The Flamingo is banging! I came to VEGAS in 2009 == TWICE. The first time i stayed in the FLAMINGO and its definitely the hotel to be at on the strip! IT's live in here all day. The room was big and gorgeous though we did not have a wonderful view. However friends of mine staying a few floors above me had an amazing view of the pond below on the side of the hotel. The buffet in the hotel was also amazing and cheap! I dont know if Im rating it so high because I just love LAs Vegas. Im def. gonna go again!
Not bad place for middle-class.  Right amount of luxury without feeling like I'm paying for non-essentials.  Very central to the strip.  Out Go Room was pretty nice.  Coffee in room was a plus.  No tub in bathroom was a minus.  Great view from our room.  Definitely a couple of stars above Imperial Palace.  Only downer was the never ending quest for a truly quiet room (we have stayed in about a dozen different LV casinos).
If you're staying at the Flamingo, stay in a GO room, no exceptions. We originally booked a regular room, and after the first night decided to upgrade to the GO rooms that everyone raves about.. . The regular rooms aren't terrible, but they're not much cheaper than the GO rooms and there is a BIG DIFFERENCE between the two rooms. We took to Twitter for a coupon code, and they gave us a code that let us upgrade for $20 each night.. . The GO room is excellent. It has a big flat screen TV, great bed, a TV in the bathroom mirror, both a shower and tub, a nice lounge chair in front of the big window, a great closet and everything is pristine and clean. I can't express how much happier you'll be with a GO room. And for $65a night during the week, you really can't beat it.. . The location is great. It's across the street from the Bellagio (see the water show outside every half hour) and Caesars Palace. Behind it is this neat little Italian joint (not fancy, just fun) called Battistas that gives you free unlimited wine with your meal and a guy with an accordion who comes around playing to all the tables.. . The outdoor area is huge, which I love. They have a lot of land here. The pool area is HUGE, they must have at least five pools. They also have a little area with real Flamingos (which were freezing their patooties off while we were here) and there's plenty of places to walk around and explore in a semi-quiet environment.. . My only complaint is the lack of good food. The Burger Joint makes a decent greasy breakfast, but the rest of the food is crap. Sin City Brewing company is the biggest highlight only because they have a fire pit out back.. . As for the Casino... it's OK. There's nothing spectacular about it except that there are dancing girls in one corner on a little stage every once in a while. The fifty year old boob-implanted waitresses are few and far between and I wasn't offered a drink even once despite the amount of time I spent in here one night.. . So as far a Casino goes... go next door to Bills Gambling Hall for some fun. If you want a good place to stay, I have to thank the numerous people who told me to stay here because the GO rooms make me feel like I'm staying at the Bellagio, but just a little more pink.
Upon staying here, I wasn't sure what I was going to get based on the mixed reviews. I didn't get a GO room, but did get a deluxe room. This was a great choice, the room was updated, modern, and spacious with a view directly across from Caesars. I would not hesitate to stay here again because of the location and price, it's a good value for what you get. . . I can't comment on the food because we didn't eat here.. . The casino area seemed to be on par with all of the other casinos in terms of amount of games and size.
When I first booked my vacation to stay at the Flamingo I had a regular deluxe room. I had read reviews from other fellow Yelpers that all pretty much agreed to get a "GO ROOM" but I am stubborn and thought what the heck I will just keep my deluxe room. . . WELL..............we first check in after getting attacked by the timeshare people who can't seem to take "NO" for an answer. Anyway I digress. . . So we get our room and the lady tells us she has a room available but it is far from the elevator and we will have to walk a little. So my husband and I are in pretty good shape so we say no problem and get the room. We walked prob 5-8 minutes to get to the room. We open the door and turn on the lights and the carpet looked like it had not been cleaned in YEARS! Then I check the bedding for "bed bugs" and I don't find any but I do find a half pint of whiskey someone. This might of made some happy but not me. We left our room right after that and when down to the lobby and requested that we be upgraded to a Go Room. The lady tells us they are booked and it's a busy weekend being Superbowl and UFC. I tell her I know they have to have a Go room available. After having a stare off she tells me that there is a GO room available. We were not able to get the room free but she did give us the discounted rate so it was like $25 a night. . . We get to the GO room and things are much, much better! Very happy and the room is great just like all the fellow Yelpers had indicated. We had a great view and the beds were so soft. We will def go back to the flamingo just for the Go rooms. It was in a great location and we had a great time. . . I am giving the Flamingo a 4 star just for the go rooms and did I mention there were go-go dancers at night?
The Flamingo is older and a little rough around the edges, but  comfortable as those old slippers you don't want to throw away cause you're so used to them. Like your girlfriend who's a cougar, and dresses in boa's and sequins for an afternoon trip to the mall and you spend time  trying not to be associated with her while she's hitting on that young stud muffin in Starbucks. . . It's a great location on the strip, and other Harrahs groups are in walking distance (with the exception of the Rio and they run a shuttle there.)  Think Pepto Bismol and you can visualize the decor.. . For a reasonable price they'll put you in a Go room, and it has a lot of nice features, like a TV embedded in the bathroom mirror and a button to push from bed that will close your curtains. I want one of those at home.. . Plenty of food options, including the ever popular Jimmy Buffetts place where a platter of nachos feeds four with leftovers. They've also built a new food court, and the options are nice for a food court. Never eaten at the buffet, so can't comment on that.. . They are currently constructing a mall in the area between the casino and Jimmy Buffetts. Can't wait to see how that is, but there are some cute stores in the back of this casino already. Including a store that will custom pack a box of Ethel M chocolates with all your favorites.. . The pool here is beautiful, but crowded. You have to get there early to get a seat, and the drinks are expensive but hugh. Can't finish one, and for my taste they're overly sweet.. . This isn't the worst Harrahs - that honor goes to Imperial Palace. But it's close. I often stay here because of the Go Room and the location. I'm always on the move, and this is a good location to move around. It's also so full of senior citizens that it makes me feel young...not an easy feat.
The Flamingo is great because of its central location and rooms are cheap.  Stayed there for Valentine's Day weekend and rooms were $29/night (w/players card), great rate for a weekend!   . . The rooms are average, but clean and come with all the necessary amenities.Besides, you don't spend much time in your room anyway, so why spend all the money, if you don't have to. . . Since this is an older casino, it seems to be a bit smokier than others.  The gambling was good, if you are a penny slot fan, this casino is for you!  . . Overall, I t was good and I look forward to coming back in the summer to try out the pools. . . If you happen to be coming through the casino or staying the night, don't forget to check out the Pink Flamingos in the garden!
I really liked this hotel/casino. For sure one of my favs. I love the location and the fact that it's easy to navigate. Also It's nice having the monorail adjoined to the casino if you are feeling lazy. :) We stayed in the Go-Room, they had an awesome upgrade special so we took it and were so glad we did. The beds were so comfortable and the bathroom alone was killer. We had a great view of the pool (which is amazing by the way), and it was easy to get to from the casino floor. It is a little on the older side, but the new go-rooms are the way to get away from that. If the price is right, I will probably stay there again.
Review of casino only. I haven't stayed in the regular hotel for a couple of years now. . . That being said, the casino is nice enough, albeit kept a little too warm for my liking. With all the bodies and smoking in the casino, even when it's cold outside it would be nice if the casino temperature was kept at a cooler temperature.. . I like the addition of the food court so that you can grab a quick (cheap) bite when taking a break from losing all your money. It's also nice to take a short stroll through the garden area and check out the flamingos and the massively huge catfish in the pond. Jeeze. What the heck are they feeding that guy?. . Outdoor seating by Sin City Brewery is nice, but they have heaters, why not turn them on? I mean .. come on! It was in the 40's when I was there last week. Brrrr!
Ah, my first trip to Vegas for my 21st birthday, how I wish I remembered more of you.. . Even since I have been back, I still call the Flamingo home, even when I stay elsewhere. It's homey, kitschy charm with its high-class feel is always great.. . The casino is one of my favorites as it is large, yet still small enough to manage, unlike some of the larger neighboring casinos. Plus, I've found it to be one of the best about comping drinks while you are playing.. . As far as the hotel goes, it is pretty standard to most Vegas rooms: long twisting hallways that seem to never end, and few elevators. The attention from the staff made the stay even better though. We had an issue with the room the first night, and after calling the front desk, it was resolved immediately, making our stay a lot more care-free.. . The location and price are what sets this location apart more so for me. You have all of the major casinos within a couple block walk, no need to take the tram or taxis. . . Combined with celebrating my 21st birthday, some friends got married the same weekend and that was equally as lovely. The wedding chapel on the grounds was quaint, full of lush tropical plants, and of course the fun animals all around.. . I definitely recommend The Flamingo!
I stayed in one of the Go Rooms for 3 nights. I was very happy with the room and the hotel. I got in around 1:30pm and made reservations for a restaurant with the concierge as soon as I got there and the lady was very helpful and nice. She also told me that I should be able to check-in no problem even though it was way before 4pm which is the check-in time. The line was fairly short and I was able to check-in no problem which was great!. . The room was very nice for the price and clean. There was a nice large flat screen TV, automated curtains to a lovely view of the pool area, a mini fridge, a hairdryer, an iron, and a safe in the closet. . . Unfortunately the pool area was being remodeled so there was just one small pool area. It was ok though since my bf and I went to Bally's or Ceaser's Palace's pool no problem. The official summer season for Vegas doesn't begin until next Friday which was a bummer since a lot of the pools were closed, the service wasn't great at the casino floors, etc. . . Also a great location! The flamingo is right across the street from all the big hotels such as Ceaser's Palace, the Bellagio, etc. I was able to walk everywhere without having to take a cab. If you're looking for a nice basic room I would highly recommend this place. Honestly, you don't spend that much time in your room while at Vegas. . . I also noticed that there was a lot of older people at this hotel so if you're looking for a younger atmosphere this is something to keep in mind, but like I said the prime location makes it easy to go just about anywhere within a short walk.
Waaay better than I expected! The Luxury Go Room had an awesome view of the strip, neatly decorated, and had all the amenities that I'd expect from a Vegas hotel. In the past, we've stayed at several newer and bigger hotels on the strip, but never stayed in a hotel with such easy access to the strip. Even when we stayed at Caesars Palace, the walking distance from our hotel room to the strip seemed like miles. At the Flamingo, I was amazed that we went from our hotel room to the strip within a few minutes.  Would definitely consider staying there again!
Ive stood in the hotel and its ok, nothing like OMFG but its cheap and has a nice bed.. . I loves the casino though! Its like awesome and has great parking! Its centrally located and isnt always super packed. The servers are super sweet and you can get a 3 burger and fries after midnight!. . Love it here!
This is based on the casino only as I've never stayed the night. This casino is obviously full of rich history and good memories of "bugsy". But if you know anything about him you  know he hated that nickname. . . I went recently to check out the gardens in the back of the casino which are gorgeous. . with animals and koi and all kinds of fish and actual flamingos, along w/ the the bugsy memorial. I've lived here and been here a few times but never made the time to go out there.. Next time I go I'll be able to see all of it as the sun went down by the time we got there. . . The casino is connected to Margaritaville which has very overpriced food and drinks and a shop connected, of which I can live without: a $30 tee that looks like it cost $2 to make. . . ENTERTAINMENT: On my birthday we came here to watch George Wallace. DONT MISS OUT. Ive always wanted to see GW. But I couldnt afford to go but my bf found us tickets @ halfpriced shows - great deal - and went strait away to get us tickets.. but more on that review under GW. . . This is an older casino but still full of fun - espec w/ George Wallace, which I cannot wait to go see again, ti also has several shops in the back - which If you get the chance to ck out I highly recommend.
Just got back from a weekend trip to Vegas with my husband (who took me for my birthday). We thought the Flamingo was awesome! We have only been to Vegas two other times and this trip trumped them both. We got the Go Room (which you need to book if you are staying here) awesome young funky deocor. Sweet flat screen tv. A tv inside the bathroom mirror. Ipod hook up and automatic curtains. We had a great view of the strip looking directly at Ceasars Palace. Only downside of that was the huge outside advertisement of Donny and Marie that is stuck to the buildings window obstrcucting a clear view that kinda bumbed us out and hurt our eyes to look out too long. Otherwise we had the best service. Extremly friendly staff. If we stood looking confused more than two seconds a staff member was in our face asking us if we needed help. . . Great location just about middle of the strip and good places to eat. The Burger joint was so good. Gourmet Burgers and a killer martini called the "Flamango" yummm.....and the Tropical Cafe for breakfast was tasty too. Again, great service at both.. . Price, location and service was just right! We were impressed.Would stay again! Now if they would just take down the annoyingly gigantic Donny and Marie advertisement it would have been absolutely perfect.
my first trip in a very long time came up to vegas to get married and booked early at the flamingo after reading some reviews i was a little nervous because i had just got a regular room not a go room ... let me tell you i was very pleased with room we got we actually got a mini suite with a fab view of the gardens and the pools in the back all for a very cheap price of 42.00 per night wow you cant even get a crackhead motel room in the lbc for that price :) room was large had a seperate room with a bed and than a large living room space with couch and desk and chair and vanity . was preety clean all in all well worth the price .. would stay here again in a heart beat :). also after our wedding we actually took pics in the beautiful garden area and by the falls absolutly beautiful .....
too many smokers
I have been to Vegas 8 times, 5 of which I have stayed here and I have enjoyed it everytime.  It is not the fanciest place on the strip, doesn't have the hottest club, or greatest show, but the name is classic Vegas, and the staff, pool, and casino are a good time.  I am from the Midwest and this place is a haven  of good Midwestern people which is part of the reason I love.  Being 25, I enjoy sitting in the casino next to a random older lady and chit chat about gambling and having a cocktail.  The rooms are decent enough and having stayed at higher end hotels on the strip it has mostly the same amenities as those places.  The location is prime as well.  Don't have to walk a block and a half to access the strip and its center strip by the most fun casinos.
You can learn a lot more detail from other reviews, but I'll keep it simply.. . Very clean but dated rooms.  Good casino, great room service, and fun pool.  The best location you could have on the strip.. . I feel it's the best bang for you buck in the city.
Nice hotel and cool pool party, beautiful garden with (real flamingos!). Starting to cater to a lot of young folks. We got a non renovated room, the furniture was old and the bathroom was not appealing at all. Really thin walls, because we know when our neighbors are in. The good part was that we had a nice view of the strip.
I didn't stay in the hotel so this review is strictly for adventuring, sightseeing, and service.. . A couple of punk rockers on a whim decide to go to Vegas with very little money.  As far as the Strip Casinos were concerned the Flamingo was the best that we explored.. . You can take the elevator to the top with no key, which allowed us to get cool views of the city.  There is a little courtyard area with flamingos, koi, turtles, ducks, and swans that we wasted some time in that was pretty neat.. . We played some cheap slots, tipped our server $5 each and she brought us two strong drinks at a time every time she came by, which was awesome because at the other casinos that didn't even warrant servers coming back very often.. . As far as playing blackjack goes, yeah the rules suck and you're being ripped off.  I played for awhile knowing I was going to lose my money but I played because unlike the other casinos (even the El Cortez which is where it's at for good blackjack) the dealers were friendly, helpful, and funny.  Everywhere else the dealers were dead eyed and barely spoke and you were playing your games in complete and utter silence.  Which was kinda creepy.. . All and all we had a lot of fun screwing around at the Flamingo.
I stayed in the Flamingo for two nights last weekend and had a very good stay. . . First off I have found to easily enter into the casinos parking on that side of the strip there are numerous routes in from behind so that you do not get stuck on LV Blvd. Flamingos parking garage was by far the easiest I have found to enter and exit. . . The first room I was given was very nice, in fact I could tell by the smell it had been recently remodeled. Bummer the TV didn't work but they were up to the room in minutes after calling. TV was completely broken so the maintenance crew contacted the front desk who handled my transfer to another room hassle free. Big plus was the new room was overlooking Caesars! Bonus!! Strip View!!! Bed and pillows were very comfy and the bathroom was very nice and clean (but too pink for me). . . As some have complained yes it is older than a lot of the other casinos in the area. And yes the hallway carpets could stand to be replaced but then you aren't going to get a room at the Wynn for under $125 so why would anyone even compare the two? That and I do not intend to spend the night on the hallway carpet but then perhaps those that are concerned just might. . . I must say my only disappointment was the breakfast buffet. It has two lines for food with an omelet station in the center and hotcakes station on one end. Nice to have fresh pancakes instead of steam table pancakes but the layout gets very clogged up. That and the line I chose to get in was completely out of everything (bacon, eggs, potatoes) at 8:30am (and it wasn't even that busy). . . Also DO NOT buy any sundries at the large gift shop. A regular sized bag of chips that would sell for $2.99 at the grocery store cost me $5.99 and on top of that my 16oz bottle of water cost me $3. Take some extra time and head for a local CVS or Walgreen's. . . I toured the grounds and found them to be very nice and well maintained. The pool was very busy but when it is 90 degrees and the pool area is that nice then yes it will be getting used. Flamingo is also part of a large group of casinos including Caesars, Ballys and Paris so a lot of those guests will come to Flamingo's pool. I did see the dog walk area right outside the doors where you go out for the pool. It was not in any of the hallways (see previous reviews on the hotel). The housekeeping help for the most parts does not speak English... but then why would that be a surprise? If I had my dog with me his comfort area after traveling would be a priority for me and would be one of the first things I would ask the FRONT DESK STAFF about when checking in. (see previous reviews on the hotel) . . Overall for location and service I would recommend Flamingo and will keep it in mind for future visits.
Trust me, splurge on a Go room.   But be prepared for plenty of pink.  And a very, very long line at check-in.. . For the money, on the location, the petite Go Room is all you need as a home base in Vegas.  Mine was immaculately clean upon arrival, with crisp sheets and a comfortable coverlet on the king-sized bed.  . . The Go Rooms aren't for everyone, though.  I was puzzled at first about the frosted glass surrounding the bathroom, and the ambient pink glow that diffused through the glass.  I ended up using the bathroom as a tacky Flamingo-pink nightlight.  (Since I usually end up leaving a light on in a strange place to keep from having a 3AM "Where the hell am I?" moment, this worked for me.)  The bathroom door was on a slider, which kept the room from feeling cramped.  . . A lot of the room's space is taken up by the bath, and there's a lot of little touches to make this space feel upgraded.  The shower has some additional jets, but, they can't be angled, so at my short height, they were more awkward than luxurious.  I would have liked a tub, but, my room didn't include one.  There was tons of hot water and great water pressure, so no real complaint about the shower other than the lost opportunity to have it be just a little more fabulous.  The hidden television in the mirror was an amusement, and kind of neat when getting ready in the morning.  Toiletries supplied were a touch better than average, but I'd recommend hitting the Walgreens up the street for an upgrade.  . . The luxury room faced the strip.  The 17th floor had a spectacular view of Caesar's palace and the Bellagio fountains.  But, a strange screen material made the view hazy -- it took me a while to realize that the screen was the building-sized advertisement for the Donnie and Marie show.  One of the best parts of staying at the Flamingo is that unlike Caesar's, you don't have to stare at that eyesore of an advertisement!  . . Soundproofing was reasonably good, though I could occasionally hear a loudmouth next door.   The bed was comfortable.  And despite my repeated attempts to tip my maid, money was never, ever removed from the room. I felt that my belongings were secure, though, if you've got really valuable items, there's an in-room safe for them.  . . Deeply disappointing, though is the $13.99 wired internet charge despite a premium price for the room.  Wireless is also available for a similar charge. Internet access is charged per device, so, choose wisely.  Phone service, like most phone service in Vegas, is insanely overpriced - bring your cell phone.. . The Flamingo has a small garden with its namesake birds and a few other unusual specimens, a relaxing refuge from all the casino action.  The Vegas ghost tour stops through there at night to tell some spooky tales.  But, late at night, I was approached in the garden by far spookier panhandlers looking for a cigarette handout.  I doubt that'd happen at Caesar's, and it make me question the overall security of the property.  Each night, fliers were slipped under the door - timeshare promos, pizza parlors.  Nothing terrible, but, it appears that the Flamingo doesn't necessarily monitor things quite as vigorously as some of its sister properties.  . . I spoke with a few other guests when relaxing in the garden, watching the wedding parties take their photos.  From what I heard, some other guests encountered uneven service - a diabetic unable to obtain a refrigerator for a regular (non-Go) room, others complaining of sub-par linens on the beds.  So, not all rooms at the Flamingo are created equal, and special requests might go ignored.. . But, I'd stay in a Go room again in a heartbeat.  The close proximity to the Strip and the relatively petite size of the property compared to a lot of the other megacasinos nearby makes this a great launching pad for your Vegas adventures.  Stock up the minifridge as your own personal minibar with a trip to the Alberson's up the street, and you've got your own personal haven from the noise and the bustle below when you need an escape.
Good buffet. I didn't stay as a guest though. I like the fake vanilla smell they pump through the casino. I'm not in Vegas now, but the thought of it takes me back.
Great place to stay, awesome patio and pool for the summer. We took my girls dog, and he had a blast. Check in is kind of slow, check out was fast though. Rooms are clean, and spacious. Great spot, right at the start of the strip so you can walk to a lot of the cool places.
This quick review is on the CASINO. . . The Flamingo has a much nicer atmosphere than at Bill's next door. But that means a minimum bid of $10 at the blackjack and roulette tables. I lost $10 at roulette on my first turn and wasted $7 on the penny machines. Next time I'll play the quarter machines. I might do better on those.
Flamingo is part of the Caesar's Entertainment company, and for what is worth one of the best placed casino on the middle of the strip.  . . PRICE RANGE- I checked in on a Wednesday and check out on Friday for the price range under $240.. . ROOM- I got a GO DELUXE room (non-smoking)  and it had what I think is a beautiful view of the the pool and the mini zoo. It had modern styling and amenities such as a flat screen t.v., radio with IPOD adapter, internet (but with a fee) The bathroom had a stand up shower and a tub which was on the small size.  Another nice feature is that that was a mini t.v. inside the mirror and if you wanted you can watch cartoons while sitting on the throne =P.     . . SERVICE- When I got to Flamingo, I decided to use the quick check in kiosk that is located next to the check in desk.  When I got my keys and check into the room it still needed to be cleaned.  So me not wanting to settle for less walked my happy ass back down and talk to an actual receptionist and got the problem rectified and she was nice enough to "comp" a dinner for two. . . CASINO- The Flamingo might have been the premier casino to go to back in the day, but compared to the newer "super" casinos the look is dated.  Which is why it did not have the volume of players in the other Casinos.  Like all the casinos in Vegas, alcohol is free and plenty.  I got my drinks from waitresses ten minutes from the time I ordered it.  The blackjack dealers/floor personnel were friendly and talkative, and were willing to help newbies to the game.
So me and my girlfriend came out to Vegas 4th of July weekend. First off it was a hot weekend and having one of the nicest pools in Vegas was very nice. So when we get to the hotel the parking was easy to get to and was a fairly short walk to the casino floor. Checking in was fast and we were able to get our room rite on time. So when we got to the room it was already nice and cold to help with the heat. The view was decent we could see the strip but the only bad thing was that half our view was the IP hotel parking lot. For the Flamingo being the oldest hotel on the strip it was still very nice and pretty up to date, no flat screen in the room but let's be honest, when you come to Vegas you come to party not lay in bed and watch T.V. After getting situated in the room we get ready to go to the pool and man was it nice. There were plenty of bars everywhere to get beer and mixed drinks. Beer was cheap and the mixed drinks were a little expensive but they were very delicious. The pool had a lot of space for people and even had a top area for families with slides for the kids. I had an amazing time here and I will definitely return. I recommend the Flamingo to anyone going to Vegas. My only complaint would be that the room was a little small. So I loved this place and will check in here when I return to Vegas.
Pool was awesome. Servers at the pool were double awesome. Gotta get there at a squirrely hour in the morning if you want a chair. Hotel is one of the cheaper on the strip, definitely worth it if you don't plan on chilling in your room all day like a hobbit.
IF you book a "GO" room on-line in advance they can be had for under $100 per night (only 800 of the Flamingo's rooms are the newly remodeled "GO" rooms). We really enjoyed our stay entire here. The location on the strip cannot be beat. They also offer free parking, the staff is friendly. The bar, spa, and casino are relaxing and casual. Unfortunately the food court is of the standard mall variety. Flamingo's pool is one of the best in Las Vegas it was packed every day with a DJ and hundreds of partiers.
I am so glad I let my friends make the reservations because they chose one of the Flamingo's GO rooms.  It was so luxe and trendy.  I loved the pink trim and white pillow headboards.  I would definitely get this room again.. . I also loved the pool party.  The music was rockin and the drinks were awesome.
Maybe its cuz it was my first time in Vegas, but the flamingo treated me well! We got the rooms at a very good rate and the room wasn't bad at all. We had a nice set up that had a good view of vegas. We did try the room service and the food wasn't bad at all. We had no issues and check in/out was easy
This is a review for the pool only!  We stayed at Bill's Gamblin' Hall next door and got free entrance to the Flamingo pool.  This is an awesome deal because Bill's is cheap and the Flamingo pool is a great place to party!. . It is quite a walk from the front of the casino to the pool.  You are not going to make a quick 15 minute stop at this pool.  . . There is a security check when you enter the pool.  You are not allowed to bring in your own food or beverages.  They do allow you to bring in bottles of water though... . . The pool is a party from the moment you enter.  Packed at all times, loud music playing, and even girls in hot pink bikinis dancing on islands in the middle of the pool.  The day we were there a local radio station was hosting the party.  We had a great time watching the limbo contest they hosted.  . . The downside is that seating is at a premium!  If you arrive anytime after about 11am, you will have to stalk people leaving to find a seat.  Hint: Get your seats at the pool the second you wake up in the morning.  We put towels, a bottle of water, and a magazine on two chairs at 10am and then went and had lunch.  When we came back 2 hours later, all of our stuff was still there and we had seats for the afternoon.  . . This is a great way to spend the daylight hours recovering from the events from the night before.
We stayed her our last trip to Las Vegas. We had one of the GO room mini-suites. The main difference was a living room area with 2 pull out couches and an extra TV next to the bed. . . Checking in was fast, and we came in on a Friday evening. I wouldn't say instant, because no hotel offers that, but it went faster than expected.. . I must say these rooms are a lot nicer than we expected and the prices weren't bad. The hotel was normally very clean and the bar downstairs by the strip enterance had great $1 beer(8oz) specials every night.. . The buffet is average, nothing to blow you away, and the price is pretty spendy for what it offers. But if you are a diamond club member, you get to sit down by the windows next to the water, so the black swans will sometimes swim right up. On the weekend mornings the diamond club members also have a personal omelette chef.. . The central outside area where they have all the birds is very beautiful. They had a lot of pretty bird and also some nice picture areas. . . Location is one of the best things about the Flamingo. We go to Vegas every year, and having a hotel right in the middle of the strip saves you a lot of money it taxis if you can just walk outside to fun. Some of the other comparibly priced hotels are too far off the center or at one end, requiring you to taxi to anything fun. . . Overall I was very impressed. We will stay here again for sure.
The Flamingo has become my New Favorite Hotel to stay at in Vegas (on the Strip). And I've stayed at most of the hotels, so that's saying something.. . Mind you, the Flamingo is not the newest hotel, or the nicest. And I've heard that some people have had some bad experiences there, although mine have always been pretty good. So what does the Flamingo have going for it? One word: Convenience.. . I've stayed in hotels where you have to walk 20 minutes through the casino to see sunlight and breathe fresh air (ahem, MGM Grand). In Flamingo, I can go from my room and onto the Strip in under five minutes if the elevators work in my favor. This is huge to me.. . There are also a lot of convenient options for eating, drinking, and cheap gambling. Of course, you're doing these things in places like O'Sheas and Bill's, so you have to expect that you're not exactly going to be hob-nobbing with the visiting celebrities. But if you want to high-roll, you can cross the street to Bellagio, Caesars, or Cosmopolitan with little trouble.. . If you're the type of person who comes to Vegas and doesn't plan to spend much time in your room, Flamingo is the place for you. They also have a great pool with outdoor blackjack and craps - low limit! (Or at least they were when I was there in July mid-week.)
Review is for the Garden Bar.. . We stopped by for a beer and a Lemon Drop. Mmm, nicely made!  Great view of the tropical garden area too!  Very relaxing!
Several years ago we stayed at Flamingo because we got a good price.  We lived in Chicago so the visit to LV was for family who had moved.  Fast forward to 2011 and we are now living in San Diego (close to the Indian casinos) so the visits to Las Vegas are limited to  family gatherings or holidays.. . Harrahs has seen the light and now allows dogs in some of their rooms in almost all properties and of course, the fancier the hotel property, the higher the price.  We settled on the Flamingo because of price and their remodeled rooms.. . First and foremost, the improvements are at most cosmetic.  Thesame driveway to the hotel from the Las Vegas strip (always a hazard because you have to get pass pedestrians who are unwilling to wait to go to the next hotel or cruise the rest of the strip).  There is no other quicker way to go in the hotel driveway.  Plus, they have free valet parking.. . Once we got to the hotel, things come back to my memory about the type of casino hotel, Flamingo was (and that is true, was).  It can never be restored from its former glory because it's overall theme has to stay the pink flamingos etc.  I am sure there were improvements since our last visit at least  7 or more years ago but has it really improved?  I do give props for the room, although it has seen better times, the bathroom and the beds plus the flat screen tv were in this current trend (let's say all white/lounge with glass doors to the bathroom etc.).  The room was at least very spacious and had an interesting view of the pool below.  Apricot certainly enjoyed it.. . Since we were in LV in the early summer as school is getting out or has finished, the pool on Sat has the 21 and over party vibe.  I didn't try joining that crowd as I was busy with other stuff (visiting family) etc.  Sun nite has a more normal quiet atmosphere suited for a normal hotel pool.. . Props for the improvements and low minimums on the table games and trying.. . With the exception of the pool Sat experience (think those reality shows on magnification 300x), I would stay here again because of the room being better than the more expensive but not as pretty or close to the strip Westin we normally stayed at.  . . With more funds, we can actually stay at the newer properties, Paris (oh la la) or newer remodels Caesar's Palace (oh celine).
Good room and great location for the price. We stayed Thurs.-Sun.. . I didn't stay here for the pool but it was definitely an added bonus. I fit in the under 30's crowd and felt like this was a good hotel for that age group. This place probably does attract some older people (hence the Donnie and Marie show) but they are definitely in the minority poolside. Of course you still get a few over 45's that are in bikinis and in denial. . . We ended up spending most of our daytime hanging out by the pool which was like a huge party/club. Great music with a DJ, bikini clad dancers, and some great beer prices. You could get a bucket of 5 beers for $20 or 12 for $40. . . One negative is that they don't have a clear signage telling you that there is no food or drinks allowed to be taken inside the pool premises. Lots of people were having to throw their items away before entering. Which after having stood  in line for 15 min can become very irritating. . . Overall the hotel experience was very nice and I would stay here again.
My gf and I went tues-thurs and we had reserved a GO room, which I had heard good things about. When we got there there to check in there was a long line, luckily there are kiosks that you can use to check in. However when I went to check in the room wasnt the GO room I had originally reserved. This is where the Flamingo gets the 4 stars instead of just 3 they upgraded us to a neopolitan suite. Loved the location and there are no resort fees, O'sheas is next door (good deals on drinks)
We stayed here for 5 nights at about $50/night. Damn cheap for Vegas! The Flamingo is the second oldest hotel on the strip. It is no Bellagio and it is no Wynn, but it is nicer than most hotels I usually stay at around the country. Also, this hotel is smack-dab in the middle of the strip and perfect for checking out the surrounding hotels and sites.. . I like it because it has that 1950s look to it. It has this cheesy pink decor, which I liked because it's vegas! At night, it is the essence of old school Vegas and I loved looking at it. Donny and Marie are the big names performing there right now, which fits in perfectly with the hotel. . . The room was decent, the view we had overlooked the tropical pools below and it was nice. Everyone who helped us was polite.. . The great thing is that there are plenty of shops downstairs, a casino, a food court, and there is a pizza center which makes a really good pizza for late night snacking at only $12. Plus you should get the fries. For only $5, you get a mountain. And the gelato is good too. While you're there, try the burger place next door. I haven never seen such large burgers in my life.. . Check in is a nightmare. Definitely go off the the side and do the express electronic check in to save yourself an hour of waiting in line.. . I would go here again if on a budget.
Just finished our third stay at the Flamingo.  We are big fans of the Go rooms, the adults only pool ( The large pool is now strictly 18 and older) and it's location on the strip. By and large we spent hardly anytime at all in the casino itself.  Do wish it had a cool bar or lounge.  . . Plenty of Yelpers have added some helpful hints, but thought we would pass on a few too.. . Check in: Might be worth using the desk vs. the quick computer check in.  We tried the quick check in and ended up staying in the Habitat tower....last year stayed in the Spa tower and enjoyed the layout a little more. The Habitat tower is guarded by Westin employees trying to give you a "free" gift.  Not a deal breaker, but ask for the spa tower Go rooms.  By all means, BOOK A GO ROOM.. . Pool:  Don't expect to easily get a lounge chair if you show up past 10AM.  Think people run down to the pool and put towels on them at first light...play the game and do the same!  Grab a bloody mary while you are down there....they are awesome and only $5  from 8-11AM. The waitresses at the pool are swamped with orders, but all the ones we had the pleasure of talking to were super cute..I mean super sweet and helpful! If your hungry, order a burger!  Very filling and it goes well with the $20 bucket of beer.  Jeannie enjoyed the turkey wrap.  Tried the hotdog.  It had some major shrinkage going on ( supposed to be a Nathan's) and ended up filling up mostly on the fries.. . Margaritaville: Stepped in there for the first time...for breakfast on the day we checked out.  A good bet and the price is on the low end for Vegas.  Have to try the bar one night.... . Late night snack.  There is a food court ( two actually) that has a Johnny Rockets, a pizza place, a Panda Express-like joint and a sub  & salad place.  Had a pizza night cap twice and it was goooooood! Sausage and Pepperoni slice hit the spot.. . Location:  There are so many entertainment and food options near by that you might want to be prepared to walk just a little.  Venetian & the Mirage are just within  comfortable walking distance (heels might be a challenge ladies) Harrah's & Caesar's are easy! Didn't really go the other direction, but think about keeping the car parked.  A much more colorful trip will be had on foot as you get a close up view of the Vegas "humanity".
Sure- it's not as classy as say Bellagio, the Wynn, or even Paris. However, it's nicer than say Imperial Palace and at a comprable price. It's in a great location, right next to my fave casino Bills. .     It has clean rooms, an adult only pool, and a perfectly cheesy casino, what more could you want??
Really chill hotel. No complaints from me.
For a truly fab Vegas trip, stay somewhere like the Planet Hollywood Towers, but for a nice vacation in a clean hotel where the ozone machines won't make your nose gush red, this is a good choice. The adult-only pool (NOT a topless pool) is a nice retreat for couples, and the family pool with water slide looked cute. The bed was comfortable, and the fridge was handy. The main problems were the lack of good food available on site, and the lack of a bath tub in the room (just a shower). Also, while we were there, most of the elevators broke for 2 days, so it took us about 20 minutes to get from the lobby to our room (more than half of that was walking through the hotel to get to the elevators on the far side, then back from those elevators to our room). By the way, the decor involves a LOT of cheesy, Elvis pink...be prepared.
Awesome place.. . Stayed here over NASCAR weekend back in March...not that I knew it was NASCAR weekend at the time.... . Stayed in a GO Room on the 18th floor. While I didn't have a Strip View, I had aview of the pool and habitat areas, which was equally as good. Got a deal on it too...around $86.50 avg/night with my Total Rewards discount! It didn't have a tub as I was hoping but those seem to be a dime a dozen...sometimes you get one, most of the time you don't.. . Arrived at around 2pm on a Thursday and check-in didn't take all that long, maybe like 20 minutes. They also have automated machines at the front desk if you're looking to avoid the lines. I did see some long lines at the front desk at certain times of the day though.. . Enjoyed the vibe of the hotel and the casino...even if the slot machines were tight as hell. Thankfully, you can access the Strip from the casino in less than 5 minutes, and wonderful joints such as O'Shea's and Harrah's were very very close. It's also connected to the Monorail if you're looking to head to MGM Grand or casinos located further north.. . Everything you need under one roof, definitely. I also recommend Margaritaville and Burger Joint if you're looking for some eats, but there's a lot of other joints... like LA Subs, Johnny Rockets, and the Buffet (which I didn't get to try this time around.). . Loved the bartenders over at Bugsy's Bar. They were pretty heavy-handed with the booze and kept the drinks coming while playing VP. Was a great spot to just chill, smoke, and lose a little cash.. . They need to fix the elevators in the parking garage though. I swear, they must've been as old as the hotel. I was heading back to my rental on the 6th floor one day and the lights just went out...like hell.
We spent three nights in the Flamingo this year and generally found it to be a great experience.  I was able to book a very low rate ($30 a night), and when we arrived they offered us an upper level upgraded room with a strip view of $30 more.  Usually, I don't take the upgrades, but I also knew that a similar view from any other hotel would be well over $100 (possibly over $200), so I took it.. . Anyway, the room was very nice (we were in room 20096 for those looking for a specific recommendation).  My only complaint is the carpet is very worn out and needs to be replaced. The bed was very nice and the bathroom included a tv in the mirror.  Oh the room has a very good sound system, so make sure you bring along a cable to plug in your MP3/smart phone. . . One of the best features of the Flamingo is the pool.  It is surrounded with palm trees, so if you easily burn (like me) you can enjoy the heat and get some shade.  In the evening, we were thankful for the great location and walked all around the Strip.. . Yes, it isn't as fancy or nice as the Bellagio, but if you can snag a good price, it is well worth staying!!
I give this four stars because it is four stars for what it is--decent rooms, great pool, PERFECT location.. . Yes, I agree, it's not the Bellagio.  Yeah the hotel is nothing over the top.  But you can't beat the location, especially if you've never been to Vegas before.  Being right in the middle of the strip, everything is within reasonable walking distance.  . . If you do stay here, you MUST go across the street to Serendipity for sandwiches!  A wait for a table for four people for lunch on the weekends would boggle your mind, but if you are there during the week (or you can wait to eat!) then it is sooooooo worth visit!
Was in Vegas a couple of days ago and had some relaxation time at Bugsy's Bar inside of the Flamingo Casino.  The drinks were comped of course and the entertainment there was lovely. I will definantely be there again soon. Thanks for the beers and my winnings Flamingo!
I always have a great time gambling here!!!
We got a GO Room with a Strip View and were so impressed! It was a really nice room. PLUS, it is such a good value! Last time we stayed at Caesar's Palace, and this was actually better. . The upsides: we had a view of the fountains at Bellagio and the Paris eiffel tower -- so cool:), there was a nice lounge/love seat for admiring the view from the floor to ceiling windows, there was a fridge and coffee maker, clean and very comfy bed and pillows, modern and nice tv, bathroom, etc., super-easy access from room to strip (you did not have to walk far) and perfect strip location, the pool was laid-back, fun and big -- We loved it! . The one slight downside is it's a bit older casino, but it is not run down, and it was nice to have access to the food court -- for late night snacks or non-expensive food choices. We try to stay in different places each time we head to Vegas, but this was such a nice room, location and amazing value, we may have to come again!
The first time I stayed in Vegas I stayed at Caesar's Palace.  The rooms were bright and sunny and the pool was full of hottness.  The beds were super comfy and the location was clutch.. . Of course, the expenses that weekend were covered by work.. . Our most recent friendcation was on our individual dimes and we decided to book a room at the Flamingo.  It's the perfect spot to cut lodging costs so you have more expendible income for booze and the blackjack tables.  We were given a "junior suite" (non-updated) that was massive and plenty of room for the 4 of us (we could have easily slept 8-10).  The pool was great, too.  Lots of people everywhere, friendly bartenders, and just enough sun to get a tan.  They could have more bathrooms, though.. . The only bad part of the stay was the broken ice machine outside of our room.  We needed ice... to keep our drinks cold in the room, and the other ice machine was at least 1/2 mile away down the hallway (oh yeah... you could drop 10lbs just walking from the front entrace to your room depending on what wing of the hotel you are staying in).. . The location is awesome and the hotel met our expectations.  Also, the food court in the casino was perfect for morning, mid-day, and late night eats.  Great experience and I'll definitely be back!
The place that built Las Vegas. They have flamingos and pinguins in the gardens. The shops and restaurant selections are not as good and diverse as other hotels, but they fit the bill for some late night snacking.
Not the comfiest beds, but you're in Vegas, it really doesn't matter! The pool atmosphere is fantastically fun! Watch out for the strong poolside drinks, they'll get ya! And the pool water was very cold while we were there, hence why we drank so much. Clever! Overall, great location in the center of the strip, makes for a very fun Vegas vacation!
Number 1 advice: Go to the pool early. There is a line to actually get into the pool. I believe you have to be in line by 8 if you want a good spot by the pool. Be aware it gets a ton of shade because of the landscaping. . . Beds are comfy maybe too comfy, I didn't want to get up in the morning, that could have also been because of the late night at the hotel bar. The drinks were really good and the bartender was super nice! I really liked all of the staff at this hotel! . . The room was really nice and clean and even had a mini fridge which was great!. . I didn't realize how big this hotel was. There are a ton of dining options and shops here. I suggest you get out and explore! It's pretty nice.. . Overall my experience was pretty good! I would definitely consider staying at the Flamingo again.
A cool and hop place to stay and the pool can't be beat! They have daily games for prizes at the pool which are really fun to enter. I never won:(. The rates are good and the location is the best on the strip. I stayed there for my bachorette party and it's the only place I ever stay in Vegas!
The Flamingo isn't as shiny and pretty or as spacious as some of the newer casinos like the Cosmopolitan, but it provides good rooms for a moderate price. . My folks enjoy the slots there and the casino rewards them consistently with free rooms, with $15 a night upgrade to deluxe rooms. The new remodeled "Go" rooms are well-done - flat-screen TV's, fancy showers, nice beds. The views aren't that usually that great from the rooms I've been in, but that's a minor drawback in my opinion. . . . All in all, I would recommend the Flamingo to anyone who can't afford the swankiest hotels, but still wants an enjoyable place to stay on the Strip (unlike crap like the Imperial Palace). And the buffet is pretty good!
Maybe it's a good thing that these older hotels such as the Flamingo, are overshadowed by some of the newer hotels in Vegas. It allows for a great value!. . On our last night in Vegas, we wanted to stay on the strip compared to the off the strip accommodations we had in the previous days over at the Las Vegas Hilton (See review). . I had SEEN the Flamingo GO rooms and when I saw a current deal that had it at $55 (Total with tax and no resort fees) I decided to book it. . . We get to the front desk and our front desk agent upgraded us to one of the GO Suite rooms with a view. She didn't have to, but she did and I am forever grateful since I did not have any cash on hand to tip her. I will hopefully be able to show thanks next time I am here--If I go here anytime soon. But if not, hopefully good karma comes her way.. . So we get to our floor, and it is obvious it's "GO" time. See what I did there? The "GO" theme is pink, as is the main theme of the Flamingo. This theme spreads throughout the hallway. The door to our room and just the vibe prior to entering the room had me believing it was going to be a small room. Upon entering you are hit with the openness of the GO Suite room. The living area is fairly large. . . The theme as mentioned goes with the rest of the Hotel... PINK. It was not overly done, and it was just right. The room was very chique. We had a nice view of the strip and could see the Bellagio fountain show. One of the many PIMP features includes the motorized sheers and blinds. You go in there and press the two buttons and it opens up the blinds and curtains. The windows themselves span across the room and it is floor to ceiling height so it is very open. . . You go to the bedroom and you are presented with the same window treatments. Full view of the strip, windows floor to ceiling height, with motorized blinds and sheers. The bed setup is also nice. There LED accent lights on the top, and adjustable ones on each side. THE BED IS COMFY!! It had nice support yet really sunk you in like you were floating on clouds. . . As for the bathrooms, the suite room has 1 and half bath. Right from the entrance and in the bedroom. The bathrooms don't have locks and the window is opaque so you can see that someone is in there, but can't make anything out. This maybe a problem for a few especially if sharing with others. Same goes for the bedroom bathroom. There is a single person tub and separate shower. The shower has strong pressure WITH BODY SPRAYERS! His and her sinks in the bathroom located in the bedroom. AND YES THERE IS A TV BUILT INTO THE MIRRORS! . . Both the living quarters and bedroom have separate flatscreen TVs. Looks to be 42". Also comes with nice sounding 2.1 channel sound system, you can hook up your media, has a USB port, and optical drive. . . The living area has a couch that does turn into a bed for extra guest.. . So why minus 1 star? Although the TVs are HDTV, there was NO actual High Definition programming. It's like buying a Ferrari and only staying in 1st gear. Why do establishments still do this?!?!. . Also the sound system in the bedroom was broken. It just didn't work anymore. One of the lamps also had a bulb that was out.. . Internet was not free, but that is common these days. . . Overall despite those minor quirks, I would highly recommend the Flamingo. It's on the strip and have affordable prices.
After reading the reviews on Hotels.com and some of the reviews here, I was afraid to stay here.  But after my five night stay, I'd probably stay here again - especially to save some dough.. . I didn't stay in one of the "Go" rooms but it still wasn't bad.  I'd say the room was on par with an older LaQuinta.  The room included a desk, a small love seat, and a comfortable sitting chair with ottoman.. . TV was no frills - TBS, WGN, ESPN, CNN, and local channels, that's it - but no big deal.. . My room had both Wi-Fi and a physical cable for Internet access - charge was about $13 per day.. . Check in and check out were both speedy and flawless.. . Don't be afraid to stay here - the rooms are clean but could stand to be updated/remodeled.  See my photos for a look at the older rooms.
The husband and I stayed here in Dec 2011, we had a GO room with 2 queen beds.  The room was nice and the view was AWESOME!!  We could see the Bellagio fountains and all the way down to the light on top of the Luxor!  During the day the sun beams in like a laser so we kept the curtains drawn but at night it was beautiful.  The air conditioner did not work or at least didn't work well.  We are hot natured people so 76 degrees in the room is HOT to us but we didn't want to switch rooms because of the view!  The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were very clean.  The decor in parts of the hotel are a little dated but they are working on that I think.  We visit Vegas every year and always try to stay somewhere different to get different experiences and this one overall was pretty good.  My only complaint was the AC.  Several reviews said they waited forever at check in but we only waited about 20 minutes.  The lady that checked us in was a little odd but hey it's Vegas!  The garden bar has the coldest beer in the hotel but skip the Burger Joint they on the other hand had the hottest beer and worst service.  We really enjoyed our stay, just make sure you get a GO room or one of the recently redecorated rooms and you will be pleased.  Very nice stay for the $$.
My room was nice, they did a great job with the upgrades. I compared a couple other rooms and I can tell that the higher level rooms are nicer than the lower levels. Bed is huge and comfy. I like the flat screen tv's, especially seeing the one in the bathroom. I was told that the upgrades were just done, so I stayed her at the right time. Sadly the pool and jacuzzi were being worked on. If you wanted jacuzzi time, the front desk staff told us to use Ceasar's.  Now that sucks! The casino it self, is very old and nothing like the newer casinos, obviously. would I stay here again, sure the price was right.
Booked a room from Thurs-Sun in mid November.  Less than $44/night for the weekend, say what?  Keep in mind that I had a standard room, not a Go Room so I wasn't expecting much.  . . A few days before my trip to Vegas, I came on Yelp to check out the recent reviews and got nervous considering how many reviews were complaining about getting a room where someone was already occupied in it.  A few stains based on wear and tear, I can live with (it is one of the oldest casinos on the Strip), but I really didn't want to walk in on strangers and have to deal with that awkwardness.. . Alas, my trip came and went and all I have to say is THANK YOU FLAMINGO for giving me a good and cheap place to shower and sleep during a crazy drunken Vegas weekend.  No strangers to be found in my room, the stains on the carpet were minimal, the beds were comfortable and the shower was clean.  Plus, our view was not QUITE the strip as we were mostly facing Ballys but we had a great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show when it came on!. . Location made it easy to get to almost anywhere without having to take a cab (except when it was late and cold) and when we got tired of getting robbed by the upscale casinos, we got to go back to our own casino and lose at a slower pace.. . One more plus -- The Burger Joint at Flamnigo is awesome and is way better than Johnny Rockets.  Review for that coming soon.. . If I'm on a budget, I'd come back to the Flamingo in a heartbeat.
Paid only $44 total for one night which was ridiculously cheap. Obviously this isn't the Bellagio but everything was decent and nothing was out of order. There weren't many TV channels. The elevators are very convenient though. Overall, a good value.
For the price and the location, I love staying here when I want to be centrally located but dont want to spend a ton of money on one of the newer and nicer hotels
OK, definitely not the most upscale place you'll ever stay in Vegas, but somehow I find myself back at the good ol' classic and unpretentious Flamingo time and time again. I'm headed to LV for a convention again next month and opted for the Flamingo based on its value (even though the company is paying), it's prime location, its service and its familiarity. I've had great rooms here and some rooms that were just OK, but I've always had a comfortable bed and have NEVER had any trouble with the wonderful staff whenever I've needed something or have had a special request. They've simply never failed me. The buffet is consistently very good with beautiful surroundings and I've enjoyed many of the other dining options as well. The layout is simple and uncluttered. The sports book is spacious and comfortable. I'm never more than a couple minutes walk from my bed when it's time to call it a night.. . I'm looking forward to trying out a GO Deluxe room this next trip (again, since the company is paying, but even with a premium room I'm still saving them at least $100/night over the more indulgent casinos nearby!) The bossman is happy and so am I!
Love the new Go rooms. Stayed here around Thanksgiving when I was attending the Morrissey concert. The rooms are cool and not too expensive. The floor was clean enough to go barefoot! Liked the TV in the mirror in the bathroom so that you can watch while you are relaxing in your bath. The renovation is fun and loved the lounge chair right next to the large window (with remote control drapes!) Great room service- beer and wings- super fast too! I will stay here again!
I have stayed here countless times because my mom is actually one of those VIPs but I have to tell you the reason why I love the FLAMINGO is because they have..... . LORD OF THE RINGS penny slot machine! . . If you haven't played, it is so much fun and you can actually make some moola after putting in your $20.  Oh yeah, the sound effects are awesome, fun and it is so interesting!. . It is located close to the hotel registration lobby.
This is not one of my favorite casinos but it has a charm that shouldn't be missed.  It's more old school in looks and fun to be in.
This was my first time in Vegas and I wanted to stay on the strip for a fairly decent price. The Flamingo did not disappoint. . . Our room had an awesome view of the strip. We were on the 24th floor and we were able to see some of the outside shows from out room. The beds we're comfortable and the sheets were clean. My only complaint is that the beds seemed a little small. We asked for 2 queen sized beds and they felt like full-sized ones. The bathroom was clean and we always got good room service. We would leave for a while and when we'd get back our beds would be made. Fresh towels and empty garbage cans.  Overall the rooms were great.. . The service from the employees was good. They were all very helpful and gave us good directions and helped us get our moneys worth. The valet always had a taxi and/or limo available for us, (we were a group of 8). While in the casino, the attendants would bring us drinks and were very attentive. We ate at one of the buffets for breakfast and the food was all very good. It was a little limited in the variety but the quality was satisfactory. . . I had heard many horror stories about Vegas hotels but I am happy to say that my first experience there was a good one. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people and I'd stay here again.
3.5 Stars - and really ONLY for the location.. . If it's your first time in Vegas (as it was mine when I stayed there), let me tell you this: you will be hotel hopping across the strip to check out the interiors - so the hotel you stay in (unless you are getting a suite or having a party in that very hotel) does not really matter.. . If you want to stay in a modern, trendy hotel with lots of young people, gourmet buffets, and exciting gambling adventures... this may not be the place to stay.. . If you want to pay as little as possible to be in the center of the strip and within walking distance of all of the trendy modern hotels... STAY HERE.   It's located right in the middle of everything, there's easy access to all of the hotels, and you'll have more money to spend on all of the other luxuries of Vegas.. . *****Pros:*****. Regular sized rooms (two beds, can fit four people). Central Location. Clean and comfortable rooms. There is gambling and cheap food on the first floor. They usually have a packaged bundles with Spirit Air (saving you even more $). . *****Cons:*****. It's not young and hip. The rooms are not trendy or that well decorated. The hallways are long and confusing on each floor. . . Final verdict: I would definitely stay here again if we were going as a group, with some friends, or just going and wanted to save a bunch of money.  . . If you're looking for the glamour of Vegas that's shown on TV or in Movies - stay elsewhere.  But I'll warn you... prepare to spend a LOT more.
I've stayed here twice.. The first time it definitely seemed super cheesy and I wasn't overly impressed with the room. BUT they seem to have done some renovations because the 2nd time I went all of the rooms were really nice (the bathrooms especially with the glass shower, modern sink and TV imbedded into the mirror).. It may be for the older crowd, but they're definitely re-vamping and it's the best location on the strip- closest to everything.. Also, they offer dog friendly rooms which aren't gross (yaaaay!) and offer a little "potty area" outside which isn't great, but better than nothing.
Dude, this place is legit (not to sound so d-baggy). Here's why.... . 1. Recently remodeled/ upgraded hotel (not swanky--just think an janky old hotel with new floors, decor, tv, and furniture. Be warned--the bathrooms seem to have been left off the remodel list. Old shower/ bath/ fixtures/ toilet. Our sink was actually leaking. . . 2. Clean. No carpet in the the super basic rooms, so I actually feel it's cleaner than one with carpet. Linens were new-ish and still white. No down comforters. Just pink throws that looked like a Muppet was skinned. . . 3. Location. Center of the strip, basically. Quick-ish walk to Miracle Mile Mall, PH, Cosmo/ Marquee, etc. . . 4. Mediocre pizza place right next to the elevators. Umm...can we say, lifesaver?? . . 5. And my favorite...Cost. This place is cheap! We expected a LOT less when we booked, but ended up loving the Flamingo by the end of the weekend. . . Perfect spot for a quicky (cheap!) trip to Vegas with a small group of friends! Will definitely be back whenever we're not trying to pretend we be fancy. Ha! . . Warnings: Walls are PAPER THIN. Wouldn't bring my family to a spot like this. Also, there isn't much of a selection for food...you're going to have to walk outside the hotel if you're trying to eat good in Vegas.
A 3.5 is probably where this goes, but debating between a 3 and a 4 I'd say 4.. . It's a tough rating to give because I also rated Aria a 4 as well, and most people would not put these 2 hotels in the same category.. . However, Aria is advertised as a super luxurious hotel and Flamingo is just another "cheap" hotel on the strip.. . Well, maybe it's because of the low expectations but to me it's a 4. Since it's not that popular, lines weren't an issue. . . The rooms have been upgraded and I think they did a great job. Mediocre beds, they stayed with the color scheme but added some modern twists to it. obviously not the most trendy, but for what you pay for its' a great value. I found the day bed by the window very comfortable to lay on.. . The location is right int he middle of the strip. You can take a walk to Caesar's Forum shops, and planet hollywood's miracle mile pretty easily.. . Downstairs there's a solid cheap late night hamburger spot. Nothing fancy but it's cheap and readily available.. . Casino is nothing to rave about, subpar especially when Caesar's and Bellagio are right there. But if you're balling on a budget, these tables would be the way to go.. . If I  had high expectations of this place. It would probably be a 2. But it's very cheap, especially for its location on the strip.
It's hard to decide how many stars to give the Flamingo.  Location it's a 5, quality of room was a 3.5 (I was in a remodeled room), price is a 4 and hidden fees and services a 2.  I stayed here for 9 days for a convention so I wore out my welcome of walking through a Casino every night and dealing with smoke and noise.  The first 3 days were great and I would definitely stay here again for vacation because how often are you in your room?  I've also heard their pool is halfway decent in the summer.  Nothing wrong really but a lot of better options in Vegas.
The Flamingo has become my new Vegas Hotel.. . Still on a budget, I come here because there is life after Imperial Palace. Lately, I've been booking the Deluxe rooms and upgrading to a nicer room. I have actually never stayed in a Deluxe room.... . A usual weekend booking (Thurs-Sun)  directly from the site will set you back around 250 less than 300. Depending on the time of year, Keep checking back for deals.. . If you can get yourself into a GO-Room, I'd highly recommend it! They are upgraded and have way better amenities like an iPod Dock, Comfier beds with nicer headboards, a couch, Flat Screen TV, and Refrigerator. The Bathroom has a TV in the Mirror, a separate stand up shower and an Tub.  Nicer counter-top and sink. Basically a more upscale room. We also had a  nice View of the Bellagio Fountain show, which was a plus!. . Lately I have been able to upgrade to a Mini-Suite , which has been nice with you have a lot of people. You can easily sleep 5 people, if you sleep someone on the couch. There is like a "living room" space with a coffee table and the couch, We usually use it as "The Bar" the Bathroom is average. There is just a lot more space.. . I'm looking forward to trying out the "Fab rooms." Upgraded rooms with Hardwood floors can only be as awesome as it sounds. (I'll be trying for that the next time I'm in town!!). . Came here during the summer once and Their Pool is pretty cool. Really big (Bigger Than TAO Beach) you can order food and drink and sit pool side listening to music. They often have fun contests and stuff for all the drunk people to participate in!. . The Casino is nice and they have a lot of different Slot Machines and video Slots. Shops and restaurants. . . The Food Court is a Great Place to go when you're drunk and are looking for a bite Johnny Rockets, Nathans hot dogs, some Japanese place... They're open really late or 24 hours... It was like 2 am when we went, I'm not sure if they close. . . I also liked the Buffet, I did the "Buffet of Buffets" last time I was in town and ate at the Flamingo for Breakfast. . . All in All, they have everything I need, for now. And unless I get a better deal elsewhere, I'll keep coming back.
Stayed in a suite. The "suite" part was adjacent.  Huge room! Comfortable bed. Bathtub could have been cooler for a suite, but big enough for two.  Have great food options there. Inexpensive shows.  Can't go wrong staying here!
For all its faults Flamingo is a fantastic hotel. You couldn't ask to be in a better location on the strip, directy across from Cesaer's at the center of the city, the Flamingo is Las Vegas. Sure it is not as modern or as flashy as some of the newer hotels, but you can't beat the price. Valentine's weekend I paid $75 a night and they upgraded us to an executive suite, the room was very modern too except for the bathroom. The view was breathtaking (see photos), alone well worth the money.
I love the GO rooms. I've stayed here twice and both times had an amazing view of the strip. The only thing that sucks is that I do not have cell phone service in the hotel for some reason. Not sure if its sprint or what. Anyway i will stay here again!
Me and my husband went for a mini valentines getaway.  We arrived at the Flamingo around 9pm the line was a bit long it must have been  20 minutes wait. However the long wait is so worth it.  I ask the guy if they can give us a  'good room' , he said just a moment i will ask my manager. After about 3 minutes he came out and said the manager approved to upgrade our room to a mini suite at the 27th floor. We paid about $38 per night for a mini suite.  Its awesome!!. . The room has a classic look, old furnitures, old TV, king size bed with old white headboard. Big  bathroom with a tub. A vanity mirror , and nice toiletries.. There is a big living room with classic furnitures and carpet that is so 70's i felt like im living in a different generation.The view of our room is the pool area and the newer tower that is pink. The place is massive and it is such a wonderful experience.  Thank you Flamingo for the upgrade you made us very very happy.  I will definitely go back to your hotel.
My friends and I stayed at Flamingo during a spring break trip.  Best part was the price.  Really affordable and even cheaper in the beginning of the week.  The customer service during booking and check in was really good.  If you don't want to wait in the long line during check-in, become a rewards member and you will get through much faster.  . . The pool was nice but only one was open during our stay.  It looked like there were two others with water slides and a lazy river.  Awesome!  Too bad we didn't get to use it.  . . They have real flamingos and other birds walking around which was pretty cool to see.  I would only give the buffet 2 stars, but the buffet pass allows you to eat at the other ones that are better.  I would totally stay here again.  Even though we had a basic room, it was everything we needed.  Who hangs out in the room when you are in Vegas anyway?
We love staying at the Flaming Hotel. It's nice and no one tries to knock down the door at 8am trying to get into clean. The only issues I had were: no "Do Not Disturb" sign (had to make our own), they did not resupply us with clean glasses, no free WIFI, and no pen or notepad to write on. Other than those three, we had a nice stay. Hopefully we can stay an extra day to enjoy the pool area.
Wow for young person, I really like this place. People keep saying that it is where all the old people stay. Well I wonder why? It is cheap and in the middle of the strip... walk-able distance to XS and Marquee.  Shoot... for a person who hates exercising, I actually walked to Circus Circus and Mandalay bay. haha. . Okay Let's Break it Down with the Pros first:. . Pros: . -SO CHEAP. I paid $80 for two nights and three days. -small but it's a fun casino...won $240 whoo!. -new CRAPS machine just put in 3 days ago (there's not much pressure here where people dont stare at you and hoping you dont roll a 7...plus i always get scared of throwing the dice across the table and ending up hitting someone in the face..). -the garden right outside the entrance to the hotel rooms....is BEAUTIFUL. there's a huge koi pond and the koi fish is HUGE. and of course there's flamingos!!. . . Cons:. -ghetto ass elevator (in the parking garage)..smells like pee. -elevator inside the hotel is okayyyy....not really a con. made me sick though. -blanket is not thick enough. looks like a regular sheet but a little thicker. and theres this other blanket that is made of fur and colored pink. kinda gross looking. reminds me of a dead flamingo on the bed or something. . well yeah I dont really care if this place is old...i saved tons of money! its not like imma live in that hotel for 3 days straight. Im only there to sleep so its perfect!!
I really love this hotel. I think it's a perfect blend of old school and well....new school.. . The GO rooms are amazing and you will love them. If you step down to the casino you'll feel like it's the 90's. See old and new.. . The pools have slides. I always have the best time at their pool area.. . It's cheap to stay AND you are centrally located AND if you go next door you can grab Subway or Burger King and cheap drinks. Love it!
Go- rooms are a go. Sexy lighting in the bathroom, nice shower, awesome chaise lounge, very comfortable bed, and nice flat screens (one in the bathroom too). . . This is going to be my place to stay from now on when I'm in Vegas. The Flamingo is right on the Strip and the gambling isn't too expensive either. . . The only downside? Super annoying long check in and loud air conditioning in the room. . . Otherwise, love it!
Located on the Strip between Bally's and Harrah's and across from Caesar's Palace, the Flamingo is one of the best values on the Strip, especially because there are no resort fees added to your bill!. . I've been here twice so far. Both times we booked GO Deluxe with View rooms. Recently renovated, small fridge included, comfy beds, cool decor, Strip views. . . Only downside is the opaque glass door to the bathroom, which lights up the room at night unless you want to wear night vision goggles while you use the facilities. You can only see a person's shadow through the doors unless the person presses up against them (we tested it).
Great hotel!! . The rooms are very clean and it's close to everything - you're literally on the strip itself. I'm giving them 4 out 5 stars just because I was staying on the 22nd floor and the cell reception wasn't that good and they didn't have free wifi.. other than that - a great hotel!!!
Make it a GO ROOM. . It's awesome. I red a few reviews about this hotel here and I was a little sceptical to go. Finally we decided to book the GO ROOMS. We had 10 rooms and no complains.. Service was nice, rooms were ok (could be a little cleaner) but the best of all: this hotel was packed with a young crowd ready to partyyyyyyy. Right in the middle of the strip. One of the best pools in Vegas. What do you want more?. I loved it and it will probably stay at the same hotel next time...
Wow, great price for a weeknight stay -- less than $40/night for a room with 2 queen beds. The location is very convenient.  It was an excellent value.  When you're in Vegas, you probably aren't spending most of your time in a hotel room, so who cares if it's not fancy-schmancy?. . The room decor was way cheesy (pink-and-gray everything!), but the room seemed clean.. . My fam ate at the Flamingo hotel buffet for breakfast - they don't recommend it.  You can get a better AND cheaper breakfast buffet if you just go to the Bellagio.
Second best pool in Las Vegas!  Pay the $20, commit to being here all day, and drink the overpriced drinks while 80's and 90's hits are blast from the speakers.  They won't let you bring in your own alcohol (they are nice about it, but they do check), and the pools are fun and creative.  There's one for kids especially, and there's one for adults as well as a water slide.. . We did the massage at the Spa in the Flamingo!  Pretty outstanding.
This is a great bang for your buck on the middle of the strip.  Stayed here May 29-31 in a Fab Luxury Room.  Room was comped, but I know they are way cheap all the time.. . FOR THE PRICE, THIS IS WHY THIS PLACE IS AWESOME (people like to compare it to some 5 star resort, which it is not trying to be):. . *Rooms are clean an spacious.  Recently renovated with wood-look vinyl plank flooring.  Bathrooms were not updated, but are liveable for the short amount of time a normal personal would spend in there.  A/C worked great.  Flat screen TV.  . . *No resort fees. . * Perfect location on the strip, walking distance from all of the big casinos. . *The pools are so fun, great party atmosphere.  Probably not so much fun if you are just looking to relax.   Drinks are expensive, but that's expected at a pool on the strip in LV.. . Bummers:  No in-room coffee maker, my room was so far away from the elevator-I had to walk a mile to get to it, check in line is very long (unless you are a TR member or use the kiosks), internet is $13/day and they block signals from private air cards and such. . . All in all, this place is a steal.  I see the rooms going for $40/night sometimes.  You can't stay in a disgusting Motel 6 in a podunk town for that price!
Stayed in the luxury go room and it was really nice for the price.  This isn't the Wynn people so don't expect as such.  But if you looking for a nice clean room for a decent price on the strip then this is the place.  Location is great as well. The pool was nice with separate  adult only and family friendly pools.
Despite that checking in took forever (I know its Vegas, but this hotel seemed to take the longest) due to only two people checking us regular folk in and two people checking in the fancy/high roller people (that were few and far between), I would definitely stay here again. . . The rooms have be renovated and are great!. We stayed in a Fab Luxury Room and even though there were no pink curtain (I was kind of excited about that), the room was very nice, except for the super tiny bathroom. I'm not sure what the floor were made out of, but I was happy it was carpet, and the new floor made moving furniture really easy. So the bathroom...tiny and not updated. If you plan on staying here with your girlfriends, don't expect to all get ready in the bathroom, its nearly impossible to fit 2 people in there, but hey, its Vegas and you shouldn't be in your room that much anyway. There was no mini fridge and NO COFFEE MAKER! Also, if you like to get ready to music, you need to bring your own iPod dock. They have a crappy alarm clock/stereo that allows you to plug into your headphone jack on your iPod/iPhone/iTouch, but the sound quality is horrendous that you are better off using your speakers on your iWhatever.. . The pools are awesome and get crowded really early. If you can sneak drinks in, do it, otherwise expect to pay $15 for drinks or hit up their bucket special of Miller Lite for $5 for $25. They do have a DJ and dancers for entertainment.. . The location of this hotel on the Strip is perfect. The Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and The Cosmopolitan are all right next door/across the street. Walking in your hooker heels to their Casino's and night clubs are totally doable!
owe.. . I recently just got back from a whirlwind 2 night stay in sin city. The flamingo is so nice!! I really would not have thought the rooms were so cute, with pink and black decor everywhere, as well as it appears the entire hotel may have been recently remodeled. The pool is the selling point. I had a couple of friends staying at the venetian and they both raved how much better our pool was (with plenty of eye candy you wont remember once your picking your self respect off the bathroom floor of an unidentified hotel room...FYI- the bathroom floors are like REALLY hard T_T) Maybe i havent been to vegas is a while but HOLY WHOLE IN MY WALLET, everything is expensive! The first night we went pretty hard and needed to grab some eats; we headed to carlos n charlies (i think because it was the first food place i saw out of the elevator...) and ordered a chicken quesadilla and a cheeseburger. That was a $42 dinner. The next day I enjoyed a $13 lunch (for panda express type stuff). Pretty redic. . Oh, you cant bring outside food or drink to the pool, NO BUENO. The drinks are $17-$24. And even if you buy it in the 'souvenir' cup you cant bring that cup back in the next day, you have to get a new one. Thats pretty weak yo. . . I've also never experienced a louder hotel room. We were on the 17th floor and could hear the street traffic all night. The floors are hardwood so maybe that played a roll but it was an odd sound since most of those hotels have sound proof windows.... . All in all i really enjoyed my stay (that I can remember) and will return; probably soon since someones going to need to pay that VD bill from the doctor I will undoubtable have thanks to the pool. mmmm salty.
We stayed at this hotel on the week of June 18, 2012. We decided to book this room because it was at the center of the strip. . . We arrived at the hotel around 5pm. The check-in process was extremely slow since there weren't enough employees working. It took a total of maybe 3 minutes from the time I gave her my I.D to getting my room key. . . Our room is located in the Habitat tower. Our room was located all the way at the end of the hallway. . . As for the room itself, it looks simple and modern. I love the hardwood floor. This is my first time staying in a hotel room with a hardwood floor. I love that they use hardwood floor instead of carpet.. . I had an opportunity to swim at the GO pool and recorded a full tour of how the GO Pool looks like. So if you guys want to see how the pool looks like click on my video below:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbYqrzkfSjQ. . They also have a family friendly swimming pool with 2 slides. It quite small compare to the GO Pool for adult..
I stayed here during my business trip and frankly, it was better than I expected.. . The hotel is huge and the check in line takes forever.  It took me an hour.  When my boss checked in in the evening, it took her an hour too! My room was very clean and had some cute pink curtains and a pink throw.  The room and bathroom were very spacious.  The thing I liked the most was the floor- it was a dark brown and foamy which is perfect after walking around all day in heels! . . I liked all the pink touches and the flamingos in this hotel! Very cute. . . I've heard good things about the pool but I didn't have time to check it out.  It's got a great location in the middle of the strip and the monorail is a really short convenient walk away. . . Let me put it this way: Flamingo is no 5-star hotel but for it's price and 3-star status and compared to other hotels of its caliber, I think it's great and I would totally stay here again!
SUMMARY: I think the Flamingo is great value for the money and if you're expecting a 3 or 3.5 star hotel with a younger crowd and a lively atmosphere at night I'd definitely consider the Flamingo with one of their GO rooms.. . The Flamingo has a great location in the centre of the strip. There is currently some construction on one side as they have tore down O'Sheas and are working around the Imperial Palace however my room did not face this side so I don't know if the noise affects the guest rooms.. When we arrived the valet parking stated it was already full for the day and it was only about 1:30pm. We came by cabso I'm unsure whether or not there was a self parking option however it's something to keep in mind.. Upon check-in there was a massive lineup and we proceeded to "Self Check In" through their kiosks where we then discovered there was a line for all Total Rewards members (not just Platinum or whatever higher levels there are). This was something I haven't seen at other hotels so definitely bring your Total Rewards card and use this check-in/check-out line. This would definitely be a drawback from the Platinum/higher level members because they'll have to wait in line with the Gold-tier members.. We booked a GO room and my friend booked a FAB room. The GO room was completely renovated with a separate shower/tub, TV in the bathroom, Denon sound system, large flat screen TV in the bedroom, motorized curtains, etc. The FAB room was renovated EXCEPT for the washroom. It had some sort of faux wood floors. The room was nice but we all agreed the GO room was better (and it was less than the FAB room).. The casino is nice, clean and lively at night, filled with mostly young people at night. The downside is that it is busy at night if you want to play table games or one of the popular slot machines.. We found little to no noise in our GO room at night and couldn't hear any of our neighbours. Our AC kept the room nice and cool and functioned great. The room service appears to come rather early in the morning (before 9:00am), however we put out the "do not disturb" tag and were left alone.. . Overall I think the Flamingo is great value for the money. It's not a five star luxury resort and does not try to be, so don't book a room/suite there and expect it to be like theHotel. I'm not sure I would go for a Deluxe room because the cost to get a GO room is only a little more and seeing some of the dated parts of the hotel I can only imagine how dated those rooms are. I would stay at the Flamingo again in a GO room because of it's location and price, however if you're looking for a more relaxing/quiet experience in your vacation you might want to look towards a different casino with a more mature crowd. If you're expecting a 3 or 3.5 star hotel with a younger crowd and a lively atmosphere at night I'd definitely consider the Flamingo with one of their GO rooms.
We were 4 people in one room. We booked a deluxe room. Later we got an email that we can upgrade to a go luxury room with strip view for $20 which we did. Our room was great. We could see Bellagio's dancing water from our huge window (from the bottom to the ceiling). We had a Tv in our bathroom mirror. Everything was very clean, the beds were comfortable. We had shampoo and conditioner, soap and towels in the bathroom etc. So It was pretty good what we got for the money:) The front desk was busy but nice and friendly. The pool area was good. They had towels there so you don't have to bring the ones for your room. The only downside: no free wifi, it's about $10 a day!
Actually this review is for the buffet. Hidden jewel to us. We did the Rio buffet (pretty good), hit Harrahs that was good but Flamingo for lunch had no line and the food was on point. July 4th and no crowd? Nice
We stayed in one of the renovated GO rooms and for two nights, it came out to $180. This was the first time I have stayed in a gaming hotel and it was really great. The location of the hotel can't be beat, parking was free, and if you are a Total Rewards member, you can check-in/out way faster than the rest of the hotel guests. There arevarious eateries (a steakhouse, pizza window, cafe, buffet, and coffee shop). . . The room was VERY nice. The bed was comfortable, room decorated very modern and we had a nice view. We did have an incident at 5:30 a.m. this morning that the group of girls in the room next to us kept shrieking and screaming in excitement for 15-20 minutes. My husband called the front desk and security promptly handled it. We were very pleased. . . The only small complaint I had was that they tout no resort fees but you had to pay for the internet. Other than that, I loved the hotel and look forward to staying here in the future.
The Flamingo is the perfect hotel to stay at if you're looking for a great location at a low price. My friends and I went for one of our 21st birthdays and it was great. We were a close distance from all the other hotels/clubs/bars/pool parties. Even the 21+ pool @ the hotel was a good time.. . The rooms could be cleaner, but we were 4 girls in one room celebrating a birthday. Needless to say, we were barely in the room, so it wasn't in issue. (our room had a TON of mirrors, so that made it very convenient before going out). . The Flamingo is right next to Margaritaville (great drinks) and a saloon/bar/casino place where we played beer pong til 6am...so a great location for younger people.. . There weren't beach chairs when we got to the pool but we parked ourselves infront of a cabana bed with no problem, and because no one was using the bed after a certain time, we were able to claim it for free!. . Everyone was nice and accommodating, especially when we kept losing room keys. I wouldn't stay here again, just because I'd want to experience all the other great hotels in Vegas, but I would definitely recommend it.
I have stayed here 3 times (basically on all my Vegas trips). I keep promising myself to try a new hotel every time but I land up here nevertheless. The location just cannot be beat. It is right in the center of the strip with loads of action in its casino. The rooms are ok. They recently updated some of their rooms and even though it says hardwood floors in its description, it is just floor paper/tiles designed to look like hardwood. This gives kind of a cheap feeling but for the price and no resort fees Flamingo just seems like a logical choice.. . There rewards program pretty much sucks but the cheaper rooms make up for it.
Great on a budget!  We read all the reviews..Yelp!...Trip Adviser...you name it...so we decided on the GO Room and that I HIGHLY recommend as the other parties in our group did not, they went with the Fab Rooms (one the deluxe aka view of the strip, the others with the regular Fab Room) and were let down.  I'll start with their room reviews then go on to our room - . Fab Rooms. - They told you on the phone the rooms had wood floors when in actuality had wood looking tile floors. In my opinion I like that better than carpet (which was in ours).  Seems a bit cleaner.  . - They had odd "shag" like covers on the bed - a half blanket - that looked like it had been made with the hotel.  . -  No fridge . - The BATHROOMS were GROSS!  Super old and not renovated - they did throw in some marble looking slabs on the counters but not measured right or something as there was a gap between the wall and the sink - as well as one on the floor with the tile and there was tons of old trash stuck in there.  . - AC worked great . - Beds weren't terribly uncomfortable. . - View of Ceaser's Palace, not a lot of the strip, just a roof and Ceaser's Palace. (Deluxe Room - the other room just faced a roof and some of the trees over animal area. . . Now for the GO Rooms:. -  They are carpeted as I said above however our carpet wasn't stained or dirty.  Though I will admit there was an odd odor coming out of thecorner of the closet.  -  The beds are SO nice and comfy! Pillowtop!! The pillows left a lot to be desired so I was glad we ended up in a room w/ 2 Queen sized beds so I had more of a variety to choose from.  . -  There is a TV in the bathroom mirror (of course we never used) and a nice big one in the room.  There is a fridge and a coffee maker with decent coffee!   . - Bathroom itself was new and clean with a huge shower, cute sink, lots of space and a mid body shower head!  . - AC worked great! . - The view was decent as well - we were on the 16th floor and overlooked a zebra painted rooftop, the wedding ceremony area, and some of the pool and trees.  . Oh and I do have to say when people say the walls are thin they are NOT kidding!  The walls are terribly thin, you can easily hear your neighbors and the doors are so heavy they slam shut every time!  We were all on different floors (10th, 14th and 16th) and all had the same problem.. . The staff was helpful and nice at the hotel.  Only played some slots in the casino - there was a Hangover game and some genie game we did well at.  And next door is a cute little casino -  the Margaritaville Casino.  While I will not recommend Margaritaville itself (refer to my review on that page) I would recommend the It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere bar!  The bartenders are awesome and 'tend with "flair!" They definitely have tricks up their sleeves.  Our bartender, Sooshey (I hope I spelled that right), was awesome and could poor a quite tasty, quite colorful waterfall of kamikazes!  . . The pool is also very nice and large, not a lot of chairs so get there by 8am if you want one.  Also, security does search through all of your bags so you might as well bring as little as possible and you must be 21 to enter into the GO Pool area.  Drinks are pricey but we found that they did a $5 special on Blood Marys until 11am.  . . What else, what else - oh yeah internet is $13.99 /day / laptop and my T-Mobile 3G hardly ever worked in the room.  Easy checkout if you already paid for your stay (we used BookIt.com), via TV in your room or drop your key in the pink box in the lobby.  Easy to catch a shuttle to and from the airport.  They will check your baggage though they employees WILL expect a tip and they will be VERY verbal about it.  We are good about tipping but the things some of the employees said to others made me not even want to tip them!  . . Again I think a solid 4 stars.  If the price is right we'd stay here again.
This place is a gem for the price you pay. . -Yes, it's older. -Yes, The parking and valet can be a PIA. -Yes, the tv in the room is not user friendly. But I still enjoy this place every time.. The location is close to everything I enjoy most about Vegas. We did a cabana at the pool. This pool is vibrant, and more my speed as opposed to some of the other pool parties available in Vegas. The servers are all friendly. The music is good. One thing that does SUCK is the restrooms. There's even a line for mens (unheard of). I understand its by the pool, but I hated going to the restroom because you always feel like you're standing in a lake. The pool party itself was pretty good. I had a blast. Despite the many options available in Vegas, I always end up just going to the Flamingo.. . The room (Go Room). Check the website for a hotel description. My thoughts: Fairly clean. A deep cleaning of the carpets in the room (and hallways for that matter) wouldn't hurt. The TV programming sucks. Obviously I didn't come to Vegas to watch TV, but even while in the room (in between outings) the channel lineup makes no sense. Also, I don't think they've ever had cords to plug in your Iphone for music. Knowing this, I brought my own speaker. The fridge (not available in the fab rooms) is clutch if you plan on bringing your own libations, and/or taking back leftovers for future consumption.. . I would and will return. Do yourself a favor. Don't go in expecting the Four Seasons or motel 6. Accept the experience for what it is, and you'll enjoy it that much more.
We recently traveled to Vegas with a group of 10 people to celebrate birthdays and get silly in the desert. Mrs. M and myself have stayed at the Flamingo several times before and found it to be a good value In terms of price, gambling stakes and location on the strip.. When checking in for the love of God, do yourself a favor and use the self check kiosks. The lines are ridiculous at almost all hours but the kiosks always seem to be empty for some odd reason.. When checking in, Greg helped us out with the process but the machines went down so he took us into the private area for VIP's and there we found out that they lost our reservation for an upgrade to a Go Mini Suite. This was not good since our room was going to be the starting point for partying and we needed some space. I explained this to the check in person and she worked with her manager to get us into a junior neopolitan suite at the same price.. The room was great with two bathrooms, a wonderful view of the pool and garden area and a few couches to sit on while we had our warm up beverages. The only draw back was the smell of the hallway in the evenings which gave the aroma of cat urine. Thankfully the room didn't.. The casino is great at The Flamingo, the stakes are near the lowest you can get and most dealers are pretty cool. We were a large group and could get a little silly and most were tolerant of our loudness and occasional salty language, however a few did give us warnings to tone it down.. The pool is still beautiful is it was a few years ago, but the theme is very different with the booty shaking contest and people swimming around all loaded trying to hook up. I wish it was little more upscale and relaxing, but I guess they aren't trying to appeal to middle age people very much these days.. Checkout was smooth thanks again to the kiosks as the line up on Sunday morning was crazy long. The same fellow who checked us in, Greg, was there to help. When I was done I tipped him and asked if he could help to get my wife to the front of the bag check line and he was more than happy to oblige so I could get back to some final partying with my brother who was set to leave in a short time.. Flamingo I love you, you introduced me to Vegas almost 10 years ago. Although you have changed over the years, you still create wonderful memories for myself, my wife and my friends and family. I can't wait to come back and there is no doubt I will stay there again.
First time visiting Vegas and I had the pleasure of staying at the Flamingo. The room I stayed at didn't have that fancy of a view, so 1 star off. Other than that I was sooo lucky to stay here. Blacked out wasted and ended up being woken up by security. I'm sure this is a normal occurrence for them, and very irritating for them but they seemed to be very understandable. He helped me find the elevator and asked if I was ok. (Probably normal procedure but still caught me off guard...) I got to my room to notice that I lost my glasses and my iPhone. It's lost, gone I thought. I called my phone and security said they found it and to come down to "lost and found" when I "sobered up and got some rest." I didn't expect them to hand over my phone right away. Yes, I did have to sign something and do some verification but it's all appreciated. I mean, I don't want them to hand over my phone to just any asshole that claims to lost a phone.. . Omg and the pool party is sooooo much fun!. . Overall, very satisfied with my stay and I'll def check in here again.
I would have given it three stars as they are currently building a Ferris wheel outside our window.  So everyday at 4 :45 AM the sounds of beeping and trucks moving around started.  . . I know the floor is not wood but it looked like it and at least I could see if the floor was clean.  Also, the room smelled fresh everyday and I think that's because you don't have the typical old carpet smells.. . Margaritaville is a part of this hotel/casino so that increased the rating by one star.  I love me some Jimmy Buffett.  . . Also, the bar called Sin City sells a very flavorful porter.  Very tasty and made me loose some money as I had to drink two "free" drinks.  So tasty.  . . It is a simple hotel and and I enjoyed my stay here.
Great location, good casino, good fun. Our stay was pretty good, our rooms were decent and clean. Housekeeping was on point for 2 of the rooms we booked. If only they were a fridge in the room. We brought our cooler and fill it with ice. They do have a ice machine located near the elevators which is a good thing. If you don't have a total rewards card I suggest you sign up for it. It makes checking in and out a lot easier. The pool well it wasn't all awesome as I expected it to be. If you have kids they get the smaller pool while the adults get the bigger and nicer pool. The only thing good about the kids pool is the slide and that's about it. By the way there's a charge for Internet and no phone services in the room which is why I give it a 4 star.
Our friends got married on a Wednesday so we were lucky to score the mini-suite for $135 a night on a Wednesday and Thursday night.  The room was newly decorated and huge.  It was very clean, included a fridge, a couch, table, a king bed with the most comfortable pillows and comforters I've ever felt in any hotel, and there was even a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom.  I watched the Olympics while taking a bath- awesome.  There is a large flat screen in the living room area and another one next to the bed that pulls out and you can adjust where to put in.  The view looked over the entire pool area. No rooms are facing each other so it's very private.  It also must be very sound proof because I don't remember hearing anything outside of the room while in it. One last note about the room is that it's open concept.  If you want to get together with friends before heading out this room is a perfect place to host (more seating on the over-sized modern couch at the end of the bed).. . The 21+ pool area was lots of fun.  Go early if you want a chair though because guests that stay at Bill's can also use the pool so it fills up quick.. . The only reason I left a star off was that the hallways could use a paint job & one morning we picked up some fruit there that was frozen/spoiled.  We took it to the pool and there is no food allowed in the pool area (yet drink options are plentiful). So we sat outside to eat some of it to find it was gross.
YOUR GUIDE TO A SUCCESSFUL FLAMINGO HOTEL STAY. . After pretty much reading nothing but negative reviews I think I need to share what I think makes for a great Flamingo Hotel experience.  We have done an annual man-cation here for the last 4 years in July and  I don't have a single complaint and below are a couple reasons why.  I do understand the Flamingo can be a little difficult to navigate and in some aspects has kind of turned into a In and Out Burger type establishment where you need to know the secret menu but here is your secret menu:. . 1.  This is the FLAMINGO so you are already setting yourself up for failure if you go in expecting the Wynn or some other fancy hotel I have only seen the outside of.  Wrap your head around that before booking at this hotel.  I am not someone who subscribes to the theory of just getting a crap hotel because you are never in it.  I want a good bed and nice shower even if I do plan on being in the room 6 hours over the course of 3 days.  You can still get a quality room at the Flamingo if you know what you are doing. . 2.  BOOKING A ROOM:. When you get a room spend the extra money and get a Go Room.  Don't pay for the upgrade for the rooms with the crap fake wood floor.  A Go Room I say.  Don't pay for a suite unless you are already in a gambling mood.  Some can be great and others can look like an apartment circa 1972.  Getting a standard room is like asking for your room to smell of cat urine and vomit.  Again if you are in the gambling mood give it a whirl.  The Go Rooms are clean for the most part and modern.  Good shower and bed with an I pod docking station for listening to good jams before you go out.. . 3.  CHECKING IN:. This can be a cluster mess of epic proportion if you allow it but follow this method and you will be good to go and laughing at the individuals in line for hours having a breakdown. We do this every year and have not had a problem yet.  First, DO NOT arrive at check in time and actually do not check in after 1pm ever.  Figure out a way to get there early.  Last year we tried to check in at 8am.  Of course we couldn't but that is not the point.  If you are flying to Vegas have the cab driver drop you off at the Valet and call over a bell hop.  If you drive to Vegas go to the Valet and call over a bell hop.  The bell hop will take your bags and give you a ticket.  First problem already solved.  Now you have just avoided being the people carrying their luggage through the hotel running into trash cans and small children along the way.  The people with their luggage on the Strip are hopeless so forget about them. Now you may be able to check in early for a small fee and if so great, you simply call down when you get to your room and your bags arrive and everybody is happy.  Now if you are like us and try to check in at 8am this is never going to work but what you will do is knock out everything that is needed with the front desk so when you come back at 3pm or whenever you go into a different line.  A few minutes an then you get your room key and are done because you have already completed the credit card/ID crap.  When you try and check in too early at the front desk they will point out this separate line for you to get in later in the day.. . 4.  The POOL:  First of all RIP to the small pool which used to be the 21 and over pool and was topless at one time.  Nobody actually went topless, well a few people did but you get the idea.  So the large pool is 21 and up and the small pool is for families.  Families this hotel is really not the place for you.  You might think the location is great but I have about a million reasons why you should not stay here with the little ones. The Flamingo pool scene is good times and it is not the whole Encore pool scene vibe.  Get there early really early if you are the kind of person who wants a chair.  Remember this pool is also open to Bill's guest as well so the chairs fill up quick.  We usually pay the $200 and get the day bed for the day and there you have a home base to place your things, sit, lay or whatever you little heart desires.  It comes with a couple of free drinks or a bucket of beers.  You are in direct line for the booty shaking contest in the afternoon as well.  It is kind of cheesy but everyone is having a good time so just cheer for the brave girls who get up there and shake that thang.   The pool is big enough so although everyone is peeing it really does not effect you or at least me. I will say the vibe at the pool was a little weak this past year.  I thought the DJ just turned it to the local FM top 40 station and called it a day.  I am not trying to hate at all but the crowd did look a little rough around the edges.  You know what I am talking about.  Some really LARGE white people with their umbrella drink in one hand and a basket of whatever nasty mess they ordered at the snack shop in the other.  Still plenty of good looking people.  Hope this helps
ok...so i realize its not really a 5 star hotel..but come on people, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. if you want a hotel like the bellagio, then pay for a room at the bellagio. . . I for one did not want to spend 150+ a night. so instead i spent 120 dollars for 3 nights at the flamingo for an impromptu getaway with my boyfriend. and for that kind of money, it was BOMB!. . so what did i get for the 120?. . i got what i think was a double bed GO room, even though i booked a single bed cheap room which was a nice surprise. apparently they ran out of king size beds so we got a free upgrade. some cons about the room were that one of the lamps wouldnt turn on and there were two MYSTERIOUS yellow drops on our rug....(we are going to assume the worst and say it was barf?) didn't complain about the "barf" tho becuz i didn't feel like switching rooms. Another thing about the room was that it was facing the parking garage for the imperial palace, which was also going to be demolished at 3am. We had gotten a note apologizing for the inconvenience, and to a lot of people i'm sure it would have been, but for me and my boyfriend it was the coolest thing about the room! and believe me, watching that garage go down was really exhilarating! other aspects of the room like the size gets a 5, cleanliness(other than barf rug) and decorations deserve a solid 4. (again, remember, we are only paying 20 dollars a night per person.... REALLY not that bad) . . we also got a free coupon booklet that had all these buy one get one free deals which was nice. i mean, the deals were mostly "buy a (cheap hotel name) buffet and get one free" really not that great of food i know. but think about it, me and my boyfriend were literally paying 15 dollars for 2 people's dinners. i mean the food tastes like 15 dollar food, but i am also only paying half of that. and having as much frozen yogurt that i wanted. definitely worth the money. it also had coupons for the shops in the forum which was nice, and a coupon even for the rio buffet which was EXTREMELY NICE, but this is about the flamingo..... . i also really liked the flamingos LOCATION. right across the street from my favorite sites in vegas which are serendipity 3 (ate there 2 of the three days) and the forum! it was also right next to my favorite cheap gambling hotel which was bills gamblin' saloon (lots of 5 dollar blackjack tables open!) its also in the middle of the strip and within walking distance of the bellagio's water show, and TI's pirate ship.. . aspects of the flamingo itself i liked were of course the bird garden zoo thing (even tho it smelt of bird poop) and the pool was pretty nice for what it was.. . now the flamingo loses a star because of customer service, or lack there of. checking in and out is a slow, time consuming process. I remember at caesars palace it was maybe 2 minutes. here it was a good 15 minutes and we were only 4 groups from the front. also, the first day we were there they didnt have any of the coupon booklets available so i had to go back the next day which wasn't a problem. the problem was when i did go back, i stood aside waiting for the next available person becuz my question was going to take a grand total of 5 seconds. they tried to get me to stand in the check in line again and i refused to because i wasn't going to wait half an hour! i went up after a women was done with her customer and instead of doing the customer service thing and asking what she could help me with, she ignored me. it was ridiculous. i know she thought i was rude for coming up to her even though she hadnt called me up and i know she assumed i just wanted to cut everyone else in line(which was true) but still. even when you think your customer is being rude they are still your customer and you do what you can. I am also in customer service and i know how aggravating it is when someone does that, but i also know that i still help them with the same level of service becuz its my fucking job! im not there to teach them manners, thats not why i'm paid. i'm paid to shut my mouth and help and that woman needs to learn that.. . however i'm sure that was an independent persons response to me and not the flamingos fault, but they should be more aware of the people they have working for them.. . . overall i thought the flamingo was worth every dime i spent there. and that is why i rated it so highly
Just recently stayed at the Flamingo and I am SO GLAD I DID. I stayed 2 nights (monday, and tuesday) and got a GO Deluxe room for $35 a night which I thought was pretty awesome. And they gave us a coupon book with lots of good deals. . . The room was a wonderful 65 degrees all the time, had a tv in the bathroom mirror so you could soak in the tub and watch tv at the same time. Funky cool pink paint and lights in the bathroom also. Nice view of the pool, curtains were opened and closed automatically with a switch on the wall. The room was very clean, big and fresh. . . The flamingo is in a great spot on the strip making it easy to see lots of stuff.. .  I only went in the 21+ pool area it was busy but fun, and very large. The drinks were expensive to me, bout $15 for a margarita but I swear that was the best freakin margarita I've ever had in my life!!. . I signed up for the Total Rewards card and that was cool because I got discounts in the shops, restaurants, AND got to go in a separate line for check-in so I didn't have to wait like everybody else =D Its free to sign up and well worth it. . Third day of the trip I tried out the buffet there, the Paradise Garden Buffet. It was not crazy big, but it had a good selection. I went for lunch and there was a taco area, pizza, fried chicken, salad bar, shrimp, orange chicken, chocolate fountain, a woman making fresh crepes etc. Used one of the coupons from the book we received at check-in, plus my total rewards card, and ended up paying $27 for 2 people lunch buffet (soft drinks included). Plus they were advertising all you can drink beer/wine for an extra $10 bucks if you are into that.. . The casino dealers were very nice and explained the rules and walked me through the games being a 1st time gambler. . . Hotel was very clean from rooms to lobby, pool etc, there are always people around cleaning.. . I only have 2 complaints: . . 1. the morning we were checking out, check out is at 11am. I went to take a shower at 10am and there was no hot water. The past couple days I took a few showers there were no issues so I'm not sure what happened, but I didn't make a big deal we were leaving anyhow.. . 2. the restaurant Carlos and Charlies--Terrible, don't go there. Its inside the Flamingo, and although the decor is nice the food is substandard and pricey. Chips and Salsa is not free if you want it its an appetizer. I got a burrito which is $15 (who the heck charges that much for a freakin burrito?!?!) and it was not good at all. Green sauce was way to spicy, chicken tasted like it was from mcdonalds. Chipolte is higher class and better quality. . OVERALL.....the flamingo is a nice clean fun place to stay that is in a great location without breaking a college budget. Go Flamingo or go home. lol =)
I booked a Go Deluxe room for my friend's bachelorette party and I was pleased with it.  The room itself was really cute with the vinyl headboards and pink stripe wallpaper, we had a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and got a pretty good discounted rate by booking directly on their site. The bathroom door was weird (it wouldn't stay open, it would just slowly creep closed no matter what) and you could kind of see through it but none of us were too bothered. No free wifi but that seems to be standard.  Always found parking in the garage and as people have said it's located pretty centrally.  The driveway is really stupid though- you have to drive between the Flamingo and Bill's Gamblin' Hall and there are tons of people walking between the two and you just have to plow ahead and hope the drunk people don't get themselves run over!  I asked at the front desk for a cot and they gave me kind of a weird answer- if you don't get one delivered in 5 minutes then it means we can't. Okay...well, we got one, it was apparently terribly uncomfortable, I think the little couch we had would have been much better to sleep on but no one would believe me!  The flamingo habitat was a little underwhelming, I think it might be under construction.  But overall I thought it was a perfectly nice place to stay and I liked that it has a little old-school Vegas flava versus some of the other strip hotels.. . Also worth noting is the positive experience I had at one of the shops -Flamingo Apparel.  I way underpacked for my trip and didn't have anything the least bit flashy to wear but walking past this store and I saw amid all the sparkly older lady fashions (like Chico's but Bedazzled) this kinda gaudy but cute maxi dress on sale for $29.99 which was just what I needed! They actually had a whole rack of cute maxi dresses on sale and the saleslady was so extremely friendly and helpful I knew I needed to Yelp it! I was shocked that my deep discount dress purchase awarded me such excellent customer service!
Fun place! I'm no hotel snob so I found the Flamingo to be really reasonable for the price and location. The driveway to get into the hotel parking is kind of dumb - you're fighting the foot traffic between the Flamingo and Bill's so we waited for what seemed like forever before flooring it and almost knocking some people out the way. Once at the parking structure we almost weren't allowed in because we didn't have a room key because we hadn't yet checked in, but seeing all our luggage in the backseat was sufficient enough, thank goodness. We had booked a Go Room with two queen beds for myself, my husband and a friend. Check-in was slooooww with only one line for people checking in and out. The woman who was supposed to be checking us in was RUDE. Her name started with an "M" and she had black hair.. just try not to end up at her window if you can help it because she gave us the hardest time.  . . Finally we got into our rooms. After waiting 30 minutes for the bellboy to bring up our things, we called down to see what the holdup was. "10 more minutes, there's one more guest ahead of you," we were told. 30 more minutes and another phone call later our bags arrived. That put a small damper on our eagerness to start partying right away but we got over that quickly. Our room had the most amazing view of the Strip and the Bellagio fountains. With small mirrored panels above each bed complete with those naked Hollywood bulbs surrounded by an all-white bed frame and headboard, the room had a bit of a retro-futuristic feel. The bathroom was cool with a sliding frosted door and a TV inside the mirror. . . The pool party on Saturday morning was just as we expected it to be - an overly warm pool overflowing with drunken 20 somethings. The vibe was energetic and fun, and the grotto area with the waterfalls was really fun. There was also a booty shaking contest which really got everyone riled up... I see a Vegas baby boom from that weekend in the near future. . . The WiFi here sucks. The hallways trip me out - I don't know if it's the colors of the huge number of rooms stretching endlessly, but when you're intoxicated beware! It could be hard to find your room.. personal experience.The lobby and casino were constantly bustling - quick tip: buy your bottles of water and other drinks elsewhere because the beverage shop inside the casino on your way out to the Strip charges about $4.50 for a bottle of water. Although desperate times call for desperate measures.. . Overall, the Flamingo is a decently budget-friendly hotel and we would stay here again!
I also reviewed the Flamingo on Trip Adviser but figured I'd do a Yelp as well.  I stayed there for the LVBDI over Sept 5-8 and had a group convention rate.  Even with the regular rates for the Flamingo, it still stays firmly in the mid-priced hotel range for the strip.  With the amenities it has (pool, spa, food court, restaurants, garden area) it really is a good value for the money.  Yes, it's old and the renovation didn't seem to take care of the hallway carpet or the bathroom cabinets, but if you're looking for new then you've come to the wrong hotel.. . I had a FAB room with two beds that looked out on the strip and it was perfectly acceptable and cleaned each day.  The walls are thin and the large window area does let in some noises from the strip so bring ear plugs if you're a light sleeper.. . With check-in/out, I had a diamond card as one of the convention directors so the VIP check-in was quick and easy.  If you don't have a diamond card and do not need any kind of consideration with your room, try the automated check-in/out that is to the side of the hotel check in desk.  I used that last year and it was much better than standing in the long line.. . As already noted, as they work on the Linq construction the parking garage and valet is only for the hotel guests and convention attendees.  However, Bill's right next door usually has open spots and is an easy walk right to the casino.  Note that the best access to the garage and valet is not off Las Vegas Boulevard but at the back of the casino off Audrie Street.
This review is souly for the Go Rooms, which is an upgraded room and you pay a little more than a standard room.. . Man, I remember when we were rushing to check-in because it was minutes away from the start of our The Beatles Love show at the Mirage and the front desk lady offered us if we wanted to upgrade for a Go Room, and was like who cares! check us in quick! and guess what? I'm glad that we made that rash decision because these Go Rooms are nice!. . I kinda felt like Austin Powers staying in one of them, striped pink walls, hot pink lights in the bath its psychedelic! We even had the view of the strip (of course the view is amazing!) and to top off our nightlife we went dancing the night away at the Carnaval Court Bar just outside the Harrah's, not too far from the Flamingo. Our main event was to be at Beatles Love and Im glad that we where able to make it to the show on-time!  . . Staying at one of the Go Rooms complimented our overall experience to remember. Checkout the Flamingos outside the courtyard, beautiful.
You get what you pay for. The rooms we stayed in were outdated and the furniture inside has seen better days. The location and staff were great! If you want something on the cheaper side, this is the place.. . Just don't expect TOO much (i.e fans in the bathroom, extra towels or toiletries, extra seating in the room, a fridge, internet, cell phone reception etc...)
Ok So i am a review hog! i will read reviews on an establisment months in advance of staying somewhere. I went for a three day weekend for my birthday a trip to LV from NY and i knew this time around i had to be in the middle of the strip. last time i was here i stayed at excalibur also not  a bad place but defianatly to far down the strip for my taste.. . FLAMINGO FAB LUXURY ROOM: NOT bad at all this is why;. 1. My room was cleaned everyday i was there and i had fresh towels. 2.i stayed in the habitat tower not sure if there are any other towers but this tower was close to all exits to move around easily.. 3. the decor is what it is updated to an extent but really lets be serious how much TIME do you really spend in your room in vegas?. 4. i did understand the old bathroom reviews for this room and i did see the chiped paint and wished there was a fan in the bathroon (i hate a foggy mirror) but again for a short fun weekend jumping in and out a shower before hitting the strip takes under an hour right? i loved the full leghth mirror in the bathroom while getting ready great feature for anyone.. 5. ok so my view of the strip from my FAB Luxury room was not the most fab i was able to see ceasars across the street a bit of the mirage and a bit or the street again i was not wasting my fun time in a room glaring out a window instead of being outside. i did liked the fact that i can see club PURE which i hit up from my room window before going :).. . So the food court not bad there are a ton of places to eat in vegas but when you just want to have some wings or a good burger Johny Rocket was ther to save the day for me. i tried the BUFFET at the FLAMINGO for BREAKFAST and let me just say IDK what is wrong with people and there reviews but its really hard to mess up breakfast. The buffet was not bad it was not fabulous but it was ok be prepared to wait on a line for that as well, as everyone has stated the best part is grabing a seat by the windows to enjoy the early sunshine and koi fish swinmming around great view to start the day.. . THE FLAMINGo GO POOL:. . 1. i read the reviews to go early i did and grabed 2 seats left something on them and when i came back my stuff was gone and someone took our seats than argued with us smh if you know me security had to be called :/ but offered me any 2 seats for the next morning and i could come down after the early morning rush and have the seats i want thanks Mr. Security guard( i didt make it down the next day but thanks).. . 2. the water was a bit colder than i expected.. 3. i did not see any beer bottle are cups floating around the pool.. 4. Music was  not bad not great but not the worst.. 5. Didt stay for the booty shaking contest and the party crowd i was expecting was not as live as i was anticipating.. . Overall not a bad place to stay in the middle ofthe strip the staff was friendly and i had easy checkout with a guy with an ipad it took less than a minute to check out and drop my cards in a little box, i was also givin a free hour longer for check out which worked out great :)
CONS:. Parking situation sucked.  VALET WAS FULL but when we self-parked there were tons of spaces at 2:00am.. They layout is odd, so there's one bank of elevators and they are small elevators.. $6 for a draft beer? . . PROS:. Laminate flooring in renovated rooms.. Very clean.. Good price ($99).. No resort fees.. In the heart of the strip.. Desk staff was nice.. . I would definitely stay here again because the location and the price appeals to the gamblers and non-gamblers in our group.
Summary:  Stay here if you want the cheapest name-brand hotel with the perfect location right in the middle of the strip.  Do not stay here if you want a luxury hotel.  . . The Flamingo gets a "split" review.  I give them 5 stars on location and price but as a stand-alone hotel they only get 2 stars...for me that breaks down to 4 stars overall because when you go to Vegas location means everything and this hotel is in the center of the strip.  If you want a luxury hotel, go somewhere else.  But if you want a cheap hotel this is the best option...because to get anything cheaper you'd have to go off the strip then that defeats the purpose of the whole vacation.. . Downsides:. 1.  Parking garage is poorly marked.  The sign said Flamingo guests could park on floors 3-5.  Starting on the third floor the spots were marked reserved for "FHRC" guests so we parked there.  When we checked in I asked if that was for Flamingo Hotel Resort and Casino guests and the clerk didn't know.  She was not helpful in getting an answer, after I pressed it she called someone else and they determined they thought those spots were for the Hilton Vacation resort guests.  We went and moved our car to a higher level and there were no reserved signs.  It got resolved, but the first sign should not have said that guests could park on the third floor and the clerks should know if "FHRC" is in fact their hotel and know where their guests should park.  Like I mentioned, we never did get a good answer on whose parking spots they were. . 2.  The pool was closed in 1 Nov even though the weather is nice beyond that.  Their website showed a nice pool and it in fact looked nice.  We just couldn't use it.  We were there in early Nov and the weather was nice and other hotels had their pools open.. 3.  There is a TV in the bathroom but it gets different channels than the main TV.  I was there on election night and wanted to watch my favorite cable channel and had to play it from the bathroom.  . 4.  There is a Disney-style line (with rope blockades) to check in and check out.  The line wasn't too bad for us but still...that's what you get in Vegas.  Their hotels are like factories...you don't get a personal experience unless you go to a 5-star resort.. 5.  I stayed in an upgraded "go" room because it was only a little bit extra.  The rooms had a face-lift but you could tell the rooms were not completely re-done.  For example, the doors in the bathroom were frosted glass and they slid in place...but they didn't close tightly and there was no fan in the bathroom.  . 6.  No free breakfasts.  This is standard in Vegas hotels.  The Hampton Inn had free breakfast when I did my research...but it was 25% more expensive and off the strip.  . 7.  I had to pay 1 night in advance.  This seems fair to me, however in the American (and European) hotel markets you don't normally have to pay a cancellation fee if you book in advance.  This is off the subject, but I'd bet one day all hotels will charge for one night even if you cancel a week in advance. . 8.  You have to pay to use the gym.  $10/day.  To be fair, it's a real gym...the equipment is probably from the '90's but it is a real gym.. . Positives:. 1.  The room had 2 extra shower heads on the wall for a total of 3.. 2.  Free parking and no "resort fees". 3.  Cheap for a name-brand hotel on the strip. 4.  Location, location, location.  Not only is it on the strip, but it's in the middle of the strip.  It's the perfect location.. 5.  For all of the down sides, the hotel did not try to rip us off and there were no hidden fees.
This was all last minute to prepare for an unexpected production change. Lots of that in the biz, and the better run hotels handle our bobs and weaves as matter of routine. Our Hendersonville videographer, Asheville videographer, and, Brevard videographer, met the Burbank team at their choice of hotels, the Flamingo. They have some sort of corporate deal with the hotel. Despite our plane arriving early in morning, we still got to check in right away. Thank you for that Channel 70 Video Productions!  The Burbank Channel 70 people have a long history of using the Flamingo as a venue for affordable meetings. Again, the hotel handled our small meeting with their expected professionalism. For privacy purposes, we always scatter our rooms. I drew the short straw and ended up with a small and rather plain (as compared to LV standards) room with a partial view of the IP, but it served the purpose. The next morning the sounds of construction acted as an alarm clock. It's good to know people are employed doing construction in these tough times. It was a good sound to hear.  On our second night we ran long on the job and worked through. I ordered meals for everyone from room service and the meal was on time and was good. Kudos to the room service operation. We hired local Production Assistants and that night one of them hit Keno for $3500. What a town. The Flamingo serves us well for small meetings and the next one will be here for sure.
So far in my 5 trips, I've stayed at Mandalay, Aria, Ballys, Planet Hollywood, and now Flamingo. Flamingo in my opinion has been the best bang-for-your-buck. I booked the lowest priced room, but was able to upgrade to the GO rooms  (they have the big white cushion headboards). I thought the room was great! My room was on the 22nd floor, w/ a view of the Bellagio Fountains. The room was clean, flat screen TV, stereo system, couch, TV built into the bathroom mirror, shower and tub. Shower had 2 mid-level jets too!. . What I liked:. . - Centrally located on the Strip, easy to get places. . - Room had an EMPTY mini fridge. (High-end hotels have triggers that charge you if you remove anything from them, low-end hotels have nothing and I end up bringing a cooler and refilling w/ ice. Having this allowed me to stock it with my own beers and drinks! . - Flat-screen (amazingly, some places still don't have these) . - TV built into the mirror in bathroom. - Stereo w/ Sub. Great for getting ready and pre-gaming. - Remote Drapes. - Express Check-out from your TV. . Things I didn't like:. . - They note an iPod docking station, but people have stolen every cord so they just don't stock it. Furthermore, that is not a normal docking connector. I recommend brining a male-to-male headphone jack cable and you'll be good to go!. - Bathroom sliding door leaves very little privacy. You may want to blast the TV in there and run bathtub if you want to cover up any awkward sounds. Or just use the lobby restrooms. . - Like most places, you pay for internet.. But I have a free mobile hotspot feature on my phone so we just used that and were fine. . - Charged me $1.25 for local calls. Remember to use your cell phone going forward. . . All-in-all, great place for the money...
Needs to give a break on the wifi! Like FREE! Then there would be no reason to even leave the hotel....except for the odd show - like Cirque du Soleil!. . Love the pools and the drinks are yummy.
Stayed here for the first time on 11/29/12 for 1 night in a renovated FAB Deluxe Room.. . Arrival: We arrived at the Flamingo around 11:15pm to get an early start on our weekend. The parking structure is easy to miss as it is just after the Flamingo/Las Vegas Boulevard intersection, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled and watch out for pedestrians. The structure is old, dirty, and run-down, which is understandable for a 60+ year old hotel. . . Check In/Out: It's about a 5 minute walk from the structure to check in. We must have caught the late night Vegas flights that evening, so check in took about 20 minutes. Not too bad. The lady at the desk granted my request for 2 doubles and a small coupon book, which I was happy with.. . Price: Picked up this room for $30 on a Thursday night (including taxes). This hotel (as with all Caesar's properties) do not charge a resort fee, so for a 1 night stay, the value couldn't be beat! Rooms can be had for less than $100/night on most weekends - a steal if you plan to stay on the strip.. . Location: Can't be beat. Smack in the middle of the all the action. Makes the entire strip walkable if you choose to do so.. . Hotel: Don't expect anything grand because this is one of Vegas' older hotels. However, it did meet my requirements for a pleasant stay: clean and working.  The old school decor actually adds a bit of charm IMO. There wasn't a stench of smoke, but that's probably because it was late. One thing I especially liked: the ease of access to our rooms and the strip - Easy to find and less than a 3 minute walk to either from the check in desk! We checked out the flamingo habitat and gift shop the next day - both pleasant experiences! For Total Rewards members, a discount was offered at the shop (10% I believe).. . Room: Like with the hotel, don't expect anything grand but it is more than serviceable. The FAB Deluxe room I stayed in was recently renovated and quite charming. LCD TV, comfortable beds, hot pink curtains, a nice carpet in the middle of the room, and laminate plastic flooring. The floor may sound cheap, but it's ideal if you're coming to Vegas to party because it's easy for housekeeping (or you) to keep clean- no dirty carpet or potential for an accident ruining your room! The bathroom is outdated and the toiletries are cheap, but the shower pressure, sink, and toilet worked fine so that's enough for me.. . Gambling: Did not gamble at this casino.. . Food: Did not eat here, so no review. The buffet is a choice under the Buffet of Buffets deal.. . Amenities: Did not use the gym, spa, wi-fi, etc. Since there are no resort fees at this hotel, all would be an extra charge if you wanted to use them.. . Check out: Fast and easy via TV. Late check out was granted to me so that was cool.. . Overall:  I would absolutely stay at this hotel again. If you're like me (on a budget and planning to do stuff outside of the hotel) then it is among the best with other comparable priced hotels. The location and value of this hotel were the biggest draws for me. If you're coming to Vegas to go out (party, club, sightsee, walk the strip, etc) and are simply looking for a clean and comfortable place to stay, then the Flamingo is a great choice. If you're planning to be wow'ed or stay in, I would look elsewhere. . . Overall, a great bargain and a pleasant stay. 4/5.
I will say I had my doubts but then our taxi drove up & I saw the location on The Strip & I saw our room for myself (not just online pics) & I was hooked!  I had originally wanted to book a room at the Luxor (see my review on them) & boy am I glad I didn't.  We stayed in the "GO" rooms.  Some say they are tacky but they are actually modeled for that chic quirky throw-back look & I loved it.  Doesn't hurt that there's an inlay TV in the bathroom mirror with a Bose speaker in the bathroom ceiling either.  And the location right on The Strip right across from Caesar's Palace ... OMG!  So much fun.  ... ... ... All the tremendous benefits with the low low price means ultra high value.  I don't know how they do it but I hope they keep it up.  I will be back :-)
I really enjoyed my stay here for the most part. As for the room, it was absolutely perfect. I stayed in a Go Deluxe Room and it was so comfortable and clean, as well as well appointed. Had a center strip view of Caesar's Palace. Best view I have ever had at any Hotel. . . Checking in was a hassle, I was the third in line and it took 35 minutes. Seems like everyone had some kind of issue ahead of me. Then a 2nd line formed and all those people started getting helped. The front desk seemed not to be supervised all too well, but I had zero issues checking in and was done in less than 5 minutes. . . The food court is rubbish, and the pizza was greasy and disgusting. Everything at this particular hotel seemed more expensive than other more up scale ones I visited.. . The casino is large and some what intimidating with the exception of Margaritaville . Apparently they were giving out free T shirts but when I tried to get mine, no one seemed to know about the promotion so no shirt :/  I enjoyed how friendly the dealers were in that part of the casino.  . . The Player's Club (Total Rewards Desk) Supervisor Nancy was very friendly and gave me all sorts of good information about the Hotel and the other CP properties. If you  have any questions ask for her! :) . . Looking forward to staying here again!
It's a mixed bag here with some definite strong pros but a few cons but I think overall, you can't go wrong if you know what to expect.. . Pros: LOCATION, LOCATION!  It's in the middle of the strip so everything is within reasonable walking distance.  Room rates are a great deal, even for the weekend.  To get the deals, highly suggest that you sign up for their Rewards Card.  The rooms are decent and the remodel helps.. . Cons: Despite their efforts to re-model, the parking garage is still dirty and old, the elevators too.  Speaking of the garage... way too small and not enough stalls and they directed guests to valet or park at Caesar's during the weekend.  I find this shocking for a hotel this size and on the Strip.  The check-in line is long 24/7, there is never a time where a quick check-in is even possible.. . Plus, when in Vegas, how much time do you spend in your room?  All you need is a decent place to stay and shower, so Flamingo is recommended in my book.
"Classic Las Vegas, keepin' it *kind of* classy" would be my motto for the Flamingo. As the oldest-standing hotel on the main strip, this place is in excellent shape, thanks to recent renovations that resulted in surprisingly chic rooms that are likewise affordable. I went to Vegas twice this year, and I stayed at the Flamingo both times--yes I know there are swankier hotels in town, but given my criteria, I honestly can't say enough good things about this one. If you're looking to strike a balance of bang for your buck, style, and location (much like me), I would definitely head straight for this place.. . A few more details you might be interested in:. . * At the end of July as well as in mid-December, my group and I paid less than $90 total per night to stay here. This time around, we went for one of the GO Deluxe rooms at $87.50/night. This was a slight upgrade from the FAB Deluxe room I stayed in the last time, but only a few dollars difference and with slightly nicer amenities (larger flat screen TV, cushy white headboards for the beds, green/pink mood lighting in the bathroom, plus another TV in the bathroom). See http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2012/2/21/231159/318/vegas-travel/FAB+vs.+GO%3A+It%27s+Not+Even+Close for a more comprehensive comparison of the two types of rooms. If the price is still an issue, FAB Deluxe was still better than average.. . * Seriously smack dab in the middle of the strip. Therefore no matter where else you want to check out on the strip, everything will be within reasonable walking distance. E.g. Caesars Palace is right across the street, the Palazzo is right next door, and the Mirage, Encore/Wynn, Cosmopolitan, and Fashion Show Mall are just a short walk away.. . * The 21 and over pool, during the hot months of the year, is super fun! When I went in the summer there was a live DJ playing house music. It was like a lowkey, slightly more mature version of MTV Spring Break. I highly recommend it.
To compensate us for the water being off, a nice front desk clerk gave me $30 credit and reminded me that the package I bought already had $30 on it, so we had free lunch and i got souvenirs to take home; one clerk in a gift shop misunderstood what I was trying to buy and overcharged me by $41, and the refund was not in the yet when I checked out, and i was going to have to pay for it, but I got a clerk from the Gift Shop to straighten it out.  I would come back again, for sure.
Booked a Flamingo FAB room through Vegas.com for the Wrangler NFR and got an AMAZING deal (about $38-$45 a night on the weekend, can't beat that!!) Would HIGHLY recommend this deal package. Room was on 10th floor with a great view. Super clean, simple, comfy bed with no comforters YEAH!!! I loved the hot pink accents and the laminate floor that was like textured wood. I did some research and found the GO rooms have been updated throughout while the FAB rooms don't have an updated bathroom, .which was fine with us. How can you beat $40/night for a nice hotel room in Vegas? It was clean and very affordable and that was all that mattered. Room service was great and the hotel eateries were good. Would definitely book this deal again.
Was A good trip and the Suites are awesome. . . HATED: the damn pull and jacuzzi are closed during the off season? Wait it is 75 outside and I came from OR to hit the pool. The hotel was fully packed! . . Next time I will make sure the pool is open because I know the MGM pools are open!
I was hesitant to stay here since I read reviews and some were saying the place is dirty and cheap but I was really pleased with our rooms and our prices! We reserved the Deluxe rooms which included 2 queen size beds with super cute girly decor. Everything was very clean and the room looked recently updated/renovated/modeled. The floors were a nice dark wood. The bathroom was nice and clean and simple. . . We came out here for a friend's birthday and it was great because we were pretty much in the middle of all the clubs we wanted to go to!. . One bad thing I have to say is definitely the service and this is based on one lady at the front desk when we first checked in. She wasn't very pleasant and treated us like we didn't know anything. We initially reserved two rooms under one name but the website asked for another name (which we thought was for emergency purposes) but it actually reserved a room under each name which didn't make sense. She then found out we had another room but after we had to tell her and our rooms were down the hall and around the corner from each other. It wasn't a big deal, but she could have cancelled the transaction and put us next to each other..but she didn't.. . Besides that little thing, I love the Flamingo and will definitely stay here again.
We stayed here for 3 nights and overall enjoyed are stay here. We got the deluxe room which was nicely renovated, it still had some aging around the edges but the room was spacious enough and everything worked fine inside. Our room was literalltythe farthest away from the elevators, it was about 2 football fields of walking to the room, no joke! but vegas is all about walking so no big deal. The location is the big seller of the hotel. Right in the middle of all the action. The lobby and casino is average, Given the cost and locale, this place was pretty good.
Think value hotel and casino. Repeat that over and over. The Flamingo is a reasonable spot to gamble, reasonable spot to stay for what you're paying.. . The Flamingo has god-awful tacky Christmas-lighting everywhere, and their elevators look like they came out of an LA ghetto, all scratched up, but their casino has sports decent table minimums considering their location on the Strip. Oh, and there are dancers on the casino floor after-hours, if you're into that. This property ought to modernize, but I suppose that's where the savings come in?. . When I was here for New Years, the front desk was undermanned; I waited in line for 30 minutes to check-in! Luckily I was offered an upgrade to a larger room, gratis. In any event, request a refurbished room - I found their uncarpeted floors to be an unexpected, modern touch.
Not bad.... Not bad at all! I stayed at the Flamingo in December for my birthday. First time in Vegas and I would have to say I had the best time of my life! The lines are really no different than waiting to buy movie tickets at the theater. I got there around noon time and I did not pay for early check-in. I did stand in line to try to partially check in and to let them know I was there. I was told check-in wasnt until 4:30pm. I was thinking WOW!! They told me to come back a little closer to check-in time and that I would not have to wait in tge Check-in line , I could just pick up my key. I tipped the guy for a bag check and once your room is ready they will bring it up for you. I mean thats a whole let better than walking the strip or casino with all your lugagge. The casino area is pretty nice and big. The places to eat are ok just stay clear away from Carlos and Charlies resturant , they are horrible. (You can read my review on that). The one thing that did disappoint me was the fact that when I did come back around six to check-in , my room was still not ready. So I sort of caused a small scene. They front desk staff were pretty nice and they gave me money to use for food or shopping for my inconvience. They have plenty of elevators to get to your room. Let me speak on the carpets in the hallways..... Its really not that bad like alot of folks say it is. Maybe different floors have different issues but I was on the 10th floor and the carpets were just ok. Reading other reviews before going made me nervous as heck. I thought I was going to see chalk outlining dead bodies and smell urine etc... That was not my experience at all. My room was one that was updated. I got a luxury Fab room. This room was a strip view, nice comfy bed and very spacious. The bathroom is the one thing that could have been updated but it wasnt like a motel 6 bathroom. It was still very clean and everything was working. Water pressure and water temperature was completely fine. All in all the bathroom needed some paint and newer floors. The actual room was just great. No bedbugs... I always check when I stay in hotels. (I always fold down the  fitted sheets at the corners of the mattress to check if I see any black specs). If you dont know... you should always pack dryer sheets with you to put in your actual lugagge and to put in between the sheets and mattress to keep all the bedbugs, bugs and other pest of that kind away. One big reason I landed on this hotel is because they do not charge a resort fee. I really do not understand why alot of other hotels charge these fees but hey its Vegas!!! The buffets are just ok but the best buffet is the one in Ceasars. (Sorry, I do not remember the name). House keeping does a pretty decent job but they are kind of slow and my room was cleaned kind of on the late side. Checking out was a breeze and they are very helpful with getting you back to the airport. I would stay here again.
The Flamingo is a fun party hotel.  It's at a good location on the strip and in the summer the pool is extra fun!  It's always happening, they have a DJ, the booty shaking contests, etc ... again, a party spot!  Everyone seems to be drinking a ton (myself included! lol) . . The crowd is all ages from families w/kids to older people who could be my grandparents, but they too are partying it up!  Personally I think it's pretty cool.  . . The rooms ... I've stayed in the regular rooms and the Go Rooms... I really like the Go Rooms because they are decorated pretty cute and the bathroom has a TV which I like.  But depending on the prices the regular rooms are fine too.
Great deal in a prime location. Bearing in mind that this isn't one of the newer hotels, but if you request a renovated room you'll be pleasantly surprised. . We arrived at 130 am, so the check in line wasn'thuge, yet it still took us 30 minutes to check in (the kiosk couldn't check us in). The put us on the executive floor (28) since the wait was extreme, the only catch being that it was a king bed, not usually a big deal except that it was a male friend , not my wife this trip.  We expressed our displeasure and they assured us that they would move us in morning to a two bed option on the same floor. Since neither of us intending on sleeping it worked out just fine. . The staff were fantastic. The room was clean with faux wood floors. The bathroom needed a makeover, but all in all very nice.  . Check out couldn't have been easier, just drop the express check-out form and keys into the slot and PAU off to the airport. . Someone does need to take some brasso to the elevators though. . . I would DEFINITELY stay here again.
Impressed!  I was NOT looking forward to staying here.  I was hoping we could do Palazzo, etc. - but my mother was tagging along to hang out with our daughter one night and we were purchasing two rooms, so we needed something well located and far less expensive.  We found an excellent rate for two Go Deluxe rooms and I gotta say - we'd most definitely consider coming back here!  The prices are right, the location is excellent!  Downfall - wouldn't hit any of the restaurants or entertainment here, but you're a hop, skip and a jump from all the places you will want to dine at, etc.  . . Beds were comfy, pillows were too thick and hard.  Bathroom was fine enough.  Only issue, lots of dishes left out in the hallways - some for 24+ hours, not cool.  Carpeting could be updated in the hallways.  All in all, impressed by Flamingo's GO DELUXE rooms.  Might even come back
Scored an amazeballs Cyber Monday rate for our anniversary - take a slow time of the year for Vegas, add a discount, and we couldn't not stay here - and booked one of the new Fab rooms dirt cheap. I was looking forward to the Fab rooms because they're all new - the standard rooms have all been redone in a retro/mod hybrid of laminate floors and funky furniture and the pictures of those rooms look cool. But we arrived at 10 in the morning, so we were offered the opportunity to upgrade to a Go Deluxe room with a view and get into our room right away without paying an early check in fee or come back a little bit later, pay an early check in fee and get into a Fab room... or wait until 4:00 in the afternoon for a Fab room at no extra charge. It was still a good deal, and we love the spa type shower in the Go room so we bought the upgrade. We ended up with a room directly across from the fountains in front of Caesar's Palace and if you stood to the side of the window you could see all of the Bellagio's fountain show.. . We had a great time in the Go room as we did a few years ago, but our room definitely had some miles on it. Everything worked (and it was awesome to hit the button on the electronic drapes and watch the sunrise from bed) but the LED display on the Denon stereo was starting to fail and the iPod cable was missing. The feature of the room we used most was the spa type shower with side jets, and the funky mood lighting in there was pretty cool. Just make sure the jets are turned off before you turn on the water or you will make a mess. (don't ask how I know this). . They've been doing a lot of work here, adding a Carlos & Charlies in part of the casino and the Margaritaville Casino and 5 o'clock Somewhere bar is recent. The restaurants are kind of meh, but the 5 o'clock Somewhere bar is great. . . The Margaritaville Casino is a fun place to play with hotter cocktail servers than the rest of the casino. Cigarette smoke is more pronounced in the casino than others on the strip. There's a lot of construction going on around the hotel - O'Shea's is gone and they're building the Linq and remodeling the Inferior Palace (now the Quad) on one side and Bills was closing for remodeling the week after we left.. . Like all Caesar's properties, there's no mandatory resort fees, but you will pay steep fees for WiFi or the fitness center, so if those things are important to you, that will even out.. . My wife and I had a good time, and I'll be back here in a couple of months for work, but next time we come to Vegas for fun we will probably try someplace new just to change it up a bit. But the Flamingo is a great value right in the middle of the strip, and they're doing a good job of going retro but making it modern enough to be really comfortable.
I stayed Thursday thru Monday in room 21093 and it  was outstanding!!!! The room had a flat screen t.v. and DVD player, refrigerator,t.v. in the bathroom. Great views of mountains. If you watch a dvd you have to put the t.v. on channel 125. The room was very clean. The only negative was hallway carpet needs to be cleaned or replaced.. For gambling tips Bally's keno 7 spot for a $1.50. for a chance to win a million.. Say "Hi' to Mary! You can rent movies at red box in your homestate and return them at a CVS on the strip.
In the Showcase at The Flamingo, watching George Wallace. The building is a little dated. The poker table has live girls dancing on tables!
First time we stayed here. The hotel is older, but not bad at all. Weird the room was clean and the service was great. Getting your car into the valet is a nightmare. You have to go off the strip and wait for hundreds of people to cross before entering. No stoplight or anything. Other than that, everything else was fine.
who keeps track of all those light bulbs? so many light bulbs and all lit up. is it one guy? does he have a staff? . . had a rough time at the roulette table but that's probably my fault. . . would it kill y'all to give free wi-fi?. . super awesome clean and stylee room for just $38. go to vegas on a tuesday. gamble in planet hollywood.
Great Location on the central Strip.. . My room was a good size and clean, and super cheap.. . Easy to get toeverything - not SO much going on at this resort, but it's easy to get everywhere from here. I would stay here again.
Flamingo offers a great central location on The Strip at a ridiculously affordable price.  Everything about this place was awesome.  I like how the players club was fast and easy to sign up for and offered you many discounted tickets to shows and restaurants.  The rooms were spacious and unique. The resort is not the quality of any of the resorts at the city center, but it's not a dump filled with a bunch of white trash transients either like The Quad or Fremont Street.
Go for the GO rooms! Completely remodeled and super cute. Everything is re-done and pretty swanky for the Flamingo. Stayed here for two nights (Fri/Sat) and it was under 200 dollars, even after I upgraded from a Fab room  (I think that's what its actually called) to a  GO room.. . Great location, great price, clean rooms, comfy beds, and really nice service. . . The only think that bugged me, is that the bathrooms have these sliding doors that don't really close all the way. They leave a tiny gap. Which is fine most of the time, except kinnnnnnda awkward when you have to use the bathroom to do something other than peeing and showering, and you're sharing a room.  A little seal on that sliding door would be greatly appreciated.
We stayed at the Flamingo for my birthday last month. We received a free room through Total Rewards and when we arrived Damon helped us and he even gave us a free upgrade to a bigger and better room just because it was my birthday! He was incredibly helpful and sweet! Our Go room with a view was awesome, we had a dead center view of the Bellagio fountain and the room was cute and remodeled. The TV in the bathroom was handy and the tub was pretty huge. . . They have some pretty cool slot machines too, try the Aladdin game, it actually moves while you play like a ride! . . The staff was crazy friendly and came within minutes of being called for whatever you need. . . I stayed here before the remodel, and the lower floors ahve yet to be remodeled so be sure to ask for a higher floor and ask for DAMON he is the best!
I got exactly what I needed and expected for $35 a night. But what I needed and expected may not be the same as your needs and expectations.. . While the rest of the Strip resorts were priced at $99+ per night (except the God-forsaken "Quad" next door), the Flamingo offered a standard, partly remodeled and generally clean room for $35/night. It was perfect for my trip with friends. If I were out to impress someone; if I were on a romantic get-away; or if I were a hotel inspector, I'd upgrade or choose another property.. . Here are the pluses and minuses.  If all you need is a comfortable room, a prime location, and a great price, definitely consider the Flamingo.. . PLUSES. --Spacious room. Newly redone with faux hardwood floors. . --I requested a room away from Quad construction, near an elevator. My room faced Bally's (perfect) and was 10 steps from the lifts.. --Friendly housekeeper saw me step out of my room at 11am and asked if I enjoy beer. Of course I do. She pointed down the hall toward a cooler full of Bud Light that another guest left upon departure. After she declined my marriage proposal, I flipped her a five and drank some breakfast. . --Comfortable bed, pillows and linen.. --Quiet. I didn't hear any room-to-room noise. My room was directly next to the door housekeepers use to access the back of house. These rooms are infamous for being noisy as employees bang carts and vacuums and slam doors. Not at Flamingo. I heard no staff noise whatsoever.. --Outstanding location for Strip activities and easy access to downtown buses.. . MINUSES. --Mold visible along tub grout.. --Air duct cover screwed on haphazardly.. --Dim bathroom lighting (no bueno for the ladies). --No fridge.. --No blanket on bed--only a couple of sheets and a VERY creepy pink/white/black fake fur throw. . --My room was ready when I arrived at 8am, but Flamingo charges $30 to check in before noon; $15 to check in before 4. If the room is ready, early check-in fees are nothing more than gouging. This was my least favorite part of the experience.. --I experienced no line upon arriving at 8am. However, I saw very, very, very long check-in lines during the evening hours. The front desk is clearly understaffed for a property of this size. Self check-in kiosks are available. Consider using them.. --Debris--a dry cleaning tag, a small pile of white stuff that looked like drywall--remained in the hall way on my floor the entire length of my stay.  I saw a room service tray discarded by another guest sitting in the hall for at least two days. Considering that, as stated above, my room was directly next to the door every member of the housekeeping team uses to access my floor, the fact that these items remained in place is....telling.. --$13.99/day Internet fee.
Staying here was a gift from friends.  We had never stayed at Flamingo before.  The room we checked into was cool.  I believe it was probably one of the better rooms available, and not all the rooms here are like the one we stayed in.  The view from the room showed a portion of the Las Vegas Strip including the Bellagio.  So were able to see the Fountains at Bellagio!  The room itself was very modern and tastefully decorated.  The bathroom even had a television!  5 stars for the room!. . The casino itself was fine.  Not as nice as other hotels on the Strip, but still okay.  The ambiance just seemed dated and needed some renovations.  Please note though, that we stayed here a couple of years ago.  So maybe now, renovations of the casino have taken place.  I do not know.. . The pools and gardens are terrific!!  It gets crowded at times at the pools though.  Make sure to check them all out!. . Did not do any shopping here, but we did buy crepes at one of their snack places.  The crepes were pretty good too. . . Self parking is not a problem.  We hardly used our car though during that 3 night stay.  The Flamingo is centrally located on the Strip.  So it is walking distance to everything good!!
Stayed my last night in Vegas at The Flamingo. Overall it was a great experience! Started off by paying the additional fee (I believe it was $30-50) to check into a standard room early- around 11 am. The regular check in time is 3 or 4 pm, and I didn't want to wait in the luggage check line for 30 minutes just to return a few hours later and repeat the whole check in process. Arrived at at room on the 5th floor that resembled a not-so-well taken care of Ramada or Holiday Inn (small windows, old gross linens, old fixtures, etc.). Ugh. Then my friend and I noticed the tub had a leak and slow drain- it was about a third full of water. Yuck. Called guest services... took approximately 3 tries to figure out the automated system and get directed to the right person. So that's the bad. On to the good.. . Once I got someone the response was immediate. Not only did someone come to check out the issue less than 10 minutes later, but before even getting off the phone with me the front desk moved my friend and I to an upgraded room (a GO room) on the 21st floor. Yesssss. The difference in rooms was unbelievable. The upgraded room was maybe a little larger, but had huge floor to ceiling window views of the pool and preserve, a bathroom with a separate huge shower/ tub and a tv in the mirror, cool linens, cool headboards, cool lighting, a mini-fridge, the list goes on. The point is, spend a few extra bucks if you're going to stay here- it makes a humongous difference in your experience. In addition, you get free wifi with your resort fee. You have to sign up as though you are paying, but the charge is removed from your bill before checkout. Overall, The Flamingo gets major respect for taking care of their customers, and being the most reasonably priced hotel on the strip right now.
This review is for the Fab Luxury rooms. Our room was overlooking the strip so no complaints about the view. There was some street noise, but a fair trade off in my opinion. The colour scheme is ok and these rooms have the faux wood floor, something I prefer over the carpet. Bathroom is big and unremarkable. The room was presented clean and the housekeeping was mostly finished by early pm. The location can't be beaten, even with a bit of construction around, I mean for the bargain price it's hard to nitpick. 2 issues that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the timeshare snails that attackyou when you catch the lifts to and from your room (an unfortunate part of Caesars Ent group hotels) and the lousy one device only per room Internet connection, poor.  Overall I'd happily stay here again I'd just bring salt to throw at the snails.
Stayed at the Flamingo this last weekend for a little stay-cation with my boyfriend.  Got to the hotel at about 430 and was up in our rooms within 15-20 minutes.  I was expecting a long line at check-in because it was a Friday afternoon but quick and painless.  I booked one of the upgraded rooms and we were in the Habitat Tower.  Corridors need some work but all you are doing is walking down them.  The room was really nice and I didn't book a strip view but basically from our room we could see TI, Mirage, Harrahs, etc...  So kind of a strip view so I was happy.. . The room is hard wood flooring, big comfy beds and flat screen TV.  It looks like they only upgrade the room and not the bathroom.  The shower water pressure wasn't too great.  House cleaning was in and out fast and did a really good job.. . I always enjoy the Flamingo when I would come to just go to pool or get some drinks.  Its right in the middle of the strip, so great access to everything.  That is one reason why I booked here because of location.  I will continue to visit when I am on the strip and will def book here again if I want a stay-cation!
Just got back from Vegas. Three trips there and stay at the Flamingo each time. The first two times were great. We had a Go Luxery room with a strip view. WARNING...if you want the strip view, do not get a room on the front of the tower. The window is covered by mesh from the Donnie and Marie ad on the outside of the building. Also, there is a club somewhere close by and we heard the thumping of the base way into the night. Ask for a room on the side of the tower, facing Ballys. It is a better view of the fountains at Bellegio and no music from the club. We like this place because it is so old school. You can imagine Bugsy and the boys walking through.
At first I was really scared to stay in this hotel I know these hotels look pretty on the outside but we all know what can happen in the rooms.. . My boss told me that flamingo has just redid their rooms and I said why not let's book it and I was very happy when we checked in and saw our room.. . I upgraded for 30 extra each night and it was totally worth it the room was nice the bathroom was nice and everything came out great!!. . Overall I totally recommend the flamingo and for sure upgrade if you can its so worth it. The customer service was amazing towards me and the cleaning service was amazing as well very trust worthy.. . I would for sure come back to this hotel. I had a great time and the location was perfect right in the middle of the strip.
I stayed here with some friends May 9-10 and it was lovely. My friends were a bit skeptical because we had a manager at work warn us to NEVER EVER EVER stay at the Flamingo. Well I took the chance after reading the reviews and it was grand! . . When we were checking in online it said that we would have to wait until 6pm to check in however I showed up at 4 and they didn't mention anything and didn't charge an early check in fee. We waited in line for about 30 minutes, which is pretty standard for Vegas Strip Hotels. The front desk attendant asked if we wanted a pool view room or a strip view room. I asked, "Which is cheaper?" Expecting the pool view to be a little bit more. She kinda laughed, and so did my friends... I guess it's the same... I chose strip view anyway because I like looking at the lights. . . We stayed in a standard 2 queen bed room. So none of this "GO ROOM" stuff. The floor was linoleum, which I really enjoyed. They had a cute grey and pink rug in front of the TV. The room was clean and contemporary. The beds were decorated with these so ugly it's cute fuzzy pink rugs. Haha the window looking outside was huge! It Took up the whole wall from floor to ceiling so we had a nice view, and the curtains (PINK) were heavy blackout curtains. There is no heater/ac unit in the room. It's just controlled air. I didn't even see a thermostat. The temp was practically perfect. I was only looking for review purposes. The bathroom was a nice size. It was large and clean. In the shower  there was a string that pulled across so that you could hang your swimsuits/wet clothes in the bath without it getting on the floor. NICE! The beds were clean! And comfy! That is a for sure must have.. . Outside there was a FLAMINGO EXHIBIT!! With ducks and the biggest freaking Koi fish I've ever seen! They were twice the size of the ducks! They also had a little pelican exhibit and a few black swans. They had a waterfall area were you could stand and take your picture and I beautiful water fountain. . . The main bad thing about this place is the pool... It was so big! And so nice! But we had to opt out because it was so full!!! There was nowhere to sit. Nowhere to stand. Nowhere to lie down to tan. Also, the pool closes at 6... This is hot Vegas we're talking about here... The pool should stay open later! Oh well... . . Checking out was such a breeze! I didn't do the express check out. I don't know why but I don't trust those... I went to the front desk to do it. Unfortunately the check in/check out line is the exact same line... They should be fixed as well... However when I was entering the line there was a man standing at the front of the line wearing a tux with an iPod whom asked, "May I help you?" And I told him I was checking out. He asked my name and room number and checked me out super easy, super fast. He was really nice as well. . . All in all I'm happy we chose to stay here. The customer service wasn't bad at all and the room was nice. Just fix that major problem of the pool and you'll get a 5 star review!
I stayed in the Flamingo last weekend as part of Bloggers in Sin City, an annual, 70-person "unconference" in Vegas. There were plenty of minorly annoying aspects of staying at a major hotel in a big tourist city - the check-in lines are unbearably long, there was trash in the hallways (?), housekeeping forgot to clean our room one day. All that aside, I had an overall positive experience at the Flamingo. . . The staff seemed to do their best to alleviate some of the issues. A very friendly front desk staffer walked us through kiosk check-in so we could avoid the VERY long line & walked us to the front of the line to work with someone else when the kiosk malfunctioned a little bit. When I called to be sure our room would be cleaned the day after housekeeping passed us over, a very apologetic housekeeping staffer promised to tend to us the next morning & offered up a conversation with his manager if I wanted to take it up the chain (I didn't, but I appreciated his forthcomingness). And so on. Other staffers were absurdly friendly, too, in ways that made the whole stay a more positive experience overall, from the amiable bellhop to the fast-moving buffet server who kept us rolling in water refills & much-needed coffee to the gift shop worker who helped me pick out a clutch purse 20 minutes before my big event to the pool bartender who remembered up names (big ups to Rigo for treating our group so well!). . Other positives: The Flamingo has a few nice shops attached to the lobby, a spa with inexpensive quick massages, a Margaritaville, a party pool & a quiet pool, a few shows & attractions, a massive & comprehensive buffet, a brewery with a great outdoor patio, &, of course, a casino. It's in a great location on the strip, pretty close to everything, & from some of the rooms & hallway windows, you can see the famed Bellagio fountains! . . If you're looking for a swanky Vegas experience, the Flamingo may not be the hotel for you. But if you're looking for a positive experience in a hotel that seems to give a damn about its customers, even without big-time prices & fancy extras, then this hotel is a great choice. I would definitely stay here again. Thanks, Flamingo!
Had the cheapest non smoking room and it was completely remodeled.  Everything tip top shape.  We stay there because of the great pools and gardens.  Sad to say the main pool is now geared to 30 year olds with the worst  X rated, ear splitting, rap music.  Would have given 5 stars except for the music.
The process to checkin was long but I signed up for total rewards which made checkout much faster. We had one f the FAB rooms and it was clean and updated. They gladly brought a fridge for my husband's insulin at no charge to us. The staff was always helpful. The DOC for our wedding was wonderful. Carlos n' Charlie's was by far our favorite restaurant there. It was our best vacation week that we have ever had.
Checking in, oh boy. Be prepared for a wait! Everyone waits until they arrive at the desk to begin room negotiations. Everyone who visits Vegas thinks they have an inside track that will give them free whatever just by dropping their name or flashing the free card that everyone receives just by asking. Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't but be prepared to wait!. . The location is great! Perfect for strip-goers. . . The food court in Flamingo is lacking. Not bad for a quick bite but nothing special, either. . . No coffee makers in the non-suite rooms. Be prepared to pay $3 for bad coffee downstairs.
We stayed here for our Las Vegas wedding. We got the Mini Go Suite and it was really chic and the bed was so comfortable. We love the TV on the bathroom mirror and the spacious room we had. It was perfect for getting ready on the big day. We asked for the room facing the pool so there's no traffic noise. It was quiet and peaceful. . . The only complaint I have, is how ridiculously a long wait it was to check in. We have our wedding party and family stayed here as well and we all waited about 40 minutes in line before we got to the check in desk. Besides that, everything else was peachy.. . If you booked a room, make sure to ask to be put in the SPA tower instead of the HABITAT tower. The spa tower rooms already got remodeled. We will stay here again.
I recently came back to Flamingo for EDC weekend. I had vowed never to step foot back here after my last experience about 2 years ago, but my friend was the one in charge of booking the room so I had no say. I was prepare for an old, terrible room like I had last time but much to my surprise, we got the GO room and it was great!. . The GO room is one of the newer, renovated rooms at the Flamingo and it was very cute. The room has a mini fridge and a coffee maker, things that I consider important to have at a hotel! The bathroom is very spacious and clean with a mini tv! The room itself has plenty of lighting along with a big mirror for us girls to get ready with. The beds were comfy and the tv was pretty big. All in all, I really enjoyed my stay here the second time around and would come back again if I get to stay in the GO room!
Flamingo has the best location in Vegas.  I'm so glad they remodeled their room.  Although, you can tell they used very cheap furnitures, fake wood flooring and a closet that is about to fall over.I think their upgrades are SO MUCH more improved than their old funky rooms.  . . We took advantage of their gym and spa.  It was the best $20 we spent.  While working out, a lady walks around carrying cold towel and bottle waters and asked if we would like any.  While I was inside the hot tub, the same lady came up and asked if I was doing okay and whether she can can me anything.  Their customer services were impressive.
I love going here, and looking at the Flamingos!
It's at a great location on the strip and we stay here every year! I would recommend booking a Go Room, it's worth it for the updates and the refrigerator in the room. Check in was a breeze (get a rewards card first for faster check in, or platinum/diamond has their own check in). As a tip I'd say if the line for check in looks long or you get there before your check in time check your bags and go play in Vegas until the line goes down! . . As for gaming, it's decent and I like that its connected to Margaritaville. Faster drink service there. . . The pool and the location on the strip are the main reasons we return. The pool can get packed but we've always found a spot to lay our stuff and head into the water. The waterfall/grotto area is nice and offers some shade. Drinks/food is average price and quality.
Pink.  I love this hotel amazing location best on the strip.  Pool that is warm not to mention eye candy tropical paradise.  Love the Harrah bonus being able to use any of the Harrah's pools.  4th time in Vegas in the last 5 1/2 years.  Cant wait til the high roller is done.  Las Vegas has a city wide tax on all hotels and resorts you pay it at everyone.  Flamingo gives you a credit also mgm casino's also charge it and also give you a credit too.
funny, with all the negative reviews I see on Yelp, I'm probably the minority that LOVES this place.  it's perfect for location, monorail, price and atmosphere.   The buffet is pretty average, so off better going some where if you want to upgrade, but it works if you're not too picky.  What rules is having a Johnny Rockets in the hotel that's open 24/7.  The 2 pizza places are okay, but nothing to write home about.. . Funny that I've had more success with the Fab Deluxe over the Go Deluxe.  I've had great views of the strip and the most recent time, I had a view of the entire Caesars, Bellagio and Cosmo from the room. The Fab is pretty basic.  You get the usual shower, safe, flat screen and view of the strip.  The one time I had the Go Deluxe, you get the same, but a mini fridge and a real swanky bathroom with a TV in the mirror.  Once was good, but I'd rather have the basics and the view or a lesser price.  The sports book is small, but cozy.. . I'd had great deals too.  the last time was off vegas.com where I got 3 nights and a round trip flight on Virgin for $300.
I'd had my heart set on staying at one of the big name hotels, but this was more in our price range. I have to admit, this hotel was much nicer than I'd thought it would be. Considering my last 2 stays in Vegas was at San Remo and Excalibur, the Flamingo was the Ritz Carlton!! . For starters, a good pool is important, and this hotel has a very good pool. It also has a man made faux beach and waterfalls. . I also really enjoyed the fact that the Carnaval Court was right down the street, literally, so after a day at the pool, we could walk over and have some drinks outside, while listening to live music. It's also a very short walking distance to Caesars and Bellagio, so you can skip over there for some free entertainment then head back to your room to get ready for a What-happens-in-Vegas-stays-in-Vegas evening.. Basically, it's located in the middle of the strip so everything is just a short cab ride, monorail ride or walk away. . The buffet was to par with any of the other hotels in the surrounding area, only a little less expensive. . The rooms were adequate sized, very clean and quiet. . I can honestly say that I would stay here again in a heart beat! For all that you get, their prices can't be beat.
I'm going to break this review down in sections: . . I stayed at the Flamingo from 8/14-8/20/2013 and I loved it, despite all the negative reviews.. . First thing, GET A TOTAL REWARDS CARD, if you fail to obtain one prior to check-in you more than likely will be waiting a significant amount of time in line.  If you are 7star/Diamond/gold member they have a separate line for them, for example, I am a gold member and was able to bypass the line and check-in immediately.  . . POOL: 5/5. . Pros----Amazing pool, PARTY atmosphere, only a small section that is in the shade for half the day the rest is in the sun all day, great party music, weekends have booty shaking contest, Ages range is typical 20-30s, but plenty of ages enjoying the fun atmosphere.  Tropical style setting: palm trees, water fall.  Towels for flamingo guests. . Cons:  PACKED on weekends, get there early (8am) if you want a great seat, if not you will be hunting for spots to sit.  However I was able to get seats later in the day when the second wave of people began showing (2pm).  Bathroom for men has only 3 toilets, kinda sucks when a line forms.  Drink lines can get lengthy.  $ for drinks are expensive but who caresyou're in Vegas.. . ROOM: 4/5. . Ok First night I was upgraded to a GO room because my KING FAB LUX w/STRIP VIEW was unavailable at the time.  We arrived at 12am and the guy at the check in was super cool.  GO room was awesome, clean, classy, no issues. . . Pros:  KING FAB LUX w/stip; 22130 , great view of strip.  Room was clean, no bugs, Maid service everyday, new towels brought, Bed was comfy, (go room had a nicer bed)  I didnt feel disgusted in the room like how some of the reviews had mentioned.  Overall satisfied with my experience!. . Cons:  minor wear in bathroom, lighting was slightly rushed, door scratched, carpet outside the room slightly worn.  Pressure in shower a little low, but was able to get clean no problem.  None of the imperfections in the room would make me NOT want to stay there again.  Walls thin, could hear people talking loudly occasionally.  Again who cares, you're in Vegas to have a GREAT TIME!!. . Casino/Atmosphere/Food 4/5. . Pros:  Outside flamingo atmosphere is so nice, so relaxing looking at all the water, ecology, and trees, plenty of shade, plenty of great spots for pictures, just a real vacation feel, loved it.    Food choices in food-court low, only 4 restaurants, but were great for a snack or quick bite, $ ok.  Casino as we all know is older but still fun, They have a Maragrittaville in there and that is AWESOME, food was fantastic.. . Cons:  The casino is older, construction between flamingo and ballys is a pain/loud, cab service not very great because of the road cutting through flamingo is closed so cabs have to drive around to pick up/drop off.  One elevator did not work.  Again, nothing in this place would make me not want to come back.  . . Conclusion:. -  Look if you book here expecting it to be like a Cesars or Belligio quality casino then you are foolish person.  It was a great experience, I have no idea why so many people complain about this place.  If you don't like to party, loud noise, immature/funny people, fun atmosphere, meeting new people then Flamingo is not your place.  If however you do, you will be pleasantly surprised as I was.  I never write reviews but after reading all these picky, mean, snooty reviews about this place I had to tell my story.  . . . Hope this helps for the future flamingo guests!!
Stayed Thursday through Sunday.   Was glad to get one of the remodeled rooms (laminate floor), but dated bathroom.   Room was clean when arrived and housekeeping service was good.   AC was noisy.  General areas (hallways) of this hotel are very dated, but all-in-all we were pretty satisfied with the stay given the cost/value and especially location.  Would stay here again.   I was concerned about it given some of the more recent reviews but we had a good stay.
It was noisy from the bathroom and construction (quite bother me), food was left in the hallway from early am to late pm so what? As long as it isnt in my room or in front of my room. Staffs were ok. If you guy mean room service staffs were rude, give them some tips pls. (They cleaned your room didnt they. Give 'em a break). 30 bucks/ night on the strip (I'm not a high roller nor a gambler, just a vacationer) wasn't so bad after all.
We are rating the pool, not the hotel in this review. Smaller than the Mirage, but well run, clean, friendly staff (Dani rocked) and the poolside food was amazingly good. My husband said the sliders were tasty and a bit of a surprise (didn't expect them to be good). The ceviche was never ending with tasty shrimp and scallops - I too was not prepared for how good it was. Overall, inexpensive and great quality. . . The pool is a hoot and just a lot of fun. Opens at 8 - line up no later than 7:45.
My friend and I stayed here for a random night in Vegas. I actually really enjoyed staying at this hotel. It is an older hotel so it's not like staying at the Cosmo... but for the price you pay, the location, and overall vibe it was a great deal!. . We checked late around 9pm, and there was quite a line but it went by quickly. The shops and the front desk was pretty modern, I would say. However, going to the elevators and hallways, you can tell they are old lol. Also the parking garage was also very old and cramped. The room we stayed in (Fab Deluxe) was pretty nice. The floors were wood and the furniture was new as well. The bathroom was clean and nice. The shower I would say is outdated.. . In our one random night in Vegas we were able to just roam around everywhere in the center of the strip! That's another great thing about this hotel, its near pretty much everything and you can easily walk everywhere. Also in the hotel there are a few bars and eateries that we enjoyed during our stay. We also got to check out the flamingos in the morning! Nearby they have a really cool pool area, which we didn't get to try out.. . Overall, we enjoyed our stay here and definitely would come here again, especially for the price, location, and overall vibe. Thanks!
Great GO Luxury room on the top floor with killer view but needed some TLC. Staff was nice. Other floors smelled like mildew. Great location but probably the least classy on the strip. Dealers were nice enough.
Stayed here Sept 20-23, 2013. Had 2 GO rooms and a Neapolitan suite. All rooms were clean. Everything we expected. Perfectly fine. Would stay again. . . Construction next door as they tear down Bills. A bit annoying visually but didn't hear it in the rooms and the pool wasn't dusty. . . The casino is a bit older, but here it passes for legitimate old-school charm because the hotel is so legendary. I'ma bit disappointed with the Total Rewards program but all in all it was a good stay.
Boyfriend and I stayed one night in one of their remodeled rooms with a view of the Bellagio fountains to our left and Caesar's Palace directly before us. The floors were made of a wood-like material (it had an interesting texture to it, so I'm hesitant to call it wood, but I don't know what else it could be).. . However, beware jumping onto the couch over by the window in glee because of the view -- due to the floors, when I landed on the couch, I made it slide until it hit the window (gently enough, but I was scared witless because I honestly thought I was going to break the window and fall out, couch and all).. . The beds are comfy, the bathroom is nice. It was an overall pleasant experience to stay here. The concierge was really slow about getting us checked in (even though we arrived pretty damn close to 1AM), so we went straight to the express check-in kiosk instead. Much easier and faster. I highly recommend this option instead of standing in line (unless you have a special request that needs to be conveyed to staff).
****Fun, reminded me of Spring Break in College!****. . Went here for my birthday and had a blast. Check in was at 4pm and I got there a few minutes before, had to wait almost 30mins to get checked in. If you print your reservation and bring it with you, you are able to check in at the "speedy check-in" so I advise that you do this or else you will end up waiting forever like me. . . The room was very clean, pretty basic. Wood floors, nice decor, big window, cable. The bathroom needs to be updated, but it was clean to say the least. . . There was plenty to do, we went to the pool and they had a DJ, tons of people, really good music. There was a bar there called carlos and Charlie's and it had Mexican food there and it was fun, ppl dancing on the bars and free shots, good place to get daytime wasted. . . There was a pizza place located by the elevators to our rooms and when I came walking in drunk at 3am it was still open and sooo good. . . Located right in the middle of the strip, easy to get to the other casinos and night clubs. Only complaints was that the resort fee was $20 a night! no thank you!
My husband and I go to Vegas 2 or 3 times per year and always stay at the Flamingo.  We love the location, the food and the customer service we receive in the VIP area; especially from our Hospitality Host - Alejando Zepeda.  This was the first time we have had issues with the room we were initially placed in, and after a call to Alex all was resolved by the next day; he is the best!  We also enjoy the bartenders at the Flamingo - have been seeing the same faces (some for years now) and always enjoy their service, personalities, and stories.  . . Granted the Flamingo is "tired" and a bit dated, but it is centrally located and affordable.  As we don't get into clubbing or shopping while in LV, we probably won't appreciate the Linq as much as some.  We go to LV to gamble and hope it doesn't turn into the "shopping mecca" and much as the "gambling mecca" we enjoy!  I can shop at home - not on my list of priorities for Vegas!
This is a way late review but it seems when I look for reviews for any Las Vegas hotel that isn't the Bellagio or Venetian they are always really bad.  Well, I stayed here last November because my (now) husband and I decided to elope in Vegas and wanted to do it on the cheap.  Honestly, we chose the Flamingo solely because it was, at one, time Bugsy Seigel's hotel so we thought that was kitschy.  Our room was clean and cute.  Not much of a view but when I'm in Vegas I'm not really there to hang out in my room and stare out a window.  I was so bummed the pools were closed but the garden area was still nicely manicured and a pleasant spot to hang out.  The location is awesome.  Checking in and out was fast and the staff were friendly.  I got my hair done in the salon in the lobby and the girl was awesome.  The folks running the gambling were nice, too.  No, it's certainly not fancy or anything but I guess I'm the only one who went in knowing that.  I liked it and would possibly stay again.  i'm leaving tomorrow to go back to Vegas for our one year anniversary.  We're staying at the Paris this time.  That got a lot of bad reviews, too, so I guess we'll just have to see.
My husband & I went to Las Vegas on our honeymoon last month. We chose to stay at the Flamingo because we liked the idea of staying at the hotel & casino that has more history than any other in the city. Also, we wanted to have a great time but cost was definitely a factor & something we had to be somewhat conscious of while on this trip. We did some research on the more affordable options, including Circus Circus, the Stratosphere, etc. I am so grateful we chose the Flamingo. It is nicer than those mentioned above & several other older hotels. One of my favorite things about the Flamingo is the location. It is centered in the heart of the strip, next to Bally's, the Paris & Harrah's... across from the Bellagio, Caesar's Palace & the Mirage... not far from the Palazzo, the Venetian or anywhere else you could possibly want to go. . . Honestly, I thought the hotel was pretty nice. There are nicer, newer, flashier hotels on the strip, for sure, but the Flamingo is certainly nicer than your average hotel. I love the flamingo's, storks & other birds that guests can take a gander at. The pool was very nice also! It was very tropical & we thoroughly enjoyed our time by the poolside. The view from our room was nice too. It overlooked the Flamingo Habitat, the chapel where we were able to see several weddings taking place (from a distance, of course), and the pool. . . I hope they continue their renovations because, while the hotel isn't getting any younger, it still has the potential to be something great. However, nothing was a big enough issue to take away from our time there. I was also very appreciative of the little cafe right outside the elevators when morning would roll around! . . . Our experience with the staff was only so so. We dealt with three front desk employees: one older gentleman had to assist us with our keys when one would not open the door & was very polite. The man who checked us into our room was alright. He definitely wasn't anything special in regards to customer service but I wouldn't call him "rude." He offered to "upgrade" us, which sounded all well & good at the time. The "upgrade" took us out of one of the remodeled rooms & put us in a "suite" that was very dated with old curtains & furniture. It was also the furthest room on the floor from the elevator... literally. I really did not mind our room, though. It was clean & nice but I feel like I was tricked into staying in a room that was not as nice as the room we booked. We also had an encounter with one woman who was incredibly rude. I wish I would remember what her name was because she is terrible at her job. . . Also, I know Donnie & Marie's gig is their big seller, but they have this enormous billboard promoting the show directly on top of one of the hotel's flashiest signs. It really takes away from the awe factor when the strip lights up. They would be smart to move it. . . One of my biggest complaints is the hotel imposed fee. I know people complain about them all the time & the hotels in Las Vegas just don't care. Its a ridiculous fee to begin with, but what's worse is, the internet in our room was a joke! It was so slow. Fortunately, we did not spend much time worried about the internet.. . Overall, I had a wonderful experience at the hotel. They should have some staff meetings about customer service but other than that, I would recommend the Flamingo to people.
My husband and I went to Vegas for the night for business he had close by the next day.  Check in was a breeze.  There were tons of people standing in line at the front desk, so we went straight to the kiosks and were done in 5 minutes.  . . We were surprisingly impressed by the accommodations.  The rooms were spacious, clean, and they smelled nice.  The decor was very simple, but went very well with the historic theme of the rest of the hotel and casino.  We booked our room off a discount website, so the horrible view of construction wasn't too surprising.  However, the construction was so much that we didn't know how to get into the hotel.  Some direction at booking confirmation would have been very helpful.. . We had a really nice dinner at Center Cut Steakhouse.  We started off with the servers suggestion, the bacon tasting.  If you love bacon you will love this dish!  Beware if the spicy roasted jalapeno!! It's REALLY spicy! My only complaint was the seating pattern the hostess was keeping.  I used to be a server in a very similar place, so I understand how the rotation works and how much more convenient it is for the server to have their tables close together, but I find it tacky and lazy to cluster people together in the dining room when there are so many open tables.. . We hit the roulette table next where my husband came up on $600!  It was a nice, comfortable vibe at the table.  Cocktail service was on point too.. . The gardens were beautiful.  We loved the rich history all over the property.  This is where all the old time mobsters hung out.  We didn't get to enjoy the pool, but we got walk around it and grab a drink at the bar.. . The location of the hotel on the strip was ideal.  We saw a guy sucking on a girls boob just outside the Flamingo's casino on Las Vegas blvd as we walked over to serendipity.
I definitely would stay at the flamingo if you're going for just a quick trip to Vegas! It's right in the middle of the strip! You get for what you pay for so don't expect rooms like Caesars palace! Haha the entrance to the parking was closed so we had to grow through the back!
We upgraded our room and was well worth it. On the weekends it's super busy so the elevators seem very packed and take forever but I bet thats almost everywhere.
Is it new? No  Is it fancy?  No   Is there anything really special about it?  No. . Is it cheap? Yes  Is it in the center of the strip? Yes  Does it have a nice pool, decent restaurants, and a sizable casino? Yes. . So, if you are looking to have the luxury LV experience, go to Caesar's.  If you feel like you are going to spend all you time out of the room and why waste the money, go to the Flamingo!. . *The check in/out lines tend to be really long, but they have do-it-yourself computer terminals that are super easy and fast!
I mean its not some luxury hotel or something but the prices are good, the rooms clean, and they have a fitness center and a nice spa/steam room. This is def the go to place for Las Vegas trips on a budget. It was like $260 for 3 nights for 2 ppl... that's not bad at all. I love that the maids never disturbed us once to clean the room. They cleaned while we were out and about during the day. Our room had a cute view of the strip also which was pleasant. The TV in the bathroom was enjoyable also.. If you are coming to Vegas on the cheap, Flamingo is a good place to pick. Also its close to everything so its convenient. I always stay here when I go to see Celine or other performances at Cesar's Palace since its right across the street.
Great hotel for the price!!! Great service and great location.. . We stayed here 12/9-12/12. . . The hotel and room were very clean and very nice. We got upgraded to a bigger room with a beautiful view. . . We had a problem with our card being double charged. We went to the front desk. They explained why and then they called our bank and got everything reversed so we got our money back*. . Only critique would be they need to add more gambling options and do a little more updating. I would for sure stay here again!!!
They've made a bunch of upgrades to the rooms since the last time I was there when I was a kid. Located on the Strip, this place is easy enough to find, for the price you pay, it's definitely not bad.. . I was here October 10-14 for kickball - it was our big tournament weekend. The Flamingo was our designated hotel, so imagine kickballers from all over the US packed in one hotel (think shit show). I got my own room because my friends' room was already packed, but I didn't mind since we got a pretty good deal. I got there Friday morning (right after the big Yelp OC party) at around 4 in the morning, but I wasn't able to check in til around 11am. My friend let me stay in her room that night since our other friends weren't coming til late Friday afternoon. The guy we talked to when we got there at guest services was awesome - he made it possible so that my room was directly across from my friends and got me early check-in, in addition to letting my friend have a key to my room in case I got locked out. . . When I got to my room the next morning, I was really surprised with how big it was. I guess it was one of those mini suites. I had a nice view of the pool/flamingo area, hardwood floors, a king sized bed (you can bet I took up the whole bed by sleeping at an angle), nice sized bathroom, as well as a little couch.. . I didn't really take advantage of anything else in this place. I had a staff meeting in the conference room downstairs so I didn't get the chance to go to the pool with all the other kickballers, but from what I saw from the pictures, the pool area was really nice. They had cheap tables and lots of different kinds of slots machine downstairs as well. I liked that the hotel was really close to all the parties we went to that weekend. It's on the strip and pretty much in the middle. The only downside really was all the construction going on. It took us about 30 minutes to figure out where the valet was and it also took a while for valet to get our stuff when we left Monday morning. Overall, this place is pretty sweet for the price I paid. I would definitely get my own room again next year if this is the sponsor hotel for our tournament.
