Not bad!  I mean, the wait was short when I went for lunch and the selection of food was endless!  If it weren't for our lazy waitress, the experience would have been excellent. . . The Good:. - Wide selection of food!!!. - Tepanyaki. - Soup station at the Chinese food section. - Some desserts, such as the red velvet cake. . The Bad:. - Orange juice tastes like water. - Lack of fruits. - Gelato, which tastes nothing like gelato. . "Gelato" flavors: Vanilla Yogurt, Chocolate, Strawberry Sherbert, Coconut, Tiramisu, Orange, Mango Sherbert, and Sugar-Free Chocolate.. . I tried all the flavors and I'd say the coconut was the best and the strawberry was THE worst!
Not bad at all, I was very surprised that they have Vietnamese pho , the whole section of Asian foods in there, . THE cool thing that not many people now is If you are Las Vegas residents, you get 50% off  on weekday, except Friday, . . I paid 16$ total including tip for the dinner, CHeap and decent, not that bad at all.
This was the first buffet that I ventured into on my most recent Vegas trip. Very convenient since Bally's offered a shuttle to and from Rio. Once you enter from the main entrance, the buffet is to your left. When we saw the line, we contemplated leaving. It snaked around a couple of times and even blocked the entrance to the casino. It was that bad. Since the shuttle between Rio and Bally's only runs every half hour, we decided to stick around since we were already there. Two of my friends approached the front to ask about the wait time, but they were told to stand in a separate, shorter line that was hidden. I don't know if people are aware that there are automated machines where you can pay and get your tickets. I'm so glad that we were redirected to the shorter line cause our wait time was less than an hour. . . Before we get ahead of ourselves, be prepared for the delay after you pay because you have to wait for available tables. What's up with buffets? It's always wait, wait, wait...but I digress. When we were finally seated, we walked around and saw that this really was a world buffet. Want some pho? They have it. Fried chicken? Got that too. Egg roll? Yep! Dim sum? Got that too! Snow crab legs? Definitely! There's enough variety here to please everyone. Oh, and I must mention the full bar that they have smack dab in the middle of the establishment. Friendly bartender too. Why not get a strawberry margarita ($17) to go with your meal? . . Overall, the food was good and there was a lot of variety. Not bad, not bad at all.
Get the 24hr pass definitely worth it. Ribs not great, salmon dry, Mongolian good just not with beef if you are like me you like your beef well done. Gelatto yummm! Brunch they have these fully loaded mash potatoes absolutely delish. Eggs pretty good as well. Churros are decent but not great. Just get there with plenty enough time b/c the line can get pretty big.
While the food is unremarkable, this buffet, much like Vegas, offers a gloriously excessive opportunity to be ridiculously excessive.. . Is it the best buffet in Vegas?. . Not by a long shot.. . That said, it really doesn't matter.  If this is your first trip to Vegas, check it out.  The food is OK and the sheer scale of this thing must be seen to be believed.
If I happen to be in Las Vegas, you won't find me in the casinos or seeing a show.  You would find me at a buffet.  That's right.  I live for the buffets out there.  I love to eat and I love having a nice selection of food to choose from.  And it's always nice to not have to cook once in awhile.  During my last trip, I only managed to sample a handful of buffets, Carnival being one of them. . . First of all, Carnival is not on the strip.  So, it wasn't as convenient to access.  But I found a shuttle bus from Bally's, so I ventured onward.  One of my friends visits Vegas regularly and recommended this buffet.  I wasn't disappointed.. . From the buffets that I've tried (Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Monte Carlo, Tropicana), this one had the largest selection by far.  The buffet is huge!  It didn't have the best food.  But, the food was good and the selection was great.  There was a taste of many cuisines, ranging from Japanese to Chinese to Italian to American traditional to Indian to Mexican and then some.  The desserts were pretty good, especially the gelato.. . When I go back to Vegas, I'll definitely come back to this buffet.  It was fun!
I went to Rio's Carnival World Buffet for dinner with the Buffet of Buffets Pass.  My boyfriend and I were there Sunday night of President's Day weekend.  We started waiting around 7:10pm and waited for an hour to get in, which wasn't too bad.. . The Carnival World Buffet has a pretty good selection of food (from Asian to Mexican to Italian)...my favorite was the Asian stuff.  Their dumplings were pretty good and the Pho was really tasty as well.  Their desserts were decent as well...the gelato was probably the highlight.. . Service was pretty good.  Our server kept dropping by to check in on us and collected our plates as soon as we were done.. . 3.5 stars overall.
If you're looking to spend less than $30 (after tax total comes to around $27) for a Vegas buffet, this is the best choice because:. . 1. They have a soup station where you can make unlimited bowls of pho, ramen, udon, etc. (I love bowls of hot noodles). . 2. Fresh ingredients available to have a plate of mongolian noodles cooked for you.. . 3. Lots of choices: pizza, pasta, seafood, Mexican, American, Chinese (there's some dim sum), and great dessert selection.. . Quick tip: When you get in line make sure you're not in the "hotel guests" line. There are other lines around the entrance that go to separate automatic cashiers.
Great place to try a plethora of ethnic foods. Nothing really stood out for me individually but being able to eat pho, teppanyaki, seafood, tamales, and gellato in the same place made it all worthwhile. Great experience.
Great deal for locals - 50% off with a player's card and local ID.  This, alone, makes this one of the best value buffets in the city.  At lunch time, this comes to about $10, which is fantastic.  . . Paying so little, we weren't expecting a lot.  But, we were more than pleasantly surprised to see the huge selection, all of which was fresh and tasty.  . . Thumbs up.
Okay the line absolutely sucks and you'll wait 30-45 mins to get seated but hey it's worth it.. . Oh me oh my. It was amazing. It was delicious. It was great.. . I think the price is just right and the food is better than alright.. . I really enjoyed having brunch here, I thought the quality of the food was tres delicious && the variety of food was amazing.. . You want some breakfast food? You'll get breakfast food.. You want some soup? You'll get soup. You want some fishy food? You'll get fishy food.. . K 'nough said. I think you guys get the point on how great my experience was here.
HUGE! Food is good. So much to choose from. 11 stations and over 300 items. By far, one of the best buffets in town. If they didn't charge you for alcohol, I would say its the best overall. The food quality is great and nothings too pertentious. Just good food and reasonably priced.
10.17.10. . My favorite buffet in Vegas.. . Has everything you're looking for.. . Pay via machine, but it can be quite slow if you're using cash.. . Reasonably priced.. . Take a shuttle from Harrah's on the strip and you're right at the Rio.
This place had so many choices. Not all were great but some stuff was very good. It's huge and you can sit around all day if you choose to. Great place to make yourself feel better once you lost a whole bunch of money gambling.
YEAH! The third and last buffet in our 24 hour Buffet of Buffets madness, and definitely the best!  We went to Le Village at Paris, then Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, and finally the Carnival World at Rio.. . Since it had only been a few hours since we filled up at the Spice Market we were a little concerned that our stomach's hadn't had enough time to process everything.  Fortunately (depending on how you look at it), the additional hour long wait in line gave us more time to work up the appetite!. . They had crab legs sticking up out of a pile of ice like a bed of nails or a really unique garden planter.  The crab was not split in half like other places such as Bellagio or Wynn, but if you don't mind the extra work of cracking the shells, it is not a big deal.  Plus, the additional work makes you slow down a little so you don't end up filling up in 20 minutes after waiting in line for an hour.  Our buffet trips are a legendary 4-5 hours of eating in one sitting, so a little time spent shell cracking is no problem.. . The noodle bar is great, not as good as the one at Paradise Garden in Flamingo, but definitely second best so far.  You can pick your noodles, broth, and a few ingredients such as fish balls, chicken, veggies, etc.  Not a large selection, but the noodle broth was amazing.  I got the spicy one of course (also helps you slow down the pace of eating when you have spicy food!).. . This is the firstbuffet I have been too where they do a nice teppanyaki grill.  Similar to the noodle bar, you just load a bowl with the non-meat ingredients, and they add the meat for you before the stir-fry process.  Now, they don't flip any cooking utensils in the air, so the flair was a little lacking, but the food was still tasty!. . Note to Rio: Get rid of that ridiculous Miso soup automatic dispenser.  You have all the fresh ingredients there (tofu, green onions, seaweed, etc.) and then you have what looks like a re-purposed cappuccino dispenser from the break room at the local Toyota dealership.  It is a bit too tacky for your buffet!. . I thought the wood fired pizza oven was a very nice touch.  I recommend you take the extra step to craft some unique pizzas though.  I rarely get pizza at a buffet because the carbs make you feel full to quickly, and lets face it, if it looks like Dominos then I don't need to wait in line an hour for it.  When I walked by the pizza section I just saw your standards there, pepperoni, cheese, mushroom etc.  Why don't you spring for some nice toppings such as prosciutto, artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes, etc.  Or even throw in some mini calzones since you have the wood oven there.. . Ok, enough suggestions.  The full bar in the middle was a nice touch since Vegas and drinking are connected for some strange reason.  The desert section was again amazing, and the gellato was really smooth and fresh.. . Out of the three buffets that we tried in those 24 hours, this was definitely the best, so thanks for helping us to wrap up the day on a good note.. . Food for thought:  If you can go to a winery (which is essentially a buffet of wines) and sample wines by spitting out the wine so you don't get drunk, can't we do the same thing at a food buffet?  Would it be socially unacceptable to bring a little bucket along so you can just taste the food without getting full?  Just sayin'.
Well we had a wonderful time at the Carnival World Buffet.  We actually went for the Champagne Brunch and let's just say, we loved everything that we tried.  With exception of some chewy mongolian beef, everything else was to die for.  The Crab legs were wonderful, the oriental pairing were great and even the salads were great.  My husband fell in love with the Pizza, but also enjoyed all of the seafood selections and of course the Mimosa's, which our waitress was so wonderful at keeping our glasses full.  Our second time around to the Carnival World was for dinner and again, no complaints, and this time we did try the desserts.  Absolutely adorable and the little cheesecakes were to die for, we had actually considered taking a couple back to the hotel.  Yummy and very worth the cost.  Unfortunately we didn't have a chance to try out the Seafood Buffet at the Rio, but Carnival World did not dissapoint.
We originally came to Rio to eat at The Village Seafood Buffet but sad face =( it was closed and did not open for another 3 hours. . I didn't feel like going on a mission of driving to Bellagio or Wynn, just in case they weren't going to be open either so we decide to stay and try this buffet. We were in line for about 45 minutes. It's a long time to wait if your starving but Thank Goodness I had Starbucks before heading over here. . So many options.. where to begin... . Crab Legs.. Fresh . Sushi.. Not so fresh.. I think they used regular rice instead of sushi rice plus there crunchy shrimp roll tasted blah '-' . Some of there Asian items such as there sweet & sour pork, Singapore noodles, wor won ton soup, kung pao were good. You can pass on there Mongolian beef. The beef tasted chewy. . I Loved to give a review on the Italian, Mexican and salad bar but I skipped all those. I was stuck on my crab legs and dessert. . . I was such a chunky monkey that day. I tried at least 9 different desserts. Wait let me rephrase that. I did a taste test on all 9. My favs were red velvet cake, creme brulee, flan, carrot cake & coconut gelato. My least favorite was cream puffs, white cake, cookies and brownies.. . . The service was decent. Our first server was an older lady in her 60's who kept forgetting to bring us our drinks, but we let it pass. I don't know what happened to her but we got a new server. He was pretty nice and attentive to our needs. It got pretty busy so Instead of waiting for our server to come I asked another person who worked there for a fork. She was wearing the same outfit and had her name badge. She gives me a retarded look and said Fork? Ummm.. yes a fork. She was Filipino like myself so I thought do I speak to this retard in my language? Anyways, I repeated myself in English and said Yes a fork. She says I don't know and I'll be back. So waited a few minutes and still she hadn't returned. By that point since she made me wait.. I was going to tell her off =) Not even overreacting. I hate it when people act dumb. Just say you don't know and find out. But It was a good thing she didn't return because it saved all us of drama.. . . Anyways.. I'll definitely come back to this place. It was Yummy!
As part of the Buffet of Buffets, we came here twice: once for breakfast, which was fantastic and the other for dinner.. . The breakfast had a HUGE selection of breakfast and lunch foods.  I don't think you can beat a selection like this one, which included Eggs Benedict and eggs florentine.  They also had some lunch items (in the Mexican cuisine area), which was a nice treat.. . The amount of food for dinner was even better.  You will find food from one end to the other without much duplication.  The prime rib was not better than the Paris' Le Village Buffet, but it's still edible.  To be honest, I was so full from eating the other buffets, I really didn't eat much here (I'm so ashamed).. . The service was really poor though.  It's not something I would expect out of these Vegas buffets since the servers are usually pretty attentive.  This time around, the guy just simply ignored us.  And when we saw the guy and asked for things, he said ok but never came back.  WTF?
I went for Sunday Brunch. I was there at 10am and was shocked at how empty it was there. All the breakfast food is amazing!! They have regional cuisine. Some of it is a little junky but everuything is fresh and the service is amazing...On sunday its $24.95 a person and includes all you can drink champagne. Gotta love that!!
huge buffet... lots of seating that gets filled up fast during lunch and dinner times.  lunch is of course cheaper... and a good price.  dinner includes a seafood section!  king crab legs galore..  [don't know if this is a constant...]. . you walk in and pretty much pay at a machine and wait to be seated.  the hosts, waiters/waitresses are always very well. mannered and polite.  you sit, they ask you what you'd like to drink... and your off!. . the food is extensive.  american, japanese sushi, mexican taco, burrito, tostada station.. salads, soups... seafood, Italian, asian..  . I literally pick and nibble at my food buffet or not, and i love to have amultiple options to pick at.. . I work this buffet like a salad.  I pick a little bit of everything.. and the second time around [which is rare.. because I'll. usually have already had 2 plates of a bite of every thing.. . I think this is just the best way to. go with this buffet.. and every other buffet. . . they have an awesome dessert selection that includes gelato!!
I love this place. It is a perfect place for locals to come eat at. ITS half off for locals. You cant beat that price. They serve chinese dim sum to unlimited crab legs. The only thing i would stay away from is the sushi....
Well definately one of the biggest (if not the biggest still in Vegas) Really great seletion but nothing that is super memorable that stands out except reuben sandwiches which were very good. Lots of desert with Gelato. The thing that makes it a 4 star vs a 3 is that they have locals pricing to save money.
So I was told the Rio had the best buffet in Vegas.  I think they were referring to the seafood one, not this one.  Ooops.  Oh well.  This one was good too.. . My friend said she didn't want to spend more than $20 on a buffet.  This one was something like $17 for lunch. Perfect! Off we went to the Rio on the last day.. . Since, we were getting on the plane that afternoon, all my hard working out for Vegas could now be put to rest.  There were no more swimsuits to be worn and I was ready to full-on pig out!. . I had:. . -Mac and cheese salad. -Shrimp salad. -Cauliflower. -Cod. -Mussels and clams with a creamy sauce. -Orzo salad. -Phad thai. -Shrimp cocktail. -Spanish rice. -A variety of sushi rolls. -Fish ball udon. -Spaghetti with marinara sauce. -Chips and guac. -Yakisoba-to-order bar. -Coconut ice cream, chocolate ice cream. . . The food wasn't quite as good as the Wynn, but the Wynn buffet was also $40.  For $17, I was quite satisfied.   The sushi rolls were a little dinky but I was  happy they had fish ball udon! The ice cream was also pretty good.. . If you're looking for a nicely-decorated buffet restaurant, this isn't it.  The plates are kind of an ugly design and this isn't a super fancy hotel, but whatever. . . For what it was, I was pretty happy, but when we return this summer, we are definitely checking out the seafood buffet!
Long line.... but decent grub. . . Great roasted duck, surprise surprise! . . Awesome eclaires, canolis and gelato. . . Mexican food was average, Asian food was good, and the crab and shrimp were pretty much what one would expect for all you can eat. Pizza and some of the pastas were pretty tasty as well. . . My friends really like the Spice Market buffet at Planet Hollywood, but I like this place better. . . Servers were really nice and helpful.
This place is definitely worth the moneyfor locals. You get half off the price and there is a ton of variety. I wouldnt go too often because it would ruin the experience.
In the past I remember coming here to long lines, but I came here around brunch time on a Wednesday.  Of course, this equals no lines!  Woot woot!  . . I just realized I reviewed this on my Rio Hotel review but I don't mind writing something again.  :). . Lions, and Tigers, and Bears...Oh, MY!. Italian, and Chinese, and American Cuisine (and more)...Oh, My!  :). . They have so much food and you will TRY to eat all but never get to it all so browse everything before making a commitment.  LOL  Even the dessert area will make you feel like this too.  . . Soo, I recommend coming here on a weekday, if you can help it.  :)  Then there's no wait and less people in your way as you bulldoze through the food.  LOL
Real good food.worth. the price.
As a local the buffet gives you 50% off. Dinner is normally 25.00 but for 12.50 it is real good. There is a massive selection of food. As I have become a vegetarian there is a great deal of food to pick from. If your a meat or fish eater they had shrimp, crab legs, prime rib, etc... If i paided 25.00 it would get 3 stars but for what i paided it is definetly a good four star buffet. Real nice desserts and good service also.
Is it the best buffet in town? Who knows, it really depends on what your definition of a good buffet is. I will say this, it is my favorite buffet in Vegas and with locals only paying $12.99 for dinner... its one of the best values in town! I love that there is a wide selection of items to choose from so you never get bored with eating the same thing. Some days its their made to order teppanyaki bar (amazing) and other days its the Prime Rib (best in town) and heck, why not throw in a corndog (its only a corndog) for good measure? The place has what seems like an unlimited array of items to choose from so even the pickiest eater should be able to find something. . . What impresses me the most is that the service is usually very good. Drinks are always full, plates are cleared in a timely manner and the people serving are generally in a good mood. Its not like at another buffet where the meat nazi was cutting off tiny portions of flank steak and was irritated when you asked for more... I'm 6ft, 200lbs I can eat more then that... hello, I think I burned more calories standing in line than what Im gonna get out of that little slab of so called meat... but I digress. We even have one waiter that gives my GF a little bit of a hard time because she gets the same thing every time we are there... I like a place that can have fun and serve good food. . . I think if you are looking for a good place to eat with great local prices the Rio Buffet should be on your list. Just make sure you have a local ID and your Players Club Card.
One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas!. . Not only is the food good, but only $17.99? Can't beat that! I love that they have so many different types of food - from Mexican to Chinese to Italian. And everything is actually pretty tasty. I was pretty impressed with the Chinese food because it tasted more authentic than other buffets. They tend to butcher it pretty badly, but even my boyfriend who is Taiwanese said their Chinese food was pretty good - and he's a tough critic when it comes to that.. . Probably my favorite thing about this buffet is that they serve gelato at the dessert section! I LOVE GELATO! They always have different flavors, too, so it's never boring.. . In short, you must try this buffet! Tasty, cheap, and a wide variety of choices. Need I say more?
Me and my friends got the buffet pass where you pay fifty dollars for a wrist band and you have 24 hours to hit as many buffets you want in these designated seven hotels. We hit three - Planet Hollywood, Flamingo, and Carnival World Buffet. We definitely saved the best for last with this buffet. . . Most of the food was extremely good! Of course, being  a huge buffet, some of the food is not going to be as good. But id say i loved 80 percent of what i ate. Even though 50 percent were crab legs.
For $10 as a Las Vegas local, you get the all-you-can-eat world buffet. Talk about amazing!! Everyone knows in Vegas $10 doesn't go far but at this buffet I can get endless drinks, desserts, and food from all over the world. I sampled a lot of the food and I have to say this might possibly be the best deal I have ever gotten, and its hands down the most for your dollar deal I have encountered in Las Vegas.. The quality of the food is questionable, it tasted delicious but obviously its buffet food so its more cooked for quantity not quality. The service was less-than average, but none of that really matters because this buffet delivers with the food and the pricing!!
I always seem to feel satisfied after eating here. There is a huge selection so you can pretty much find something to fill your craving whether it's Mexican, Asian or meat and potatoes. You almost never have to wait for the crab legs or shrimp cocktail to be refilled. I do miss the hot dogs and burgers from long ago.. . I find myself craving the udon here. I can make it myself at home, but the udon here, even though it's simply noodles, soup and green onions, is tasty.. . Deserts are good.  I like the gelato.  No cotton candy though.. . Locals 1/2 off deal is great.  But it's only Monday - Thursday and Sunday during dinner. Up to two people per Id, so a local can hook up an out of town visitor.
This is still one of my favorite buffet in LV.  Traveling on a BOB (buffet of buffet) we had breakfast here.  Even for breakfast, they still presented a huge selection and it doesn't look or taste like recycled food from the night before.
I came here during lunch. I was very surprised that it was only $20 a person. Usually lunch at a buffet around here would be $25 and up. . This place is pretty good. They have everything here. Each station had their own ethical foods ranging from American, Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc. I ate so much here, I forgot what I even had. -_- but I will tell you it's the $20 bucks I ever spent for lunch =] . I had their Gelato for dessert, the line is pretty long but well worth it. It was so good that I even had withdrawals when I came home back in Cali! . I somehow got drunk here too. My friend and I ordered Mimosas here just because we wanted a "Sunday Brunch" feel to end our trip before going home. So that was nice. =] I'd come here again for lunch!
This is one of the better budget buffets in Vegas. For about $20 (after 25% off from buying show tickets at the 1/2 price ticket booth), you can sample international delights and tasty desserts.. . Some highlights for me were:. 1. prime rib. 2. king crab legs with drawn butter. 3. mongolian noodle bar (chow mein made to order). . Service was great too. I suggest going early (maybe around 6 or 7pm) coz the line could get super long!
This is one of the decent buffets in Vegas that offers awesomeness :) I love the non-stop choice of food. What I realllly crave for is the never ending gelato (chocolate, vanilla and cookies and cream) and the Raspberry Tart :D . . They also had a humongous serving of primed ribs for the meat-eater, a heavily stuffed bar kiosk of king crab legs (it's a huge bouquet of king crab legs!) . . I remember they had American,  Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Seafood and Salad Food Bars as well.. . Overall, this is awesome as well as they do give coupons via your hotel or travel agent :)
I can hardly breathe as I type what we ate here today:. . 6 different kinds of pizza. Chicken parmesan. Caesar salad. Beet salad. Crab salad. Sauteed veggies. Cheese omelette. 2 kinds of breakfast sausages. Bacon. Hash browns. Waffles & syrup. Blintzes. Pancakes w/blueberry or strawberry toppings. French toast. Lox & bagels. Sushi. Fettucine alfredo. Baked chicken. Bbq beef & pork ribs. Roast beef. Ham. Mashed taters. Green beans. A whole salad bar area. Make your own pho. A whole sushi area. Baked salmon. Make your own chow mein. Fried shrimp, scallops, clam strips & fish. Snow crab legs. Peel & eat shrimp. A taco bar w/all the fixings. Dim sum (baos, shu mai, sesamw balls). Eggrolls. Taquitos. Assorted danishes. . Oooof........ . And desserts!!:. . Cakes (choc, carrot, red velvet w/cheesecake). Fruit pies. Banana and chocolate cream pies. Sugar free pies, cream pies, tarts. Bananas foster. Cherries jubilee. Cream puffs. Nutella tarts. Churros. A whole array of gelatos. Cookies. . Oooof....... . With the Rio's player card, we got a discount on the 24-hour Buffet of Buffet passes, so it was under $50/person to eat unlimited amounts of food for a 24 hour period.. . I need a nap to digest and make room for our next buffet...
Went here a couple of weeks ago for brunch.  The line was long and moved very slow when we went.  When you do go to the front of the line you have to pay through an atm looking machine that you give money to instead of the other way around.  I found it kind of annoying.  I think that's why the line moved so slow.  It's everyone trying to figure out how to use the dang machine. . As soon as you pay though.  You get seated pretty quick and the feast begins.  At the time, they served mimosas for brunch.  Our server made sure the mimosas kept flowing.  He also made sure we had plenty of water with ice.  I made sure that we tipped him good before we left.. As far as the buffet goes.  It was awesome.  My wife is not a big buffet person and she even loved it.  They pretty much have anything you could want at a buffet for brunch.. I had the asian pork ribs, prime rib and shrimp cocktail.  So good.  After two plates I was full.  I was kind of bummed because I couldn't eat anymore.  I really had my heart set on some dessert but at that point I was done.  Definitely one of the better buffets in Las Vegas if you don't mind the long lines.. One cool thing I found out was if you live in Las Vegas.  You eat for half price at the Carnival buffet.  So the locals get some love which is fine with me.
I have always loved coming to this buffet when im in Vegas. It never disappoints and always has a great variety of food. The last time i was here was about 5 years ago and i heard from some friends that they did a little make over and added alot more food as well. Woah, wait how can they possiby fit anymore food stations in here, they have almost every kind of food knowen to man errr women to be matter of fact! But i guess not!  We decided to start our buffet challange here. And let me tell you when you come to the Carnival make sure you have alot of patience because it takes a little while to actually get seated. When we arrived after paying for our dealio, we stood in line for a good 20-25minutes waiting to be seated along with the other's who were also waiting in line. It seemed like it was slow inside the buffet and there were tables and booths that were open. Maybe they were understaffed that day. There was one hostess who was working the three lines of people. One at a time she would ask how many in the party then let you go, wait another 5 mintues then go to the next line and repeat! Come on lady we have 4 very hungry Yelper waiting to get their hungry hungry hippo on!!!  At last we were finally seated.. Out waiter was nice, took our orders for drinks (non alcoholic). It took him a little while but we finally got our order. If you want alcoholic drinks the bar is located in the middle of the buffet and is pretty reasonable priced. They have drink special just about every half hour as well.. . Instead of telling you what i ate: Here are some of the highlights that they have here:. . Carving station that serves Prime rib and Ham. I had a slice of both, the prime rib was so overcooked that it was a challange to cut it so i gave up! The ham was cooked prefect and tasted yummy!. . Mashed potatoes, ribs, and assorted vegetables. . Sushi ( I wouldnt recommend it). . Hush puppies, onion rings, and shrimp,fried fish fillets,taquitos and wings. . Anorexic crab legs, peel-and-eat shrimp and Scallops. . A full salad bar. . Pancakes, Eggs, Waffles, Bagels, Muffins, Lox, Cream Cheese, Omelettes, Hash Browns, Bacon Bacon Bacon!!. . Plenty of pasta with various sauces in case you want to make your own. . Pizza of all kinds. . Egg rolls and various dim sum and even BBQ pork! . . Made-to-order stations were popular and served: . Pho . Stir-fry. . Tacos that you can build yourself and quesadillas. . Desserts:. A gelato bar serves eight different flavors. Various mini cheesecakes. Slices of pie and cakes. Fresh Fruit. Raspberry filled churros. Cookies. Cream Puffs. Bananas foster. . They also have alot of sugar free desserts as well!!. . Between the four of us we totally killed the buffet, and walked away in total buffet coma's.
The Carnival World Buffet @ Rio has always been a favorite. When they first opened up, it was the best of the best. No other buffet could compete. But over the last few years, their quality has dwindled as up and coming buffets opened up nearby. They have picked up their game recently to compete with the big boys. Selection was never an issue with them as it's one of the best.. . This will be a picture review of my plates:. . 1. http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/GIZFNvedqjWKwRBk5ZCiig/l.jpg. Imitation crab salad was good, cucumber salad was average, bacon was salty, sausage patty was salty, cream cheese blintz was excellent!. . 2. http://s3-media3.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/4QBfJGP37gmmGK-9YeU8QA/l.jpg. They had a noodle station with various noodles and broths. I opted for a bowl of pho. The pho was pretty good for buffet style. Broth lacked, but beef choices were good.. . 3. http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/2Vuy8dUMOdn5GYOAVR3rfg/l.jpg. The Mongolian BBQ station. I choose shrimp as my protein. Typical fare here, I've never had Mongolian BBQ that wowed me. Not too shabby.. . I was full after that and got gelato and flan for dessert. Nothing to complain about there.. . I was stuffed and happy, that's all there is to it.
Consistently good food and a HUGE selection. . . As part of the Buffet of Buffets program, my family and I came here to dine first. We'd come back a few more times before leaving Las Vegas. . . First off, the place has TONS of food from all kinds of different ethnic cuisines. All of it is yummy. From the dim sum to the chicken wings to the pretzel bread to the pseudo-churrasco area of meats, everything was just so tasty!. . The standards were great. This is actually the first place I've ever had chilled crab legs, but they tasted fantastic! A little on the smaller side, but hey, it's a buffet. The prime rib was excellent! It was well seasoned, perfectly cooked and unbelievably tender. I still prefer the prime rib at Le Village, though. . . The desserts were amazing as well. The little various torts they had were good, as was the flan and cheesecake. What really shines is the gelato. It was awesome!
I normally don't think Buffets in general serve good food. Other than the M Buffet and Todai - Buffets offer me no excitement whatsoever.... . My sister brought her house guest to this buffet 2 wks ago and she eagerly told me about this buffet and how I would enjoy the Pho station and the pork/shrimp shumai. Most importantly that locals get a 50% discount- Really? Cool!!!! . So, off we went a few days later and yes it was true locals get half off (that means only a little over $8.00 for lunch) but now you do need not only a local ID but a Rio players club card. So pay the players club a visit first if you don't have one already. Oh, and along with your brand spankin new Rio players club card you'll also get $5.00 in slot play and a coupon book.. . Alright, back to the buffet- most of the time be prepared to wait in a line especially in the locals/discount line.. It did take way to long to be seated but once we were seated our drink orders were taken and off we went to eat...... I really enjoyed the Pho station- the chicken ginger infused broth was soothing good. It wasn't salty or bland, I thought it was just right. That broth comes with fresh egg noodles but realistically you can have whatever noodles you want in it. If you want pork wontons steamed with your noodles just let them know.  I got the egg noodles and I thought they tasted really fresh- like from a good ramen. There are also different condiments that you could add to your Pho like beansprouts, fish cakes, and a chicken mushroom ball. Of course there is soy sauce, Sriracha sauce and other flavorings to add to your liking.. . I would come to this buffet just for the Pho station....For the price (about $8.40) at a restaruant you'll get one bowl of Pho but at this buffet you could have as many bowls as you want and with different broths and noodles. Yup, so worth it!!!!. . The shrimp/pork shumai is really yummy...... The spicy shrimp salad located on the far right of the buffet is yummers and the shrimp mango salad on the far left of the buffet is yummers also.. The cranberry rolls eaten with butter is good...... I thought the rice texture in the sushi was alot better than in other buffets.. I thought the dessert part was lacking..... I look forward to dessert and the variety just wasn't there. The red velvet sqaures were weird because it's topped with a real tangy raspberry jelly thing-Not good!!!! The cookies - blah..... There was a dark choclate ganache thing in a mini pie shell - it was OK.. The gelato was the savior dessert with options like Mango and Orange Cream.. . Some things I liked and some things I didn't - sounds like a typical buffet to me but because of the price at lunch added with the Pho station, I would come back.....
I usually don't do buffets... but Every trip to Vegas deserves a trip to this buffet.  My girls and I always hit up the Rio for the extensive buffet and it's wonderful selections... . . Decently priced also and you can sit and enjoy for as long as you like.  I  highly recommend the mongolian bbq station where they make your plate fresh to order....also the crab legs that are served after 3pm... MMMmmmmmm... Every 15-30 minutes the bartender announces drink specials like $3 margaritas/mix drinks.  Love the dessert guy, he's a crack up!... . . No matter what your palette, or who you're with.. everyone will find something they like here.
Best buffet I've been to here in town. Service was great and the food was fresh.  The only thing that sucked was the wait to get in other then that i will be going back there t
Three words: unlimited crab legs. . That itself sells buffet to me. I love crab and shrimp and unlimited... Sold. I'm the type of person who... If I go to a buffet... I'll eat my money's worth or even more than the cost. I know crab legs are pricey... So i filled up on rab legs and ate a lot. It was like my own 'Boiling Crab' there.. . There are other selections but honestly didn't pay as much attention bc of my whole food/price ratio. I had this delicious sausage (that's what she said) and ome greens... But it was mainly the crab legs. It has no taste but you go to another kind of dish you liked (if the sauce I like) - pour the sauce on the crab. Yum. (yes, I can be ghetto like that).. . The price for lunch is $27 includes alcohol.. . Service. Standard. Had to ask for honey several times.. . Overall... Not bad. Just eat the crab legs!
Hella yum! And locals get 50% off?! Its like a bogo!. . I LOVE buffets! Most of the time I dont eat a ton; but this time was a little different! Our bill for 2 adults and a child was only 27$! WHAT A DEAL! That also includes any non alcoholic drinks! We stood in line for about 30mins, and I didnt mind because it was like a treasure at the end of the rainbow! We got sat and I took it all in... ahhh I was in heaven!. . I started off at the meat caving area; I'm not a big meat eater so I got some red mashed potatoes (YUM!!!) w/brown gravy, some fried shrimp, and some onion rings. I next got some little french breads(AWESOME!) some pork loin (too sweet), red potatoes(ORGASM!!), some quesadillas, and other goodies. All were sooooo yum!! I didnt expect much because it wasnt a million dollar gourmet buffet... haha jk! Anyway my expectations were greatly surpassed!!. . My son had some bbq ribs and corn and tore it up! He loved it here!! The bf had a bunch of stuff and was super excited with his crab legs... which I did not have any of! LOL. Our waiter were very great and we never had to flag one down! Dinner was awesome, basically! lol.. . Now on to the deserts! I had a plethora! Some cheesecake, eclairs, red velvet cake, tiramisu gelato, banana creme pie tart, chocolate tart thing, and bananas foster! OMFG! Seriously I thought I died and went to desert heaven! It was all perfect! I'm actually wanting to go back tomorrow for lunch then try breakfast as well!!. . Go there if you want to eat at a cheap buffet!! Its delish, has a ton of different food, and you will def leave happy!! OH they also have a cash bar!! So go get your buffet and booze on!
Came here as our last stop for the Buffet of Buffets deals. Out of all the buffets available with this deal, this is the best buffet to go to for dinner. There's sooo much to choose from and the buffet is huge! Expect a lot of walking back and forth, which is good considering all you will be eating! They also have a lot of yummy desserts to choose from. Definitely stop by here for your dinner with your buffet pass or if you don't have a pass, it's definitely worth paying the full price.
Very good selection of foods. Everything I got was good if not above average as far as buffet goes. Fried calamari was good mex food was good & Asian soup station was pretty good. Tue desserts were very good wit gelato red velvet cheesecake tarts & cookies. Good variety. Fam enjoyed & my 9 yr old loved. Ate more than normally do at buffet cause was delicious. Tried others in town but think this is one of best of the bunch.
Perfect for a big group of ppl. We were 14 people and with the price of 24.99 for sunday bunch (including all you can drink mimosas), this is a place where everyone can get what they want. There is something for EVERYONE. It may not be the BEST quality of the strip but it has the most choices. I got to this buffet every time i go to vegas. Its a must!!! Yum Yum!!!
What can be said about the world's biggest buffet except that it carries it's bang for it's buck!. . Firstly, if you park in the self parking garage, you will have to literally walk through the entire casino floor to get to the front entrance. Not a problem, just a small gripe I had. . . I arrived, as a newbie, to the buffet on a Sunday morning to the shock of a smaller than normal line. My friend is an avid Carnival eater and told me that the line becomes more over than an hour the later in the day, especially on the weekends. I'm happy she was there to guide me and my friends.. . As a pollotarian (look it up), I always hope for a wide variety of vegetarian, chicken and other poultry-related items to be in the menu of the buffet I attend. Luckily the Carnival World Buffet did not disappoint. With over 300 types of dishes available on average, my taste  buds were kept busy continuously. From the delicious breakfast buffet bar(ooh, alliteration) to the Chinese section to the fresh soups, noodles & teppanyaki area, I was filled to the brim within an hour. I stocked up on the gelato bar, mini desserts & the wide variety of fresh fruit. . . My friend is a 5'4" persian girl, but my oh my did she do the seafood section justice. From crab legs to shrimp to what have you, you get your fill of the cast from the Little Mermaid when you stop by there.. . Did I forget to mention on Sundays the $25 price tag(mind you there are coupons all over the place) gets you a BOTTOMLESS mimosa buffet? I was all smiles from ear to ear when I discovered this.. . You will hear from people about how there are "better" buffets (at a "worse" price) and "cheaper" buffets (at a "worse" experience, think the bathroom 4 hours later), but I would have to agree with my expert friend and say that the Rio's Carnival Buffet gave me a little bit of everything I needed...booze included. Stop by on your next trip to Sin City! There is a shuttle leaving all day from the Ballys hotel on the strip so you don't need to drive!
Went here for lunch and it was still SUPER YUMMY!!!
Probably one of my favorite buffets when I go to Vegas. The only downside is that it's off the strip. The price is descent, just like any other buffet. I believe it's about $18 for lunch and jumps to $25 for dinner. They have a lot here! It's  huge buffet with all different kinds of foods. My friend told me that this is one of the biggest ones. I would say this is third behind Bellagio and Paris.
We stayed at the Rio Hotel for the Evo 2011 convention and ate at this buffet restaurant. I had crab for breakfast daily. It was fresh and delicious. They had variety of food from various types of international soup, Mongolian BBQ, to Italian pizza. Breakfast menu is awesome. I love the egg florentine, it was delicious. The service provided by the waiter and waitress was lovely. Be aware of the wrinkled lady with glasses. When she starts talking down to you, just ignore her. Sometimes when people get old, they no longer care what comes out of their mouth. Besides that, the servers & Chef made this restaurant an exceptional place to be. :). Weekdays is $15, weekends is $43.
This is a staple for Vegas locals!!  It is only $13 for dinner and worth every penny.. . We use the phrase "Left side, strong side" because that's the side of the buffet where the crab legs, prime rib, and desserts are on :). . Try the cookies and cream gelato!!. . The drawback is the long, long, long lines to get in.  Get there early in the evening or be prepared to wait and then wait some more!!
Loved this buffet! Made the BF decide that we are staying here the next time we come back. Everything was cooked well and you had a ton to choose from.
On a scale of Harrah's buffet to Bellagio's buffet, Carnival World Buffet at the Rio comes in at a 4 - same level as the Paris buffet. I've been going to Vegas my entire life, and I had never been to the fan-favorite Rio buffet. While on vacation, I stopped in here with my boyfriend and his mom because the three of us like seafood. It was lunch time, and I did not have nearly the wait my fellow Yelpers have complained about. Good luck or timing I guess! . . The price is not bad for lunch at all, I think $18 or around there. It's espeically worth it if you're a crab lover. Unlimited crab legs are delicious and the buffet is HUGE. If you're a picky eater, you will find something here.. . It sucks that the Rio is not on the strip because I find it a hassle to get over there. It's worth the money and the food is quite good.
I love this place. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of the price. $30 a person plus tip is the most i have ever spent on a buffet. It is worth it though. The food quality is great along with obviously the choices. I used to come here more when the prices were lower. Now i only come here when i come with some one who hasnt been here before. There aren't many good buffets in vegas. Just mediocre
Bought the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass to any of the Harrah casino buffets. Yes, I'd do it again. Would avoid Paris, though. Was impressed with the Rio buffet though. Did it twice and each time the food was fresh and actually had flavor to it, which are 2 things that most buffets lack. Be sure to get the ice cream. Interesting flavors and tasty.
Short explanation: Bacon and omelettes. . I can't recall the last time I've had bacon so perfectly cooked and flavorful. I ate too much bacon there.. . Omelette: After spending years trying to make a good omelette at home the short order/chef woman taught me how just by my observing. I can now make something almost as good as hers at home. I wish I could go back again and learn all over to make sure I didn't miss anything (is an omelette really that complicated? yes!). . I got a 24 hour pass and came 3 times a few weeks ago. Did this place used to be open 24 hours? I was disappointed to see that it closed at 10. . . Everything was great and I can't give it 5 stars because buffet reviews are basically about comparing them to others especially in Vegas so there's always a possibility that there's something better. I'm convinced though that most of the hotels get their food from the same suppliers so we're all just imagining one is superior to the other :). . Selection was OK but I wish it just had a few more things..like more types from the same cuisine. I was surprised to see pho at dinner but considering it's popularity in the last few years it makes sense. Don't expect a good sushi/sashimi bar--definitely not there.. . Just don't make the same mistake I did and go after your pass expires. I lost track of time from being inside the hotel for 2 days and waited in line for 20 minutes only to go up with my pass and have the cashier look at me funny. . . Will we ever see the buffets list their basic ingredients? I hope so because there were things I tried to avoid because I didn't know what it was made from (allergies). . . I'll be back someday but I gotta see the rest of  the world first!
Great selection and the prime rib was really tasty. The gelato station was amazing and I also loved the "ham" that actually tasted like sirlion steak lol. . my only complaint is the beer promo they had , i think 3 dollars for a 16oz glass or something, which when I was about to get, they told me they ran out of glasses...wtf?
well done Flamingo Casino.!. . TIME SPENT. 2 meals @ Dinnertime. . LAYOUT. big - spacy - clean.^^   comfy seats and a big selection...   the lines are SUPER long, but that's nothing abnormal for a Vegas Buffet.. . SERVICE/FOOD. good, friendly, hard working waitresses...  the unsung heroes of ur buffet wars.  LMAO.^^. . excellant all around.   i honestly cannot find something i did not enjoy...  you may say that the Chinese section is greasy, but that's Chinese for you.^^;. . NOTE:  bypass the $45 Flamingo Seafood Buffet...   CWB offers the same "fresh" quality Snow Crab Legs and no restrictions on the Lobster Bisk (full of tasty lobster).. . PRICING. the average cost of a Vegas Buffet - which is $25, but is $15 if you get a VIP card.!!. . CLOSING. $15 for a buffet that doesn't go cheap on it's food service is NUTS...   you'd be hard-pressed to beat that.
I still find this place one of my favorite buffets in LV, because of their variety.  You should look into purchasing the 24 hour buffet passes which includes this place and many others within the chain.  They have so much to choose from: Mexican, American, Asian, Italian and Middle Eastern food and don't forget their big selection of desserts.. I'm not a buffet person so the only way I can get my bang for my bucks are with the crab legs and the endless mimosas! Only downside is that they do not steam the crab legs for you.
Nearly one of the biggest buffets i been to. Though I rarely ever go to buffets.
HUGE selection. I wish I was able to try every single thing they had available. The food I had tried were tasty. Most notable items: Seafood and Chinese section had a good variety of foods. Snow crab legs piled nice and high. & the Chinese roasted pork was moist and flavorful but I had to pick and prod around the fatty areas. Italian and American section however was seriously neglected. . . Overall the sections were well stocked, kept, and cleaned. Our waiter (Kevin) was nice and attentive. He kept our drinks full and our table was well stocked with utensils and napkins. I wish they would open a buffet like this on the east coast. :)
food was good... . the wait was not..
even the pickiest eaters will find something yum to appease their hunger at this never ending buffet.  anything and everything from Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Italian, and Jamaican to country cooking and good ol fashion *American* favorites span at least a half block.. . i was surprised the desserts were limited, but i'm assuming the dinner selection is more expansive (we came straight from airport for lunch).  don't pass up the gelato, especially vanilla bean and cookies n cream- mmm pure decadence for a buffet off the strip.
Back again two years in a row. Yes, this buffett is that GOOD.. (If you check in with foursquare you get $5 off!) . . So much variety and each flavored perfectly in it's culture. The buffet line gets pretty long, but I say it's worth it. You can't try everything inone sitting, next time I'm getting that 27-7 buffett pass thingy so I can come anytime!. . Best dessert selections too all I got to say is GELATO.. . Location isn't bad, just a bit off the strip but we stayed at Palazzo so it was fine. Good to walk around anyways to work off the food you eat.
I keep on putting this review for the Rio buffet off, and I've been eating here since I was a freshman at UNLV in 1996!  About time I give this place some props!  For those in the know, the Rio buffet was the one that started it all in Las Vegas when it came to fancy all-you-can-eat!  Gone was the $4 buffet of gloopy leftovers (I'm talking about you Sahara),and in came the glitz and glamour!  The Carnival World Buffet was THE buffet to visit when you came to Sin City back in the 90's.  It was the best.  It was the biggest.  And damn, it was good!. . Rio's buffet was voted best buffet in Las Vegas for years.  Of course, times change a bit and now you've got other big players in the 'Buffet Battle' as I like to call it - Wynn, Bellagio, M, Wicked Spoon and more all competing for the coveted award.  Yep, the Rio may not be the biggest and brightest as of right now, but it still holds a special place in my heart.  Back in the fall of '96...fellow college buddies and I pulled off an all-dayer, we stayed at the Carnival World Buffet from the beginning of lunch to the beginning of dinner!  It was a glorious 5 hours of gluttony, belt-notch loosening, and packs of TUMS!  Of course, it didn't help that the bathroom is so conveniently placed right inside the buffet to make those trips to the chow line much easier on you.  And yes, as annoyed as our server was that we took up a table for so long...we did tip her very well.. . The food quality back then was good, and in my opinion I think it is still very good to this day.  Come on now, this is a buffet, pulling off Michelin star cuisine while keeping the price under $30 is near impossible!  For what it's worth the quality of the food is still excellent.  It must be because this buffet still packs in the folks on a daily basis.  They are after all, the 1st buffet in Las Vegas to start the automated teller line used to pay for your food!. . I enjoy literally a little bit of everything from this buffet.  My fav is still the Asian section where you can get Chinese dishes made fresh, several choices of dumplings, char siu pork, and for dinner the ever popular roast duck (I have been know on occasion to snipe half the tray at first sight of it being put out).  There is also the great noodle bar, where you can get a decent bowl of ramen, pho, udon, or even some tom yum goong.  Me a like a de spicy!. . No, the sushi section is not Morimoto fresh but wow do those guys make a great teppanyaki.  I like the fresh veggies mixed with shrimp and beef topped with their great sauce.  I get a plate to share with the table every time.  Their gourmet pizza ain't too bad either, I always grab a fresh slice of two.  For those of you who are old school like me, you remember the pizza station replaced the burger, fries, and shake station that used to be there when the Carnival World Buffet was still in it's infancy.  True story!. . One reason I really like this buffet?  They make Reubens!  I like a decent Reuben sandwich.  I get one without fail.  Here's a tip though, ask the chef nicely to make you a fresh one on the grill because sometimes the ones sitting out under the warming trays can get a little dry.  Tipping is your friend!. . I could go on and on about everything I've tried here over the years.  There's American, there's seafood, there's Italian, there's BBQ, and oh the desserts!  Honestly, I love the fact the have fresh Bananas Foster always at the ready.  I top mine off with some vanilla gelato and I'm a happy camper.  . . Service here is quick, polite, and efficient because they move a ton of plates everyday!  Pricing is very reasonable for buffet standards in Las Vegas:. . Breakfast - $15.99. Lunch - $17.99. Dinner - $24.99. Weekend Champagen Brunch - $24.99. . But wait, there's more!  Las Vegas locals are some lucky people because we get 50% off breakfast, lunch, and dinner, M-F and dinner on Sunday!  Cheapness is the bestest!  All you need is your Nevada ID and an empty stomach.  Don't forget, the Rio Carnival World Buffet is also on your list of the gut-busting Buffet of Buffets!  Eat on my friends, eat on.
Came here about four times. I read the other reviews and to be honest, I think all these other reviews are just expect way too much. It's one thing to be critical but another to just enjoy the food you eat. Life is too short to be worrying about each and every single bite. . . In my opinion, this buffet is great. I went on a Saturday night for dinner and it was 28 per person(including tax but not tip) in which my table included myself, my mom, and my dad. We all really enjoyed the food. The food was very good quality with a very wide variety. The only foods I didn't like was it's Mexican servings because it looked almost exactly like taco bell. But I don't come to buffet to eat Mexican food so everyone should leave their Mexican taste buds for outside the strip when you're intoxicated. When you're here, get the crab legs and shrimps. It's pretty dank and very fresh. Plus, it's a buffet, so get HOWEVER much you want! . There's also a good choice of meats from sausages to prime ribs. All fresh and high quality as well. I wish I could've taken a picture but my hands were full as I was holding plates of endless food :) . . But to make it short and clear, the food is worth its value. Especially on the weekdays since it's less than twenty bucks.
I came here before but this time I came for the Buffet of Buffets.. . My favorites include shrimp cocktail, snow crab legs (not salty), sauteed clams, beet salad, strawberry gelato, coconut gelato, mango gelato, double chocolate gelato. The creme carmel and creme brulee were way better here as compared to the Spices PH buffet. The creme was soft and silky and the brulee was nice and crunchy at Rio.. . They have really good American/southern, Chinese, seafood, Japanese and dessert section.. . The roasted duck and cha sieu is awesome.. . Somehow I managed to eat 8 plates in total. YUM-o!
DELICIOUS! So much variety, and great service. All for only 25 bucks! Just wish it were closer to the strip.. but then again, I'm sure the price wouldn't be as wonderful.. . The only thing I wasn't happy about, was that I didn't have enough room in my belly to fit more food!. . I'll be back next time, FOR SURE.
I come here for a few things in particular. (I must note I only come here when they are running a special, because I am a cheap local who doesn't want to venture into a casino except for a damn good reason.). . Crab legs..peel n eat shrimp...gelato and the pick your own stuff Asian food. . . I can eat crab legs like a pro, and five or six plates in a sitting. No thats not a typo. I do NOT mess around when it comes to crab. I am pretty sure I have taken out a few generations of the delicious beasts at this buffet. I can sit all day and just peel and munch.  My sister loves to take me because she says it is like a magic show. :D . . Peel and eat shrimp, ditto.. . Now, this is a casino buffet that runs 25 bucks for two locals on special. I am totally not expecting legs nor shrimp like at the delicious Kings Fish House. (If they had all you can eat, me and them would be bankrupt.) I dont care if the legs are ginormous, or the shrimp are ginormous. Who cares? I can have as much as I want and I gots the time!! They are definitely comparable in size to Red Lobster at a fraction of the cost. . . I digress. . . I LOVE STIR FRY. It is one of the few things I have not perfected in my own kitchen, and so drool and salivate over it when I am at a buffet they have the make your own. All I want is a giant plate of baby corn, water chestnuts, bamboo shoots and broccoli.( Avoid the sushi next door. Trust me. It is so americanized it might as well have a Mcdonalds sign. However the Udon station is pretty awesome. ). . So when I go, I get a plateful of each of these things and get comfortable. Then I go for another round. Nom!  Gelato or two on the way out the door and I am ready to nap the day away.. . Also...it is busy and there are people everywhere, and the line is hella long. Pretty much always. Its one of the most famous buffets in Vegas...hold your horses man!
Been here three times and every time was great. . . The roast beef is top of the line. It was perfectly cooked, with a pink red center, and crispy cooked outside. . . The crap legs were fresh, and sweet. It is great with a little butter or lemon juice. . . The soup and Chinese selection is great and the dessert bar is one of a kind. . . Definitely come here when your in Vegas.
After reading about the BOB from fellow Yelper's, I knew this was the first buffet we needed to stop at. . . Like everyone else has said, this buffet is HUGE. My boyfriend and I definitely did a walk through first to see all that they had and then decided on what we wanted. My favorite thing here was at the Asian section, where they can cook up different soups. I loved the won ton soup. . . The Asian section was my favorite, but I liked the prime rib, teriyaki ribs and mashed potatoes as well. I'm sad that I didn't do the BBQ section, butI was too full by the time I went back by it. . . This buffet had the best service by far. They were very attentive, kept drinks full, cleaned up plates quickly and made sure we had enough napkins. With or without BOB, this is one that you should check out while visiting Vegas!
**Price**.        - $15.99 Breakfast 8am-11am Mon-Fri.        - $18.99 Lunch 11am-3:30pm Mon-Fri.        - $26.99 Dinner 3:30pm-10pm.        - $26.99 Champagne Brunch 8am-3:30pm Sat & Sun.        - All the prices are with Total Rewards card. It's $3 more without..        - Locals with Total Rewards card get 50% off. Up to 7 guests. I believe this is everyday except Saturday.. **Notes (Dinner Buffet Experience)**.        - 4 Stars - The only reason I give this place a 4 star is what you get for the price (if you're a local). It's a huge variety of food for a great price..        - Not The "Village Seafood Buffet" - Don't get this buffet confused with the other Rio buffet on the other side of the casino (http://www.yelp.com/biz/village-seafood-buffet-las-vegas)..        - Crab Legs - Their crab legs are a little smaller than other places. With that said, they're still good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=Dujfh1Qhx3BzbEL9vEQM7g)..        - Asian Selection - They have duck, a couple popular dim sum items. Outside of an actual Chinese restaurant, it's really good..        - Prime Rib - I've had varying experiences. On average, it's a bit overcooked (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=OPiuOSP5l7l3x7k5SNqzrA)..        - Fried Goodness - They have fries, curly fries, hush puppies, clam strips, fried cod. My only complaint is the cod is usually a little dry..        - Desserts - They have your standard pies/cakes you see at most local casinos..        - Selection - This buffet has one of the largest selections to choose from. From one end to the other, of the non-repeating buffet aisle is quite a hike..        - Quality - On almost everything on the menu, I'd say the taste and quality is just average..        - Line - The dinner line starts piling up around 5:30 on the weekdays. The long can get pretty long so come early.. **Recommendations**.        - I'd only recommend this place to locals. $13.50 for a so-so dinner buffet isn't bad. However, I'd never pay $27 for this place.
This isn't that bad at all. In fact this might have been one of the better buffets in LV. Unfortunately it's freaking far away, across the highway. If you plan on walking there from the strip you might as well join all the dead animals out in the desert. . . This place is huge. The food I thought was great and the service was good too. They had everything that most buffets don't have, they cook food, make soups and noodles and much more. There's obviously Asian foods, because we all know a buffet is nothing without Asian food, steaks, and salad bars. . . There's a whole section for deserts, and gelato. You can mix all your gelato into one big pile of mess and some how it still tastes like cookies and cream with a hint of mango and strawberries.. . Think you'll consume too much calories? That's not problem! you can get your salad than walk a mile down the buffet to get your steaks, walk back half a mile to get Asian foods and than walk a quarter mile to your seat. Forgot that stir fry? That's ok, it's only a mile up from your table. You'll burn more calories than you consume just walking around.. . Here's a hint...go to Bally's casino and wait for the Rio shuttle bus to take you to Rio. It's only a 5 minute drive and doesn't cost you anything, maybe tip. Cheaper than a taxi and faster than walking.
There are a lot of choices here - definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas. They have food from many different styles, hence the wold "Carnival World". The crab legs are very good. Good desserts too. Would recommend.
Despite it not being on the strip, it's worth coming here. . . I had the 24 hour pass to 7 buffets, and Rio just happened to be on the list. Since it's a well-known buffet , my family thought that we should try it out. First off, let me tell you that the wait for the buffet was ridiculous but I guess expected. It was so packed!. . There was an endless variety of food to suit all your needs and cravings. I'm telling you, if I wasn't so full from the previous meals of the day, I would have stayed in there foreeeveer.. So. Good. So. Much. Food.
If I'm paying $40.00 for a buffet meal then it better be the best damn buffet meal that I will ever have on the face of this terrestrial planet that we call Earth!!!. . Sadly, it fell a little short of my expectations.. . Me and my cohorts decided to come here at the Rio for their dinner buffet. I didn't want to eat here due to the very hefty price tag but I didn't want to be a party pooper of sorts so I gave in. Call me a cheapskate, but for $40.00 that is easily a week's worth of groceries that I could buy for my apartment. . . The dinner was $30. My company did not want to wait over an hour in the regular line so we bypassed it and went to the express line for an additional $10 fee. There is a lot of variety here. Too many dishes to name. All of the food that I had was good, except for the alfredo. I didn't eat any of the desserts so I can comment on that.. . I made an attempt to get as full as possible, so I went back to the buffet an additional three times. Good food and possibly one of the best buffets that I have been to in recent memory. Just expensive as hell though.
The Rio loves locals, and I love their Carnival World Buffet. As a local, I consider half off the  Carnival World Buffet on weekdays, an awesome deal..   In my opinion their live Asian station's won ton soup is delicious, and worth the price alone. The shrimp salad was tops. Whether you prefer Asian, Italian, and whatever, there is a great selection at the food stations. Also, if you want to add beer to your dinner it is a couple dollars extra..  For locals, who pay half price on weekdays, this is an outstanding deal. For visitors, who pay full price, nearly $30,you get more for your money than a Strip buffet such as Mandalay Bay or MGM Grand..   When my brother and I dined here at 4:30 yesterday, there was no line. Only an hour later, and there was a massive line.
So after arriving in Las Vegas, the first order of business was to determine which buffet to tackel before taking on the night.  After doing research on a bunch of different ones, we opted to go to the Carnival World Buffet. I have never been to this one before, but it had a champagne brunch offer, so I was completely in.  We cruised down to the Rio and waited in line for about 20-30 minutes, which wasn't terrible considering how long the line appeared when we arrived.  Upon sitting, David brought us champagne immediately and we started manhandling some crab legs, which is what we did for the next 3 hours.  Everything they had to offer was quite tasty and the different genres they offer gives a little bit of everything for everyone.  . . What was also cool was that if you bought drinks at the bar inside the buffet, they were only about $3-$4 each and every 30-45 minutes they do a $2 special of certain types of drinks for about 20 minutes, first come, first serve.  . . Overall, I would highly recommend this buffet to others and would definitely return here again in the future.  The only downfall was the server we received when David went on break, and he wasn't very friendly, nor as accommodating when it came to refilling out drinks.
If you want a good buffet, you gotta fork up at least 40 dollars.  If you want to get it cheap, you gotta be okay with crappy food.  I think that Carnival World Buffet meets that happy medium where everybody can be well, happy with.  For instance, a buffet on average is around 30-40 dollars anyway so people who complain about the price- go to the other 10.00 buffets and have yourself a grand ole time, eating their food and  try not to get their crab legs!  Their food- although not the BEST tip top quality- i think was pretty darn good.  Their crab legs were good although they were small, they had all different sections- italian, salads, asian (they even had a pho/noodle bar) desserts, carving board, seafood, etc.  There's a LOT of food.  The set up is really strange though and I had to navigate through tables like moses through the desert to get to the desserts (get what I did there, didja? didja?)  Anyways, we were seated far but it gave us an excuse to add in a little bit of walking time in between plates.  Luckily I wasn't hung over like my last stint at Cravings so I was able do me a good 3 plates with dessert and crab (I KNOW, I can eat a lot) as well as their unlimited mimosas.  What's funny is we (a group of 3 girls) came at least 30 minutes before a group of 3 guys and stayed there 30 minutes longer than them... yes we eat and drink a lot... . Either way, I think you'll be happy eating here.  Out of all the buffets that are around 30 bucks, this is one of the best.  But I must say that the Wynn Buffet in my opinion beats this place out of the water.  So if you're already willing to spend 30 bucks on buffet, why don't you just go wild and add 10 dollars more and eat at the wynn. C'mon, you're in Vegas!
Not bad,there's a lot to pick from
Definitely a great buffet. So many choices that you become confused at one point. They have amazing crab legs, prime rib, shrimp, pasta, etc... They have so much food it's hard to remember. They also have an awesome Gelato bar! Just like any buffet in Vegas it's pricey but it's worth it. If you are staying at the Rio it's a great buffet to go to. However, if I am staying at any other hotel I would not come here.
This was very good, best gelato, and much to choose.  The asian soup station was delish, and the latin station was very good.. . Get the 24 hour buffet pass, you won't be disappointed.  This is kind of spendy otherwise and less of a value.  I'm not a crab leg person, but was impressed by the giant heap of crab legs offerred - this had to be 4 feet wide and several feet tall.  Now that's nothing to be crabby about :)
It's yummy, I liked it!
Tried this buffet for breakfast since we stayed in the hotel.  Pleasantly surprised with the good selection of items and most of it tasted very good.  Our server was pleasant and came to the table to check on us several times.  Be sure to show your Total Rewards card to get a discount.
Crab legs ftw. But u have to know someone that lives in Vegas to eat in for cheap. Food is great and a huge selection as well.
I don't know why I haven't done a review for this place yet.  We've been coming here at least monthly for the last 2 years.. . As a local, I really appreciate their hefty 50% discount on the weekday buffets.  It's the not the best I've had in Vegas but it is the best I've had for the price.. . They have really good selections at their breakfast buffet.  An Egg made to order bar, and all the meats you can think of (ham, prime rib, sausages, links, bacon,  etc), fresh fruits, oatmeal, if you can think of it...they probably have it.  They also have non-traditional foods available such as tacos, burritos, rice, pot stickers and so on.. . Lunch and dinner are also quite enjoyable.  Once again, almost anything you can think of they'll probably have.  The hubby and I really enjoy the PHO they have at the Asian soup line.  Carnival World Buffet is the only buffet I know of that serves PHO and Tom Kha Gai.  They're both good but I add some extra stuff to my PHO to liven it up.  I add a good splash of soy sauce and stir fried veggies (fresh cilantro, jelapenos, bok choy, carrots, broccoli).  These items can be found just around the corner of the soup line.  Everything is good there.  We haven't had a bad experience yet.  I haven't experienced any bad service.  As a matter of fact they've gone out of their way to get me a drink they don't regularly have.  I was craving some iced green tea.  The waitress brought out some tea bags, hot water, and a cup of ice.  . . We love coming here for the food, the price, the service, our picky little kids and family get togethers.  . . ****But, if I had to pay the full price...I'd find another buffet.
I got to say, that this place is one of the best buffet in Vegas.  . . Located in the Rio Hotel and Casino.  Carnival World Buffet has a wide selection of food to choose from. From the usual American food, to Mexican food and Asian food.  There's something for everyone to enjoy.  They even have a bar inside for those who probably prefer a bloody mary with their food.  The dessert bar was nice, but I do wish they had a bigger selection.  . . I'll probably admit, the pricing is up there, but with the selection of food and all you can eat.  You can probably eat more than it's probably worth.  The food was decent, and seating arrangement were easy to get in and out of.  . . Overall, one of the best buffet in Vegas I've been to.
I came here for brunch with an old high school friend . It was foolish of me to think that I would get a locals discount on a weekend. The buffet is still worth regular price because there is a huge variety to choose from. I love the crab legs here because they are not salty like at some places. You have to use some muscle to yank them out of the ice because they pack them pretty tight!. I also enjoyed their ( fake) crab salad because it had little pieces of mango in it. The mango wasn't too ripe so it gave the salad some zing. They also had sushi, lotus balls and some yummy tomato salad to name a few of my stand out items. I ended the meal with a creamsicle gelato.
I go to Vegas about once per year.  I go to the Rio Buffet about once per year.  This place is by far the best buffet in Vegas; and it's good enough that I force those that are with me to make at least one stop while in Vegas. For extra validation, a check-in on my Facebook profile resulted in  multiple likes and comments of jealousy from previous patrons.. . Whatever food you want, they have. Mexican, Italian, American Comfort, Asian, Stirfry, Sushi, Raw Bar, Carving Station etc.  My personal favorite is the MTO Stiry Fry Bar. How great is that?  And if at all possible, save room for dessert.  They have an entire bakery available along with a wide array of sorbets.  . . It's probably a good thing that I don't go to Vegas more often than I do, because in addition to the money I would be sure to lose gambling, I would probably gain an estimated 20-30 pounds due to the wonder of the buffet.
I go to vegas often and I do the 24hr buffet pass and I must say this has to be one of the best buffets I've gone to in vegas. Wide variety of food; from chicken wings, wonton soup, crab legs, popcorn shrimp, their carving station and their dessert bar. It's something kids and adults will enjoy. The reason I didn't give it five stars because the service is a bit slow and they don't have steam crab legs. I prefer steam crab legs over cold ones. But over all the quality of the food is great. . . Happy Eating!
For some reason I really don't like going here, I don't know, maybe its the line-up.  It is very big but its also very expensive unless you are a local (we get it half price most days).  Crab legs are too small, don't put them out unless they are worth eating.  I see too many people wasting the meat because they are small. the scallops suck too.  Its just a tease, make you want to go somewhere that you can get good seafood.  It is above average for a buffet.  LVH has a better quality buffet.
Prime rib was okay in quality. Convenient bar in the middle of the buffet. Crab legs were fresher than the other buffets. Not bad.
not bad, but certainly not the best in vegas! this is where i began my journey for the buffet of buffets. our plan was to do dinner, breakfast, early dinner to get our money's worth. we got online on sat to wait at 6:15 and was seated a little after 45 mins of waiting. the cashiers had an attitude, we were seated and our waitress was nice. very good about refilling our drinks. the food selection was decent but i wouldnt say good enough to be rated one of the best buffets in vegas. the sushi was most definitely lacking, the asian station was decent, i loved the noodle station. the seafood was good too but i'm lazy. the cocktail shrimp was not peeled for you! the meats seemed tasty but i had no room for it! i didnt even have room for dessert!!!
Best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  They always have a ridiculous long line but they have a really large selection of food.  I feasted on the crab legs last time I was there.  =)  You def get your money's worth.
Been here three times now and will keep coming back. One of the best buffet values for locals and with coupons a good value for visitors.. The prime rib is perfect every time, ask for a thicker cut and they are happy to give it to you. The crab legs are fresh every time I have been there and they have several types of shrimp. Something for every seafood lover.. The Mexican food could use a little work, the enchiladas have been hard but they have lots of Asian choices and the American part of the buffet has always been delicious.. And the deserts? Oh yeah! lots of choices with plenty of no sugar added ones for those who need it.. The servers are not only professional but personal.
Rio Buffet has a savory taste for any tongue. From Italian, Japanese, Chinese, American, Vietnamese, you name it, they got it. I almost freaked out when I saw their pho station! And my mouth dropped when I passed by their gelatto bar. The only downfall, like with any buffet, is the long line. But this boasts all the flavors of the world, and where else in Vegas can you sample that amount of different ethnic foods all at one buffet? So if you're willing to wait at least an hour in line, you won't be disappointed.
Been here twice and I can still say that their coconut gelato is still YUMMY!!! On my last day in Vegas, my sister, friend, and I decided that we'll spend the WHOLE day here and we did. All together we ate about 400.00 bucks worth of food and our waiter or busser guy was really friendly and funny. I love how there is so much to choose from and that the same thing never gets old. I would totally recommend anyone to try this buffet! It beat's Bellagio's by half the price AND there are bathrooms! =D
I used to think this was the best buffet in Vegas.  I have since amended that judgment and prefer Planet Hollywood.  However, this buffet is still near and dear to my heart.  Carnival World Buffet set a model that many other casino's have copied with the international station.  First some background for this review.  I don't love buffets, just good ones so very few buffets will get 4 or 5 stars.  Why am I a buffet snob? Well, I like well prepared food and no matter how good the food at a buffet is, sloppy eaters and heat lamps inevitably detract from the taste of the food.  Further, unlike some who take piles of snow crab legs, I prefer food I don't have to fight with for a sliver of minor pleasure.  I also dislike the price-value.  The cheap buffets are usually poor quality and the good ones overpriced.  Not to mention that I have never spent less than 30 minutes in line for this buffet and that is on a good day.. . That said, why do I like this one?  First, if you are local, the price for dinner is 1/2 price, only $13.50 or so.  And you can bring in at least a party of 4 for that price.  Next, From the Sushi to the Sandwiches, this buffet matches quality and quantity with any buffet.  Plenty of chef stations keep the fresh food coming.  Even kids will load up their plates here.  The roast beef and Turkey were properly cooked with both med rare and medium pieces available.  The sushi was firm and tasty, not lukewarm or slightly fishy tasting like some lesser buffets.   . . There were some cleanliness issues the last time we were there but it seemed an abberation.. . Overall one of the best buffets in Vegas.
One of the biggest buffets I have been to. Not as big, not as good as the M Resort. They have a lot of great seafood's. I went on a Saturday night, so it was busy. The bright side is the line moves fast.
Better than any of the buffets I've been to so far but there's still room for improvement. Most everything was very good but there were a few bland plates. The sushi was good and the most impressive thing was a miso soup dispenser...However, the miso soup definitely needed salt!
As far as I know, and I lived in Vegas for over a decade... this is hands down the best buffet for price and variety. You may not like everything but you'll find things to fall in love with... Sushi, Prime Rib, many meats, ham, salads, pretty much every food that you can imagine they have here. They truly have something for everyone! There is also now a 24 hr pass though anytime I went here I only ate once. They didn't used to have that, I was stuffed after one visit...
Those that know Vegas,Atlantic City the buffets are where if you are on a diet STAY CLEAR !!! Rio is a place when you can loose your mind with cusine from all around the world.I tried tosample a litle bit of everything without over doing it.The crablegs are served cold and there is a mountain of them just waiting for you to crack open and dip into that sweet butter sauce. The Italian section I recommend the eggplant.I knew they had me hooked at the dessert bar when my Miami fav was there- Key lime pie.I lost my mine and so did they pretty ladie I hyoed up the pies to and we all sat around eachother with a "green" smile on our lips.Steak,ribrye asian section and of course,the salad bar was great with much flavors to sample. Hey when in Vegas stop by but the trick is go to one od those discount booths on the strip or check with your hotel for discount tickets for just about anything in Las Vegas because it's there if you look. . I paid around $18.00 for my meal at Rio and the regular price is around $29,00 I think for dinner.What happens in Rio's Buffet stays in Rio's Buffet-E-N-J-O-Y-**,
I have a strong belief that buffets, as a whole, are disgusting.  There is nothing more unappetizing than looking around a buffet room at the people gorging their faces unnecessarily just because they can.  The massive amounts of wasted food can only be described as tragic.  With that being said, if you are going to go to a buffet this is one of the better ones.  . . The possibilities are literally endless with the pre-made selection of foods or the several build your own stations.  My favorite was the Japanese noodle area where I had stir fry customized just for me.  My husband'sfavorite was the gelato station where he had 10 generous scoops of ice cream in one sitting (yes, he was part of the unnecessary gorging I was talking about earlier) and that was after he ate TONS of food.  . . If you are going to do the Vegas buffet thing, this is the one to do.
As far as Vegas buffets go, this is actually one of the better ones and definitely a worthy stop if you're using the Buffet of Buffets offer that is basically unlimited buffets at all the Harrah's properties for 24 hours for $45. . . Most buffets have ice cream. This one has Gelato. . Real sushi (not just "krab" meat California rolls). and a Miso soup machine that dispenses it like a coffee machine (it was good too). . Careful going in the evening though, they can get a line.
We did the Buffet of Buffets offer - unlimited buffets at all the Harrah's properties for 24 hours for $45. If you are a foodie this is the way to go.. . Gellato was one of my favorite things here plus the server was on par and good. They have a wide selection of items to choose from. I was pretty pleased with it. Since we stayed at the Rio (Don't do that and see my review on the Rio itself) we ate here a lot as it was close and convenient. It was not as crowded as the hotels/buffets on the strip but they do get a considerable line around lunch/dinner time. . . Worth the time to go here.
I came around 11am and there was no line at all! I had a party of 4 and the total price was only 41.00!! Locals discount. There is soooo muchhhhhh fooood!! I believe I spend more time looking at the different varieties of food then eating it lol. There's something for everyone. The sushi was good and fresh but there's not much sushi types to chose from. There's all sorts of different types of food though , Asian, American, Italian, Mexican, etc. Has a noodles station and the pho was delicious. This buffet is the best buffet I been to thus far!! And on top of that, Our waiter was so friendly, helpful and nice. He. made sure our drinks were always filled. I would come back here any day. It was truly the best buffet I had since living in Vegas.
This is the best buffet that is part of the total rewards group.  There is so much food to choose from and the quality and taste is pretty good for cooking mass quantities.  The major issue with the buffet is the amount of time it takes to get to the buffet they need to work on opening more cashiers and look an a better efficient service.
$30 for adults even though the signoutside says $21.99. This price also includes bottomless mimosas. The line is never long and you pay through a machine to get in.. . The best items in the meat section were the prime rib, bacon, and bacon bits. The best desert item was carrot cake. Don't get anything red velvet-flavored. The best breakfast item was egg florentine that gushes with butter.
Had our vegas reunion and ended up coming back to this buffet! Even though it's a little off the strip, it is totally worth the taxi trip out here. I would have to say this place is one of the best buffet places that I have been to! . . There is SO much selection!!! It never fails to overwhelm me :). I would recommend coming during dinner because the food is so much better, don't even worry about the somewhat high price they charge (I think it was like $30-40/person) but you will not be disappointed!! My personal favorites...CRAB LEGS! and the Prime Rib!!! The asian and mexican sections were good too. There's really not much to say but the fact that this place got us to come back says enough!. . If you're in vegas, you definitely have to try this buffet at least once!!
I normally "hate buffets" just because by the time you get your food back to the table it is cold. The carnival world buffet is really good with lots of variety of food. the dessert line is Amazing!!!! the service is extremely on top of getting your drinks and clearing off your plates away. it is the biggest buffet i have ever seen. you will def. not leave hungry!!! It is worth a trip if your looking for a variety of food before leaving las vegas. i do not like to experience new buffets just because of food being cold so i tend to stick with the carnival world buffet and i really enjoy going and eating here. they have so much food from pastas, salads, fried, chinese, mexican, seafood, american etc it is all there
This place is ridiculous. I was trying to find my other stomach to fit all the other food I couldn't try because I was so full. I think they make this place so huge just so you can burn some calories. One of my only critiques is that I think each side should be balanced with the same basic items like salads & soups. I went from one side to get lettuce then the other for mushrooms, etc. Also the line for dinner is cArrrazy!! I was able to play a few slots while our other party waited in line. Some of the asian foods didn't fare as well as the pastas & prime ribs..but overall I would definetly come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
My family tried this for breakfast and enjoyed everything we tried. Huge variety and even had crablegs for breakfast. Everything was hot and fresh tasting. Tried the 24 hour pass and def got our monies worth!
Ein exzellentes Buffet mit einer groen Auswahl.
For what you're paying for this buffet, it is well worth it.  The quality isn't as good as that of the Wynn or the Bellagio, but it is still better than many other buffets, like Circus Circus.  However, it cost about half as much.  Its location is a bit out of the Strip; however, there is a shuttle that you can take from Harrahs to Rio.. I had a buffet of buffets pass, and among all them I tried using the pass, this is by far the best.
When you go to Vegas and you eat at buffets, you generally find that they're all nearly identical with each buffet having its own "it" factor. What makes this place stand apart from other places is the service and the served ice cream. . . Unlike other buffets, the service here was so friendly. I was unfamiliar with using one of the tools to eat crabs and I asked our waiter and he kindly showed it to us. He didn't just describe the process, but he literally got his hands dirty and showed us how to use it. To me, that's great service. He didn't have to do it, but he did.. . The food overall was good, and you can't really say it's the best, since there are reigning champions like the Wynn and the Belagio. But for the price, this price is pretty good. And if you get the Buffet of Buffets deal ($49.99 for your choice of 6 buffets, within 24 hours, but you can get a discount for $5 per person if you join the total rewards member. This brings your price down to $49.99), this place is incredibly cheap and it is worth going. Out of the 6 buffet choices, I would say this is easily one of the better ones. Don't even attempt going to Imperial Palace one...That one is a little iffy (even though that was our main hotel, heh). . . Would I come again? YES. But not for the given price however. I will most likely do the Buffet of Buffets deal again. Much better deal and I can pig out and eat all day if I want to.
Good buffet for locals when you are having a craving for crab. 50% off for locals. Quality and selection are alright. The staff is friendly and place is clean. Line can be long on Friday nights. Definitely will come back here again.
I think out of the buffets I tried in vegas, I would have to say that Carnival World Buffet is pretty good. Yes, there was an hour wait on a Sunday afternoon, but if you have a rewards card you can save $4 a person up to 6 people and it's free for the card. I would have to say their selection was great, they had a little bit of everything and everything was pretty good. I have to say props to the crab legs and prime rib. Also, free mimosas on Sunday Brunch, included in the price.
First thing's first, Rio's Carnival World Buffet is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas! I really love how they have a great variety of food that you can choose from. I believe that they serve the greatest number of food out of all Vegas buffets. All the dishes are wonderful to eat; I would eat all of them if my stomach can handle it. The taste is always delicious. I don't think I've experienced any bad taste from this buffet. It's really fitting and worth the 40 min - 1 hour wait. . . There are a few dishes that are really good here! I would like to point out a few.. . Crabs, shrimps, orange chicken, fried sesame balls, the Italian food (esp. the pasta), and the toasted turkey. For dessert, just try all of it! However, my new favorite has become the flan that they added. Their gelato is fantastic as well, but I'd prefer the gelato at Caesar's Palace. . . Good place. Good dinner. Good service. This one's a keeper.
I can say that its not as good as it use to be but it's still one of the best buffets in LV. Great selection of food and they serve great soup from various asian backgounds, LOVE PHO and it was not bad. Great for locals!!!!
This buffet is amazing. I've been to a lot of countries and almost all 50 states and have never seen anything like this place. Words cannot describe the food selection and how many ethnicities they represent. This place is worth every dollar and you will not be disappointed. If you leave vegas and don't stop here you missed the boat. The only down fall is the long waiting lines. They do however have a nice hustle going on where if you pay an extra ($10) you can get like a speed pass to jump the line. Also you can get a 24hr pass for about $50 and this is good for multiple buffets and different locations which include Harrah's, Paris, Flamingo, and a couple of others. That is truly a very good deal the only down fall is after eating here no need to try the rest of them because it just won't compare.
One of the better Vegas buffets in my opinion in terms of variety. The choices are endless and the buffet seemed to go on for miles! Sometimes when there are too many options, the quality suffers, but that is definitely not the case here! Good food and many choices for your different cravings.
this buffet will always be my favorite. it has everything sans the long waiting in line.
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. It isn't cheap, but it isn't Wynn Buffet expensive either and they have one of the largest selections of diverse foods you could hope for. . . This place and the buffet at Paris often have the longest lines in town, especially on Saturday and Sunday mornings/ early afternoons but it's worth the wait. Nurse your hangover with a great spread that includes omelet and carvery stations, Mexican, Chinese, Italian, Japanese, French, andAmerican cuisine, a desert section with fresh Gelatos, and a full bar offering hourly drink specials. The quality is pretty decent for everything, though you won't have your mind blown by any means. This place is about quantity first, but decent food at a very high quantity. . . There's a reason that The Rio's Carnival World Buffet is one of the most popular all you can eat options in town despite its distance from The Strip. It's worth the trip, price, and wait.
This one is my favorite buffet so far! So good in fact that I went for dinner one night and then lunch the next day! I felt like there were more choices at this buffet than some of the other ones I visited during my trip. One of my favorite stations was the pho/noodles one. There were different types of noodles and different broths to choose from. Oh, and they had roasted pig! You know, the one with the crispy pork skin. Mmmmm!
I'm usually leery of buffets, but having lived in Vegas for nearly 9 years, I've tried quite a few of them. The Rio's Carnival World buffet does a very good job all around.. . It's huge with food from different parts of the world including: Asian (with a Mongolian barbecue station), the U.S., with heavy focus on down-home Southern goodness. Don't miss the mashed red potatoes - I had three helpings!  Italian, Mexican as well as breads, salads, pizza, seafood (snow crab, cold shrimp, fried shrimp, fried fish and baked fish) with drawn butter and cocktail sauce, and a carving station with pork roast, roast beef, prime rib, turkey and ham. I camped out on the prime rib - it is deliciously seasoned and they have little cups for au jus. . . Enough about the food. Let's get to the real point: dessert. These people know their way around sweets! They have at least 10 varieties of gelato in every flavor imaginable, apple and raisin bread pudding with vanilla sauce (I'm a bread pudding lover, and as anyone who eats it knows, it's not always made well - the Rio has it on point), little cakes, tiny pies, eclairs, cheesecake in a chocolate shell, custards and cookies... even sugar-free items. . . If you heed nothing else I write, you must believe me on this: get a cup of their (very good) coffee, a plate of bread pudding and some of their bananas foster (fresh bananas in a warm bath of butter, sugar, spices and rum) and forget everything else you ate. Take a forkful of the bread pudding with a piece of banana and make sure you put as much of the rum sauce as will stay on the bite, close your eyes, thank your maker for taste buds and enjoy. . . You're welcome :)
Amazing that so many people have had a different experience. I find the Carnival World Buffet to be really good. There are so many selections from around the world you just can't sample it all.
Came here for brunch this morning as this buffet was part of the 24 hr AYCE buffet special. It's literally been over 10 years since I've last visited this place so I didn't know to expect. I was pleasantly suprised.... There was no line(around 10am). We were seated quickly and our server immediately took our drink order. I forgot how HUGE this place was. It's a marathon walking from one end of the food section to the other. Better wear your sneakers! They had all of my favorite breakfast items, thick sausages, crispy bacon, corned beef hash and eggs, hash browns, breakfast burrito, biscuits and sausage gravy! And thats only the beginning. . They have a great variety of dessert items, unlike Planet Hollywoods. They even have a decent selection of gelato! My wife and sister in law, who are strict vegetarians, loved this place. I will be back!
This buffet located at the Rio hotel and Casino, is still a great bargin, especially for Las Vegas locals who recieve a 50% discount.  The food choices are good, and everything is fresh.  They offer all standard buffet fare, American, Asain, BBQ, Seafood, and a desert bar featuring Gelatos.  Service was good too, drinks refilled, and plates cleared quickly. If you have a Ceasars Total Rewards card even if you are not a local they give you a small discount on the price, and if you are Total Rewards Platinum or higher, they treat you really nice :). Just one Caveat, the line can be super long and super slow at times, so just prepare yourself for that.
Next to the M Studio B, I would rank the Rio's Carnival World buffet as the 2nd best buffets in Vegas under $30. I've been coming here for several decades and the food has always been excellent. They were first in Vegas to utilize the concept of food "stations," individual themed areas that diners could pick and choose from as opposed to one long buffet line starting with salads and ending with the desserts.  Their buffets has one of the best and diverse selections of food from around the world. The different stations include seafood, Mexican, Brazilian, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese and American food.. . If you plan on doing any of the buffets in Vegas, especially Rio's Carnival World buffet, then I suggest doing 24 hour Buffet of Buffets pass for $45 and begin your tour here for dinner. Try to start it after 7pm or 8pm so you can have dinner twice (Best Tip!!). Definitely a good deal and worth it. For guest staying at the Rio, they have a 24-hr meal ticket for around $40 with discount. . . Each time I come here I feel like I'm attending an event. The place is so huge and long. They have the largest selection and variety of food choices (more than 300 dishes prepared fresh daily). One can get lost in this Bermuda Triangle of food heaven. All my favorite food indulgence in one place like sushi, shrimp, oysters, baked salmon, snow crab with drawn butter and cocktail sauce. The carving station with pork roast, roast beef, prime rib, turkey and ham is awesome. The prime rib is succulent, juicy and deliciously seasoned. Get me a cup of au jus and I'm camping here for a while. The Asian stations are pretty amazing as well. The roast duck, crispy pork belly, steam BBQ pork bun and Korean BBQ short rib are excellent. They even have a Vietnamese Pho noodle stations which is pretty cool. Great option from traditional soups.. . When it comes to desserts, the Rio's Carnival World does a pretty awesome job satisyfing it's customer sweet tooth and their guilty dessert pleasures. They have a large spread of homemade pies, cakes, fruit tart and pastries, and 10 gelato flavors of ice cream, all made from scratch. After devouring endless food course, I'm feeling pretty glutton by now. But one thing that I can't resist is their tiramisu and mango gelato. The smooth, creamy sweet texture and decadent taste is so satisfyingly good. It's a definite must try dessert and a great way to end your food indulgence adventure.. . Service is pretty decent. Our server was able to get all our drink orders and remove our finished plates promptly.. . Cons - Make sure to get here before 30-45 minutes before the lunch and dinner rush to avoid the long lines. Diamond Total Rewards members and VIP players - no waiting in line. Ultimate fast pass!!. . Overall - 4 star. Number one choice for Buffet of Buffets and I will definitely be back. I just need to lose 10lbs extra weight before I come back. Someone told me walking was supposed to be good for you. I guess walking around the buffet stations doesn't count...hahaha!
This place was really good as far as buffets go. My made to order omelet was delicious. The service was good too.
This buffet is huge! And the line isn't as long as other buffets frequently by "tourists" in my opinion, which means the line isn't too bad. The food is good and locals get a 50% off discount with NV ID and players card anytime except Saturdays and Sunday brunch
It's still one of the biggest buffets in Vegas (only recently passed by the upgraded buffet at Caesar's) and if you have a group of people you can guarantee that they will all find something they will eat. Doesn't matter if you have vegetarians, food snobs, or kids that refuse to eat anything but pizza and chicken nuggets, you're covered.. . The line can be long. And when they are really busy, it will feel like the wait wasn't worth it. But isn't that true in all Vegas buffets? I mean seriously, learn to eat at off-peak times. It's not like anything else in Vegas depends on a normal clock. So get used to eating early or late, and it's all good.. . 4 stars.
Brunch - the attention the waiter paid-excellent-he was very helpful with cleaning dishes off the table, refilling drinks and checking in on us.  We went to Harrahs the same week and I liked Rios much more.  Rio had better selection, better taste, the gelato was a nice cap to the meal.  the crab legs were a little small but they had a mountain of them.  Its off the strip but I would recommend you catch the shuttle and enjoy the food.
Pros:. . Variety, food for everyone's taste. . Open basically all day; breakfast lunch and dinner (and no closing in between). . friendly staff. . tasty food. . Cons:. . A little farther off the strip, so you have to drive, no walking if you are in the main strip area
This used to be my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  It was so worth waiting in line for almost two hours.  Nowadays, though, I would not want to wait that long anymore.  Although, it is no longer my favorite buffet in Las Vegas, I am still a fan.  . . They have so many different food stations which each represent a different ethnic dishes.  All the food for these stations are above average.  My favorite part of the Carnival World buffet is their dessert area.  Wow, it is sweet tooth heaven!  One time we sat at a table right beside the desserts, and I must have tried over a dozen delicacies!  They were all delicious too.. . Definitely, give this buffet a chance.  It is pricey, but not as expensive as other places like Bellagio or Wynn which do not taste as good as here.
loved it! One of my favorite buffets in LV! The best  time to come here is around 11 so you can have both breakfast and lunch selections!. . best staff ever seen. so charm and welcoming, they are so friendly and I loved being here.
Great buffet for the price. They have a little bit of everything and the price is right for locals with a rewards card. Half price Sunday through Thursday. Even easier to come here since it's not on the strip. We come here more often than any other casino buffet for this reason. The coconut gelato is so good, it has real coconut chunks in it.
This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas, and the word has definitely gotten out. The lines can be painfully long, especially during the dinner hour, so it's best to stake your claim early. As far as the food, it is consistently very good as buffets go, with a great selection in the different 'countries'. The crab legs were plentiful and extremely fresh, and really the only disappointment was the run of the mill bland mexican selections. Other than that, go early and be hungry.
Great deal for locals buy one get one free with club card.
Been here probably over 2 dozen times with various friends. Service is always good, although I will note that I've only sat in the Diamond section. Price is about on par with similar buffets nearby on the strip. There is a 50% locals discount running which makes it a great deal but sometimes theres long lines for dinner if you don't have a platinum or higher Total Rewards card to bypass the line. Very large selection, can't say I've tried every single item there. For the most part its a fairly decent buffet.
Been here a lot of times. When in Vegas you gotta hit up a buffet! This is my favorite buffet in Vegas because of the huge selection and its one of the more reasonably priced buffets. The first time I ate here I got the 24hr buffet pass, we literally didn't leave the hotel room except to eat or go to the club at night. It was a lot of fun, I think all the food is good quality and you can't beat the selection. Not to mention the brunches come with unlimited mimosas!! Love it, and the gelato is a must try!
We were in the mood for a buffet and the Rio's carnival world buffet came to mind not to mention a 50% off locals discount oh yeah!. . The selection is massive, this buffet travels from end to end with a lot of food options from various cultures.. . We started off with a seafood platter piled with shrimp cocktail, sushi, fried shrimp, fried clams, crab legs, seafood salad, etc. Wow that shrimp and imitation crab salad with mango was delicious!. . We had prime rib that was delicious, and I opted for Korean BBQ ribs, spring rolls, dumplings and egg drop soup to name a few.. . The dessert selection was good and we really enjoyed the male employee who was super sweet and friendly behind the counter with all of his wonderful suggestions!. . So much food to choose from so we sampled what we could fit into our belly's and called it a night.
I have never eaten more than here. The buffet itself must be 500' long. It has a large quantity of food... some quality, some, meh. But the sheer quantity makes up for what it lacks in quality (specifically, anything Italian other than the gelato).. . . They have a large dessert counter as well that had all sorts of pastries and chocolates and gelato... Oooo the gelato. One girl in our group had to loosen her already-stretchy belt on her dress after several rounds. It's that good. Enjoy.
Being a Vegas native, we get the best of the best when it comes to buffet choices.  Now in the buffet world in Las Vegas, you get what you pay for. If you pay $10 for a buffet, you'll get an experience reflecting that price. But if you decide to shell out that 20 to 30 to 40 dollar range, you can have some of the best food that rivals good restaurants in other cities, all buffet style!. .  The Carnival World Buffet at the Rio has been around for a very long time, and I've eaten at it maybe a half a dozen times over the years.  For the sake of this review I'll speak about the most recent time I ate, about 2 weeks ago.  As usual the food was absolutely fantastic, I specially like their Italian an Asian sections. I also had a phenomenal cut of prime rib, a perfect medium rare how I like it.their seafood section is also very fresh, with delicious crab legs, and nice large shrimps for shrimp cocktail.. . the waitress and bussboy were both attentive when we needed them also.. . this buffet is slightly expensive, as far as Vegas buffets go. So its maybe not the sort of place that you can eat at every single month, but overall it's  one of the top 10 buffets in Las Vegas.
After reading all the reviews here we knew what to expect and it wasn't greatness but instead great fun! My family and I had so much fun flitting from area to area checking out all of what this buffet offers. No, the food is not going to knock your socks off but it's far from bad. We munched and enjoyed different dishes from Mexican to Chinese and everything in between. It really is fun but don't come here if you're looking for a jaw dropping meal.
If your main purpose of eating buffet is experiencing many different food, then this would be the place to visit. There are so many different foods from many countries are present and many of them of cooked to order. The servers are friendly and delightful (strangely it is not that easy to find the friendly people in Las Vegas hotels and restaurants). The ambience is light and spaceous, which I liked a lot too.. . The only reason I didn't give 5 stars rating is the fact that they are short oo friuts and vegetables. They only have the basics of fruits and vegetables. I wish they put more next time.
so many good things here. service is pretty good. selection is king. cant gowrong
As a cheapo local, CWB hits the spot, everytime. Prime rib is the staple of my plates at this buffet, and for the local price, you really can't get any better. . . The service is always attentive, our drinks never get empty. They always drop off wet napkins and crackers for the crab legs, and they are always around to pick up dirty plates. . . Food wise, most of the dishes are quite good, but average. The prime rib and seafood are the big deals around here, succulent, juicy slabs of rib on each plate is a must have for me. . . Atmosphere, pretty casual. Nothing overly fancy or romantic, just a great place to sit down, eat lots, and have a great time. . . My only complaints about CWB is that the crab legs are ICE COLD. Steaming options would bring this review to a soaring five stars, possibly seven if possible. :P
I am getting hungry again just thinking about the night's I was here! The regular (guest) entrance had a long line for dinner! My family and I went threw the VIP area which was quick and painless.. . The Carnival World Buffet, has a amazing selection for the food! While the sushi area was small they offer really fresh salmon maki and shrimp tempura! They had a long line for the prime rib and it was amazing! Worth the line for the WAIT! The cook really did a amazing job! They has stir-fry and noodle-soup area! Their so much different food that it became hard to sample all their food before getting full.. . The only reason, I took off a star was because the waitress seems to busy to clear our table of the dish but I would RECOMMEND this Buffet!
The food was so good! The groupon I had made this a great deal. I would eat here again and I loved loved the salad bar. Lost one star for the wait being 45 mins to be seated. That aspect was a little disorganized.
One of the best buffets in Vegas.  Not as good as my #2 Wynn or Palms and #1  The M Resort in Vegas but this place has a lot to offer.  I find this place special for their Udon soup.  It offers great food and besides the Village buffet in the Harrah's 24hr Total Buffets package this place is one of the best.
For selection and quality at comparably priced buffets on the Strip, the Rio buffet can't be beat. And their desserts take second to no one!
While the crab legs are not top notch.. for 16.50 for locals for unlimited crab, very good prime rib, sushi, clam chowder, great stir-fry, Chinese, and very premium gelato there is nothing to complain about i recommend this buffet to anyone looking to get a great bang for your buck here in the las vegas area, i've been to many buffets but this one i keep coming back to for the price is right and so is the food, only bad thing is get there at 5:30pm or sooner or be prepared to wait in a very long long line :/
Went for lunch. If your local & have a rewards card it's half off. 12$ a person m-f. Service was very good, food was good, a lot of choices, I was surprised at the overall experience, good quality & nice people. A lot different then I remember or what people are saying. The desserts are really good, that's not my thing.
Free champaign and mimosas for Sunday brunch until 3 pm. Nice deal. Crab legs, shrimp, and sushi always fresh.
PROS:. - I have tried many buffets on the strip, but I must say this one had the widest and best selection of different dishes! There is a gelato bar with about 10 flavors of delicious ice cream! There are certain dishes that I don't see at other buffets, such as duck and other Asian dishes. The buffets at Mandalay, Imperial, Caesar's, Paris are small compared to this place. . - The price is the average price for comparable buffets on the strip, about $25 for lunch/dinner. - There is no long line because the place is so big and can accommodate more people.. . CONS:. - It is located inside the Rio Hotel, which is a couple blocks off the main strip where all the other large hotels are. It is not within walking distance. You have to drive there.
When I take my family to Vegas they get together and look up Vegas buffets to try. We got an all day passes for the Las Vegas Flamingo, Paris, Harris, and 4 other hotels for 49.00 a person for a 24 hour pass with Totalrewards. If you purchase the All Day Pass at dinner time you can have Breakfasts, Lunch and Dinner the next day a good deal you think but for 4 people that's $218.00 dollars with tax. My family wanted to stay an extra couple of days so we found a good rate at The Rio. hotel. Out of all the Buffets we went to the Carnival World Buffet was the best experience and it was not even close. I have stayed at the Rio before and have always loved this buffet. They have a very large section and they have sea food too. I will say that for years this Buffet would have always gotten 5 stars from me but this last time it just seemed that it as gone down just a little but I can't put my finger on what it is. Buffets have become so high in price and there are so many Buffets in Vegas now the Rio may have let there buffet slip just a little. With that being said I still think this buffet is in the top 5 of buffets in Vegas.
We go to Vegas once a year and always hit up several buffets.  We ended our day here at 9pm after a show and closed out our 24 hour buffet pass.  My only thought the entire time was "Why haven't I been here before?"   . . But seriously, buffet food is buffet food.  While there is nothing super special about this buffet, I did like the HUGE selection, the gelato (which was served in the small size little cups which were perfect as sometimes just a few bites is all you need to save room for other deserts), and the service!  The place was dead as it was time to close in an hour, but still, we were impressed with the delivery of the drinks and removal of plates.. . The food was 100% comfort food.  Nothing super special, but a solid selection and tasty.  Sometimes I think buffets try to get to fancy up-scale with their food, and that's not always something I'm looking for.  . . One nice touch, we're Platinum Card holders so they gave us a little handy wipe.. . We'll definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
the whole 2 weeks i was here at this hotel i had great views of the strip and great buffets here. sooo filling and tasty.  Not as good as MGM buffet: steaks.  but really tasty desserts.  gained alot of weight here.. connected to the super wealthy part of Vegas in the condos on the far end of the strip
This buffet is ridiculously huge and everything is good. From crab legs, lasagna, and hot and sour soup to carved roast beef, menudo, and sushi. They have everything. I call their dessert station " An oasis of dessert in the desert". Cheesecake, gelato, peach pie, and bread pudding. The list of sweet treats go on and on and on. A sweet tooth paradise. Go hungry and leave happy and plump is what I say.
Probably the best buffet i had ever eaten at.  The food choices were plentiful and the food was delicious!  You definitely need to come here hungry so that you can taste a little bit of everything.  Definitely will be coming back here again.  A little on the pricey side but well worth the food.
OMG, It is crazy how they can serve so much food and even crazier how much I can eat!!  The good part is that I took my time. I was afraid that I would look like a contestant on the Biggest Loser!  Ok....I got there when they were changing from Lunch to Dinner where they change out some of the food, not all - that's good to know.  Anyway, they managed to capture every taste bud imaginable.  Pizza, Pasta, Pork, Pot Roast, Potatoes and even Pudding.  I had things I would not have had on a regular basis and its buffet, so if you don't like it, get something else.  I think I paid $35 which l if you think about it was $17 for lunch and dinner not bad (I didn't have a coupon).  The server was great (ok... she brought my drink and cleared the table, but offered a nice conversation which is nice).  The desserts were good, HOWEVER, a lot of them were similar, some were sugar free, but for some reason they didn't knock my socks off like the entrees. The dessert area looked like a little bakery.  This place was on my agenda to visit and it was well worth it.  PS...that food that I never tried before was the Sesame ball, OMG it was great, I don't know if it was mass produced or what, but it was ggooooddd.  Looks strange on the inside but I like to try new stuff.  YUMMY.  Oh the crab legs - there was like a gazillion of them.
Everything's more delicious when you're starving and nursing a hangover, right? With that said, I was in that state when my friends and I went there on a Monday morning for breakfast. . . It was my first time there and I was pretty satisfied with their huge selection. With the way their buffet is set up, you pretty much have to walk from one end of the restaurant to the other. With our timing, we happened to catch the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch, which I was super excited about, being the foodie that I am. Haha. Sad to say that I got pretty full after my first plate, so I didn't eat much after. . . Their selection of food has pretty good variety. The breakfast menu consists of everything from pancakes and French toast to Eggs Benedict and hash browns, and of course bacon and sausage. Their lunch menu is pretty decent, too. Their roast beef and sushi were delicious.. . The customer service was decent. When my friend asked for orange juice, it took them a while to get it to her, but they cleared our plates in a timely manner. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come back and hopefully try some of their desserts. I was too full last time to get some. :(
Honestly, I don't know what everyone is whining and crying about. My family and I absolutely LOVE this buffet. I've been to other buffets and this one definitely beats it. We're locals, so we get the whole 50% discount AND we always come to dinner because that's when they bust out the good stuff: yummy crab legs! . . The food is pretty delicious. I don't think there's one thing that I've tried here that I didn't like. Every item that I got was fresh and even the meat from the steak or the fried pork belly was nice & tender. Everything was flavorful, too! The crab legs had A LOT of meat in them. Pair that up with butter & you're definitely good to go! The cocktail shrimp was fresh and delicious, as usual! It's definitely a STEAL when you only pay around $13-14 for ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT CRAB LEGS! There are other places where it's $35-50, but seriously? You get pasta, pizza, shrimp cocktail, asian food, american food, bbq/grilled food, and mexican food WITH the crab legs. STEAL! STEAL! STEAL! . . But you may be asking: "But Mimi, if you're so excited about this place then why only give it four stars?!" For one reason & one reason only: service. Their service here is always slow. Although they have nice servers, I just wish that they were proactive about refilling our drinks & whatnot.. . Other than that, this buffet always makesmy tummy and wallet happy! I will definitely be coming back for more :)
Friends treated us to rio's buffet. Don't know prices, but we'd probably pay to eat here anyway. Selection is plenty! Our company loved their crabs. Gelato was good, and the guy who served us was cool. . . One star off for our server who refilled everyone's drink around our table and skipped us tho...
They have the best selecrion of food, the prices are outrageously overpriced per person 37$ a person is INSANE for any buffet, but the food was good I really liked their gellatto I threw up to fit more in my tummy haha.. the waitress there was a little too much she checked on us every minute ..it was nice and all but dang can I eat before u take my plate ??
50% off for locals with rewards card. We don't come here much because everytime we go here they always sit us all the way to the end (even if you request, they'll say nothing is available), either on the left side or right, and it's a long walk to get the food that you want. But we kinda miss this place so today was hubby's bday... We have 2 kids with us and 2 seniors. No long line today(yehey!) and when we request a table in the front because of the seniors... They gave us one! Wow!!! We have KRISTINA from Poland as our server and I approached her to ask if Carnival does birthday plate(desserts with happy bday on it) just like in Studio B at M Resort and she said no :( ... I said that's ok, thank you. So we started eating and a few minutes later she came back with a plate full of dessert with a pie on the middle with a little candle (how sweet!) and we even sing happy bday :) ... That was a very nice extra effort and a very good customer service! Thank you so much Kristina from Poland! . How I wish that the management of Carnival World Buffet could see this and recognize KRISTINA as a good employee and an asset for them! . . 4star because some of the food are dry (mashed potato, mini cupcakes, fries)
Even thought there was not a specific dish that stood out to me, i give 4 stars because of the Huge selection. Most people should be able to find something that satisfies them. Ive been here twice for lunch, and will return for lunch in the future, but for the price, dont think Id go during dinner service.
How do you get a local rewards card? My sister lives in Henderson and I'm trying to find out.
Started our buffet of buffets pass last night here and started out with one server but ended up with Ronald when we moved tables because a family with a loud kid sat next to us.. . The buffet was as it always is, some things great,  some okay, and some just no. They have a lot of variety in choices and loved the biscotti with my coffee. Almost took some with me!  Ronald was great, very attentive and was always on the ball. . . Players club get discounts I believe, could be wrong, and locals get half off.
My home away from home, Rio, had a kitchen that had anything I wanted. Well, I should say buffet. I've been traveling to this Carnival on many different occasions. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. All of my visits were positive.. . For breakfast, who could say no to unlimited bacon and mimosas? My favorite breakfast items are the eggs Benedict, sausage eggs muffins.. . For linner (lunch + dinner),  I couldn't pass up on the prime rib, kielbasa, fried chicken, mac & cheese, quesadilla, and taquitos . The assorted sushi were fresh and enjoyable. As for the desserts, the gelatos where my most memorable dessert. Tiramisu gelato for me please! If you want to be traditional with your dessert, the good ol' apple pie al a mode will not disappoint.. . All my interactions with the waiters here were all entertaining. A little more extra tip was given to some great service and hospitality!. . Great price and wide selection to get your "fatty" status on!
I really take buffets for what they are. . . As a local I think my review is cheated because we get a steep discount with one of their players cards which makes it a really good value. If I were not getting that discount I wouldn't recommend it to the visitors. So please excuse my bipolar review.. . . They have a big variety. They have your typical sections. Italian, carving station, Asian (Chinese and Japanese), Mexican, a salad bar, and American. Uniquely they have a custom noodle soup bar, a choose your own stir fry station, and they have some crab legs and shrimp to peel.. . There are a lot of good dishes like the mozzarella and cherry tomato salad, Chinese pork belly, and the soup bar. . . This is a popular buffet so their food is usually being turned out pretty fresh.. . Honestly it's about as good as GVR, Red Rock, or Sunset Station. Just a couple of notches better. But a station buffet is $10?. . Their carving station is lacking specifically the bland prime rib. Their dessert section is lacking and the crab legs that probably directly impact the cost aren't that good. . . If I were a visitor I would spend the $10 more and go to Bachannal or wicked spoon. . . I've realized I'm not a buffet person. I'd rather spend $30 on a nice meal then $30 on an endless amount of hit or miss dishes.. . Would I pay $30 plus a 20% gratuity? (There bus men and servers are quite attentive to cleaning plates off your table and refilling your drinks) No I would not. . . Would I pay the local price? Yes.
