I wish we could have ordered more food.  Their menu was extensive! . . We were only able to try their ceviche, one sushi roll, seared kobeand these taquitos.  They were all really good! Skip out on the lobster taquito though. That was everyone's least favorite.. . Other than that, had a lovely time here.  Food was great.  Def. coming back to eat again.  This time, I want to try the sea bass, which I was eyeing last time I was here.
When you first walk into Sushi Samba you would think its just a regular restaurant, but having them take you to the back area of the restaurant changes from being crowded to having it set to an intimate, dim ambiance. The restroom is also dim. I like the presentation they had in the bathroom. Lotion, candies, napkins. What more can you ask for.. . The service was good  overall.Our server was attentive throughout the entire meal and making suggestions on our selection of foods. Its a fusion mixed with Japanese, Brazillian, and i dont remember the other one. Sorry..... . We had ordered this shoju drink when it came out everyone was surprise because all the shots was on a drink tree. Nice presentation!!. . Food was good. First time eating Sashimi... . . Will i ever eat anything raw? Maybe.
A bit expensive since in the hotel but the bar staff rock and the sushi is not bad.
We were staying in the Palazzo and really wanted sushi so we came here.. . Definitely get the family style recommendation option. . . Basically, you tell your server what you like (like yellow tail, tuna, avocado, pork, miso, etc.) and a budget, and they bring out family style dishes within your budget that they think are matched with your favorite ingredients.. . This was amazing - we wouldn't have ordered many of the things they gave us.. . Definitely ask for some sushi, and definitely ask for miso-braised sea bass - this was the best item we had!!!!!. . Otherwise, just let the kitchen do the work for you. The surprise element is great too. If you don't like a dish, the kitchen takes it back with full responsibility too, which is great.. . There's two areas to sit in, the front area near the entrance and the "sugar cane" room in the back. We got sat in the latter, and it was much cooler than the front. Quieter, a little darker, and more "exclusive" seeming than the front.
Sashimi sounded good for a late dinner so I decided to give Sushi Samba a try. . . I chose to sit at the sushi bar which there were only a couple of people. . The sushi bar layout is unusual due to that the chefs are stationed above the sushi bar and you don't interact with them. . . The friendly waitress introduced herself and took my order. I went with the Sashami comb - see it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=Z2C_rr-A-LC9I6dcDmXUKA . . The sashimi was decorated beautifully on the bed of ice, was really tasty and fresh. There was several large parties going on and it was some body's B day - they were really sauced and kept singing happy birthday. Other then that annoyance I enjoyed how the restaurant was decorated. . . I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some of their fusion dishes.
The waiter recommended the tuna with foie gras and gold. I was intrigued and wanted to try this recommendation...The different rolls all come from different themed kitchens. . . Tuna, foie gras, and gold was definitely a fusion. But - he was right, delectable. Happy me on a post-party Sunday lunch before flying out of Vegas...
I had heard about Sushi Samba for a while and finally got a chance to try it.  It was definitely worth the try for it's unique blend of South American and Japanese flavors.  The meats (Kobe) and grilled fish (sea bass) are spot on.  The unique spices and flavors are really good.  Most of all, the rolls and sashimi (Otoro... drooolllll) were spot on, very fresh and very flavorful.
The wait was long, the drinks were cold, and the food delicious. The rolls were creative with a definite fusion of the two cultures represented. The three meat platter was also fantastic with superbly cooked offerings.
I was a little apprehensive about this particular twist on sushi - which was silly because the food was really good.  The wait staff was attentive and helpful with the menu too.  I sat at the sushi bar and was comfortable.  However, the way the bar is constructed, you are unable to view the chefs making the meal, which is a big part of the fun.  Anyway, after dinner a gentleman walked out of the kitchen with a tray of warm cookies and offered them up.  Very cool touch!
I had a sample of the tuna, yellowtail, and salmon in a different sauce and I must say it's quite amazing.  As I enjoy every bite of the fish I tried to dissect the sauce that was delicately woven into the fish; which was rather refreshing.  The sea bass miso is also a must try; it's paired with a Brazilian corn that was the sized of a penny so big and tasty.  If you like sashimi order the sashimi platter it's a better deal than ordering by the piece. . . The decor is modern and very energetic.  A little of pizazz and lust.  I always adore coming here.
My boyfriend and I were in Vegas and happened to eat at Sushi Samba.  We ordered 3 different sushi rolls (forgot which ones, but we got one of the special rolls for sure).. . I'd go back to this place, a bit pricey but it's really good!
Okay . . . Sushi Samba came up another star in my book all due to bartender extraordinaire- JEN! . . On another visit here- Jen took such great care of me- suggesting her favorite items on the menu, making sure my glass was never empty and most importantly- recognizing me from my last visit (how do bartenders do that?), that I just had to move this review up a notch. . . The food was still good (kumomoto oysters tonight- delicious!), the drinks, well poured- but the friendliness and spirit of one bartender named Jen made all the difference in this visit. Must be that she moved out here from Illinois!. . Thanks Jen! See you on my next trip to Sin City!
the atmosphere is cool: like what i imagine some urban japanese hot spot to be, haha. check out the mural on the wall--it'll keep you talking all night! they also had some video projector playing some cool clips on the wall. i loved it and the booths were big and round.. . i went here saturday night. at some point they brought out some dancing girls in skimpy outfits. i felt it was a tad out of place and noisy, but somewhat entertaining.. . i ordered the nina fresa, this delicious vodka cocktail with muddled strawberries. yum.. . our party ordered a lot of things. the sea bass skewers were to die for--definitely order some. i also enjoyed the jalapeno yellowtail. it was served with these large brazilian(?) corn kernels. the sashimi was good, too! those were the only dishes i remember. oh, the neo-tokyo roll was super plain and required salty soy sauce to give it any taste. everything was good though, not amaziiiiing.. . it's def a schlep to get here from the entrance of the palazzo, but worth it! i had a blast, but wouldn't have enjoyed it if i had to pay (but that's everywhere in vegas, no?).
This was a great sushi place that has a little something for everybody. The sashimi was fresh, the kobe beef was amazing ( i loved the kobe beef roll) the happy hour had real good deals. Overall this is a place Ill come back to next time Im in Vegas. A little pricey but this aint your local Dennys so stop complaining about the price of the food, your in Vegas at the Palazzo.
YUM!  Everything we had was good.  There were a few confusions in our ordering b/c it was so loud.  Go with an empty stomach and an open mind.
Excellent happy hour specials!!!
We came in for a bachelorette dinner and we were a group of 15. Our server, Max, was fantastic!  He got a feel for what we liked and suggested we do a "prix fixe" style dinner. Great idea! For $50 a person, we got some of everything. EVERYTHING was good.  I was so full, I couldn't even have any of the food that came toward the end.  The manager even gave us a "tree" of drinks on the house to help us celebrate! Definitely taking my husband here next!. . UPDATE 7/10/12. . This experience was a little lack luster compared to my first.  I did end up taking my husband here as previously mentioned.  I entrusted our menu choices to our server.  Not as impressed. Maybe I just didn't care for her choices as much as I did the first time with Max.  She ordered us these grilled chilies with lime, and they were just okay for me.  Little disappointed though, as I mentioned to her how much I liked the black truffle green beans and didn't get any.  I did tell her I didn't mind raw things, but I should've stopped right there because thats pretty much all we got after that.  The best things were the pot stickers with pumpkin puree and a couple of the sushi rolls.  Also, Peruvian corn was delicious! Next time, I'm gonna order myself so I know I'll like everything.
After writing my review on Sushi Samba, I got an email from the GM of the restaurant expressing his concern with my experience. It was very nice of him to take the time to contact me regarding my dining experience. I am a satisfied customer and will return to Sushi Samba in the near future.
I can depend on quality sashimi at Sushi Samba and yes you'll get the hip ambiance of Las Vegas with all the beautiful people working here and oh I forgot, the service is spot on. . . My order the sashimi combo and the Neo Tokyo Roll. The roll was made with blue fin tuna and was delish, check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=WL4jo9fuQ5hwiDBCfj-DQQ . Sashimi soo yummy and buttery tasting - served on a platter of ice. . . Sushi Samba I love ya, I'll be back to check out your happy hour.
This place was amazingly delicious. Everything we got was creative and an absolute pallet pleaser.. Sushi with mozzarella and salmon, sounds odd but you'll regret not getting it. I wish I could remember all the dishes we tasted, everything was spectacular. We even got a fancy chocolate dessert with white chocolate, dark chocolate and GOLD! It was heavenly.. I like that they'll recommend food for you based on your budget and taste. That being said, the prices are pretty high for the amount of food you get, which is why I gave 4 stars. 3 of us ate for $130. But hey, its Vegas. Go big or go home.
I wouldn't say the food here is particularly authentic of Japanese, Brazilian, or Peruvian, but it's satisfying.  The raw fish is of high quality! And the most exciting thing is that they sell a giant yellowfin collar for super cheap.  My mother believes this happens because non-Asians tend not to eat it, but Asians love it. This is probably why my father who once detested it's clubby and loud environment is now willing to venture there all the time.  For the yellowfin collar.  Squeeze some lemon or lime on that and it's good.. . Otherwise the ramen doesn't taste like ramen, but like good noodle soup, and the gyoza is tempting but not actually better than the O'Tasty frozen variety.  On the whole though, it's quite good, and a very fun place for dinner.  The drinks are good and strong, very strong, so be prepared.
Alright i must say this place was def. awesome! Kind of pricey but well worth it for those special occasion kind of nights. The food was soooooo delicious! The waiters are there to explain everything for you and how there menus work. Its a bit different then your average restaurant. We had so many different platters i dont know where to start. The sushi was just super tasty along with the way they prepare there steaks, pork, etc etc etc....The sauces they give with each dish also has so much flavor! If your looking to spend the $$$ on some really good food with alot of flavor this is 1 of the places to do it! The restaurant itself is fairly loud so when having a conversation your going to have to speak up a bit in order to hear each other, that was the only thing but its vegas its like that. Service was super fast and i really have no complaints about this place. Good job sushi samba!
This place gets expensive, and seemed really packed.  Sat at the sushi bar and had a wonderful although inconsistent server.  She apologized a lot for the long waits.  Food was delicious, and you won't find a "Japanese, Peruvian, Brazilian" fusion restaurant most other places.  The rolls were good, the nigiri overpriced and not as beautiful as you'll find in other places specializing in sushi.  The meat kabobs and the edamame were deliciousness in a dish.  Recommended!
Love the food, love our waiter and loved how nice the rest of the staff was. They also gave us complimentary dessert that said "congratulations" because we're newlyweds. I thought that was a sweet touch and came out of nowhere. . . We ordered this mushroom dish, avocado/sweet potato roll and a side of veggies. Everything vegan and everything soo yummy. The inside was pretty neat too.
Sushi is really good! I liked to ambiance and staff were defiantly restaurant educated.. I'll be back for sure
Overpriced, but what isn't? It's sin city. ;). . Good stuff though, mojito was bomb.
I have been here twice. The first time I ate here and the second I just had drinks. The food was really good. Unfortunately it was almost three years ago so I don't remember what I ate. Sorry Yelpers, I know that isn't very helpful. I do remember being very satisfied though. Very fresh and full of wonderful flavors. . . The second time I just had a couple drinks at the bar. I had a Mojito which was really good and then I had Chu Cucumber. Nice, very refreshing. . . All in all its a good place to come if your staying at the Palazzo/Venetian. At night they get really busy so make reservations. I can't wait to go back and eat more so I can update my review with more useful information.
This was our go to late night place while staying at the Venetian. We opted to sit at the bar and try their happy hour specials along with a few things off their menu.. . I woud HIGHLY recommend the Miso Chilean sea bass, as it was once of the BEST I have ever had. The vegetables that came with it were so tender and delicious, even though I hate Brussels sprouts, the rest were quite good.. . The Spicy tuna rolls were really good also, though small compared to other places I've had them.. . The BEST vegetable dish I've had in a long time were the Collard Greens in an asian dressing. They were crunchy and filling enough for two. Though, next time I'm not sharing! . . Another stand out to me were the Fried plantains. Normally, restaurants cut them thick and serve them with sides of beans and sour cream. I loved that these were cut thin and lightly breaded, deep fried and sprinkled only with some shavings of cheese. . . Besides the sea bass, the items we got were only $5-6 bucks a dish and easily can be split by two. This was probably my favorite place to dine while there and probably one of the better late night dining options you have if you don't feel like burgers or sandwiches.. . I would have loved to give them a full 5 stars but the bar people were much to slow in not only forgetting to ask our order but forgetting to bring us our drinks after having to ask  three times, while serving those who just sat down right away. Otherwise, the food was fantastic!
Here's some easy math: . . Awesomeness = SUSHISAMBA = Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian Fusion.. . Yup.. . I recently traveled to the Sin City for work and of course, had to try as many good restaurants as I could. While most offered decent food, they were definitely overpriced.. . But SUSHISAMBA was simply awesome. My friend and I ordered four plates and they were the perfect amount of food for two ladies to share. More importantly, everything was fresh and delicious.. . Here is what we gobbled down.. . Sea bass and miso:. OMG. The fish blew me away with its tenderness and deep flavor. The decorative Peruvian corn also added a nice touch to the dish. A must try.. . Yellow tail jalapeno and lemongrass:. Includes 4 pieces of sashimi. Pleasantly spicy with jalapeno, the fish was nicely chilled and tasted very refreshing.. . Samba sushi assortment:. Has 12 pieces, including 8 kinds of sashimi and one type of roll. Everything was very, again, FRESH. I loved how the rice, fish and all the ingredients melted in my mouth.. . Yellowtail seviche:. Wrapped in crispy tortillas and sprinkled with lime juice, the seviche tacos were a nice little summery treat in this boiling city.. . What's better is that good food is not the only reason that I like this fusion restaurant.. . Our waitress was nice and gave us good suggestions on what to order. My other colleague who came here with a big group also raved about the great service they received.. . The ambiance was modern and romantic. I felt like I walked into a trendy, reddish dome, with interesting circular decor.. . The bill? Certainly a splurge. But for the experience I had, it was well worth it.. . Some final math: VISIT VEGAS = TRY SUSHISAMBA.
Been here three times...but for some reason the quality is going down. I want to give this 5 *'s but last time it just didn't live up to the hype. I brought my girl and she was like this is the place you keep raving about?! Boy did I feel dumb.. . On my first visit I had the Chef Omakase. I was the only one at the bar because I was gambling for so long. I made a killing at the tables and was feeling rather giddy - so I went all out. The sushi chef asked me if I had any allergies/no likes... which is easy for me - no octopus and no squid. . . Wow did he come out guns blazing - A toro over warm rice with some special sauce. It nearly blew off my mouth. Then he went with a three lineup selection - Hamachi, Red Snapper and More Maguro.. but these had some sauces and jalapenos and ginger. Nice follow up. I said. How are you going to beat that..... . He surprised me with a Peruvian slice of Filet mignon covered with Foie Gras. WOW dang that I guess I will stop doubting this chef. He lined up a couple more slices of sushi and I thought it was over. Pretty good, but I am thinking he is ending on the wrong note when he busts out a fried rice cake with Foie Gras and yellowtail Belly.... I nearly jumped out of my seat of how good that was. After that experience I adamantly recommended this to friends who wanted to try something different.. . On subsequent visits with a couple friends we did Omakase again, but this time it was mostly rolls. I mean the sushi was great but the rolls left me wanting. Gone was the foie gras...and with that my 5th star.. . On my last visit my girlfriend ate pretty standard stuff nothing spectacular and since we didnt do Omakase I was left on my own to decide which usually means pretty boring. I love the surprises chefs give me  when I order Omakase. Hopefully I will be back and the chef can surprise me and make me change my rating...until that my 4 *'s will stand. . . This place does get busy since it turns into a club some nights. Sit at the bar if you want the more crazy experience. I still love this place but with all the places on the strip, other places may get my business...
Great restaurant, great food.  Great for groups - upbeat environment.  . . A bit on the pricey side.
pricey.... but was happy i found my favorite sake. "star rabbit" blueberry sparkling sake..... oooh so yummmy!!!
Sushi Samba, whether in NY, Miami, or Vegas is consistent and delicious.  This particular Sushi Samba, like the rest, is open late (surprising that so many great Vegas restaurants aren't), has a hip atmosphere and great sushi.
Came late night, super hungry after drinking and dancing. They have a happy hour menu late night I think between 11PM-2AM $5 dollar mojitos, $5 Caipirinha- which were amazing, they taste just like one straight from brazil. They also have spicy tuna rolls and other rolls for $5 each. The vibe and atmosphere is great. Bartender was very friendly and helpful.
Asian and Latin fushion = yummy!  Must get the sea bass and miso skewers!
This was definitely one of the best dining experiences I've had in LV. We called a few hours ahead to make reservations at 8:45pm on a Friday night. The restaurant was packed and the decor is absolutely gorgeous. . . For 2 we had:. . - Edamame organic soybeans, sea salt, lime. - Rock Shrimp Tempura golden pea shoot, snap pea jullienne, spicy mayo, black truffle vinaigrette. - Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca anticuchos. - Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass roasted organic vegetables and oshinko. - BoBo Brazil roll* seared wagyu beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri. - Green Envy* tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust, aji amarillo-key lime mayo. . Everything was delicious! The rock shrimp tempura and sea bass were amazing. I wasn't a huge fan of the beef anticuchos, they were seasoned almost too much. The rolls were pretty small and didn't stand out as much as the other food. Service was on point, and I would definitely come back!
What a great happy hour they have here. You will need to find it because it's upstairs but well worth it! . . We had almost everything from their happy hour menu and each item was good and not your typical Japanese/sushi since it's more Asian fusion. . . The service was terrific at the bar as the bartenders were attentive, sincere and courteous. . . Would def come back again.
For some reason, this is where my wife and I usually end up taking out-of-town guests when we can't decide where else to go. I think we've visited this place more times than any other Strip restaurant. Some people may hate fusion spots, but I love them. The food here is consistently good and affordable -- at least compared to other places on the Strip.. . If you're just looking for sushi, there are better places to hit up, but with all the other small plate options this spot is a winner in my book. . . I'm only giving them 4 stars this time around because there's better sushi out there and my favorite red-headed bartender wasn't there.
Came here during a weekend trip, their sushi originals are to die for. I totally recommend this south American - sushi fusion!
When my boyfriend proposed dinner at SUSHISAMBA I wasn't 100% sure what to expect. Naturally, I immediately assumed it was sushi with a bit of a twist, but I didn't really expect the menu they had in store! They offered a very cool Japanese, Peruvian and Brazilian fusion (not your everyday mash-up!) and everything was executed brilliantly. I was a touch put off at the outset when the waiter told us that he could create a dinner experience FOR US without much of our input. After finding out about food allergies, dietary restrictions, etc. he gave us a ballpark of about $50 - $60 per person and took it from there. We, quite literally, ordered NOTHING off of the menu - everything that we ate was something that our waiter thought would be a hit for us. While I was skeptical, it actually worked out well! He brought us some amazing dishes (the corn that accompanies the sea bass is insanely good and the ahi tacos were stellar) though we could have probably done with a couple fewer dishes. We left absolutely stuffed and very impressed. . . I'm sure we could have kept it under $100 (not including drinks) if we were to order on our own (we got a LOT of food, including a few orders that probably wouldn't have been on our agenda), but if you're okay with the price range laid out, they do know their stuff! All around good experience. I would go again, but now that we've tried quite a few things, I would prefer to place my own order. :)
Very fresh and creative sushi located in the Palazzo shops area on the second floor. This is a must if you love sushi!
Me and my gf made a weekend trip to Vegas while I was in SF for work. We got in late Friday night so our nice dinner options were slim since we had limited time and getting anywhere outside your hotel takes 20 minutes - that is once you're in a cab.. . We were staying at the Venetian so decided to trek around in our Vegas attire and find a spot to eat. Low and behold Sushi Samba, serving dinner at 11:30pm. . . I've been to Sushi Samba multiple times in NYC but this was a different experience. We opted to do a suggested tasting menu. It was delicious. Everything we had was incredible. The chef understood what we liked and wanted and did an excellent job. . . My only issue was that we gave the waiter a budget on how much we wanted to tasting menu to be (they are supposed to make it around that) and she went over by $15-20.. . All in all, if you're gonna go to Sushi Samba (wherever) do the tasting menu, it's quite the delight.
I love the fusion. This place is a must-try!!! It's nothing new but the flavor due to the combo of meats, fruits and veggies makes it very unique. Your taste buds start to dance and gets awaken by the difference in flavors in one single bite.. Everything we ordered, we delightfully enjoyed.
The visuals at Sushi Samba are the best part of the meal, from the colorful cocktails, to the artfully-arranged sushi rolls, to even the cool circular sliding doors in the bathrooms. However, it's not just a feast for the eyes. I am usually skeptical of anything labeled "fusion", but this concept works. Even the Brazilian friend I shared my meal with agreed.
Upbeat, happening and alive. This sushi place is TOP in Vegas. It has energy pumping when you walk in. The seats are close together but the whole design of the place makes it OK. . . They have beautiful modern bathroom with an attendant. We indulged in the Kobe beef app- which was small as HECK but so tasty.. . We got few rolls of sushi which were fresh and tasty. They had great girly cocktails too.. . I would RUN back!
Second time here and have to say both times were great. We sat at the bar and our server was super cool. Loved the seaweed salad which was a trio of three kinds of seaweed, the yellowtail sashimi was so fresh and the sauce excellent.  Expensive? yes, but that's no secret.
4 stars for the dessert and tempura green beans.. . Everything else was meh.. . Ordered the samba strip roll which came with a little lobster tail and had mango in it.  It was average.  The peanut curry sauce I wasn't a fan of as it tasted like ginger and I was not feelin it.. . But the star was the dessert...banana honey crispy taquitos.  They have a caramel sauce on top and chocolate on the bottom. AMAZING. . and the green bean tempura is served with black truffle aoili.  I yelled so loud the table next to me ordered it.  It was a very "When Harry Met Sally" moment "I'll have what she's having"
It's interesting that back home, I partake in sushi once or twice a week without fail  ... and yet in Vegas, while staying in a hotel where it seems every celebrity chef has at least one restaurant (and in many cases two)... I'm drawn to a "sushi" place once again.  . . Nonetheless, the Brazilian beats and atmosphere from the outside looking in made SUSHISAMBA seem different, and well worth trying. . . So we did.. . SUSHISAMBA is a Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian fusion restaurant.  Hence the aforementioned "beats." . . The visuals of this place are more "club" than restaurant, both from a lighting/decor perspective, as well as the patrons drinking around the bar.  . . That being said, as we were seated at our table, the fusion influences did highlight how somewhat boring and "polite" the sushi places I normally frequent actually are.  SUSHISAMBA has a much more vibrant atmosphere.. . Regardless, I was in the mood for sushi, so I stayed within that zone on the menu. . . My dinner companion fears the stuff... which made this place perfect.  I could indulge, while she self-cooked meat on a ultra hot stone in front of her (yes, that is an option).  . . Thus, my sashimi/sushi/roll selection was served before me with zero guilt .. . Everything either of us ordered was very good.  No complaints on the quality whatsoever.  The only negatives are repeated from what other reviewers have mentioned:. . --  if you order outside of the Japanese realm, the price seems to go way up.  If you treat it as a sushi restaurant, the price is in line, even for Vegas.  . . -- Again, outside of the "sushi" realm, portion size could very well disappoint. . . --  The tables can feel a little too close for comfort with your neighbors.  But this varies depending on where you are seated.  . . Overall, I am a fan of the traditional sushi-restaurant  fare served here, because it trumps the overall experience I have elsewhere -- the quality is fine, the atmosphere is more fun.  . . Venturing beyond that will no doubt deliver quality, but you may end up needing to order more than expected to be satisfied, and end up with a much lighter wallet.  . . Calgary Yelp's 30 day challenge:  10/30
Happy hour is a good deal, 6 bucks for sake and rolls.  I had a tuna roll, rather plain and uninspired, but the roll with salmon skin and bonito flakes on top was awesome!  The gyoza, made with pork, were delicious.  The bartender was very nice, although certainly more focused on making sure her family member had drinks and food.  Overall it was good and I'd go back.
Very good sushi.  Many different types of Asian, Sushi like food.  A Little pricey but everything tasted amazing!  Expect to pay $75+ per person to eat.  $100+ if you are hungry.  Other then that it was amazing!
It's not an authentic japanese feeling but it's a great Peru/Japanese mix food.. The host and server were very friendly and nice interior! I def go again and again!. It's in Palazzo hotel but not too expensive than I thought.
Fun place - good drinks and food was quite good.  . . I would highly recommend every dish we had - they were all quite tasty.  . . We had Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos - its fried, I know - definitely not the most healthy thing on the menu - but they were just delicious! The sashimi tiradito (kanpachi with yozu sauce) was just amazing - it completely melts in your mouth and is very refreshing with the lemony tang.  The seabass skewers also amazingly well prepared and tasted phenomenal.  The green envy and carnaval were unique and also worth a try.  . . Sharing is definitely the way to go here so make sure you go with peeps that want to also share.
Dinner here completely blew away my expectations.  I expected corporate lackluster service, dishes and an over hyped Vegas restaurant.  I was glad to be proven wrong.  . . A Sushisamba was short lived in Dallas and now I can see why...this would never fit in Dallas.  A very lively restaurant at the back end of the Palazzo Shops.  Once seated the very charismatic server explained that the menu, influenced by Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine, is designed to be shared by the table.  Definitely an odd sounding combination of countries for a menu but it worked out well.  Peru and Brazil are heavy on the meats, and with Peru having an Asian influence in their culture, it made perfect sense to fuse the three together. . . When dining with a large group here it can be very confusing as to what should be ordered with a shared menu concept.  Someone at the table should take charge of the ordering or ask your server to lead the way.  We relied on our server to guide us through.  He listened to our likes and dislikes a delivered a wonderful sushi platter.  The rolls were small but great flavor.  We enjoyed it so much we ordered a second platter.  Try the Samba Roll...lobster and mango served with a curry peanut sauce.  Still hungry we ventured to the Peruvian side of the menu and ordered the anticuchos served with Peruvian corn.  A sweet and heavy starch corn, much different that what we have in States.  The skewered meat was very sweet and tender.  Next were the fried mushrooms...a recommendation from the server.  These were outstanding...deep rich flavor fried in tempura.  This sounds like a lot of food but it is not.  I left quite hungry but satisfied with the quality of food and service we received.. . For as busy as they were, the server did not skip a beat.  The food was absolutely delicious.  The restaurant can get pretty loud if you catch it later in the evening.  With this type of shared menu the bill can jump pretty fast.
I like this place. Came here with 2 of my girl friends for Happy Hour on a Thursday night and sat at the bar. Our bartender Homer was GREAT! He kept the drinks coming and took care of our food orders. As we kept getting drunk, he entertained us with his bartending tricks and knowledge of giant Peruvian corn. Haha, we were impressed! Everything we tried on Happy hour was really good, especially the calamari. We ordered a lot of stuff, but the calamari really stood out. I also remember getting the shishito peppers, but they were okay, I've had better in NY. . . All in all, a great experience, I'd love to come here again!
My daughter and I went back to SUSHISAMBA Sat night. Our experience was wonderful. The staff was so nice and friendly. The manager suggested different dishes that we might have never ordered. All were excellent! Our waitress was excellent and was very attentive. She is blonde from Brazil. She was great and remembered us from weeks before! That's a plus and she remembered how I liked my coffee. Ask Michael the manager about the cocktail with a cucumber in it. It was delicious. We will be going back soon. We just love the food and the service.
Hands down the best sashimi I have ever tasted and I am very picky!!  The sauces that accompany the sashimi were to die for, especially the hamachi.  We also tried this mango ahi tuna tartare which was really tasty too!  The only cons were that they really packed the place with tables so if you want a place where you can speak with your dinner companion without having to speak over fellow diners then skip this place.  Only other con was that the menu has so many options that you really should ask the wait staff to give you a few pointers in how much to order.  Our waitress was dead on in guiding us as to how much to order since many of the plates are small tapa style plates while others are larger.  The sushi rolls we ordered were great as well! I will make it a point to come back and eat here everytime I am in Vegas.
The food was tasty but pricey. Order some clams and boy they were tiny like the size of a penny & cost $6 bucks each. Like the purple mush something different.
Who would have thought on a normal Tuesday night at 8pm, we would need a reservation? Sushi Samba proved us wrong. After our experience there, I now see why they have restaurants in some of the biggest cities in the world. . . First of all they told us that we would have a 50 minute wait. As we were leaving to find another place, the hostess informed us that they could fit us at the counter. The "counter" is a raised area that looks out into the restaurant. I'm struggling to figure out how to describe it right now. It's a long table where everyone sits in a row- like a sushi counter- which overlooks the dining area. And you have to be very careful while sitting there. There's not much room and I doubt the people with spacious bench seats below us would appreciate a spilled drink. However, it was the perfect spot for people watching. . . Service was a little slow. Hence, the 4 stars. It took a while for us to get refills on our drinks. The server came over once without us having to wave her down. But food was amazing. I recommend the serviche and taraditos (especially the tuna). The duck breast robata was also amazing. Between the 3 of us, we tried quite a few dishes and we were quite happy with all of them. . . It is a little pricey, but I definitely think this is a great place to try at least once in Vegas!
On the recommendation of a friend ,I took my family here one evening.  The house music was great, the service was quite good, the drink selection wide and thefood was excellent. As you would expect for a location in a 5-star Vegas strip hotel (The Palazzo), this is NOT your father's typical sushi restaurant . As our server informed us immediately, the food is a mix of cultures that is served from from one of three kitchens - as soon as it's ready.  That was just fine with us as we were quite hungry!. . We found only two problem with this place (both of which could be fixed quite easily): 1) When one of us ordered a glass of cranberry juice, it came watered down. Our server was extremely apologetic and mentioned they called their supplier after they discovered our drink.  Apparently their mix delivery system was on the blink. 2) A bus person was very enthusiastic about picking up dishes... sometimes before we were finished.  We mentioned his need to refrain from this and he complied.. . If you're looking for sushi in Vegas that's different than run-of-the-mill sushi (but still quite excellent, of course) this would be a great place to check out!
Sushi Samba is such a young and hip restaurant with urban Japanese art all over the restaurant which is accompanied by loud upbeat music. The crowd here is pretty young and pretty drunk. haha. The table sitting next to me was cackling the entire time, but I didn't mind. Anyways, enough about the ambiance and decor, let's talk about the food and mannnnn did me and my sister order kind of A LOT. The plates are kind of tapas style so you kinda have to order a lot.. . My sister and I were overly excited about Sushi Samba being a Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian restaurant. We ordered a little bit of everything. So here it is:. . - Chicken skewers with Peruvian corn and scallops: Very very tasty. Chicken was tender and grilled to perfection! Peruvian corn, who knew such a thing existed, but nonetheless like ordinary corn. I especially liked the scallops because they were lemony and the presentation was so pretty!. - Jumbo shrimp ceviche: way too sweet. - Tuna ceviche: tuna was fresh and soft, not too sweet, but not too bland. . 2 sushi rolls, but I forgot the name, but one of them included kobe beef, I think the Bobo Brazil... and that one was AMAZING!. - Tuna tataki: MUST ORDER. Good presentation, perfect balance of crisp and soft. Tuna was tasty. - Seared wagyu beef: the sauce accompanying this dish is so perfect. The beef and mushroom was so good. .  . Also try the dessert!. . We ordered more stuff, but don't wanna drag this review on. Just know that you should come here before a night of dancing and drinking because Sushi Samba is the perfect place to fill your belly and pre-game!
Had reservations and arrived at scheduled time. Was immediately taken to our table. Food was fantastic and the presentation of each dish was lovely. The ladies next to us kept asking what we ordered so that they could order too. We started with the Tuna Ceviche- fantastic! I had the Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca anticuchos (two skewers served with peruvian corn), roasted seasonal vegetables, Samba strip Roll maine lobster. My friend had several sushi rolls-  everything was great! We finished with Rosca homemade doughnuts with hazelnut chocolate dipping sauce and a Warm Chocolate Banana Cake maple butter, banana chip, vanilla rum ice cream. DEVINE!!!!!!!!!! I had 2 beers and my friend had sake- dinner for 2 was a bit pricey (thus the 4 stars) but service was very good.The place is very loud, music pulsates the whole time and the video loop playing on the walls is a bit odd- it's hard to have a conversation. I want to go again and try some more dishes!
My favorite thing about this restaurant is the option of having a "custom menu." For a flat per person fee, you can ask your waiter (ours was Max, who was incredibly attentive and friendly) to order your food for you. As a restaurant with three kitchens (Japanese, Brazillian & Peruvian, don't quote me on that last one), the diversity of dishes you can consume is great. . . Every time a dish was brought out for us, Max would sit down for a couple seconds and explain each dish. It was really fun not knowing what came out next! For about $70/person (with tip) we got:. . dumplings and ceviche. four types of sashimi. Peruvian corn & grilled miso seabass. albacore tuna roll & el topo roll. braised duck breast with Japanese mushrooms. . All of which were AMAZING. Do the "custom menu." It's what makes this place unique and fun!
SushiSamba. . SushiSamba is an Asian Fusion type of Restaurant.  It takes the combination of Japanese, Brizilian and Peruvian cuisine to create their menu.  After attending a show in the area we had the craving for some Sushi.  We had decided on Sushisamba.. . When we got there I think we were in between meals (lunch / dinner) so the place was now crowded.  It was kind of good like that, because it wasn't too loud and plenty of tables to select from.  Kind of dark, but yet nice ambiance.  A little music in the background, not too loud which allows you to have a nice comfortable conversation.  Not too dark to the point where you couldn't see what you were eating.  Here is what we decided to order:. . . Rock Shrimp Tempura . Golden pea shoot, snap pea jullienne, spicy mayo, black truffle vinaigrette 18.00. Tasty...think I like this dish the best.  4 stars. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=YfPESP5vVgqKCRts_w9uKQ. . Sea Bass and Miso  . Sea Bass on a skewer. Tasty and flavorful, the sauce was on the sweet side.  But when your hungry your hungry.  4 stars. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=qyYOuNCdfMW8winJG3KKZQ. . Yellowtail jalapeno and lemongrass 14.00. This dish...I really didn't get to taste but a piece of....but the Yellowtail seem to have been warmer than room temperature.  Normally they are served slightly below room temperature.  . Overall 3.5 stars.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=pld_gLNKWlhXqqZuMCerHw. . Green Envy . tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust, aji amarillo-key lime mayo 13.00. This dish was nicely prepared.  A good mixture of the Salmon and Tuna.. Overall 3.5 stars. . Rainbow Dragon . freshwater eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado 15.00. I've had better Rainbow Dragon Rolls....but it was good enough to pass the average taste level for me.  . Overall 3.5 stars. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=XH1kDM59gYRAqYPJ2lVnqQ. . Overall dinning experience was excellent.. I'm glad they had such a nice ambiance.. Our service was excellent.. Our drinks were good.. Suggestions and recommendation from our waiter was on point.. Will return when in Vegas.. Overall rating / experience -  4 stars.
Colorful & tasteful with a new twist. A wonderful dining experience with fresh and tasty sushi new-style. . Love it.
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food at SushiSamba. My friend who was there before, ordered for all of us and his choices were impeccable. We started out with a house complimentary appetizer  of scallops with pesto and the feast continue on. Top dishes for me were sauteed Hamachi and Sea Bass skewers that we washed down with an excellent bottle of a cold pressed sake.The restaurant decor is  a bit dark but very pleasing on the eye with video of Brazil and Peru projected on walls. The only downside to the dining experience was service that started out a bit rough but then picked up and ended up better. So I cannot give this place 5 Stars although the food really deserves it. I will definitely be back  there when I am in Vegas
Came back here for the 3rd time and it was still as good as the first. The tuna tacos are so gooooooood. One of my favorite spots in Vegas.
I came here on a saturday night for dinner to celebrate my 25th birthday with the best of company, fun entertainment, and delicious food!!! I'd been here before but always sat in the front of the restaurant... had NO clue how HUGE this place was!!! We sat in the very back (where it seems many of the large birthday parties were seated) The ambiance of the restaurant is very dark and jungle esque (if i remember correctly o.o) lol very ruckusy and vegas appropriate! There were drummers and scandalous (but h0t) dancers going up and down the aisles which provided for the fun entertainment.  But enough of that, on to the main event. . . We had a party of 6 and decided it best to do as our super nice server suggested, omakase style :) . - Cucumber cocktail on the house!!! They brought each of us a mini cocktail to start the meal off! Very nice and considerate of them! nice and refreshing and definitely got my appetite going :) . - A trio appetizer platter consisting of well salted edamame, roasted shito peppers, and deep fried string beans served in the most delicious chipotle aoli sauce (all 3 were delicious but I think my favorite would have to be the roasted shito peppers with a drizzle of lime juice for a nice kick). - Yellowtail Sashimi MINI TACOS!!! These were sooo fun and delicious! Great fushion idea! The restaurant is VERY accommodating, we mentioned to them 1 of the girls is allergic to cilantro so they brought out a special lobster taco for just for her! The flavors were bold and the taco shell was nice and crispy.  But I think I still enjoy DOS CAMINO'S mini tacos better...those are to.die.for.  . - Ahi tuna over a piece of bamboo and basil leaf.  This was an interesting combination.  Probably my least favorite dish of the night.  The basil leaf was a bit overwhelming and covered the taste of the ahi too much. . - Filet Mignon with oversized asparagus.  The meat was tender and very well cooked, very pink in the middle.  I'm not a big beef eater so I only ate the edges of the piece but my friends seemed to enjoy it.  Definitely not one of the top dishes of the night but was still yummy.  The ASPARAGUS however, was QUITE delicious!! they probably cooked it in butter... hahaha i'll take it :) A good bite on the outside and nice and tender on the inside! . - Sea Bass with oversized Peruvian corn!!! YUMMMY!!!! The sea bass was nice and flaky.  Flavoring was a bit salty but I feel like at these restaurants they tend to do that a bit...i mean, everyones a bit intoxicated so salty foods are what people want LOL The peruvian corn was just really fun to eat!! My friends really enjoyed it but I definitely like summer sweet white corn on the cob better :) . - MUSHROOM POT ON CRACK. THIS WAS DEFINITELY THE SHOW STOPPER OF THE NIGHT!!! the flavoring of the sauce, the textures of the 3? 4? different mushrooms. happiness. The sauce was like a cream of mushroom, milky, full flavored, salty, a hint of sweetness... too good. needless to say we all took a bite and just smiled in satisfaction. We all stared at each other and knew rice was needed to soak up all that bomb sauce!! . - 4 different Sushi Rolls were brought out last (3.5 stars).  All 4 were decent, nothing really to rave much about unfortunately. :(  I'm a big big sushi lover and have had some off the chart rolls so I can't pretend these were anything to die for.  . . ***The first time I came my friend ordered for the table and I definitely think that made a difference.  They have some REALLY scrumptious dishes that I wish I could've ordered for my friends to try!! Perhaps next time!! I'll be more prepared lol . . OVERALL RATINGS:. Food - 3.75 stars (except for the mushroom pot on crack... 4.5 stars for that). Food (for the first time I came) - 4.25 stars! . Drink - 4 stars for the cucumber cocktail & bottle of Santa Margaritta Pino Grigio. Presentation - 4 stars. Service & Ambiance - 4 stars. . I gave this place 4 stars mainly because I had a great time that night, and the company I kept definitely played a big part in that.  The food IS goood, just a bit $$$$.  Its definitely a GREAT place to go with a group thats just looking for some good eats, good drinks, and a great time :O) BOTTOM LINE: I'd DEFINITELY GO BACK AGAIN!!
We came here on our second night in Vegas. It came highly recommended from several friends, and I was excited to try it! It's Japanese and Brazilian fusion, which sounded exotic and awesome.. . We had a reservation, and I am quite thankful for that. It was PACKED by the time we got there. The hostess seated us immediately. The tables were all a little close to each other, and you did sort of feel like you were sitting with a bunch of strangers!. . Our waitress was awesome and knew the menu inside and out. She had some great suggestions (which we ordered).. . We had the wagyu beef sashimi (which they had to make twice because they messed up the first time). It was delicious. Next, we had the pork belly, which was just ok. I don't think I'd get it again. Then we had the yellowtail ceviche tacos, which were amazing. Finally, we ordered two rolls, the bobobrazil and the neo tokyo. I loved both of them.. . For dessert, we ordered the mochi. It was OUT OF CONTROL. By far the best mochi I have ever tasted. . . I had prosecco and my boyfriend ordered a beer. It went well with our food.. . I'm excited to try the location in Chicago!!!!
This is a fusion of so many foods that it can be confusing. But we had a great time for a party of 6 with reservations at 7pm on a Saturday night. The highlight is their intermission of Samba dancers coming around. The service was really on point as well.. . Food: is fusion so if you want fish, meat or chicken you can have it all. Portions are tini tiny but very tasteful. . . Drinks: very good!! Ask for the signature drinks of Brazil or Peru and you will be surprised.
The dinner was fantastic. I had a hard time choosing so I had the waitress choose. She picked the spicy tuna sushi.  Pork Gioza, salt and pepper squid, sea bass. Everything was great until we decided not to have dessert. The waitress's attitude completely changed.
This place is amazing....
Hamachi Kama , sea bass and miso, kanpachi (yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil), edamame.  This was a nice Japanese Restaurant find in Vegas.  It would be nice to go back and try to find some of the other dishes.
My friend wanted to celebrate her tax return and take me to lunch (hooray for me!!) She wanted to have sushi on the Strip, well mostly all the sushi restaurants on the Strip don't open until dinner, except SUSHISAMBA, so that's where we landed.  While we waited for them to open, I was scoping yelp reviews to see what we should order. The Peruvian Corn seemed to be the #1 suggestion, so that's what we started out with.  Neither  one of us were impressed, sorry to say, but I felt like I was eating just a giant piece of corn kernal. But it was all uphill from there. . . Our server, Drago, was very attentive and full of suggestions, he had asked if we dined here before and I told him I had been to the one in Miami, then he said he would bring us something on the house for coming back. When I tell you, you MUST order these, I'm not exaggerating, they were excellent, not on the menu, Peruvian Bay Scallops, prepared differently than the one on the menu. They were so good we had to order another round. I am a huge fan of yellowtail, so we ordered the Yellowtail taquitos, so tasty, I loved the crunch that the mini taco shell added to the yellowtail flavor. Next up was a table favorite as well, Sea Bass Miso, it melted in your mouth.  I was skeptical at first, they are served on a skewer, so I wasn't expecting the amazing flavor I tasted when I took my first bite. Drago suggested the El Topo roll, both of us like hot,, super spicy food, this roll had a nice kick at the end, I normaily don't like any kind of dairy on my sushi rolls, i.e. cream cheese, etc....but this had melted mozzarella, it was excellent. Then came the grand finale, my friend is a HUGE Kobe beef fan so she wanted to try the Wagyu beef, excellent grade A5, Ishi Yaki hot stone, dipping sauces, vegetables. presentation was so nice, lots of different sauces to try.  DESSERT, yes we still had room for dessert, we tried the Peruvian Hot Chocolate con Creme served with traditional churros and the Coco Duo dark and white chocolate custard with praline. The second one was by far the best. A must. Also try the house made iced tea, they mix fresh orange juice, lime juice and lemon with black tea.....think I drank a pitcher of it.  Good food, service, ambiance!
Pretty pretty good (in the famous words of Larry David)...food was very good however, not sure what was going on with the service.  Server was very friendly and knowledgable; however, we ordered 5-6 apps / sushi rolls in waves...everything came out at once.  Small table for two and the entire table was filled with plates.  Hmmm...not ideal.  The tempura green beans were excellent. Everything else was pretty good.  I'd go back fo' sho'...
When it comes to asian fusion food, I could probably find nothing better than Sushi Samba.  Some colleagues and myself decided to meet here for a dinner meeting and overall, atmosphere, waiting service, selection of food, and cleanliness all surpassed expectations.  I do admit though, that a) I was not ready for the bill, and b) ultimately, there's better value elsewhere.  . . I'll explain: . . The location is extremely convenient being in the middle of the Venetian Palazzo so it literally was down the elevator and to the left from my room.  The setting was a hip new age laced with asian motif. However, I felt rushed to a certain degree due to the cramptness (3 of us were 6' or taller and over 200lbs) and also the extreme business of waiter + customers + waiting line out the front.  We decided to ask the waitress to order for us as we were more interested in business discussion than the food itself, and felt that we passed on the message that we were looking for 3-4 appetizers or so to whet our palette and no more.  Yes, out came 4 dishes (to this day I'm not sure if it was the main or appy), and absolutely, each dish was delicious.  The braised pork was perfectly cooked with some searing on the edges to caramalize the sugars.  The fried shrimp was well done without any 'oily' taste or textures.  Skewered fish was the highlight of the affair in my opinion as the fish was neither too well done making it tough, or raw on the inside.  And finally, the sushi (hamachi, sake, tamago, and toro) was put together fairly well although I thought the cuts were a little thin for my taste.  . . The bill ended up to be just over $300 for three people without any alcohol.  It's not cheap folks.  It's definitely a personal feeling thing but at $300 I'm expecting more... I was feeling the dinner's value was no more than $60 per person and not $100+ per person.  I'd take the extra $40 per person and put it into a taxi cab fare to go to different place but then again, that's only because my value of convenience is probably lower than most.. . Food - A+. Service - A+. Atmosphere - B+. Cleanliness - A. Value - B
Not any more overpriced than other places around here and we had a very sweet server who did everything perfectly.  Hamachi taco starter and something else that was apparently forgettable.  I had a chefs selection of sushi which included a roll which I've also forgotten the name of.  I'm realizing this isn't the best of reviews but Itend to be relatively picky a d this place was all right.
I almost want to give this a 5. Near oh my god moment, but not quite.. . This is a little misleading. I swear this came up under "Chinese" on Yelp while we were looking for something (in a group of four) but this is definitely not Chinese. It's Japanese Brazilian fusion, which I had never had, but was awesome. The menu is a bid daunting, but the waitress offered to bring out a tasting menu for us, based on the common questions like, "are you OK with raw fish," "do you have allergies," "how do you eat red meat," etc. This was helpful - usually I'm not fazed by the large menu, but for some reason I was having problems focusing. Worth mentioning they say up front that they'll take back anything we don't like, no charge, and they do ask for a budget to keep them in line.. . What we got was really pretty exceptional. Gyoza steamed and pan fried, hamachi taquitos (not what you're thinking - not the deep fried rolls, but little taco shells filled with hamachi sashimi), seared tuna with baby greens and crunchy salt, and portabella fries with kabocha aioli. All sounds fancy, all really good.. . Then a warm plate - grilled sea bass with a sweet glaze, filet mignon (not their A5 wagyu, which we were offered for an upcharge, but declined) and king crab leg, all with a side of elote. The bass was good - tender and flaky, and I like the glaze. But it was crazy overpowered by the beef and crab. Firstly, the beef was far superior to what we had at N9NE. Tender, flavorful, and with a great salt and pepper crust on the outside, served with a little pile of powdered chile for dipping. And the crab was that near oh my god moment. An *enormous* king crab leg, brushed with a sort of thick butter sauce, served piping hot. Wow, this was exceptional. And while I guess I should expect it, points to the restaurant for realizing that serving a filet and a crab leg family style to diners that have only chopsticks required that you slice things up in to nice little bite sized pieces.. . Finally, sushi. Their Neo Tokyo roll, which is their version of the spicy tuna, a hamachi roll with spicy crab and avocado on top, a tuna roll with asparagus, dusted with wasabi, and an assortment of sashimi and nigiri. As well as a hot roll - something covered in melted mozzarella, crispy onions and a sweet sauce. All of the cold rolls were good - I especially liked their Neo Tokyo roll. The sashimi was also very good, but the hot roll...I could do without. It was in interesting twist - not just the cheese was hot, but the entire roll, rice and all. However, the cheese and a heaping helping of onion and sauce overpowered whatever might have been inside. This was about the only misstep I could find.. . The atmosphere is odd - lots of pounding techno music, along with an odd video collage (on many many video screens) of Brazilian beach babes, bullet trains, Brazilian slums, and Japanese salarymen trudging to their soul-murdering jobs. Not sure what they were going for. But whatever.. . Great spot - Chinese though it wasn't, we all were appropriately full when it was over (not hungry, no stuffed) and we all agreed we'd be back. The total bill, excluding drinks, was probably about $65 per person. I loved the mix of appetizers, hot beef and seafood, and sushi. If you're going with a group, this is a fun way to try stuff without having to worry about reading a menu.
Interesting mix of Japanese and Brazilian food. The music made it feel more like a club than a restaurant, but it felt like a trendy crowd. Get reservations or expect to wait. It's very busy.
A little bit on the expensive side but the quality of the food explains it all.... I had Kobe beef on the hot stone and it was marvelous!!!! The sashimi were really fresh, I recommend salmon and yellow tail to anyone who love fresh sashimi... The waitress was also attentive and helpful
This is one of the best sushi places on the Strip.  You can find delicious cheaper sushi off the strip, but convenience to visitors makes this more suitable.  My favorite roll is the foie gras.  Expensive, but so worth having at least once.  Personally, I get it everytime.
I've been to the NYC ones as well, and they all always have great sushi and a very upbeat, trendy atmosphere.  The issue with this one in Vegas is that the service was extremely slow (the waiter would forget about us for long periods of time) and it was very loud and crowded.  I had to shout the entire time just so the person I was with could here me.
one of my favorite places in Vegas. it's located in the shoppes area of the Venetian near or in the palazzo side. at any rate, no real review because I like it like everyone else, and there's no shortage of people that like this place.. . I do have some suggestions though. first of all, make a reservation or show up very early. second, instead of getting lost in the menu -- it's a fusion restaurant so think myriad choice and complexity multiplied by something other than binary -- have the wait staff put together a tapas selection based on their favorites. tell them how adventurous you are else up may end up with little fried crabs you're supposed to eat whole. just sayin. last thing, don't leave without trying the purple mashed potatoes.. . it's expensive here especially with drinks - so bring your bankroll, your loan repayment program, your mommy's credit card, or your dish washing skillz.
Fusion sushi done right! . . I enjoyed the quality of service and food. . . The sushi was fresh and tasty. . . Thank you for the memorable experience!!!
I don't even know what to make of south american influenced sushi but why the f**ck not. this place is worth try, better than throwing your money at gambling (don't kill me ghosts of Las Vegas' Past). .  I felt I could have shoved a few sushi rolls up my butt to get some attention in this place but whatevers. I liked what I had, but seriously you better be dipping my sushi in some beluga caviar to justify these prices. All I'm saying is, why is every place is Las Vegas so dingy? The cleanliness of some of these places is really atrocious. I just expect a little less worn in place for the price is all i'm saying.
Go different, Go Sushi Samba. . Must-haves: La Robata [B+], Brazilian Corn [B], BoBo Brazil [B]. Skip: Neo Tokyo [D] WAY overrated . . Yeah this is place is expensive but it's worth it. . . First of all I have to say that I love fusion food if it's done right. There is definitely something alluring about mixing flavors from different cultures. When I heard that Sushi Samba fuses Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian, I dropped everything and made a reservation.. . Inside, Sushi Samba will have you in awe before you even taste the food. The interior decor is modern but definitely has a South American flare.  We need more places like this in Vegas!. . Service is unfortunately hit or miss. This place often gets very busy and servers sometimes struggle to handle the crowd.. . The food selection is very impressive. Don't bother with generic food that you can get anywhere. Try something new! There are so many interesting and delicious options to pick from...be adventurous!. . . Food: A- | Service: C- | Selection: A | Experience: B+ | Overall:  B
Don't know what they put in the ice tea, but it's addicting...
I like Sushisamba a lot.  It was a fun restaurant with a cool, modern vibe to it.  It is definitely one of the more trendy sushi restaurants that I have been to.  In no way am I putting Sushisamba up there with my favorite Japanese restaurant, Sushi Ran in San Francisco.  But it was definitely worth trying out.. . I didn't try the omakase, but I wanted to.  I was with my wife, who doesn't like anything but meat and vegetable tempura, so I didn't want to be limited.  So we just ordered off the menu, which was fine.  The rolls here are definitely different then I'm used to.  What with all of the foie gras and wagyu beef.  The Neo Tokyo Roll was tasty.  I liked the tuna and tempura flakes together.  I also had the hamachi nigiri and the uni nigiri, both of which were very good.  I love uni, and this was good.. . We had the seasonal vegetable tempura, which was good.  To be honest, I've had better tempura but by no means am I saying that this wasn't a good dish.  I like vegetable tempura, so I would order this again.  We also had the the three meat Rio Grande Churrasco.  We chose the pork tenderloin, the hanger steak and the ribeye.  The hanger steak was by far the best of the three, with the ribeye coming in second.  It was so tasty.  The pork tenderloin was a bit disappointing.  It was dry and uneventful.  Next time, I'm getting three orders of the hanger steak.  And the sauces were a nice complement to the dish.. . Sushisamba is fun.  The food is good.  And the staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.  I had fun here, and I think that adds a lot to your experience at any restaurant.  I can say that I am a fan.
I came here with a small group for dinner late night after arriving in Vegas late.  Sushi Samba was able to extend our reservation until 1am.  After we sat down, we decided to go with the omakase and it did not disappoint.  It came out with a heaping amount of food including: edamame, tempura string beans, ceviche tacos, sushi, steak, rice, etc... and i can't forget the peruvian corn.. . Definitely go with the omakase!
Want to give a huge shout out to Sushi samba, A big thanks to Joshua Wolf & chef Herb as well as the rest of the bartenders. You all make a great team and show a huge satisfaction, my company and I got a chance to meet the team and enjoy A five night in a row dinner in SUSHI SAMBA, hope we didn't make to much of a mess and weren't to loud, there will be much more evening's to come by, I have one huge request and thats for you guys to sit on shimons head and get one opened up in LOS ANGELES "ASAP" . Thanks Again... . Sincerely Golan M.
My mom is entering the twilight of her years and sanity and we celebrated this occasion by taking her to Las Vegas. 60 years on this planet and the woman had never been to this little stretch of desert. Go figure.. . I'm a bit of a millionaire (actual percentage varies but it has been known to exceed the single digits) so I decided that I was going to pick up the check on dinner for the three nights we were in town. I made all the reservations and I made sure we were all on time. I am that kind of guy. This is how I have amassed my aforementioned fortune. Details. The deets.. . We got to Palazzo a few minutes late, actually, so disregard anything I said about our timeliness. Anyway, they seated us right away. We had a nice round table with a view of a support column. It was one hell of a sexy support column, mind you. All white and supporty-looking. Damn. I bet it works nights on the other side of town if you know what I mean right right right?. . OK this review is getting carried away with itself, I'm sorry about that. Realizing that most of my family were classless heathens from New Hampshire I decided to let the waitress know our food allergies and from there, order anything she thought we might like. This might be the time to let you know that if you do this, they do a very good job of selecting tasty, pain-free food, but it may result in somewhat of a shock to yourwallet. Just an FYI, really. Five people, with limited alcohol being served, and the bill came to about $450 after tip.. . A dent in my bank account, you see, as I am ballin' out of control. I want to say something about making it precipitate that hasn't already been said but I can't think of something witty enough to include here. Please imagine dollar bills falling from cumulus clouds at a rapid pace.. . Everyone was happy with the meal, though on the way in one of our group suggested that we go to Senor Frogs instead, and I almost did a 180 and walked back to my white Audi A5 2.0T with tan leather trim and drove all the way back to LA that instant, leaving my brother behind, even though he wasn't the one who made the comment. Almost. But I didn't, because it was mom's 60th birthday weekend and I wasn't going to let them bring me down, bro.. . PS we ended up going to Senor Frogs for drinks after and it was fun, too. My brother ordered a drink that almost came out in a glass shaped like male genitalia. These are the moments that Instagram was invented for, brother.. . If I were you, I would listen to the following advice from me: go to SUSHISAMBA and remember that money is temporary but food is forever. And then order like a man on the electric chair. YOLO for sure.
I went to Sushi Samba on a whim; so the cheeky advertisment on a taxi in LV and decided eh? what the hey.. . I was very pleasantly suprised. For asian fusion I would say this is one of the best places I've had and I've had alot of Asian fusion. Everything was fresh and delicious and  the interior was very Chic and Modern. Also the place had very lovely plating and made for very good photos .. . Their food was very creative and I will recommend to anyone who is interested in something new and progressive.
We decided on our last night in Vegas to splurge a bit, and we love sushi so this was definitely the place.. . Overall, the food was delicious and because they have a sushi, peruvian, and brazilian theme it was all new and interesting. We had two roles which were excellent, tempura which tasted like standard yummy tempura, and something else that I remember being good as well. Had some cocktails throughout dinner which were all strong and very tasty. We were very pleased with our splurge evening.. . The only reason that I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is that the servings are very small for the price. I'm not a big eater but that night we ended up ordering more food because we simply weren't full with our two roles and tempura. For the price, I think we should have gotten a bit more.
Yummy for my tummy! I don't know why the Palazzo Casino considers this place fine dining when you can't even hear yourself think. Its more of a casual place to me. People are filing in from the casino so yeah... Anyway, they serve Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese styled food. The waiters are all on point, super nice, and they do care about your overall dining experience. This is a cute place to go on a date (If you don't mind not talking due to the noise), or a place to hang with your peeps. Go!
great food & fun atmosphere! I ordered for the table and the waiter suggested to add some dishes and I declined, but he sent some random things out anyhow! They ended up being great, so I didnt send them back, but it was worthy of docking a star for not listening ;)
Pretty pricey but the service was pretty stellar and the food was spectaular! I really loved the fish tacos. They melt in your mouth! . . The cocktail tree is cute and fun for parties. I thought it was perfectly portioned before a night out on the town.
Interesting Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian fusion. The interior was really unique which added to the ambience. . . I've never had a Caipirinha before but I was pleasantly surprised. Sort of like a Brazilian mojito but much stronger here. . . The sea bass skewers were delicious and the corn looked like huge mutant corn and was sweet. . . The pork belly ramen tasted like sweet and sour soup but instead of the sour, it was spicy. The pork belly itself was a little tough. Though, that didn't mean it wasn't good.
Food 4 Stars. Service 4 Stars. Atmosphere 5 Stars. . The food is exceptionally creative and may be a bit challenging for someone who really enjoys traditional Sushi, but they do serve traditional style as well. I like the super heated river stone (Koren BBQ style) cooking stone with Kobe beef, oil, sea salt, and black pepper.  The sake menu is one of the best I've ever seen and the overall atmosphere is trendy and fun. The Foie Gras was AMAZING. . . I ended up having a great time and I'll be back real soon.
The only reason I dont give 5 stars is because the place is quite expensive, somehow worthy, but still expensive...
Everything was extremely good, specially for 1am starving from a day of drinking at the ENCORE pool.  Everything that we picked was great.  I asked the waiter to pick two of his favorites.  He picked a bbq something and some philly thing.  Not very good but we can't complain.  . . I'd go back!
I flipping LOVE SushiSamba. I've been here 3 times and it's just been incredible. This most recent trip, we were a group of 9 girls for a bachelorette party. We had lucked out by getting reservations the day of and they didn't make us wait. I thought they seated us in a weird spot...but no, our reservations were just so early, the place wasn't that full, but the table ended up being fine.. . We decided to do the omakase style for around $50/person. They brought out the cocktail tree with 9 glasses of the Samba Juice which was incredible and such a great way for them to start wooing us, haha. . - First course: fried green beans with truffle aioli (my fave!), grilled jalepenos (big hit!), and edamame.. - Second course: Fish tacquitos (loved the shell, very crispy), a mushroom tacquito & large salad for the vegetarian, and pork pot stickers (good not great). . - Third course: the famed Chilean Sea Bass skewers (melt.in.your.mouth), scallops with like a chimichurri sauce (delicious), and the Peruvian corn (so unique). . - Fourth course: Meat/mushroom coconut milk "curry" (I hate coconut milk, and this was the one dish that we didn't make a considerable dent in...and they don't serve rice with this! Weird).. - Fifth course: Sushi. There were 3 different fish sushi rolls (salmon, tuna, and something else) and then 3 vegetarian (avocado, cucumber, and sweet potato--sweet potato was my fave!). They then brought out the dessert for my friend, which was comp'd which was nice.. . In my opinion, I felt like the chef prepared way too many fish dishes for this particular group because we had a vegetarian, we had someone who was allergic to shellfish, and we had 3 people who didn't like fish...and yet, we got A LOT of fish. I think a lot of people go to SushiSamba and expect sushi...but it's fushion, it's not traditional sushi. I would definitely recommend doing the omakase style to start out--you can do it for $30-$75 per person and it's really fun. I rate it 4 stars because I think they should be more creative for vegetarians--vegetarians eat more than mushrooms :) But the service is GREAT and the food is amazing. Definitely one of my most consistent favorite places in Vegas.
great fusion restaurant with a nice mix of small plates and interesting entrees. my favorite dish is the "moqueca mista" - a rice dish covered in a ton of seafood "curry". the flavor of the sauce is perfect and not overly sweet or coconut-flavored. . . we also tried:. 1. crispy yellowtail taquitos - SO GOOD and perfectly crispy . 2. ceviche +tiradito combo of 4 - nothing special. 3. berkshire pork belly robata - a little too sweet with the butterscotch miso . 4. sea bass robata - also a bit too sweet. 5. salt + pepper squid - YUM, this was fried with a lot of flavor. 6. rock shrimp tempura - a bit too much mayo-sauce for my taste. . overall this was our second visit and if you order just the right things (i would stick with the fried appetizers and moqueca mista) then it's a great meal. it's pricey - but hey, it's vegas so i'm not really factoring that into my review. i would definitely go back again!
My wife and I eat quite a bit of sushi and wanted to try this out to see if they do have a twist to standard sushi.  Fish was fresh and the service was quite good.  We stayed away from the standards and ordered the yellow tale taquitos, pork and pumpkin goyza and sea bass on skewers, all three we excellent.  The Carnival and Brazil rolls were good as well, I ordered the tuna and quinoa roll to see if what it was like - that was the one thing that was sort of meh.  All in all a good spot
This place is awesome and I don't know anyone who doesn't like eating here.. . The service is outstanding, they can accommodate huge parties in the back of the restaurant and the menu itself is top notch.. . The sea bass, sashimi, all their appetizers are phenomenal. Ironically I think the rolls and some of the sushi are the weakest things on their menu but the sashimi we got was super fresh. Also, get the seaweed sampler. I dont know why but I thought it was cool how you can get a plate with all kinds of different seaweed.. . The bartenders at the little bar at the entrance also know whats up and the Dominican dude can pretty much mix up whatever drink you want.. . The only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is b/c their rolls were pretty bland and not super imaginative. . . Sushi samba is a pretty safe bet for dinner, regardless of who is in your party. They'll be satisfied. Unless they suck.
we had 2 things to eat and a glass of sake (it was a shot actually ) and the bill came out to $150. Honestly, the food is good and different but you have to be in the mood to splurge here because the prices are extravagant
Our server was competent but oddly disengaged. The space is cool and theatrical (like all SushiSambas are) and has a fun buzzy vibe.. . The food was worth the somewhat spendy price-tag. This is a special occasion place, and holds up the vibe and quality of the other SushiSamba outlets.. . Recommended for a splurge when your in Vegas (or NYC, Miami, or Chicago -- tho Chicago is still my favorite SS.)
Warning, this review may be biased because I ate here right after a big day with a workout and massage at Canyon Ranch Spa.  . We immediately gota table.  They had a tuna and salmon dish with two selections of each.  All four were delicious.  The fish was fresh and the preparation was different with a flair.  . As Arnold says, I will be back.
The atmosphere is really cool - especially the bathrooms!  Never a dull moment in Vegas. . . BUT ... our server was way rude.  We are in our 20s, we weren't very dressed up, we had just been walking around all day and wanted to end the evening with a big yummy meal.  The server made very clear to us how expensive the meal was going to be.  Yea, dude.  We can read the prices on the menu.  We all have smartphones and knew that this was a "$$$"+ place when we walked in.  It seemed he had made an assumption that we weren't going to spend a lot or tip well, and that was pretty annoying.  . . We didn't let him ruin our meal ...... but he could have done a lot to make it better.  I'd come back and give it a second shot, because the meal was THAT delicious.  Great fusion selections, really unique and fun food.
I went to Vegas this past weekend with my sister and sisnlaw and we were looking for a place to have dinner for our first night there.We were craving something fresh but filling. We walked into Palazzo and look on thedirectory if they had a sushi restaurant. We found Sushi Samba.. . We walked over and our waiting time for a table was about 45 minutes long. We didn't feel like waiting since we were hungry, so we sat at the bar. Our waiter was very nice and outgoing. He made our drinks very good and strong! (you get your money's worth). . The restaurant/bar is very clean,dimmed lighting, DJ played good music.. . We had miso soup to start off with and ordered 5 different rolls. (with a side of rice bowls). . I must say the food was amazing! Very . fresh and delicious..I would definitely come back again.
We got to taste a bunch of little dishes before a large platter of sushi/sashimi came.  Definitely the way to dine!  Ranged from not that great but edible to pretty dang awesome.  The sushi rolls were a bit densely rolled I thought so it was just shy of rice cake consistency but the combinations were fantastic.  So I am a fan.  Yay~
we just had 3 rows for a quick bite so cant really judge this place entirely.  Prices were surprisingly reasonable for a Sushi Restaurant on the Strip and in The Palazzo mall of all places.  Each one was great
This is what a fusion restaurant should be: a brilliant amalgamation of the best flavours of Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian cuisines and cocktails, wrapped up into one delightfully fun venue. I'd go back to Vegas and the Venetian for another bite here, that's for sure!. . I started off with the Chu-Cumber cocktail (from the "Japan cocktails" sec'n), which is made of: shochu (the OTHER Japanese distilled spirit, aside from sake--a pretty good alternative to vodka, if I say so myself), Hendricks Gin, elderflower liqueur, and freshly muddled cucumber. Refreshing, light, just a tad sweet. Very good.. . We then tried a bit of everything... Peruvian corn (love those giant kernels), a few small plates (crispy yellowtail tacquitos--spicy aji panca sauce and lime? yes, please), and a "large plate" a.k.a. entree. So, there's this cool long bar area in the middle of the restaurant, where you can perch yourself and eat/drink more casually... and the guys sitting next to us at the bar were SushiSamba regulars and highly recommended the Chilean Sea Bass for one of our large plate selections. Because I like you all, I'll echo the suggestion. So. good. so. tasty. so. tender.. . I think it's a great restaurant with a vibrant vibe, and a delicious menu to boot. I already recommended it once to someone else who ended up going to Vegas a few weeks after I did, and they loved it, too. Definitely a bit pricey, but what do you expect when you're smack dab in the middle of the shops at The Palazzo? At least the quality matches the price!
1)The Chilean sea bass was quite possibly the best piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of eating.. . 2)The coffee is excellent, and is served in cool glasses.. . 3) The ceviche is okay, but not what I would expect from a high-end fusion restaurant. . 4) The service?  Well, if the service was anywhere close to the quality of the sea bass, I'd easily give it five stars.  Unfortunately, the wait staff seemed overwhelmed by what I would think would be an average number of customers.  If they can get that down (and they should be able to, it *is* Las Vegas, after all), then I can see it being one of the better easy-entryrestaurants on the Strip.
Good sushi, especially the selection of Ceviches! They were incredibly accommodating of my food allergies as well.
My mother and I are came here last Sunday for Happy Hour.  The sushi was absolutely delicious- fresh with decent portion sizes.  We particularly liked that they don't use a lot of rice  in lieu of other ingredients like many sushi restaurants. We tried several dishes from the Happy Hour menu at $6 each:. . Spicy Tuna Roll - good not not too different from other spicy tuna rolls we tried. Shrimp Tempura Roll - good portions of shrimp tempura and not too greasy. Salmon Sushi - great flavor with asparagus.  This was my mother's favorite.. Japanese Style Salt and Pepper Squid - a bit salty but quite tasty.  Small portion.. Yellowtail Seviche- two thinly sliced yellowtail with a tasty spicy sauce.  This was my favorite.. . In addition, we ordered the California roll which was $14.  However,  they used real crab instead of imitation crab.  It was quite tasty with generous amounts of crab used.  . . The service was good.  The restaurant itself is dark with several televisions positioned around- they don't show sports just a program about sushi.  It would be even better if they had a television at the bar for sports.
I was meeting a former coworker for lunch who actually works in the back of house for the Venetian, and she suggested catching up at sushisamba.. . I was a little skeptical about getting sushi in Vegas--after all where in the heck is the closest ocean?!  Nevertheless, our sushi and sashimi tasted very fresh and of good quality. . . We split a combination platter and two rolls. I can't remember exactly which rolls we got, but one roll had pear in it. I would never have imagined utilizing pear in a sushi roll, but it was a perfect compliment to the raw fish.. . That experience pretty much sums up sushisamba: a contemporary take on sushi rolls. Innovated flavor combinations and fresh fish!. . In typical Vegas fashion, the interior is beautifully done and sets it apart from your ordinary sushi joint.. . A tad pricy for sushi, but you get what you pay for, and at sushisamba you get quality and innovation. . . Folks this ain't your run o' the mill sushi joint!
My friend Ems really loves this place so she took me here awhile ago for dinner. . . Decor is pretty nice, a bit on the dark side but is a bit on the noisy side. I found myself nearly yelling a few times just to have a conversation with my friends. . . Food though is excellent. We had the ceviche dish that we got to choose four different types. Excellent. I really recommend getting that. We also got a few sushi rolls, one of which was the foie gras roll. A MUST. So good, a bit pricey but what do you expect with foie gras. Totally worth the money. . . We ended up ordering a dessert but it was nothing to really note. Overall though the food was amazing. Definitely a good spot for Japanese!
Stumbled onto this place by accident.  Man, this place is great!  The food selection is amazing.  Just about something for everyone, the Brazilian corn they they had was great!  It's a Japanese/Brazilian/Peru menu, so it's has something for just about everyone.  The price is kind of pricey, but again...it what you might expect in a restaurant at The Palazzo, but nothing ridiculously crazy or overpriced.  Only downer I say and this is just my opinion would be they music was just a tab bit loud for my taste.  But it seems to be like an After Hours/Drinks establishment, so it works for the vibe its going for!  Give it a try next time your in Vegas,
I had eaten at the SushiSamba in Dallas a while back and really enjoyed the food, so I was looking forward to the Las Vegas location to see if it lived up to my food memories.  We had reservations for 9:00PM after the Las Vegas Marathon so my runner friends could get a nice recovery meal that wasn't too heavy.  And that wasn't too far away from their hotel!. . We were seated right away, and the vibe of this restaurant was really fun and funky- dark and romantic but with lots of good music.  We decided to split a bunch of small plates which ended up being perfect.  We started with the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos which were so delicious, but small enough that they left me wanting more!  The tempura mushrooms were light and flavorful with just the right amount of crispiness.  The chicken skewers were YUM but the highlight of the meal was the seabass skewers.  I had these in Dallas and they were every bit as delicious as I remembered.  Love the peruvian corn too.  Normally each order of skewers comes with 2, which would have led to a caveman-style meat fight between the 3 of us, but our server was kind enough to suggest we add a third skewer to the order so we all got to try.  Great service on her part.. . We also had 2 of their special sushi rolls- The Pacific Roll and the Green Envy.  Both were very good and tasted very unique, as opposed to a lot of "special rolls" you find out there that are just bigger and they charge more for.. . All in all, I was very pleased with this meal and would definitely like to go back in the future... but there's so many places to try in Vegas that its hard to commit!
Great, great ambiance!  the bartenders were super attentive and gave generous drink portions -- yay!!!!
Excellent food, the sushi is well done and interesting. Tried many different items and all of them were excellent. The drinks are awesome with a wide range of selections on the menu. . . Prices are high as expected.
Usually I don't go for Fusion restaurants, but as it was New Year's Eve and Sushi Samba was close to our room (Palazzo) we opted to try it out.  I'm very happy to say we had a great experience from beginning to end!  We made reservations a week in advance knowing Vegas would be filled to the brim for New Year's, and we were glad we did!  It was crowded but we were seated promptly, and since we had a big party we got to sit in the back section and it was very roomy and comfortable.  Our waiter suggested omakase (family style) where you can set any price point everyone was comfortable with.  We set $60 a person (without drinks) and the food just kept on coming!  Most of the dishes were a hit, some was a miss but that's easily forgiven with the sheer amount of food they give you.  The rock shrimp, curry/mushroom/duck dish, sashimi, rolls and sea bass were sooo good!. . At one point there was a lag between the dishes and our waiter was nice enough to bring some dishes out on the house, and also gave us a free dessert!  SO nice!  If you're staying at Palazzo/Venetian and don't want to venture out into the strip for a nice, upscale delicious restaurant, give Sushi Samba a try! :)
This is the kind of place you go to if you want to try a bunch of dishes and eat family style. You pick the amount you want to spend and then tell the waiter what kind of flavors you like. For the most part, we left it up to the waiter to choose our dishes. We started off with sushi before we got to any of the other dishes. The sushi itself was nothing amazing. Honestly, it was kind of disappointing. The other dishes however, were fantastic. If you're in a rush, this is not the place for you. The food comes one by one so and the server/host takes his time explaining each and every ingredient that goes into everything. The ambiance is nice though. Very chill with a good crowd and relaxing music. A great place to stop by for dinner with friends.
I was seated around midnight and ordered a glass of wine and a few items. While waiting for my food I browsed the yelp reviews and noticed they have happy hour, but the server didn't mention that or give me the happy hour menu. I asked for it and noticed they had a wine for $6 (instead of $15) and $6 spicy tuna roll (instead if spicy tuna hand roll for $7.75) and some other interesting items. Not a biggie, but I pointed out to the server's colleague that she should have given me that menu right away. The server apologized and cried a few crocodile years. They adjusted my tab to reflect the happy hour prices and I got the Spicy tuna handroll as a free bonus. . . The quality and taste of the food was excellent, 5 stars, the environment was chic and nice. The menu is definitely fusion so don't expect to see all your favorites.
Vegas is suppose to be expensive... but... if you go with a group of 6+ people, ask for the sampler menu.  You literally tell them the approximate $$ you want to spend per person... any allergies, likes/dislikes etc and they make a 3 course meal for you! Best part, if you don't like it... they take it right off... Make sure no matter what... you get the seabass skewers and gyozas... I still drool when I look at the pictures.
Whenever we are in Vegas and stay at the Palazzo, The Better Half insists on stopping by this joint so she can get her Sushi on.  On this particular visit, I joined her for lunch and we grubbed.. . She ordered 4 orders of Unagi (Eel), $4 ea. I ordered some Edamame, $6 and the Seared Wagyu Beef, $18.. . The Beef was awesome and while it's a small plate, it's very rich and fulfilling.  TBH enjoyed her Unagi....it's her fav.. . We ate lunch at around 3 pm, which is a great time to do that because it's between the busy lunch and dinner hours, so there's not too many people around.  When it gets busy, it can get crowded.. . We'll definitely be back.. . Return Factor - 90%
Excellent food, unusual ordering.  You give the waitress an amount per person to spend, what you like and don't like ingredient wise, and then they proceed to bring the food.  Clever idea, different.  We certainly got our money's worth.  The food and service were very good to excellent.  Coming from SF you always expect the food to be outstanding.... The restaurant was upscale and trendy, but so loud...I guess that is Vegas style.
I started off ordering the Otsumami which is an assortment of tempura style vegetables.  Wow, this was delicious.  The green bean and the Shishito were perfectly fried - enough to keep that "snap" to the vegetables that I enjoy - and the mayonnaise based dips were delicious.  A little heat and enough flavor to add a bit to the vegetables.. . My two sisters and I ordered the Rio Grande 3 Meats.  They were cooked to perfection and even the pork melted in your mouth.  The various dips were great, I liked the vinegar based one, but my sister enjoyed the parsley one (Sorry didn't get the name of it).. . My sister also orderd the grilled fish collar.  That was a meal onto itself!  So well cooked.  My niece had the 3 hand roll combo and she loved it. It was wrapped in soy wrap instead of seaweed, so very healthy.. . Overall a great experience.
Awesome - Definitely worth visiting if you are staying at the Palazzo or Venetian.. . I liked this place a lot and actually ended up eating here twice (lunch & dinner) on my last trip.  For dinner, I was with 5 colleagues and we just had the waiter take care of us. For $60 a pop, he brought lots of little dishes that we could share plus a big boat of sushi & rolls. It was an extremely good deal and I highly recommend letting them order for you. We had an vegan in our party and they also accommodated him while taking care of us omnivores.
I went there in December, 2012 with a friend. Great food and nice service. I will definitely go back!
Great meal.  We tried the tasting menu and the server  brought what the chef chose to send.  A variety of appetizers and entrees that were all fantastic.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
A unique Peruvian/Japanese/Brazilian fusion restaurant with a fun, trendy vibe. The service was really nice and our waitress was patient and accommodating. . . I would most definitely recommend the samba part of Sushisamba. We started off the night tapas style with some yellowtail taquitos, tuna seviche, and sea bass. Each one was amazing, but the taquitos were off the charts amazing. Flavorful and spicy! . . For rolls, we ordered the specials, one with strips of kobe beef on top which was awesome. . . Definitely recommend!
So I admit it's been a while since I've been to Sushi Samba, but when it first opened my husband and I went frequently for both dinner and happy hour. . . I had been to the one in NY and been blown away by how cool it was. Very trendy, very chic, so in! Now that I know about the robata grill I feel we must have missed out on a lot of good options, but each time we went our meal was fabulous. expensive but great. We've tried many of their rolls, of cours ethe different types of ceviche and tiradito, of course! I oculd order ten plates of tiradito. Make that twenty. One year we even celebrated new year's here, and as many other people have noted, people are here to party! They had samba dancers and crazy music and it was wild!. . If you areon a tight (but not too tight) budget, I recommend you check the place out for happy hour. They have a selection of house-made cocktails and spirits plus a light snacking menu.
Delicious, Fun, Cozy Environment and Well Staffed.. This is how you run a business and a great restaurant. All our. plates were yummy particularly the Meat Sampler and Ahi Tuna Skewers.. Try it & you'll be glad you did.
We had the tasting menu and it was SOOOOOO good!  The only thing was it was very time-consuming.  So, tf you have the time, do the tasting menu because it is totally worth it.  We had a lot of stuff, dunno what exactly but it was very good lol.  You will not be disappointed, TRUST!!
SushiSAMBA was fantastic! The amazing Rhannah welcomed us right away and we had a great table with great service. The sushi was very good, but the highlight of the meal was our three meat churrasco.  WOW! The quality, the flavor, everything cooked to absolute perfection. We were full from the two beef entrees but had to eat the pork because it was too delicious to leave behind.  Topped off with a yummy cucumber cocktail suggested by our server and it was just a really wonderful meal!
Sushisamba continues to be my "go to" spot when I am staying in the Palazzo.  Good, fresh food, great drinks and bartenders that are personable and welcoming always make my evenings here a good one.. . On this visit, I ordered the king crab leg.  At $25 it seems like a splurge, but it was huge, meaty and absolutely delicious!. . Tuna sashimi was fresh and tasty and even my grilled asparagus was perfect.. . If you are not staying in the hotel- know that it is on the 2nd level of the casino along with plenty of other shops!. . Always a good choice!
Stopped here for happy hour (4-7pm ish) and enjoyed sipping caipirinhas and eating fresh sushi at the bar. The happy hour is a really good deal for the drink and appetizer specials, so I recommend that. For a sit-down sushi dinner, I'd go for Yellowtail at the Bellagio instead.
The place is a tad busy for my taste but all in all the service was good and the Kobe Beef on Hot Stone was to die for. A definite keeper.
This place is a tasty but pricey sushi spot!  It's always a good idea to make a reservation anytime you go.....the food has always been really fresh and flavorful.. . We ordered . Yellow tail - jalapeno and lemongrass = great!.  Bobo brazil = great!. Yellow tail tacos = great!. . Portions are on the small side, but just enough to fill you up but not overstuff you.. . This is a spot I'll visit again on my next Vegas trip!
Quad sashimi plate with the most juicy Waygu dumplings I have ever injested. You must order the sea bass on skewers with the giant corn! Go now and experience this!
A pretty good sushi spot in Vegas. It is really pricy for the kind of rolls, but you can tell everything is very fresh and has a lot of flavor. We got a Yellow-Tail Roll, A custom Crab and Lobster Roll, the SushiSamba roll, and a spicy tuna roll, also a plate of Chicken Teriyaki. The sushi for the most part was really good! The Chicken Teriyaki was decent, but nothing all that amazing considering it cost $26 for that plate. The servers are very informative on the dishes and are super friendly. They offer good advice and are pretty quick to serve. If you ask for the chef to make a custom roll with Crab and Lobster, the creations are usually really good! Highly suggest doing that! . . TLDR: Good sushi spot, but a bit pricy.
I love this place. The sushi is always fresh and high quality. Everything has a rich flavor. The presentation of the food is beautiful. The non-sushi options aren't as good but are still really tasty and well presented. It's my go to spot for business dinner meetings. . . The place has a really nice ambience to it. Its intimate and the noise level is usually low so having a conversation is easy. The staff is really accommodating and their customer service is top notch. It's pricy but with sushi you get what you pay for. This is a place that I highly recommend.
Awesome good and atmosphere!!! :)
In a city of over the top fabulousness, Sushi Samba is the real deal. From the extensive selection of cold sakes to inventive pairings of fish and sauce, it's a welcome relief from the other mega experiences on the strip. Friendly wait staff and a lively atmosphere add to the enjoyment.
I wanted to give this 4.5 stars, but I'll round down. Came here with my sister for a convention in Vegas, we walked around the Venetian and Pallazzo for a while until we finally decided on SushiSamba.  First of all, the restaurant is beautiful. I really love the wall painings, interior design, and the bathroom design was really cool as well. Service here was excellent, my water was always full, when I got up to use the restroom I placed my napkin on the table, when I came back it was neatly folded back for me. . . We decided to get two appetizers. First the Rock Shrimp Tempura... Really no point in ordering this. Tempura taste the same everywhere, nothing special about theirs. We also tried the taquitos as suggested by the waitress. These were really just mini taco's. Main Lobster and Yellowtail. Both were nice and chilled taco's. Good sauce on the side. Not sure if I'd order them again, but they were decent.. . For dinner my sister ordered their Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass. This was absolutely excellent. The fish was cooked perfectly, it was so soft and delicious. It's served with vegetables and those were pretty good too. Possibly the post Chilean Sea Bass I've ever had. . . For my dinner I decided to order two rolls, the Neo Tokyo and the BoBo Brazil. The Neo Tokyo, which is bigeye tuna and tempura flake was delicious. The little sauce on top was a nice spicy sauce. This roll was very delicious. As for the BoBo Brazil.... Quite gross, too much avocado, wayyy too much in fact, in overpowered the entire roll. Both regular avocado and some mushy avocado. In addition the red onion also gave it some very odd taste. This was one of the worst sushi rolls I have ever eaten.. . For dessert we ordered the Samba split for two. It was really good, and a decent sized portion. Everything on the plate complemented each other and the banana brulee was fantastic.
Perfect for date night! It's such a pretty restaurant, and they plate their dishes just as elegantly. Our server was pretty attentive, although we did have a mixup with our rolls (which the manager did correct). We tried a bunch of different offerings from the menu, but these are the highlights. The green envy roll was my favorite, and we did try the el topo...which I found too rich (mozzarella + salmon was too much...although there was a nice kick from the jalapeno). I really liked what my date was sipping on, the samba juice (can't really go wrong with anything mixed with guava juice)...my cocktail definitely packed a punch (beijo)! Wish I had more room in my stomach to try more on the menu!
Ever since I came here the first time I went to Vegas, I've been DYING to come back.. . The food is so good!  I thought we just got lucky the first time we came, but as it turns out, everything we've tried on the menu thus far is DELICIOUS.. . Ambiance is classy and cool.  It's a nice location within the Palazzo hotel with lots of seats.  Service was also good, as my water glass was always full despite being very busy on a Friday night at midnight.. . We got:. . MOQUECA MISTA - shrimp, squid, sea bass, coconut milk, roasted cashew, dende oil, chimichurri rice - $29 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushisamba-las-vegas?select=T4JWaoBHrbkBP4vR92x4uA#T4JWaoBHrbkBP4vR92x4uA. . This thing is the BEST EVER.  Creamy Thai-style curry taste (hence coconut milk) with the delicate seafood mixed in with bits of crushed cashews, giving the dish great texture.  Rice was served within the sauce mixture as shown; the rice soaked up all the sauce, making every morsel DIVINE.  I thought after a while the dish would get too rich-tasting, but somehow I kept gobbling and gobbling until the plate was empty!. . EL TOPO SUSHI ROLL - salmon, jalapeno, shiso leaf, fresh melted mozzerella, crispy onion - $15 (forgot to take a pic; too excited about the moqueca mista). . Very unique roll with interesting flavors and textures = Delicious!. . CHICKEN TERIYAKI - Samba Style organic chicken, aji amarillo, purple potato mash, crispy onion - $26 (again forgot to take a pic...). . When I saw the huge price tag I thought "WTF?!", especially for a seemingly simple plate as chicken teriyaki (my friend ordered this one so I had no control).  BUTTT I'll have to say that it was probably the best teriyaki chicken I've ever had in my life!  Super juicy fillets of teriyaki chicken, pan fried (I think) to a crisp.  The sauce was perfect; not too saucy, not too dry, and definitely not overpowering to the dish.. . As with all finer dining restaurants, especially on the Las Vegas Strip, I did think the prices were a little inflated.  Hence the lack of that final star.  However, probably one of my favorite places to eat while in Vegas.  I'll definitely hit it up again on future trips.  They have a good happy hour too (both early evening and late night), so I'll have to take advantage of that next time! :)
4.5 stars. . 5 stars for Happy Hour. My last visit in vegas I visited there HH twice, on the same day. A must order on the HH menu would be the waygu potstickers and the cocktails on the HH menu. Definitely a fun and great place to come for a nice meal. They offer a variety of food from sushi to steak. Definitely a fushion of Japanese and Peruvian. Drinks, food and service are great. Prices are little pricey but again your in vegas so go ahead splurge and enjoy the rest of your night. A great place to start off your night or make time to hit their Happy Hour. Definitely a place to hit up especially if your around that side of the strip or staying in the hotel.
I've been to other SS's before and this one is no different. Quality eats, quality drinks, and a high price tag (although considering Strip prices, it was semi-affordable). Sat at the bar and picked up 5 rolls and an order of grilled asparagus. All the rolls (tuna, yellowtail, salmon) were fresh and I give them extra love for serving spicy tuna that wasn't ground up tuna bits mushed together with spicy mayo, but actually a tuna roll with spicy mayo on top. Love that. The servers were on top of everything and were on point with the cocktails. . . Speaking of, we sipped on a Chu-Cumber (shochu, Hendricks Gin, elderflower liqueur, freshly muddled cucumber) and although called a 'wuss' by my lady friend for ordering it, it happened to be a well made cocktail. Her Samba Juice (Cruzan raspberry and Watermelon Rums, acai, passion fruit, creme de banana, guava) was good as well. Both run $12. If you're 'stuck' in the Palazzo, def try and hit up the HH specials which look like a fun time!. . I'll be back asap for more of the menu and to bump this baby up a star.
Went to Sushi Samba for a bachelorette dinner with a large group of 15+. The staffs were super accommodating and professional. They brought out our food quite quickly and they gave us some complimentary cocktails. The cocktails were really good, and they were creepers. The sushi is pretty fresh but tasted just okay. The hot food were pretty good though. The atmosphere were very nice and intimate at the same time. It was definitely a fun restaurant for groups.
My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs). . Go or No?  Go.. . Tease:   SushiSamba is a Japanese Sushi and Peruvian fusion place in the Palazzo.. . Why I went:   My wife and I wanted a late afternoon snack, and sushi sounded good.  We were staying at the Palazzo, so we figured we'd give the place a try.. . When:  11/17/12. . Food:   Between us, we got the shrimp tempura roll (generic, but pretty much as good as you could get), ume shiso roll (very flavorful), urchin, Spanish mackerel, and king crab.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  The overall menu looked super interesting and something worthwhile to check out in full for a dinner or lunch.  We just ordered small things as nibbles.    . . Service:  Very good.  . . Hints/Final thoughts:  SushiSamba has enough interesting items on their menu to make it stand out.  Additionally, they do just enough traditional things to please some more hardcore sushi fans.  This is a fusion, so expect it in almost everything.  But the tastes are interesting and the food is fresh.
Nice Food, love the Vibe.. Excellent service.. Good food, not in Los Angeles standards.. Best option in The Palzzo-Ventian Area.
yamato roll, yes. the ramen though, noooo. overcooked pork belly and egg. blah, disgusting
I'm back! The food was awesome as usual. I went during Happy Hour and planned on ordering a few $6 appetizers and rolls, but was somewhat easily persuaded and got the bar waitress' recommendation of Sushi and Sashimi Platter. It actually turned out pretty good. I also ordered the Salt & Pepper Squid...the dipping sauce, flavored lime, and some sort of crystal salt were all really yummy combined. I got a Spicy Tuna Roll as well, and of course, more Samba Tea! It was a good experience overall. The $6 items have some value to them, even to the casual dining customer. The bartender and waitress were friendly folks as well. I will be back again!
Not a big fan of the name they have for this restaurant, but the rest of the experience was amazing.  The dining room is large and well designed (rumor has it the build-out cost $10M).  We had a large party of 12, which can always be a challenge for a packed restaurant, but not here.  Our waiter was terrific and recommended family style meal and provided two options - w/o Kobe would run around $60pp, and with Kobe would runaround $80-90pp.  We opted to go without (which I suggest based on our experience).  Boom - out comes the food.  The meal was around 3-4 courses and included cooked appetizers, sushi rolls, and beef / pork proteins.  Each course was fresh - hot dishes hot, cold dishes cold and tasted great.  The ribeye was a bit overcooked, but given how many they crank out, it wasn't a huge disappointment.  The experience here was a thousand times better than Mastro's the night before in terms of level of service, food quality, and how fast the dishes came out.  Definitely recommend this place (especially for large parties).. . They did have a nice cocktail and sake menu.  Their mixed drinks were pretty good, but not stellar.  If you order shots here, they offer a very generous pour (which is great).
Yes, it's very pricey for the quantity of food on the plate. However, the quality and taste are both solid.. . A breakdown of what I sampled:. Nashi Martini (4.5 stars): passion fruit and lychee were both strong in the cocktail. Try this cocktail!. Samba Strip (4 stars): nice dipping sauce. Bobo Brazil (4 stars): delicate, small, but tasty. Pork Belly Lettuce Wrap *special of the day* (4 stars): very tasty; nicely cooked
So we were headed to Bouchon, but they closed at 1 for lunch/breakfast. To be honest, we didnt really expect to be on time anyway. It is Vegas after all: people dont necessarily keep regular hours, our circadian rhythms were thrown off to say the least. Anyway, the place was really cool, i loved the ambiance, the art on the walls and the designs. The place was a bit dim, but I wouldn't classify it as romantic or dark. There were families, younger(us) and and middle aged people so its not a party place where you would do saki bombs(there are enough of those in Las Vegas), nor do you have to wear a suit & tie to come in. . The appetizers were delicious! the side sauces accompanying them were equally great. Each roll comes with 6 pieces, which was perfectly sized, the one roll that stuck with me was El topo, that one was really tasty. Friends of mine tried the wild mushroom soup--they were really happy with their choice. The price was very reasonable too. I'd definitely give this place a try if you are in the mood for some Sushi.
Good sushi good service . Just little pricy coz of in hotel. . But it was good experience !
OMG.. My first Review written from my phone! I am so excited! . I will start with our hostess, she greeted us, our party was ready and hungry, so we were seated in a private room hidden in the back if the Resturant.. . I ordered the trio appetizer, miso soup, and blue point oysters for starters.. The trio was good.. The truffle sauce made the dish.. Miso soup had cilantro in it, which have it a almost Thai influence.. The oyster sauce was yum stuff with a kick.. I like a kick!. For sushi I had the sashimi with the usuals.. Was great quality of fish- did not have rolls since they had tacos, I did the lobster and hamachi.. Wouldn't suggest the lobster again but the hamachi was SOOOO yummy!. For dinner we did the Kobe on hot stone experience- while the meat lacked flavor it made up for it in texture- OMG.. . Hamachi Kama was Huge! And Sake was so Super Smooth.. Love me some Daiginjo! . I'm a fan of the food.. Pricing well... It's Vegas- that's all there is to say about that' ..
Second time at Sushi Samba, and it never let's me down. . . The first time I went to Sushi Samba I was a bit worked over from the Vegas weekend so I decided to order the Berkshire Porkbelly Ramen OMG that's all I have to say. So after craving that soup for a year I had to come back. . . When I ordered the Ramen as my main course  everyone at my table was making fun of me, but I had the last laugh when everyone went crazy over my soup! . . The service was slow, but they did wave our corkage fee when we ordered a few bottles of sake.
great food. prices a little high - but very reasonable for las vegas. love the ambiance. will definitely visit again.
All dishes were very tasty and well presented.. A bit overpriced, but considering the stellar service, quality of ingredients and wonderful ambiance, not bad.. Definitely try the wagyu gyozas.
Off the charts. We trusted the waiter on sample dinner and he came through. The service was great and food was amaz.  Atmosphere was loud and alive so if you want a quite dinner than this ain't your spot.  Must get is the Chilean sea bass.
I really want to give this place 3.5 stars - I do like it a lot, but the first time I came here, I was absolutely floored. We did the "tasting" where the waitress asked what we liked, what we didn't, and just brought tasting portions of dishes for each of us to try based on our answers. It was phenomenal. Everything we had...I loved. I dreamed about it! Ok...maybe not dreamed about it, but I promised myself that next time I was in Vegas, I would be back (especially since first food & bar closed in the Palazzo, that was my favorite).. . So, a few months later, I made my way back, this time for my sisters birthday. Since there weren't as many of us, we decided to go for lunch. I got my 3 favorite things from before - the wagyu potstickers (AMAZING - the pumpkin puree is fantastic, I want a jar of it. It's creamy and sweet but not out of place), the mushroom "stew" like appetizer (sorry can't remember the name!) with the "kobe" beef skewers, and the sea bass skewers (definitely a highlight). Aside from that, we got a couple sushi rolls and edamame. The rolls we got were recommended, and I must say, none of them wowed me. They were all just OK. The fish was fresh, but the flavors just didn't mesh as well as anything else (hence the deduction).. . All in all, I do like this place a lot, but I would stick to the robata/brazilian/peruvian side of things, not so much the sushi!
Honestly only came to this place because our other dinner plans fell through and we saw the name on our key card (great advertising). We went with the option of having the waitress/chef plan our dinner and it was perfect. We got a sampling of all three inspirations (Japanese, Brazilian, Peruvian) based on our preferences. Everything was delicious and perfect for our varying palates. The only reason for one less star is because the waitress claimed to budget us for "$35-$40" and then said we were under budget... When the bill came we were definitely over, before drinks.
Very nice sushi and service.
Unbelievable food. Just tell them your price range per person, any allergies or foods to generally avoid, and they'll custom tailor an entire menu for you. It's pretty pricey, but some of the best food I've had in my many trips to LV. If your budget allows for it, definitely get the Kobe beef with the hot rock to cook it on. It's like a religious experience.
Good for a late night snack. They have a late night happy hour except on Saturdays.
Great dinner, wonderful company :) Will definitely come back on my next visit. The food is complex and intriguing, my compliments to the chef!
One of the best restaurants to dine at while in Las Vegas!. . This place is extremely popular so it isimportant to make a reservation a few days in advance especially if it is for the weekend. . As my co-workers and I were checking in for our table, we heard the hostess telling the walk-in customers it would be at least an hour wait.. . Everything on the menu is delicious. period. One of my co-workers who usually gets full after two bites of food was actually still hungry after sharing three specialty rolls and appetizers, and we ended up ordering another roll. . . The service is decent, the atmosphere is upbeat and the food is great - what more can you ask for?
My friend K suggested SUSHISAMBA for dinner... I was trying to look at the menu online and what I could find did not represent the full menu. If you are using an iOS device (iPad/iPhone), you can't see the menu. I was almost dissuaded, but was so glad she talked me into coming here for a drink and checking out the menu!. . So, needless to say, great menu, so we put our name in and settled into the bar. The hostesses take your phone number and text you when your table is ready, which is a great option so you're not tied to staying right by the entry waiting for a table.. . The bartender was super sweet and made us great cocktails. I enjoyed the Lychee Bubbletail, which was delectable. K had a drink with berries and elderflower liqueur, which was also fab.. . K had insisted that the sea bass skewers were amaze balls, so we went with that. We started with two orders (2 skewers each) and sides of the coconut rice and black beans. The beans were tasty, but hard to eat with chopsticks. Coconut rice was fantastic and I could have eaten a whole bowl by myself (but I'm glad I didn't).. . Karen's suggestion on the skewers totally delivered. We even ended up getting a third order because they were sooooo good! Melty and flavorful. We even convinced the guys next to us to get an order and they liked it, too!. . We finished with a desert that was a chocolate upside-down cake with bananas. It was small, but perfect. Super flavorful, great texture and perfect to share with a friend.. . Service was good, but not a standout. . . I could basically eat those sea bass skewers every day. . . It's a little spendy, but let's face it, everything on the strip is. I'd definitely come back.
The pork belley BBQ was amazing.
What a fun and creative way to do sushi! You can go as traditionally Japanese or Latin as you want with the assortment of sushi and churrascaria--but the best way to do it is with the fusion-ydishes that combine the best of both worlds. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls, but my fave is the yellowtail ceviche with a fresh flavor profile you won't find anywhere else.
Sea bass skewers here are delicious! Definitely recommend.. . The peruvian corn was interesting but not very flavorful. My friend loved it though. We ordered a lot of rolls but I don't remember any of the names. They were pretty good but probably not the best I've had.. . The tempura string beans here are where it's at though. They're served with this garlic aioli sauce on the side and the combo is SO GOOD. I could munch on these things all day long. . . It's a very trendy place but don't expect to have any intimate conversations. The music is constantly blasting in the background.
The sea bass is ridiculous. Eat it. You will want more. The service was excellent, as was most of the food. The fusion of Japanese and Brazilian cuisines is a great match. The only thing keeping this place from a five star from me is the price,  which is a little high. Still, I would recommend this place if you find yourself on the strip and looking for an outstanding meal.
Amazing Asian Fusion in Vegas - yes please!  The sea bass appetizer was hands down the best piece of fish I've ever had. Make sure to get a dish with some Peruvian corn and some sake to top it off.  I'll be back here again next time I'm in Vegas!
