I wanted to give 3.5 stars but i will spare 4. Looks better at night than in the day. But the day we went was a cold simi-windy day so maybe it affected the performance. Maybe I was grumpy or it wasnt playing my favorite song...but i just wasnt amazed like i wanted to be.. . Im just not surewhat to write. its a nice show...the water shoots high. its free and its romantic or cool (whatever you want it to be) . . I thought colorful lights would accompany the music and water. I dunno...its one of those shows you have to see because you are in Vegas and its not the same if you go home without a peek..but if you miss it on your bucket list you didnt miss much.. . Was there 12/26/2010
Waste of Water? HELL YEAH.. Pretty Waste of Water? HELL YEAH!. Free Pretty Waste of Water? HELL YEAH!!!. Free Pretty Waste of Water with Music? YAYYYY!!! lol
Typical tourist attraction......but definitely a must see!  It never gets old for me and I've literally seen it a dozen times! . :)
Leute... das ist nen Springbrunnen!? Sicher... nen bichen auergewohnlich ist er schon aber das man da so abgehen kann?! Vielleicht haut es mich jetzt nicht so vom Hocker, da wir (trotz Wustengegend) schlechtes und kaltes Wetter hatten?!. . .  Fur alle anderen: wenn man am Stripe ist, kann man sich auch die Show anschauen. Aber erwartet nichts, was euch ein Leben lang begleiten wird. Es ist halt doch nur ein paar Wasserfontanen. Schicke... aber halt nur Wasser.
The water ballet is beautifully choreographed to beautifully chosen music.. . It's the first of its kind, at least in SoCal, and it's FREE!
Great free attraction on the Strip. It is an artful water show set to music. The one with Andrea Bocelli, "Con Te Partiro" being my favorite. Crowds tend to gather all around the side of the Bellagio and on Las Vegas Boulevard to see the display. You might want to try to find a different viewpoint to see this show without the crowds.. . This is probably the classiest thing you will find on Las Vegas Boulevard, which is full of nightclub, strip club and phone sex line solicitors. Take a moment from this to enjoy this show.
I never get tired of watching the fountains here. They tend to change up the music which is nice too.
Great water show better at night!!!!
Did you know that it is estimated that the fountains cost $40 million to build and install? Yet, you get to watch the show for free? How awesome is that after you've lost all your money in the Bellagio casino?. . The Fountains of Bellagio is a choreographed water feature in the lake in front of the Bellagio hotel. It offers shows every 30 minutes starting in the afternoon and every 15 minutes from 8:00 pm to midnight. They offer shows set to an array of songs from the classics of Frank Sinatra to modern songs by Madonna and Celine Dion. . . It certainly is a crowd-pleaser and you know when a show is about to happen when the crowds start forming along the Strip in front of the lake. The shows tend to be nicer at night in my opinion when the lighting effects are more prevalent and certainly add a cool feature in my book. . . Did I mention its free and pretty quite cool!?
If it wasn't for this famous fountain show of Bellagio, I probably wouldn't rate their hotel so high. It is because of this water fountain why I tend to come here every year to this hotel/casino. If it wasn't for this water fountain, I probably wouldn't visit Bellagio every time.. . As for the show, it's about 3 minutes long of great entertainment. Yes, it's only water shooting up in the air, but boy is it beautiful to come see. I prefer viewers who come see this to come at night, but don't worry it's just as good as it is during the day, just with more lights. I shot a video on this show on youtube and my review followers are more than welcome to come see it, but need I remind you that it's not as good as it would be than to come here and see the real thing. I love this water fountain show and I come here almost every time I'm in Vegas just to see this show. Check out my youtube video on this waters show. I recommend all tourists or people that are in the strip are of Las Vegas to check this show out it's free, fun and entertaining. It doesn't get any better than that.. . Here's a little preview of the show, remember everything is better watching it live so be sure to check it out. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDAHjNJlol8
The Fountains of the Bellagio are so fanciful and splendid and you can always rely on them to burst out to music every half hour--just like Old Faithful, yeah?. . I love music and the dancing waters makes it visually entertaining and slightly romantic. If I had a significant other I would definitely want to go here at night and then go on to enjoy the sins of Sin City.
"It's a feeling like this . It's centrifugal motion . It's perpetual bliss . It's that pivotal moment" -from Faith Hill's song "This Kiss". . "This Kiss" was playing when I recently passed by the Fountains of Bellagio and the above lyrics from the song seemed perfect for the Fountains. "It's perpetual bliss" to see the beautiful fountains and "it's that pivotal moment" when the water swings and dances to the different songs that make everyone ooh and aww. . . Lights, camera, action- these fountains are true stars. Always mesmirizing and never tiring to watch.. The Fountains of Bellagio is a must see for all folks who go to Vegas. One of the best shows you catch in Vegas and it's free!
One of the best free attractions on the Strip. Easy to catch, with "showtime"  every fifteen minutes (less frequent during the day), and especially beautiful once the sun sets.. . I just have to give it one star off, thanks to my Pacific Northwesterner guilt for encouraging a quadro-hourly mega-fountain show in the middle of the desert. I can't help it.
Tres beau spectacle lumineux et sonore. . . Voir cette danse de jet d'eau au rythme de la musique est tres agreable.
this is a very pretty show! theres music that plays along with the fountains. its definately a must while in vegas! after dark is the best time to watch the fountains :) ENJOY!
Set scene:. . You, your loved one, and  the fountains of Bellagio. Plus having had a couple drinks so you can easily sway along to the music without feeling like complete fools in front of Las Vegas tourists. . . I've never appreciated the Bellagio Fountains fully until I took them in with a person I really, really care for. The water, the lights, the music, it just makes for something surreal you aren't going to see anywhere else.. . Oh and it's free.
probably one of the best free shows in vegas.. and the bellagio is a must visit for any tourist.  they always mix up the music so the shows never get old.. i've never seen the same one twice.. they have a nice mix of contemporary and classic music... the crowds are always there to catch the next show.. but with a show every 15 minutes there's always a spot that will open up for you to perch..
Great way to kick off the night! Checking out the Bellagio Fountains for a Bachelorette party prior to heading to Caesar's for bottle service at Pure. It definitely put us all in party mood. . . Each show is different and are on at night every 15-20 minutes. Definitely a must see when you go to Vegas!
Stupid?..................kinda.. Cheesey?.............yup.. Touristy?................well.. Worth it?................probably.
Always a great show!
Love this Vegas tourist trap. This is a must see if you are visiting Vegas for the first time or the one hundredth time. I love watching my kids or total strangers get mesmerized by the giant fountains.. . Don't forget the camera to take some great action shots. The best time to visit is at night when the lights and water are at their best. Enjoy the free show.
This is the classic "you have to see it at least once" in Vegas. If you are visiting Vegas for the first time, you will enjoy. Completely free - you can see if from the sidewalk. The fountain is best viewed at night with the complimentary lights. The show lasts a few minutes and runs every 15 minutes or so.. . Located outside the Bellagio on the strip. Enjoy...
See the fountains from the Fontana Bar. My wife and I spent two nights in Las Vegas in April. We managed to do quite a bit during that time. On our last night we rounded the evening out PERFECTLY by having drinks on the outside patio at the Fontana Bar, while watching the Bellagio Fountains. This one experience, in and of itself, made the vacation special. The view is spectacular, and having drinks while listening to Frank Sinatra and watching the water is pretty hard to beat.This is wonderful way to impress your date. . . Surprise him/her with drinks at the Fontana Bar outside patio at night, watching the Bellagio fountains...they will love it. . . Visited April 2011
A wonderful view during the night time, and it's free!. Walking to this display, you get to experience the boulevard as well - real fun going into other casinos and observing.. The schedule is about 15-20 minutes per display, so be ready for the crowds. The street level is one of the best spots, if you get a spot near the waters. I recommend the Bellagio stairs for the view, bit of a distance on the side but a good view. Love the extra boom from the splash of the waters falling back onto the pond at the end, pretty neat.. This is definitely one of the free attractions to visit in Vegas, real beautiful sight along with the Vegas night lights. Bring a camera for some memories!
Very cool show and being as it's free, it is one of the best things going on and that includes all the prostitute peddlers handing cards out like baseball cards.
Very cool! You definitely have to stop by to check this out.. . I am rating this on 2 scales. One is how unique it is and two on the entertainment value.. . Out of any water-only inspired show i must say this is the best. However i only found it entertaining for a bit. I do get detracted easily. If i remember the show was like 10 minutes. Minute 1-4 awesome. Minute 9-10 awesome. Everything in between lost my interest.
I love to watch the shows at least once each time I make my way to Vegas. . . It's pretty amazing for a water show. Who knew flying water could keep my attention for 3 minutes!
My husband and I enjoy the water show at the Bellagio.  We go to Las Vegas every year to visit family and this is one of our annual must-sees.  It's entertaining and is fun to watch.  We had our five month old with us this year and if she could, I am pretty sure that would give the show two thumbs up.  She was in awe of the water, the music, and the sound of the water shooting up and down.  Definitely recommend as a little romance for couples and as easy accessible entertainment for those with children.
This is one thing that is definitely worth seeing when you are in Vegas, especially since it is FREE!  :)  My hubby and I always have to come see the Fountains of the Bellagio whenever we are in Vegas.  It's really beautiful to watch the waters dance to the different songs.  Is is breath taking to watch and leaves you mesmerized.  . . Shows are every 15 minutes and I believe end at midnight. During the holidays, they have different music they play, which is really great. :)  . . Now, if The Bellagio can only take their dancing waters show up a notch or two by taking pointers from Disney's "World of Color" show then this would be even more amazing to see!!!!
It's free. It can be busy. It's something you have to see if it's your first time to Vegas...after that it can get a little old. . . Not only do you get to see the fountains but you get to endure the crowds of people on the evening who want to get a piece too!. . A good tip is to try to see the fountains looks out from the Bellagio - the crowds aren't as bad :)
Not that it bears repeating, but the Fountains of Bellagio are great! It is free and plays either every 30 min or every 15 min (depending on what hour it is). I've been to Vegas many times but this is the first time I've actually taken the time to wait for it and watch the whole thing. . . What I really loved was that because it was winter they played a Christmas song to match. Also a neat thing is that you can watch it more than once because they have a rotation of a few different songs so it has replay value! . . Only thing I would suggest is that they could add colors. That would really make it take off and get the 5 stars IMO.
I'm still amazed and impressed with how the water show is choreographed to music each of the handful of times I've seen it.
Amazing show! We were seated at Olives for lunch and had the best view... Itis entertaining and gives you sorta the wow factor...
Spectacular!!! It was well worth the 25 minute wait in the freezing cold to see the show. The fountain  is beautiful and I loved how the water shooting out of the jets almost sounds like fireworks. It's a must see when in Vegas. If you're there at Christmas time don't forget to stop into the Bellagio to see the beautiful Christmas displays. And even if you're not there during the Holidays the Hotel is a must see just for it's regular art displayed art work.
Always wonderful to see. Amazing how they choreograph the water to match the music. Simply beautiful.
***This iconic fountain show is a must stop if you've never been to Vegas, but it is better in passing than watching a full show, which can get a little repetitive; still, when the water is shot to its highest point, it is fairly impressive***
I go here every time I am at the Bellagio. Time to Say Goodbye is one of the best songs they use. If you have never been here and you are a local, thats just sad. Love it!
I proposed to my soon to be wife here. Its a nice place to stop on the strip and watch the show. It never seems to get old as they rotate through several shows... even though they look pretty much all the same. We really like the Bellagio hotel and the fountains are just a nice way to say hello Vegas.
Broke? Trying to save a few greens out of your wallet or pocket? Trying to find things in Vegas that makes Vegas, Vegas? Would you like to be amazed?. . Well, the fountains of bellagio will do all that and more. What's the more? Well, probably get you a bit wet. Makes your lips form the shape of an "O" and the words ohhh or ahhh would most like be coming out. This is the place where as of most recent golf pros have been filming their advertisements. . . The fountain is huge! Plenty of watching space that's if you keep walking to find a space without people. They play different songs and type, from classical to celine dion, to country, etc. What comes to mind when you hear of a fountain show? Whatever it is, your probably right! Water being shot in the sky. It's following the beat of each song doing different rhythm to make each show different for the rest. it'll make you entertained for awhile. . . The best part of this show? It's FREE! Need I say more? It's age appropriate for any age levels. Whether your single, dating, married, drunk... It's entertaining for a good ten minutes or so. How can you possible say no. i would recommend it!
It's pretty cool and free.  Definitely a must do if you're in Vegas.
I am currently watching the fountain show through my hotel room at the vdara. Seen it many times throughout the years. I only wish they would broadcast the music through the radio so we can listen in to the music while we are in our room.
Really cool free attraction, as others have said. Caught a show by accident after walking up and down the Strip a few times- was upstairs on the walkway so only got the side view, but was impressed nonetheless. Worth seeing if you're in the area, and if you actually think ahead and get in place in front of it, I'm sure it's even better.. . If you're hungry afterward, there's a little gelato and sandwiches place just inside the right hand side ground-level entrance- the proscuitto panini is fabulous and fresh-bakedwith minimal wait. Would have loved to watch the show as I ate it, but picked it up afterward when I headed downstairs.
It's the most amazing trick somebody can do with watter
Saw this during the day.. . I didn't get to see this at night though. . . Sad. . . It is beautiful, nonetheless and it is where Ocean's Eleven crew adjourned after their heist. I will always remember that piece of information because I got my daughter's name from the movie.
Beautiful light display at night that creates a welcome breeze in the summer :)
No matter the view it is splendid.. . The view from the strip at night is stunning, the view from the "yellowtail" a great dinning spot was awesome, and almost personal.. . Lovely.
It's very hard to miss this huge water fountain display outside the Bellagio Hotel, but it's truly stunning when view during the day or night. The fountain of water shoots very high to very low and they look like they're dancing to music. Some of the music played during the water displays were romantic such as Time to Say Goodbye from Andrea Bocelli. There are other songs which makes you want to gamble - which I don't - and spend more such as Big Spender from Cy Coleman and Dorothy Fields. The music played was also very loud! I could hear it very clear when I was on the top of the replica Eiffel Tower.
We had read that the best view is from the Eiffel Tower, so that's where we went. Pretty crowded, but the view was great, and it was neat to see the rest of the strip from up there as well. Longish line for the tower, so plan accordingly.
The Bellagio fountain is one of the best free shows in Vegas. My favorite place to watch the show is atop the the Eiffel Tower observatory during the day. At night you can see the gorgeous show from the patio of Chateau Nightclub :). . All the songs are classics or favorites and you will never be disappointed with this Must See Attraction!
Very striking and beautifully designed. You must see the water fountains/show!. . Apparently at the top of the Eiffel Tower Paris, you can see a fantastic view of the fountains. First time in Vegas, but we didn't know that and wish we would have. . . Tip: Also, if you are in adjacent hotel/casinos, ask for a room overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  (We were stuck at the Flamingo and ended up with a room overlooking the interior area and construction site).
A must on any Vegas trip, a nighttime viewing of the spectacular fountains.. . A great FREE attraction right in the heart of the strip.. . A must see in Las Vegas!
I didn't think that this was going to be all of that special and I can say that I pretty much went to appease my wife. Sure, I was a little curious, but it was 99% to not start a fight. Well, I was pleasantly surprised! This is actually pretty awesome. It's free and after 8pm it's every 15 minutes so the wait didn't bother me in the least. If you're on the strip after nightfall you should definitely check it out.
This is so much more impressive and entertaining than I ever anticipated. This is a must see when in Vegas. I am planning a trip soon to Sin City and hope to see more the fountains as many times as I can. The last trip we really weren't expecting it to be so fantastic so we grabbed a watch at the end of our trip on the way out. I'd honestly rather hang out here than a casino!
A free, but short, show for those walking along the Strip or viewing from their rooms. That's great! Whenever I get to see the show, it's a blast. Definitely something that you need to see while in Vegas, because...well, really, why wouldn't you? . . Two negatives, though:. . 1) I've been to the bigger, better Dubai show and am always comparing the two...and Bellagio loses every time, and . . 2) It's rare, but you'll occasionally get a really, really bad song to shoot fountains to. Case in point: "All that Jazz". Great song to listen to, terrible song for the fountains. It's so mellow that the fountains never hit their full stride, and barely got 75% of the height I know they are capable of. Not impressive, especially on a Saturday night (which it was). My buddy has a somewhat negative view of the fountains in that this was the only time he got to see them after hearing hype over the years. . . . However, when push comes to shove, I'll always recommend a stop at the fountains.
This show is alright, something every vegas-goer must see apparently. The show is really short but pretty good and never too crowded. Easy to get good view and easy to take good pictures. Since its free and at a relatively populated location, its a must see!
I love this place.  The accompanying classical pieces go great with the water show, I'm waiting for them to bust out Tchaikovsky's Overture of 1812.  My wife and I have been to this place twice in as same amount of trips and we never tire of it.
Like most things in Vegas, the Fountain is much better at night.
As far as free things to do, this is a must stop for all tourist's checking out the strip.. . When I am playing tour guide for all my friends in town, this is a must see attraction. The music has been different almost every time I have come here. I've heard show tunes, Feelgood rock and I think the last time we went-Michael Jackson! . . There's tons of space, as long as you get there right before it starts and secure a spot and bear the crowd that rushes the wall facing it. It's really fun to get a group of friends in one of the little alcoves, whether its day or night!  Provides a great photo op if you have the right settings on your camera, and I have taken more than 1 shot of lovebirds kissing while the water streams were at their peak-reaching a couple hundred feet in the air. . . Need a cool me down? During the summer when it's blazing on the strip catch a mid day show, and take note of the wind direction-if the wind is blowing east, whenever the jet streams hit their peak, a light, cool sprinkling rain shower can be had for a split second that is nice and refreshing compared to the heat! This also works against you if you watch it when it's cold, and can actually make you feel colder! lol . . I'm sure someone has posted this-but I'm going too anyway just to keep the trend!. . Shows times are as follows:. . Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. *On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.. . It's free, it's fun, go check it out and get a tourist to take a group show of the friends and the price can't be beat! . . . Cheers!. . ~MikeB
great  free show when your walking up and down the strip. good for people of all ages. a must watch when you are in vegas
This is another reason that I come to the strip. As a local, I usually steer clear of the strip at all costs, but when my husband and I are feeling like walking under some neon lights THIS is usually my first stop. . . It's gorgeous, open, and the shows are always timed to perfection. Wanna see something even more spectacular? Stop INSIDE the Bellagio and check out their garden area. Bellagio always knows how to "wow"!
After seeing it 20 times, it losses its Umph! But still cool to stop and watch. Short but entertaining.
Always impressed regardless by the amount of times I've seen it. . . Who doesn't love a little Frank Sinatra playing with a bonus of a synchronized water? The amount of room to watch the show is also pretty generous and it is often enough that you can come back or even wait around to catch the next round. It's also free to watch and finding anything for free these days can be a challenge.. . The only reason for the 4 instead of 5 is due to the fact that I had the opportunity to watch "World of Color" at Disneyland and that is THE MOST AMAZING water show in the world (of the 4 or 5 that I've seen anyway!).
I never grow tired of the dancing water @ the Bellagio!  One of the great things about Vegas is you can enjoy a free show like this!  . . This makes up the portion of the free "water" show in Vegas!  Head to the Mirage to see the "fire"!
More dramatic at night and on sweltering hot days, the mist is probably the most enjoyable part. We never get tired of it, although my kids would like the fountains to dance to more current songs. lol
I can see the fountains working out as more of a couple attraction. If you're in Vegas with a group and here more for the general debauchery, they are worth a look but you wont really be able to appreciate it. I'll let you guess which category I fell into on this trip.. . The playlist is available online from sources, most of the songs are older classical ballads with a few newer slow pop songs (think Celine Dions rockin Titanic anthem), and lets be honest after a long morning, evening, and night of drinking hearing "My Heart Will Go On" is probably going to be lights out.. . They truly are spectacular and are a great way to end an evening (they stop around midnight).
Quintessential Vegas. It's cheesy, but you'll be glad you saw it; everyone will ask you if you've seen it the whole time you're in Vegas so you might as well. I recommend seeing this and the Mirage Volcano in the same go, they're not TOO terribly far from each other.
Fountains of Bellagio is a great freebie!  You can't complain about free, but I owe it to the readers of Yelp to try!. . We try to see the show almost every time we're close by.  Since Bellagio is right in the middle of the strip, it's hard not to see it every time we're in vegas.  The first time we waited to watch it though, we waited nearly 40 minutes for the show to start, coming early to get good spots to watch from, but the show wouldn't start!  . . Later 20 minutes after it was scheduled to start there was an attendant who came down and told us there was no show.  C'mon Bellagio!  We only have limited time in Vegas!  Let us know early if there is not going to be a show.  Hang a sign or something!  That experience left a bad taste in our mouths.... . Anyways, it's what you'd expect.  A nice free water/fountain show.  The biggest you'll see if you've never seen World of Color from Disneyland.  Great but unfortunately not 5 stars worthy.
The water fountain show is really pretty and sort of mesmerizing and quite relaxing for some reason.  It gets really crowded with people standing around but you can watch from many different places.
This is the best free attraction they have in Las Vegas!
Great place to take your guest!
Spectacular both day and night. . . The Bellagio fountains go off every 30 minutes so you are bound to see them if you want to or not. It's really beautiful at night with the lights and the music in the background. It's also super romantic to go at night and watch it with your boyfriend or girlfriend =D
Thumbs up to the fountains at the Bellagio! Standing there and looking at the show; I couldn't help but be reminded of the ending scene from Ocean's Thirteen - really cool! . . I didn't get to see it during the day. I only went at night and I was not disappointed at all. The show kicks off every half hour so stick around if you miss the last one and make sure you secure your spot as it gets crowded. . . The fountains are beautiful and provide a nice spot for couples or if you're out on a date to just find a nice spot, snuggle up to each other and indulge in a romantic moment.
Who hasn't seen the fountains of Bellagio? Everybody has of course, it's beautiful, it's intriguing and it's free! . . My way of seeing this amazing fountain views is to have dinner at Circo restaurant in Bellagio, it's located right next to the fountains, the window table gives us prefect views of the show throughout our dinner, private, relaxing and comfy! Or get table service at Hyde lounge next door, or dinner at Jasmine. These three places have perfect views ofthe fountains, just reserve the tables next to the windows, you are all set! You can relax, have a few cocktails, and enjoy the beautiful fountains of Bellagio! . . Ps. I can't stand outside to watch this show, either too hot or too cold, plus my feet hurt from my sky high heels standing there. ;p
I have been to Las Vegas on numerous occasions and the Fountains of Bellagio are always a must see. The change it up with different music and water choreography. Great show I highly recommend seeing it especially at night.
First time in Vegas and I did catch the found show first as a part of my dinner and also on another night before we went out to the club.  I thought it was kind of cool and something I definitely don't get in DC but it was a welcome change.  Lasted about 15 minutes and I caught it on camera and I wouldn't mind seeing it again.  It was fun!
This is a MUST stop for when you are in Vegas and walking the strip! They have various shows throughout the day. It's free so there really is no reason not to stop and take it all in. . . Yes, it is featured in various movies and yes, it's as cool as you see on the screen. A true water show paired with a great soundtrack, you are bound to smile and "oooo" and "ahhhh" a few times throughout. It's really grand while you are taking it all in.. . Do yourself a favor and def see it at night at least once when it's all lit up, it's a completely different experience than it is in the daytime. ENJOY!
Watching this show never gets old. Being a local I don't go the Strip unless I have company in town or are going to a nice dinner or show but when I do get down there the fountains always amaze me. . There is just something magical and elegant about this display that really transports you to another place. . The only reason I give it 4 stars though is because I wish the city could do something about the street performers that congregate in front of the Bellagio and really cheapen up this beautiful area.
Very cool show, not particularly long, but entertaining.  A song is played, the fountains seem to dance to the music.  Worth stopping to see, worth watching from the Eiffel Tower, and worth watching also from one's hotel room (if they have a fountain view).
