The club is a good size, incredible sound in the main room and I agree with other reviews that the staff from bartenders to bouncers were very friendly with no attitude. Waiting in the general admin line kind of sucked because they did not letting anyone in from that line till at least 10:30pm. Oh and yeah the $75 cover is steep but you can win that back on the tables after the club if you are inclined. Overall great experience for preview weekend (bingo players). Be prepared to shell out some major coin once you get in if you don't partake in what those crazy kids are doing these days. Water $9, redbull $9 , Bicardi coke $14. in the end it was worth it and as long as I don't ship my $ at the tables I'd go again.
My friends and I were ecstatic that Hakkasan's grand opening weekend landed on the same date as our trip! Hakkasan announced their resident DJs lineup which includes: Tiesto, Deadmau5, Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Hardwell, and of course my favorite Laidback Luke, to name a few.... . Tables/bottle service for Hakkasan is INSANE! We were quoted 6g's in their hip hop room and 8 - 10g's in their main room. NO THANKS!... With that ridiculous price range, we initially noticed that about 90% of the tables/bottle service booths were EMPTY! . . Anyway, GA admission for guys was about $60 and I believe it was $30 for girls! We arrived to the club early since it was their grand opening weekend and didn't wanna deal with long lines! This night club is HUGE! I thought it was only 3 floors, but we were told by one of their bouncers that it was actually 5 floors! They have elevators that are pretty organized that will take you to each floor if you wanna avoid the endless stairs *AHEM MARQUEE*. . The club itself is pretty nice! Their dance floor for each rooms were a bit small compared to XS/Marquee, since they filled each room with so many bottle service tables/booths (THAT WERE SADLY EMPTY, LOL). But it was still easy to navigate your way in and out of the dance floor!. . With that said, I'll give kudos to Hakkasan for their lightings, visuals, sound system, and stage setups! They have an amazing lineup of big name DJ's that will for sure attract the crowd! I wouldn't say this club tops XS (which is still my favorite club on the strip), but this is definitely better than Marquee since they actually have elevators!!! I get the image Hakkasan is trying to go for, but they are insane to be charging people 6 - 10 grand for a table, specially with all the other clubs on the strip like XS! . . Oh and a small bottle of fiji water is $9. And don't even ask for tap water, they don't F@%K with tap, lol WOWZA!. . 4/5 stars since everyone in our group had fun. Thank you Hardwell!
All I gotta say is that this is my NEW FAVE nightclub in Vegas!!. . Went on the Saturday of opening weekend and the lines weren't too bad since me and my group of girls were directed to get there early (early as in like 10/1030) by our promoter/host Kevin. . . There are 4 levels in the club, but you don't count the 1st floor.. The second floor is the hip/hop room with a dancefloor in the middle, tables for bottle service on each side, along with a full bar on each end of the room. QuestLove DJ'd that night and it was pretty siiiiiiick.. The third floor is the main floor... meaning whoever is headlining that night (which ours was Bingo Players) that's where they do their set and get that 'unz unz unz' music! . The fourth floor is where they have a lil lounge area with more chill music and more seating for ONLY bottle service, and more tables surrounding the balcony-like area overlooking the 3rd floor.. . I had so much fun here, and I would totally recommend everyone to come check it out.. . I gave this place a 4 star though because there is NO outside area... and little to NO places to sit.
Went here with some friends to see Calvin Harris.  I'm not really into clubs so I had no clue what Hakkasan was or who Calvin Harris was.  No table or bottle service.. . My buddy bought presale tickets so were in line for less than 20 minutes.  I agree with the other reviewers when the say that if you don't have you stuff together ahead of time, expect a long wait.  It's unreasonable to roll up to general admission at one of the newest clubs in Vegas and not expect to wait a long time.. . The club itself was dark, cavernous, and full of stairwells.  I got lost a couple of times, but overall the club was pretty pleasing to the eye.  If you're not good with stairs, I don't recommend this place for you.. . Calvin Harris started at 1AM till I have no idea when.  I left at 2:30 so I'm going to assume that he did his thing till 4.  The DJ booth is elevated over the main stage with a balcony type thing above it.  DUring parts of his set, dancers would come out and do some crazy cirque du soleil shit.  Overall I was pretty entertained for 4 hours.  I still have a ringing in right ear though.. . The crowd is fairly diverse, but probably leans to the more affluent, douchier demographic.  When Calvin Harris was on the turn tables, everyone was into the music and the energy was high, so that was a pus.. . Read this review with some bias since I have very little to compare it to.  If you're a club aficionado, I apologize for not being a 23 year old chicken head.
Well, it's definitely better than what it replaced.. Studio 54. That place was the opposite of upscale.. . Calvin Harris DJ'd Saturday. He did fine. I was kind of disappointed to miss Steve Aoki on Thursday and Deadma5 on Friday. You would think Saturday would be the prime time night. Oh well, I hear Tiesto is going to be their resident DJ. Great sound system and light show... actually probably the best light show I've seen in any Vegas nightclub (yes, including XS, Marquee, Tao, Tryst, Lavo, Surrender & Pure).. . I don't know about the wait normally but at 10:30 p.m. (when we arrived), we were ushered right in (no wait at-all). However, it's probably notable that we had two booths, 6+ magnum bottles of Ciroc berry, plus 2/3 of our 12+ party were thin gals in their early twenties wearing short dresses and heels. I heard that, around midnight, they were telling guys waiting in line (who did not have reservations or pre-sale tickets), that admission would be $200. This could have just been Hakkasan's way of telling people that they were not getting in.. . Hakkasan was *packed* (which I like) but then this was their grand opening weekend, so we'll see if stays packed and relevant after some time has passed and the novelty has worn-off.
It's actually not a bad venue but the hype is half-true in my opinion. Here are the pros and cons (that are probably similar to what other yelpers have posted here):. . Pros. - Awesome DJ lineup if you're really into the EDM crowd. - Expect celebrities walking in and out of this crowd because it's the new hot spot to be at in Vegas. - Security is strict, but fair. We didn't have a table but the security didn't really mind that there was an empty table that we sat at and they gave up opportunities to stand by the balcony even though we weren't supposed to be there. Much appreciated!. - Bathrooms are huge and clean. - Multiple floors of different genres - I enjoyed the main stage and the hip hop room. Apparently there is a pavilion that I didn't even find out about. . Cons. - Stairs so it isn't friendly for those who were wearing heels, however, there is an elevator but it is usually pretty packed. - Expect are really large entry fee if you didn't buy pre-sale tickets and GL is pretty long. - Drinks are expensive but that is expected of Vegas clubs
What this place really has going for it is its stacked lineup. Tiesto!!. . That being said, I expected this club to top all of the other clubs on the strip. There are so many good ones that I assumed anyone making a new club would make it extra spectacular in order to insure its success. I think I still prefer Marquee over this club. My reason for 4 stars instead of 3 is because although it is more than packed and guest list line does take about an hour, that is to be expected with Vegas clubs. It's not fair to ding them for something that is the standard. Luckily we were able to join a table on the balcony level of the main room to avoid being absolutely smushed. This made the night much better than it would have been. . . The inside really is beautiful and I enjoyed all of the different LEDs. It has a very classy and upscale vibe. They shoot out confetti which covers the interior and looks really cool and they do have good dancers. If you're going to buy drinks be prepared to fight the crowds at the bar area and to pay a lot. I know everyone has said this but I'll say it too: way too many stairs! For walking between levels there are elevators available though. . . Overall I would come back, for the newness and the lineup. But still not my "fav".
Odd there are so many negative reviews about this place. When I looked around at the crowd, everyone seemed to have lost their minds (in the best way possible). Perhaps it was Hardwell working his magic? :). . I don't know how to write this review without going into details about the night that I was there with my girls on 4/20 (opening weekend)... but it was a memorable one!!!. . Pros: . x Lines move fast -- I think. I was a little tipsy.. x Bouncers/security aren't rude douche bags.. x Temperature perfect at all times. Yay for no sweating.. x Good lights and sound great sound system. x Elevators. x 3 different ways to enter/exit the dance floor. x contracts with top DJ's so you can always expect someone good to spin no matter what week you go!. x Areas you can get away from the music for a breather.. . Side note: I wish I could comment on bar area/service and drink prices, but I don't quite remember that part of the night :P JUST BEING HONEST HERE, don't judge.. . Cons:. x Confused as hell where I was every time I was going up/down the stairs. No signs.. x Some of the tables are all the way in the back, you can barely see the DJ.. x  Dance floor is a bit small in my opinion. . . In all, I had a great experiencehere. Good review or not, let's be frank here... doesn't matter the venue, people will follow the DJ. This place has got it good overall. . . Ok, I'm having insane Vegas withdrawals right now.
Hot clubs in Vegas are usually overrated. Its just fun to try something new, and party with HOT looking crowd ;) And its always fun to go with all female crowd. Find a promoter to get you on the guestlist. Ifyou need one, you can message me and I'll send you their info.. . There is also the option to buy pre-sale tickets. This club is pretty spacious. Reminds me of a larger version of Marquee club. . . Price of drinks: Ridiculously expensive. Hottest club in Vegas right now.....they can charge anything they want I guess. . . Would I come back this summer to Hakkasan? Probably not unless went with a group of girls that have not visited and dying to just checklist it off. Think we prefer Surrender or XS for the summer nights.
HAKKAWHAAAAT!  . . I came here with my girls the night after they opened (April 19) and we were super excited to check out the new club everyone has been hyping up.  . . My first impression upon entry was that it reminded me of Marquee's layout -- the stairs, stage/dance floor layout, and tables.  Unlike Marquee, there seemed to be more tables located near the back of the club, as well as some standing room.  But I do not recall there being an outside patio.  . . I feel like your experience here (as well as at any club in Vegas) depends on the DJ, who you're with, if you have a table, and if you're on a good level.  Hardwell was performing the night we went (YES!), I was with a good group ofgirlfriends (YES!), we had a table (YES!), and we were all on a great level (YES!).  We had Dom in one hand, light-up baton in the other, and danced the night away  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-las-vegas-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=TlKuPAyQGHWSyHKAWlenig#JLdHcSRynz3EI7ZnGO3QxA).  In conclusion, we did have an amazing time, haha.  . . We did try going on the dance floor but it was soooo packed!  People bumping into me left and right, it felt like I was dancing with 20 people at once.. . Overall, Hakkasan was good, but not mind-blowing.  I was expecting something totally new but this club will be pretty crackin since they've got all the sick DJs!!
So ever since hakkasan was announced to open I had been anticipating on it being the best club Vegas has ever seen. I finally made it out last Sunday and I have to say it lived up to its expectations. Our host Ulysses was excellent and was the reason the whole night amazing. We were treated like VIP's from the beginning until   the club closed (which the girls didn't like). Everyone in our group agrees we will be back very soon. Only gripe we had was it was kind of dead but other than that it was excellent.
I hate crowds and I don't often go to clubs. But the BF wanted to check out the "hot new Vegas club" so we got a table for our party of six. Despite my slight disdain for clubs, I enjoyed Hakkasan enough to give this place 4 stars.. . Perks worth mentioning:. - They treat you pretty well if you're willing to shell out the $3K for table service.. - We didn't have to wait in line at all since we got table service.. - Our table service included 4 bottles of liquor, 6 mixers, 6 red bulls, and 6 bottles of water.. - There are hidden drawers underneath the seats at the table service areas so you can store purses, jackets, etc.. - The hidden drawers contain phone chargers.. - Staff was constantly checking our table for empty glasses to take away and wipe up any spills in our general area.. - There was never EVER a line for the ladies room and it was always clean.. - Tommy Trash was spinning and the music was pretty awesome!. - The table service areas are pretty spacious and it never got too crowded. Lots of dancing room for us!. - At some point of the night when the crowd was getting thinner, our party got transfered to a better table closer to the main dance floor. SCORE!. . One strange gripe during the night was that one of the bouncers made me stop dancing with my BF who was sitting down. It wasn't like I was being inappropriate or lap dance-y or anything. So I'm not sure why he made me stop. Is my dancing THAT bad!?! Other than that bouncer guy, the rest of the staff was pretty nice and awesome to us. Very rare to find such friendly service at a club.. . We partied until they kicked us out sometime close to 4am. Even though we didn't venture every floor of this multi-leveled club, we had a good time! Maybe it was good that we stuck to the one floor though...I heard that there are lots and lots of stairs. No thank you to that! I like to wear heels to clubs ;)
After reading all the stories about the building of this club, I finally went this past Sunday with a group of 7 friends. My host, Thomas Gorman, who had previously helped me out at other AMG establishments like Pure, really went above and beyond hosting my group with a great table location (elevated dance floor table) central to all the action. . . We arrived a little earlier than I usually do for a Vegas club around 11 but the club was already buzzing. By midnight, the place was packed and everyone was having a great time. R3hab was spinning that night. Both his set and the accompanying light show were impressive. . . Because it was Sunday, the Ling Ling room was not open so I was only able to check out the main room. The dance floor is huge (definitely bigger than Marquee) and, although it was packed, the traffic seemed to flow better than some of the other clubs. I know some people have complained about the crowds, but I'd rather have a packed club than a moderately full one, especially if I'm at a booth with my own space to invite people over for drinks. .  . I tend to visit Vegas at least every other month. Hakkasan will definitely be added to my rotation of clubs in the future.
8 girls: free on guestlist when we lined up at 9:30pm, got in fairly quickly. . Get there early or else you will not be able to dance.. . the Hip hop room was spinning bay area jams all night which was hella awesome (SF/Oakland represent!) with lots of shout outs and yay area love.  i personally enjoyed that and danced all night.  . . went to the rave/trance room later in the night since it was DJ Tiesto spinning. it was just fancy effects on the walls and strippers undressing each other and dancing on poles.  i could imagine it would be enjoyable for those who partake in the pill.  i personally was not impressed.  it quickly became a crowded moshpit sh**-show.  . . basically had great fun in the hip hop room from 10pm - midnight.. . 9$ Fiji water is bull.  minus 1 star.  prehydrate with gatorade-bacardi before you come in
Hakkasan is an amazing nightclub!. . It's new and modern with several floors to cater to your type of music.  I would consider this one of the best nightclubs I've attended in years.  Then again I don't go out clubbing as much as I used to.  However, I'm sure this is definitely one of the more well laid out clubs.  . . Overall, there was definitely enough space for the large crowd.  My favorite - is the bar staff; well done.  Drinks were popping out left and right, before I finish and BAM, another one in my hands already.   When it flows that fast people generally drink more, funny thing as I know I spent some $$, but where'd all my drinks go.  . . Needless to say, the atmosphere and the music gets you going and I just kept on buying drinks for me and everyone else!  Damn you Hakkasan developers!  Got me again this time! - Enjoy!
On my final night for MDW 2013 we went to Hakkasan to watch Hardwell!. . For this event I also bought a pre-sale ticket, that had it's own line, and it moved quite quickly.  After being escorted through what seemed like a mini-maze and a few more "check points" Hakkasan patrons are then put into an elevator where you ascend to the main dance floor.. . The main floor is similar to Marquee, but just bigger.  The DJ is in the middle with the dance floor, VIP tables, and walk way circling around it.  Thankfully the night I went wasn't as crazy so we were able to get in and out of the dance floor with no problem.. . There are a lot of ramps and small steps with narrow hallways so I can easily see those being a problem (choke points) when it nears capacity.. . The lighting is great, the most notable are the integrate lights on the ceiling that look like veins and pulse to the music.  I'm also glad that whatever speakers Hakkasan uses didn't make my ears ring for nearly 24 hours after we left the club.. . All in all, check this club out!  But also expect the typical hoops and "politics" people, mainly guys, have to deal with it when it gets busy.
My friends and I went to Hakkasan on MDW, to go see Deadmau5. One of their friends works there and had said he could get our group in gratis. When we arrived the guy told the lone male of the group that the cover charge was $100 dollars, damn! He paid up (what was he going to do) and we were in in less than 15 minutes.. The place is swanky! Yes, there are a ton of stairs but luckily I had planned my outfit accordingly and I was wearing flats. The group I was with love dancing till the wee hours, so I knew I had to come prepared. . . We got in around 11ish and danced for a while before deciding to go to the bathroom. At this point, they weren't letting anybody else on the dance floor so I made a point to reach out to one of the employees standing guard that I was leaving, and he said sure no problem.. . We didn't realize it but Steve Aoki was going on first, before Deadmau5. I've heard of Aoki, but since clubbing and EDM is not really my scene I didn't know what to expect. Holy cow, the guy is crazy! He really knows how to work a crowd! He threw cakes to the ground, rode around on a raft with the crowd carrying him, and sprayed champagne all over the place.... I'm glad I was not at the front. He also has a great light show and cool dancers with him. You can tell a lot of thought goes into the performance. I just read that even the servers outfits were designed by him. They also played some crazy videos of him partying and I felt like I was watching a Behind the Music with Guns N Roses. Without a doubt, DJ's are the new rock stars. . . Deadmau5 came on at 4 and he started out kind of slow. We were all kind of pumped after Aoki's antics that it took people a while to get going again. We left a little after 5, with our feet super tired but very happy. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed myself. I would definitely return to see Aoki.
OONTZ OONTZ UNCE UNCE OONTZ BOOM BOOM BAM BAM BOOM BASS BASS OONTZ OONTZ LIGHTS LIGHTS LIGHTS CROWDS CROWDS STAIRS STAIRS DRINKS DRINKS DRUNK DRUNK POPPED A MOLLY IM SWEATING WOOOOO SHUFFLE SHUFFLE DRINK DRINK OONTZ OONTZ UNCE DRUNK DRUNK DRUNK GOOD NIGHT!. . That's pretty much what I remember from that night. Came here to see Tiesto. New fancy spot so it was crowded. Didn't have a problem getting in since we bought our tickets online for the performance. EDM is everywhere in Vegas. Don't worry peeps, they have a hip hop level too if you want to get your twerk on!. . I also remember these dudes challenged me to a shuffle battle. Don't everrrrrr do that!! The battle circle opened up, some dude dusted off the confetti from the floor and called me out. A little shuffle shuffle action and that was it. Good times!. . I'd come back but it only depends on which DJ will be performing that night. Tix can be a little pricey but totally worth it.
You know what? This place ain't half bad. At least not as bad as how all the reviewers have been making it look like. But it seems like everyone is bitching about the general "inexperience" of the security staff above anything else. I got let in pretty quickly and even had a nerdy stocky lady bouncer give phone directions to my friends over my phone without attitude or trouble.. . If you read my other reviews, you know it's very difficult for me to speak positively on stuff like this in general. So congratulations Hakkasan! You didn't piss me off! And you put a smile on my face!. . Asians almost never smile!. . However, we did have comped tables thanks to a friend that has close connections with the senior staff in this venue. So I am reviewing this place based on a pretty concise VIP treatment. . . Our host is fairly attentive and so is her busser. Never, once, have I ever needed to ask her to fill my drink when I was going dry. Which was a issue I had at 1-Oak where I had to fill my own glasses.. . The best way I can describe Hakkasan is that it's just like Tao. It has a Asian theme, and has a restaurant downstairs. However, it is not as douchy as Tao. Now given, I seen a few catfights between girls jump off right in front of me in the hip hop room, and this being my first day, it does embarass and make the club look bad. But hey, at least I didn't get into a fight for the bathroom line like I did in Tao (read my Tao review), because there are more than FOUR bathrooms with NO LINES!. . Another reviewer is complaining about the "bitchiness" of Asian girls in the club. Personally, I never had this problem because not only do I NOT talk to random Asian girls that are looking for their rich White Knight with a green card, but I have my own friend circle of hot Asians with me :p . . The key is building your hot friend networks OUTSIDE the party scene, because anyone who thinks that they can get laid on the first night of meeting a girl at a club will just catch a nasty case of herpes, and HIV if they are unfortunate (:. . I enter the club with people I know, and leave the club with the same folks. And for anyone I met that night, ill hit them up the next day after giving them time to think about me (:. . That's how you stay safe, and not missing any kidneys the next morning!
There's really not much for me to say here. our host gave us super great customer service. VIP service was superb and the only reason why i gave this place 4 stars is because the pricing was just krazy high. But I still would come back here because of good music and with great company.
Came on Memorial Day Weekend 2013 to check out Calvin Harris and this brand new club I've been hearing so much about in Las Vegas.. . We bought presale tix which were $30 for girls and $50 for guys.  I thought this was a good deal since the non-presale tix line was RIDICULOUS and it was only about 10pm.  Our line was completely empty!  Once we got in, the club was DEAD EMPTY.  I felt like we were one of only a few patrons in the whole establishment.  With a line so long, I don't know why.... . The club itself is very modern and cool to look at.  There's three stories:. . TOP LEVEL: a bar and mostly table service.  The tables overlook the dance floor and stage where Calvin Harris was playing, but unless you have a table, you can't really do much up here.  We also found out that drinks on this level were in the $17-18 range, versus cheaper prices lower.. . MEDIUM LEVEL: more tables with the stage and dance floor, which seems a bit small for the huge size of the club.  Again, tables line the dance floor and is tiered so they can see the stage.. . BOTTOM LEVEL: is where "hip hop" music is played, though we found most of their song selections to be older hip hop/R&B songs (pretty fun to reminisce, haha).  There's another smaller dance floor here where there seems to be a more "chill" vibe.  Tons of more tables encompass the rest of the floor and there's a small bar where we found we could buy drinks for $13 a piece.. . The three stories definitely have a cool appeal and makes the club seem sophisticated and HUGE.  However, with the three stories, that's a lot of stairs to climb for a group of girls in 5" heels!  To save on cost we were going to the bottom level bar every time we wanted a drink...so my feet and knees were SO sore by the end of the night.. . Another thing to note as by my mention of so many tables is that the priority really seems to be table service at this club.  My friend asked a worker how much a table costs and it STARTS at $5k!  Dayum.. . The CALVIN HARRIS concert was awesome.  He came on around 1:30am (my feet were so done by then) and there were so many cool effects on the dance stage like confetti and a constant laser light show!  Unfortunately, I only stayed a little while as my feet were so dead.  There really is NO PLACE TO SIT in this club.. . Takeaway: GORGEOUS club, brand new, and definitely poppin'!  The stairs can be a real pain (literally), but I'd definitely come back.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-nightclub-las-vegas?select=9nyo6aNP5xmsP2v8CA4CdQ#9nyo6aNP5xmsP2v8CA4CdQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-nightclub-las-vegas?select=9nyo6aNP5xmsP2v8CA4CdQ#gRN4ti4-_9bRDwy51tBqAg
I'm so surprised that Hakkasan got such bad reviews! My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our time here, and it was our favorite club that we visited while we were in Vegas.. . This was our first trip to Vegas since turning 21, so we wanted to be safe than sorry and get the pre-sales. We bought pre-sale tickets and it was $20 for females and $30 for males. We definitely did NOT regret purchasing them because we got there at 12:15, and the non-presale ticket line was still pretty long. We got to bypass everyone and head to the front, woohoo! Also, we got to take the elevator so we avoided those nasty stairs that everyone kept talking about :). . Quintino came on at about 1:30, and he was aamaaazing. The lights were SPOT ON and we had an awesome time on the floor. The layout of the club was nice - we liked it better than XS and Surrender. It got pretty hot on the floor so we decided to rest for a bit and check out the Hip Hop room. They played a lot of RnB, and it was a nice rest from the EDM. We only stayed there for about 10 minutes and then went back to the main floor and stayed until Quintino finished his set.. . We had an awesome time! Drinks were waay overpriced, but what club has reasonable prices? Don'tbe frightened by the bad reviews below, check it out yourself. We loved Hakkasan :)
Alright alright, I'll admit that my 2nd visit to Hakkasan was MUCH better than my first.  We had a connection with a friend who works there, but he wasn't working the door so I was a little nervous it would be a zoo when we got there, but we went straight to the expedited line like we were instructed and amidst all the chaos, someone who worked there approached us and asked very nicely how he could help us.  Turns out he was my friend's boss, Gaz.  He was so nice and we joked about CrossFit as he walked us into the right line and he gave us each a drink ticket on the house.  We got in right away and though it was a zoo, we took the elevator and went straight up to the main room where we got our free drinks and then walked around.  We found some friends who had an awesome table and ended up sitting with them until Dada Life came on.  It was a spectacular show and view and we have a an awesome time.  It was just a really good atmosphere and we had so much fun.  I'd definitely go back.
One of the most hyped clubs since last year has been the Hakkasan. When I was at WMC this year in Miami, I saw cab after cab advertising for this place. After a month goes by, I heard many reviews both positive and negative and I thought the only way to find out is to go see it for myself. On this particular trip, I will be doing a preview and comparison between two of the newest mega nightclubs that Vegas has built to cater to the EDM crowd.  My other review will be on the Light at Mandalay Bay. . . Located at the MGM Grand, the prime real estate serves as a convenient spot for the South end strip dwellers. Most of the younger crowd ends up stayingat hotels around this area to be close to all the clubs without spending a fortune on cabs.  I didn't get checked into my hotel at the Platinum (by Ballys) until 9:30 and somehow I had enough to get changed in my Vegas bests (tie, vest and the whole 9 yards) and still make it to the club by 10:45.  I had a fairly good ratio of females with me and I had already texted my long time host which worked at Wet Republic, Thomas to get me us in.. . As I approached the club, it was a zoo surrounding the place. Also the guest list line wrapped around the building and into the hallway where the stores are. Finding Thomas was almost impossible, especially when he caters to mostly the higher end clientele and was probably busy seating one of his 25K min tables that he sold on that particular night. Thomas directed me to someone else that worked the ropes at the front, and he was able to get our group of ladies in smoothly. The process after getting past the ropes didn't last more than 5 mins after the bouncers checked your credentials for entry. . . I physically set foot in the club at about 11:15 PM, and the dance floor was still not crowded. I managed to get a quick tour of the entire place and found a few sweet spots where the bass hit very well. Surprisingly the sound on the dance floor itself is not as loud as the second level. Another thing I notice is that the crowd tends to flow from the right side of the dance floor. If you are entering the dance floor, you would probably have an easier time staying on the left without being bumped into.  By midnight, all bets are off for free movement on the dance floor. . . One of the gripes I read a lot on the other reviews was that there are too many stairs. I did not find this to be an issue at all. If you are comparing the stairs that are at Marquee, these are just baby steps. There is also an elevator that takes you to two places, the exit or the downstairs hip hop room. The guys working the elevator specifically tell you where they are going, so make sure you take the right one.. . So finally I decided I had enough with getting bumped into with the sub-standard opening EDM acts, and I went to the hip hop room with Chris, a promoter from Light that I met that night. We took the elevator down and I heard nothing but ratchet music and tons of smoke. People were definitely getting their party on. In the hip hop room there is actual dance space, and it seemed the crowd was able to have more fun. I spent a good 45 minutes down here before it was almost time for main act to come on at the main stage.. . When Dada Life finally came on, it seems like the lighting and volume increased and the production value went up. By production, I mean more confetti than ever before. Dada played a very expected set. It wasn't one I haven't heard before from other festivals and clubs. I think the problem with signing resident DJs that play every other week is that they tend to lose interest in changing it up for the crowd. It's probably more of a problem in Vegas now days than anywhere else.. . The night came and went. I can't say that it was let down. I also can't say it was mind blowing.  I think the owners really focused on keeping the restaurant element of Hakkasan and left out a few essentials that can probably help put this place over the top. The overcrowding issue tends to occur at clubs converted from restaurants. I.e. Tao nightclub is almost unbearable on most nights with a full house. Hakkasan does have a few places for you to take a breather, only if you know where to look. I would definitely come back. . . PS. I met my favorite day club hostess, Danny at Wet Republic. That, on its own made my night.. . You can read the full review with pics here: http://bit.ly/13EMT94
The next big vegas night club, if for no other reason than the amount of ridiculous talent locked in. That being said, the venue itself is pretty sweet. It has this mega club warehouse feel to it with multiple levels and rooms, but has enough fine touches to keep it feel like it was worth the time and money you likely spent to get in (Recommendation for guys: unless you're rolling deep and getting a table, do the presale ticket option). The drinks were standard vegas (over) prices. There was definitely a big size discrepancy in the hip hop lounge vs the main floor. Just based on the headliners, its obvious that this place caters more to the EDM heads out there. Speaking of the main stage, the light show/giant LED screen is pretty spectacular, even if you're not rolling
off the hook!!
I was there last Sunday celebrating my bday! The club was good, but I expected something more... Its spacious... Make sure you are on the guest list because even though the line is huge it moves pretty quickly! I had fun, but there was so much hype about this place that I thought it would beat XS, but no... Monday I went to XS where Lil Jon was performing, and that'e where I had a blast. . I guess if you are into techno/trance music, you would love Hakkasan, but if you are more House/HipHop then that place is not for you.
I was at Hakkasan last night to see Dada Life.  I was nervous to go there after reading all the bad reviews, but I have to say...I had a good time.  I didn't get there till about 1:30 cause I don't need to be in a club for almost 4 hours before the headlining DJ finally starts.  I got in very quickly and everyone was routed to the elevator.  Security was nice and courteous. I was able to find a good spot to get a great view of the DJ's.  Dada Life did a great job and the lighting effects were awesome too.  The place was busy, but not overly packed (maybe because it was mid-week).  The crowd was definitely into it which made it a better experience.  I rarely club anymore, but I'd go back to Hakkasan again.
Awesome club~!  We came here for my dad'd birthday around Mother's Day weekend, and we REALLY enjoyed ourselves here.  It was super huge and well ventilated, so my group wasn't all sweaty and hot like in most other clubs.  We were right up front with the DJ Bingo Players, and I had a really good time here.  There was a room for trance/house and another for hip hop lovers.  As it turned out, we ran into someone there with a table so we got to rest our toesies at their table.  It did take a while for us to get in even though we pre-bought tickets, but I would say it was only a 20 minute wait.  That was the only drawback really.  If you pre-bought tickets, you shouldn't have to wait like the rest of them.  The lights show was great, the crowd was energetic, and it was very well decorated.  I read that they had Cirque Du Soleil dancers twrling above you ,but I didn't see any of that, though I was expecting something that crazy cool.  We got loaded before we came, so I'm not sure how expensive the drinks were, but expect the regular $14-$20 Vegas drink.  Just a note to girls: LOTS of stairs so be prepared to take off your shoes and put on those flats!
My favorite club in Vegas right now!  The have pulled all the best djs in the world.  I love and hate how big this club is.  You can definitely get lost with all the different levels.  However, I love that the dance floor is big (way bigger than Marquee).  No outdoor area, so it can get a little claustrophobic.  Several bars on each floor.. . I saw Tiesto in my recent trip, and it probably was the best time I have had dancing to Tiesto!  He had great lighting and performers.. . Make friends with a promoter or show up early with pre-sale tickets if you want to bypass the lines.  Get a table above the dance floor for the best view.
I'm picky with clubs (hate all clubs besides Marquee) and thought nothing can par up to Marquee. However, this club impressed me. I went in with not so high expectations based on the mixed reviews and came out so WOWed out. I went during EDC Thurs night with Hardwell and yes it was packed as crazy. But what do you expect? It's a Vegas club with big name EDM dj's! . . Got prepaid tix, we went to that line before midnight and there was NO WAIT. The process was smooth, check ID, check tickets, get stamped, get IN. DONE. Take the elevators to the actual dance floor. I have one excellent thing I need to point out, its the BOUNCERS. THEY WERE FRIENDLY. WTF?! All the bouncers I've encountered were douches. But these guys answered my BF's questions and mines with ease and tried to help us. They were incredibly nice, both inside and outside bouncers. The ones inside were super nice when we were trying to find the hip hop room. HUGE PROPS. If Hakka keep this up, they'll definitely attract a much larger crowd. . . Upon entering, the lights blew me away. Blue and pink lights, SO PRETTY! The dance floor at the main EDM area is HUGE, bigger than Marquee. There are several bars on the sides to get your drinks. We were looking for the hip hop area just to check it out before we settled for Hardwell, but found out they were using that floor for EDM for that specific weekend. So a bouncer guided us to another area, a lounge thats connected to HAKKA! We walked in and it was EMPTY! Hella chairs, tables, and and an empty bar to chill. I recommend everybody to go there to use the bathroom, get drinks, rest your feet, etc. Omg, can't believe it was empty. People complaining about where to sit? You're not looking hard enough. After all, it is a Vegas club and they do like to make $ off bottle service. No sitting is a given, get used to it.. . Anyways, during Hardwell, the dance floor was packed of course, but it was incredibly FUN. The lights were amazing. The screens/visuals were very clean and new, so the graphics looked AMAZING. I didn't want to leave but it was near 4am. Tiesto came out surprisingly to dance with Hardwell... AMAZING! . . Want great EDM music, lights, lasers, visuals? COME TO HAKKA. The girls with ram outfits dancing above the stage WERE AWESOME. I was so amused by their dance moves that I forgot about Hardwell. . . I will definitely be back here now. This blows XS out of the water. Not sure how GL works on regular weekends, but I'd just buy tickets to avoid the line and hassle. Only $20 for girls!
Heck with waiting in line or buying presale tickets.. we did it big last weekend when Hardwell was spinning. Decided to get table service and walked right in, no biggie! Had a great time.. we were located on the same level as the big room where the DJ is. One of our hostesses played us with ordering a bottle and yes we were irked by that but another one named Tanya from SD was amazing! She was so much fun and was so real! We will be back for more fun!!
It took us hours, and I mean hours to get into this place. It was EDC weekend and everyone wanted to see Hardwell and experience this new talked-about nightclub. We were no different.. . When we were finally ushered in, Hardwell was already on. There were crazy sci-fi dancers on stage and tons of rave lights everywhere. It was awesome! Man, the place was packed though. . . We managed to squeeze into someone's booth. We almost got free bottle service when they left too, but the staff promptly removed it from the table. Aww man. . . It was a fun night with unst unst music. I like Hakkasan, but I don't love it.
Went a second time and had a much better time than the first. Its a beautiful club and this time the staff was definitely more friendly.. . I would still recommend that Hakkasan make some non VIP seating but maybe its because Im getting old and my feet were hurting. :)
Hakkasan! Hottest Nightclub in Vegas where well known DJs are house residents!. . We came here on a Thursday night knowing Hardwell would be spinning tracks, unfortunately, we were only able to get a table on the 3rd floor instead of the 5th floor (main floor were all the big name DJs play). Our hostesses were extremely friendly and the bussers bust their butts. Our cranberry, pineapple juice, sprite, and what not never went low or close to empty, they were re-filled quickly. The security was attentive, but chill and laid back as long as shit didn't happen.. . Upstairs on the 5th floor it was hardcore! Don't expect to have too much standing room as it is mainly designed for bottle service! You're in Vegas and hot nightclubs like Hakkasan expects/wants you to drop that dough $$! Unfortunately I didn't stay up there long since our table was downstairs and there were bottles waiting to be drank!. . We eventually decided to leave our table and go upstairs and check out Hardwell, but unfortunately got kicked out because a friend of ours was a little too intoxicated, haha. I wasn't pissed because it is what it is and the bouncer was only doing his job.. . Overall, love the service here, not sure if it's worth the $$ (even if I didn't pay, perks of being a girl!), but as long as the music is right I'll dance all night!
I'm a fan because of two things: . . 1. i did not have to pay cover (yay for being a girl in vegas). 2. they have the best djs spinning (hardwell, calvin harris, tiesto..etc). . i came here during edc weekend on a thursday and Hardwell was spinning. it was only me and my other girlfriend meeting up with a group of people instead. but our plane landed a little late so we got to Hakkasan around 12am. We walk straight to the front, i told the man holding a list that it was only me and my girlfriend and he let us straight in.. . This place is huge! I walked in and it reminded me a lot of TAO at the venetian. When hardwell came on, the dance floor became extremely packed, to the point where i could not breathe so we decided to leave the dance floor. I really wanted to see hardwell, so I went to the top floor and somehow shmoozed my way to a table which an amazing view of the floor. . . what made the night was when tiesto made a special appearance. needless to say, my experience at this new club was awesome.
In one night I checked out three clubs. Hakkasan is the third club my friends and I visited and am I glad we went!. . Tommy Trash was the DJ of the night.. . Got in free... I don't remember how...But we did. Got to ride in the elevator to go up and from there, there are stairs. The security are nice but don't mistake one for a random guy that wants to hold your hand.. . Drinks are expensive. Already learned that you should PREGAME. Water = $9, WHAT? And no they do not offer a cup of water.. . If I remember correctly there's two to three floors. To get access to their stage you need another wristband. With the DJ playing there's a block off like a concert with security guards making sure nobody passes that line.. . Loved the lights and there were dancers! They had cool outfits on but I couldn't see much since I'm tiny.. . Main dance floor in the middle, there are ramps/stairs to go to to get to it. Tables surround the main dance floor for parties I suppose. Bars are at the back with bathrooms somewhere in between.
I totally loved this place. I went to Hakkasan my first night in Vegas on Thursday at about 1am and there was no line a 20 dollar cover and Tommy Trash was performing. The crowd can get a little overwhelming, especially boys who can't handle their partying and get very disrespectful. But the venue itself with the lights and screen, dancers, DJ booth, the tables are amazing. I went the next night and got a table for Laidback Luke, Amaris and Arthur were my handlers and the service was SO GREAT! Later in the evening our table got upgraded to a bigger and closer table to Laidback Luke for no additional charge. It was the best 30th birthday I could ask for. Do realize that there is a 40% mandatory gratuity. Expensive but the place and service is worth it if you want to do big. Still pretty good place to just go to without a table as well. My fave club in Vegas hands down. Oh and the resident DJs are top names, so that's also a huge plus: Tiesto, Laidback Luke, Tommy Trash, Danny Avila, etc.
My fave club in Vegas right now.  We bought pre-sale tickets and the line was sooo easy and efficient to get through.  The music was great all night.. . The drinks were a lil pricey but it's Vegas. And their tiny ass bottle of Fiji water was $9..that was a drawback, hence only 4 stars.
Make sure you buy presale tickets online at least 3 weeks ahead of time.. . As the date gets closer, you will pay higher and higher prices.. . Don't even try to buy tickets at the door, especially if you have more guys than girls in your group.. . This place is huge with different rooms.. The hip-hop DJ was one of the best I've ever heard!. . Dead Mau5 was also crazy good!. . Predrink elsewhere since the drink prices here are just too expensive.
First time visit and this is what happened: Our party of 2 girls and 3 guys arrived around 12:40am now Monday morning. We were on the guestlist (through a FB contest that I won- didnt think 40mns was a big deal). The female staff I approached said "sorry, the guest list closed at 12am " and she explained our options were to pay $20 for girls and $30 for guys OR go somewhere else. After two minutes of my group and I discussing our next moves, a male staff approaches us and I explained our situation. This bouncer was courteous enough to tell us since we were on the guest list, we would be able to get in the General Admission line and pay the reduced rate of $10 for girls and $20 for boys (thanks a lot stupid girl). . . The entrance was fully staffed with what appeared to be a lot of people standing around doing nothing. There are separate lines for guest list, general admission and god knows what else, super confusing- no one in either line, this made us worry. We weren't sure if there were any people inside the club and unable to hear the music (due to having to take elevator up to reach club). We all paid and got in without issues. After paying, entering the club itself could not have been any more difficult. I kept asking useless staff that were standing around "now what? where do we go?" Disoriented. Dark. . . When we finally found it, to our surprise, the club was packed- possibly way beyond capacity. The dancefloor looked decent sized but we were packed like sardines which made it difficult to dance and difficult to move around the club. Impressive state of the art light system and acoustics for the bass/sound system still has my ears ringing and deaf. . . The layout has stairs here and there which are not well-lit, the bar area is dark too, and so are the restrooms. Beware, lots of spilled drinks near the bar. We definitely saw plenty people (male and female) fall near bar and on the stairs. . . We were also given conflicting information about the dresscode. It seems on Sunday they are more lax and allow tennis shoes and t-shirts, etc. Our entire party was dressed up and disappointed to see some dressed down. :/. . I did not buy any drinks myself but its Vegas and a club so I'm assuming they are priced just like all the other clubs.. . Not sure how it is on other nights but this seemed like the place to be on a Sunday Funday night! If you like EDM, you can dance the night away here. Our DJ's for the night were TJR and Bambi-both amazing DJ's and had the entire crowd jumping and dancing. TJR was definitely having a good time himself- I love when a DJ can relate to his fans and dance and not just stand at a turn table and mix.  . . We left after 3am but I was told the club closes between 3am-4am, depending on the night/crowd. Will return before midnight next time. This place I hear just opened and is competing with Marquee, XS, and Surrender...definitely giving them a run for their money.
If you love mega clubs, you will love Hakkasan. If you don't, you should skip it.. . We did pre-sale tickets for Deadmau5 unleashed on a Friday night. We arrived around midnight and went from line to line to line, but they moved pretty quickly. We were inside within 15 minutes.. . What you read about the Hakkastairs is true, but for us guys it wasn't any big deal. I guess I could see why girls in 3 inch heels complain, but it wasn't a problem for us. You can take the elevator, but we didn't care to wait.. . The first floor we arrived on was a hip-hop floor. Not really my scene (though we did have a celebrity sighting). We continued upward. That's where the party was at.. . The opener DJ was world class. He did an amazing job pumping up the crowd for the main act. Deadmau5 came on around 2:00am, and didn't disappoint. The sound system is pounding (I was glad to have ear plugs), the lights and video were awesome, the kryo was awesome.. . My only complaint was that the main floor was so crowded. I was trapped for a while and couldn't move. I am not a fighter, but I was ready to punch a guy who kept bumping into me. If it were not for the place being so packed and the abundance of douchey people, Hakkasan would have gotten a rare 5 stars from me.. . So, my advice for a good night at Hakkasan: wear comfortable shoes, bring ear plugs, expect expensive drinks and a big crowd, and enjoy the world class sound and production.
This place is rated one of the top clubs in the nation. I could see why it is. The place is huge - 2 levels of dance music with multiple dance floors. If you do not want to be squished by the mosh pit I would advise to stick to the far outer dance floors which has more room to move and dance. Ladies I advise to wear low heels if any. There are a lot of stairs and I saw may people falling down them..... so take extra caution. . . The Pros: Great Music both techno and Hip/Hop, Hot looking men, and a FUN Time.. The Cons: Severely packed (they pack way too many people in this place) if you like personal space: DONT GOT, at times the doorman are jerks (we didn't have the right promoters name in line so we were segregated for quite some time until they let us in). After all was said and done, we ended up having the right name they just had the wrong information.. . Make sure you get on a list for entry and have a great time. You'll definitely be out till 4:00 AM being at this club.
This review comes a few weeks late, but thought id finally give it some stars. To be short and simple...this place had tons of room to dance, had the AC blasting (never broke a sweat once!) , good sound and visuals, and a good crowd that wasn't too rowdy.  . . Drinks of course are pricey..but thats really the only thing i found bad about the place.  Check it out in vegas if your a fan of EDM.
I had lots of fun at this club! Even though I chose not to experience bottle service or any VIP extravaganzas, my brother and friends were able to get in fairly quickly. And it was not grossly overcrowded! I would go back.
If you're willing to wait in lines, it's fun! My friend bought pre-sales tickets and it was cheaper and faster. Since I am a girl, I was on the guest list... but so is every other girl who knows or ran into a promoter, so the line was still 30 mins. But once we got in, the place was pretty cool. Lots of rooms, fun extras like glow sticks. Good DJ's. I'll go again!  . . (Also, ladies, I got in with flats which I was very happy about! I stay so much longer at clubswhen I don't have to wear heels all night)
Beautiful club, tiny dance floors.. . This was my first time clubbing in Vegas and I expected to be treated like a criminal because I'm young and not a female. The last time I tried to go clubbing at Light's grand opening in Vegas, the bouncers blew me off and sent me to what appeared to be a line that led to a dead end, literally.. . This was not the case! The staff at Hakkasan are incredibly kind, and yes that goes for the "security" as well! The black security guy (sorry I didn't get his name) even shook my hand with a big smile and wished that I had a good time at the club! The security guys are all dressed well and were not condescending at all, and all of the hostesses doing table service were professional and good looking as well.. . The hip hop floor was way too packed to dance properly, but the music was good. I guess this place is for EDM because the EDM floor is about three times as big as the hip hop floor and, well, it's obvious which room was more important to the owner.. . Fergie DJ was the main attraction that night and he was great. The production was awesome as they had great lighting and great performers. Needless to say, I couldn't hear a thing when I left the club.. . Fun night, definitely a good experience! One warning though, this is not a club to pick up girls. The hip hop floor is too crowded and I don't understand how you dance with a stranger to EDM. Had a fun night with my girlfriend, though!
Had I not spent the whole night in the hip hop room, this review would have only 1 star. Everywhere else was JAM PACKED, you could barely squeeze your way through, and if you had to tinkle, well good luck. Prices are $$$ as expected, being the new it spot of sin city. . . Why I give Hakkasan the 4 stars:. Security guys were awesome, they looked like they actually enjoyed being there. I mean let's face it, most security at clubs look miserable. They're so easy going. the 3 guy bartenders were chill as well, friendly and efficient... . LOOOOOOVED THE DJ at the hip hop room, i'm normally one of those girls that have songs i KNOW i want to hear, but i didn't for once have the need to feel like i should go (drunk) request a song. He played ALLLLLLLLLL the jams.. from old school Biggie and Jay-Z to Pharrell and Daft Punk.. . So there you have it! No lines at the bar, and great hip hop = EPIC NIGHT!
I think we came here around 10:30 and the hip hop room was pretty empty.  Then we went upstairs some more into the EDM room and it was definitely more packed, haha.  The main dance floor itself is medium-sized, but since this club has various rooms and more space (and easy access to bathrooms!) I'd rate it higher than Light.. . Good music, and they were giving away those glowsticks!
I've only been here twice and both times I've had a blast! . Actually I just found out they had a hip-hop room. LOL. . . I would love to come here and try their food sometime but have only been to the club so far. . . I think SOME of the staff could have a little better customer service. I KNOW you see me standing there and yet you ignore me. It's cool though... Mr. Fancy Guys with the Clipboards! I still like the club!!
Came here on a friday night and Rehab. We stopped by the hip hop room which was a complete ghost town and incredibly small. . . The dance floor is about medium sized and the place is has a lot of space. . . As for the music it was solid, much better then I've experienced in the past at XS or Lights. I'd rank this above Lights (the other newer club in Mandalay Bay) but lower then Marquee as the Cosmopolitan.. . I'd be willing to come here again. . . Note: Buy presale. #Trust
I feel so bad everyone didn't have the same expierience that I did. I went with a group of four girls probably a Thursday night I want to say..we were on the guest list and we got there later so we weren't able to hang out at a table before they were all bought out, but one of the promoters gave us 2 free drink cards each since there was a miscommunication..NERVO was playing and we had no idea going in so to see them was such a huge and wonderful suprise. I made friends with a couple employees/ promoters who were very nice and helpful..Kevin Shapouri, Stan Lopez, and Ryan solarz were a few I met who gave us their cards and helped with an awesome expierience. Loved the Gogo dancers in the top glass balcony above the stage area as well. By the end of the night I got to snap a pic with one of the girls from NERVO. I will definitely be back! It's a new club, I'm sure they're doing the best they can and still figuring out what works best.  Definitely go earlyy round 10:30 and go on a guest list for the easiest entry
Even as I was trying not to buy into all the hype around the "hottest new club" in Vegas, I am an official Hakkasan fan.. . I came with a group of 17 - got in pretty easy at 10pm through a guest list. Girls were free, guys had to pay $40 on a Saturday night.. . The DJs are LEGIT. (I never say legit. I think it's a db thing to say. but... I don't know how else to describe them) I was at XS the night before, and I definitely prefer Hakkasan over XS. The hip-hop DJ on the bottom floor was SOOO good that I wish the dance floor wasn't so small. It does put a damper on dancing because I wasn't able to move after 2 hours of being there, but each song that came on was good enough to make me TRY! I definitely didn't have $3k to blow on table service, but from the looks of it, they didn't have much room either. I don't think the bottle service area looked like it would be worth it - besides the fact that they can sit down... but with a DJ this good, why would you want to?. . The EDM floor up top was even more impressive. The lights, the DJ, Ughh! If you ever want to feel like you're on drugs without actually taking them, then there ya go. Stand 5 minutes just watching the scene, the badass DJ and then just let the music sink in. . . Drinks were $16. Annoyingly pricey because I still bought more than 6 of them regardless. Anywhoo... good times :)
Hakkasan Definitely lived up to the hype. This club is so sick! The lighting, sound, special effects, and layout are perfect! Only 2 things that kept me from giving 5 stars. Hakkasan is to warm, turn the AC on. And the second issue is drink prices. I paid $22 for a well gin and tonic and a small bottle of water. They don't give out free glasses of water and they make sure the bathroom water is warm so it's not quenching enough to wanna drink. We had a great time partying with Michael Woods and look forward to this Sunday with Danny Avila .
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary during EDC Week. We arrived on Thursday 6/20/13 for the Hardwell, Dannic & Dyro Record Release party. I had a few friends visit for opening weekend in April and they told me that I would be blown away. Boy were they right!. . Coming from Seattle, our best nightclub is Foundation in Belltown. Hakkasan is like Tao, Lavo, Marquee Beach, and Foundation taken up a few decibels to the point that they pale in comparison. . . The club is literally  stories high, so ladies please practice walking in your stilettos. Otherwise you'll be waiting in line for the highly sought-after elevators on the bottom floor. Each level has different bar and dancefloor areas, however the night we went was absolutely packed beyond belief for Hardwell. There was hardly any standing room, and while my boyfriend and I love dancing and clubbing and are used to being packed like sardines, it was a little too much. Hardwell still hadn't come on at 1:30 which we found a little insane, but overall the experience was AMAZING. . . The lighting and lazers inside were spectacular. The scaffolding on the ceiling is even in the Hakkasan logo! The production behind each set is superb and unlike anything I have ever seen. . . Tip: ALWAYS buy presale tickets. Presale ticketholders have a special expedited line. Also for guys: Wear nice dress shoes/slacks. Jeans are barely allowed in. Do not wear rave attire (ie: kandi, bras with skirts) because the dress code is strictly enforced and we saw people getting turned away.
Came here on a Saturday last weekend (8/10).  Girlfriend was on a guest list so she got in free, however I had to pay.  Tiesto was the DJ so the club was packed and expensive! It was $100 for males and $50 for females not on a guest list. I normally wouldn't have paid that much but Tiesto was worth paying for.  We got here early around 10pm so the wait was very minimal for me.  Was inside within 30 mins with no hassle.  If you are certain you want to visit the club, you can buy pre-sale tickets online for a slight discount + no wait in line.  Definately recommend doing that when big name DJs are performing.  . . Tiesto came on at around 1:30am.  Make your way to the main dance floor before that! The entire dance floor was packed! Extremely hard to move around.  He was on until about 4am which was great. . . Overall the club was huge, multiple floors.  The Ling Ling lounge was downstairs for those who are not so into edm.  Drinks are average for vegas at around ($15), however they do charge for water bottles!!! I would definitely return depending on the DJ. But I don't think it's worth the price for any random DJ.
Let me firstly say customer service is extremely important to me.. If you rub me the wrong way, I will ignore the staff and conduct business as usual.. . First of all, the security and check in hosts were swift and polite, got through the guest list line in probably less than 30 mins (there were a lot of people). Ahm... Btw... I'm sitting outside in the cafe writing the review right now, keep reading you will see why.. Anyway, the club set up is kind of like a dungeon/beehive, I can get a little claustrophobic so I think the air conditioning could be tweaked a bit.. The third level "Ling Ling" had the most vibe for me and my crew.. The Pavilion was awesome as well, I will go ahead and express that we were shoulder to shoulder in every room basically.. . Perhaps if I found the necessity to buy a $40 bottle of alcohol at a 250% profit, I would be more comfortable at a table.. But alas, my mind would not allow me to do that after calculating.. . Anyhow, one of the friends... Made a close connection with alcohol and to say the least I was babysitting, after being asked by one of the attendants inside if I was having a good night, I pretty much told her that the girl lost her lunch on the other side of the room, she was so sweet and apologized about how my night was amounting, she saw me around a few times and then when she saw how bad the girl was, she explained that we had to go, no problem, we were leaving, a security guard helped her down the stairs, sooooo sweet and polite, we left and then here I am writing this review.. . Please note. When you quit alcohol on a whole (Im training for a race) and step back to see how people react to it, it's either entertaining or annoying. Entertaining in the sense where it makes people absolutely insane and annoying in the sense--- you turn into a baby sitter!. Ugh. RUINED my night.. . Finished 8.24.13 anyhow, loved the place, was a little bit of a dungeon but I had a blast!
I give this club gets a 4 stars. Mainly because of their setup. Everything so really nice, well of course its a new club. I like the idea how the owner took all of the top DJs to make sure other clubs run out business. Other than that, awesome DJ and vibe. The only problem is......... STAIRS! Goodluck ladies because you will complain how the elevator is packed and there are too many stairs. If not, then more power to yah! And of course, drink are super expensive.. . Only way to have fun is if you have a lot of money to burn.
Really nice, modern club! They have everything you'd expect ... the best DJs and a huge dance floor. Somehow, it's still really really packed ... but I guess that's vegas. . . The upstairs is where to be ... less crowded but still fun. Getting in can be an issue at times, but that's the same everywhere else. . . Drinks are pricey, but that's Vegas for you.
This review is only for the club.. This new club has quite the line up of DJ's, and the weekend we were there Tiesto was spinning on Sat night! Being that he is among the top DJ's on the planet, we figured it would be packed so, of course, I turn to my fellow Yelpsters for advice.... Let me confirm and clear up a few things now that Ihave been there. . First the nerve-wrecking stairs, this is a 5 story spot, but the club is only 3 stories. You enter on the main floor, so if you are there for EDM, stay there and no stairs. The main floor is the middle, so if you are there for hip-hop go downstairs, and now I can see a problem.. Second the non-VIP seating policy, there actually are places to sit for non-VIP. If you go downstairs, damn stairs!, you have two directions at the bottom, straight in the main room or do a 180 and walk down the hall. The back room is open seating, at least until the promoters sell the seat as VIP, but to us it seamed like we had a place to sit all night. Plus those bartenders are way less busy and hoooook it up!. Third the nice staff, this one is true! These were without a doubt the nicest bouncers and bartenders we had ever dealt with, and we have been to clubs from SF to Ibiza. It was a much better feel than the normal steroid-staredown that you get from most clubs in Vegas. . Fourth the dress code, this is normal for Vegas, smart casual. A previous post mentions flip-flops, I did not see any, but let's face it a dress code is 99.9% for the guys so maybe she did sneak in with them on.... Fifth the music in the hip hop room, the posts about the gangster rap are probably from people that did not stay down there long enough, we really felt there was a good mix of many genres of hip hop, but we were there for Tiesto!. Last the dance floor, prior posts are accurate, there is little to no dance floor for a club that holds 5000 people. The main dance floors get so packed that it becomes more of a collective fist pump rather than dancing. We found that upstairs was the better place to dance. There is an open area up there, and while not technically a dance floor, we sure turned it into one! Oh and you can see the DJ booth from up there, if you look through the VIP's lining the rail. . The lack of dance floor space is the reason I knocked a star off. All in all this is a great club, and with DJ's like Tiesto how can you go wrong.
Hakkasan, well more like HekkaINSANE. I don't know where to begin. If you are planning on going here, I hope you are getting bottle service. Don't even waste your time here if you aren't getting bottle service because it is SO PACKED you will not be able to move. If you are a girl, good luck trying to get onto the main dance floor.  By good luck I mean I hope you are 7 feet tall or you have a spaceship to teleport you onto the dance floor. There is absolutely zero space to even move. Head bopping will be your only dance move,. maybe a few shoulder raises, but you'll be preoccupied with pushy sweaty miserable people. . . So bottle service here is about 5 grand for the bottom floor. If you're behind the first 2 rows of tables, you won't be able to see anything because girls stand on the couches. The tables in the back, forget it! You won't see anything. Don't waste your hard earned money on those tables. . . Now if you're really trying to have a good time, do VIP. The VIP booths are on the 2nd tier aka the 5th floor on the elevator. Be prepared to drop at least 10-15 grand for one of these booths. Yep, you read that right. I came here twice on VIP booths and I had the absolute best time of my life. First time, I saw DJ Tiesto. 2nd time was Hardwell, who played a pretty sick set. So, the VIP booths- Not only will you get the best view of the epic lights and sound system, you will have space to dance or sit, whichever you prefer. You will also get a premium view of the awesome dancers. Hostesses are very attentive and nice. I danced my ass off and it was incredible. Looking down at the main floor from the VIP booths, I could see that it was absolutely packed down there. Insane. On the night with Tiesto, it looked like the club was at 200% capacity. Hardwell, more like 500%. i have never seen more people packed onto a small space in my life. BUT, very important- air conditioning was blasting the entire time and I didn't break a sweat. A+ for that, Hakkasan.. . The bathroom situation is fine. Bathrooms on every level and the lines weren't so bad. Also, easy to get a drink from the bar as the lines didnt look too long, although I had bottle service I cannot speak of the service at the bar. I also heard that they do not give tap water here so be prepared for overpriced water bottles. . . All in all, great place to be if you can roll deep. If not, don't waste your time, way way way too crowded as other reviewers have stated. So minus 1 star for the fact that normal people can't just come dance and have a good time because there is no room and it's expensive, maybe the most expensive place in Vegas.
Ok, for the people who left crappy reviews for this club for typical reasons, you are hilarious lol...First I will give my review:. . The door people/bouncers/managers---All were super nice. Gaz was awesome!!! . . The club itself---Beautiful club! Super cute and multiple bars everywhere. I never once had to wait in a long line to get a drink..Or shall I say my free drink that was given to me from management. Yes I know girls get what they want in Vegas but not every girl gets that lol.. . The music: It is what it is. Tiesto was on that night. I am not a huuuge house fan so obviously I left the club sooner than later but that doesn't make it a crappy club.. . My response to the terrible reviews this place was given:. . Umm..Your stuff was stolen??? Duh! You are in LAS VEGAS in one of the hottest clubs on the strip! Be smart and hold on to your stuff!! Of course it will get stolen!! No matter how wasted you get, you should always keep an eye on your personal belongings! . . "It's too packed": LMAO AGAIN, You are in VEGAS!!!! EVERY club will be packed!! Knock it off! . . "The drinks were over priced": DUH!!! Starbucks in Las Vegas is overpriced. lol!! Again, be smart, think, hmmm maybe prices are through the roof because I am in the MGM GRAND in Vegas.... Ding Ding!!! Light bulb! . . I really had no reason to not like this place. I thought it was cool. It sucks that I paid for a ticket, then ended up getting in for free and cannot get a refund, but that's my fault. I agreed to the terms. . . Hope this helps all you yelpers of clubs out there! :)
A nightclub experience is what you make of it and me and my girls made it a fun, classy night to remember.. . The layout of this place is awesome. When the elevators door open and you walk into the main room its POPPIN'.  We ventured into the different rooms and had a blast in the hip-hop room awhile. That room was small but the music was so fun and oldschool and brought me back many memories! . . As the night progressed we met up with our friends at a table upstairs looking at the DJ. We could see the entire club dance floor and had a perfect view of Calvin Harris. Sitting at a table is nice in here because it gets super packed and I was able to rest my feet and enjoy the cocktails/show. There was confetti and smoke blast galore! I tried to dance on the main floor once but it was too much for me...but I expected that on labor day weekend. Another big plus for me was the ventilation of this place, I never felt too hot! . . If you're in area I think it's worth trying..
As a 44 yr old guy that grew up in the 80's and the advent of electronic music, who in his 20's ushered in the Rave movement I enjoy EDM. I was by myself looking for a hip, hi-nrg, posh nightclub where I could just enjoy the music and the ambience. Hakkasan didn't dissapoint. . . You have to come here with the right attitude. Expect to pay a lot for drinks, expect to be ass to elbows on the dance floor and expect to pay an expensive cover charge. Also expect an awesome lazer light show that changes your whole perception of the room. Expect some good fog machines and skilled dj's.. . This place was exactly what I expected and well worth the couple 100 I spent there. I left early but enjoyed every minute of the experience. When my old knees got tired there were plenty of places to go and get away from the crowd. A definate must see if you want to enjoy some relevant music without the pain of hip hop and top 40.
I was pleasantly surprise with my trip to Hakkasan. I've heard rumors, read Yelp reviews, but when my beloved Dada Life comes to town, I feed the Dada and took my first trip to Hakkasan.. . I am fortunate enough to have a good friend that can show up to any club at any time and gets walked right in, not only did we walk right in, his friend gave us 6 drink tickets. Free drinks, 2.5 second line wait, all systems go!. . Once we got inside, I was overwhelmed. This club's layout was horrible. I mean, illogical and chaotic. My real beef is that you can't really see the DJs, at all. It was a hot, hot mess. Overpacked. Bodies everywhere. Bouncers didn't really enforce keeping walkways clear. Fire hazard. Thankfully, my friend and I pre-gamed and the free drinks didn't hurt either. The entire venue smelled like incense. I thought this was a nice touch.. . The sound and lighting system were also a bit funky. I feel that Hakkasan is a generic Light. I was having a conversation in this club with Dada Life slaying it and didn't have to scream or speak loudly. Please, pump up the volume. The lights and the screens look like they were put together using Microsoft Paint. Step up your audio-visual game, y'all. . . As for the customer service, it was amazing. The staff, bartenders, and waitresses were all exceptional. Thoroughly impressed.. . As for people complaining about prices, it is a Vegas club with MEGA BIG NAME RESIDENT DJs. Through that in, then add a holiday weekend in VEGAS, tadah! Vegas isn't Sin "cheaply" City. You get what you pay for, the experience, the comfy seating, the beautiful women slinging drinks, the top talent DJs. Yes, Hakkasan is a bit more expensive than other spots on the strip, but look what DJs are dropping beats. If you have the money, shell it out, it is needed in this place for a good time. Otherwise, see who you know that can hook you up with a comp bottle and then worship that friendship because some of the best and most talent DJs spin here. Also, it is normal for the headlining DJ to not come on until 1 AM or so,me have after hour spots opening at 3 AM. Again, don't slam a business for not knowing how the industry runs.. . Hakkasan is alright. It's not the most amazing club I've been to, but it is a okay establishment. It's really a 3.5 star place, but there are so many people giving the place BAD reviews for amateur reasons, I rounded up.
Came here with a bachelor party.  Got bottle service, over priced but that's expected.  Great atmosphere and music.  On the night we went, women were beautiful and friendly.  Staff definitely did their job on making us feel comfortable with drinks, ices, and cups.  Not the best club I went to but definitely up there.
I understand why all the ladies hate this club, but I LOVE IT. . . WHY?! HIP HOP ROOM. That hip-hop room plays top 40 hits and old school music as well. I think it's the best thing that happen with Hakkasan. I honestly just go to the hip-hop room every time I am there. . . The stairs are a bit annoying, but there are elevator ladies! Bottles? Is it necessary? Yes and no. It depends where you get it. If you get it in the main floor (in the back area), it looks a bit lonely if you don't have many people around you. I recommend bottles near the DJ or the hip hop room. . . I love Edm music, but when it comes to Hakkasan, I only want to be in one area: hip hop. . . Always buy your pre-sales beforehand and the line moves by so easily. I had no trouble with the bouncers or getting in. . . The only I don't like about this club is that you cannot go 'in and out.' . . Overall, I love this club because the hip hop room is much bigger than Marquee. I'm hoping more clubs will bring back this music.
Walked in with my girls - and whaddayaknow - I was here before years ago, as a crazy college kid when this place was Jet and I was escorted promptly out for dozing.. . . Anyway, being the much more mature lady that I am, I got to see the entire club this time and it's GINORMOUS. None of which is really pretty or eye-catching. I remember a bunch of trellis-like structures forming a square that we kept circumnavigating.  There's plenty of room to dance around, but Tiesto was performing that night, so it was a mess everywhere, but I like how there's ample room and bar space!. . BEST NIGHT EVER.  Vegas is certainly what you make of it.
We stayed at the MGM grand and went to Hakkasan on our second night, Thursday. We were told that was the best night to go and it was! We watched R3hab perform, the place was packed. They had great dancers, foam glow sticks and confetti. . . We were given a few drink tickets as 4 females but at the end of the night someone bought us vodka red bulls and they were $21 each. Yes. Ridiculous but I guess that's Vegas. So heads up there! . . The lounge is not a "top 40" lounge and the different levels of the club were not as clear as they seem in the ads. There is house music all over the club.
I'm not really a club person, but this place was so much fun!. My boyfriend and I went on a two day trip to Vegas last month and a friend suggested that we check this place out since it was one of the newest clubs.. Because it was a Thursday night, only the main room and lounge were open. The main room was great- lots of bartenders so you never had to wait a long time for a drink, music was good, crowd was fun and everyone was just having a really good time.. Glad we got tickets on line because they raised the admission price by $20 at the door. I guess that's pretty common in Vegas so always try to get your tickets in advance.. The one thing that really got me was the friendly staff. I couldn't believe how friendly and helpful everyone was. I didn't even know about the hip hop music in the lounge area or the short lines to certain restrooms. The fact that the staff was so accommodating and lovely really enhanced my night and made it something special.. I may even return for another visit (when I decide to have another club night) just because I know I will always be taken care of here.. Tip: Even water is expensive so make sure you plan to spend a lot of money on drinks as well as admission (i.e. $9 for asmall bottle of water).
I've been to Hakkasan twice. Once on a Friday BEFORE MDW for Tiesto, and once on a Wednesday for EDC week for Dada Life.  Both times I had a blast.. . The workers here are incredibly friendly. I've read some reviews about how the workers here don't care about you or are jerks, but that was not my experience on both occasions. There are a LOT of the male security workers all around, and they were all very very helpful and friendly. I was really surprised actually. At the end of the night they even asked how my night went and if I had fun, etc.  . . In order to make your experience here pleasant, I suggest you plan ahead and expect the worst. That may be why I enjoyed myself.  For Tiesto, I bought presale tickets (70 bucks, yikes!) and I went early. I wasn't about to go late, wait in a long line and complain about it. No, I started pounding drinks around 9, waited in line around 10-10:30, and got inside no problem. It really depends on the week though. The first time I went wasn't so bad because it was an off week, but during EDC week it was a mess. I wanted to go there for Hardwell on Thursday, but presale tickets went up to $100 (and sold out), and the line was packed by 10pm. I didn't plan ahead that night so I went somewhere else.  For Dada Life on Wednesday during EDC week, I went early and didn't have a problem though. . . Everyone knows how expensive drinks are at the clubs in Vegas, so there's no point in going over that. $6 mini Fiji waters (they don't give you free tap water), at LEAST $9 for a shot. Every female worker here is at least a 7 or 8.. . So the venue.  It's HUGE. So many places to walk around and explore. But do know that on busy nights, they fill every nook and cranny with a body. It was ok on my first night, but during EDC week it was insane. The main dance floor is big, but pretty small if you think about how many people are inside this club. I wasn't able to even move around.  However, they do have a second dance floor in the back, on the first floor that doesn't seem to get too crowded. There was lots of room to hang out and dance freely there, and the music quality was just as good.. . When I go back to Vegas, and if there is an awesome DJ playing here again, I will go back. Just make sure to plan ahead. Unless you have connects in Vegas, you don't want to just wing it.. . (Marquee is still my favorite)
I went during E.D.C week expecting it to be insanely pack and not even worth it, but I had a blast. Very friendly staff and DAda life put on a awesome show. Drinks are pricey but its Vegas ! Great place
I rarely go clubbing so this was pretty much my first time clubbing in a huge place in vegas!  I must say that this is a pretty big place with a gazillion stories!!!  My friends and I ran into some promoter and he hooked my 7 girls and I free tickets.  The only catch was to get there by 10:30pm!  We luckily made it in time with 5 minutes to spare running from Thunder from Down Under (Excalibur) to MGM.  We waited in the guestlist line....and it wasn't to bad.  We waited for a total of about 15 minutes.  . . Be prepared. LOTS OF STAIRS!!  Got inside and it was still pretty dead but as the minutes passed, it got super crowded.  We stayed mainly in the hip hop room because it was way to packed everywhere else.  My girls and I actually walked up the stairs and danced on the platform!!  Way better than being down in the crowded and touching sweaty people!  Dancing on the platforms gave us a lot of room to dance around and it is basically a first come first serve basis.. . Drinks are pretty expensive, which is typical so I wouldn't complain about that.  That is what pre-gaming is for!!. . Overall, great night with great drunken memories!. . NOTE:. -Invest in Dr. Sholl's Fast Flats!  You'll need it!
Hakkasan is one of the newest clubs in Las Vegas. So when looking for places to visit, this was on our list. We went there with a group of just 3 girls (the guys went out separately for this evening). It's inside the MGM.. It's quite a walk from the entrance where we got dropped off by cab to the club... (my poor feet squished into adorable heels!). . Anyways, once we got there, there were like 4-5 different lines.. that went all over the damn place. But we finally located the guestlist line which we were signed up for. It looked like it was going to take forever.. But after standing in line for about 5-10 minutes, I made eye contact with this promoter who was circling around looking through the crowds and he came over to see if we were just girls. Thank god we WERE so we got lead out of the line straight to the club entrance. YAY. . Once we got inside, it was amazing. The place is HUGE. Comparable to Marquee. We weren't feeling the house music right away and went to look for the Lounge.. It was like down a flight of stairs and some more walking around.. and we finally found it. The lounge was literally a LOUNGE. it was smaller than the upstairs portion but they had small seats and tables all over to lounge in. It was weird though because the music was good downstairs.. hiphop, etc. But no one was dancing?? Maybe we were still early? . . We went back upstairs and  headed for the dance floor which was really packed by then. But it was all house music so we did our best to dance to it (at least I did - unce unce unce). They also had gogo dancers there who were really amazing and into character.
We came hereto see Tiesto and it wasn't that bad. We purchased our tickets online so we were able to skip the lines. There was a lot of climbing stairs and trying to figure out where you want to be. The drinks were expensive but that was to be expected. The bar and bathrooms were easy to get to and no lines to wait in. Once the show started we moved down to the dance floor and it wasn't super crammed. We were able to move around and dance without spilling our drinks.  And when it was time to leave, we were able to get out easily! No pushing or shoving! I hate crowds but Hakkasan was spacey enough that I didn't get annoyed and I was able to enjoy myself.
Hakkasan has been pretty hyped for the past few months since it opened, and it did not disappoint (me)! My group had an amazing ratio, 15 girls:5 guys, so we all got in for free thanks to a friend's promoter. We decided not to go on a crazy night when a big headliner was performing, but we did get to see Bingo Players... idk who they are, but a few of the people in my group did (clearly I am not an edm kind of girl)! . . There are a bunch of floors with several dance floors and lounge areas... thank goodness we did not have to step into a stairwell once. There were elevators on each floor and an elevator operator that would help all the drunkies get to where they wanted to go. We spent the first half of our night on the hip hop floor which was so much fun! DJ was spinning top 40 and old school hip hop all night. For the later half we joined a table on the main EDM floor and saw Bingo Players which was also super fun. . . . Overall I had a great experience at Hakkasan and I would definitely come back! Hopefully the next time would be just as eventful =)
I don't get the bad reviews I see on here. Maybe the fact that it was my birthday weekend just made it more fun, but here's my input:. . Location: IDEAL. MGM Grand is central on The Strip and Across of Marquee. I heard a story about how the owner of Hakkasan was denied a table at Marquee, so he basically said "you don't know what you've started" and boom! Opened Hakkasan and took the DJ's/Promoters/etc. Not totally sure about this story...just heard it from one of the security guards.. . Security: Since we're on that subject, the security was good! Lost your phone? Well, you should've gotten a better bag or maybe not even bring your phone at all. Think about it. If you were a thief who wanted to get a bunch of smart phones in one night without being caught, a nightclub like Hakkasan is like the gold mine!! Dark, smoke in your face when the bass drops, flashing strobe lights, drunk people jumping up and down not giving any f*cks.....yeah It's a thief's dream! So security is not to blame on your lack of keeping your things together. . . Atmosphere: Fancy & Posh. I think it looks like a spaceship. Stairs to the second floor are not the grandest, but hey...heals do that to you. . . Are your feet in pain from your shoes? Wear more comfortable ones. . . Price: It's all about the connections. I had a promoter who got my group (3 guys/4 girls) in FOR FREE on a Thursday to see Dada Life. I got into the club and saw that some guys paid $40-50. Some girls paid $20 to get in. What do you expect from a Strip-central nightclub? Don't like the price? Go to some off-strip nightclub or come on a weekday. . . My opinion is to not set your expectations so high that you'll walk in and not enjoy your night. Keep your things together, have a great group of friends, be friendly to the security guard and workers (hey, this is their job almost every night!), and enjoy Vegas!! :)
Not a club or EDM guy at all. Tagged along with a friend who is a die-hard Tiesto fan (of course he is). But I have to say my experience there was not at all how bad as I envisioned it. . . The stairs didn't bother me. I'm a guy in fine shape with flat shoes. But I can see how ridiculous they can get for girls. Hakkasan would recoup their $120 million quite a bit faster if they figure out an efficient people mover. . . Drinks were drinks. But it was hilarious that whenever anyone asked for a water (my friend included) they immediately pulled a mini Fiji from the fridge and charged $9. Ha! People talk about alcohol markups. Where's the furor over this?!. . The line moved quite well and waited not even 5 minutes. This was before midnight, though, so I can't attest on how they move people along during the "rush hour". But what blew my mind was that this was a club staff I did not hate. Really. I'm not sure if this is by chance or if the parent company of Hakkasan intentionally hired a friendly club staff, but holy shit could this revolutionize clubbing. Make people feel comfortable?! Get out. . . The one major drawback is the dancefloor. Holy smokes you could hardly call this a dancefloor. 1) it was small and 2) so packed you could hardly dance. It was more of a 'let's stare at Tiesto and feign exhilaration when he simply changes a song' floor. But I get it. All these places are packing their space with tables, I'm not mad about it. But when is enough enough? . . Anyway, I endorse.
I love the music here, but damn the drinks are SOOOO expensive! I think I spent almost 100 just on four drinks and I was like fuck, I should have done a pre game before I came in the club. I assumed we got VIP service because we got free entrance to the club, thanks to a mutual friend. We started dancing all night long, with glow sticks and we got front row to Tiesto. Watching Tiesto was fucking amazing. The crowd was INSAAAANE!!! You would make a new friend anywhere you went and it's easy to make random conversations. . . Great for dancing, great for music, great for anybody who likes fancy/posh places... Great to REALLY dress up if you feel like going all out.. This is not somewhere you could wear something casual unless you're a true hippie and you can get away with that :P
Whole lotta haters on here.  I can only assume that they don't hit the high end clubs in Vegas very often.. . If you're planning on hitting this club, all the standard rules apply. They will pack it wall-to-wall.  Their goal is to get you to buy a table.  If you're a guy, look good, and have lots of pretty little things hanging around you.  This is not the place to go if you're a group of nine and don't buy a table. . . Let me be clear here: It doesn't matter who you know, or what list you're on.  The only thing that matters is the money you are willing to spend.  The more money you spend, the better the experience.  Ever notice how the non-guestlist people get in first?  That's because they're paying.  Notice how the people buying the high end drinks get served first?  Or how the people buying tables get their own dance space and service?  That's right....MONEY.  . . Just. Like. Every. Other. Club. On. The. Strip.. . I went last weekend with my wife and other couple; we had a great time.  Yes, the common dance areas were packed, what did you expect?  For the most part everyone was friendly; we met several other couples / groups and had a blast.  Heck, we even befriended two of the bartenders who hooked us up with drinks and laughs.. . If you've been to Tao on a Friday or Sat night, this place is less packed and better designed.  Better vibe too.  Surrender at Encore is hella bigger, but mostly outdoors.  Same with Pure at Caesers.. . TL;DR - It's a good Vegas club.  Ignore the trolls.
The experience was saved for myself by the Ling Ling room. It's obvious that this club focus is EDM and I have realized that it is not my cup of tea after 4 hours. . . The crowd, drinks and lines were at my usual club expectation. But the bouncers, lights and various performers were great additions. So many witty bouncers who would dance to the music! . . My promoter told me to get there by 930 and I only waited 20 minutes. Now, with the first performance at 130 and the second at 4, you are asking a lot of me. So sadly I didn't see Aoki or Deadmau5, but the shirts and glow sticks handed out looked great. . . Nice club, good for a look, but I still have a soft spot for surrender.
Hip hop floor and EDM floor is separated for those that prefer different ones. I like the setting and decor and definitely had a good time here before I left Vegas the next day. Got 5 floors which they have an elevator for to bring us to each level.
My review may be a bit bias because my personal experiences here have been great, partially due to the fact that I am involved in the industry. The music is mainstream "EDM" and although its not my thing you have to remember you are in Las Vegas, if you want a spiritual musical journey go to a hippy rave in the desert, you wont find it here. That said, I don't think you will have the greatest time visiting this club if you don't plan on paying for bottle service. That alone will make or break your experience. Again, thats not something to complain about, it's Las Vegas and people visit the strip to celebrate and blow money. Its really not that tough if you have a group of friends willing to pitch in and commit to the night. Otherwise you'll probably spend the first half of your night waiting in a ridiculously long line and the second half of the night spilling your drink on yourself as security ushers you from one tight corner of the club to the next. Great place if you know what you're getting yourself in to.
To everyone complaining about how packed it was inside Hakkasan: you KNEW it was going to be crowded and packed as it is the newest and most hyped up club in Vegas.  If you wanted to check out this place without the crowd, then don't come here on a Saturday night!. . We came on a Friday night and were very happy to be here after a disappointing trip to Light.  I enjoyed our time in Hakkasan because we had bottle service for 17 girls on the main floor not too far from the dance floor.  Our bottle service area was spacious and not shoved up against another table.  There was a low platform in our area for extra seating and dancing. Our hostess was really nice, even when one of our girls accidentally knocked over our bucket of ice, we made sure to tip them extra for cleaning up our mess!. . I especially enjoyed the hip hop room downstairs!   The hip hop rooms in Vegas have always been smaller than the main rooms and Hakkasan is no exception.  The room itself is big but the majority of it is for bottle service tables only.  The dance floor is really small but they do have platforms throughout the room to dance on top which is where some of us were for a good portion of the night, mainly to get away from the super packed dance floor and still enjoy the music.  However my girls and I did get lost in here as I think there's only one way in and one way out, and when you're drunk it's easy to get lost inside!  . . Thank you, Hakkasan, for being the highlight our our Vegas trip!
We came here on Saturday before Halloween. It was PACKED. A lot of people dressed up in awesome costumes.. . Hakkasan has different rooms with small pathways and stairs/elevators. It is easy to get lost here. Every room is extremely crowded.. . The main floor is, of course, packed. There was no space between people. But we managed to stay on the main dance floor while Hardwell played. The music was absolutely awesome! They also had the 10K costume contest that night, btw and a show girl looking type of girl won that prize. pretty cool!
You must have bottle service If you are here.  It's extremely packed but. One hell of a fun time.  . . The music was great.  . . The tables have sections to store your purse and charge iPhone which is great. . . Be sure not. To order a bunch of water as we were charged 200$ Just for water.  Note the bill can add up like crazy ours totalled about 6k and we did not drink very much.  . . Either was crazy bill or not the dance floor was insanely packed but we had a great time,  our waitress was awesome and the bathrooms were clean!  . . I would go back for sure.
This time around I was on guest list and I came pretty late.  If you get in line by 1am, then you should be good to go.  This time around I wore a jacket because it was really cold.  This club's lame because they don't let you in with the jacket, you must check it in for $5.  That's so retarded.  Anyway, finally we got in and tried searching for our friends.  It took awhile because there were so many rooms in there.  My friends first hung out in the mellow hip hop room.  Guess no one really likes going into there.  Then when it was time for Dada Life to come on, we headed out to the floor.  Blow up bananas were flying all over the place.  And they were even handing out smiling masks.  It was such a fun night.  I've seen them life at Wet Republic, they're always great live.  Can't wait to see them again.. . If you don't like super crowded places, then this is not the place for you.  It's always packed.
Ive been to my share of nightclubs in vegas (some good, some bad), but Hakkasan is definitely one of the good places to go. The place is pretty popular so if you want to get in with nomajor issues I suggest arriving by midnight. My friends and I went this past Friday to see Dada Life and we were in line for about 30min going through the guest list line. Our promoter was Richie Laynes and he definitely made sure we would not have any issues at the door. Thanks Richie!. . Once we were inside it was insane! Like I said, the club is popular so once you enter dont be shocked if you are immediately jammed in a room full of people wall to wall trying to move in all different directions. At some point we even lost part of our group because the 1st room you enter is the Ling Ling Room and some thought that was the main room. Nope! The main room is one more floor up. But once I found all of my friends we were able to make our way up to the main room with no problems.. . The dance floor was packed so we went up to the balcony to watch Dada Life. Best decision ever! Even though the balcony area was full of people there was still room to dance and mingle. Getting a drink at a bar wasnt that bad either (however, be advised, drink costs are still in the $10-20 range).. . What really made a good impression to my friends and I though were the Hakkasan staff, specifically their security staff. Ive been to nightclubs before where the security staff thought they were the best people on Earth, but at Hakkasan the security guards were just like regular people. I got the opportunity to talk to a few of them as the night progressed and I cant say anything bad about any of them. Every security guard I talked to were just some of the most genuinely nice individuals I have ever met (and if you've ever been to a vegas nightclub you know this quality is a hit or miss pending on the location because there's a lot of fake people in vegas). So to Elaine Codilla and her security staff, thank you for making sure my friends and I were safe the whole night and for taking the time to talk to us!. . In the end, I recommend going to Hakkasan at least once while you're in vegas. If anything, do it just for their DJ lineup! Tiesto, Dada Life, Danny Avila, Calvin Harris, Fergie, Nervo, Moby, Steve Aoki, and Hardwell?! What?! That's insane!
Since my last review of Hakkasan, I've been back two times. I've been blown away by my experience and the customer service.. . After my I posted my last review and the bad experience I had, I was connected directly by their Director of CRM less than 24 hours later. Apologizing and sweetening the deal by giving me a comped table on a night of my choice. I looked at dates, saw when Dada was spinning and rallied the troops. To give a more fair and balanced view, I checked out Hakkasan one more time before my official return. . . Both times, I had table service, which I haven't had my previous trips. Hakkasan was a whole new world. It is everything you will want in a 5-star club experience. Excellent views of the DJ, beautiful cocktail hosts, lightening quick busser service, and the tables are equipped. They had every kind of cellphone charger in a drawer underneath the seats. There were drawers to store purses. Genius. Kudos! The night I went with Tommy Trash, there were free t-shirts given to us as well. I believe this is for select nights. Both of these trips, service was top notch, and I recieved a heartfelt in person apology for my previous trips.. . So, why only 4 stars... The layout. I just can't get over it. If you don't have a table, you have limited options. Upstairs it is quite roomy, but you can't see the DJs. The walkways are cluttered with people. There really isn't room for those without the pockets or the connections for bottle service. . . All-in-all, Hakkasan is a beautiful club, customer service is excellent, the DJs are amazing, the lighting is off the charts, and they went out of their way to apologize and right a wrong. It was greatly appreciated. I retract calling it Hakkasux.
Swanky and fun.  exit signs mislead you to mens bathroom! beware
I am glad I waited until I had 2 experiences at Hakkasan to write my review as opposed to writing it after my first experience. . . It is very small. You are constantly pushing through people. There are a lot of stairs too, that are really dangerous when you're even the slightest bit drunk in heels. . . The first time, we went on a Thursday and it turned out bad. It seemed like the crowd that night were all older people. Supposedly, I ended up getting into a fight with an older Caucasian male because someone pushed me and I bumped into his arm causing him to spill his drink on me and him. It got so bad that he came looking for me after I boldly told him to "shut the f*ck up," and then I had to push him out of my face. I ended up only staying until about 1:00 because I was so pissed. After that night I told my boyfriend I never want to go back because it's way too small and the crowd there is not ideal for a good time. . . The second time, we went on a Sunday for Tiesto and it was awesome. The crowd was better and of course, since Tiesto was there, it made a huge difference.  Their lighting is pretty decent but not the best. . . A lot I reviews say the bouncers are a-holes but I completely disagree. A lot of them help you down the hundreds of stairs and there is one bouncer, kind of older guy with a shaved head and glasses, who led us to a spot on the stars RIGHT in front of Tiesto and let us stay there the entire night. He even offered us mints. I wish I had heard him when he told us his name cause I would give him a huge shoutout. He's pretty much the reason I ended up having an awesome 2nd experience at Hakkasan. .  . Drinks are expensive but it's Vegas. You don't go to a Vegas club and expect to only pay $8 a drink. But to make up for the fact that a drink is almost $20, they basically give you a double shot. . . Overall, yes I would visit this club again but not on a Thursday and only if a good DJ is playing.
Like a better marquee cause it's not as packed!. . Honestly for me, nightclubs are not much different and I think people tend to judge how good the club is with how much fun they had. But fun is too unstable of a variable, what if your friend got too drunk and threw up everywhere and got you guys kicked out?. . So with that being said, I had the best time ever whoo hahaha. Lights are cool, confetti everywhere, cool crowd. . . Dance floor on 2nd floor isn't that big but still quite fun, plays EDM. There are tables that wrap around the dance floor. Upstairs, more tables, I'm going to guess they're cheaper than the ones downstairs and not as crowded since there's no dance floor, just tables and a bar.. . Didn't get to check out the first floor of the nightclub, which plays hip pop.. . Pretty good crowd here, met really cool people, thanks to the big group of guys that got me and my girlfriend super drunk whoo! . . If you're going to get a table, I suggest downstairs because the atmosphere is much better. You're close to the dance floor, sure you have to scream into the ear of the person next to you but it really contributes to the party atmosphere. The bouncers here essentially let you do anything you want if you get a table and keep the bottles coming.
it was a nice place and i had lot of fun here. cons: employees here are full of themselves and dumb as "F" ( I em sure most of them have done some time in prison.).  Pros: its new..            not run down..            got in right away..   Tips: look online to see what dj will be there. helps out alot!!!
