This is Vegas. Screw the strip, which just reminds me of Scottsdale. Fremont Street is amazing and the Golden Nugget is the best on the old strip. . . I spent a weekend here for my 30th birthday and was far from disappointed. My suite was in the newly renovated Rush Tower, which is sexy and exquisite. The staff was excellent, the room was great and the bed was insanely comfortable. . . There's some decent restaurants within the hotel, such as the Chart House and the Sushi joint near the Rush Tower. . . Also, um shark tank in the pool and a slide that goes through the shark tank?  Yes please. The pool is hard to get into, but that's most resorts in Vegas. Needless to say though, we still found spots without paying or making reservations and had a great time. The key in the pool is to hang out in the tunnel part behind the shark tank :)
You get more than what you pay for and the quality is good and the service great. I just gorged on plates of crab legs that were amazing. The waiters here are better than waiters in a regular restaurant!!!
Stayed here 12/26 - 12/28/10 and had the basic Carson Tower Room 18-117 which faces the strip, although there is a parking garage below.  I wouldn't want the "strip" view if you were on lower floors.  Looked just as the picture on the website showed.  Very clean room with upgraded bathroom.  I liked the decor and honestly, it's a great value.  Motel 6 costs more and wouldn't be nearly as nice.  Didn't bother trying to upgrade.  King Bed was really comfy!  Far walk, but I like being away from elevator so not a lot of people walking by --it's quiet.. . The GN website says they have robes in these rooms, but there were no robes (maybe you have to call and ask for them?)  There is an ironing board and iron and closet in the safe.  No in-room coffee.  . Beautiful light fixtures throughout.  Did not eat at GN so cannot comment on food, but I thought room service was pretty pricey.  One thing I like is that Golden Nuggest does not charge a RESORT FEE, which is becoming more common.  If you want wi-fi it is $12.95 per 24 hour period.. . Pool was heated by the shark tank and it was very pretty.  Very well-kept hotel. . . Love the "value" of Fremont Street versus the strip.  Went to the strip for one day and I really can't believe the price difference for everything.  Food on the strip is outrageous.. . On Fremont Street, went down to the Golden Gate to DuPar's for breakfast.  It is comparable in price to IHOP.  Spent $25 for two people for a great breakfast.  This place makes it's own preserves and muffins.  It was truly a delicious breakfast and probably the most expensive on Fremont Street, but quality here is A++.  . . Also had Paradise Buffet breakfast for $6.95 p.p. at Fremont Station?  (caddy corner across the street from Golden Nugget).  For $6.95 it was a great deal as it includes beverages.  Pretty decor.. . I missed strip atmosphere, but not strip prices and drove to strip myself.  Would definitely stay at GN again!
HOTEL: Loved it.  Stayed here just one night before staying 3 nights on the Strip at Ballys (12/20 to 12/24).  The hubs and I have been going to Vegas probably about 3 times a year for the past 5 years, but this was my first time staying at the Nugget.  The room was nice, but it's really the bed that gets the 4 stars --- I had no idea how seriously posh it was until we moved to Ballys, and the hubs jumped on the bed, belly-flop style, fully expecting the nice cushion like at Golden Nugget.  Ballys, not so much cushion, more like painful pool-belly-flop.  We got a pretty good deal for our stay, so for sure I'd repeat, especially if it were the summer and we could take advantage of the pool.. . SPA: Awesome. I've hit 4 other spas in Vegas (at Caesars, Venetian, New Orleans, and Treasure Island), and I loved this one.  The hubs surprised me with an early morning treatment, a prenatal scrub, which had me a little worried as to whether I'd really find it relaxing.  The facilities are pretty nice - you walk into a small-ish lobby to check in, straight off one set of elevators, then you enter one door into a larger area with upholstered chairs, coffee, and fancy water dispensers.  Then you enter through another door into a hallway, which branches off into a few curtained off areas -- part of leads to the steam + dry saunas (can't tell you about these since I couldn't use them) and also an upper level hot tub that looked fantastic -- dual staircase leading to this well-lit but soft lighting, with murals that look like curtains.  Sure, it could look more posh if they had actual draperies, but it's practical to have the paint rather than drapes in the steamy area.  The showers + vanity area is pretty large, the lockers a bit smaller but enough room for 2 chaises and 2 upholstered chairs, and a separate changing room (literally, a room outfitted so you can change in privacy).. . More importantly, my smoothie body treatment was fan.tastic.  Started at the legs + feet -- my skin is a little sensitive, so the scrub was a little more scrub-tastic than I'd have liked.  But holy cow, Linda was my therapist, and her work on my shoulders and back (by working on me as I lay on my back, and later on my side) was pure magic.  Again, I'm super sensitive, and sometimes shoulder and back massages can get painful, esp because of how much tension I'm always carrying -- but she did a great job, easily the best I've ever received, and I didn't even mention my sensitivity to her.  Although I'm sure if I had, she would have been immediately responsive, she was great.  Not too much chatter, just every now and then, which was great -- I'm not a huge talker, but I get that complete silence is sometimes weird.  I wish Linda could move to Austin.
The crown jewel of downtown Las Vegas, this is my favorite property in this area.  Here's why:. . - They remodeled the property a few years ago and upgraded their swimming pool area.   There's a water slide and multi level area to the pool....very cool to hang out during the Summer months.. . - The dining options are some of the best in the downtown area.. . - The casino is the cleanest, most well kept casino in downtown.  It's almost as nice as some of the Strip properties.. . - It's classy.  Despite being in downtown, the Golden Nugget has remained a classy joint.. . Will I return?  I meet friends and colleagues here for lunch on occasion, so I'm here 4 to 5 times a year....so you can count on it.
I admit when I drove up to the Golden Nugget I was worried about what I was going to get for my $89 a night room, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was nice. Really nice. I mean I've stayed at the Hooter's Hotel on the strip for the same amount of money and that hotel DID have the $89 feel to it. Of course, when you're on a budget, you'll stay anywhere and Hooter's is directly across the street from the MGM so you can't go wrong with that.. . The Golden Nugget is also in the heart of things, but not the things I'm used to seeing in Vegas. You're not going to see the dancing fountains of the Bellagio , nor will you see the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Hotel. Instead you've got a whole new set of attractions.. . There's the waving cowboy - known as Vegas Vic, Binion's horseshoe and the famous lights of the Plaza Hotel. And when you are there, you have to take in the Fremont Street experience. It's crowded, crazy and completely wonderful in a way that is only cool in Vegas. . . Don't worry if you are not sure where this is. If you're in old Vegas, you ARE part of the attraction. That's because it's right outside your hotel. Fremont is a covered street that becomes a canopy of lights after the sun goes down, and they literally rock out to Kiss's "Rock n' Roll All Night Long." . . Nope, you're not going to hear Celine Dion in Old Vegas. It's sex, drugs and...maybe a little bit of whiskey on the rocks - just the way the Rat Pack liked it. . . Then there's the Nugget. Built in 1946, it's one of the oldest casinos in the area. But don't be fooled by its age. It has a four diamond rating and is still classy. When you walk around the lobby, it's not hard to imagine Sean Connery there during the shooting of "Diamonds are Forever.". . Attractions in the hotel include the world's largest gold nugget (naturally) and a shark tank, but honestly, I was very impressed with the service and lushness of the hotel. It had the Wynn feel without paying the Wynn price. . . I must say, staying in Old Vegas was a gamble that paid off.
Kind of a last minute thing in finding a hotel to stay at while attending a convention.  Was thinking of staying on the Strip but prices were kind of high so instead booked here.  Pleasantly surprised by the ammenities and size of this place for the price (under $100/night).  Room was clean, staff friendly, casino decent.  If it was summer, I would probably partake in their nice swimming pool.  I would stay at this place again.
Priceline gave me a $69/night room in Vegas.  I did not expect $69/night to get me the level of luxury that I got here.. . This is as close to a 5-star hotel as you'll get.  You have bars, shopping, and entertainment.  Plus there's the casino, if you feel lucky.. . The rooms were spacious and luxurious.  It gets cold in Vegas at night, so come prepared.  The beds were massive and really comfortable.  Parking is bad here - especially when there are fireworks going off.. . I've been in $130/night Hampton Suites, and while they didn't nickle-and-dime you for breakfast or anything else like at the Golden Nugget; however, not much can compare to the value and luxury (I've said that word too many times now) of the Golden Nugget.
I love Downtown Vegas and I'm probably the only twenty-something year old that can say that. Before you dismiss me as a loser and stop reading, let me say that I've done the whole Strip thing. I've stayed at the Venetian, Aria, Planet Hollywood and MGM. I've partied at Tao, Playboy Club, Pure, LAX and Jet (although I feel like that last onedilutes my credibility a bit since I feel like the only people that go to Jet are old sluts of uber tragic status--but the music is still awesome). My point is: I get it. Your Vegas priorities basically come down to the sluts (both male and female varieties) and the fancy parties where these sluts congregate. Naturally, the Strip is where you need to be. . . While I do enjoy these things, I'm usually in Vegas with my family and taking Mom out to party with the sluts is not exactly my idea of a good time during these little family retreats. I've come to appreciate Downtown for everything the Strip is not: laid back, cheap and old school. We stay at the Golden Nugget because it's, by far, the fanciest of all the Downtown hotels.. . GN has gone through renovations quite a bit in the last few years and now boasts a small but still neat pool, the new Rush Tower and casino expansion. I've stayed in all three towers (Rush, Carson, North) with my family and with my girlfriend, and while the newest Rush Tower offers much snazzier rooms, rooms in the North and Carson Towers are still comfortable, clean and affordable.The GN casino seems to be the largest in Downtown Vegas, and I love the variety of games, as well as how friendly the dealers are. My Dad loves playing the Blazing 7 slot machines and of every casino he enters to play this game, the ones in GN reward him the most. If you want to learn how to play some of the table games, GN offers free lessons for some of them every morning. I learned how to play craps here and unlike other casinos that rush through the lesson and look at you like you're an idiot when you ask basic questions, the dealers here are patient and cool. . . I'm also from Hawai'i originally, so I love being within walking distance from the casinos that serve local Hawai'i food (Main Street, the California and the Fremont) due to the large population of Hawai'i residents that vacation in Downtown Vegas. And if you want to party but don't feel like getting decked out and spending some bills on the Strip, Beauty Bar is a pretty awesome dive bar in the Downtown area with some raw jungle/techno music in the back on Fridays and/or Saturdays... I don't remember which night I was there. I've been to Gold Digger Lounge within the hotel once, but sadly, it was kind of a snoozefest because everyone in there was over 40 and the music catered to the crowd so my hip hop bumpin' ass didn't really know what to do with their disco shit. . . That is all.
For 40 bucks a night on valentines weekend you can't beat it. The pool is awesome with a waterslide that goes right through a huge shark tank. Pretty cool.
Our trip to Old Vegas was interesting and the Golden Nugget was a great surprise. . . After checking out all of the Fremont Street Experience we got to the Nugget and were immediately impressed. We had heard that the Nugget was coming off a recently completed renovation and it showed. Everything was very new...the slots, the tables, the chips, the carpets, the pool, the restaurants...well some of the drink gals werent exactly new, but it was all very nice. We took a peek at the pool area and were really impressed by the shark tank water slide as well as the pool side tables with the dealers in lifeguard gear. We played some $5 blackjack which is always nice and messed around on the slots. . . Personally, I think that staying and playing here would be a great idea if you're not planning to leave here at all since Downtown is a complete and total shitshow and Im certain that in the near future we'll do just that.
This is a great hotel in the downtown Las Vegas area. It is located close to the 95/93 freeway so you can avoid the strip traffic en route to places outside of Vegas.   Our room in the Carson tower was large and clean. The bed was comfortable. The pool is great. The buffet is passable.  The jacuzzi could have been hotter and it would have been mice to have an adults only jacuzzi. There's a Starbucks in the lobby and a kickass steak house too. . . The best part is that you don't have to walk through the casino just to get from your car to your room. The crowds of 20-somethings celebrating their birthdays or bachelorette parties are down on the strip so you don't get the loud drunken partygoers yelling and being obnoxious. . . This is a great Vegas casino and hotel for the family.
We had a great time at this hotel. The pool, complete with shark tank(!), is the centerpiece of the whole place, and for good reason; it's awesome! The waterslide through the tank is amazing, but you're going so fast you hardly see the sharks. I thought it was even cooler to just swim in the pool right next to the tank...you're almost literally swimming with the sharks!. . The room was spacious and comfortable, the location on Fremont St (close enough to enjoy the fun but not so close that it's too noisy) is nice, and the buffet is pretty good (HUGEST piece of corned beef I've ever seen at the carving station).. . The spa and salon bring the Golden Nugget above and beyond. It feels like a Roman bath, and the staff and amenities provide everything you could possibly need. We felt so incredibly pampered!. . I've seen this described as the most elegant of the downtown hotels and I'd definitely agree with that. Would stay here again!
Aarg.  That's how my @goldennuggetlv review began - that's becauseI started it not long after checking in - that's when my internet hook-up problems which led to check-in issues began.. . But after that, I warmed to the Golden Nugget.  The location is great, the hotel/casino has plenty of gambling, pool and restaurant action and it's right off Fremont St.. . The pool area has a shark tank with the water slide passing thru the tank.  Obviously designed by a guy.... . Comfy beds, pretty good service, remodeled bathroom, good rates...solid in my book.. . Just make sure they swipe your credit card when you check in or you will have to go back to the front desk to get your wifi going.  #lame
After my nightmarish evening at the Plaza Hotel and Casino (see my review of that fleabag!) I checked into the Golden Nugget, and couldn't have been more happy. For about $15 more a night, the difference was staggering! . . First, the casino, lobby and elevators have been beautifully restored, and are clean and fresh smelling. The check-in staff was not overtly friendly, but still very polite and respectful. The offer of bellboy service was made, but in the age of rolling luggage, who needs that!. . I wasn't expecting much from my Gold Tower room, but was delighted to see how spacious and luxurious it was! Amazingly comfortable bed, nice furniture, giant flat-panel television, mini-safe for valuables, etc. The entry area was marbled, with the balance of the room carpeted. Everything was immaculately clean, and the room was fresh smelling but not laden with cleaning chemicals or disinfectant. The bathroom was smallish (hey, this is a very old building) but again, it was beautifully restored...marble tile, elegant sink/counter, shower with curved curtain rod and great water pressure, etc. The commode seemed to be rocket powered! WiFi internet access was a bit pricey at $12.95 a day, but it worked well and was very speedy. Now none of this was a fluke, as each of my three friends had rooms that were virtually identical.. . If I had to say anything negative about the room, it would be that sound isolation is not terribly good. It's not that I could hear people through the walls, but sounds in the hallway (doors slamming, people walking, etc.) definitely seemed quite loud. Again, this probably just goes with the territory in an older building. No big deal.. . That evening my friends and I took a quick dip in the pool, and had fun swimming up within inches of the giant fish and sharks in the central aquarium. It was fascinating to be so close to these beautiful animals. Afterwards we soaked in the jacuzzi for an hour or so, to unwind before going out to dinner. The pool staff was attentive and helpful...lots of clean, high quality towels were provided, and the wait staff was quick to bring drinks around.. . We spent a fair amount of time in two Nugget bars, I wish I could remember the name of them. The first has a large balcony that hangs out over Fremont Street, and it's a great spot to do a little "people watching." The second is a circular arrangement with the bar in the middle, and it had the most amazing band playing there. Just four piece (guitar, keyboardist/vocalist, drums, bass) but they sounded huge, their level of musicianship was tremendous and the singer really knew how to work a crowd.. . Honestly, I had no idea that downtown Vegas had a hotel of this caliber! When traveling for work, I usually stay at the Bellagio. Now the Nugget is no Bellagio, but you know what...it's really not too far behind! Anyhow, I definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who wishes to enjoy the "old school" Fremont Street scene.
Stayed here a few years ago and heard it is even better now. It was great before and so I can't imagine it now. There is nothing that I didn't like about this place. The only reason it isn't a 5 star is that I can't really remember gambling here.
Even though this is far off from the heart of Las Vegas (The Strip), the rooms are nice, the lobby is nice, and the pool is amazing! . . I don't like the fact they have sharks in the aquarium in the middle of the pool, but everything else they have is beautiful. The water slide is neat. . . Fitness is included and you're a step away from the Fremont Experience. It's a nice spot if you don't want to be surrounded by too many tourists.
SMALL BUT NICE!!!. . We are regulars to Las Vegas strip so I was kinda nervous to stay downtown. We found this place to be "The Place" to stay down on Freemont Street. This place was by far the cleanliest and most trendy on freemont. . . PROS:. We really enjoyed the freemont experience and tried some new things while staying there. Just watch your wallets and be aware of your surroundings. Gold Diggers at the nugget is neat if you sit outside. . . We thought our room was nice and clean and the pool is small but neat.. . CONS: . We had to pay for Wifi??? Wifi should be free now days!. casino is very small and the bar service is slow and at times very grumpy! . . OVERALL: . Worth staying at if you need to be downtown.......
Nice hotel downtown. I've stayed here at least 3 times. The pool area 'the Shark Tank' is pretty cool and one of the nicer and more interesting pools of the hotels I've seen in Vegas. . . If you're looking for a full Las Vegas Strip experience, you may want to stay at a strip hotel rather than the Golden Nugget, because taxi will be a bit pricey and not the easiest to catch on the strip during busy times. Bus takes a looooong time to get from the strip to downtown, and at peak hours you may have to wait a while to even catch one. Those are planning considerations, but as for the Golden Nugget itself, it's a nice hotel. Buffet's not bad.
Very impressed with the room look. Very spacious and accessible. Great prices and friendly staff.
poor in room Quality, but Close in Atmosphere.  The Hotel seemed more personal, not too extreme.  staff is friendly.  The gift Shop sales Liquor and I won $500 one night and $1600 the next on the same machine.
What a great suprise!  Was here years ago and the $40 million spent to renovate was very well spent.  Room was suite-like with 4 star quality.  Pool with shark tank amazing and service was better than I have experienced in a long time.  The quality is excellent without the pretentious attitude of strip hotels.. . Give Fremont another try and stay at the Golden Nugget.  The strip is a quick taxi ride away.
Great room (in the rush tower!) for the price! Love the location and would definitely return!!! Rooms were comfortable, shower was amazing! The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because they charge you for extras like internet and the gym- not that I brought my tennis shoes anyway, but I would have if it was free! Would have made me feel less guilty indulging in all the free (while gambling) drinks to know I could get over to the gym!. . Anyway, if you don't HAVE to stay on the strip- definitely stay at the golden nugget, you'll be happy you did!
stayed in the carson tower april 13 till the 17th. i think it is the older section, but the room was big and clean. all i needed. usually stay and gamble on the strip, but downtown has a much better blackjack game, and they comped us two nights for gambling which is almost unheard of anymore for me on the main drag. the pool here was great. not too cold, and it has a shark tank with a slide going through it which i liked. rented a cabana on saturday, and the hostess went out of her way to make sure we were happy with the server, food etc. she came by at least 6 times on her way through to check up, and i swear it wasn't because we were out of control....  food was great in the sports book area, the sushi place was good enough, but ate mostly away from casino so can't tell you much about the rest of the restaurants. my buddy took a good chunk of money from them on friday, and when i walked up, the pit boss was cheering him on instead of giving the evil eye ( which is what usually happens).. the cab from the airport was about $36.00 before tip, so not a good place to stay if you plan on sightseeing along the boulevard every day instead of staying on freemont.. overall, i will be sure to stay here next time i want to spend my whole trip downtown.
A great casino in downtown Vegas, with all the amenities and then some. A swimming pool with a shark tank slide? Yes, I said it. A larger hotel and casino yet enough excitement to get your into the Vegas vibe.. . Their sports betting area is one of the best in downtown so if you are an avid sports watcher, you might as well place a bet. . . The rooms are clean and comfortable. This hotel seems to always have specials on rooms. So instead of paying 100$ a night at a crappier hotel on the strip go downtown and stay in a nice hotel for under 100$ a night.
I've been to the Golden Nugget many times for drinks, gambling and whenever we are showing tourist friends around downtown.  This is without a doubt my favorite hotel downtown.  It's got an old school feel but it's been updated very well.   Very classy, yet affordable.  I love everything...the chandeliers and decorations around the hotel, the shark tank, the pool, the cocktail waitresses' outfits, the Grotto, the steakhouse-Vic and Anthony's, the gaming, the lobby and the easy in and out parking garage.  Although I've never stayed here, eventually I will.  My dad had high school friends come to visit.They all raved about the nice rooms and extra comfortable beds!  I've never had bad service in any area of the casino.  Very locals and tourist friendly...will be back, for sure!
Freemont Street wouldn't be Freemont Street without the Golden Nugget. Recently the Nugget was renovated, and I have to say it is looking pretty damn good. . . The pool is something that most definitely stands out. Not only because it's one of the few pools in the Old Town, but because it too was renovated and it has some exciting new features. To begin- Poolside Gambling- not a novel concept, but pretty sweet non-the-less; lounge chairs in the shallow waters of the pool- again not novel, but still pretty wonderful; and finally- an aquarium in the middle of the pool. Yep- that's right- I said aquarium. Complete with sharks and large fish the aquarium is seamlessly designed to sit in the center of the pool, and looks to be part of where you are swimming. To top that off- there is a water slide directly through the center of the aquarium that shoots you back out into the pool. Another bonus- if you're not staying in the hotel you can get a day pass for only $20, and it's well worth it. . . I don't necessarily recommend the nightclub, Gold Diggers, though. I did go there once, and it was a pretty shady crowd. Entertaining, but shady.
My kids and husband love the swimming pool.  It was uniquely build around this massive salt water aquarium with sharks and lots of big fish.  There was even a water slide that goes thru the the fish tank.. my 7 year old daughter loved it.  We would definitely go there again for the pool..  PLus for a weekday rate of $49/day it was a great bargain.
stayed here for the first time a couple weeks ago. In vegas I'm hardly in the room so I lean towrds the cheaper hotel chains. I could have stayed at a motel 6 for half the price but the awesome pool convinced me to pick the GN. I got a AAA discount which was great! check in was quick and easy and when I asked the young woman to direct me to the nearest place where I could get some juices or drinks she told me to help myself and pointed at a refrigerator they had near checkout with OJ, apple juice, cranberry juice, peanuts and candy! THANKS! the room was very nice and roomy. Our view sucked but hey i dont care too much for those things. We really enjoyed the pool except for the fact that its waaaaaaaay to packed and i learned you have to get there EARLY if you want a chair. however lucky for us some girls nearby left and we jumped on some lounge chairs that were in the pool about 10 minutes after we got there. tube slide is great not too many kids when we were there. I liked that they didnt let locals in as they ask for room key at the door. allows for more room for people who actually pay $$ to stay there since the pool is not that big. We enjoyed being away from the commotion of the strip for a night since freemont street is a bit less hectic. not very many other places i enjoyed going to outside the GN though. gambling is okay a few 24 hr shops and restaurants so that was good. starbucks is convenient too and room service was great! Pricey but hey its the experience right? Wouldn't mind going back again. Just wish the pool was a little bigger :/
I call this place the Bellagio of downtown Vegas.  Its by far the nicest of all the casinos on Fremont St without being stuffy or pretentious.  You also can't beat the new rooms or the pool here.  . . Sure there are a lot of fantastic deals for food on Fremont but if you want decent sushi or real seafood that isn't deep fried..this is the only place to go.. . Also if you're planning on gambling for a while..you might as well play at a place you actually WANT comps from!  What could you possibly want comped at Fitzgeralds?  Krispy Kreme donuts??
The 2nd most recognized and famous hotel in Old Vegas behind Binions. I've stayed here really in 3 stages in my life. As a kid my parents took my family here, as a freshly minted adult I came here and as a more mellow adult. 4 days 3 nights is a long time in Vegas. The hotel is nicely upgraded from how I remember it just 8 and 18 years ago. The newer rush tower has the nicer amenities, but the casino as a whole is nicely upgraded. The pool is open till 2 with tables, lounge, private cabana's and a slide that goes through their world famous aquarium. They now have a poker room that is pretty large and a club that plays top 40 for old couples and divey swamp donkeys. . . Pro's were price, nice upgrades like a Sushi restaurant, poker room, aquarium.. . Con's were billing, room AC, housekeeping, TV.. . Overall a good experience, a place that's a nice change of pace to the superficial, glitz and glam of the ultra modern super hotels of the strip.
We arrived expecting the other "Fremont Experience" - dingy hotel room, very few amenities, sketchy casino and slow nightlife. We just wanted a place to crash before heading down to the strip for the week. Since this was only my second time in Vegas and first time Downtown, I wasn't sure what to expect. It seems like everyone has something to say about downtown and many people said not to expect much.... . And when we arrived our room turned out to be two full beds. I haven't slept in a full bed since high school! For a moment, we were disappointed, but the room upgrades were affordable and WORTH the extra $. For the inconvenience, we were given a much later checkout time and some buffet coupons (that we didn't use, but we appreciated the gesture).. . Our upgraded Rush Tower room ended up being the NICEST place we stayed all week. First off, the renovations in the main hotel/casino areas are really great. Definitely check out the Chart House bar for a soothing view a gigantic aquarium and a cool lounge area. Beautiful glass installations throughout the hotel/casino and the pool is really great. Have to love the slide that runs through the "shark tank." Unlike many other places, the pool is open late. Such a great bonus! We didn't really check out the "Gold Diggers" club, but the chill pool patio is definitely the place to lounge, relax, and sip on a drink.. . Our deluxe room didn't have a great view, but had a comfy lounge area, gigantic bed, flat screen tv, office/desk area and separate toilet and bath area. We loved being able to charge/play our iPods on the in-room docking station, and the bathtub shower was perfect! Very clean and very upscale. Not at all what I expected, but we will definitely be back!
The Golden Nugget is the ONLY place I would stay if I were staying downtown again.  The staff was very freindly, the commute to and from the strip was easy and the place looks great!
I actually had never stayed at the Golden Nugget and I stayed here because I had to do some work not too far from here.  I got the rooms for $41 per night during the weekdays, which is pretty cheap to me.. . I was really impressed with the Golden Nugget.  The walkways are very clean and looks newly remodeled.  It doesn't look like the other hotels, like California (piece of shit hotel).  My room was pretty big (I got 2 Queens, but I asked for a King since it was only me staying there so I jumped from 1 bed to the other all night long).  The pool area is also really nice, since it's in the middle ofthe hotel and there are glass walls surrounding it so a lot of people can see.  In the center of the pool area, there is a shark tank!  There is also a slide that takes you through the shark tank.  Pretty sweet!  I'd definitely come here again
The Gold Rush tower is so cool, it has a massive fish tank right when you walk in. It's in old town Vegas, good for parents+kids..Big ol' water slide at their pool. I just like that they made it kid friendly and low key from all the crackheads and hookers on the new strip.
We had a king room in the Gold Tower and we were well pleased. Comfortable bed, clean, very nice. I like not having to pay a "resort fee". Yes, the wifi is an extra charge, but if you don't use it, you don't have to pay for it. At other establishments, the resort fee covers things like the wifi and fitness rooms. The pool is well described in other reviews, but it gets my vote for interesting. The meals we had in the hotel were good and reasonably priced. A medical urgency took up most of our time there, so I cannot speak to other amenities at the hotel. I hope to come back to enjoy more of The Golden Nugget and Las Vegas (this was my first time. )
This place was pretty nice from what I saw. I didn't really have much contact with the staff but they seemed friendly enough. I didn't really know what to expect from this hotel because I had never even been to Downtown before but it was actually pretty nice. It was really cheap and the rooms were REALLY nice for the price. It was just an average hotel though, nothing fancy or extravagant. . . The pool is what everyone is raving about, and yea it's cool that there's an aquarium in the middle, but it wasn't crazyy cool.. . This place is worth an average 3 stars but the extra star is for Irek, the bartender at the pool.. He Was Amazing!! REEALLLLY friendly to me. He remembered me after our first drink and even knew what we wanted! I came back the next day and he remembered me the next day! "Nice to see you again baby!" it was a really nice greeting. He wasn't young and trying to be slick or old and creepy, just really friendly and nice. He was from Poland or something and had a cool accent.He remembered our drinks from the day before and hooked it up!!! He was great, TIP GENEROUSLY! haha
Stayed here for a week at the rate of $40/night. I stayed in the Carson tower, man this place was a lot nicer than I expected for it being downtown. The place was clean, beds were comfy, just all around a very pleasant stay.. . The pool is awesome, I only checked out the tank and went on the slide, but they have a second pool for more of an adult crowd (16+) called the hideout, for those who want to get away from the hundreds of small children let loose in the pool.. . Maid service was great, the staff were all very friendly, room service was nice, no real complaints here. If I ever stay down town again I will stay here it's nicer than hotels on the strip I have stayed in!
Niiiiiiice! . . Did not know the Golden Nugget had been renovated! I heard they had a new pool, but did not know the whole place had had a face lift. It certainly has and man, it is looking nice. It is definitely a welcome change from the other casinos on Fremont Street.. . Inside there are nice colors, new carpets. There is a mellow orange/yellow/bronze theme going on. Nice chandeliers hanging from the ceilings, looking kind of art-deco-ish. Smokey smell is kept to a minimum as well! They probably put in a new air system.. . My relatives had three rooms here. One in the Carson Tower and two in the Gold Tower. Oh dayum, their rooms in the Gold Towers were great! All new furniture, flat screen TVs, nice beds. I can't comment on their room service or anything, but the rooms - definitely looking good!The room in the Carson Tower was much smaller, but still nice.. . I did not get to enjoy the pool, but from looking at it, it seemed a bit small to me. However, the water slide looks fun! And of course they have the aquarium with the sharks in it right next to the pool. Oh and word to the wise my relatives said there is a pool called the "Hideaway" which has less children and is 16+. . . I just really enjoyed my time in here over the weekend meeting my relatives.
Stayed in the Rush towers which are newer. Definitely worth the extra money because the rooms are modern looking and have a very nice bathroom. I love Fremont street. It feels so Vegas. . . The pool is not as nice as it looks in pictures. There were a lot of kids when I went so it felt like a water park.
I'm really glad I decided to stay here while in town for Punk Rock Bowling.. . The room rates were reasonable, our room was clean and comfortable, and the pool seriously rules. . . Can't imagine staying anywhere else downtown.
Remodeled and nice!!!! The smell of cigarettes wasn't as strong as the hotels on the strip and it seemed roomier. If I had to book in downtown, I would definitely book at Golden Nugget. Heads up, since it's remodeled, it's more expensive now!
Nicest place downtown. The Tank is friggin awesome. Fun for all ages
The Rush Tower of Golden Nugget is a must stay when looking for a place to spend the night when in Downtown Las Vegas. It has its own checkin area, separate from the regular Golden Nugget rooms. The room itself is amazing. It can definitely beat some of the rooms on the Stripe, and definitely the surrounding Downtown casinos. It's spacious. Comfy bed. Leather couch. Flat screen television mounted on the wall.. . But what I love the most about the rooms in the Rush Tower is the bathroom. It is huge! ("That's what she said!" jkjk) The bathroom sliding doors open up to a counter top that has two sinks. There is a tub/shower with a rain-fall style shower head. Another reason why I like this bathroom is because there is a separate room with a closing door for the toilet. So that way, the rest of the bathroom can be used while the john is being occupied.. . Last but not least, the pool itself should be reason enough to stay here. In their pool area, there is a three story water slide in which you can slide through a tank filled with sharks. How cool is that!
cons are its not on strip.. . if you are in the new"" tower you will be impressed. the rooms are beautiful, easily on par with the new hot hotels such as the aria etc... the casino isnt as nice but its not bad. . . this is an overall good place.
OUR WEDDING EXPERIENCE:  For the past 2 years, my fiance and I travelled to Las Vegas at least twice a year to visit family.  Each time we stay at the Golden Nugget.  So when the time came to plan our wedding, we immediately knew our location.  . . We contacted Silke in Sales and she provided us all the information we needed to choose the perfect wedding package.  They truly do have a package for all budgets!  Silke was with us all the way helping to handle many of the details including the ceremony, food, drink, favors, rooms for our out-of-town guests, amenities and many other items.   . . The wedding chapel is small but elegant and overlooks the gorgeous pool!  The banquet rooms are all fully equipped and tastefully designed.  The reception buffet was excellent!  All of our guests raved about it and though we were very busy, we did get to taste it and agreed wholeheartedly.  Since our group was relatively small (less than 40), we had a small wait staff.  Still they were impeccable in providing service throughout the entire reception and it was a relief for me to be able to enjoy the time with my new husband, family and friends rather than having to direct things every minute. . .  If I had to cite one negative aspect it would be that outside photographer and videographers are not allowed to shoot the actual ceremony.  The Golden Nugget does provide these services and they are adequate but we really wanted our own photographer to shoot the entire experience. . .  All in all, our wedding was as magical and beautiful as we'd imagined and the Golden Nugget gets a lot of credit for that!. . OUR SPA EXPERIENCE:  During our wedding/honeymoon  Initially, I visited the spa to have my hair and makeup done for the wedding.  Both the hair stylist and makeup artists were masters of their craft!  Please view the attached pictures to see their wonderful work!  . . I brought in pictures of three possible up-dos (created during a trial run with my hometown hairdresser) and The Spa stylist ended up creating a combination between the three!  She used all my own hair to create a full and elegant up-do!  . . As for makeup, I had no idea what I wanted and put myself in her capable hands.  I shared with her that my usual makeup is minimal: Bare Minerals and mascara.  Since this was a special occasion, she suggested a more dramatic eye and minimal cheek and lips.  Everyone agreed that the result was simply stunning!. . Our second encounter was during an in-room couples' massage (included in the wedding package we purchased).   The therapists were very professional and attentive to our preferences.  They were very skilled and we were both thoroughly relaxed by the end of the hour!  I highly recommend The Spa at the Golden Nugget!
What an awesome pool!  . . I stayed there for a training, which is kind of silly given that I am local.  The room was pretty decent and I was pleasantly surprised.  My husband and kids came to visit me one of the nights.  We hit the buffet and then the pool.  My daughter loved the fish tank.  She just wanted to hang out by it.  My son was a bit surprised of how fast the slide was.  We were all under the impression that you went a bit slower through the fish tank part, but the slide just shoots you through!  . . The food, not so good, in both the training and the buffet.  Yet, the room and the pool make this place worthwhile.
Wow - what a gem on Fremont!  I had to be talked in to staying here, and now will definitely go back!  I like the ease of walking around on Fremont as opposed to TREKKING all over the strip.  The 80s experience was a great time - I hope they continue to do things like that.  The pool area was awesome and easy to access.  Rooms were spacious and clean.. only drawback - food is better on the strip.
What a gem!  Last bit of class in downtown.  Great staff, clean rooms, great casino!!!  Plus if you are feeling like being a bit dodgy - all the finest in decadence (albeit trashy decadence) is only a stones throw away.  I'd definitely recommend this place, especially if you are on a budget!
shark tank
first time staying on fremont and i must say i was a little worried. out here for work and i can't be picky since work gets me hotels. Place is not bad I must say, wouldn't mind staying here again. Pool is cool, has a slide and aquarium. seating can be hard so get there early or not with a big crowd cause you will have to sit apart. . . give this place a try if you haven't stayed if the price is right.
Stayed there Aug. 26-29th.  Room was clean and roomy.  Casino offers a lot of entertainment and good food.  Beautiful shark tank in the pool area.  Conviently located down town on Fremont with easy access to the strip.  I highly recommend this place
The jewel of downtown Las Vegas hotels by far. We stayed in the older Carson Tower, but it's still way above any other hotel in this area. Staff was very helpful and friendly.
I got a chance to check out this Las Vegas gem last weekend when my friends were staying here. They were in the Penthouse suites at the top of the Gold Tower. Seriously recommend this place! They give you a special key to get to the top...provide free coffee and water in the morning, along with snacks all day long.. . In addition you can use the concierge service, VIP check-in (that actually acts like VIP check-in - as in, you go into a lounge to get checked in as opposed to schlepping through a line like everyone else). . . The casinofloor gets jammed, there are a lot of smokers, and the clientele tends to be *cough* fairly old, but other than those slight downsides, it's a lovely old hotel. . . The pool is fantastic, with a super fun water-slide that goes through a SHARK TANK! How can you not love it? . . Last but not least, I highly recommend renting one of the cabanas at the Hideout Pool on top of the hotel for the day. The cabana is only $100 for the day and they have very reasonable bottles. . . I'm coming back here again -- in fact I may move all my business here. Love the Nugget!
So since I moved here I really wanted to check out the Shark pool! I ended up booking a room at Golden Nugget one weekend and it was a good time. We checked out Fremont Experience which is always fun and always convenient to be able to just walk back to our hotel and chill. That night we checked out the bar at the pool. The upper level pool is open until 2am which is nice. We went for a dip and then chilled on a daybed and in the hot tub later on that night. The next day we got up bright and early to hit up the pool. It was before 10am when the actual pool opens but the area is opened and it was 70% full already! I guess people get there early to grab a seat! Anyway, the pool is really cool and the slide is pretty fun. It is pretty hard to see the fish and sharks when you are in the slide. Standing in the pool next to the tank is pretty crazy. Glad I checked it out!
Stayed at the Golden Nugget on a Sunday and Monday night in April. We had originally wanted to stay on the strip but, due to two large conventions, had to stay downtown. In hindsight, I'm glad we did. I researched Tripadvisor.com and noticed that the Golden Nugget had some pretty good reviews (the new Rush tower in particular). I am happy to say that the Rush tower did not disappoint. . . Room: Elegantly modern rooms, great room rate and a very good night's sleep. If you are willing to spend a few dollars more, per night, upgrade your room to the Rush Tower. It's worth it. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are very quiet (we stayed on the 16th floor with a strip view). . . Food: My wife and I dined at Lillie's Asian Cuisine, The Buffet, the Grille and Grotto. . Lillie's was pretty good. I had the General Tso chicken and my wife had the Kung Po chicken. Both were flavorable but the General Tso was better...I reccomend it. . On Monday, we had lunch at Grotto. This was very good. The Golden Nugget got a 4-star review from me, based on Grotto and the quality of our room. I had the Spinach-Pear salad and my wife had the grilled chicken and marinara sandwhich. Both plates were excellent. The Breakfast Buffet was pretty good. Nice warm plates and delicious omlettes. Out of all the places we dined in Golden Nugget, Grotto was, by far, the best.. . Overall, we liked the Golden Nugget and we will stay here again. The location is not near the strip. That is the ONLY reason why I did not give this establishment 5-stars. . . At night, we mainly gambled and hung out in the lounges downstairs. We watched the Freemont Street experience as well as the assorted bands, performers, costumed people and overall freak-parade. Never a dull moment at night on the Freemont!! We wanted to go party at Gold Diggers but didn't get a chance to.
4 stars, only bc the food here is lacking in tastiness....and there really isn't any good entertainment.  Other than that it is super clean, classy and decorated really nice.  I LOVE the light fixtures in this hotel (lobby & casino areas).  The pool/shark tank is pretty amazing and The RUSH TOWER is super nice & rooms are amazing.  No free internet/wifi, but I suppose no one really does that anymore...(except the cheapy hotel chains...i.e. super 8's....weird?). . Oh, & THE FREMONT STREET EXPERIENCE is right outside the front door, pretty fun place to people watch...(freak show...ha!)
Needed an economical place in Las Vegas for a couple of nights.  The Golden Nugget stood up and filled this need in a very good way.  Think about it . . . $47/night  (Priceline). . . a clean room and hotel, an amazing comfortable bed, good, I mean really good restaurants . . . read those reviews and a friendly and attentive staff  . . . and I tell you this . . . even if it is not on the Strip, well, Fremont street is just outside and this hotel has value.  I will be trying out some other hotels but I know that I am returning here after I try some other place and have hard experience to return me to the truth . . . this place delivers on value.  If I want the Strip . . . well it is just down the street.  Call me simple but sometimes I just want simple.  Enough said.
Nicely remodeled, clean and modern with very good rates. The pool area never really gets full sun and was always packed wall to wall. The only trouble is that you are in old downtown and far away from the hot spots. Allow an additional $20-$25 taxi ride to all of the big name modern casinos.
This is a Strip quality hotel that's smack in the middle of Downtown Las Vegas. This hotel has a little bit of everything and it does it very well. Fremont Street has that tank top and shorts kind of feel but when you walk into The Golden Nugget you kinda feel under dressed...That is unless you are going to their beautiful shark tank / slide / Pool / lounge area...They even have an okay night club that overlooks Fremont from a second floor deck called Gold Diggers. The hotels' prices a little high for Downtown's standards but you definitely get your moneys worth. If this hotel was on the strip they would easily charge twice the price. . You will not be disappointed with this hotel.
freaking coolest spot in vegas. f the strip. this place was the vegas from oldtimes ...when it was a classy place to go. well, maybe not. haha...but the kind of vegas that makes you want to dress up and go out and live life lavishly. definitely plan on staying here in the summer an taking advantage of the badass pool i covetously looked at while there.  big on glitz and shinyness
Love the Rush Tower.  Great looking room and a great price.  Comfy bed and chaise/sofa.  Bathroom, just beautiful.  Check out my pics.  Only thing missing is a mini fridge and free wifi.  That would've made it five stars.  But still a beautiful room, good bang for the buck.
Exceeded expectations. Very clean, hip room that was better than those I've had at much more expensive places on the strip. Nice staff. Great pool area. Didn't try the restaurants. The sports book was a mixed bag. If they could do a better job of running off the vagrants, it would be a very nice alternative to big, impersonal books like Caesars.. . Room tip: If you plan to go to bed before 2 a.m., ask for a room NOT facing Fremont. The street noise is loud even on upper floors.
This is one of my favorite Hotels in Vegas! Always encourage my friends and family to try it out atleast one/two nights of their stay! . . The casino is just the right size--not too big and not too small. The poker room isn't the greatest but its not the worst either! If you are gambling, servers are really good about bringing you beverages here at this casino! Rush Lounge, right off of the casino is awesome to just sit relax and have a drink while listening to some live music free! Make sure you get to see "Harry as Elvis" and his band play...They are GREAT!!! .  . There is an awesome sushi restaurant! Vic and Anthony's is a very yummy steakhouse if you're looking for fine dining! The Habachi Grill isn't bad either! There is a fabulous Chocolate Shoope in the lobby too when youre craving a something sweet! Dont expect anything too crazy awesome from a hotel buffet.... just saying... it is a buffet! . . The pool is very relaxing--lounge chairs you can sit in the pool with while you watch the sharks/fishy swimming in the tank! The pool area is relatively small considering some of the other hotel's pools, there is plenty of shade or sun if you find the right place. Drink girls are walking arounc constantly with food and drink items for sale--you can play blackjack and watch some ESPN poolside. There are children running around due to the slide that runs through the center of "The Tank" But besides this... it's not a bad pool. . . Located in Downtown "old vegas" on Freemont Street. Freemont street is it's own world! You will see it all here! This is where you will find all of your impersonators, talent acts, show girls, girls dancing on the tables, etc. etc. Here you will see what you expect to see in Vegas!
the wife got here boot beer here which was cool and we had breakfast here as well pretty nice for a older place in vegas i prob would stay here even.
The Golden Nugget is home to the largest gold nugget ever discovered and guess who found it? A random man who was digging outside his trailer home. I think an elf brought some luck to him one night. Now I wonder where that man is now! . . This casino represents old Vegas amd does a great job protraying it. It reminds me of a casino in Tahoe.  The slot machines are older but work well, the staff is friendly and its a no frills casino meaning that it provises gambling and that is about it! But it's a great spot and definitely worth visiting!
Have stayed at the GN twice in the last two years.  It has failed to disappoint each time.  It is incredibly impressive how so much is crammed into such a small footprint (compared to the strip).  The restaurants our fantastic, including Vic and Anthony's a premium steakhouse.  The gambling is part old Vegas and part strip.  The dealers are professional and helpful and the attitude of the entire staff is nice and welcoming. . . My adult son and i enjoy the downtown location because other casinos are a mere short walk away.  Downtown is getting its own bar and restaurant scene making it a tough choice to venture to the strip.  '. . During the summer, the pool can be crowded - but it is a stop all its own because of the shark tank.  A water slide through the shark tank! . . Highly recommend the GN for a true Las Vegas experience without the hassle or up charge of the strip.
If you're going stay in downtown Vegas, the clear and only choice is the Golden Nugget. Traveling alone on personal business (summer 2011) I stayed in the Rush Tower and was impressed with the room for such a reasonable price. The Nugget's recent remodeling was evident in the casino's fresh decor and updated look, the room was comfortable, quiet and offered a nice view. The bathroom and shower weren't gross. . . Service from the hotel staff and front desk was mixed on my stay. I guess they can't read the 'Do Not Disturb' sign. Don't attempt to call the front desk they don't pickup. The internet service was wired and getting logged on was a bit of a mystery. Room service was good but food was outrageously expensive. Don't look for a coffee pot in the room, there is none, so expect to wait in long lines at the Starbucks in the lobby or hit downtown on foot. Finally, my late check out was not communicated to maid service. . . Regarding location, the free parking garage is convenient to the hotel but located on the wrong side of the building, the GPS got lost and so did I. Downtown Vegas doesn't bring the allure and attraction of the Strip, but the Nugget is very convenient to Fremont street's 'experience'. Several bars and clubs have opened downtown so there's bit more to do than just sit in a casino. The neighboring casino's, however, are pretty much garbage and not recommended.. . The Nugget's huge pool, shark tank, restaurant are cool attractions, the property and amenities are impressive. The attached upscale steakhouse gets good reviews but I didn't hit on my brief stay. Gaming tables were fine, signage and directions around the casino and hotel are weak - meaning you really have to look for them. Minimums are lower downtown and I know the slots are cheaper and known to payoff more than the Strip.. . If you're looking for that Old Vegas feel while not having to compromise on luxury at a reasonable price, the Nugget is worth checking out.
My favorite hotel in downtown Las Vegas.  It went through recent renovations and looks amazing.  It doesn't even stink of smoke that bad.  Check-in was easy.  The room was clean and spacious.  The heater worked well and quickly, which was handy in chilly December.  Free toiletries of shampoo, conditioner and soap.  There was a vanity area with a magnified, lit up mirror.  The only garbage can was in the bathroom.  Coffee maker in room, but the coffee comes in a 4 pack which is $10 if opened.  It's a better deal to just stop into the Starbucks downstairs.  The flat screen TV looked nice, but we never turned it on as we were busy having fun in Las Vegas.  . . I kind of wished the girl at reception wouldn't assign us a room that was in the process of being cleaned when we actually went up to it.  Also, a mini-fridge would have been cool, but the ice maker was right down the hall.. . Parking is free for guests.. . This hotel is conveniently free of hot messes, but Fremont street is adjacent if you're looking for some freaks.
I always love this place. When I'm in Vegas, this is like my home away from home. The standard rooms in the Carson Tower (formerly the South Tower) are just fine. But it's worth the extra money to upgrade to the Gold Tower (formerly the North Tower). The furnishings are better, you'll get an extra TV in the bathroom, and the location is right off the casino floor. This may not sound important, but all the walking back and forth really adds up. It's nice to step right off the elevator and be in the middle of the action. If you want to upgrade even more, stay in the newly constructed Rush Towers (bordering Carson St, on the Clark County Detention Center side of the bldg.). It's a bit of a walk from Fremont Street and the main part of the casino, but the rooms are absolutely stunning with great views of the Strip and surrounding areas. . . I often travel solo for business and find the Golden Nugget is one of the best places for solo travelers. All of the employees are friendly and there are numerous places to eat. I tend to flock towards the H2O Lounge next to the Chart House restaurant. There you can sit at the bar with other solo travelers and enjoy some fresh cooked meals brought right to you from a Chart House server. I've tried several dishes and above all would recommend the Macadamia crusted Mahi. Also love the East Meets West Tuna and Coconut Crunchy Shrimp. I had the Lobster Grilled Cheese and it was good, but a little on the soggy side. . . I'm not a pool person, but this pool is so nice I usually pay it a visit. Sometimes I'll just lounge out there in jeans (when it's not too hot) and enjoy the music and sounds of happy tourists. They also have outdoor blackjack right by the pool if you're in the mood. . . Other amenities include not one but two Starbucks. An excellent sushi restaurant called Red Sushi (they stole the chef away from the Rio's sushi bar). Grotto, for some excellent Italian at a decent price. And the Carson Street Cafe for an eclectic mix of quick food (ideal for breakfast). And you absolutely must try Vic & Anthony's Steak House (see my separate review on this outstanding establishment).. . You usually receive a coupon book at check-in with match plays and decent discounts off the restaurants. There are usually some other surprises in there as well. . . All in all, the perfect place to call your Vegas home away from home. So why not five stars?? Only one reason: the check-in line can be extraordinarily long - like an hour or more. I know a lot of people have complained about the long waits. I wish they would fix this problem, but that is the only drawback. If you can get VIP check-in, this place is a five star joint in my book.
Best hotel rooms downtown (by quite a bit). Best restaurants downtown. Best pool downtown (by a million miles). Worst gambling downtown. . If you want strip fancy check into the Rush tower which are usually $100 or less a night.  The old south tower can be less than $50 a night.. . Good buffet, nice Italian restaurant, two great steakhouses.  I've stayed here at least 10 times, butgamble other places.
Though a frequent visitior to LV, hadn't visited let alone stayed "Downtown" in at leat 10-15 years.  Wow, have things changed. Love the way they made a covered pedestrian mall out of the main street.  Not only feels and is far safer to walk around, it makes it fun and interesting, especially at night when the covered 'ceiling' turns into a giant projector screen and lots of good music.  As for our stay at the Golden Nugget, we were equally impressed.  While no doubt it cannot be compared with the top hotels on the Strip, it is nevertheless reasonably classy and quite comfortable.  Best of all it is a very good value, and they treat you far better than the Strip (i.e. far fairer and more generous in 'rating' you for comps).  Definately a good alternative when you want a change of scenery from the Strip.
stayed in the carson tower...room was excellent, clean and in great shape except for an odor that come from the sink..a sulfur smell???  comfortable bed, great pillows and a good nights sleep...staff at hotel was friendly, easy check in...the carson tower is a bit of a walk from the main casino floor but worked out well since we ate lots of food while we were there...freemont street at night is not to be missed...Americana at its best!!!  overall a great stay and we will surely be back...buffet was just average at best...
I love the Golden Nugget! My parents decided to surprise my brother and I with a trip to Vegas last year. They told us that we were going to Flaming Gorge Wyoming to stay with some friends for the weekend, and we totally believed them. I should have suspected that something was up when they told us that Wyoming was the exit before Vegas, but I didn't. We pulled into Vegas and my parents toldus that we would be spending the weekend there instead, and I was floored! I consider Vegas to be my second home, so this was the perfect surprise. . We checked in at the Golden Nugget and our room was pretty nice. We stayed in the old tower because my parents are cheap, but I have no complaints. The beds were nice, and everything seemed to be clean. We spent two nights there, and spent a ton of time in their amazing swimming pool. They have a huge water slide that goes through a shark tank! The only thing I have an issue with is how freaking cold the water is. The cold water is what made this review only 4 stars. You can rent out a cabana, or if you are 21 or older, you gain access to a special "adults only" pool. Hopefully that one is warmer!
Nicest casino in the Fremont Street area. Some good restaurant and bar/lounge options that are nicer than the usual options that are caked in decades old cigarette smoke and grime. If I'm going to stop into a casino around here for something other than the usual cheap Fremont Street options, this is the place I go.
After visiting Vegas almost a dozen times I finally wandered my way over to Old Vegas, and specifically the Golden Nugget. I had low expectations of this place given the glitz and glamor of the strip. The hotel lobby and casino felt classy and cool. I can't speak to what the rooms looked like. I did make a quick stop by their pool, no hassles (and no room key) I just walked right in. It was so cool, they had a water slide that turned transparent as it goes through a shark tank filled with real sharks, you have to see it to believe it.
I have a soft spot for the Golden Nugget. Maybe it's the shark tank that you can ride a water slide through or just the old fashioned marquee lights, but it feels outlandish in a way that I can appreciate when coming downtown. Plus, they have clean bathrooms and ATM's that don't charge astronomical fee's.
Booked one night at the Golden Nugget during our recent trip to Vegas.  We couldn't get in anywhere on the strip for our first night, so we thought to give downtown a try for the first time ever.  Boy am I glad we did!  We LOVED the Golden Nugget!  . . First off, the valet service was nice, especially since it was free.  Check in was easy and we were able to get a room on a high floor not near elevators/ice machines, which was a plus.  The only negative was that we weren't in the newer (Rush) tower and came to find out it wasn't much more to stay over there... I wish someone had offered it to us.  Nonetheless, our room was really nice and clean, the bed was comfortable, and it was a good size.. . We LOVED the pool area.  Though it was a bit chilly to swim, it was nice to sit outside, listen to music, have a drink, and be near the fire pit.  I do wish they had more more pits though, because it was usually packed and didn't allow for more people to partake in it's glory.  . . Even though we only stayed one night, we really enjoyed the atmosphere of the Golden Nugget.  There are two starbucks (a huge plus for me) and lots of restaurants to choose from at this hotel and at nearby hotels.  It also is nice that this is the place for cheap gambling (fremont st.).  We'll be back for sure!
I love you Golden Nugget!! I played Craps here for the very first time and won 300 bucks!! I cannot wait to go back again!! See you in April!!
Service was friendly and helpful ,  we had a problem with our shower the first night but it was fixed quickly and we were thankful we did not have to pack up and move to another room.  Robert at the bar is the BEST  Bartender  so funny and knows alot of good places to eat :)   ask him about Chic filet :)
The best hotel/casino down town no question. The place was remodeled and a new tower opened last year that brings this place on par with some of the "big" players on the strip. Simply stated, it's beautiful. Was there last night and the scene was quite lively without being packed. Had a great dinner at their steak/seafood restaurant, The Chart House and drinks at the Gold Digger, a club that overlooks the pedestrian mall, The Fremont Experience. Ended up seeing a punk band and dancing to a country band in the upstairs nightclub at Hennessees down the street. But that's the great part of being down town, everything is in an easy walking distance. If you've always hung on the strip during your Vegas jaunts, give the Nugget and down town a chance, you will not be dissapointed.
I'll give this a 4 and I didn't even stay there.  Old school fancy cool.  Cool fish tank with slide that goes through it.  Fremont street is hopping at night with live music and a light show every hour.  I. Think this might have been one of my better stops because all hotel and casinos seem the same after while.  Not this one!
This hotel was great. Its not on the strip though. Its actually downtown. It has a old charm to it sort of reminds me of old Hollywood. The pool THE TANK is amazing. This hotel is filled with elderly people though. I'm only 25 but the older people didn't bother me at all. As a matter of fact I'd rather be around them at the end of the night then a bunch of young and loud kids. This hotel is truly like home away from home. When your all worn out from the excitement from the strip hop in a cab, pay about $20 to get back to your hotel oasis! This was my first time in Vegas. The buffet was GREAT as well! The valet service was impeccable. So helpful!!
We stayed for two nights, we spent most of Saturday at the pool, it was wonderful.   We had not planned on staying the entire day pool side but hour after after hour we found more things to enjoy.    The room was okay, we were staying in the older tower but we spent very little time in the room.   The hotel had everything we needed and it was very very easy to walk out to Fremont Street to pick up anything else we needed.   We went on the zip line, we had a plan to meet up with a young group who had been staying on the strip, it was easy to meet up in the ice bar and walk down to the zip line area.     On the way the youngsters noticed all the bargain prices on drinks and so they ended up spending the afternoon drinking and gambling on Fremont Street, three of the gals won jackpots so it made it nice to see that they were so happy, being that they were new to gambling.    The reason for 4 stars was the grill was always slow when I went to order items for pool side and the room was old style.    We had a blast, next time we will ask for the newly remodeled tower.
this has become our favorite staycation place.  We can get a really nice suite for under $200 and have dinner somewhere nice like the Chart House and it becomes a pretty reasonable getaway.. As for entertainment...an after dinner stroll along Fremont Street is hysterical...but a bunch of weird people!  The East Fremont scene is cool to see, but too young for me.. The Nugget's Rush Tower and Spa Tower rooms are a great value.
Old Vegas. Some people love it, and other people....act like it doesn't even exist.. . I happen to be one of those people who love it.. . So cheap. So tacky. And such a blast.. . Sure, modern Vegas is great & fun, but you can do so much more for so much less on Fremont Street!. . . The Golden Nugget is where you should stay if you're into hanging out on Fremont Street, hands down.. . Myself and 3 other people stayed in one of the Rush Tower deluxe rooms. And the room was fantastic. 2 Televisions, a fantastic bathroom, 2 couches....... . ...but only one bed.. . When I reserved the room, the website said it was for up to four people and had the option of getting two full beds.. . When we arrived they told us that was an option, but not a guarantee.. . Normally this sort of customer service would merit a god awful review.. . But....they have a slide that goes through a shark tank!. . And as I said, the room was very nice for the price, especially for 4 people. There was plenty of room to sleep on the couches...but when you're two couples, it's a little less than ideal.. . But if you're going with a few friends or if that doesn't bother you, then go for it. No regrets staying at the Golden Nugget, and I definitely would do it again. My only complaint is that I wish they'd be a little more honest with their online reservations.
I've stayed here, I can't remember the tower but the rooms were huge!. . I haven't seen all the other hotels rooms but I'm guessing this was one of the nicest.  It was clean, with a nice tv, and a vanity mirror.  Lot's of room to store your luggage around and a table and chairs to relax in.. . The casino itself is probably the closest thing you're going to get to emulate the strip that it not actually near the strip.  It's big and there is always action going on here.  I tried coming at like 4 in the morning to get on tables here and the lower limits are still always crowded.  Limits here are normally what the strip has, $10, $25, ect.for BlackJack.  Craps tables are always full, and the slots are going non-stop.. . If you want the closest thing to the vegas strip, without being on the strip, I suggest you come here.. . And they have a Shark Tank that people can ride a water slide through.
"Love this Freemont Street downtown hotel". . We love this place. The staff is wonderful! It's also easy entertainment downtown, everything is so much closer than on the strip. They have live music on Freemont Street almost every night and you can go in and out of other casinos and restaurants without the cost of cab fare.. . The only complaint we had was the room doors close really loud -- you can hear them slamming all day and night, far louder than the Freemont street experience.. . Liked -- 2 starbucks on site. Disliked -- doors slamming loudly. Stayed many times, traveled as a couple
I must start my review by stating that I stayed on the strip, but visited the Golden Nugget during my stay and was pleasantly surprised. This place is beautiful!!! My heart skipped with joy and delight over this Legendary landmark.
What happens when you take twelve young professionals (swanky title I know) on a hot summer day to a chill-out lounge with cheap drinks and a shark tank?. . Well, it's hard to say, but best experienced!. . Downtown Las Vegas does have its share of hidden gems, and the H20 Bar in Golden Nugget is certainly one of them! While initially going in just to see this indoor water slide, my group of friends decided to stay here and chill by the poolside. The pool area offers up beach chairs, towels, and plenty of space to relax with your friends. There were areas where we could put our feet into a hot steamy tub, which was strangely fitting even on a hot day.. . To top it off, the drinks here were great! Smoothie drinks with shots of 180 octane for only $8... you can choose from flavors including Strawberry Lemonade. We each got a drink and took over a whole area with couch pillows and waterside views... and with more alcohol comes more rowdiness than a whole day club could handle.. . Had a real good time at Golden Nugget. The nugget itself was much more interesting after knocking back two or three smoothies. If you're looking for an affordable place to relax and kick it with your friends, that's not crowded with other drunk tourists, then Golden Nugget H20 bar can be a great alternative for you.
It was my first time staying at the Gold Nugget. It was nice considering what I have herd a about downtown. The casino itself was much more well ventilated compared to some of the other ones downtown. I did not play any table games but the few machines I did play where just okay. It has a smaller selection of penny slots compared to other downtown casinos. . . The room is nice (not that I spent a lot of time in the room). One of the more interesting things I noticed about the room was how modern it was. The alarm clock and tv looked brand new. The room lived up to what the pictures where shown to be. One of the more interesting things I noticed about the room was that the bathroom door had no lock on. This likely isn't a big deal if you are going with someone you trust but it could make for some interesting surprises.II didn't watch the tv with the exception of the end of the NCAA title game and the TV picture quality was quite poor but only on that station oddly enough. . . The only other thing that I didn't care much for was that where my room was located you could hear all the action at night/early in the morning. I just turned on the AC unit todrown out the noise as it was rather mild at night. . . Overall would stay again. I had no other issues. I didn't do any real eating or gambling at the nugget. Much better casinos downtown for that..
pretty awesome place to be if you are gonna hit Fremont Street. this is the only place i gambled while in Vegas and i won a good sum of money without losing any the whole time. the people that work there are nice and very helpful too. everyone from their security to the janitors to the dealers were professional and had their shit together. im going back here next time im in vegas.
Hmmmmmm. I just commented negatively about the Golden Nugget in my review of Sam's Hotel and Casino. Golden Nugget has the following going for it.. It's shiny.. They treated the developmentally disabled clients I was chaperoning and I with respect.. TWO starbucks. . The buffet is good. . However, it's too smoky and the baggage collector was snooty, both of which are petty to report. However, if the $ is being forked over, one expects patient baggage collectors and breathable casino's. I assumed they were all smoky because of the Nugget. Then I went to the Luxor.
I loved the Golden Nugget!! For someone that doesn't like the Old School Downtown Vegas feel, you probably wouldn't like it here. Downtown Vegas just has a different cooler feel to it. There's not a bunch of ho/douche bags walking around and there is tons of stuff to do still. I stayed here for my bachelorette party and we rented a cabana for the day. Best thing we could have done. It was perfect!! It was back in August (scorching hot!!) so we needed the shade. It wasn't cheap but it wasn't that much either considering how much you get. Loved the pool and the slide! Very cool feature. . . We stayed in the gold tower and the rooms are gigantic! Only thing that bugged was no wifi which I seriously don't understand with Vegas...bleh. Club there sucks!! Do not go...you will be disappointed. But, other than that, there is plenty of bars on Fremont Street to go to and plenty of restaurants. They have a Chart House and a steak house. Not too shabby!. .  I did get VIP check in but didn't realize where you do that and stood in the normal check out line for 30 minutes before realizing it was in a smaller room hidden on the side...really??  Oh well. Valet parking takes forever too but that's expected with Vegas. I will definitely be coming back with my hubby this time! :). . OH YEAH, almost forgot!! They have an "adult" pool on the top floor (16 and older) that's open til 4am!! That was awesome!!
This is the hotel that was picked for me for my first visit to Las Vegas.  My accommodations were plush, and it was located in a great area of Vegas.  No, it is not in the famed "Strip" of Vegas, but there was plenty around to see and do within the hotel, as well as outside the hotel.. . If you stay here, bring your swimming trunks and do the fish tank slide.  That was my first time ever going on a slide that let you go through the middle of aquatic life.  Sharks and other swim type creatures don't even mind you gawking at them as your body goes unnaturallyfast past them!. . There was a nice light show on the ceiling of the walk way that night, which was a treat among itself.  The hotel is located by huge hot dogs, fried Oreos and Twinkies places and several buffets, so you can enjoy yourself here without being on the strip.. . Oh yeah, the room was nice as well!
The Golden Nugget has always been my favorite Downtown casino, before and after its remodel.  It still has the glitzy neon facade from yesteryear, but it now has a modern decor inside.  There are interesting furnishings and lighting and the color palate is aesthetically pleasing.  Oh, and did I mention there's a water slide that goes through a shark tank?. . The only downside to this landmark is that it gets so, so, so crowded.  Any efforts they may have put into a ventilation system to filter the cigarette smoke gets thrown out the window with the wall-to-wall tourists packed in the place.
We stayed at a cheaper room in the Gold Tower.  It was very nice.  Really I am surprised is hell th at I have no complaints.  This place was pretty damn decent.. . Oh yeah here is the complaint.  You see on hotels.com that the room price is $68 but with all of the stupid fees the room ended up costing just over a hundie.  Everyone in Vegas seems to do that though.  It is a complete frigging scam and should be disclosed as part of the price.
Still in a daze after our bizarre saunter into Mermaid's across the way, we walked into Golden Nugget.. . My friend said they have an awesome pool area with a giant aquarium.... . We went straight to the pool area...we almost didn't get in because the area is for hotel guests only, but we talked the security lady to let us so we could play at the blackjack tables by the pool.. . My friends are avid gamblers, I am not...so I stood behind their chairs as I witnessed them lose about $700 :-(  A couple of times, I was slammed into by kids running on the wet pool deck after they slipped and slid into me...lol Thankfully I had drank their god awful mai tai and didn't flip out too much. . The cocktail waitresses are kind of clumsy, one spilled a drink on my friend, but thankfully it was really hot that day and her dress dried pretty fast. The only thing she did was to half heartedly apologize and bring a couple of flimsy kleenex to help...by the way the drink she spilled on my friend was meant for me, the gross mai tai.. . This is probably one of the nicer hotel/casinos on Fremont.
Third stay (probably fourth , but there are some memory problems)! Decided to spend a few bucks and stay in the Rush corner suite. Room is nice,2 flatscreen TVs, nice bed , sitting area, bathroom with separate toilet area. But seriously, no fridge? Coffee not free, like in gold rooms - keurig but 4/$10 kinda of rip off considering. Water $7 bottle of Fuji  - I guess Californians would consider it a bargain. But this is a suite, folks.. . I have to say - I work in the service business. Deal with assholes left and right, and a tremendous amount of great people constantly - so I know the difference . The first 3 or 4 people in the door makes the place. I ran into more blank stares here than I am used to. I wanted a rose and bottle of champagne delivered to my room so I didn't have to ask for it in front of my fiance at check- in. I was told it could not be done. In Vegas? Just wanted to request it before I got there - thought it  wasn't a big deal. I went to the H20 bar upstairs to avoid kids (people please take your kids to circus circus or Florida - not Vegas!) . Was told at 5 pm the bar was closed - the adult pool bar on Friday at 5pm. I thought that's when bars start  hoppin. Went to downstairs bar where glasses guy (you know who you are , douche) was the least happy guy in the place to serve me. paid $15 for a drink and a beer.  Then got a towel and hung out at The Tank. A great place for a ginger - plenty of shade. Reserved a cabana for day 2 - $175 but well worth it. Went to the Grotto for a snack. The waitress, I believe her name is Robin, was the first friendly face at the Nugget. Wow, I could have hung out longer. We had the mussels marinara, and she brought us extra sauce and bread. Kept the beers a comin'.. . Day 2 was much better. Trust me people, you must rent a cabana. We had beverage and food service and TV and a fruit plate. But the speaker outside was deafening with the Vegas top 10 songs over and over and over. I finally disconnected the wire to it and the day was peaceful thereafter. Our waitress was cute and checked in plenty of times. We are definitely Cabana People now. . . All in all , we like the Nugget, but it really seems dated in a downtown of dated hotels. But the rooms in the Rush Tower are pretty sweet, no pun intended. I think I am tired of downtown. I think I prefer the drunk a**holes along the strip compared to the freaks and homeless downtown. But if you stay downtown, the Nugget is the best place to stay.
If you are on a budget and visiting Las Vegas this is the place to go.  It is one of the biggest hotels on Fremont and had millions of dollars worth of renovations over the past few years.  Most friends I bring here are shocked that such a nice hotel is not on the strip.  The pool is my favorite part.  This is where you find the shark tank with a water slide that goes right through the middle of it!  It is a site to see for sure.. . And if you are not staying at the hotel the price of admission is only $20, which is not bad compared to so many of the pools on the strip.. . The downside to the hotel itself is because it is not on the strip the air quality is not as fresh.  If you are a smoker this will not be an issue, but if you are a non-smoker this could be a nuisance.
My kids and I love this place. If you're looking to do Vegas, but don't want the headache or prices of the strip, it doesn't get better than the Nugget. We stay here at least once a year since they've opened the new pool. The pool is incredible. Small enough where you can actually watch you preteen kids, but incredible enough that they have fun. . . We've always had good luck with the dealers. Doesn't mean we always win, but the losses aren't so bad if you have a fun and social dealer. Real drinks here, not the water downed drinks you get across the street. This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas, but I'm tired of the strip.. . . The downsides, no kids menu at the cafe ( I know its Vegas, but come on) and the food there is far below average, rude staff and high prices for junky cafe food. Pretty good buffet upstairs and well worth a couple bucks more. WiFi was over $10 per night which is a rip off, but there is no resort fee which I love.. . If you want to spend the money and go to the strip, then stay at the Venetian, if you want to have a really good time for a weekend and actually be able to walk from casino to casino, this is your place.
I can't remember the name of the bar, there's a huge aquarium behind the bar.  There Margarita's are amazing!  If you love Margaritas , you need to check there's out.
I love the Golden Nugget! Have stayed here three times now and have never been disappointed with the rooms, or customer service. I'm signed up for their email list and get awesome rate offers on a regular basis, and they never turn me down when I call to override my reservation with the better offer. I tried the buffet and was satisfied with what I got for the price that I paid. The only complaint I have about the Nugget is the lack of bar service in the pool area. Memorial Day weekend with hundreds of people at the pool and only a few servers making the rounds, and a line 10 deep with only two bar tenders filling people's multiple orders? Makes no sense. On Friday they did have a separate bar open downstairs which helped, but that was closed both Saturday and Sunday. I ended up going over to the Mermaid to get a frozen cocktail and enjoy the last day of my vacation swimming with the sharks.
Stayed here last weekend for Punk Rock Bowling. I miss the smaller, more intimate days of yore, but if we're stuck with the music festival then I'm glad it's all based around the Nugget. Everything was clean and the staff was very nice whenever I dealt with them. When we stayed at Sunset Station a few years ago for PRB we were getting the stink-eye all weekend from security and staff. This place is a serious labyrinth, though! I was still getting lost on my 5th day there. Our rooms were huge but the double beds seemed smaller than we were used to. Water pressure in the shower was a bit of an issue, but I like that the hotel has an emphasis on being eco-friendly as much as possible (it IS Vegas, after all). I would definitely recommend the GN to anyone wanting to stay downtown.
I really enjoyed the hide out at H2O pool. It was a bit crowded but what can you expect its las vegas and over 100 degrees out. The pool was neat i thought, i loved the waterfalls, just the ability to relax on a chair in the water, drink a pina colada, and watch the sharks in the tank. The slide looked cool to try but i did not try. It got windy by 5pm so we decided to go in the hot tub that was nice but because there were more kids in the hot tub then the pool that part sucked. I almost had a kid jump on me because he thought it was funny to run, try and jump in the water. I was getting a bit angry but finally after the 5th jump the kid's parents yelled at him. There was trash on the ground everywhere but once again its las vegas and it is party season so i just ignored that but i just thought to myself that people are pretty lazy that they can't even throw their trash in a trash can. I did take notice that the cleaning staff was trying to keep up on it. I had a fun day in the sun with my friend. I would go again, can not really complain since a friend got us in for free. If you have time while staying here in vegas or live here all year round, i would take a day and go swimming here. . . There were some things that i took noticed as i was leaving that give me another reason to come back. I took notice to stairs going up to a top level with a pool maybe a better place to relax and get away from the crowd and kids. I also want to try the slide, pretty neat that it goes right through the shark tank. there are firepits so a nice evening by the pool maybe more relaxing once the crowds head out for a night on the strip.  parking was free, i know the sign said $2 hour but the lady let me go for free so that was nice of her. there was one thing that scared me a bit but i almost got hit by a car as I left the hotel. one of the streets as you leave the golden nugget hotel grounds there is a street and it is a bit hard to see because of cars parked and people trying to cross but just be careful because you have to pull out a bit far to be able to see if anything is coming and there is no four way stop which i think there should be. i believe the road is called Gold Nugget Drive but once you get there you'll know what I am talking about. its the main street before you pull into a drive way that has the parking garage, valet and pool entrance for the golden nugget.
Highly recommend this place! Especially for the pool! . . POOL: My boyfriend and I are 23 and we absolutely loved the Golden Nugget's pools, both the shark tank (main pool area), and the Hideout on the third level. The water slide is very fun, and being in the water and watching the fish and sharks in the tank is beyond neat. There seemed to be people of all ages around, families included. I would recommend getting there by 9:30-10AM Friday-Sunday if you want to guarantee your choice of lounge chairs (or get a seat at all). Hint: if you don't want to be around children, hang out in the Adult Sunbathing (topless) area on the third level -- that's where we spent both Friday and Saturday and it couldn't have been more relaxing. The Hideout Pool is right around the corner from that area on the top level and you don't have to buy a $10 lounge chair in order to enjoy the pool. For all of the pools, they do check for room keys upon entering, so make sure you have yours! I would also recommend foregoing the bar in the Golden Nugget's pool area and instead walking to Fremont Street, which is extremely close, for $1 margaritas and cheaper food. Gotta love downtown ;) You can bring the cheaper margs back to the Golden Nugget and sip them by the pool -- they aren't strict about outside food and drinks coming in. REALLY, really enjoyed this pool and am already dying to go back! Go enjoy :)
Didn't know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised!  Got a room in the Gold Tower which was close to everything!  Housekeeping was great and very responsive.  We had room service twice because of some poor alcohol judgments - and it was so fast and delicious!. . Pool was fun - if you don't want to get splashed by small children, pay the extra $20 to get a chaise lounge in the Hideout upstairs.  Great bar service, the cabanas look like little cardboard boxes, but people were enjoying them.. . Carson Street Cafe was not the best.  Food was moderate, service fluctuated. I would only go if I was desperate.  Lillian Asian Cuisine was good one night, but we had the teppanyaki grill and all the seafood was overcooked and the veggies had no flavor.  . . Check in was slow, but handled pleasantly - express check out is available in room which was great.  Also found out that they have an airport shuttle available during specific hours, worked great for our trip to the airport!. . All in all, great place to stay.  I would compare the staff to the kind you would have at a La Quinta, not what you would see at Trump Tower, so don't have high expectations and will have a great stay!
I like this hotel & this is where we usually stay when visiting Vegas.  I like the convenience of this hotel since its right on Fremont Street plus where the valet is located, it's really easy to get onto the strip or freeway. The Premium Outlet is really close to it as well. The rooms are nice and spacious even for the Carson Tower. Stayed in the Rush Tower once because we were upgrade. The front desk checked us into a room that was already occupied! Luckily nobody was in the room at the time and we hurriedly got out of there and back downstairs. We were upgraded to a junior suite! . . Housekeeping didn't make up our room on our last night, not a biggie. I'm a big girl I can make my own bed but we were in need of tissue, toiletries and towels. So I call housekeeping and speak to Carol. Told her that our room was never serviced and she says "ok?" and doesn't say anything else. I tell her what we need and she said someone will bring it up. Well we never got it. We were getting ready to go out & was in the room for a couple of hours but still nothing. We called before we left and asked them to just put it in the room since we were leaving. Returned at 3am and guess what? Nothing.. . For the most part, maid service was good though. Hotel staff was friendly and always called out a greeting when we walked by. The timeshare ppl are a bit annoying. They'll stop you and ask you how long you're going to be there, if you want to see a free show etc. Sometimes they kept walking along side us even though we kept saying "no thank you". I get it's their job & they don't remember everyone they've approached but dude, you've approached us like 10 times in the past hour. My sassy friend tells the man this too. Finally on our last day, he remembered and just smiled and waved to us as we walked by. . . Def didn't enjoy the evacuation alert at 2am one night. Was just about to jump in the shower when this loud alarm goes off & we were told to evacuate immediately due to an emergency in the building. This announcement is blaring and being repeated over and over. Heart racing, I run out of the bathroom butt ass naked. Scramble to get my jeans on, stumbling as I'm trying to get into my jeans only to realize I'm trying to put my jeans on the wrong leg, practically ate the floor from hopping around. Throw on my t-shirt which my friend points out is inside out and backwards. At this point I don't care. I'm on the 21rst floor of a 22 story building. The only emergency I can think of is...FIRE...and this girl doesn't care how she looks (yes I just talked in 3rd person) she's getting out of there with an inside out & backward shirt.. . As we're heading to the stairs I notice people walking in the opposite direction. The stairwell was right next to our room but everyone who was on our floor was walking to the farthest stairwell which is about 2 long hallways away. My friend calls out that the stairs are closer "this way". Notice an elderly couple so we wait for them thinking we might have to help them down 21 flights of stairs. Right when they get to the stairwell, the alert is canceled and we're told we can return to our rooms. Some people were in the stairwell and didn't hear it so my friend called out to them. I think Golden Nugget should put speakers or something in the stairwell. If we didn't wait for the elderly couple we would've been in the stairwell and wouldn't have heard the cancellation and would've walked down 21 flts of stairs. Yea, so I needed to cardio but not at 2am.. . Aaand it doesn't end there. We get back into our room. Start disrobing to take my shower when the damn blaring alert goes off AGAIN! My friend sticks her head out the door and sees people coming out of their room and walking towards the stairwell. I put my shoes back on. When we go into the stairwell, security was there and told us to hold on because he was pretty sure it was an false alarm. After getting the all clear he sends everyone back to their rooms. He tells us that someone was smoking on our floor which is a nonsmoking floor and it set off the alarm. A word to the wise. If you get caught, it's a $250 fine so get your lazy butt in the elevator and go down to the lobby or...gasp...here's a thought pick a smoking room. Also, I know this is cliche but seriously check where the stairwell is when you check into any hotel, you never know when you might have to actually evacuate.. . The Golden Nugget is a recommended hotel. There's a swimming pool with a huge shark tank that seems to be quite popular as the pool was always crowded. I didn't get the chance to check it out though. There are a few restaurants and even a Starbucks...2 actually but 1 is open 24 hours.
I wasn't expecting much when my girl friend told me she wanted to have her bachelorette at the Golden Nugget.  I'm happy to say that I was surprisingly impressed.  The newly decorated lobby was nice and the room was huge, but the beds were a little small, I think they claimed they were queens but they were more like fulls.  Still they were comfortable.  The pool is small because it has a giant fish tank in the center but for a cool off dip after laying by the pool it was sufficient.  .      The one thing I did not enjoy was the other patrons of this hotel.  They were super loud and obnoxious and not at all considerate.  You would leave your deck chair to go to the pool or get a drink only to come back a few minutes later to find someone sitting in your chair, your stuff carelessly thrown to the side.  Hello people its called pool etiquette, if you are to lazy to get your butt up in time to get a chair don't just steal mine because I was gone for all of 5 minutes.  Our room neighbors were also really loud, I know its Vegas but do you think you could tone it down past 3 am?.       That being said the hotel staff were very polite and accommodating and I know they have no say in who books there so I didn't dock them for their rude guests.
I had a wonderful experience at the nugget. It's located downtown, which might turn some people off but we were perfectly ok with that. When we told the lady checking us in that Expedia had misrepresented the room we were getting she spoke to the manager and had us upgraded to the rush tower. Super nice modern rooms. I was a little surprised there wasn't a refrigerator in the room and that's my main reason for only four stars, that and the 10$ charge if you want in room coffee! I didn't find the blow dryer until the day we left. It was in the closet. The pool is pretty nice but over run with kids and it's hard to find a empty chair. You can't tell if they are actually being used or if someone just forgot their towel. The quieter pool upstairs charges you for a chair rental. A bit ridiculous if you ask me. And wifi is an extra 12 $ per day. But staff is very friendly and casino floor is nice. And the beds ate absolutely heaven.  We got a great price during the week. If you do plan on staying downtown this is the place to go!
The Golden Nugget is the most luxurious of the Downtown hotel-casinos in Las Vegas. This property has everything: an enormous array of slot machines, and table games. The upstairs buffet is the best downtown Vegas has to offer. Try the eggs benedict, choppino, and omelet station with it's fresh eggs prepared to order. The outside pool is heated, and doubles as an aquarium with large fish, and sharks swimming around in an adjacent tank. The sports book is luxurious with ample comfortable seating, and flat screen tvs all over the place. Check out the new Bar 46, with seating both inside, and outside the casino. Bar 46 has this sheik semi circle which extends onto Fremont Street. The Golden Nugget has many fine restaurants: The Vic and Anthony Steakhouse, Red Sushi, the snack bar by the sports book, and even a Starbucks to catch a quick bite with some coffee. No trip to downtown Las Vegas is complete without a visit to the Golden Nugget. Come on down, you won't be disappointed.
With Kids.  I've been to the Gnugget with boys only and as a 47 year old, I'm always thinking of my kids.  When I saw the pool area, I thought about my kids.  The pool area contains an aquarium that contains multiple sharks, huge tuna, manta ray's, etc.  It also has a slide that goes through the middle of the aquarium.  You can swim right up against the glass and the show is spectacular.  The aquarium alone is the main reason we chose to stay at the GNugget for our first major summer vaca.. . However, popularity has it's draw backs.  The pool water doesn't open until 10a, but the lounge chairs area opens at 7am.  That means, at 7am, there are people who come down and lay their items to hold chairs until 10am and that's BS.  Who says you can come down with your stinking shoes, magazines and hats and hold a chair for 3 hours?  F you, get your fat ass up and get down there.  There is a sign that states that holding chairs is not allowed, however not enforced.  There is a security guard making sure it's hotel guests only, but he doesn't enforce the holding of chairs.  Get down early and wait for 30 minutes like I did with a grumpy 6year old and explain why although only 50 feet away, we can't get in the water until 10am.  The rest of us normal members of society are down here.. . The local cafe was adequate for bkfast, there are multiple Starbuck stands, the buffet just ok for lunch, nothing spectacular.  At $82 for 2 adults, 1 7, and 6, it was pricey for what we got.. . Other than the pool and Fremont Experience, there is really nothing for kids.  There is a small arcade for the teens, but it's small.  The majority of our trip besides a jaunt to the strip was at the Nugget's awesome pool area.  We were able to order an adequate take out lunch and at our chairs with a tight knit lounge chair area, but plenty of water to keep us cool.  Again, get down early and stake out a space.  There is also plenty of shade and couch areas for anyone who doesn't want any sun at all.. . We stayed as part of a special offer that allowed an upgrade to a Jr. Suite.  It had a little couch area that doubled as the teens bed with sheets and a blanket.  The three of us shared the ultra comfortable King as my fat ass, my 6 year old and my petite wife shared with ease.  The down pillows and comforter alone are worth the price. It turned out to be $139 a night for Sun-Tues.  Try to make a weekday happen, it's so worth the effort as opposed to Fri-Sun.  The traffic coming back on Sunday looked rough in the other direction and we were arriving in Vegas around 2pm.  . . Overall, excellent experience.
I am so excited to see the downtown energy of "Old Las Vegas" come to life over the past couple years. I'm a "rare"  local who loves The Strip, but I really love what looks like is happening down in the Fremont area too. . . Last night we attended a poker tournament (play money, but real prizes) at the Golden Nugget and I was pleasantly surprised by the remodel. I only got as far as the main lobby with the surrounding lounges and bars, and poker room, but I was quite impressed with how cleaned up and modern it was.. . We could see the multi-tier pool area from the 6th floor of the parking garage and it looked quite fun too.. . I don't know how the actual rooms are, but from what I saw I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this as a spot to take out of town guests.
1) Awesome pool (shark pool). Not as small as people make it seem.. . 2) Even more awesome cabanas! Comes with a ceiling fan, sunblock, cooling wipes, bottled water, fruit & cheese plate. You have the option of hooking your ipod into their system and controlling the volume through a knob on the wall in your cabana. Furniture was super comfy. Drink servers were very efficient and very nice. Ordered food and it came within 15 minutes with the food piping hot.. . 3) Daybeds lack umbrellas/shade. Could be updated. The pillow/cover on mine was torn. . . 4) Valet is very quick, friendly, and efficient!. . 5) Bellhops were really slow and unorganized that weekend (EDC weekend).. . 6) Service at the buffet was wonderful. Waiters were very nice and friendly as well. Menu could use some updating. Loved their antipasto selection. Good salad bar.. . 7) I got the cheapest room possible, the Carson Tower room. After reading the yelp reviews, i decided to ask for an upgrade, but when i got there, they were  completely booked and I ended up stuck with my room. Honestly, the rooms are in great condition for what they are. Everything was very clean and spotless. Bathroom was humongous, and so was the room. The bottled fiji water in the room was ridiculously expensive so i used my phone to find a walgreens. Turns out, i'd forgotten to switch it to the "walking" mode, so it instructed me to walk all the way around the block. A very dark, stinky, and decrepit looking block. Save yourself a mugging and walk through the Fremont Street Experience. It's at the end of the road.. . All in all, I paid 97.40 on bookit for two nights and also received a $50 cabana credit. The Golden Nugget is a great place to stay if you're checking out downtown with friends or family. There's a spectacular spa that you ABSOLUTELY MUST TRY. Mauro, a masseuse, WORKS MIRACLES!!!! and if you're looking for a spray tan, i got a fantastic one from monique there. she left me looking like i just came from bali and not the queens hotel with a bellyful of chicken fried steak.. . =D . . I'd give this place 5 stars if there were more affordable dining options. I found room service and their carson street cafe to be really pricey for the kind of food they're serving.
The best casino and hotel on Freemont St. The people are down to earth and not stuck up like some places on the strip. I love it! The pool is amazing.
We are locals that booked a night so our granddaughter could enjoy the pool. There was a distinct smell of sulphur that was a turn off, and the clarity in the pool was worse than in the shark tank. On the up side, service was great in hotel, restaurants and poolside. Rooms were great and clean. There was no noise from outside at all. We would stay there again.
Downtown Las Vegas is the historical place to stay and the Golden Nugget is the best all around establishment there. The service & staff were friendly and made us feel like we were at home. The rooms were modern and clean (very comfortable beds) and the hotel/casino common areas were also clean and well maintained. The food was great and the service was even better. Casino staff were professional and attentive with a well organized floor plan, clean, and by far at the top of the downtown casino list. Keno lounge was like sitting in your living room. Beverage service was exceptional.. . The air quality could have been better, but with smoking (and I smoke cigars but not in the casino), this is understandable and probably unavoidable.. . The covered street fair and rock bands just outside the casino were great free fun between craps and one armed bandit play.. . Pool area also had black jack tables. lounge chairs were somewhat crowded together, but we didnt go the LV to lay in the sun, we're from Southern California!. . I would recommend the modestly priced additional fee for VIP checkin. The rates were very reasonable for under $60 a night.. . We'll be returning soon and will always stay at the Golden Nugget.
My wife and I stayed here July 3rd through the 10th, 2012.. . - The pool is awesome. The shark tank and the slide through it are fun as hell. I was a little miffed that the pool closed at 8pm because around that time it started to cool off and the sun was setting and it was perfect for a swim, but they pull the lifeguards so you can't get in. But they leave the deck and the poolside blackjack tables open... so it's like they are taunting you. LOL. . - The casino was nice, a good variety of machines and games, and the location allowed for you to hit multiple properties and see what they had to offer, too.. . - The restaurant selection was kinda meh. The coffee shop and buffet were very uninspired and a little spendy for what you got. The Grotto Italian restaurant was good.. . - The poker room was intimate and comfortable, with a decent amount of games. The play was choppy, but that's probably because it was full of WSOP-wannabees.. . - The room was serviceable. We were in the Carson Tower, we were unable to upgrade to the other, more swank ones. But all we really need in Vegas is a bed and a shower, and the room was perfectly acceptable for that.. . All in all, a great experience. The staff was nice and helpful. We would stay here again.
Let's do an update.. . My last review of Golden Nugget did not include the hotel rooms, but since I stayed at Golden Nugget a few weekends ago for my bachelorette party downtown I can now do an update involving the rooms, the casino, and room service.. . If I were reviewing solely on the room this review would be a 2.5-star, which I know is impossible, so I have to bump it up to a 3. The room we stayed in looked as though it had undergone a serious revamp, but it was very eclectic and not in a good eclectic way. There were random half-curtains everywhere. The one on the bathtub was especially odd. Why only part of the curtain? The fabrics chosen clashed throughout the hotel room. I wish they'd gone with more of a neutral palette rather than many patterns. . . The room was clean though and they do supply plenty of towels and toiletries. Room service was ordered for myself because I was super late in getting to my own bachelorette party because of work. They have pretty standard fare and I ordered the chicken strips. They did come with a BBQ dipping sauce, but no ranch and came with some decent french fries. . . Even though we we stayed a GN we didn't get a chance to utilize their awesome pool. Around 10 AM is was already packed and I actually saw people setting up their towels on the hard concrete because there were no chairs left. Icky. No thanks. . . The casino review stands. It's still nice inside and everything has been redone. Therefore 2.5 room, but considering it's Downtown and the casino is nice must go up to 4 stars.
Golden Nugget Casino:. . Right in the heart f the Freemont Street Experience and it adds in to the feeling of Old Las Vegas. The decor was old and so was the crowd but that kept out the drunk crazy young people that paraded the boulevard and casinos. We had a great time at the roulette table with our dealer, Kai.
Hotel review:. . The beds were SO nice and comfortable.  Our room was very, very clean and the shower was nice.  The A/C was great.  . . The pool was a little dirty and murky and made me wonder if people had spilled their drinks in it.  There was a ton of kids and very few pool chairs available.  The pool may be heated but it isn't heated very well - it was pretty cold even though we went at 5 p.m. on a 100 degree day.  The waterslide is a neat idea but nothing to write home about.. . Checking in was a nightmare.  We walked to Carson Tower only to find that that registration desk was closed and we had to go all the way back to the front of the hotel.  (This would not have bothered me, but I was saddled with an autistic 4 year old and our luggage all by myself.)  . . It was a fun experience and I would go back, mostly just for the nice beds and to show my husband the pool.  I just hope it's a little cleaner in the water next time we go.  The employees were all very nice and very helpful.  If you buy anything from the Golden Nugget store, you will be price gouged ($9.69 for a 3 oz bottle of contact cleaner, ouch!)  . . Also if your kid is crying for some water, don't open the bottle of Fiji water on the table because if you break that tab, it costs you $8.  For bottled water.  Seems like there should have been a golden nugget in the waterbottle, for that much money.
I had a great time here losing my money at the roulette table.  Also, I noticed there were $5 blackjack tables here, which I have come to found relatively uncommon at the big Hotels in Vegas.. . We also had a good time watching an older gentleman throw random chips all over the roulette table while his much younger girlfriend cheered him on.  . . Good times for sure.  If you are looking for an old fashion style casino in the middle of old Las Vegas, this is definitely the casino to go to.
We stayed in the newer Rush Tower and were really pleased with the room - very nice and spacious.  Only gripe about the room is wifi - why isn't wifi free everywhere nowadays??? . . We only went to the pool on the first floor (not the adults-only one) and went on the slide a few times.  The slide that goes through the shark tank: awesome.  The pool itself is great if you have kids since it's not very deep all the way around but otherwise, it's just okay.. . The buffet was not great but overall, the hotel was really nice and I love that you can walk to each of the casinos, unlike the strip.
Surprised the girlfriend with a day at the spa so I could have some free time to gamble and booze. She thought it was a great experience, much better than the spa at Excalibur. I liked the giant slot machine, shark tank, and gold nuggets. I won some money with their free slot play, so it was a nice visit.
Since the BF had never been to Vegas and declared the strip "not like what I've seen in the movies" I took him to Freemont street to roam the old Vegas.  We stopped into Golden Nugget to get out of the heat and into some delicious drinks.. . This place seems to have undergone a makeover a bit since the last time I was here.  The dealers weren't wearing cowboy hats and western shirts anymore (perhaps that was somewhere else though..my memory of Vegas visit is hazy at best).  The place was nice yet not overwhelmingly posh like some of the other casinos.. . We ended up in the bar Rush which turned out to be super fun with a live band, guest singers like the Elvis guy, and drunk tourists dancing.  It was a good unexpected time and I wished I could have stayed longer instead of going to bed early for a work conference.  Why companies think having conferences in Vegas is a good idea I will never know...no one is awake during the meeting, everyone is bleary eyed hungover and falling asleep while sitting up.  I digress.. . Definitely a legendary place on Freemont.  You must visit the Golden Nugget casino at least once on a trip to Vegas.
Stayed here for a staycation one night and had a great experience! Had a room in the older tower up on a higher floor so we had a great view of Vegas. The room was clean and neat but the decor was a bit "old". Could have really cared less about the room though since I would be seeing it in a blur later. Beds were super comfy and the room was a decent size as was the bathroom. . . Loved the pool! The shark tank is my favorite part! I've actually come to the Nugget while hanging out on Fremont just to relax and hang out. It's a great little quiet spot at night to just chill and get away from the street noise for a minute. It's crazy to think that there's something like that in the middle of such a busy chaotic area. :)
The Tank makes this place, without it, I surely would have nothing else to do during the day in vegas.  To me, vegas is full of wasted energy, resources and space.. . Grateful I was staying here.  A clutch note ** If the main deck is full, there is a sun deck open to the public on deck three, you do not have to pay for the lounge chairs there.. If it's REALLY hot out, a nice place to hang out is behind the water fall or in the "grotto" section of the pool.  There are also "seats" on either side of the tube exit to hang at.. . My only complaint was on my last evening, the pool was closed for "cleaning" - obviously somebody dropped the pooper... not cool.. Not too keen on allow babies in the pool with diaper bathing suits either.
No complaints.  For the money its a deal.  Shower was amazing, they have a cool pool with a shark tank you can take a water slide through.  . . Great location for downtown and friendly staff.
The Rush Tower at the Golden Nugget is downtown's hidden gem hotel. More people need to know about it. The remodel has the room looking better than 75% of the Las Vegas strip's rooms AND at 75% less cost. The bed is huge, more pillows than anyone would ever use, a gigantic tub/shower, two-sink bathroom, a big couch with ottoman, flat screen TV's, powerful A/C (which is needed with the Vegas heat).  . . The casino is still a bit smokey, but it seems to get better every time I'm there, which is about 2-3 times a year.
We recently stayed in the Rush Tower, it was great. Downtown was a fun change from the strip. . . Here's my lowdown:. ***** room size and bed. **** decor was nice although I was not a fan of the wallpaper in the bathroom. **** service was fine, quick check in nice staff. **** FAST elevators, really a plus for a tall building. . * HORRIBLE toilet paper, come on pony up for some decent soft TP & Kleenex!
I LOVED this place! My friend and I got a room for 50$ and the room was clean and had the most comfortable beds ever.. . The staff is extremely nice, From the girl at the front desk, to our bellhop and the valet. Not one had a negative attitude!. . The only thing is, I wish the room came with more amenities, like a hair blow dryer or a fridge. If I didn't think to pack my hair blow dryer last minute, I would've been screwed.. . The pool was crowded, even on a Tuesday, but clean. I loved the water slide. Although, I wish you could actually see the sharks when you slide down.. . I will come back here.
This review is for the pool area only. I didn't stay at the hotel (but it looked nice).. . Went in July as we heard they had a decent pool space. We went up to the top of the Sharks Tank  (THE TANK)---which was awesome-- and rented a day bed (the girl who worked there hooked my GF and I up with a decent price) at the infinity pool they have up there.  When we got too hot we would walk around the corner and slide down through the middle of the sharks tank into the below pool. It was fun. . . I would def. spend a day there. We were getting buckets of beer (bottles of corona) for like $25 delivered to our day bed. . . Staff was friendly, the patrons were mostly older types at the top of The Tank and kids and parents in the bottom pool. Didn't seem douchy at all just regular people looking to have a good time. No Jersey Shore Affliction wearing types.
I didnt realize that the hallways and pool allows smoking. I didnt like that. The rooms are non-smoking, thank goodness. This is my first time staying in Las Vegas, I was so excited about cheap price but I realized that it's not really cheap, it comes out even with other hotels that includes free stuff, this one charges pretty much for everything, $10 for coffee in room, $7 for bottle water in room, $12.99 for wi-fi. -_- The rooms were very clean (We stayed in Carson Tower) and I have to say this, I love their toilet, I feel like Tim Taylor from Tool Time was there with the "Binford 4000" septic tank. The flush is so powerful, I had to step back! LOL
This is great value for your $$$!!  It also helped that we received a complimentary upgrade to one of the Rush tower suites. The room was very modern and clean... much nicer than many rooms you would get on the strip for 3x the price. The only minor issue we had was the key not working when we got to the room after waiting in check in line for a while. The security let us in until we went downstairs and obtained a new key. The bathroom was very spacious with a large tub and his and her sink. The bed was very comfortable and there was a large flat screen TV. However, there was no mini fridge, which was kind of a bummer when trying to chill our bottles of Gray Goose and other goodies. All in all, excellent value for your $$!
Great Hotel, Beautiful pool and shark tank.  Great staff and tons to do onsite. A must do again.. . No complaints other than the rooms are a little out dated.
The beds were so comfy! There was a little wait because of the line checking in late on a Friday night. Our room was a fairly good size. We were on the 3rd floor of Carson tower, no view whatsoever ...but I was ok with that since I only planned on sleeping there. The bathroom was clean,  as was the rest of the room. I had read the Yelp reviews about being charged extra for drinking the coffee or water in the room so I avoided that all together. I brought my own instant coffee & used their coffee maker (which is a k cup kind). Also, everyone is right about the pool with the shark tank being awesome. The pool upstairs is also great to avoid the kids. I would definitely stay there again, the price is right!
Great place to gamble and their swimming pool was on the list of top 20 pools in the world!. . The swimming pool is outside with a shark tank in the middle. They also have a slide that goes through the shark tank which I think is pretty awesome.. . Gambling here was fun except when your drinking the Red Bull isn't free. So I got a Remy Martin and Reb Bull for $5 plus tip. Not too bad. . . The tables by the pool suck! I totally lost all my profit and the girl at our table was whack! No customer service or a smile out of her. But the person that watched her was a total sweetheart. She even gave us an extra drink ticket!
The hotel was a lovely venue for a conference. Loved the water slide, the many restaurants, the whole downtown atmosphere. Didn't like that my room on a nonsmoking floor was permeated with smoke smell in my bedding and towels. Tip: put a towel against the door crack, turn on the A/C, and the bathroom fan, then use the spare pillow from the closet that isn't stinky. Then put it back during the day. My room was gorgeous in the Gold Tower, desk staff was friendly and efficient. I had a very nice stay.
Great hangout nice Pool area!
Stayed here years ago....in the Carson Street tower.  Before the Rush tower existed.  We had a Rush Tower room (room 5216) this time, and I must say that the Nugget did it right with those rooms.  5216 is a suite, but it was an above average room, with the only negative being outdoor ambient noise, mostly during the day.  It was pretty quiet at night.  The bathroom in our room was tremendous, with the huge shower being the highlight!  We'll definitely stay at the GN, in the Rush tower rooms when we want to stay downtown.  Well done Golden Nugget!
by far the best hotel in downtown Las Vegas.. stayed in a Carson Tower room with a few friends and all of my basic necessities for a quality hotel room were met. . The beds were clean, the bathroom was clean, the HDTV actually worked :), and there was hot water. woot!!!. . if your staying near the Carson Tower, there's a Starbucks and the gift shop both located right downstairs near the elevators.. . the casino is lot more spacious compared to the rest of the casino's on Fremont Street and is clean and the decor is quite charming. it doesn't look like a dump at all!!! The swimming pool that's wrapped around the fish/shark tank  is beautiful also.. try the italian restaurant Grotto also. it's fabulous. . ONE ISSUE that  bothered me is the whole parking situation at the GN.. When we arrived at the golden nugget, we proceeded to the parking garage. . guy in suit " I need to see your room key". us " uh, we haven't checked in yet". guy in suit " well you need a hotel key for free parking or we are going to charge you for parking". . alas, we ended stopping by the valet temporarily to check in. Afterwards we came back out and entered the parking garage. The guy in the suit just waved us in as we showed him our room keys.. . next afternoon as we check out, we proceed to leave the parking garage. . lady at the exit asked us where our ticket was.. us " uh what ticket? we are hotel guests. we are just leaving". lady "your supposed to have a ticket stub. I am sorry, I have to charge you for parking in our garage". us " wait what!!!, the guy in the suit just waved us in as we entered yesterday.. few minutes later, I finally find my hotel check out invoice and prove to her that we were actual guests.. lady " ok, fine, i'll let you guys off the hook this time.. . my whole experience at the Golden Nugget was awesome, except for the whole parking situation. just remember to get a ticket stub as you enter the garage or you will be harassed upon leaving.
We had the best experience staying here. My husband and I stayed in the Rush Tower and the room is amazing for the price. The nice soaking tub was a huge plus (the rain shower needed more water pressure) the bed was fairly comfortable and the best part is the Rush Tower is a completely non-smoking tower and you can definitely tell. . . The only draw back for this hotel is the other towers. It appears that the great service goes all toward the newer Rush Tower because when my friend and her husband checked into their Gold Tower room, they still had housekeeping staff fixing the room. Housekeeping took their sweet time with what they were doing and then still left some sharp metal thing on the floor which my friend's husband then stepped on. The Golden Nugget then had to be persuaded to move their room to the Rush Tower (where we were staying) to make up for the inconvenience. . . Other than that our stay was amazing, the staff was very nice and helpful and anytime a request was made (bell person, valet, housekeeping - Rush Tower only) we were assisted quickly and efficiently. . . We will definitely stay there again but only in the Rush Tower.
I highly recommend the upgrade to the Rush Tower Rooms.  This is a very hectic hotel casino in downtown Las Vegas.  After reading reviews about items being stolen in rooms while people were sleeping in them, I was glad to see the security staff on patrol in the Rush Tower section of the hotel.  The rooms offer modern luxury and are worth every penny of the upgrade.  You do pay for the prime location in the form or internet and coffee fees, but it is a small price to pay for location, location, location.
Was a nice stay here, real deferent from new vegas, we went for just one night, even won some money on the slots, I am going back ,when I have time,
Golden Nugget actually lost a star as soon as we arrived. It was our first time staying there and we had reserved a basic Carson Tower room. We walked up to a random employee at a counter near the Rush Tower elevators to ask where we could check in and he said he could do that for us. Awesome! He checks us in, we make the trek across the hotel to the Carson Tower, are happy that our room is near the elevators, open the door...and walked into a room that was still occupied. There were clothes and suitcases everywhere so we walked right back out. I left my husband there with our luggage while I went to complain & get a new room, now feeling a little uneasy that someone could that easily have access to all my stuff when i'm not in the room. They immediately upgraded us to a Rush Tower room and sent someone to help my husband with our stuff. Unfortunately that whole situation cost us about 45 minutes of precious pool time.. The room was very nice, view of the strip on the distance, spacious, his & hers sinks, big TV, and a couch. We made sure to use the safe when we left the room, just in case. We didn't use the coffee maker because the Keurig pods were in a 4 pack that cost $10 if you used even one. The GN Starbucks is 24 hours, though, so that makes it easy to get your coffee fix. . I like that thee pool entrance was centrally located. By the time we got there, the pool was already packed and it was near impossible to find a chair to put our stuff down. The adult pool on the 3rd level was small and you have up pay $10 for a chair so we didn't even hang out there. The 2nd floor was just a bunch of chairs and cabanas, which was awkward since you can't even see the pool. The shark tank was definitely worth going to the pool to see. The slide goes so quick that you can't really see anything, but its still a cool concept. The drinks were a little pricey, but strong.. The rest of the stay was fun and we enjoyed the upgraded room. Just beware of what you leave out when you leave your hotel room!
after the Hell Cortez would not honor our reservation, we went to the Golden Nugget the inside was really nice, it looked like they expanded or renovated but there was a pool area , and a Shark tank .They also have a spa. Really friendly  staff checked us in. we went upstairs to drop off our bags. Room was nicer and more spacious than expected. very comfy! but my only complaint and very minor is the coffee situation. usually the in room coffee is free, but theirs was $10 for 4 K cups, but other that no complaints. very nice full service place. Very convenient to enjoy Fremont St.
Fremont Experience!!. . If there's a casino on Fremont that I prefer over others, it would definitely be the Golden Nugget.  This place has changed in the last couple of years.  I remember when I was only 14 years old walking her from the Excalibur.  Forward 20+ years later and I am still walking here, but from the Main Street Parking Log. . . When I have friends come around from out of town, they always want to go to Fremont Street and this is where I take them. When I think of Golden Nugget, I think of 4 different types of casinos.. . 1st:  You get the Fremont Experience side where it's mostly your table games and slots.  Your typical "Vegas Baby" crowd of course, but also a large amount of locals donating their paychecks. . . 2nd:  You get the lobby area, which has been remodeled.  Nice fish/shark tank bam!! in your face. . . 3rd.  You get close to the family atmosphere near their cafe and pool.  . . 4th:  You got upstairs where there's more eats and a lot quieter.  . . There was a time I came out here almost weekly because they had some of the juiciest poker games.  I'm not even talking high limit. I'm small time for sure, but not uncommon to make some dough on the 2/4 game here.  Tons of action with tons of calling stations.  I know, I know.  I better be quiet and quit tapping the aquarium. . . As for the atmosphere, I like it.  Never an issue with the staff from their restaurants to their bar to their poker room.  Golden Nugget will not set you back because everything here is fairly cheap, except the gambling obviously. . My only issue is with their pool. The fish tank is impressive, but not a fan of their pool being smack in your face when you walk their casino. I'm still  a believer that you should be in the pool area to enjoy the pool area.  . . Why the 4 stars then??  I like their poker room.  One of the few places to play where you can make some money, not lose as much, and enjoy the players here.  I've met a lot of good people from different parts of the world here.  They don't take it so serious out here and also don't mind giving you their money.
I have stayed here for years. Friendly staff And wonderful guest rooms. I love the Carson tower 1 of the last great downtown hotels in fact it could be the oldest casino downtown . original white marble floors , giant shark tank too swim inn and large guest rooms . . This place is not next to the Fremont experience it's part of it !
Very cool place! I love Fremont street.  This place is definitely old Vegas with so much character! I would definitely recommend visiting this casino before leaving Vegas! This place is CLASSY!
Didn't stay, but I will say, the pool area is to die for. The cafe was great. Reasonably priced. I'd like to stay here next time..after I'm married :)
Best value and location for the money.  Go for the Rush tower.
Keep doing what your doing GN. We have been there twice and both times have been an enjoyable and lovely stay. Our room in the Rush tower was so nice we didn't want to leave it, but had to because, well, it's Vegas. I love your pool and big fish tanks. Your restaurants, bars, and staff are all fantastic.
The Nugget!! Revamped & revised.... I really like what they've done with the place. It's without a question the nicest casino resort property in downtown Vegas. My friends stay at the Nugget every September for their basketball tournament so I've grown quite familiar with the place. The lobby/registration area is small but does the job... Make sure you valet at the right entrance or else you're in for quite a walk to get there. The rooms are nice sized. They have your standard double queen sized bed setups with LCD tv screen, desk, side table and floor unit AC for the room. The pool is definitely the centerpiece of the Nugget... with its glass water slide that runs right through the giant shark containing aquarium. It's quite a site.... If I were to stay in downtown, I'd stay at the Nugget. Without a doubt. It's clean, it's fairly new... The 24 hour cafe serves decent food. It's right along the Fremont St experience so it's within walking distance of all that's happening in downtown.. . Valet is fairly quick. They definitely have their busy moments... Might have to wait a while if you're trying to get out of dodge after midnight or so. They definitely thin down the valet staff then. But it wasn't too bad...
Tops for Downtown, for sure... this is an absolute gem (not a nugget)!!! Clean room, very nice hallways, good ice locations, view was of the backside roof on the 6th floor, but hey...it was ~$70 avg. inc. Fri. for 5 days, love it! I got bored being in just Downtown for 5 days (only so much to see and blaces to gamble), BUT there is super easy transport to the Strip from GN. I actually walked from DT to the Stratosphere in 20 mins. . Buffet is probably the best in quality DT, but you pay a bit much for it. Pool was closed cause it's Winter. But I have been here in Summer and it was crowded. Cool shark tank. Great layout on the Casino floor, plenty of good slot choices, but the table games have a fair mix of $5 - $25 min's.. The swankiest of DT Locals casinos. Loved it. Will go back.
- Nicest casino in downtown.  Cool shark-tank that their pool's slide goes thru.. - I'd give 'em 5 stars but it's always a hassle to park in their lot (which is not free unless you jump thru some hoops), even when I'm going there to visit my friend who's staying/playing at the Golden Nugget.
Love visiting the Golden Nugget when on Fremont! They offer $5 of free play when you sign up for a Players Card, which is always nice, and they have super cheap gambling! The people manning the card tables are really friendly and helpful and they've got beautiful dancers that are entertaining when you are playing games. Love how courteous all the staff are and its a great time, even though its a bit "no frills" compared to the main strip.
It's a 4 star hotel for a buck.  Rooms are huge and very clean. And the rates they offer are usually outstanding. The shark tank is overrated so don't care about that but the Pokerroom is one of the nicest in Las Vegas with ok tournaments. As always the smoke makes me sick like in all other Las Vegas casinos. Come it's 2013 why is it not banned like in the rest of the Western world?
Every January me and my friend stay at the Golden Nugget for CES, we pick downtown Vegas because it's away from the busy Las Vegas strip traffic. CES tops 150,000 visitors during this week.  The freeway entrance is very close to this hotel.  The LV Convention Center isn't more than a 15 minute drive on the freeway.. . The Golden Nugget Hotel in downtown Vegas is small compared to the Las Vegas Strip Hotels. You have less cars and less people, this is the place if you can't deal with that.  I like this hotel because the parking lot (Carson Towers) is closer than any of the strip hotels. The walk from parking lot to room is within 5+ minutes. If you go out (back and forth) a lot than this makes it easy.  I think this is still faster than a valet at a Strip Hotel, which is what I would do if I was on the LV Strip with my family.. . If you are looking for glitter and glitz don't go here.  This hotel isn't a Red Rock and not the most romantic hotel, but the rooms are actually nice and maintained.  I don't normally see many kids at this hotel walking around. There isn't any arcade or kid friendly things here.  If you have a family I would pick a different hotel. For business or friends trip this hotel is great for that. . . Also being in downtown is very strategic, meaning easy to get around in a car.  With easy freeway access, we actually can get to hotels like Venetian, MGM, Chinatown pretty quick avoiding congestion. . . Some Tips: . . 1) They have a breakfast buffet on the 2nd floor and a restaurant on the first floor.  The breakfast/brunch is pretty good at both places.  Never had dinner here.  . . 2) They have a Keurig Coffee maker, make sure you bring your own K-cups. We always stop at the market for a case of 24 bottles of water for coffee and drinking. . . 3) They have a beautiful shark aquarium in the middle of their swimming pool. This is a nice place to get a drink and relax, but in January it is cold!  . . 4) Get on their Email mailing list.  During the month there seems to be a coupon deal, like by get 2 meals for 1, drink coupons, etc. . . I gave it a 4 star for Downtown Las Vegas, but the only place I would stay in downtown Vegas.
I like the strip but at times the strip can be exhausting and expensive. I recently won a trip through AM 570 Fox Sports the trip included flight, two nights at the Nugget and $500 hotel credit. Victory!!! So I had never stayed at the Nugget and didn't know what to expect. Our room was in the new Rush tower. Rooms were really nice and done up in a great modern decor, not hard on the eyes at all. . . I enjoyed my stay so much, from the great service to the little things like peanut M&M's next to all the elevators. Yeah Buddy!!!  My wife and I got to really check everything out and dine at all the restaurants that they had to offer. I felt like I didn't need to leave this place, you have everything you could want here.. . Seriously if you have never been here or have not been back in a long time check it out. If your looking for one of the best steak houses in Vegas hit up Vic & Anthonys. . http://www.yelp.com/biz/vic-and-anthonys-steakhouse-las-vegas-2#hrid:mGfzD4EfXbbyYx0o3A-d6A. . While I was here I played in a poker tournament and won $250.00 a Ipad Mini and 2 night voucher back at the Nugget. When I come back you can catch me by that pool and going down that water slide through the shark tank and then to a ice cold brew. CHEERS!!!!!
Pleasant surprise.  The hotel was in great condition.  The rooms were large and very comfortable.  The restaurants in the hotel were great value for the money.  I would not recommend the Gordie Brown show.  We went only because of a grupon it only cost $3.  The show itself had a few funny parts but was dated.
Last minute idea to check into a hotel and play tourist for the night and next day.  Check in was simple enough and the staff was very helpful and provided us with a great room.  The room itself was very clean, with fluffy pillows and all the amenities.  The bathroom seemed a bit small for me but it sufficed, it was only one night mind you.  After that it was downstairs to the casino for some drinks.  One thing I didn't like was the smokiness.  It just seemed as if everyone was smoking everywhere.  I've lived in Vegas for four years now and have worked in strip hotels as well as off strip and it just seemed too smoky for the casino floor.  Drinks were strong and decently priced.  . . When it came time for room service it was prompt and the food was not bad at all.  My boyfriend had a burger with all the trimmings minus the mayo and I had a delicious chocolate cake.  (Yes, I love pie and cake.)  All in all a great downtown hotel experience and checkout was quick because you could check out via TV.
This is my favorite hotel on the strip!  The shark tank pool is really relaxing, the hot tub is opened until 2 AM and the rooms are really nice.  They used to have free wi-fi but don't anymore, so that's my only eh comment.  Everything else here is wonderful!
The hotel itself is great - clean and, well, seems like any other decent hotel. The thing that really made me enjoy my stay was the SHARK TANK SLIDE!!!!!! Yup, get on your suits because down at the pool you can ride the water slide that goes through a tank of sharks!. . Now before you asphyxiate, when you go though the tank you are enclosed in a plexi-glass tube so you will not get bit - barring some unforeseen incident. Sometimes the sharks will freak out swim all over the place when someone rides the slide. However this wont really happen when mobs of people aren't going down the slide all day, you need to lull them into a false sense of security then... BAM! scare the fish crap out of them.. . Another cool little thing to check out if you're in the neighborhood is the world's largest nugget of gold on display which is in the lobby. As a side note, does anyone else find it ridiculous that it was found only a foot underground?!. . They also have some really great pizza at the Grotto!
Pleasant surprise.  The hotel was in great condition.  The rooms were large and very comfortable.  The restaurants in the hotel were great value for the money.  I would not recommend the Gordie Brown show.  We went only because of a grupon it only cost $3.  The show itself had a few funny parts but was dated.
This is definitely the gem, in terms of hotels, in downtown (Fremont St.).  Extremely clean and nice, with lots of good restaurant and bar options, along with a huge casino/sports book.. . The pool area is great, too.  There is a giant shark tank in the middle of the pool, as well a slide that goes right through the tank.  . . The hotel does have multiple towers where they have hotel rooms, so the rooms are different depending on which tower you stay in, although they are all nice rooms.  The Rush tower was recently renovated, so I would definitely look to stay there.  If you stay on the top few floors, there are even delicious snacks right outside of the elevators.. . When staying off of the main strip, I would definitely stay at Golden Nugget every time.
I enjoyed my stay at the Nugget, from the really nice check in desk to ease of heading right on to Fremont Street. Nice room with lots of room even in their standard size room. Love the pool area with the shark tank in the middle. And they have a lot food options throughout the hotel. I would stay here again if I was going to this part of town again.
Ive been to Golden Nugget a couple times and have brought friends and family over the years in this casino/hotel since Vegas experience is not complete without the fremont street experience. The reason i like this hotel/casino is because its the best in the downtown area, and much more affordable compare the other hotels in the strip.
You get what you pay for!. . MY fam and i stayed here and it was nice for the price. I really enjoyed the pool area. i like the shark tank and the pool on the 2nd floor. The bar and pool upstairs closes at 2am which is what i loved. The food inside the hotel isnt that great which is why i didn't give it 5 stars. Also remember you get what you pay for and by that i mean the crowd. Its was sooooo crowded and loud and roudy with a certain class of people. I would stay here again bc of their pool closes later than other vegas hotels
Just downtown for the day on St Patty's Day and spent some good time in the Golden Nugget casino.. . Another winner!. . Love the old-school ambiance and feel.. . Definitely a "gotta visit" in downtown Vegas!
Best choice for downtown and a great place to stay. only there for a night and our first night off the strip. felt family friendly. we didn't gamble but felt welcome and easy access to downtown vegas stuff. good time had by our party range of 8 to 42 year olds..
This is the best hotel downtown.  The room I had on the 16th Floor of the Gold Tower was outstanding and had free wi-fi.  Housekeeping and the buffet were also excellent.  Casino is average.  Didn't care for entertainer Gordie Brown but the 55+ crowd seemed to enjoy the show.  Parking would be the only negative.  Overall 4 stars and would stay here again.
This is the first time we stayed @ the Nugget previous night we were at the The Plaza big difference, this place was more alive.. glad I didn't have to pay the resort fee, wasnt able to get a coupon book because I used my AAA 10% discount.. wish I had a choice to see which would of been more beneficial to us.. we had a great time in this place alot to do but only had one day, so until next time...
Dang mang! I am really impressed with the Golden Nugget. I had no idea things like shark tanks and waterslides through shark tanks and poolside blackjack existed in downtown Vegas. Boy, am I glad I found it out.. . For Sir Nicholas' recent birthday I took him on a surprise trip to Vegas. He mentioned the last time we talked about Vegas that he has always wanted to stay in downtown. Our friends Mike and Hazel always mentioned that they stayed in the Golden Nugget. After looking online and discovering that the NICEST rooms were still under $200 a night it was a done deal.. . Check in and out was easy peasy. If you stay in the Gold Tower, where we stayed, on the club level floors you have complimentary Wi-Fi, water, coffee, and snacks. The snacks are in the hallway by the elevator, but they are things like apples, nuts, and M&Ms. The pool is nice, with poolside gambling as I mentioned earlier and the ability to rent out cabanas if you want your own private space. The location is also good for downtown, whether you want to stay around the casinos or venture out and discover a little more of the local scene in terms of bars, restaurants, or even arts stuff.. . I'd definitely stay here again - for the price and location, at least of the Gold Tower, it's easily worth it!
Staying at the Golden Nugget was my first time venturing away from the strip. From the get go I was impressed with Fremont Street and the Nugget itself. When you walk into the lobby you can already appreciate the shark tank and the pool with the slide through the tank, plus the 1960's "Casino" vibe to the hotel. I felt like I needed a Virginia Slims between my fingers and a Farrah "do" to boot. . We stayed in the Golden Tower. The rooms are not too different from other standard rooms on the strip. The location of the hotel is ideal if you want to be right smack in the middle of the Fremont Experience. . Check out Groupon every so often as it might have deals on stays at the Golden Nugget.
Staff is not courteous and unprofessional.. . The rooms are nice. The Gold tower suite has dim lighting if you're looking for a romantic stay for that special someone. :). . The new rush tower is also very nice with a large bathroom and tasteful furniture.
Very comfortable beds for a hotel.  It would have been nice if the room safe work.  My friend swears the maid stole his mini alcohol bottles but I think it's more likely he drank or lost them.  The pool area was nice but far too many kids in the pool.  Not sure why the parents brought them.  Vegas is no place for kids.  The slide is a nice novelty but you really go down too fast to enjoy a view of the sharks.  Would definitely stay here again.  I enjoyed the Fremont experience but again this place is no place for kids and I probably wouldn't bring my wife here either.  Great place for the guys to party though.  On a final note I do not appreciate the fact that they charge you to use the internet.  Would have been nice to print my Southwest Airline tickets for free.
first time staying here.  got a Gold Rush Room with two queens.  it's quite amazing for the $$ ($149 for one night).  room is contemporary and spacious.  bathroom HUGE and only missing a soaking tub.  bed is perfect and pillows AMAZING.  Gold Rush Rooms come with free snacks and water in the elevator lobby...pretty handy for a hot day!  the casino floor itself is oddly shaped to say the least, not very welcoming.  good selection of slots though...new and old.  very busy for a weekday.  i never stay downtown (ugh), but staying here is worth it.  i don't mean to be snotty about downtown, but it's not for everyone and it's just not for me.  a guy even freaking TOUCHED me today trying to get me to stop and buy something he was selling along Fremont Street.  WTF is with the people down here i'll never know.
My first trip to Vegas and we did it up Old School at the Nugget. We got great rates online and upgraded to the new Rush Tower. Super nice!! Living room area with leather sectional.. two flat screens... great views on both sides. Our friends stayed in the older part but that was nice too. I loved just walking out of the casino onto Fremont Street and into other casinos. All the funkiness of downtown rocks. The "shark tank" pool was really cool and lots of seating. Lots of bars and restaurants too. We had a really good fish and chip dinner at the Carson St. Grill. We ventured all around Vegas but always ended up back at the Nugget... friendly waitresses and strong ass drinks! The Strip? Pfffft. They can keep it.
This was our first time staying at the Nugget (June 2013), though we are no stranger to downtown Vegas hotels (RIP Binions...). The rate through Hotels.com was very attractive for an early June weekend, so we jumped on it. Overall it was just fine, superbly located for hanging around downtown, hitting the East Fremont hipsterville, and for shooting down to hot Strip hotels via the Industrial\Frank Sinatra\Dean Martin\Harmon shortcuts that avoid all traffic, even on a Saturday night. The hotel was clean, the room (in the older but cheaper and much quieter Carson Tower) was just fine (old school furnishings but in good shape), the access to the parking structure from the Carson Tower elevators was quick and easy, they had no problem with us bringing in a big cooler, the staff was helpful and friendly, and the atmosphere was laid back and a nice break from Fremont, which can look like a downscale Wal-Mart with slot machines at times. I'll definitely consider the Nugget for our next Vegas getaway. . To be honest, we didn't gamble much here, given that other places within a short stroll have lower minimums (El Cortez), better rules (Golden Gate for craps, El Cortez for BJ and looser slots), faster free drinks (Mermaids), and more lively action (The D, Golden Gate). Still, it was nice to have a quiet drink in one of the Nugget's "less smoke" bars and mindlessly play a little video poker now and then.. . I would caution you about the pool, however. Even though the Nugget touts its pool as the gem of downtown, the lounge area is way too small for the number of people who use it, even on a Friday or Monday. Lounges fill up even before the pool opens, primarily by people who dump their towels and books to "reserve" a spot for the whole day, even if they've gone elsewhere. There are a lot of kids running around due to the Shark Tank slide, kids I never saw in the hotel at other times so I suspect that they are non-guests, and it's a noisy experience. Alas, bringing outside booze and food are strictly forbidden. A quieter and smaller "adult" pool is available, but you have to pay $20 to get one of the lounges (very lame). Both pools are often in the shadow of the Rush Tower, and the lower one gets stuffy because it sits in a hole surrounded by four buildings. I live in the SoCal desert and have my own pool so I didn't need to spend much time at the Nugget's, but when I lived in L.A. and used to come to Vegas primarily for the pleasure of laying out by the water, having a beer, and getting a tan and a nap to recharge before going crazy at night, I would have not enjoyed the Nugget as a pool destination. Even The D's small, spare pool might be a better choice if you want to avoid screaming kids and lounges packed in so close together you can't move them an inch (even if nobody is sitting next to you).. . Another problem is weekend parking. The structure is small and barely big enough to handle the guests during the week. Come the weekend though, it fills up quickly with both guests and visitors, so you can return from the Strip on a Friday night to find that there is no place for you to park. Not good. They close off the structure to non-guests in the early evening but that's too late. Be prepared to have to leave your car with the valet or park on a dark street down the block; if you do, go give the manager a piece of your mind. I did. . . Finally, the Golden Nugget, like many Vegas hotels these days, has gotten smart and ditched the mandatory resort fees that have caused so much negative blowback from travelers, but at the same time has maintained their income streams by charging for Internet access.  It's a ridiculous $13 per 24 hours, which is bad enough, but the charge is also **per device**.  If you are the kind of couple who can't live another minute unless both of your iPads are on the network (thankfully we aren't), plan on dropping $26 a day, which is half of what we paid for the room on a Thursday night. . . But other than those three things, it was fine!. . . Nick in Palm Springs
We stayed at the Rush Tower Jr Corner Suite this past Sunday and it was sexy and pretty! Loved the room soooooo much!! . . The shark tank was fun! The pool was a but cloudy and kinda grossed me out because of that but there were tons of kids and adults in it all day so it makes sense i guess. But then again there was also tons of ppl in the Mandalay Bay pools but it was crystal clear. Thats the only reason I didnt give five stars. The service was great!
This hotel was much better than I expected. We got a really low rate so I was very sketical but it all turned out good. The room was very nice and the hotel, restaurants and casino were all better than I expected.. . It's right on Fremont Street so it's in a very good location.. . Don't hesitate to stay here.
This is a fabulous stop when checking out Downtown LV. $5 blackjack, brilliant lights and a perfect place to people watch. I'm so happy it's been preserved, it's a wonderful piece of Las Vegas history that we should absolutely treasure.
The Rush Tower is gorgeous! Parking is right across the street. I used to be a snob only staying on the strip but my last Vegas vacation we stayed on Fremont Street and had a blast. It's so cool to be able to walk out of the hotel and wander around the other casinos. And I'll take the Fremont local street characters over the annoying flyer and cd pushing guys on the strip. Tip- if you don't want to hear the Fremont music all day and night ask for a high floor facing away from Fremont.
Once in  a while I'll stay here as well when I'm in Downtown LV. This one is the high class of all the hotels in Downtown LV. Very dress to impress type casino kinda like a strip casino hotel. Lots to see here they recently expanded the place so now there's a sushi place and additional Starbucks so now there are two Starbucks in this Casino/Hotel. If you want the more higher class feel in Downtown LV this is the place to go.
This was the perfect place on the Fremont! The rooms were nice and spacious and very clean. Loved the pool/lounge area that featured a great shark tank. Great price and great value. Will stay here again
This is in my opinion the best hotel downtown, the rooms are reasonably priced and. they have a decent buffet, I stay here every year and it's always well kept, I think it is . nicer than many hotels on the strip and are always up to date on their decor.. .  I would recommend this hotel to anyone but will tell you if you are a gambler you. would be better off going elsewhere, I have been going here for the last 6 years and. have not witnessed anyone winning anything, they have the tightest slots I have. ever seen, I went to the fremont hotel and a lady had won, and I had won a little . my self, I know it's gambling but if I go somewhere for several years I would expect . to see someone jumping for joy at least once then go next door for 30 minutes and . someone wins.. .  IN CONCLUSION I THINK IT IS THE NICEST HOTEL DOWNTOWN AND . WOULD ALWAYS RETURN BECAUSE THEY ARE TOP NOTCH BUT . WOULD RECOMMEND PLAYING ELSEWHERE.
Okay... I'm going to be honest.  I have heard of young ones staying at the Golden Nugget b/c rooms were inexpensive and when you're young and in Vegas, you probably don't plan on sleeping or being in the room much if at all.  With that being said, I seriously thought the hotel was similar to a cheap motel just from the stories I've heard in the past.  But boy oh boy, this place has great potential!  . . When I stumbled upon the hotel and casino, I was amazed at how pretty it was inside!  I was totally expecting it to be all old and rundown, like a ghost town, etc. The casino is nice and the fixtures/furnishings/design seems to have been updated (though I've never seen what it might have looked like in the past).  . . Pool - Didn't get a chance to walk around and explore it, but by being a spectator from the outside looking in, it looked a lot of fun and I really wanted to go for a swim but there was just no time.  :[  There is a freaking waterslide that goes THROUGH the shark tank!  YES, there are SHARKS!!!  (and some fish).  The pool wraps around the tank and has sunny and shady areas.  There are daybeds and chaises that are in the water as well as normal ones on the deck.  I also noticed that there were multiple levels (upper level it seemed like there were actual cabanas there).  . . Restaurants - Don't knock 'em till you try 'em.  It took a while for us to figure out where we wanted to eat because the menus don't really sound all that appetizing, but when we ate at this Italian restaurant, the food was actually really good.  I didn't order a dish for myself because I wasn't feeling well, so the waitress gave me this drink that would help me feel better (and it did).  The bread w/ the olive oil dipping sauce was pretty yummy and I got a chance to try some of my  Mom's dish (some type of pasta) it wasn't bad.  My friend ordered I think the Eggplant Parmesan?  . . Bathrooms - I noticed that the two casino level restrooms were different - one seemed a little nicer and more lit than the other, but nonetheless, they were both clean.  . . Location - Not sure if its in the best area necessarily... it is right next to the Clark County Metropolitan Police Department/Facility... steps away from the Court House, etc.  During the day I would say its fine, but it looks so sketch at night.  . . Airport Shuttle - If you schedule an appt. with the Showtime Shuttle Service, they can take you directly to the airport.  . . Greyhound - Not too far from the hotel & casino if you choose to take the bus back home.. . Starbucks - Yes, there is one located downstairs.. . Rooms - My Mom had said that she booked a room in the older part of the hotel... I was dreading what it was going to look like, but when I walked in, it literally wasn't as bad as I had pictured it in my head.  The room seemed to be updated?  I wasn't afraid to sit down anywhere nor sleep in the bed.  The room had a good amount of walking space.  The bathroom wasn't scary at all either... the only thing I could probably complain about were the bath fixtures... maybe they can update those soon?  :D  Dirty bathrooms freak me out but I was okay with this one, lol.  . . The Guests/People - I initially thought that I would be seeing a lot of elderly guests wandering around, but to my surprise there were people of all ages roaming around and hanging out!  From families w/ kids to teens, people in their mid-20s-30's to 40's-60's to Grandpa & Grandma status.  . . The Elevators - They're pretty quick and they don't look rundown or outdated at all.  The waiting area near the elevators was also nice... pretty painting and lighting above.
The pool is the coolest
best downtown hotel!...great hosts..host Jason very helpful!
We stayed at the Golden Nugget 6/29-6/30/13. First time staying at this or any hotel Downtown. Our Rush Tower suite was nicer than our suites in the Palazzo where we normally stay. There were many factors that really could have hampered our stay - 117 degrees....lost money....brought my 10 year old...pool was packed.....BUT....We had an amazing time!!!! The staff here is very attentive. Their clientele aren't flashy nor trashy. The table limits are perfect. The food is good. The room rates, food rates, drink are very reasonable. The pool is so much fun!!! . . My wife never takes the time to reserve a spa appointment in advance and regularly gets a annoying response from the big hotels when trying to get a same day appointment. She made a same day appointment for a pretty big ($200 treatment) and said the spa in the Golden Nugget was very good and a good value!!!. . She actually wants to go there with her girlfriends but I think maybe my players card room discounts are not transferable to her. . Do not be afraid to venture out 'Downtown' Vegas. We ziplined and watched the free concerts.. . Really can not wait to get back there!!!
We stayed 4th of July weekend. We are repeat customer great place and great value. It is a must to go down to the pool at 8:00am and put your stuff on the chairs you want because they go fast. But I love Fremont Street and this place is great!
The pool is simply amazing!! Perfect for families, young 20 year olds and all the other age groups. The buffet is A+ as well. One of the best hotels you will find downtown.
My girlfriend won $15K in Pei Gow poker there, so we love the place and hope the luck continues.
I had to stay in Vegas for one night, traveling for a freelance work project. I generally loathe everything Vegas stands for, so I searched for the cheapest casino that wouldn't leave me with bed bugs or worse. The Golden Nugget was a surprisingly good value. My room was clean and tasteful. The center pool/shark tank made for an interesting scene at night. And I won $102 on the first dollar I gambled. I won't be coming back unless I have to, but for a night in Vegas, you could do a lot worse than the Golden Nugget.
The best deal in the Downtown Las Vegas area! The rooms are modern and clean. The pool is spectacular with the water falls, water slide, and the SHARK tank!!. . This place has good restaurants and a great cafe that stays open 24hrs!! Great non pretentious gambling. A short cab ride to the strip. You just can't go wrong here. The most bag for your buck!
Do you ever wish you could rearrange the names of places in Las Vegas?  I'd let the Nugget have "Oasis" because it truly is an oasis in the desert.  . [Once upon a time I might have said "the desert that is downtown" but those days are a fading memory.  DT is on a roll that wont stop until it arrives at a place you no longer recognize.]. The rooms at the Nugget are a prize.  Cant tell you how the food is--we ate off prop every meal, but the staff is one of the most professional in the city--certainly in DT.. Secret tip for you here: the rooms are discounted in the Carson tower but they're just like those in the Gold tower, except that they're further away and thus avoid much of the crowd crush on when the hotel is busy.  Second secret tip for you: the toilets in the Gold tower are short (meaning shallow) and if you're not careful, your junk will hit the water.  You only make that mistake once--er, well, twice if you're a slow learner like me.
I have not stayed here yet but I always park here when I go to fremont street.  It's located towards the beginning of the fremont street experience so it's kind of a strategic thing.  I have had the hand tossed pizza in there which is cooked in what looks like a wood burning stove in the bar area and it was delicious.  Extra points on coolness since they made the pizza in front of me.  Pork sliders were a little small, but i'm a fatty so.. it maybe a good portion size for the normal person.  Bottom line.. Great Parking.  Especially since I just realized fremont street now has doubled the homeless people on that strip . Its a bit disghusting,  I was here last year and it was no where NEAR this bad. Very sad.  Surrounding Hotels need to wake up !  Clear those people out or no one will come.  It's no fun if you are having to worry about your surroundings.
I love the Golden Nugget casino floor and the slot machine selection.  I always try and stay at the hotel but there always booked so I just enjoy playing in the casino on the tables or on my favorite slot machine the pinball slots...awesome.  The casino floor to me is always crowded but I like the crowds, I mean to me the more people playing and having fun makes the vibes inthe hotel so much more exciting.  I always play the same machines and the same table games but to see others winning and having a great time makes all the difference.  I love the bar staff there outgoing and friendly and the waitresses are sweethearts always making sure you are having fun...great service.  Overall the casino has winning vibes and the environment is safe, fun, clean and I so want to go back soon to play the pinball.
Okay. . Now, I'm a vintagegirl and I prefer the old downtown Vegas to the strip. . Seems to me though that this is catching on. . There's more and more people starting to prefer Fremont St. and the charm of vintage Las Vegas. . Got a good deal online staying at the new Rush Tower. Nice rooms. We came in on a Sunday morning and had the Sunday champagne brunch! Fantastic! . Comfy bed, quiet and blackout curtains. . The tv channels leave a bit to be desired. No HBO or special channels. Guess they want you to spend your time in their casino. . The only noises we heard were the chatty maids in the morning.  If you don't want them coming into your room at 8am, be sure to hang your "Privacy please" sign on your door!!. Toilet paper is bargain brand and not Charmin soft!! Just a warning... . Don't ask for a fridge. It'll cost you $20 a day.  Tip: Bring an ice chest and have snacks. There's an ice machine on every level. (And it'll save you $ on food and hooch and eating out) ;). Wanna use the fitness center? Also, $20 a day. Unless, you get a spa treatment, which  I highly recommend. I got a mini massage, facial and pedicure. Cost me $200 and tip is included. I must have spent 4 hours using the gym, facilities and having my treatments. There was cucumber water, snacks, water, juice. The royal treatment!. One more thing: the coffee in your room is not complimentary and neither is the water! A bottle of Dasani water will cost you $7 and the Kuerig coffee pods will cost you $10if you open the box! . Tip: buy your coffee pods at Target or bring them from home. . All in all a nice place and great rooms in the Rush Tower! . Employees were nice and helpful too!
The Golden Nugget is a good value... The Rush Tower is worth the little extra money. I go for business and the internet upload speed is very important to me.  I don't know if it was an accident, but on the 16th floor of the Rush Tower I got 20 Mbps upload... which is unheard of super-fast.   So the next time I traveled to Las Vegas I tried to get the same room without  success... I got a room on the 12 floor, my speed was 9 Mbps... which is still super fast. . . Note: I've been to many Hotels in Las Vegas, and I haven't found another one that offers speeds of over 1.3 Mbps upload.. . The buffet is okay if you are tired and do not want to go out, but if you have the time, for about $3 more, you can have an experience at the M hotel.  One of the best, and I have tried a few.  I would rate the buffets this way. . 1. The M, The Wynn, Caesar's Places, The Cosmopolitan... . 1A. The Aria, . 2. The Bellagio, The Mandalay Bay. . The Cheapest with good food. 1. The Red Rock. 2 Palace Station, Sunset Station
This review is for the Rush Tower VIP.  The rooms cost a little more but comes with a refrigerator, free Fugi water, coffee, internet, robes and slippers.  Also access to the Spa & Fitness which I did not visit.  My room was on the 22nd floor and I had to insert my card to get there in the elevator.  The beds and pillows are so comfortable and I had a great view of the city.  The bathroom ishuge, with double doors and double bowl sinks.  All the ameneites are nice.  My only gripe is the old plumbing.  The room smelled like poot upon entering and the entire stay.  Turns out it was coming from the pipes.  The smell was strongest in the closet which had some piping in the ceiling and the bathroom every time I turned on the faucet.  Good thing I had some febreeze handy.  Also, although the tub was really nice the draining was unbelieveably slow.  You might as well take a bath because after a few minutes of the shower being on the water was above my ankles.  Other than that I had a great stay.  The gift shop by the elevators had a 30% clearance section.  I actually got 2 nice shirts for $16 bucks after getting an additional percentage off at the register.  It's also open 24 hours which was a plus.
We did four days in a Great Room at the Mandalay Bay before moving downtown to an upgraded Rush Tower room and were expecting it to be a big letdown and it was just fine. Nowhere near as quiet as the SouthEnd but we wanted to try Downtown and the Fremont Street Xxperience and let me tell you that you will definitely HEAR the Fremont St. Experience starting at about 7pm LOUDLY in your room yet, until 10 and then gets quieter. Internet is NOT included and they would have actually charged us $13 A PIECE for 24 hours for EACH of our laptops, it is not a room rate; we are cheap enuf to just fire up one. What a racket. On the other hand NO $25 resort fee PLUS TAX like at the Mandalay Bay, only a $5 resort fee. We figure we saved at least $100 a night over the Mandalay Bay pricey weekend rate.. . The Room was very nice, housekeeping was less obtrusive than the Mandalay Bay who think they run that property. Much smaller than the Mandalay Bay complex but everything is there. We never smelled a hint of smoke in the Rush Tower and your walk anywhere, including outside to get to the front desk or a Walgreens, is MUCH shorter than the Mandalay Bay. Can't comment on the casino, we put our usual $2 into a slot machine and quit ahead. Food was ok, the coffee shop which we have enjoyed on previous trips, was closed so had to eat breakfast in the Grotto which was not a plus. GET their coupon book at checkin for 2 for one deals on meals, drinks, etc.. Fremont Street is fun but will get old fast, there are some interesting sights around the downtown and diverse less pricey food than The Strip, like the Kabob Corner (not on a corner). The Golden Nugget breakfast buffet particularly on a 2 for 1 deal is just fine, and if you get there just around 10:30 you'll get some lunch too. Parking is free and very easy. Don't miss the 3 level slide through the shark tank.. . I would say that the regular Golden Nugget rooms are just fine particularly if you are smokers, they have all been upgraded. If you detest cigarette smoke as much as we do, you want the Rush Tower.
Earlier this year, I took my very first trip to Vegas and this was the hotel where we stayed at. I must say, I was very impressed by it. Very nice looking hotel. Their outdoor pool had a cool water slide, which I got on many times, as well as a very nice looking aquarium, which had some big fish as well as some sharks in it!! That was very nice to see. The price for the room was not so bad(I figured rooms at Vegas hotels outside the Strip wouldn't be so pricey anyways!!) The room itself was nice. Small, but very cozy and nice...I mean come, who comes to Vegas to stay the whole time in a small cozy room...the party is outside!! Yes, the casino did reek of cigarettes, but who cares, its Vegas. I personally didn't mind the cigarette stink! The staff was overall friendly with us. Housekeeping was very prompt and well, we got lost trying to find our room, but hey, that is an experience we will always remember. Overall, I loved it here. Highly recommend to anyone looking to pay a cheap price for a nice hotel outside the Strip!!! Rock on dudes!!!
Much better trip! Stayed in the new Rush tower which was very nice and had it's own Valet and front desk with competent staff. Restaurants and casino are great!
I love downtown and almost always force my wife to stay there with me.  Used to be internet friends with the Hotel Manager at the El Cortez, and we stayed there numerous times.  I have also spent many nights at the Golden Gate. The Golden Nugget is my new favorite place to stay.  Now that we make a little more $, we can afford this place (we are cheap).  . . I LOVE the older Las Vegas vibe so smokey rooms don't bother me even though I'm a non-smoker.  My wife hates it.  We upgraded to a Gold Club Room at check-in having reserved a standard Carson room online weeks earlier.  I have never stayed in any other part of the hotel.  The room smelled like a cigar lounge when we walked in.  While all the GC rooms are non-smoking, I'm pretty sure that hasn't always been the case.  I've read on this board that the newest tower - Rush Tower - is smoke smell free.   We asked to smell a different room on our floor, and it stunk as well.  Housekeeping sprayed something that helped quite a bit, and we probably got used the smell over time as we used to do at the El Cortez.  . . We really dug the bed in the Gold Club Room.  It was very comfy.  I personally like the dark wood and stying of the rooms.  We learned this trip that these rooms are the only ones with wi-fi, and it costs $12.99 per 24 hours.  We paid for two days on only one of our laptops.  The couch area and the Plasma TV are nice touches.  . . The bathroom is a little cramped.  We are used to getting ready together, and that is almost impossible.  The doors of the closet and shower and room all seem to collide together in the same small area when opened.  The shower door opens like a closet and so there is a space between the door and the rest of the glass so water always leaks out onto the floor.  I suppose the rainfall shower is cool, but I like water pressure and this style of a shower head doesn't provide that.. . Housekeeping staff was awesome, and I tipped them $5 a day.  They never rushed us and always honored the do not disturb sign.  I'm always happy to find an iron and ironing board in the room though this time we didn't use it.  There are two robes in the bathroom closet.  Overall this is a room that I would rate 5 stars but considering the smoke and the Mrs, I'm going with 4.  Maybe I'll try to book a Rush Tower Gold Club room next time.  However, I'm sure it won't have the "old vegas" feel i like.
I stayed here with my fiance this past Saturday for a night while in downtown Vegas.  After a long flight in and not too short taxi ride we were ready to get to our room and get comfortable.  Unfortunately the check-in line here took about 20 minutes to get through and its not like there were a ton of people in front of us, maybe 5 groups.  The problem was that they only had two people working the desk to check people in.  Thankfully this would be the only issue that I had with the Golden Nugget.  Whenever we finally made it to room I thought that it looked pretty large and had a comfortable bed.  Yes some of the prints on things like the curtains were pretty hideous but I don't need to like the decor for the room to be comfortable.  Since we were staying at the Golden Nugget we were also able to enjoy The Tank which is their pool area and one of the main reasons we booked here.  In the middle of the area is a humongous shark tank which a slide goes through.  Awesome.  The whole pool area is actually pretty although I wish the pool had better hours than the 10-5 that you are allowed to swim.. . The bottom line for me is that I would stay here again in the future.  Four stars for the only four star hotel downtown as the room was nice, The Tank pretty awesome, now if they could only cut down on the wait time during check in.
I had a pretty pleasant stay-cation here, but how could you not when your two-night mid-week stay costs $100? It was G2E, couldn't find a room on the strip that wasn't $200+/night, so downtown it was.. . Beds are fairly comfortable, rooms are clean, and we treated it ultimately as a place to crash after going out on the Strip. It's definitely not the Cosmopolitan, but I'd stay here over the Imperial Palace (or Quad or whatever it is) any day. . . The buffet is sick nasty, but they give you a 2-for-1 coupon when you check in...if you're that desperate for food, it's not the worst. They also give out match play coupons, coupons for their shows, free drinks, you name it. They have to compete in a really saturated market, you know?. . The casino is huge and has pretty cheap tables if you're into that. Downtown is always an interesting cultural experience, and chillin' at the Golden Nugget is no exception....just ask my friend who walked through the casino swathed in a blanket from the Cosmopolitan at 7am.
We stayed in the Carson tower! Room was perfect, no complaints, very quiet on the 19th floor. The aquarium/pool was awesome! Honestly, had a great experience here and what a nice hotel for being down town!
Had a blast! As good as it gets Downtown! 4th stay with these guys and will go back.
Pretty nice hotel, rooms was updated recently. We stayed in the Carson tower since and the room was well worth the $55.00 plus tax that we paid. The pool and water slide was also awesome! The only downsides was the room air conditioner that did not seem to work very well, and the bathtub also had some draining issues. Other than that we'd stay again.
Right in the middle of downtown on Fremont Street, the Golden Nugget is a piece of classic Las Vegas!. . Staying here during a weekend-long event, the hotel and it's casino, pool, and buffet areas were 'home base' and 'ground zero' for a huge group of party-goers-- and since we had booked our room through the group's room block months in advance, the rates were pretty reasonable, too (not so reasonable outside of the room block, though: it seems that the Nugget was charging quite a bit more for whatever rooms were still available on the weekend we were there due to a festival going on at the same time).  Our room was clean, spacious, and comfortable, and the staff were great.. . The hotel pool here has been featured in magazines and television shows: it features a huge shark tank with a waterslide running through it!  A pretty amazing piece of work, and a blast to ride. :)  The buffet wasn't anything to get too excited about, but not a bad deal, either: all you can eat with a few cook-to-order stations for $13 on weekdays or with mimosas for $19 on weekends.  Of course, there are plenty of slot machines and table games in the casino here, too.  Fun place!
Downtown Freemont Street has come a long way since I started coming to Vegas and the Golden Nugget with its recent multi-million dollar make over is no exception. The new Rush Tower is the place to stay here. The rooms are nice (although sometimes there is a smell of sewer) and the views are stunning. . . The casino itself is fun with lots of things to do and look at. I play roulette and though I lost (Vegas wasn't built on winners) the experience of losing my money was fun. The bars are all legit but a bit on the expensive side for downtown Vegas. There are a lot of places to eat in the hotel and two different Starbucks to choose from. . . The pool is a fun area to hang out at but the slide made me nervous (sharks scare me) but it is very pretty to look at the aquarium from the outside. There are lots of chaise loungers and a hot tub. There is also an upstairs pool called The Hideout but it's $20 for a lounger even if you are a guest at the hotel. It's a smaller area but there are no kids allowed which is a plus.. . Whenever I come to Vegas and want to stay downtown, this is where I come.
We stayed in the Rush Tower facing Fremont street.  You could hear the music from there, but just barely.  We had a regular room, nothing fancy.  The bathroom was huge though with a double vanity.  The bed was comfy and the TV worked.  We didn't spend much time in the room, but overall it was pretty nice.  My only complaint is $12.99 per day for internet? . . The Casino was pretty standard with most of the table games.  The dealers were pretty friendly, but the pit bosses weren't.  I had much more fun at other casino's.  We didn't get a car so we took taxis everywhere.  The Valets did an outstanding job in my opinion.  They were extremely helpful and very friendly.  I would definitely stay here again.
A lot of people seem to either like or hate the old Vegas. Me personally, I enjoyed it. It's cheaper for everything from rooms, to food, to drink. Not to mention this hotel is at the very heart of Fremont Street, which is why most people visit the old Vegas.. . Stayed in an upgraded room Gold Tower. First perk I noticed was the 24/7 candy/nut and water bar in elevator lobby on our way to our room. In the room itself there were  CDs, a DVD player, and an HD TV.. . The room itself was very ambient, almost posh. To give an example, the mirror in the bathroom has a TV in it. I don't see that kind of flair very often.. . The downside to this room was the tub/shower itself. It was difficult to take one due to the spacing issues and just seem to be broken down and/or not working the way that is expected of such.. . Other than the tub/shower issue, it was a pretty nice stay for $140/night during our visit. Will definitely come here again. And if you end up giving this place a try, dish out the extra money for Gold Tower rooms, they're worth it for the price.
The sharks!...that was amazing, they have a shark tank where they throw their none paying clients.....no I am kidding!!!. . you can sit by the patio/pull and watch the aquarium...very soothing and relaxing.. . The best part if you like noise and traffic, next to the hotel is the largest screen anywhere in a form of a curved ceiling, where they show this fantastic acid videos with loud music...
We stayed here for my wedding weekend in Vegas and I was pleased at everything.. Service was great, the rooms were good.  We first checked in to our suite and it looked beautiful but smelled like smoke so bad.  So I went downstairs and asked to switch rooms, almost instantly the lady was able to switch us and was very kind.  . The food here is good.  Must eat at Charthouse.  . I enjoy downtown almost better than the strip because you can just relax.. Would recommend anyone staying in Downtown or wanting to, to stay here.
I was around here for business, not gambling, so this is mostly a review of the hotel.. . Ya know, for the price it's a GREAT hotel.  I found the rooms clean, nicely decorated, friendly staff service, good bathrooms and very comfortable beds.  The room smelled fine.  Free parking.  They build the "resort fee" into the price so there's no bullshit "surprise, it's $17 more per day!".. . Con:  . -no free wifi (like $12 a day or something). -$20 per day to use the gym, but if you do you have access to the hot tub, sauna, really nice bathrooms with free-to-borrow robes, slippers, grooming supplies...a bit pricey for those who really want to work out several times but you do feel very pampered!. . . Can't tell you about the casino floor but there were several good restaurants, nice sushi place, starbucks, etc.  Not to mention the AMAZING pool!  Where else are you going to have a three story water slide that goes through a shark tank?  No where else, that's where.  . . People love to hate on downtown casinos but I found the Golden Nugget thoroughly good for everything I needed.
I have not stayed here yet but that is my next goal. I love to eat here and gamble,  this hotel is so beautiful. I have gambled here b4 but i would enter from Fremont St and exit the same way this time we walked the entire hotel i was surprised that they let us roam the pool area, as we were not guest and anyone thats been to Vegas knows how most will not let u in certain areas, but we asked the guy stationed at the door if we could go n & take some pic he said sure.The restrooms r huge and always clean. This hotel rivals anyplace on the strip as far as the common areas r concerned, remember i havent seen the rooms yet, the shark and fish tanks the gorgeous decor, plenty of staff at every turn if u need something, and the free drinks while u gamble actually have alcohol in them i.e the rum punch is delicious, the nightclub,The Gold Digger music was da bomb, i didnt know any downtown hotels even had clubs and alot of stores inside if u like to shop. My next review will b after i stay here.
Not bad at all!  We all know that there are a ton of hotel/casinos to choose from in Vegas, on and off the Strip.  In general, the more you pay, the better the quality.  If you're looking for a comparatively inexpensive but decent hotel and casino in Vegas, look no further than the Golden Nugget.  The rooms are certainly a little worn, but quite well maintained.. . The floor has quite a lot of space, and a good number of slots, tables, and places to sink your $$$ in style.  I had pretty good luck with the 25 cent machines this time. The buffets here aren't cheap, but the food selection, especially for the Sunday Brunch, was impressive.  They also have a pool with a multi-story water slide, a vending machine that dispenses gold, and no matter where you are in the hotel, you're never far from a drink.. . Minuses?  It's smoky, although that's de rigueur in all the casinos around.  Now really though guys, THREE DOLLARS for a bottle of Dasani water out of the vending machine? Stupid!  You can get a deck of used playing cards for a dollar, but a 20 oz bottle for water for three?  Sheesh.. . I could go around quibbling about a dozen things, but what I really need to be focusing on in this review is how GOOD the Golden Nugget really is--and there's a lot if awesome here.  Looking for a spot in Vegas that won't break the bank (unless you let it)?  Want to bring the kids too?  Try the Golden Nugget.
As a hotel, this was a great experience. I was nervous about not being on The Strip but the price was right. My room was $60 compared to $250 at hotels like The Mirage.. . Likes:. -My room was huge. King-size bed with enough room to easily fit two more in the room. It was also very clean and looked updated.. -The pool. This was one of the main reasons I picked this hotel. . . Dislikes:. -$12.99 for 24 hours of wi-fi is ridiculous! . -There's a Keurig in the room that you're charged $6 to use. Skip it and use the Starbucks downstairs.. -Security seems weak. Anyone can go upstairs to where the hotel rooms are.
