Best night: FRIDAY. They are known to be the club to go to on Friday night. . . I might be pampered because I have an amazing promoter who takes care of my party but I can say this is the club to go to (at least once if you are in Vegas). Like anywhere in Vegas, always easier with a larger ratio of girls. There are two lines (guestlist line and all girl line). Admission I believe is $20? . . Downstairs is the restaurant and a bar/lounge area. Upstairs is where the club is at and is two levels (second level has tables and the restrooms). Music is good and I know TAO is known to be the "asian club" but the three times I have been to Vegas (and at TAO), the crowd is pretty diverse. I always have a great time here.
I love this place simply because I've never paid cover to party and I've always had a great time. The club space and the theme inside is amazing. They also have three main rooms that play different beats through the night. Their staff is not the aggressive type that are just looking for you to trip on the floor and blame you of being drunk to kick you out.... Actually, sometimes... but in my last times at TAO they've been really cool. By the way, if you're reading this and you want a hook-up for admission and/or tables, please message me and I will send you the right way. . . TAO is a bit pricey at the bar so expect to make it rain for the bartenders. Then again, all drinks in Vegas clubs are expensive. . . Every night I've been at TAO has been a great night that I will always remember. I know people complain about long lines and getting pushed around but I guess it's not the same when you're VIP.. . Shoutouts to Mike Nagar and the CrowdContrlowCrew!
Why hello, Vegas nightlife.  Nice to meet you. :]  It was Friday night and my friends and I came to dance!  Our ratio was totally horrible (5 guys, 3 girls), but with the proper hookups we got in VIP with 2 complimentary drink tickets/person (guys $15 and girls free).. . Straight to the dance floor!. . ++The Venue++.  Decadent decor for those who want to sit and admire the scenery.  There are 2 rows of random sinks when you enter the club.  Use these to wash your hands after touching too many people, lol. . ++The Dance Floor++. - Young, hip crowd (mostly Asian)! . - Well ventilated dance floor and spacious enough to maneuver through. - Good use of aerial space: there was a woman who floated over the crowd, go-go dancers lining the walls, and bubbles falling from the sky!. - The bouncers were kind enough.. - The DJ on the main dance floor that night could have been better. He covered the Top 40's, sure, but if you know anything about DJ-ing, it's all about smooth transitions between songs.  This guy used "PUT YOUR HANDS UP" and the blaring police siren sound clip transitions WAY TOO OFTEN.  It totally sends your ears ringing and sounds terrible.. - TOO MANY guys trying to grab some ass here. . . ++The Bar++. I ordered some fun drinks, a margarita and sex on the beach, with my drink tix. Quick service and the bartender was always down to hand me a glass of water.  A nice fellow bought me a vodka-redbull ($16) and that drink packed a punch!  I couldn't even finish it.  . . Overall, TAO is a pretty sweet place to enjoy a night in Vegas.  So much novelty in this club.  It's worth a look!
Some of the best music clubs in Vegas.  One of the most packed and hot places in Vegas, which makes this place deadly to go to in the summer.  Bring a towel.  Spin it around your head like a helicopter.  Just kidding, kinda.. . If you don't know anyone to hook you up with anything at TAO, like it seems everyone does, you could at least go down to the Taxi booth and ask them for any comp cards that might get some girls comped and guys down to $10 instead of $20.  That helps, right?  Try and keep a lookout for nights where they have open bar for the ladies from 9-10?  or maybe 10-11.  Something like that.  There are insane amounts of people here though, let me repeat, insane amounts of people.  It will be moist in there.  HOLLA!
Very swanky club...great atmosphere and theme...if you are a Venetian guest you can get on the VIP list and in free
this is a review for the restaurant only....got a comped dinner here with some of my girlfriends. we got hooked up! the dinner had a little bit of everything and honestly i couldn't even tell you what some of it was. there was some sushi, vegetarian fried rice, shrimp wontons, salad, edamame.it was a very generous dinner, way more then we expected. our server was f-ing fantastic. he brought us a round of shots in addition to our cocktails and was like "drink up bitches". LOL. love it. service was great, they were really on top of it making sure that plates were cleared, water glasses were filled, etc. i would definitely consider coming back as a regular patron. =)
I had soooooooo much fun here! :D This was one of the only clubs we went to here so until I come back to Vegas, this is my fave Vegas club:) Music was great, atmosphere was great, people there were great..it was all around a great club lol
Probably my favorite club in Vegas. Always had a great time here (based on 5+ visits). Great DJ's, plenty of room, and always fun. I recommend Tao to anybody trying to get it in!. . ALSO: The rooftop setup was bangin' too!
The place is amazing! I loved the atmosphere and the decor. It is quite massive but they pack everyone in there very close together. We had reservations and we didn't have to wait long for our table, even though it was a Saturday night at 7pm. The food was delicious and the staff were very friendly, fast, and knowledgable.
We had a great time at Tao!  The place is huge, the music is good, and the drinks are strong!  My only regret is that we didn't get a table - we ended up paying as much on drinks at the bar.  My cost saving measure ended up costing us more in the long run - ha!. . The line is a little confusing.  Some of the guys at the door are jack asses - so skip them and go to the next one.  Don't take it personally and you'll find a cool one that will let you in more quickly if you are friendly. Ladies typically get in free if you smile sweetly.
I've always had a good time at TAO. They must mix the drinks really well, because I always think they're weak, but by the time midnight hits, I'm blacked out, and being escorted out by a bouncer (truth: it's happened twice). The decor is asian-inspired and the crowd is pretty decent looking. I like the music that they play here. The models/dancers are an interesting addition, they're very scantily dressed -only having little flowers covering their private parts. . . With a promoter, you'll never have to wait in a long line, especially if your group consists of a majority of girls. You can go up to tao beach if you want to escape from the crowd and relax. Like most other clubs in Vegas, the bouncers here are strict, so don't get too loose. Oh yeah, and make sure you lock your door when you go to the bathroom, or else everyone can see through the transparent door while you take a piss.
Great food and chic nightclub! This is one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas. It's spacious with multiple rooms and floors. Be prepared to wait in LONG lines, unless of course you're rolling in with 15 hot ladies and/or know a party promoter.. . Guys that flock in all-male groups, be prepared to wait in line and fork over money, which I hear can go up to $200 bucks if a celebrity pays a visit. If you want to step to the front of the line and you have enough people to chip in, I highly recommend getting bottle service to skip the hassle.. . Here's another quick tip to get in for free. Eat at the Restaurant (Tao Asian Bistro). Make sure you make reservations at around 9 PM. Once you're done with dinner, you can get in the club through a back entrance for free. Food is descent...it's one up from PF Chang's--they have some pretty good options to choose from. . . Dinner and dancing? Yes, please! Back way entrance...even better (no bottle service needed).
My goodness, I've basically grown-up (Club-wise) with Tao. I've probably been 10 or so times and I still believe it is one of the better clubs out there. BUT, it is not as amazing as it once was. . . Now, they close off the top-level on busy nights and that causes the other two levels to get ridiculously over-crowded (and alot of the crowdedness is just due to Tao's ever-increasing popularity). But, the decor at this place is the best i've seen and the girls are always ready to let-loose and have a good time (typically not the stuck up crowd). It also has a great mix of ethnicitiies...it has everything you could ever want in a club!. . And the best part of all is this guy Taoboda! He can get your entire group past the line and in for free before 11 AND all the girls get free drinks from 10-11. What an awesome hook-up!. . Taoboda alone keeps this place at a 4-star club for me despite its recent downfalls in other areas.
I have always had a good time when I come here, maybe it's because I tend to drink to much and have fun with just about everything, but I never leave with a disappointing experience.  . . First..This place gets packed!  You will wait in line for awhile unless you have a VIP hookup or have a table. In most the cases I have gone I have gotten a table.. . Second:  The place is pretty large, has a few different levels with music styles.  The decor is stunning and that makes it fun.. . I have always received great table service here.  The drinks are decent.. . Like any vegas club it's crowded and overpriced lol, but fun none the less.  I recommend it.  As stated above make sure you adhere to dress code, as lame as it is Vegas is strict about that..
It is really hard for me to write an honest review for this place.  I have so many partial memories, that everything kinda blurs together... but I will soldier on and try my best.. . Part 1 Review: Restaurant. . So if you have had a chance to eat here, it isn't too bad.  The food is a little bit salty, but when you are way wasted (which I was at the time), salt is good.  It is typical Asian fusion with your obligatory sushi rolls.  I had some grilled sea bass and a sushi roll which was decent.  Besides, ordering dinner here was a decent and quick way to get full and get into the club.. . Part 2 Review: Club. . As I mentioned above, I have been to Tao a lot of times.  It all kind of blends together, from raiding a bachelorette, to meeting Jesus and the Apostles hanging out with the 300 Spartans (it was one of the Halloweens I was at.... or maybe bits and pieces of two different Halloweens???), to being hungover as soon as I walked in at 11:00pm because I drank all day and then stopped for a couple hours.... you get the picture.  I have had a lot of fun fun times at Tao and it is definitely a go to place for me.  Even though it can get UBER crowded all the time, when they open up the Tao Beach area for night time (my favorite place), it is awesome.
Great music, happy people and an open bar! Heck ya I'm a fan of Tao.... One of my girlfriends had a run in with one of the promoters the night before, and he told us to come to Tao for their open bar the following night... When we came there, we had the benefit of not having to wait in line and we also got in for free (is it even a cover?), and passes for the open bar. What a great way to start our night in Sin City!. . The club is pretty big, and we immediately went upstairs to the bars and the dance floor... downed a couple of free drinks then we were good to go... off to the dance floor!! AWESOME music! I could dance all night if it wasn't for the fact that my fab heels decided to make my feet hurt :/. I love the decor of the club and how they have beds spread out around the place. I mean... in case someone get tired... . I ordered my drinks from the bar right to the left of when you get upstairs and I was served by a really friendly bartender. I wish I could remember his name, but anyways, the service alone deserves five stars!!! . I will definitely come back on my next visit!
The restaurants food definately wasnt the greatest, in fact it was really shitty. Lol But our main purpose of coming here wasnt for the food., it was the Line Pass stamp u get for the Tao night club. The staff and the service from our server and a floor supervisor was surperb ! made up for the crappy food. they offered us a new entree since I didnt even touch mines. but there was just nothing appetizing on the menu ! so I didnt bother to get anything else. but they were kind enuff not to charge me for it and sent over a great complimentry dessert platter at the end. The bus boi how ever were really rude. he spilt soy a sauce on my friend and wasnt very apologetic at all. but like i said the other ppl made up for the lack of service from the bus bois.. . The Line Pass gave us comp entry into the night club. and we were intructed to come in around 10:30 so that we didnt have to wait in line. We finished dinner at 9:30 and there was a HUGE massive line up outside already. crazie. went to grab a few a drinks. came back at 10:30 walked right in and had a great time.  Club is packed as hell. So we stayed in our cozy corner and didnt explore much. there was just too much ppl.. . If I recommened this restaurant for anything its to come here and eat something and get urself a line pass stamp for the club. abasaloeutly worth it. dun expect too much from the food though =). . oh and a plus. when we left around..i forgot the time lol  but  they gave us little black Tao flip flops which I thought was  a nice touch cuz everywhere u look u see beautiful girls walkin around bare feet and holding onto thier heels. =)
I'm a fan of Tao. My friends and I are usually able to get in for free and get wristbands for free drinks. I love lounging on Tao beach and people watching. Good music and a good crowd. $12 for well drinks.
We make it a point to come and get the Kobe Beef Sashimi everytime we come to Vegas. It is absolutely the most amazing thing in the entire world! Our experience there has always been amazing. The waiters are so friendly and so helpful! The four stars is for the Kobe Beef Sashimi and the great staff!
First thing I have to say is either get bottle service or know someone.  It is always ridiculously crowded but if you have a table or go to the back corner of the bar (near the exit signs) youll have some room.  Luckily we knew the DJ (DJ Five) so we were able to get a few drinks and stand in the DJ booth.  . . I have been here several times, but I did not realize behind the DJ booth there is an patio that overlooks the strip.  So if it gets too crowded inside you can step out there for a breather.. . The decor is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Even though it is usually so busy, if you can fight the crowds, you can still have a fun time and get drinks.
I would have given a 5 star, but they have small dance floor.
Vegas Clubbing at it's best. Not the biggest club, but the most fun. Music was on point and so was the crowd. Ladies got free drinks until 10:30...NICE. Dance floor was a bit small and so was the balcony, but when your dancing and having fun it does not really matter, i think sober people would complain more about this, but i was not one of those people. Club fills up quickly and it can be a challenge to exit the club. Staff and Security was very nice when dealing with Drunk individuals. Next time i'm in Vegas I will be back at Tao.
I don't know if it's the layout or the reputation of TAO, but it's always jammed packed and full of beautiful bodies!. . First of, the food here is pretty damn good! There hasn't really been anything that disappointed me. . . Definitely try the Lobster Wonton Soup if you get the chance. The wontons are very meaty and the soup is the perfect balance.. . The Orange Chicken was a little sweet but really hit the spot, good portion size too.. . Buddha Chicken may sound a little racist but holy god!! It was some of the tastiest chicken I've ever had.. . *If you dine here, you can get your admission comp'd for the nightclub (requires order of entree over $20). . Lastly, the club itself is in another league of its own. Very big and so many different aspects, levels, and traits that I haven't even ventured to all of them. It's so big, vast and EASY TO LOSE YOUR GROUP because it's always crowded.. . Here's a scenario for you, you're on the dancefloor having a good time, surrounded by friends and some beautiful girls... you're definitely feeling the music with every beat and you're just fist pumping the night away. Then a dazzling female acrobat comes swinging from the ceiling and dances around while a shower of faux snow comes falling down and trickles on everyones hair and you keep dancing and just go with the flow of the night... then BANGGG! A flutter and flash of confetti comes down while the music gets turned up and you get hyped up and the night is just beginning... you know it's going be a good night :)
It is just an epic spot. Luckily I was with 4 beautiful women dancing on the wall. We were quite popular. Not really me of course. Food was great. Still talking about steak tartar tempura.
Free entrance and free drinks for an hour!!!  . . Haven't been to a club in a long time.  I don't feel I should pay an entrance fee for anything, except for amusement park or national parks.  . . Well, had fun dancing with the Hub and Friends.  Got there early so we had a spot to dance.  Left around 1 am and there was still a long line of people trying to get in.  I wouldn't pay to get in at a late time because there was not enough space to walk.  Basically, it was crowded to a point where everyone is body to body.  . . My friend told me she was elbowed constantly on her back by some rude chick while they were dancing.  So the ghetto-ness came out her and she punched her back!  That's clubbing!
This restaurant did not disappoint.  Delicious food, fantastic ambiance and excellent service.. . Here with a group of 40 people, we had pre-arranged a group dinner with Tao that included a set menu at a certain price.  We were treated to tons of food served family style including, pad thai, egg rolls, wasabi encrusted filet mignon and the most amazing desserts that came with fortune cookies with hysterical fortunes.  Coming from Miami, the specialty cocktails seemed fairly priced at $13 each.. . Several round tables were placed on the second level where we could look down on the restaurant and the giant buddha.  Amazingly, these tables were whisked away after our dinner when Tao converts into a nightclub.. . As dinner guests we were stamped on our hands so we could enter the club sans cover charge.  Unfortunately, the stamp didn't give us a short cut.  We still had to go all the way downstairs, exit Tao and get back into a short line, only to go back all the way upstairs to enter the club.. . The club had a great vibe with music I could dance to, but it seemed like the way to go here is VIP.  If you're going to wear 4 inch heels then you need a place to sit and the Club offers nowhere to rest your feet unless you pay for bottle service.  Walking around, you can find bar areas that are less crowded if you move away from the dance floor. . . I didn't last too long in the club because it seemed like it was packed with bachelor/bachelorette parties or prom attendees.  It was a weird scene early in the night filled with tourists who packed their gawdiest outfit simply because they believed you can get away with it in Vegas.. . Bottomline:  I'd come here again for sure for the restaurant experience, but I wouldn't stay for the club experience unless I wanted to relive my twenties.
I was happy the price for sushi and drinks wasn't bad (~14 per drink or dish) and service was actually fast when I told our waiter at 6:45 pm, we needed to make a concert at Caesar's by 8 pm.  I didn't mention that we arrived an hour late for our original reservation.   . . We ordered 2 drinks and 4 plates (appetizers and sushi).  Mmm.. Tuna on crunchy rice (two orders please!).  My friend was particularly impressed by the potato vodka used in her martini.  . . Our waiter told us to return later after our concert to get stamps and bypass line for the club.  We didn't take them up on it this time, but maybe next time. . . I've been to Tao Nightclub before.  In terms of Jet, Tryst, Pure and smaller lounges like Caramel and Shadowbar ... I would do Tao or Jet to dance, Pure if I want to spot a celeb, and Tryst if I don't want to feel claustrophobic and want to see a big waterfall.  The lounges are good if I don't want to deal with lines or if we have a diverse group that doesn't want to deal with politics of getting into a club.
Club Only Review:. Tips for girls:. 1. Get in touch with a promoter. . 2. Come EARLY, the line gets ridiculously long.. 3. Free drinks til 11 & if your group is cute enough they'll let you sit at a table until its bought! . . Tao can get super crowded, but one of the better clubs in vegas!! And whenever I go, there's a good mixed crowd!
Went on a Thursday night, passed the line from being on the guest list. The decor is probably my favorite of all the clubs in Vegas. Get there early and with a buzz to enjoy the dance floor and the patio before it gets too busy. The bouncers and bartenders were really friendly compared to other places. Left once it started getting too cramped and it took forever to get to the bathroom and out of the club. But the staff was friendly, drinks were strong, didn't wait in line, and the music was good.
When it comes to nightclubs, heed my advice! As someone who knows the nightlife (though mostly from a VIP perspective), I know what I'm talking about. Tao is always safe, fun and packed. Drinks are expensive. Need a "hook-up" from a VIP Host? Send me a note, I'll have you covered.
On the restaurant side of the house, I had a pretty amazing meal. Had three different appetizers, and damn the crab cakes where Amazing! Some great sake, which I recommend ordering with a shot of chambord in it. Main coarse, had some of the best tuna I ever tasted. Tried the orange chicken, good, but I would go for something else. You can get that anywhere. The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 is the price. Prepare to folk over some money. The service was great, more than one server, so your always taking care of. I will be back!!!
The pork potstickers w a chile sesame glaze and the Thai crab cakes w mango chili sauce were amazing. The XO Chinese long beans and the fried rice w the crab was also yummy! the prices weren't bad considering the great service and great food we had.
This review is for the restaurant - you pretty much go here for the atmosphere. The decor when dining is beautiful! There is so much to look at and very authentic pieces. The space is huge so you do not feel crowded by any means and you forget how large the place actually it. Food was great but I had extremely high hopes so I was expecting out of this world because of all the buzz on this place. Sushi is fresh and cocktails are delicious!!!
been back a few times since living there and various other clubs and I have to say that TAO is stilly my favorite. (:
Been to Tao 4 or 5 times now. Once for Halloween, a few times because we stayed there, and once again this past weekend. They're doing much better of organizing the multitude of lines that you have to be in to get into the club.. . There's a line for Table Service, Guest List, Hotel Guest, General Admission and probably a Hot Girl line, but i'm no hot girl so i'll never see that line.. . Before this weekend there would basically be a hundred people milling around the front entrance trying to figure out which line was which and getting frustrated because you were in the wrong line and only to find out again you were in the right line but you're in the back now.. . They now have lines outside the casino/mall for the guest list and hotel guests and make you walk up the fire escape stairs straight up three stories to the pool area first. That pretty much sucked for all the girls in heels. You can head into the main area but you have to pass the bouncer directing everyone up to the top before you come back down into the main dance area.. . The girls got wrist bands for free drinks for the first hour and drank up until then. The place gets really crowded so don't be offended if some dude is grinding up on your ass because you're doing the same to him.
My sister and I had our sister's bachelorette celebration here and it was a success.  We booked a table directly through them which the price wasn't too bad if everyone pitches in and best of all, you don't have to wait in line.  Our server was the best!  She always made sure we had enough drinks and even stood by our table almost the whole night.  Music was great, too! . This club is pretty big consisting 3 rooms but it does get crowded so try to arrive a bit early so you get a good spot (if you don't book a table).  Decor is really nice.  They are strict when it comes to dress code so make sure you dress to impress.
Another Vegas trip, another trip to Tao, this time at the "Owner's Table" (douche alert). You figure this would be good. Nope. I'm going to have to knock off a star after being able to see how inefficient this place is setup while dancing on top of my table. With a bottle of cheap Ketel in my hand. Like the huge tool I am.. . Specifically, Tao's kind of annoying because there are obviously a few hotspots (and not even necessarily just the dance floors) that are ridiculously packed and make people want to throw some 'bows like Laimbeer in '90. The only place that can get worse at times is XS, but anyone of normal stature is cool there since most of the other patrons are 5'6" or shorter.. . Tao's experience could be significantly improved if they would just add a few more attractions to certain parts of the club to draw/disperse adjacent overcrowded areas. . . Take for example that awkward bar/curtained table section that's directly on your left when you exit the main dance floor. All you'd need to do is throw in another 2 girls massaging each other on antique Asian furniture to ease overcrowding. Or throw in that weird American Indian dude from the Black Eyed Peas who always seems to be around (last weekend being no exception). . . Actually, since this part of the venue is rife with either old dudes blowing Camel smoke everywhere or younger wallflowers leaning on that random wallshelf near the bathroom, make that 4 girls or 2 BEP members.. . See? Problem solved. I'm like the third Asian Waits brother.. . P.S. To the girl whose head I poured straight vodka on three or four times over the course of last Sat/Sun:. . Oops.
My husband and I were in Vegas from May 12-15th.  We went to Tao Nightclub on the 12th and 13th and also had dinner there on the 13th.  First the Restaurant:. . The food and cocktails were both delicious.  I had the shrimp/crab/asparagus role and spicy tuna with avacado role for my entree.  Both were very good, especially the spicy tuna.  I had the orange dragon martini, which was also delicious.  Service was a little slow (even at 11:45 pm!) but the waiter was polite and helpful.  The only annoying thing about dinner was that in order to get free club entry after your meal, you have to make sure you order properly from the menu and then get your receipt checked, and THEN get your hand stamped, AND THEN go all the way to the front of the restaurant, wait in another line, and get stamped again to go back upstairs.  Maybe this is less burdensome if you are seated downstairs, but we were literally right next to the club entrance upstairs and it was kind of a pain to go all the way back out to get back in.... . But it was worth it for the club!  Yes, it was a small main dance floor, and yes the drinks were expensive, but the vibe there is amazing!  The club is beautiful, the music was great, the people were beautiful, the "dancing girls" were riveting, and the balcony had a great view of the strip.  I had more fun there than I have had in a very long time!  I highly reco
Hit up Tao a couple minutes past 11.  The line was already wrapped well around the second floor stores.  Luckily for us, we knew a promoter who got us in within minutes.  We managed to get in our girls for free, and the guys only had to pay 20 for cover on a Friday night.  All night long, the bartenders kept the drinks strong.  Expect to pay Vegas prices for drinks.  The main floor kept playing hip hop jams all night.  The outdoors played house music.  I liked the diverse music and crowd.  Most people in the crowd were pretty young as well.  The interior is really nice.  Be aware that it does tend to get more and more crowded as the night gets later.. . PROTIP:  Come during summer when its warm so they open up the outside areas; the party is alot more cracking when the outdoor cabanas are open.
Okay 3 stars for the food, but the overall ambiance and my experience gives it a bias ass star sue me.... I guess living in L.A. for long periods of time does spoil you, with that said it would of took a group headless Samurai chefs to prepare and slice my meat at the table to impress me here but I digress.. . The best thing I had by far was the Kobe beef sashimi, this was superb the meat was melt in you mouth tender tore by the chopsticks me and my partner devoured this quickly. For my main . course I chose the mandarin fried rice with duck, wasabi crusted filet mignon with the blandest tempura onion stack I've ever had.. (ahum) . This was just pretty much what I expected though, the wasabi doesn't really come thru much at all so its basically just a crusty mess on top of your filet. . The rice was equivalent to 1$ Chinese in my book and my partner had the coconut shrimp which I cant stand at any restaurant so Ill bite my tongue now... =)~ Their Lychee martini was slamming though!  Same as for my Sake, cant remember which one?. . I liked the decor we satright  on the upper level directly across from the Buddha with the pond, eye candy for the soul... and its Vegas so you cant help but to love the random drunks screaming at the top of there lungs occasionally while you fine dine Bravo!!
This review is for the nightclub only but my experience at TAO was a good one. Went  to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend with a bunch of friends for a college reunion trip. Basically every single promoter we ran into  warned us that if we tried to go anywhere after 11pm on this weekend the capacity would be maxed out and we would be waiting in line for hours- this pretty much held true. We got to TAO around 10:30 (Where the line was already wrapped around the corner). By luck found the promoter we were talking to all day and he hooked us up with guys with a table who needed a group of girls to even out their ratio to get in. We were able to bypass the line and enter through VIP/Hotel Guests line and to top it off we got in for free! The club itself is gorgeous, like any other Vegas club- super chic, trendy, posh. It was three levels, has a roof deck and various rooms for dancing and socializing, a little bit of something for everyone! I was very surprised with prices of drinks. I honestly thought I would be paying 15$ a mixed drink but everything was moderately priced, a vodka soda was about 9$. All in all the venue was great- a club is a club it's what you make of it but as for space and atmosphere it was a great time! I think if your new to the Vegas scene and want a great place to go TAO should be at the top of your list!
Asian fusion means that there is something for everyone. The duck spring rolls and pork potsticker dumplings were excellent. Sushi rolls were mediocre.
This is a graand club, which is why... This is almost like a default club for me... out of one of the nights on a mini getaway for a  weekend of sin, this place is usually attended.   . . I'll talk about bottle service since i'm sure there is enough yelps on the club itself.. . Experienced having B.Service on 3 spots of Tao... so far =P. #2. Roof Top w/ the really far bathroom that you have to travel pass an Olympic sized pool to get too =P  but definitely a good scene to be at out of the 3 because you have AIR! at the same time getting your party on.... . #3. Middle section (balcony) which overlooks the Main dance floor with the bathtubs and dancers surrounding it.. you go up the stairs after the Mens B.Room on the main floor.  this is nice if you are with a fatty group and somewhat want to be secluded since only your table and whoever else has tables will be around you. You have a view of the entire party and can definately people watch while getting drunk and having a great time with the people you are with.. . #1. Main Floor... ground level where the dance floor is table service, rite smack center of the main.  Good thing about this spot is that its roped off and bouncers enforce it strictly! you are in the heart of the party WITH ROOM! (thanks to bouncers/security and red rope block).  If you are a mingler, like to be around the crackin spot, and an opportunity to meet someone new and make friends every minute... this is the spot, this is my #1 of the 3 comparison.
Poppin bottles on ice.. like a blizzard. . . This place is popppppinnnn! The music is blasting, a ton of people, hot go-gos, lots of tables, and bars. . . The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars would be the dance floor. It's not that big. You're gauranteed to dance shoulder to shoulder with that one really sweaty guy next you. . . Other than that, this place is awesome!
I don't know why this place doesn't have a higher rating but whatever. I had a blast coming here with my friends on a Friday night and another great thing was that we were able to get in for free, thanks to my promoter Mike Nagar =). . Since we were on the guestlist, we came here a little before opening, got in after like 15 minutes, and we were lead to the Tao Beach area. Omg... the stairs to go up to the club was soooo tiring... I wish there were elevators. But it was okay... a great thing was that it was open bar for ladies for 2 hours, so me and my girlfriends totally took advantage of that, and gave some to our guy friends as well. The drinks were good and strong too.. . The Tao beach area was a cool place to chill and talk with other people. There are some couches to sit and and multiple bars. We later went to the main room and started dancing the night away... I can't really explain too much about that experience because by then I was really super drunk, haha. All I remember was that it was crowded, good music, and blurry visions of the area. . . Overall, I had a blast and me and my friends can't wait to go back. I only took one star off only because 1. it was really crowded and 2. The stairs to go up to the club and 3. they X'ed me as I was leaving because I was really drunk haha. Thank you open bar.
Easily one of Vegas' most popular clubs. When i say that, expect a younger crowd and long ass lines! Seriously, the general admission line was bananas and it looked like a line for a ride at Disneyland.. . Luckily for me, i had some VIP bracelets and got right in otherwise I think I would have rated Tao 3 stars! . . Someof the doormen here as such assholes..after i had already PAID for some pre-purchase entrance bands that guaranteed express entry from Vegas.com, one of the asshole doormen tried telling me that we had to bring in 1 girl to come in for free but if we gave him a small tip he'll let us in. My tip to him was to STFU! So his boss comes out and lets us in right away.. . Once inside, this club was super nice and SUPER packed. Everybody was jammed like a can of sardines and it was next to impossible to dance or navigate around the main dance floor. I felt bad for the people still standing in the general admission line because it was already this full, I could have imagined how bad it got later on.. . Tao was the only night we didn't get table service, and drink prices were fair for Vegas. Obviously more then back home, but not too excessive. Patron and Grey Goose shots were $13so nothing too ridiculous. . . Definitley would come here again! If you do the 3 in 1 passes like I did, be persistent about it. I didn't get hassled at Tao Beach or Lavo, just at Tao. At $50 its a great deal since general admission here was $40 for guys the night i went. We also saw Carmelo Anthony and Lala hosting Lala's birthday party. I think I would do table service just to have a "chill" spot instead of being packed onto the dance floor. But other then that, music was good, my team was strong, and the girls were looking right! good times!
Good food, bit overpriced but it covers you for the nightclub and there is no line. I like the pool and rooftop they have going..the bouncers and security people were nice and gave me vip pass to my fav dj. The dance floor was packed but had enough exits. The tables with girls and promoters were segregated but everyone was having a good time. Sorta just the large club scene you would imagine with the girls dancing in skimpy outfits, someone flying overhead, house music, top 40, celeb bdays etc.
Not gonna lie: only went to tao restaurant so we could get into Tao club. . . They ream you for that privilege though. You have to order an entree and the entrees are all $30+. On the upside, you don't have to wait or pay for the massive line after 1030pm. . . If you like insanely loud music with good DJ's and a crowded see and be seen spot this is the place for you. . . Two things which I think are funny about Tao are the women in the tubs as you walk in. See: http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/UGTeYTBKeTN_hRV57DcRNw/l.jpg. . Also, the women who stand there and massage each other as you walk up the stairs: http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/21uMcKPBWTx83Jfc6BgehQ/l.jpg. . and http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/QYSQoyqvS1hvQ1MA_x8b-w/l.jpg
When I'm here I'm usually about 15 shots deep.  So sadly I don't remember much about TAO, especially since I got kicked out early on one night after people kept feeding me expensive drinks at the bar.  . . However, from my vague memories of the place, I think it had really nice decors, and the dancefloor was apparently SUPER crowded because a part of my dress broke from all the inevitable body-rubbing action.. . 4 stars for all the fun I don't really remember having.. -1 star for my broken expensive dress and some possible points of regret that will hopefully remain forgotten.
Like basically everyone else here, this review is for the club only, not the restaurant.. . This was a great place to go for my very first Vegas club experience.  Got the wristbands online for $50, which came with access to a very short line that took us about 10 minutes to get through (as opposed to the regular line which I've heard can take up to 2 hours).  Best part about the wristbands was the fact that they came with unlimited access to Tao Beach and Lavo for the weekend (although we skipped Tao Beach completely).. . Pretty standard stuff once you get inside, and as advertised, there was women in tubs wearing nothing but flower petals and lots of Asian-inspired statues.  Also as advertised, the club was obscenely crowded, and yet, unlike with most other places, "crowded" is not necessarily a bad thing.  It was a bit difficult to navigate the top floor, but after a few spins through, everything made sense.. . Not sure who the DJ was that night, but he did an okay job, minus the fact that he seemed set on playing "Like a G6" as many times as possible through the night and ended up playing it about six times in the course of 4 hours (seriously, eff that song).  They also dropped confetti the one time that "Party Rock Anthem" came on.  Pretty cool stuff.  Also, while the dance floor was very crowded, it wasn't too difficult to navigate.  The women were fun and good-looking on this particular night, most were not of the overly stuck up type (nor were they accompanied by muscle heads with spray tans), but of course, I'm sure that this depends on the night.. . I've heard that bottle service is the best at Tao, but I think it really depends on whether you know what you're doing.  Our group didn't pay for bottle service here, but a friend of a friend was having his bachelor party here and their group had reserved bottle service in advance.  We joined them later in the night and it was fine, except that the table was located on the first floor in a packed away corner.  If you're going to do bottle service, be sure you get in a good spot or I would have to say that it's completely not worth it.. . I'd have to say that I've mostly had less than stellar club experiences, but this was quite easily the best.  Despite the fact that there are literally dozens of other options in Vegas, I would be more than willing to come back here again.  And soon.
Very solid club.  Great crowd, great DJ, very nice decor, reasonable drinks.  I had a very good time here on a recent Friday night.
This review is for the nightclub only! . . I've been to TAO twice since turning 21 and had a blast both times. Our group was always 1:1 ratio of girls to guys or more girls. Oddly enough, us guys got in for free when it was 1:1, and we had to pay $20 when we had more girls in our group. Meh, whatever, probably depends on which promoter you use. The nice thing about having girls in your group (aside from their company) is that they can shuttle you drinks during the "free drinks for girls for 1 hr" period. We took advantage of that deal both times, and it makes me laugh at the large groups of guys who paid up the wah-zoo for bottle service, just to have most of it consumed by girls that come to their tables andjet off without so much as a "thanks, losers." I got happy-drunk both times, and didnt spend a dime on drinks.. . They opened up TAO Beach one of the times I was there, and it's pretty cool. Open atmosphere, good music, and comfortable chairs to sit on while you look at the beautiful people around you. Can't beat that.. . Why not 5 stars? Because the dance floor can get pretty packed. Expect to have about 90% of your body in contact with another person at all times.
this review is more about the Dining at the Bistro!!!. . On the very expensive side considering its chinese food....$36.00 per person for the peking duck??? in monterey park, that would be crazy talk, like u should be closed down crazy talk...I guess in vegas they follow a different standard than Sam Woo though..... . A few positives about the place would be their coconut butterfly shrimp...simply the best i've ever had...such an easy dish to prepare but it was perfect...extra large tiger prawns deep friend with shreds of coconut then a light tangy sauce (not a traditional sweet&sour) .... Orange chicken had white breast in them, didnt make it taste any healthier but it was delicious...mixed veggies dish..skip it, we had it b/c the girls at the table requested a not entire carnivorous supper...sizzling beef is a safe pick, it was tender with black pepper flavor....Def recommend this place over PF Changs. . The perk of dining here is that you dont have to wait in line for Tao night club and it gets you free entrance so that saves another 25.00 per person... they already tapped that onto your meal though so its a wash...overall, it was well worth it, i mean if you go get dinner somewhere else you still have to wait in line for another hour and then pay the entrance fee....something to consider!!!!!
Tao will always be a staple in Vegas nightlife. Its not the newest one but I always dig the music and have a good time dancing. True it gets very crowded, and the general admission line gets crazy long, but everyone pretty much expects that from Vegas.. . I'd choose going here over the newer nightclubs that don't invest in good DJs.
i could tell you about how spectacular this is, as all the other thousands of reviews of done. i could tell you about the efficient lines that are easy to breeze through.... i could tell you about the naked girls dancing in the bathtubs.... i could tell you about the fabulous decor.... i could tell you about the over priced drinks and jam packed dance floor.... but no, you can read about that else where. . . instead, what impressed me the most was upon stumbling out at the end of the night, there was a guy standing at the door passing out free flip flops to the ladies to kick off their heels for the last leg of their trek home. now THAT is a place that knows what a girl wants at the end of a long night!! tao did me right after a long night doing the stiletto stomp.
I love the Nightclub portion of Tao. it is my favorite club in  Las Vegas.  Their VIP area is great and their drinks are good. They play good music.  I love the Decor too. I can't say as many good things about the restaurant. We went there for my Birthday last year. Our waiter was upset because we only ordered 1 drink and 1 entree per person instead of spending hundreds of dollars on dinner. He kept bragging that he had waited on celebrities that spend thousands on dinner.
No room, don't buy passes on street. They are fake. The club was very small. But it was cool. You had people bumping into you constantly but what do you expect it's Vegas. I was a little upset the security guy didn't let me keep the picture I took of the model. But other than that it was ok.
I wish I could give a better review for Tao but honestly, I was so completely wasted that I barely remember this place. Hmm, I might've been one of those girls who accidentally forgot to lock to bathroom door to make it opaque..... . . I do remember it was quite a line to get in but we were having fun so it went quickly. It was super super packed but again, was having fun so it wasn't a big deal unless we were trying to make our way to the bathrooms... which ended up being like a 15 min quest. . . Anyway, I LOVE tao.
I just came back from Vegas on Sunday and this nightclub is amazing! I recommend that people who are planning a vacation to buy wristbands in advance. The first night that me and my girlfriends went the lines looped around and around but when we asked the numerous bodyguards/bouncers they directed us to a different line that took a matter of 10 minutes compared to the 90 that people were saying they had to wait in (The wristbands in advance are $35 on travelzoo andthey serve as a dual entry to TAO and LAVO and a skip the line pass).. . The ambiance of the club was obvious dark, but it was wonderfully lit with candles in the entrance and beautiful statues. The drinks were expensive, but it was expected its Vegas! Overall, even though it was super packed we had an amazing experience! Definitely, will be coming back if I ever return to Vegas.
Some one Vegas local told me this place was so 3 years ago.  I guess that makes me retro.  This place was everything it claimed to be and more.  Definitely the high lite of my trip!
TAO was awesome! From the decor to the food to the service! I was in Vegas for my cousin's bachelor party this past weekend and we had a blast at TAO! A month or so ago I actually made reservations through Open Table and then a week before our trip I followed up with TAO and everything was planned accordingly.. . This was my second time at TAO in Vegas and it was a good experience like the first time. This time around I had the Kung Pao Chicken and Chicken Pad Thai. I would have to say that their Pad Thai is on the top of my list of Pad Thais lol. Last time I had the KOBE Beef and it was delish!! Def a must if you wanna go crazy and have the loot! (88 bucks!!!). So anyway if you didn't know, you can get into the club for free if you eat at the restaurant just ask your server for the "LINE PASS". Being 6 guys in Vegas it was a great idea to eat here! But you have to order from the entrees section you can't just get an appetizer and expect to get in free! Good thing our server told us that!. . The Nightclub opens at 10pm and the line wraps around the damn place!! But we didn't worry since we got the line pass and skipped all the way to the front!! Got in pretty much when it opened. It got three rooms two on the second floor and one on the rooftop! Too bad the rooftop was closed the day we went! So we stayed in the main room! It's freaking crazzzzzzy packed in here! Great music! Dance floor gets a little crazy at times but we had a blast! . . If you can't get on a guest list make a reservation for dinner here then get the pass then party up in the club!! Awesome times here!
Great time here this past summer. Great service by Bex, she made sure everyone in my group had a great time. Very crowded but what do you expect! If you come here make sure you look for Bex, she'll hook it up.
Tao Nightclub is one of the most popular Vegas nightclubs! The Asian-themed venue attracts a very diverse group of people predominantly in their 20s to 30s. Tao's DJs play lots of hip-hop, which in my opinion is the best music for dancing!  However, Tao gets extremely packed and at times it can be overwhelming. Essentially if you are looking for a club with hip music and a trendy vibe, Tao is the place to be!. . Some suggestions would be:. - Try to get on the guest list earlier that evening. Free for girls and reduced admission for guys.. - Have a 1 to 1 guy-girl ratio. Tao tends to be very strict on this. However, if you are a guest at the hotel they tend to be more lenient. . - If you are a guest at the hotel, I believe you wait in a separate line that moves much quicker.. - Girls on the guest list receive open bar for 1 hour, at least the times I've been! So stock up on those drinks and pass them to your guy friends!. - Always arrive early!
Hello pretty girls bathing in bathtubs.. . Hello dude that came out from nowhere who talked to me weird.. . Hello insanely packed crowds.. . Hello Expensive drinks.. . Hello Las Vegas.
Tao nightclub review:. . Awesome decor. I looooove everything Buddha, and the feel of this club is awesome. The little bathtubs filled with water, candles, and rose petals is really pretty. The humongous Buddha on the side of the club is so rad.. And the fact that there are like 4 different rooms/clubs within this club make it even better!. . I've been to TAO many times before and have always enjoyed myself. I went 2 weeks ago and had the best time yet. We had about 11 people and ended up just getting a table and bottle service. 2 bottles of Grey Goose, 1 bottle of Macallan 21, and a bottle of Rum. And all the mixers we needed. The area we had was really quite big, and we all had room to comfortably sit down if need be. But we danced the night away :). . I guess there are parts of the club that close earlier than others, because our section closed around 3-4am? Whatever time it was, it closed and we moved to another part of the club. This area was just as fun, but we didn't have a table. We continued dancing and having a great time. Then from the ceiling comes confetti :) and about 30min later dry foam comes out. Way fun when you're wasted lol. . I will definitely go back and get a table if we have enough people to make it worth it.
Spent a super fun evening at Tao Nightclub with some really good friends.  Their music is great-lots of hiphop and not too much house music.  It gets crowded but we had our own table and roped off area so we didn't mind too much the throngs of people everywhere.  . . I know a lot of people complain about the crowds in Vegas nightclubs but if there isn't a crowd then the place must suck.  TAO does not suck :)  Go there.
I came here on Friday night and it was sooo fun!! lol My boyfriend couldn't handle it though. It was too stuffy for him. We had the All Access Passes from Best of Vegas (which I recommend everyone getting because you can end up waiting in line for hours - and it's good for Tao Beach and Lavo as well) - With the wristbands we got in right away without having to wait in the huge line. I don't know how they expect to let everyone in because there were still so many people outside and yet SO MANY ALREADY INSIDE! Once when the crowd gets in, it's hard to breathe with very limited seating... . . The music was great! Hip hop! We were totally getting our groove on. Drinks were $13 which is fine and everything, but the cups are tinnnyyyy... can a girl get an affordable buzz on? lol We left in the middle of the night and went to LAVO. . . I prefer LAVO over Tao even though the decor is not as nice. However, the dance floor is bigger and it's not as crowded. You can actually break it down over there.
Came here for ATB  labor day weekend and it was so much fun! had bottle service at Tao beach and we could easily walk back and forth during the night (only till 2 am Tao beach closes at 2 am no one said that when we booked table service, so we stayed down at the club till 4am) awesome waitress and service! very attentive and friendly. It was crowded but fun. no lines in girls restrooms! will return!
you did me right this time, Tao!  we were on an amazing guestlist Friday night with free drink wristbands from 10:30pm-11:30pm, got in line early so the MiB's were sweethearts still, and partied our asses off.  . . my only complaint is that it gets so crowded to where you have no room to dance!  beautiful club and bumping music, but hard to get around downstairs.  stroll upstairs to the balcony, act like you belong there, and party with plenty of room to mingle.
A best in class for Vegas. The line is ridiculous so come early or get bottle service.
During a girls trip we ate at 3 different top restaurants and this was just as good as the others.  Suggest making reservations in advance, especially if going on a weekend night and have a large party like we did.  We did family style and everything was great (apps and dinner entrees are good sized -- we had tons of leftovers).  Cool atmosphere and good drinks, especially the lychee martini!  Will definitely go back
A lot of people hate on this place but I LOOOOVE Tao.  My friends and I have been several times and we are always treated like royalty! Tao plays the best music (a nice blend of hip-hop, Top 40 and house) and the club itself is beautiful!  They have dancers flying through the sky to those with table service delivery bottles of liquor.  Going to Tao is an experience and one not to be missed if you are in Las Vegas.. . Ladies my suggestions are:. . #1. Check it out on a Friday night and take advantage of the free drink wristbands if available. . #2.  Make sure you have made contact with a promoter prior to your trip so you can get your party in for free. . #3.  Get there early so you can get your groove on before the club gets crowded (and it does get crowded!). . #4.  If your pockets are deep enough, spring for the bottle service.  You won't be sorry.. . At the end of the day I would rather be in a crowded club versus a dead club.  Just a thought. Check it out!
You know a club is a party place when you feel the need to start a review with..."From what I can remember...". . From what I can remember, the staff was friendly and hooked us up with drinks and waters quickly.. . From what I can remember, the club played great music and while there were a lot of people, there was still room to move.. . From what I can remember.
Tao is definitely the place to start your night - or end it. We had an early-ish dinner at Tao. I loved my crispy orange chicken, it's very "american" asian but I still loved it. The portion sizes are perfect. I hate when I have massive plates on vacation and can't take "home" the leftovers. My friend had the prix fixe which was a great deal but way too much food for me, especially after AYCE buffet for lunch.. We got hooked up with stamps to come back to the club -- we skipped the whole line. The club was great, they were playing throwback Usher! I was sorry we had to leave to make our reservations at the next place.
Likes: loved the huge golden lobby and crystal chain hangings when we entered the hotel, inside the nightclub had different floors but we got the beach, love the view from outdoors of the strip, got free drinks, music, dancing, flashing lights and acrobatics, bikini ladies dancing in flower petaled tubs, disco ball, etc etc, it was our first stop so we left after an hour and half to our next destination. . . Dislikes: the baby buddhas on the wall was kinda weird for me
I am writing a review on the nightclub only.  Our group was 3 people (all guys).  We requested bottle service, and had a small table on the first floor which is basically the retaurant/bar level.  The actual nightclub is upstairs.. . What I liked:  The service was superb.  Our waitress, and bouncer were both extremely polite.  The guy waiting on our area told us if we ever want to leave the table and mingle to let him know.  He put out a reserved sign for our table, and pulled our bottle/mixers to store in a kitchen area.  When we came back to the table, he brought everything back in seconds.  The placement of the tables was nice.  We talked to a bunch of girls around our area, and drank the night away.  The music at Tao kicked ass.  Their DJ spins a lot of hip-hop which is nice.  I'm so sick of hearing Katy Perry dance mixes, so it was nice to hear some Young Money.  The music at Tao gets 5 stars.. . What I disliked: The actual club is super crowded (what club isn't crowded - but this was unbearable).  Trying to navigate that dance floor without spilling your drink is completely impossible.  Not to mention I started sweating as soon as we walked upstairs.  The layout for the club isn't the best - poor design.  I recommend getting a table downstairs like we did, and then once it's past 2AM, go up to the main club and start cuttin a rug.  It will still be crowded, but it's much more manageable.    . . Price: $450 for table, one bottle, free-entry, line pass, etc.  Add tip, yr lookin at about $180 a man.  This was the price for a table on the first floor.. . This could probably be a 5 star review if we had a table off the main dance floor that was elevated, and over-looked all the talent.  Considering our group was only 3 people, the options were limited.  In a town where cash is king, if you're willing to spend the money, you can probably have whatever table you want.
Great food great service.  Halibut was awesome.  The experience was much better than last night dinners at Fleur.  They would have received 5 stars but the bar let them down.  We ordered 3 very high priced drinks each.  There must have been an alcohol strike because we were good to operate heavy machinery after the 3rd drink.  Ryan our server stepped up and tried to make it good.  He gets 5 stars. Except for the bar this place is good
This review is for the RESTAURANT.. . The food is absolutely yummy!  We were a party of 8 and opted for the Chef's Tasting, which is like 3 courses for $55...not bad, right?!!  I can't remember all the yummy foods we ate, but one thing I do remember is the seabass appetizer....DO NOT PASS ON THE SEABASS Strater!  Seriously don't pass this yummy deliciousness up!!  Everything else was yummy too, I just can't recall because there was so much....but the seabass really really REALLY stood out!
Great music playing while you dine, nice atmosphere, and the Food is delicious! My only complaints: it can get a little noisy and pricey!  But it's Vegas and you get great service with good food.. THE CHILEAN SEABASS was excellent! . The Coconut Shrimp with Thai Spicy Peanut Sauce was good but they put to much coconut bread on the shrimp and the Thai sauce was not at all spicy.
I always have a fabulous time partying at the TAO Nightclub. Regardless of the night, I would definitely recommend getting your name on a guestlist, as their entrance line can start as early as 9:00 pm.  However, once you are inside, it will be worth all of the hassle.  This place is massive, with the dining experience downstairs and several rooms upstairs for drinking and dancing.  Each area features a different type of music and its own bar.  The main room also includes dancers, who put on interesting aerobatic routines to keep the night interesting.  The crowd tends to be attractive and in their late 20s-30s.  Though it has been around for a few years now, I still think that TAO provides one of the best nightlife experiences on the Strip.  I definitely recommend checking it out!
This review is for the nightclub only - Tao is the "oldest" and longest running hot nighclub in Las Vegas having been open for over 6 years. Now for a mega club in Vegas, it is one of the oldest ones (since it used to go up against Pure back in the day). I have to agree with other reviews that the "quality" of the talent has definitely decreased in the last few years, but nonetheless, Tao is still one of the best clubs to go to. With 2 different rooms on the main floor, the downstairs "lounge", and Tao Beach (only open during the summer months when it is warmer), there is definitely a lot of room to wander around. I'm more of a fan of going to Tao on Thursday nights (industry/locals night) and reserving the newer mega clubs for the weekend (as do most other club go-ers). Bottle service here is recommended but can also add up as it does in all Vegas night clubs.
In an effort to keep up the "Yelp-tiquette", I'll say this is for the restaurant.  Never stepped foot in the night club.  . . Loved this place when I first ate here, years ago.  And, while I was in Vegas, I decided to bring the girlfriend here to check it out again.  So, we made reservations about two weeks prior.  And on a Sunday.  So, anyway, I think the reservations thing was what made me give this place four stars instead of five.. . Even with reservations, we had to wait almost half an hour for a table.  Which I can understand to a point.  Now, the place was packed, but there was still a few tables for two open when we were walking by.  Not to mention, we were five minutes early.  Oh well.  Not too mad about it though.. . Okay, first thing I got to say, the Kobe sashimi was awesome.  Had to try it, even though it was quite a pricey item.  Interesting, though some traditional wasabi and some of the fresh wasabi together would be divine.. . For my dinner, I had the Grilled Raw Tuna.  The Asian Green Stir Fry was good, though I suppose the saltiness of it balances out the tuna.  And the peppercorn sauce just made it all mesh together nicely.  It was sweet, which accented the Tuna in a subtle way that really pulled the flavors out. . . Then the Lady had the Diver Scallops in curry sauce.  And man, those scallops were gigantic!  Buttery in the center but nicely seared outside.  . . Anyway, always had a fairly good time here as a restaurant.  Now, next time, maybe I'll actually get to try the nightclub.  Heh.
TAO was probably my most frequented club in Vegas.  Been here numerous times and ate at the establishments a few as well. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=R8U0Hksrf_1-aIHXlS0Zvw. . Dining wise, it is very good for a clubbing venue. The miso seabass is my favorite: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=t6fCF9DhqcMLQc-CZS53zw My group of dining company got the Peking Duck: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=af2WhElSy-j8bHbE1SzzxQ the Salmon: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=tQrSase9Fdy17uVf517y_Q a few sushi rolls, spicy tuna on crispy rice and lobster and shrimp dumpling as appetizer. The dumpling was soooo delish, must try.. . Once you're done with dinner, then they stamp you for complimentary entry for girls and discounted entry for guys. You go out and bypass the nasty line out the door for re-entry.  Bottle service is another way to get you in relatively hassle free http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=4GcA6q_Kwjmyx9CyLlx0dg on and the hot almost nekked eye-candies dancing behind your table http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=6GXQJWcOJVRSLo2MPNB9tg is a big bonus.. . Most recently I was there last weekend for Heidi Klum's Halloween party and it was a packed mad house http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=y0jD82km6x8KEZG9el7OKg considering Ms. Klum was in the house incognito http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=yDa-H8s5tmlSp62gL4KYaQ . . Tao only has one level, but has a separate dance rooms for the different music palates.  The Tao beach opens during the popular season when the club gets packed.
Review for the nightclub..... . TIP:  If you are staying in the Venetian you get a fast ticket into the club.  I don't remember the details so make sure you check out the concierge.. . I like this club, as soon as you walk in you get a taste of how nice the ambiance is going to be.  Even though it's a pretty decent size club with multiple rooms, it gets packed later on in the night on the weekends.  So I recommend getting there before 11 to get some free space before it really starts bumping around midnight.  But let's be honest, we don't like dead clubs right?. . Like any other club, find your promoters so you're not stuck paying an arm and leg to wait in line till 1am.  Of course girls can get in free.  Because yah I"ve seen people still standing in line at that time....Crazy!. . The music was great (hip hop/ dance), go-go dancers in tubs, security were cool and making sure the annoying drunks were kicked out, guys weren't skeezy and partying in this club really makes you really feel like you are in Vegas!  Till 5am baby!  (Or maybe it was 6, lost track of time?)
Before I discovered Marquee, this was my go to club. It's a pretty nice place, but the crowd is usually an older, and sometimes creepier in comparison to Marquee and XS. The dance floor is definitely too small, it wreaks of body odor and poorly overused aftershave/cologne once the floor gets packed and the floor itself is just a hot mess with everyone getting all kinds of sloppy. All in all, I'd put TAO on my top 5 clubs mostly because there's open bar for ladies on Saturday nights and I'm always down for free drinks :)
Food 4 out of 5
TAO always delivers a fun night when my friends and I are in town.  If you are staying at The Venetian, its a lot easier to get in.  Not a fan of paying cover? Try to find a promoter (that doesn't make you tip them) who can get you on the list!. . The music here is pretty good and I like how there are different areas to dance/lounge around.  I recently came here Halloween weekend and they were offering free drinks for the ladies between 10-11pm on a Friday night.  I thought it was cool that the choices of drinks were either AMFs of Long Islands.  Sure, they were on the weaker side but I had a nice buzz for the night.  . . For some reason, I always befriend random people at TAO and we all manage to keep in touch. hahahaha
We finished a 12-hour birthday outing here. The nightclub section wasn't open on a Wednesday night, so we just lounged it. The atmosphere and service were excellent. The music was good and not too loud for us to talk. We just shared a mix of appetizers. The pork pot stickers, sweet potato tempura, and garlic green bean tempura were excellent. The spring rolls...not so much. Quite salty, verging on unpleasant. Still, I'm a fan of this place. Bit pricey, but worth it to me for the location, service, most of the food, and the atmosphere. Excellent social venue and I'll want to go back on a date night too.
My hot wife and I got in on 4th of July weekend with no VIP. It only took us 20 minutes to get inside. Be friendly and polite to the big guys with clipboards, they might just hook you up. I had a VIP coupon which allowed free entry for my wife and I only paid $10. When we walked in we were impressed with the layout and decor of the club. Love the entrance with the bathtubs, flowers, and beautiful models.  . . We danced from 10:30 pm to 2:00 am, I felt young again. One thing, the dance floor gets crowded. My wife and I danced with about 200 new close intimate friends. Be ready to play some defense on the dance floor. I felt like I was playing soccer or basketball because I was hip checking so many people to get them off my back. I was giving out elbows just as I was receiving them. A couple to my head and some to my ribs, I thought I was in a boxing match. All part of the experience of feeling young.  . . We saw Shawn Marion lounging around inside, he was friendly. My wife did not have a problem meeting Nick Lachey while he enjoyed his bachelor party. This is a cool nightclub but I don't think we will be back because of all the bruises we had leaving the dance floor. I guess I'm not that young anymore.
Both times I've been to Tao (would've been 3 if I didn't forget my ID and attempt to do a pass-back and then get caught... whoops...haha) I've noticed a trend: If you try to get there early you will undoubtedly be faced with this longass line that loops around the 2nd floor of the Venetian (or even outside the doors!). Best bet is to go late and either get walked in by a promoter or smile at the bouncers as they unclick the velvet rope :). . Solid music. Lots of celebrities roll through this spot (Rev Run was there the last time I went but we didn't see him!). Dance floor gets PACKED but empties out to a comfortable crowd around 2 or so. I love love love the bathrooms here - they have clear doors that fog up once you turn the lock around 3x! AWESOMESAUCE :)
Pretty cool club. We got there at 10, and girls were free, guys were $30. Also free drinks for the girls from 10-12, which was amazing. You better believe I took advantage of that. . . I like that there's always room to hang out on the balcony, which has a lovely view of the city. Nice mermaid girls swimming in bathtubs. The dance floor was packed like hell - definitely elbow to elbow with everyone. Good times though.. . Be CAREFUL with the bathroom. The doors are frosted glass, and there is this mechanism when you lock the door that makes the doors opaque. If you don't turn the lock all the way, the mechanism doesn't activate and people can see you going to the bathroom.
This club was pretty large...it had a lounge area with it's own bar and then a standing room with a bar which were down a hall of VIP tables from the main bar / dance floor.  . . The dance floor was packed...like sardines.  Especially once the confetti dropped and the women on the trapeze bar went flying above the dance floor - but what an awesome experience.  The good thing is, once your claustrophobia starts to act up, you can take a step out on a balcony that has a wonderful view of the strip.. . Service was very good as a friend lost her phone there and security was all over it.  They gave us their number to call and helped us out a great deal.  Excellent customer service, great drinks, awesome swimming mermaids and a good vibe overall.
Thanks to my buddy and his girl for getting the hookup here and getting table service because it definitely made our entire experience fun as heck and one to remember.  If you have a large group and have the $$$$$, get table service so that way you can all have a place at the club.. . Other than the ladies in the glass windows acting out scenes and what not, this venue was your usual club scene.  But I gotta admit, Vegas does it better.
SUPER PACKED!! Virtually impossible to move around in this place, yet TAO remains one of my favorite clubs in vegas. Mainly because of the awesome memories/people I've experienced here. . . I always held that its pointless to come to vegas unless you have a hookup to a club, the lines are just way too ridiculous.
Great music, good times! And free admission for me & my girl friends. Wish it wasn't so crowded though.
YES it is crowded!. But wouldn't you expect that from a club that has so many celebrities and is one of the most beautiful hotels in VEGAS! people come here to let loos get crazy and dance the night away! Yes the drink are expensive yes the lines are long but if you plan ahead you will not be disappointed. first of all they want more girls in here than guys obviously. Girls round up your besties and get here at 9 to make line, 1 you'll probably get a coupon for a free entrance 2 you ll probably get hooked up by the bouncers 3 you can get to the bathroom as soon as you get in and you wont make line. Fellas! DO get here early and meet girls hanging out so it can seem like there are more girls in your group if not just be prepared to pay full price ($30). Please dress accordingly, dancing shoes slacks, dress pants, nice shirt, tie whatever just don't show up in jeans and a t shirt you will be let out trust me Ive seen it! girls we can wear as much or as little as we want I'm sure no one will mind. There are so many dance rooms in here you wont know where to go. Coat check is before you enterand the balcony is a beauty of a site to see.  Enjoy!
This place is crowded every time I've been which just proves that it is a good club. What I love about it is that the security guards inside LOVE putting the pretty girls in the VIP and bottle service areas...I can't complain. I've received great treatment every time I've gone. My group even got free drinks until 12pm at both TAO and LAVO. . . The decor is also beautiful. The dancers are really pretty too.. . Only reason it's not 5 stars is because of how confusing the layout is. I had NO idea there was more than one dance floor the first time I went.
fun, upbeat, full of energy, love the sexy girls in bath tubs and on poles!
This beautifully executed space with tasteful decor showed our bachelorette party a smashing good time on our first night in Vegas. . . I loved the moody Asian theme (shocking, I know...) and special accommodations they made for my party. After getting referred by a contact to the lead host, we were advised to arrive at 10:30 to bypass the long line and to be escorted inside to our table and bottle service. The dark and seductive lighting along with thumping beats had us ready to get into mischief. Our servers were diligent in checking to make sure that our drinks were topped off which was a plus! . . The professional dancers elevated able the crowd and jaw dropping ladies splashing around topless in the tub certainly peaked interest in what Vegas has to offer. The DJ was solid and the place was swarming with photographers and a lively crowd. . . My only gripe is many of the horrifically offensive young ladies who were grinding and attempting to be "sexy" on the elevated bar area. These women were patrons of the club and had no issue with showing off their "lady parts" when they had no business doing so. Trust me sweetheart... I don't need to see you Britney and that bandage dress is around 3 sizes too small for you. Thank goodness security finally removed them from the dance area.... unfortunately there were many clones of this throughout the night. . . The rest of the crowd on the actual dance floor and throughout this massive club were all good. Although there were certainly more ladies at this club compared to men. At LAX it seemed to be more even in ratio?. . I would definitely come back to Tao again.
Crowded? Yes. Great music? Yes. Pretty girls sitting in bathtubs with only petals covering their boobies? Yes. (Although I'm sure their fingertips and toes are getting wrinkled sitting in water so long. Good thing it's dark). =P . Yup, just another Saturday night at Tao. . . We went in around 12am and it was free because we were on the guest list.  Earlier in the day we had found a promoter on the sidewalk near the Venetian and he gave us free passes. All we needed to do was text him our names and we would be on the guest list for the night. Yay for freebies! =). We got in line and waited maybe 10 minutes or so. We had a pretty good ratio too, three girls and one guy. Once you get in, the main dance floor is on the second level. There is a third level too, but people are mostly standing up there. I actually wish I hung out on the first level more. Way MORE space to move around/dance/hang out. Music isn't as good as the second level though.. . Half of the main dance floor is roped off for VIPs. The rest of us get squished on this super packed danced floor. The DJ was pretty good though, spinning a lot of current hits that we can dance to. They have confetti spewing over the dance floor at various times of the night, and scantily clad girls dancing on a ledge above the dance floor too. There was also a girl doing acrobatics above the dance floor every once in awhile. It was all very interesting and added to the fun vibe of this place. Oh and in regards to drinks, they have girls come around the dance floor and offer buy one get one free "shots". We got 4 shots for $24. And they weren't really shots. The shot tasted like a sugary sex on the beach, and wasn't very strong. I didn't even get my Asian glow, and I'm pretty sensitive! =P Not worth it. . . The bouncers are like ninjas here, so don't start crap at this club. There was a fight barely starting to break out in front of us. No physical altercation could even occur before the bouncer flew in and scooped out one of the guys. The guy was totally taken off the dance floor and shoved out a back door in less than 10 seconds. It was that quick. The cleanup crew was on the same spot mopping up the spilled drinks and everything was fine again in a minute. Props to security for keeping the drunk douche bags in check! . . All in all, good music, great company, fun times. And it was free!
Granted, I haven't been to that many nightclubs in Vegas, but this is definitely near the top of the list. Nice Asian theme and cool light sticks to wave in the air. . . However, when it's packed, it's PACKED. The dance floor is tiny. Forget about trying to really get anywhere, trying to find anyone, trying to figure out who you're actually dancing with, and definitely forget trying to go to the bathroom. Can't go upstairs if you don't have a table, there are plenty of bouncers at all the stairs to escort you back down.. . The music for dancing was pretty great. We were there for several hours before getting tired and splitting for 25 cent wings at Hooters.. . I hope you didn't pay too much for your clubbing clothes because they are definitely going to get spilled on and possibly suffer more damage as the night wears on. This pretty much goes for all nightclubs in Vegas that are happenin'. If your clothes don't get dirty, you probably didn't have enough fun.. . We got in thanks to our promoter who got us on the guestlist for Lavo which allowed us to get into Tao free for girls and $10 for guys.
Came here to see Dirty South on Dec 30th. . . Got there around 11pm thinking Dirty South would play at midnight but he didn't spin til 1am. Anyway, my friends & I lounged on the first floor. Loud music, plenty of people drinking and dancing and plenty of space. We easily got ordered some drinks and had a few smokes. . . The Hip Hop room upstairs is a bit small but it was a lot of fun considering I don't like rap at all. . . Overall, I really liked this place. The dimmed red lights, the oriental vibe, the great spot I got 3 feet away to right of the DJ to dance all night.
Came here on my last night in Vegas, with my boyfriend. When we arrived, there was a long line, and we were a bit confused on where to go. We were shuffled from line to line before we finally found the man with the list and he gave us the wristbands and in we went! They had an open bar for ladies going on, so I was able to get a few drinks and pass them to my boyfriend as well. So far, so good. The music is your typical house music, mixed with some other stuff, so it was pretty nice to dance along to. The decor inside is pretty nice, but it got packed quick. The area we were in did have some doors that led to the balcony of the Venetian, so it's nice to get some air, or take some pictures of the Mirage across the street.. . It did not seem as they were too strict on the dress code, as I saw a few ladies wearing regular jeans and shirts. Despite that, I would definitely want to come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
Great club! Patrons be weary . . . We attended this club when Diddy was hosting and everybody knows ain't no party like a Diddy party. Guys I would highly recommend bottle service, a table, and a trendy suit.
Boy, did I have a blast at TAO.  You know, the details are a bit fuzzy, but I'm pretty sure that the spilled drinks and post-dancing sweat must mean we did something right!. . This was my first Vegas clubbing experience, and everything was set up "perfectly."  It was my first time back in Sin City after over a year, I was seeing some sexy people that I hadn't been around with, and I already had a few Jack & Cokes to start off the evening.  Not to mention that Miss Jaymie Lynn S. was able to get us some free passes for some of the fellas.  No cover?!  Thank you Mr. Bouncer.. . For the guys, TAO is hella strict, so youbetter dress to impress.  Besides, why wouldn't you want to show off that fresh, clean look to the (often) crowds of Asians that frequent this place?  There's also the nearby Miracle Mile where you can buy a pair of slacks for less than $40, which I totally didn't do before heading in.. . So how does the club itself rack up?  Pretty damn good.. . After you get in (and the line could be long), you head on upstairs to the first dance floor with plenty of go-go dancers and lit up bars.  Dance floor space was a bit limited, so we headed to another room where they had roped off a couple of couch areas for bottle service.  Meh.. . The ladies tonight had some kind of deal where they got free booze for an hour or two.  Needless to say, I didn't pay a single dime for the four... five... six(?) AMFs that I had tonight.  It was one blue drink after the other (holler to Jaymie Lynn S., Nina Y., and Kathleen W. for having my back!)  Drinks were decent, but it's to be expected being a packed-ass night club like TAO.  If you gotta pay per round, a drink will set you back around $15, so make sure you bring some dollars to tip the bartenders.. . DJ was on fire tonight.  I'm a sucker for Top 40 and Hip-Hop, but more-so the former just cause it gets EVERYONE riled up.  For my first time clubbing here, I definitely approved of the music selection.  Or at least I'm sure I did.  I do remember having an AMF in my hands for most of the night and going all out with it, so I'm pretty sure the music was poppin.. . If you get hot, there's a balcony area where you can go take a breather- or you can go straight to TAO Beach.  Small dance floor, but a good way to escape the sweat inside (even though I'm sure it's just as hot outside as it is inside).. . Bathrooms were a bit hard to find outside, and I only remember there being any on the floor with the go-go dancers.  It's easy to get separated while inside, so make sure you have a cell to call the homies up.. . Also, doesn't matter how drunk you are- but make your friend doesn't start running away and your drunk ass starts chasing after them.  Got into a bit of trouble with the bouncer inside... but damn it was fun.. . TAO- you were aiite.  I had a lot of fun, and I'm sure I'll be back for some more.
Fact: I am Asian. Fact: Tao is Asian. Fiction: Tao is full of only asians.. . My friends were looking to do it up big one night and we called around seeing what sort of deals for bottles we could get as our guy to girl ratio was really bad.  Marquee had kaskade playing so our hook up there said it would be near impossible / break your balls expensive to get a table that night.  So, our friend called another connection at tao and got us a great deal.  I won't expand on the extravagance of our alcohol tab but let's just say I am very happy I made it back to my own hotel room that night.. . It was my first time at tao and I had a blast, the music was banging and we had a table in a not so hot spot at first.  We weren't complaining as we had just asked for a spot like an hour prior to actually arriving.  But our host told us a spot opened up right on the edge of the dance floor and Shazam we were right in the mix of all the action... . This place is Asian themed, yes there are a lot of asians that go there, but there is quite the mix as well.. It is your typical over crowded, alcohol infused club but you can definitely have a great time there. I know i did. I know everyone thinks Tao is washed up and that XS, Tryst, Marquee, Haze are the spots but Tao is still happenin' and its not a dead beat by all means.. . Next time in vegas, Tao better watch out. :)
I've probably been here around ten times, but haven't reviewed this spot!  Okay, here's my two cents:. . The fact that it's been years and it's still popular does prove that it's still a happening spot.  When you have a good promoter and an even ratio, girls and guys get in for free, and girls have been getting free open bar for an hour (just go to the less popular bar areas to load up on drinks for the boys in your group, too!).. . The bathrooms upstairs are interesting though annoying at times...the main dance floor is super tiny which is a mistake on their part...but the beach upstairs (which isn't always open) is beautiful and more spacious.. . But the best part of all is that I did meet my boo here.  So despite the common notion that you can't find any quality men/women in the clubs...well, I guess we found love in a hopeless place (or am I just encouraging exceptions over rules?).
Located in the Venetian Hotel, this nightclub is pretty cool to check out. Music is dance, some hip/ RnB, but def upbeat songs so you never have to stop dancing! Drinks are ridiculous though, but then again, finding good drinks for a decent price in Vegas isn't that easy. Still, if you're looking for a good time, I recommend checking this place out.
My girls and I took a trip to Vegas last weekend and on our first night, hit up Tao (hearing that Thursday night was the best). After reading the reviews here I was worried about it being crowded to the point of being unsafe. As is usual in Vegas, we had no problems getting in, in fact I actually found the bouncers to be pretty nice. We headed straight for the back bar to order our free drinks, and enjoyed the music and ambiance. Unfortunately, we didn't get to see the lovely ladies in the tubs, but maybe next time! I kept thinking to myself, is this what they mean by PACKED? I mean, it was full but not any worse than any club back home. We were hanging out in our little area taking pictures, and when my girlfriend tossed a napkin and kicked it under someones table, along with her empty glass (lol), another bouncer came over and was joking with us, saying he was "watching us" and laughing. Super cool staff, I think people that complain about them are probably the rude ones themselves. We were invited over to the "VIP section" which was actually kind of a joke, we hung around for maybe 10 minutes and left. After checking out the bathrooms (and witnessing MANY drunk girls pee in full view of the bar, without knowing LOL), we joined another table that overlooked the dance floor. I did notice at this point that it was very full. But it was bumpin', the music was really good, and overall we had a REALLY good time and met some fun people. Maybe too good! Tao, we WILL be back!
My second favorite club in Vegas.  I would've given it 5 stars but everytime I come here, it's just always been sooo crowded.  Too crowded that you could barely move.  Been stepped on and spilled a drink on too many times.  I think they just need a bigger dance floor.  Thumbs-up on the music.  Another club that I make sure to go to everytime I'm in the city.  But maybe next time, I'll go on a weeknight to avoid the stupid crazy crowd.
I really like the crowd, and the atmosphere. the only negative is it seems everyone is a little packed in on busy days but something about this place that really draws me here. The balcony is also very small. I have a lot of fond memories here.
We came here on two separate occasions. This time we had a great time. Mike Posner made a surprise performance and we really enjoyed it as we happened to be walking by and walked right up to the front row. They played great music all night and it was easy to grab a drink. There were a lot of rooms to walk around in and places to see. We did not have to wait at all. The doorman let us right in and did not make us pay the cover. The crowd was pretty good. They had a dancer floating in the area doing backflips and everything. The bathroom line went quickly and all & all we had a great time (we are very picky with clubs).
Had so much fun at this club...a little overcrowded but c'mon I know it was a Saturday night. We were staying at the hotel so we were able to bypass the line and my husband and I got in free! That's rare! Good music...my only problem was there was a woman bartender that was NOT understanding that my husband wanted a VODKA TONIC...hello that's a normal drink! She was a bit rude but that was our only problem...
Although I hate coming hear because of how crowded it gets, this club is still poppin from the time it made its grand opening.  I only come hear to see DJ Vice and is one of the very few clubs that plays mainly hip-hop throughout the entire night and not all house music. . . PROS: good music! . CONS:  small dancefloor, over-crowded!!!
Typical Vegas club experience.. Super crowded, Asian theme, gorgeous decor, danceable music, doormen that take their jobs quite seriously, and decent drinks.  If the Vegas club scene is your thing, this is the place to go!
We reserved a table at the Beach Club on a Sat night and were not disappointed. Our hostess was Sheena and I met her in at a Huntington Beach bar (see pic-Sheena is hot). Her bf works @ Marquee so I have used him for hook ups. Sheena was a banging hostess as was the security guy who kept a close eye on our table when we went to the dance floor. I prefer outside to inside which gets super crowded, hot and steamy.. . Our table was right by the where everyone walked so we met plenty of friends. Problem was that the dudes next to us had no game and they were constantly trying to "sarge" on us. Thats OK, because we ended turning the tables on them and left the club w/ their chix - LOL. . The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the restrooms are super far. You have to leave some breadcrumbs to find your way back. However, if you are smart you can turn that negative into a positive and escort your new found friend and earn brownie points w/ her!
The decor is stunning and there's HOT asian girls everywhere. In bathtubs, go-go dancing etc.. The main dance floor is big, but is SOOO crowded there was no way I could squeeze my way in find a spot to dance. Outside is a balcony type of area, where people are just smoking and such but the view is awesome. I particularly like the smaller back room because the music was much better (not so fist-pumpy, but cool hip-hop-ish mixes) and the bar in the back was much easier/faster to get drinks. Cool experience if you've never been. P.S. getting in may take awhile.. but it's Vegas!
Tao is the way to go if you are staying at the Venetian.  I went on a girls trip to Vegas and was able to get into Tao for free and with VIP every night.  Right to the front of the line, and walked right into a bar with free drinks from 10-11.  A lot of places offer these types of deals for women, and it's a deal that can't be beat.  Tipping $2 a drink for a well mixed is an amazing deal.  . . The club is top notch and huge.  It does fill up fast and get kind of crazy on the weekends.  There are bouncers EVERYWHERE so it's nice to know that even though you're in a club, it's a pretty safe environment.  One night I took off my shoes because my feet hurt (I know this is a no-no) and the bouncers were on me like white on rice within 15 seconds!  The bathrooms are also pretty cool.  The glass on the door is clear, but then fogs up once you go in.  . . If you go on a Friday or Saturday you will get to see women hanging from the ceiling doing acrobatic types of stuff and they also will dump glow sticks onto the dance floor which is fun!  Probably the biggest negative was the DJ.  The music could have been waaay tighter.  I'd say one out of every 3 songs played were danceworthy.  For Vegas I would have expected way better beats.  Overall though it's a pretty cool club and worth going to at least one night if staying at the Venetian.  I would also recommend going in the summer if possible because the party goes up to the roof level where Tao beach is, and the cabanas are pretty sweet!
This review is for the restaurant and the nightclub.. . Had dinner reservations for 3 at 9pm. Arrived early to the restaurant, notified the host and went to the bar. The host was kind of an asshole. He made sure we closed out of bar tab before we got to our dinner table. The drinks were blah, typical vegas prices. Now onto the food. My girl friends and I ordered small bites to eat (before we went to the club). The food arrived barely warm and it was just mediocre. I think would've gotten better quality and flavor from a restaurant in Chinatown. As we were waiting it out til 10pm (when the club opens), we ordered another dish, the pad thai. It was unflavorful and filled with mostly bean sprouts. We wrapped things up around 10pm, got our bill and our server forgot the pad thai (score!). He stamped our hands for our free entrance (and line skipping) to Tao that night. Trey Songz was hosting at Tao that night and my advice is if you want to avoid paying for the club and standing in a ridiculously long line, get dinner reservations here, so you'll surpass the line and get into the club without any troubles.. . Tao had a mixed crowd and the music was on point. It got a little crowded, but that happens everywhere. Waited and waited for Trey Songz to make his appearance, but nada. Oh wells, off to another club we went........ . Tao is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Will be coming back in the future!
In the interest of full disclosure, I came as a part of a conference and our drinks and food were both comp'd so I can't comment much on prices.  . . The food we had was really good... it was buffet style, so my expectations were low, but it was actually really flavorful and tasty.   I can only imagine that their regular menu would be even better.  They had a good selection on drinks, but as part of the group I was with, we were limited to beer, wine, and some sort of spiked punch looking cocktail... bummer.  Otherwise, the place was very clean.  I really loved the way it was decorated and laid out inside.  We can on a weeknight and it was pretty busy... I bet thie place is an absolute zoo on weekends.  They are pretty strict on dress code, so make sure you are in compliance before you even try going in.  Someday, I'll give it another shot when I'm not in Vegas for a conference to get a better feel for it... I enjoyed it enough that I think it would be great to go back to.
as far as night clubs, it's hard for me in vegas to find a nightclub that still played good hip hop.  most of the other clubs play the high energy, techno trance variety.  i love that music too, but i prefer hip hop..and this place has it :). . it also wasn't that hard to get in even though busta rhymes was performing the night i went, but the again, it wasn't a busy holiday weekend.
Located in The Venetian! Beautiful design and two different dance floors. One that is more hip hop, pop, top 40's and the other is more of house music. When summer comes, Tao Beach will be open, and then there would be another level to go dancing! So three dance floors during that time! The view is spectacular! . . This is my second favorite nightclub! But you have to make sure that you find a promoter and get on the guest list! My promoter Chris hooked me up and my friends. I love that he took care of everything! He is definitely the best! =) Females have open bar around 10:30pm to 11:00pm now...I know they changed from 10:00pm to 11pm, but that is ok! The bartenders definitely hook it up for the ladies! Males usually have to pay $20 to $50 (can get more pricey if there are celebrities) depending if they like you or not (men and women)...I know politics....Hate it...But yes, people tend to be shallow, but you will definitely have fun at this nightclub! . . The nightclub definitely gets packed around 11pm so remember to go early!!! Trust me! The line can get ridiculously long! They tend to let female groups in after 10pm, so males...good luck! . . The bartenders are very sweet and nice as well as the servers! . . There isn't much sitting room except when you go to the front of the club, then there is like two benches. So ladies, if your feet hurt from your heels, this is the spot where you should be!. . Overall, I love TAO Nightclub and Surrender at Encore (most favorite nightclub!)!!!
This is my review of my 3rd visit to Tao, but this is the first time I've ever had a table here.. . Came here on Cinco de Mayo for a bachelorette party. A group of us 9 girls booked a table for the night to have a place to sit & chill while we party it up. At first, I was a little sad when I saw that our table was actually at Tao Beach and not inside the club itself, but that turned out to be a good thing because it felt so nice out there! There weren't any sweaty people up in your bubble. Lots of space for you to mingle and dance. . Since we had a table, we also had our own private "butler" (ThomAs was his name, and damn he was foiiiine!). Our table also came with a bottle of Goose w/cranberry and pineapple juice.. . For the first time, I actually didn't make my way to the main dance floor that night.. but that was okay 'cause there wasn't a celebrity guest there and the DJ at Tao Beach was playing all the good hip hop cuts (which I was hoping for).. . Overall, GREAT experience at Tao! The extra $$ I coughed up was well worth it.
LOVE THE MUSIC!!  I hadn't been here since about 5 years ago and things haven't changed one bit.  We got in with a $10 fee per person (I think if we tried to find a promoter to get us in for free we could have, but it's okay).  I had a great time here.  We went on a Thursday night and there was mainly hip hop playing the whole night - from old school to Bay Area gangster rap.  LOVE!. . They had no problems letting girls into VIP areas and letting them get up on the tall benches to dance (which we did).  The different floors were great for dancing, drinking, and people watching.. . Even though this club is not the newest, hippest place to go in Vegas these days, I still had a lot of fun and would go here again next time I'm in Vegas.
It's not marquee, but it's awesome for a less expensive spot.still lots of talent walking around, and big enough that you're not on top of people.  Where marquee is wall to wall people and no space, which is amazing in its own right, tao you actually get some space.
Well, when I was there they gave out free flip flops to the ladies in heels on their way out.  So, can you say, AWESOME!!?. . The look of pure joy on some of these ladies' faces just really warmed the soul.. . [Besides that it was a very well decorated club.  They really leaned into their theme and got something really great out of it.  The fresh rose petals in the water basins on the way out were a nice touch, especially when the last basin turned out to be a tub with a beautiful girl in it!]
Great music - spins hiphop/top 40, which is quite a break from the house everywhere else in Vegas. Loved the 2nd floor back bar spinning old school hiphop - DJ was fantastic. Club is stunning and large, though there isn't an outdoors area like XS or Surrender. Friend worked with promoter Thisoo to get our group of 5 girls/3 guys in for free, open bar until 11pm. Bouncers are professional.
Just came back from Memorial day weekend in Vegas and was at TAO last night. I've been to most of the other clubs in Vegas (Marquee, XS, Surrender..etc.) but surprisingly have never been to TAO. . . I had a great experience and will be coming here more often! DJ Vice was spinnin', never heard of him before but def LOVE him now! Had a little DJ crush on him because he was doing his thang and doing it well. He played mostly top 40/hip hop with a little mix of house. It was just the right amount.  I'm more of a top 40/hip hop person because I'd rather be body rollin' and booty poppin' to the rhythm of good jams than fist pumping all night so was glad to be here. At the end of the day, I think it's just what type of music you like to get down to. Oh yea, and Too Short showed up randomly..... . Got on the guestlist with Mike C. so free entry and we only had to wait about 15 mins. The decor was nice, crowd was diverse, which is what I'd generally prefer, and the place was pretty spacious. They had really cool bathrooms, with frosted windows and the workers at the bathrooms were very nice. Helped me out in my emergency moment. Granted there were usually long lines but thankfully they had more bathrooms nearer to the entrance in the separate old school hip hop room (this was a more spacious room with pretty good music too!). Dehydrated from drinking all day, it was great that the bartenders gave out free water and didn't charge a ridic amount like some other clubs do. . . Downside: . . It was super crowded and I generally like to dance with not so many people up in my grill. It was probably worse since it was memorial day weekend but  from the other reviews, seems like it's always like this. To make matters worse, towards the end of the night, it was more blah. Vice was gone and the dance floor became a sausage fest with creepers trying to desperately find a last minute hook-up before the night ends. There were many thirsty guys; I know you're trying to get it in and all but damn, calm down and learn how to dance. Sidenote, forceful thrusting is NOT dancing. . . . Next time, def coming and gettin' my drank on!
TAO nightclub is a place where ladies in their late 20's come to meet hot guys (like me) and drink for free when they're in Vegas. Guys in a party with 1:1 ratio of girls can get in free if they're on guest list.  Having said that, this is probably the best club for a guy to get into free (with the right crowd).  Many people that review this club are creepers or girls that don't understand what "dress code" is.  Las Vegas is notorious for getting people to go clubbing...that really need to stay in or drink at their (trashy strip club) of choice. . . As the hottest (and charming and sexiest) guy in the club last Saturday, I must complain about a couple of things - . . 1) When hot girls dance on a girls-only pedestal of the main stage.  I can't even talk to you if you're not on the main floor, so get down and let's rage.  The whole reason you came was to meet me anyway, duh.. . 2) Married females in bachelorette parties...if you aren't single, why are you in a club of all places???  It messes up my flow.. . 3) Girls who rag on security because they tell them to put their shoes back on.  Let's be honest, you don't want to see me with my shoes off (even though my feet are sexy).. . Overall, it's a great experience - especially if you're beautiful like me.
I'm not a clubber and this was my second club experience since turning 21. The guys at clubs creep me out... so I never been back till now.. . My old manager knew a promoter here who got me and my 3 girlfriends on his list. It was one of girlfriend's 21st birthday that weekend, so this was my little treat for her. :) There was a line outside but we got through everything quickly, within 10 minutes probably bypassing many of other clubbers who were there before us. We got wristbands for open bar from 10-11 PM. We weren't charged cover either. . . Music was good and the scene was actually laidback. Thankfully no creepers this time! The dance floor is EXTREMELY packed. You can't move without touching someone.
I don't know why such a mediocre rating for Tao. It's actually one of my fave nightclubs at Vegas, even with all the new clubs lately. First, I usually stay at the Venetian so this is a perfect elevator ride downstairs, no taxi no walk. Their guestlist is super easy to get on and the cut-off time is 12am so there's no rush to make it in. There's two dance floors: hip hop and house, and I'm always at the house side. It gets packed like sardines up at Tao and by 1am there's no room to breathe. The trick is to go up! Start climbing on tables, and rails, and high platforms - there you can have room to move. The bouncers are really chill too as long as you're not a hot mess. . . Best time here when Fedde Le Grand spun for EDC weekend! He was amazing
Bathtubs of petals and other things that move!. . What I love about being a girl in Vegas is one thing: FREE. I was in a group of nine girls and we were quickly escorted into the club.. . Tao is a nostalgic place for me, because it was the first Vegas club I went to when I was 21. I haven't went to a club and expected to stay up all night for a long time now. So I was very worried that I'd pass out on my friends. Fortunately the open bar we had helped me out a bit. You heard me, open bar! It was like this on a Saturday night from 10-11pm. . . Music was good: mix of hip hop, pop and some techno. Overall I had an awesome time bc of everything written above, my group of friends, and meeting a fun/cute guy!!
We were with CI investments, at their annual convention. It was Thursday night, and it was time to party!. . Dressed up and ready for action, we took a short cab ride from The Wynn to The Venetian Hotel. There was a crowd already there, but our group was able to skip the line and in we went at no charge.. . It's pretty dark inside, and we first noticed a bunch of Buddas when we first arrived. Next we saw 2 glass window boxes with lingerie clad models writhing around inside.. . On the floor, there were bathtubs filled with rose petals and more models wearing nude body stockings "bathing" in the tubs. The club was already packed and DJ seven spun the typical club music ( yawn ). . We were taken up above the masses into private sky boxes. Our group had 3 of them reserved for us. We were treated to European Bottle Service. This consisted of large bottles of Grey Goose and our own personal waitress who sat with us, mixing our drinks at the table. There were decanters filled with various juices, as well as 7-up,red bull, bottled water and a large bowl of ice.. . Throughout the night, I counted at least 9 bottles between the 3 tables. I can only drink that sort of stuff for a limited time before I get some major heartburn.. I wanted some Kahlua & Milk to go with my Grey Goose, but I didn't bother to ask.. . Our waitress had a bitchy look all night. The best was when one of the guys drunkenly tried to get her to dance hehe. She politely declined, too bad maybe dancing would of removed the stick from her ass.. . The bathrooms were super cool. They were individual stalls with sinks and mirror right in with the toilet. The doors are clear, but when locked they frost over.. . The music was very loud. The dance floor packed. We did not even try to go down amongst the masses. People danced by our table. Above the Dance floor a girl swung from a trapeze, and metallic confetti came down . . Another cool feature was the back of the booths had a flip top chest where you can stash your purse. Genius !. . I hung out here til 4 am, at that point the novelty had wore off, the smoke was bothering me, the DJ was starting to recycle "Sexy and I know it" and I was over dull conversation and watching people drunkenly attempt to dance, grope and hook up.. . Tao was fun because of the VIP treatment on someone Else's dime. I can only imagine what the bill was like when it came.....but near the end of the night I was bored and ready to leave. My gf was still having fun so I left her with some co workers and conventioneers and off I went.. . I took a spin around the lounge on my way out, then had a very nice stroll home taking photos and stopping to buy Bailey's Irish cream at 415 am. . Where else but Vegas!!
Darn it I forgot to check in while I was there! If you know anyone in the "business," I would try to get on the guest list, the line up is a lot shorter and a lot more organized. Being in a group of 4 girls, we got in without a hitch and it was onward to party and see Dash Berlin! . . I've been to Tao many times and I always enjoy the outdoor rooftop. The layout is nice and open with many reserved table/seating set up. There's a nice cushioned back area if you need to find a place to sit, hang or even lay down! Always a great atmosphere whenever I come here, the age range is just right and it never get rowdy!. . The main stage downstairs gets way too packed for my taste. We tried to see ATB and found ourselves crammed, body to body trying to get in. We turned around and went back upstairs to wait for things to die down. The second excursion to see Dash Berlin (that same night) seemed a lot easier for some reason. We managed to squeeze onto the side and had great visibility of the stage. All in all, always a great time here!
I know Tao isn't the hottest club in Vegas anymore but I've had some of the best times here. Danny the promoter always hooks it up they usually have open bar for ladies 10-12 and the dance floor never feels overly crowded they have 2 floors hip hop down stairs.. . If you want to have a great time in Vegas and not have to worry about huge crowds and packed dance floors go to Tao
This place is ssssiiiick wit it. . The atmosphere is super chill, laidback, music is very modern and up to date, I like the Buddist vibe in the club, Plus it has I believe 4 stories to toy with.  . . This club becomes even more happenin when TAO beach is open, so bring your trunks and/or bikinis and get ready to have a blast.  . . The bathtub dancers are a cool touch too, and last time I was there, I ran into Kenan from SNL.  LOL Only in Vegas
Everytime I go to Vegas I make sure I go to Tao, love the music and drinks. Too crowded tho but still love it : )
Where else can you spoil girls with dinner and drinks? As they ascend to the dance floor from fortune cookie cake surprise to star studded celebs with it all. TAO Nightclub is definatley the seductive birthday girls present. There is one more gift for bachelolrettes besides champagne tables and amazing music from international DJ sets. Maybe the rest should be a secret at Venetian Hotel Las Vegas but someday go back.
As expected from one of the Vegas clubs, the lines are long and the place is packed. The saving grace is the line isn't as hectic as say, Marquee, and the cover for guys is a little less. Free if you're staying at the Venetian or Palazzo which is great because those hotels aren't bad at all.. . Much like Marquee, this place also has lots of stairs. Luckily, not as much as that place and not as maze-like. Just beware that in summer, it gets ass hot. I was sweating after a couple flights.. . There are also the mandatory dancers but these dancers writhe around in oversized champagne glasses/tubs.. . Cool place and I'll most likely go back again. There's also no shortage of promoters here so even better if you can get on the guest list.
I went here with a group of friends for a bachelor party weekend in Vegas and I was blown away. The decor was great and the atmosphere was really fun. Since we had a bachelor party and made reservations for a table in advance, we didn't have to wait in line. So I can't tell you how long the wait was but what I can tell you is that there was a long line to get in. Once we were in, we were escorted to our table which was in the mezzanine and over looked the crowd. The place was packed and everyone was dancing and having a great time. The DJ (I forget his name) was great and didn't play a bad song all night. I don't remember how much the tab came out to but I know we had a great time and had no complaints. Worth stopping in and trying when you're in Vegas.
Loving this place for giving us, a group of 5 girls, free entrance and free drinks.  We were on a guest list from a "host" not a "promoter" but I really would not know the difference except for the fact that the group of girls in front of us didn't wear the pink wristband we did and there is a special section in this club that we were allowed to get in; they even asked us to dance on the ledge which was fun.   We did not have to wait awfully long to get in the club either.  We were asked to check in at It's Sugar, right across from the club where we got our wristband.  I must say it feels pretty darn good passing the long line! Felt like aVIP!  Free drinks is only from 10:30 to 11:30.  I love the crowd here, very fun and not too aggressive! This club is very, very crowded though that is why I am only giving them 4 stars. Overall, when I go back to Vegas  I shall hang out here again --  only if I go back with my girl friends.  I was supposed to meet a classmate from high school but for a husband and wife, they had to pay $50 each -- on top of waiting forever in that long line outside-- ouch!
Awesome club.  Great music, but much too crowded.  Multi-level with pool access if you get too hot in the club.  Girls are pretty much welcome anywhere here.  The model dancers are practically naked, so great eye-candies.  My favorite part is when you leave the club, they give you TAO sandals!!  They understand the pains of being a girl in heels after a night of partying!
We were on the VIP guest list, but we didn't even end up having to use it. The bouncer loved us he brought us to the front immediately and just let us in without hesitations. The club was crowded, but that's Vegas for you. The first dance floor that plays hiphop was small, but still enough for you to move and dance and such. Yeah got stepped on a few times, and about to smack some b/tches up, but it's coo. We ain't even trippin like that. The main room played club house music, which was cool. It was much more crowded than the other room. Though, there were a lot of VIP booths that took up majority of the space to dance. So the bouncer only let so many people in at a time. Regardless, I had a great time at Tao, met some cool people got some free drinks. It was different.
I went here with some friends on a Thursday night and really enjoyed myself.  The ladies bathrooms are upstairs and were nice but unusual (the doors become opaque as you lock the doors).  We ended up sharing bottle service with some new friends, so I'm not sure how much the drinks were.
After being rejected from 1 OAK because my friends license was expired (it ceases to be a compliment at that point) we ended up at Tao. Didn't wait on line but paid a $20 cover (mehh were just happy to be in at that point). This place would suck if you didn't have a table because the dance floor is pretty small and the bar is overwhelmed..  Luckily though, that wasn't a problem for us and we partied the night away :)
I know, I know. The general consensus is that TAO sucks. It's way too crowded and overrun with Asians. Even if this may be true, I experienced one of the best nights in Vegas I've ever had here.. . We came because the birthday girl wanted to see Armin van Buuren spin and I'm so glad we did. Yes, the place was pitch black. Yes, the place was ridiculously crowded (I can't tell you how many times we lost our friends or were squished like sardines on the dance floor, pushed up again strangers' sweaty backs).. . But eventually, we found our little niche in some corner between a wall and a table's booth, and danced the night away with our giant light sticks. I'm pretty sure we stayed there dancing for a good 3-4 hours continuously. The table we were dancing next to asked us to join them later in the night, so it was even better dancing on the booths, sipping on free bottled waters and alcohol provided by the generous table!. . Realistically speaking, I'm probably never visiting TAO again (majority always votes against), but I'll never forget the amazing night I had there.
Three and a half, but I bumped it up to four for the music mainly.. . We went to this club on our first night here (thursday), and it was pretty packed in the dance floor area. There were four of us (all girls), and we got in free, but because we were put on the guest list through a promoter. We were promised a free round of drinks, if not more, but to our dismay, the promoter stopped texting us as soon as we got there.  They get paid on bringing people in, but this one didn't follow through.. . The club itself wasn't bad.  Upon entering, we walked up the stairs since the first area was a dining area. The drinks are pricy, like any place in Vegas.  The bathroom for the ladies required us to go up yet another flight of stairs, but our view while waiting allowed us to look at the crowd below.. The night we were there, it was all hip hop and r&b music so I had a blast. The dance area is pretty tiny (or what I saw from this night, maybe there is a bigger area for friday/saturday) since most of it is roped off for table service. Right behind the dj area is a door to and outside balcony where people went for air if it became too hot or to take a smoke break.. For a thursday night, I thought this place was pretty fun, minus all the creepy guys. But then again, there are creepy guys in every club in Vegas.
To be frank, the placement of that dancefloor is just plain stupid. There's enough tables around the place....rip out everything in the middle and make the dancefloor bigger and less awkward please.. . We dropped in around midnight and the second floor was PACKED. I was completely dissapointed and was not enjoying myself at all! We ended up hanging in the lounge for awhile to wait out the crowd. While down there, wecordered drinks from a not so pleasant waitress and found we had to pay a 40% mark up! 20% in service fees and another 20% for something else? WTH? I had just gotten an appletini upstairs for $14....paying $20 something for a lychee martini was NOT cool! So FYI, order from the bar.. . Once we saw people starting to clear out, we headed back up and had a blast! Still was crowded, but we had more room for maneuverability AND we got a bunch of free drinks compliments of the club. Awesome!. . The place is gorgeous and I would def return armed with my new found wisdom. :)
Came on a Friday to see Hardwell. Get presale tickets and your life will be a breeze, so what's an extra $20/30 to skip a line especially with a bunch of guys? You're in Vegas, you didn't think it was going to be cheap did you? Not a fan of the floorplan, lots of seating and not enough dance space. The little balcony in the back to get some air is so tiny. Nice architecture and consistent ambiance within the venue and a clear separation of house music from the hip hop. Drinks are expectedly overpriced, over $100 for 6 jagerbombs. Really nice place, particularly large asian crowd and a generally good time.
Best club experience I've ever had, but yes, it's overcrowded with a faulty dance floor layout.  Almost got into a fight with someone simply due to the overcrowding, but hey, it's a night club.  Good music most of the night, great atmosphere with different areas and styles, plenty of eye candy, but even better we all got in for free and drank for free.  Yes, I'm sure that had an influence in my rating, but it really was a great time with all the glittering confetti raining down on us, the glow stick portion of the evening, and the acrobatics above our heads.  Would recommend to anyone who doesn't mind rubbing up on pretty much everyone else there.
Every single time I go to Vegas, TAO is always on my list of clubs to go to. Thursdays are always jammed pack with people. I love the set-up of TAO.. . I believe the drinks are free for ladies before 11pm. Get ready to hand them down to those men who are trying to scrounge up a free drink. (frugal men..). . I've seen several headliner DJs here also. But be ready because it can be mosh pit inside. It can be very crowded where you have no room to dance, but only a shoulder to rub on.. . If you're not in the mood for rubbing shoulders, you can go outdoors where it's more airy and less crowded. I love the outdoors during the summer nights in Vegas. The air is warm, but not humid. . . Ladies gets in for free and guys for $20 if you have a promoter. But no worries, someone should have one in you're group.
Went here on a Saturday nite on Jan a week or 2 after NYs,and had a blast.. dress to impress...Several levels to choose from to suit your taste.. Also in the middle of the strip.. downside would only be the price of drinks.. but its vegas, so that point is forgiven..
Pre Super Bowl party . . Entering Tao, you see white tubs filled with 3/4 water with a girl inside and rose pedals floating everywhere.  I'll leave that to your imagination to come and check it out yourself.   I'm sure everyone enjoyed little scene.  . . Our host mentioned that there are 3 levels, and each floors plays different music;  we're welcome to  can check it out.   We were in the main floor that plays house music and our table was in a corner booth right next to the DJs.  The waitress were friendly and gorgeous.  The bouncer was a big teddy bear.  . . We partied where we were and didn't move, it's too pack to walk around.  We all had  a fun time.. . Until next time......
I had an Awesome time with my bf and his cousins. This was my first time clubbing and luckily i got free drinks. I was drunk and it was cool cuz I dance my ass off without  feeling awk and besides that fact that a couple guys ended up behind me and tried to hold my hand wtf? -_- and me stepping on other girls feet w/o knowing it haha i had a really good time
The music was great, the dance floor was packed, everyone was having a good time until someone stole my friends phone out of her pocket and my other friend was forced to wait an hour (when it was already 5am) to get her jacket from coat check only to be told to come back at 10am since they were closed. . . The dancers are hot and can really shake what their momma gave them :) I probably wont go back here because of the theft and issues with coat check though. So as long as you are aware of your possessions and dont wear a coat in the colder months, you will most likely have a good time . . also there isnt really a smoking area... it appeared that the bar was the smoking area... kinda not what I expected lol
Zoe Zoe Zoe!  My drink was never empty- she taught me how to shake it; my best friend has the best birthday. Thank you zoe!
My fav spot when in Vegas!
Going to Tao in Vegas is kind of like going sightseeing. It's usually on your list of things to do in Vegas, you know you will see some tacky shit, but you will also probably enjoy it and be glad you did it. Much like traveling in general, it all depends on who you are going with and what mindset you are in. . . I personally had a blast. I was with a small group (5) and because we were staying at the hotel we waited in a line that moved pretty fast. We went around 1030 and waited maybe 10 minutes in line. We got in no problem, no trouble from the door guys. Guys were $20 cover and girls were free. People were dressed up and looked good, but it wasn't quite as formal as I thought it would be (then again, I'm from Manhattan). . . Yes, there are girls in bathtubs filled with rose petals. Yes, there are go-go dancer type people. Yes, the balcony is crowded and filled with tons of smokers. Yes, it is a little tacky - red decor, buddhas, and bamboo looking accents. Yes, the drinks aren't cheap. Yes, there are a lot of bachelor/bachelorette parties going on. . . But here's the thing - I think it works. It's got all the right elements: Good DJs playing a mix of top 40s, EDM, and the occasional classic throwback. There are a LOT of bars, and I never waited more than a minute or two to get drinks. People are definitely down to dance, friendly and fun but not overstepping. We had a blast and partied til 430. It may not be as new as XS or Marquee, but it's definitely a good time! . . Tips. -Go early if you can. Standard club etiquette I suppose, but this solves a lot of problems. . . -Dress up! Girls were wearing really short and tight dresses (e.g. Herve Leger style) and guys were mostly wearing nice jeans, button downs/blazers and loafer-type shoes. It's Vegas! You can't be 'over dressed' :) . . -Make sure you get in the right line. There is a line for hotel guests, for non-hotel guests, and if you are all girls, you can basically just walk right up to the doorman (sorry boys!). A note on all guy groups - they let the all guys group in behind us right away... but maybe on the weekend if you are a group of all guys, I'd recommend finding a few girls in the line to pair up with and trying your luck in a better ratio than all bros.
I liked TAO a LOT more than I thought I would! Veryyyy pleasantly surprised with this place.. . My friends and I almost decided not to go this night, and I know I would have missed out like crazy. First of all, Snoop Dogg was there that night......... How was I gonna miss my man performing??!!! It ended up being our best night in Vegas thus far. . . I noticed that many reviews talk about how crowded this place is and blah blah blah. Yeah, the place is crowded. So is everywhere in Vegas. I mean, it's Vegas. Push through the crowd and stop complaining. We had just barely made it during open bar (like seriously within the last MINUTE) so that started off our night very wonderfully. After our first attempt to push through the crowd, we decided to go upstairs instead and got scouted out by some dudes with a table, why not? Chilled on the second floor and realized the one inconvenient thing about this place....the bathrooms oh my god. They sucked so bad, honestly who came up with the stupid idea for having bathrooms outside and having to wait in a big fat line each time. It was the most counterproductive shit, and it was making me really angry. Another thing was the multiple flights of stairs, how are drunk people supposed to make that trek up and down? I managed but it was pretty difficult. . . The decorations of the place were so elaborate and the way the show was done honestly made up for it all. There were like people hanging from the ceiling and crazy shit going on during the performance that I forgot about anything and everything I had been complaining about. I was literally right in front of Snoop Dogg and the bouncers were super mean and yelling at me for trying to get closer but whatever, I had the most amazing time!!!. . TAO is an incredible club, if you don't want to spend your whole night there it's definitely at least worth a visit. It was most definitely the most nicely decorated club I've ever seen!
DANG! TALK ABOUT CROWDED! We went on a Saturday night! and let me tell you, there were no space for ANYTHING.  The club decorations were great! The music was great! Great place to try out!
What can I really say? I mean- it's another awesome nightclub in Vegas. I'm not sure if I have anything negative to say about any of the nightclubs I've been to in Vegas (though I have my favorites as you can see from my other reviews). Maybe part of the reason is also because I usually only attend the ones that have been hyped up.. . Tao is very creative, when I walked in, the first prop I saw was an actual person- seemed to be a common theme. They had one dance room where there was a girl swinging around on a hula hoop that was hanging from the ceiling. Like most other popular clubs, the dance floor gets really crowded but they have multiple dance rooms
Always a great time a Tao.. It does get crowded sometimes, but i've never had a bad time there. It's my go-to club, plus the food at the restaurant is pretty good too
A lot of fun. It was pretty crowded when I went, but the energy was awesome.
Unst unst usnt unst. . That's what it sounds like in TAO. But it's a good vibe indeed. . 1. Make sure you're a girl. Sorry bros.. 2. Get on VIP guest list...free entry and front of the line/first to enter. . 3. Get there early for open bar (ladies only). 4. Dance the night away! . . The place get's crowded but the atmosphere is legit. Cool decor and lighting. Friendly bar staff. Good music. And for all you dudes out there there's of course good looking ladies dancing...even some nearly naked ones (employees obviously). . Upon entering you are guided through the restaurant and up the stairs into a decently sized venue. This is certainly one of the better clubs in Vegas and comes highly recommended from moi.
i guess the promoters there actually made my first experience here better.... we skipped the long line as we got brought in, first floor was kinda empty for a Friday night, second floor was packed.. music there wasn't great but didn't bum me out either. we had a few drinks then my friend complained there weren't enough Asian (seriously ...) and that's when we left. wish i could stay longer!. but overall i had a good time there.
I usually hate clubs, but really enjoyed myself here (I'm sure drinking helped lol). Yes, it was crowded, but I was in Vegas, at a popular club, so I wouldn't expect any less.
Beautiful club, music was just whatever until they started actually playing songs - the whole techno thing ain't for me.  Lisa the bartender was awesome!   Will be back for dinner for sure!
Yes I know, the dance floor is way over crowded. But you won't complain when you hook up with someone on the dance floor...and it's a very high chance to hook up when you're literally grinding with the person next to you when you move. You all know it's true.. . Drinks are regular club priced. Not horrible.. There are half naked girls swimming in flower covered bath tubs.. Good Dj and sound system.. . For people looking to get a deal, or to bypass the long lines, this is what you do...Eat dinner here! You need to eat anyways right? So have dinner here at 9pm, which requires that you buy an entree dish for at least $30, and then tell your waitress that you would like a stamp for the club afterwards. Chill, have some drinks, then roll up to the club! Just beware of special holidays, because even with the stamp, you will need to pay $20 (half off) for the club, which isn't bad. Was just here for memorial day weekend ($30 food, $20 club). Yeah yeah, your breath will stank. Bring some gum foo. Gosh.
Oh Tao, what can I say about you. I still love to come here over the years but there are nights when I wonder why. It is always so crowded that there is always a gridlock on the dance floor. Must be aggressive if you want to get through that crowded dance floor to find space for your group to dance. Also, you will be forced to get up close and personal with everyone close to you. Including that clutzy guy that stomps on your feet while he dances or that drunk chick who spills her drinks all over your dress. Yes, that happens very often. There will be someone who's arm accidentally smacks someone in the face. Yet, at the end of the night/early morning, I had a good time as I'm walking out of the club with my group.
We came here on our first night in Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend (MDW) 2013.  I've actually come to this club on a separate occasion during a Thanksgiving weekend so I kind of knew what to expect.  Asian theme, girls in bathtubs, a packed dance floor, and a crowded bar.  Yup, Vegas.. . Being Asian themed, I did see a good amount of Asians, but not so much where it felt like the majority.  The demographics were very mixed and well balanced in my opinion, as I think Vegas is as a whole.  This city is so great at bringing all sorts of people together!. . Arriving around 10:30pm, the line was already ridiculously LONG.  Like wrap around the hotel, wait an hour in line LONG.  So make sure you get there early!  There wasn't a special event there or anything; just the fact that it was MDW I guess.  A plus was that girls got in free with the guest list (just talk to a promoter), but because it was MDW and guys wanted to make SURE they got in, the guys in our group bought pre-sale $40 tickets (though I'm honestly not sure if they needed it).. . Once we got in, we saw that the dance floor was pretty packed.  We headed to the bar since ladies could drink free til midnight!  We girls definitely took advantage and drank up!  HUGE PLUS since most Vegas clubs will charge $13+ per drink!  So lesson learned: make sure you talk to a promoter to find out what kind of specials are going on.  Even though Tao might not be the most "happening" (new) place as Hakkasan, XS, Marquee, etc., I will definitely take free drinks over all those overly busy clubs, PLEASE!. . Decor in comparison to the "newer" clubs is a little lacking, but still a clean(ish), classy place.  The dance floor does get a little hot and sweaty (gross) though, but that's probably because it's so big and always so packed.. . Bottom line: Terrible line (so come early), but great promotion, great club, beautiful hotel, and good times all around.  A comfortable and reliable club in Vegas in my opinion!
4 stars because of the sweetest bouncers and my awesome promoter. We were in for Dash Berlin, and my promoter comp-ed all the extra guys under my name for me, free of charge, and didn't need any girls to walk in with them. That was because a previous promoter my friend booked our table with didn't allow more than 5 guys into the table (which was TOTAL BS. sigh, my friend was totally G'ed) But the bouncers were very nice and told me I didn't even need to walk out with my ID to bring the other boys in (which alot of other places in Vegas make u do when the girls comp the boys in). . This place is ALSO a place full of sardines. It's incredibly packed, but I really couldn't complain. We had a table. We then shifted to the VIP table right next to Dash Berlin. I got to see one of my favorite DJs up close and personal, and he made it rain and money was falling all around me - It was fun. I picked up the money just to give throw it back down to the other crowd - haha. Awesome strobe lights too. . . I was a happy camper.
Get on the roof! This is where the fun/action is! Came here for Dash/ATB during EDC weekend and had one of my most fun clubbing experiences ever.. . Make sure to pre-purchase your tickets though, or you'll be waiting in a line forever.
Love everything but this bitch ass bartender girl (Asian) with fake blond hair that uses used cups to serve other people! She did it Infront of me!. Someone came a d put the glass in the counter and I requested a drink and she grabbed the used cup the someone put in the COunter to serve me.. . Make sure cups are clean!!!!!!. . . She had the nerve to lie to my face! . So I made her give me a clean cup!
Great Dj
We came here at like 2 so it wasn't packed..definietly still alot of people in there though. I liked the bursts of cold air...really refreshing. Good times & a great DJ (Vice)
Been here twice. First time was fun. Second time not.. . The place is huge though like a lot of Vegas clubs, which makes it cool by itself though. . . There are go go dancers which make it kind of sexy too. . . What I like here is that it is easier to get in, if you go to dinner here you can get a stamp or wristband to get in later without waiting in line. Good reliable spot to go to if the night doesn't take you anywhere else.
came here on a Thursday night and it was a good size turnout.  Not over packed with people but still a full dance floor.  There are several rooms and dj's spinning different style music.  It's fun to walk around and dance to different types of music.  The club is quite large and if you are in a big group of friends you can lose people.  So do a buddy system especially when the hallways get too crowded people get held back or side track.
Good place, some areas were packed though and The bartenders are pretty fast even though the place is over flowing. The music was sick (house) by some chick dj. She was good. I think upstairs was hip hop I can't remember I was drunk.
Tao is great if you get a table with bottle service. In the VIP section you have your own security of course and your own set of bathrooms. The private bathroom scored this place major points! The music was top 40 remixes and the atmosphere was pretty cool. There were beautiful ladies up high in old fashioned bubble baths just hanging around but they were covered by the bubbles so no nudity. It was tasteful and I thought it was interesting to see. If I didn't have a table I probably wouldn't have rated so high but that's with anywhere I think. I like being in restricted areas. Anyway, BIG points scored at the end of the night when I was leaving and of course by then my feet were killing me. On my way out the door I was handed my very own set of Tao flip-flops as a parting gift to walk home in. I love them for this and my feet thanks them and gives them an extra star for that one!!!
Pretty good club. My friends and I have a good time here every time we come. Thursdays nights here is actually pretty popping cause its worship night or something. The ratio of girls vs guys is good since then won't let guys go in alone pretty much. So either bring girls or bribe someone so you can line up with them! Entry was smooth but the line moved a little slow even though we were on the guest list. . . Dance floor is pretty smallbut nothing matters when your're drunk! There's a big bar before you enter the dance floor (you really can't miss it). Music was really good and the ambience was awesome. I'd definitely come back here over clubs like XS which are overhyped and full of sausages.
What is the best part about bottle service in Vegas? You get to party ALL NIGHT LONG! In Hollywood you are booted from your table at 1:59, but not in Sin City.. . -i suggest booking your bottle service with a promoter and not with Tao staff. Originally we booked with Tao directly and I had to negotiate down to $1,100+ service= $1,400 for 2 bottles of Grey Goose (for 14 girls). Though that may have originally been for the lower level vs the upper level where we ended up, I don't know. Miraculously we ran into a promoter in Vegas who instead got us a $450 bottle with 1 free bottle, totaling $700 after service. The area where our table was located (upper level) had this great elevated space at the back of the booth where we danced all night. . . The venue- . -Very loud DJ, your ears will ring the next day, but this is to be expected. . -AMAZING special effects from lasers to confetti to this bubble/foam sprinkling down, to mostly naked Asian models bathing in rose petal tubs... -Throughout the night there were a few DJ's spinning house music, some better than others.. -The dance floor is extremely packed so overflow goes into the bottle service areas. Women who had been let in for free with bracelets pushed through our section and butted up against our table- too packed. At one point I couldn't get back into our section because it was so full. Excuse me??? We have a table unlike these 100 bitches standing around in my section.. -It's a very young crowd here with A LOT of women. Didn't see attractive men in their 30's, I have to be honest. Also, some guy tried to snatch one of our iphones IN OUR SECTION! We had him kicked out of the club.. -Okay, back to the good. Our bottle service was attended to well. We never ran out of mixers and we were checked on regularly.
Nice venue! Nice DJ! Really love DJ Five for the night :D. It was a Saturday Night, and we were let in pretty fast. And we played till morning. Again, love the DJ, all the great mixes! . The dancing pool is indeed overly crowded, that's why it's not 5 star. But I can understand, and no one wants wait in line forever, right?. Love it.
This is my third time at TAO nightclub.  Each time I go the club seems to get smaller, though I understand this can differ depending on how busy Vegas is that weekend.  I'd give it 4 stars this time around.. . Came here using Palazzo's Winter in Venice deal.  Did the same thing last year and was able to go straight into the club, no hassle whatsoever.  I showed the same voucher this year and was sent into the GA line.  Okay let me just say one of the appeals of this deal at all is not having to wait in a line and being able to go straight into the club.  That being said, it was still free admission for me and two buddies of mine so there's not much I can complain about there.  The deal did promise a free drink voucher though, which they did not uphold because "they ran out."  To get a drink voucher I would have had to exit the club and ask the bouncers.  Ended up just passing on the free drink voucher.. . TAO had DJ Politik playing that night, on 11/29.  Typical Top 40 hits, didn't really enjoy it as I was waiting for Sultan and Ned Shepard at XS on Saturday night (EDM).  How people can dance to or enjoy Wrecking Ball is beyond me.... . Drinks are cheaper here than they are at other clubs.  Still very expensive, but the bartender was very cute and that's always a good thing.  Ended up spending more than I would have liked buying drinks, and this was very clear to me towards the end of the night when the bartender stopped in the middle of tending the bar to shake my hand.  I was pretty flattered at the time but now thinking back that probably just meant I had spent a lot of money (which I had) or that I tipped to her liking (read: generously), which I believe I also had.. . Even though a lot of the club was closed off, TAO still tried to give the night one of those memorable feels by giving out those light up styrofoam wands.  They also spared no expense on glitter... my friend had found glitter in places that you can't (don't want to) imagine while showering after the club.  There was also a girl spinning around in the sky for an entire song, which I can only imagine to be very dizzying, but that was pretty awesome too.  Finally, there was a guy dressed up in tiny mirrors, including a spherical helmet made of mirrors, that came out on one of the better songs.  They directed lights on him so he was shining and dancing throughout the song.  His head resembled a disco ball.. . I was thinking about giving TAO 3 stars this time but then I remembered how much fun I had.  Sure, it's not as amazing as it used to be, but it's still a lot of fun.
They delivered the party!  Had a blast partying at Tao! My Bouncer Chris was the Business! Kept moochers off my table and assisted in any way possible! Service was there and ROBERT CHITI my host is AMAZING! Thanks Tao!
