Though the food is slow to come out of the kitchen, it is definitely worth the wait.. Started with the fried chicken appetizer. Bite sized dark meat marinated in ginger and soy and then deep fried.. . i had the Kiki burger which was cooked perfectly and the combo of the onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and bacon were wonderful. The garlic aioli is to die for. . . My wife had the blue green burger protein style (no bun) which though pricey was grass fed beef. She really liked it!!! We also shared salt and pepper fries but to me they were pedestrian at best.. . don't look at the menus on the whiteboards as they don't change it frequently and they didn't have most of the items that were listed. Stick to the menus the servers bring you.. . with an Asian Flair, this makes for a different burger place. Definitely worth going back too.
Went for Lunch today, Sun, @ 1:30pm. Place was about 1/2 full and there were 3 wait staff working. This is the 2nd time I am here. The first time, I had the Ronin burger. OK, but a bit over the top for me with a bunch of stuff on it. In my past review, I gave it a 3 star. Today, I am going simple. BBQ Bachi Burger, medium, sweet potato fries, and chicken kara-age.. . Like the last time, despite the fact that there were 3 wait staff, the service was somewhat slower than at many other restaurants. 3 times, I had to flag the wait staff down to ask for things. -1 star for slow service.. . The Chicken Kara-age came first, average portion for $6. The visual was not what I expected, the kara-age very dark in color and not the golden brown I'm used to seeing, so immediately, I was a bit skeptical. However, it turned out to be pretty good. The color is dark because they seem to marinade the chicken some type of Teriyaki type sauce which is giving it not only the dark color, but a sweet, salty taste as you bite in. It comes with some sort of chili mayo dip which has some kick to it. Not Bad.. . The sweet potato fries and the burger came together. The swee potato fries is one of the best I have had so far. Very tasty. It is sprinkled with what they say is a Kaffir Lime Hawaiian Salt (OK, I never would have known if it was not on the menu) and ground peppers. The sweetness of the potato, the salt, and the pepper gives a nice balance of taste. The yuzu citrus aioli gives you an option of adding a bit of citrus taste to the combo.. . The BBQ Bachi burger was awesome. Done perfectly to medium, with tons of juices flowing. The slight sweetness of the bun goes well with the BBQ burger. By the way BBQ is not the tangy type of BBQ sauce, but rather more the soy type like a Teriyaki BBQ. I prefer this burger over the Ronin that they have.. . 4 stars this time around for what I had. I wish they would improve on their service.
Bachi Burger is a great place for hamburgers. The flavors are tasty and distinctive.. The term gourmet hamburger is often over-used. I think anyone who aspires to make something better than a Big Mac will call it a gourmet burger. But the term really applies at Bachi Burger. It's first-rate ingredients prepared with great care, most with an Asian influence.. I got the pickle plate appetizer, the mushroom cheeseburger, the salt-and-pepper fries and a soda they make in-house with cherry and some sort of Japanese fruit.. As soon as the pickle plate comes you know the owner is a friend of foodies. There's little bites of six separate things, all quite interesting. My two favorites were the daikon radish and the garlic.. The pepper in the salt-and0pepper fries are jalapenos. They're not too spicy. When the fries arrived they reminded me of a pepper-infused crab dish at Yummy Yummy in San Francisco. Interesting smells. And they tasted great. I got the pineapple ketchup o go with the fries but it didn't do much for me. The garlic aoili sauce was pretty good.. The burger was great. The black angus beef was first rate and perfectly seasoned and cooked. I loved all the different mushrooms they put on the burger. The gruyere cheese was tasty. And the bun was good, too.. Maybe the only disappointment was the soda. I was hoping for something with some zingy acidity to match the rich foods, but it was a little flat. I wished I had tried a lime soda instead.. Bachi Burger is quite distinctive and certainly worth the trip south of The Strip., It's about 1.6 miles east of Interstate 15 at the Blue Diamond Road exit.
YUMMY! After stalking Bachi Burger on Yelp for a few months we finally decide to head down and check this place out.....but it was closed!! :( SUPER SAD FACE! But not to be derailed by their holiday closing we returned the very next day 37 seconds before they opened. Yeah, cause thats how Tanya S rolls!. . When you first enter you notice how clean everything looks. Nice tables, lighting ext. The ambiance was on! We were immediately greeted by the hostess who took excellent care of us as well.. . We started of first with the pecking duck buns (~$12 for 3) and they were SO good. The pecking duck was toped with a slice of boiled egg and some greens.....it also came with a dipping sauce that was so tasty.. . Next we had to share the Truffle and Parmesan fries (~$4). These were AWESOME! The tamatoey dipping sauce was perfect and the overall taste just won me over.. . I had the Ronin Burger (~$9) and it was amazing! It was a teriyaki based burger with fried egg on it, Asian slaw, and caramalized onions. Every now and then I would take a bite and get a little too much ginger for my taste but the burger was amazing! The meat was cooked medium and the bun was so good.. . We had planned to try desert but by this time we were stuffed! So on the menu next time we venture to BB: Ox Tail Soup and the mini doughnuts. . . If I wasn't already taken I would marry Bachi Burger....just saying
I've been here a few times, and have never left disappointed! The food is of a great quality, and is flavorful, to boot. They're open late (often until 2 a.m.) and they're pretty consistent in the number of patrons inside (usually 70-80% full). The staff is friendly, and willing to answer questions. Burgers are also offered protein-style for those who don't want--or cannot--eat so much bread.. . Their Truffle Parmesan fries are AMAZING,and a real deal at $4. (You can definitely share them among 2 people, but I'd get more orders for a larger group).  The sausage appetizer is tasty, as well; but it's only really for one person.. . The only qualm I have about this place is their speed of service; it usually takes about 20-25 minutes to receive your food, so don't arrive starving. That having been said, this remains one of my favorite late-night restaurants in the valley!
I've been here many times, mostly after work so around 1am. I always have a good experience.. . My first visit was marked with the Ronin burger with a fried egg. I'm a sucker for eggs and it was delicious. The truffle parmesan fries are great but the garlic truffle edamame is the best appetizer. . . All the burgers are solid and creative. But I regularly get the pork belly steamed buns or the duck steamed buns with fresh shrimp chips along with at least two glasses of the Apple Yuzu soda, that stuff is addicting!. . I've also tried the oxtail chili cheese fries. Sounds good on paper but the ratio of soggy chili fries to normal fries was out of proportion. Too much chili and not enough oxtail. You wanna get a soggy fry, normal fry, chili, cheese and a piece of oxtail in every bite and that just wasnt possible. . . Desserts are forgettable, which is fine cuz I go there for the food. . . Wednesdays are industry nights for locals, I think this is a recent thing so take advantage while you can.
Onolicious! Worth driving out to and waiting for!!  Love the concept, too! The freshness and made-to-order dishes were definitely noticeable!  Woke up my palate!
I love it here.  It's one of my favorite burger places, especially good because of the asian inspiration they inject into each of the burgers.  The food, mixed with the atmosphere and friendly wait staff make it a good experience.  . . My favorite thing to get here is the Kiki's burger.  Absolutely delicious.  I love everything about this burger.  The meat is always juicy, it has onions (good!), bacon (better!), cheese (best!), and this aioli dressing that is fantastic.  About once a month, I get a sudden craving for this burger and have to go back.. . The kalbi burger is also something that should be probably be noted.  It's not just a burger with some kimchee on it or something.  The meat has so much flavor infused into it.  Very good, thumbs up.. . I love the buns they put the burger on as well.  Its those buns that you can find in china town that's super soft and kind of sweet?  Even my cousin who said he despises those buns said it was good.. . I always get the truffle parm fries.  In my opinion, its best NOT to share these.  Get your own!  =). . At about 8 bucks a burger and 4 bucks for the fries, its reasonably priced and well worth it.  I'll be back next month when my Kiki's burger craving comes back.
Heard nothing but good things about this place so i had to check it out. Bachi Burger is like an asian influenced build your own burger place. Had the Just Fries, Garlic Salt & Pepper fries, Truffle Parmessan fries, Sweet Potato fries and Kurobuta and Arabiki Sausages. And yes, i did have help eating all of this. Ordered the Kiki's Burger which included asst. asian mushrooms, bacon, gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade and a garlic chili aioli sauce. Good stuff!! You must visit this place if you're a burger fan!!
In Las Vegas from Feb 3 to Feb 6, 2011.  Via yelp reviews, I wanted to give Bachi a try and I am glad I did, and actually ate at Bachie twice during my Vegas getaway.  Arrived las vegas on Thursday Feb 3, grabbed a rental car and first stop was Bachi as it is somewhat near the rental car facility.  Ordered the Banh Mi burger, salt n pepper fries and ice tea.  Burger 9/10 - nicely compose burger, great flavor!  Salt n pepper fries, 9/10 spot on, perfect, blends nice with the burger.  Ice Tea - The barley tea is usually good, had a least 3 glasses, a heavy ice tea with full flavor ~ I only drink ice tea (no coffee or soda) so this really hit the spot 10/10.  Service - helpful and attentive.  Total price $17 plus tip.  So good I went back on Saturday Feb 5 - wife and I ordered the steam short ribs - three tasty, tasty "asian sliders" as the waitress called them - 10/10.  Sampled both the sweet potato and Truffle Parmesan Fries ~ Sweet potato ok 7/10, T Parmesan 8/10 too much truffle drowns out the rest of the flavors.  (Hey how about a fries sampler - great margins in fries) Shared a Ronin Burger, nice flavor, great presentation, 6.5/10, but undercooked for my liking ~ consulted with waitress, she explained that medium is the way their are cooked, hmm, hmm ~ a medium cooked burger has quite a degree of variance, from a sliver of pink to gushy pink as this was.... Bachi, I would recommend noting on your menu that the burgers are cooked "medium" and describe it as such and empower/train your staff to recognize and solve customer problems.  Saturday 2/3, the staff was ill equipped and had problems meeting the needs of a 3/4 full restaurant.  While we ate, it took Bachi over 15 mins to seat four parties (one group actually left) with many tables empty - gotta work that bug out cause I want you guys around the next time I am in Las Vegas.  I dropped off a menu a the hotel concierge (joe/doug at the mandarin oriental) and told them this is a great place.  . Summary: Superior Food (noting the burger cooking issue), Service - needs improvement!  The food is too good to compromise with spotty sub par service.
The short version: spectacular food, reasonable prices, average (at best) service that just isn't the fault of the servers. The managers and/or owners are waaaaaaaaay understaffing their floor at peak times and it hurts the experience, which would be perfect if not for the service issues.. . We started with the pickled vegetables -- revelation. A nice mix of Japanese veggies that calmed the appetite but didn't fill us up. I've had both the Ronin with beef and with the chicken patty (for reduced guilt.) I loved it with both, awesome flavor combo. The fries are special. Truffle parmesan is spectacular, sweet potato not far behind.. . Beware the hard sell on the drink menu, both alcoholic and non. Looks like that's where they make up for the reasonable prices on the food menu. If you want a drink, there's a great selection of sodas, beers, wines, etc., but it'll run up your bill in a hurry.. . Servers are friendly and helpful, but just stressed out by being stretched too thin. There were two for the entire floor at dinner a few weeks ago and they were running for their lives. For the sake of the experience, please staff up, Bachi!
Wow, where can you go for a burger with a pork, shrimp, and sirloin patty, wild mushrooms, and parmesean truffle fries?  Only in vegas, and only here!. . I was surprised to find such innovative and gourmet cuisine in such a humble place, its a real hidden gem!  In fact, before I love Burgers opened, it was my favorite burger place in town, bar none.
After going months and months of living vicariously through other yelpers reviews and flipping through countless food porn photos of this place I finally had to venture out of my northwestern corner and make the pilgrimage to BachiBurger. Too say it was worth every penny spent and every mile driven would be an understatement. We started off the meal with the pork belly steamed buns. The order came with three steamed buns filled with pork belly topped with cilantro, scallions, radish, boiled egg, a Chinese black vinaigrette and hoisin sauce. These hogalicious porktastic belly fat filled concoctions will wreck your life.  Pork fat is God and Bachi Burger clearly understands this concept.. . Then came the burgers.  We ordered both the Bahn Mi Burger and the Ronin Burger.  We were both huge fans of the Bahn Mi Burger, however we could have done with out the Ronin.  I give them an A + for effort and creativity however the flavor combinations weren't necessarily working for me. Add a side of truffle parm french fries and choose one of the top notch stone or rouge brews they carry and get ready to start loven life.  I will definitely be paying another visit to Bachi Burger in the near future and suggest you do the same.  You'll easily spend $40 - $50 on a meal for two, however this is definitely one of those cases where you get what you pay for.
Went with two other friends tonight, everything we got was absolutely spot on.  The fries were fresh and crisp and well seasoned, the burgers were delicious, and we tried the homemade pickle appetizer, which was very good for the most part.  Prices were fair, service was prompt, and knowledgeable, and they had an interesting selection of beers as well.  I will be driving the 20 minutes to get a burger there sometime soon I get the feeling.
I tried it for the first time last week and the SPECIALTY BURGERS were great! I tried the KIKI BURGER and it had sauteed shitake, enoki and eryngi mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and topped off with garlic chili aioli! The burger was fabulous! And as I looked around at my friends, they had the same "mmmmm" feeling.  Funny enough -- of the six people there, 4 had the KIKI burger, 1 had the Kalbi Burger (w/ Kim Chee), and another was adventurous and made her own burger with Wagyu Beef, fried egg and bacon!  Unless I am mistaken, most burgers are made with Angus beef or  Wagyu ... and there is a bit of sweet flavor to it! . . Watch out Carl's Jr because if this is in your town, I will definitely pay up for Bachi's Specialty burgers at $8.50  than your Angus burger at $6!. . If you're going to have a burger, you have to order fries with that, right? Right! So, add the sweet potato and/or truffle parmesean fries to your order!. . So if you can find your way here, definitely go - hope you enjoy your meal as much as I did!
This is the best burger place ever!! The fish burger was great and the soft buns are Awesome!!! Love the truffle flavored fries. The staff was very nice and accommodating. You guys rock, I told my friends to try Bachi Burgers. Because of this positive experience, I will be back.
Great place to sit down and eat. They have unique innovative burgers. If you are looking for your boring basic cheeseburger and fries you've come to the wrong place. During my first visit, I ordered the Shogun burger and it was the best 20 bucks I ever spent on a burger (yes 20 bucks). The beef was so tender that it just melts in your mouth!! If you're the type that likes try something different this is the place to be. If you don't you can always go to In and Out.LOL
i don't even know where to begin. 3 hours later i am still, happily, in a food coma. a turkey burger hangover.. After Jesse B.'s review with the awesome sweet potato fries, bachi burger has been on Dan T.'s and my list to eat. We lucked out and even convinced his parents to venture out and try this place with us. Melissa was our server tonight. She was very nice and helpful. went over everything with us and even told us a little background on bachi burger. We started with some chicken karaage, oxtail chili cheese fries (complete with a fried egg on top,) and edamame. out of all three i highly recommend the chicken karaage. so crispy and tasteful. and that sauce. i don't even know what it was but i was loving it. the oxtail chili cheese fries had jalapenos all over them, but they were not spicy whatsoever. more sweet actually. they were still good and i enjoyed them.. moving onto our actual meals i ordered the lonely bird burger protein style. a chicken and turkey patty combined? I'll take it! the pesto sauce on it was quite lovely and i won't deny that i wiped that little saucer clean of it. i tried a bite of Dan's cheeseburger with bacon and was quite pleased but i will stick with my lonely bird personally. we all shared sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries. my choice was to order the truffle parmesan and i wasn't TOO impressed with them for the mere fact that about only 6 or 7 fries actually had the truffle sauce on them. all the others were pretty basic but still good to dip in the sun dried tomato sauce. I'd go for the sweet potato fries over those. the sweet potato's were crispy and packed with sweet potato flavor. i didn't feel the need to dip those in any of the fancy sauces.. needless to say, after all that yummy food we were all too stuffed to order dessert. I will be back though to try some of those little donuts with some ice cream and maybe sneak in a coffee. I was pleased. thank you bachi burger for filling my little stomach and putting me in this food coma.
Great fusion of flavors on the menu... Soo many burgers to choose from I must come back to try others.. . . Oxtail fries is quite the diggin'. . . Sweet potato fries to finish off the meal.. . . Sauces: Pineapple ketchup  :: 2 thumbs up!
Just about perfect.  Nothing to improve on food quality.  The Kiki and Kalbi were delicious - my wife and I tasted each other's.  Asian fusion flavors sets these apart.  Great menu with lots of options - encourages return visits.  We're back again next week.
A great place for asian infusion!    Everything is DELISH!    . The only downfall is service is a little slow and unorganized, so come with your patience and it will be well worth the wait!
So this place I went to after reading the amazing reviews on it. I've always been a huge fan of gourmet burger places so this I had to try!. . First of all, we were sat down by the server Anh, he was extremely helpful in not only deciding what to order, but made sure we were at a table where we could easily see the NCAA game playing. . . For an app we had the chili fried chicken which was spectacular. Way better than I expected. Also, I decided to try this strawberry lemonade they had. Honestly one of the best tasting drinks I've had anywhere. This is a MUST. As for my burger, I had the Ronin burger which has caramelized onions, cole slaw, and a fried egg on it. I have to say, it was a pretty damn amazing. Now mind you, as far as gourmet burger places, I'm from LA so I'm used to Umami and Stout (the Shu burger at Stout being the best burger known to man) but for an Asian Fusion style burger it was fantastic.. . The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is merely because I still consider Stout in Hollywood the best gourmet burger place around. But as far as Vegas is concerned, I've yet to see a place that beats it.
Well, finally after nearly a year or so the wife and I just had dinner at Bachi Burger. Very good overall and we'll be back for sure. I had the Kalbi Burger and wife had the Ronin (first one on the menu). When the burgers came we cut our burgers in half and tasted 1/2 of each. I took a bite of the Ronin and it was just great! I wil have it again. The Kalbi burger was good too, but the Kim Chee essense kind of threw the taste off a bit (and I am Korean too). The hamburger meat is a 10 on the quality scale, this ain't no $1 McDs burger, no no no. Their bun should be the standard for all hamburger buns, it is just a light carrier for the meat and doesn't overpower the other flavors, but not to say it is just a piece of bread either. The sweet potato fries were excellent and so was the regular fries, BUT once again I have a pet peave over those thin shoestring fries, I just never liked them. When I want a french fry, give me a huge steak frie, not those little shoelace fries. The dipping sauces were cute and tasty. Pineapple ketchup was ok, but not my favorite, the wasabi mayo tasting one for the sweet potato fries is much better. All in all a great place and very comfortable and casual. I did my homework and expected a long wait for my burger to come out, but it didn't take but 10 minutes or so. Service is decent and since they've been open a while they seem to have their act together. There are plenty of other selections to choose from and we'll be back to try them again!
Great burgers and fries! Service is a little slow, but the food makes up for it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, all fresh, well cared for food. The Bon Mi burger was awesome, the bread oh so soft and fluffy. The caesar salad- believe it or not, was fantastic! The service is great! Really a star in the Restaurant off the strip scene of las vegas!
After a day of slingin cookies for Rise Up Japan, I needed some fuel. I am rarely on this side of town and this has been on the list of curiosities for a while.. . The BF and I shared:. . Ronin ($8,Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, Sweet Bread Bun, Yuzu Citrus Aioli) - from the description, you can clearly see there was a lot going on. Somehow it worked for me but I think it's because those are familiar flavors I would find in a bento lunch but I know for some folks this won't work. It was very rich  specially when you're biting through the egg yolk area. You didn't need the yuzu aioli sauce served on the side (I ended up dipping fries in it). Both the BF and I were glad we split since neither of us can really eat a whole of that flavor. . . KiKi ($8, Sauteed Shiitake & Eryngi mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon Sweet Onion Marmalade, Gruyere Cheese, Ciabatta Bun, Garlic Chili Aioli on the side ) I love me mushroom and onion burgers and happy that they were generous on the onions and mushrooms in it. I did use the chili aioli to add a bit of zing to it to balance the rich earthiness and sweetness of the toppings.. . Truffle Fries ($4)- they drizzle a bit of truffle gravy on the fries but I wish they just give you that on the side. The fries were crisp and light and well seasoned. . . They had a bunch of different drinks and I respect their nicely selected craft beers, but I was just feeling on a simple and refreshing matcha ice green tea. . . Overall, service was friendly and decent with keeping up on the drinks. . . I liked the sweet bun on the burger. I thought the meat was good quality, juicy and cooked right. I think the concept is good and I am curious to try more of their offerings. However, I don't think I would drive all the way from the NW to come down to eat here. If we're in Town Square I think this will be something I'd much rather go to instead of eating in the mall.
***Sucks that Bachi Burger is closed on Mondays- I am a witness to many cars driving up,reading the sign and then sadly driving away....***. . On a Sunday we were needing our Bachi Burger fix so we quickly fulfilled our needs..... We were seated right away-it was busy but a table became free for us instantly just like it was written in the stars..... I'll just talk about items I got that I didn't talk about in my last review :. . - Fried Chicken Appetizer- Yummy with good dipping sauce- all I needed was a scoop of rice and this could've been my meal.. - Shrimp Chips - So good, salty-crispy yumminess.... - Crusty Crab Burger- I wanted to try something different than my usual Ronin Burger so I chose this-it was good but a little too seafood tasting for me- . -Kiki's Burger - The BF liked this one but had to ask for extra sauce. -Calamansi/Lime Soda- To wash all this yummy food down we tried two of their house made mix soda's- this was tangy refreshing. -Lychee/Apple Soda - This one was more on the sweeter side than the other drinks- It was OK but I prefer the Calamansi Drink instead.... . Yummy visit and will be back and Oh I have to mention that service has extremly improved and is quick....
Alright ok went back recently with a group of 10 on a action packed Friday night and I gotta upgrade their status.. I ordered the oxtail fries which were ok but the Miso burger, the pickle apps as well as service were on point. Its back on my Fuku-Slider-Burger rotation. Better yet its close to the house! Yesssss!
i'm not sure how well known Bachi Burger is to the locals, but being from out of town, i'd like to think this place as a hidden gem. . . i've been here twice and have yet to be dissappointed in the quality of food here. Burgers with a Asian twist in a pretty contemporary setting. i've had the Ronin, tried a bite of the Kiki, and the Kalbi. though, i only had a bite, i think the Kiki is amazing.... definitely wished i had order the whole burger. there orders do take a little while for them to make, as it's made to order. i look forward to the next time i go to vegas, so i can try a new burger from their interesting selection. . . Sunday lunch at Bachi is the perfect way to end a Vegas trip.
I always enjoy a good sandwich, so my wife and I checked this place out for dinner. We ordered the fish sandwich, crusty crab and sweet potato fries. The presentation of the food was great and everything tasted really good too. Their whole thing is to serve gourmet burgers and sandwiches with a Asian twist. All and all, it worth a visit.
I first went to Bachi Burger last summer. My story seems to match everyone else's - good food but slow service. Shortly after my review, I received a message from Ehren stating that they had made improvements. I'm happy to report that this is indeed the case. Granted, I don't know how much faster the food came out. For sure, it didn't take 40 minutes this time. We had a large group of Yelpers and many ordered appetizers that trickled out at various times. Also, time isn't so much an issue when you're enjoying the company of a big group. Still, I noticed little things that demonstrate their attention to detail and I could tell that they've put in the work to improve.. . So how was the food? The food quality at Bachi Burger has never been a concern. On this visit, I went with the Bachi Fish. I also went all out and added their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries to my order. The Bachi Fish was out of this world. Easily one of the best fish sandwiches I've ever had, the cod was perfectly cooked and the flavors mingled together to create an enjoyable experience in each bite. As for the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, they were good. The thing is, they might as well have been regular Chili Cheese Fries. I could definitely see there was Oxtail in it. I just wish it was more prominent.. . The advantage of being in a big group is in the sampling of other people's dishes. Elnino ordered the Chili flavored Edamame and they were delicious. Someone else passed around a plate of Bachi Chili Fried Chicken. They were tender, flavorful, and came with a great dipping sauce. For me, the huge surprise was the Bachi Pickles platter that Nelson ordered. In particular, those cloves of garlic were insanely good. I'm definitely ordering that next time.. . Well done Bachi Burger. You've really changed my perception of your establishment. My only regret is that it took me so long to come back.
This place serves up the best burgers in Vegas! . . The buns are delightful.  The clever combinations are intriguing.  I'm a major fan of the bachi!. . I usually get the kiki's burger and the bao...but today me and my gal pal opted to share the spicy miso burger and the crusty crab.  They were both very good.  The spicy miso was an explosion of creative flavors!  The crusty crab was really good but difficult to eat.  The crab patty mushed out the sides when you took a bite.  It was topped with generous slices of avocado and a mango relish.  yum yum.  The fries are served in a large cone to share.  We got the sweet potato and the truffle fries.  . . I washed it all down with a housemade apple and lychee soda.  A magical fizzy nectar.  . . It is a bit pricey for burgers and fries but not overpriced for the culinary treats you'll get here!  We paid $20 each with tip.. . Bust out of your boring burger bubble and get yourself some asian inspired bachi!
Stopped in on 2011-04-20 for lunch after reading the reviews on Yelp.  Ordered the "Ronin" and the "Kiki" along with "Just Fries".  The burgers were very good - nicely cooked, soft brioche buns, good flavors.  The fries are average, but the pineapple ketchup picks it up.  Service is very good - but the place wasn't busy at the time.  Pricing is a little on the high side.  Overall, it felt like an upscale asian version of Red Robin burgers.  The combinations are intriguing... each element is strong on its own, but the combinations may not always work.  I gave it 4 stars because I was satisfied but not overwhelmed, and it was good.  It is a place that is worth visiting at least once for the experience if you're into trying out a new upscale burger.  Not sure I'd go out of my way to eat here again - I'd really have to be in the mood for this type of fare.
Finally went to try Bachi Burger after the Yelp Olympics event, as the restaurant was not far from ClubSport in Henderson.  And I am really glad that I went, because I didn't really feel like going to check them out after some not really great comments about their food from when they first opened.  But after my first bite into The Crusty Crab burger, I was hooked.  The burger was very flavorful and I thoroughly enjoyed it, although it was not enough to make me feel full and more mushy than crusty. And as far as a crab sandwich goes, it was one of the better ones that I have ever had.. . After that first visit with the Yelp crew, I went back to Bachi Burger for a late night dinner.  The place was relatively empty (weekday around 10pm) compared to a bustling Friday night, so I was seated quickly and was able to place my order shortly after I sat down.  This time I ordered the Bachi Fish, as that was the other recommendation from Nelson Q and other Yelpers, and the recommendation was spot on. I also ordered the Oxtail Chili Fries, which was decent but lacking in the oxtail department and at $10, not really worth the money.  I would rather spend that on another burger!  . . Service was pretty good on my first visit, when they were so busy that they were not able to seat us until enough patrons left for them to combine some tables to seat our large party.  But on my second visit, service started out good but kind of went down hill after that.  I didn't like how it took much longer than expected to get the food out (almost 20 minutes on a slow night), and after dropping off the check that I have requested my server basically ignored me.  I guess chatting with coworker and folding napkins or whatever he was doing at the side station, was more important than processing payment from the credit card I had intended to use or make change.  In the end I just paid cash and walked out the door, and of course that was when they had that startled look in their eyes, as if wondering if I am skipping town without settling my tab.  . . I am not sure if that is what people have complained about when they have less than positive comments about the service here. And I just don't understand why servers do what they need to do to provide good service, than can't finish strong and take/process the payment from the customer that are trying to pay. It is not like they work at a debt collection agency and have to cold call people on a list, and hating the negativity of their job that they procrastinate.. . Food: 4 stars. . Service: 1 - 4 stars. Seems like it is better when you have a large group or when it is busy, but really sucks when they are slow or you ended up with a crappy waiter.. . Anyway, still giving Bachi Burger 4 stars for the food.  But if I go back alone, I rather just have it to go and not deal with this issue again and leaving tip when I really don't feel like leaving any. And I would not recommend The Oxtail Chili Fries, even though it is served with sunny side up egg on top (and I love that!), unless it costs less or there are more oxtail.
As the flavors of my Green and Blue burger flavors burst into my mouth I secretly thought this was most definitely the best burger I have eaten. But, I should clarify that this isn't the best burger-tasting burger. It's just an amazing cornucopia of flavors that all seem to come together as one to create a complete sense of food satisfaction.. . The Green and Black burger was made with grass fed beef and topped with bacon, blue cheese, mushrooms and spinach I believe. As I said before it was simply awesome. We also shared an order of Parmesan Truffle fries and the pickle appetizer. The pickle sample was really good - only one was hot and the pickled garlic was one of the most interesting on the plate.. . Besides food, Bachi Burger makes some really interesting drinks like the strawberry jasmine lemonade I had with my dinner. The atmosphere is quite simple, almost the opposite of the complexity of the burgers. And if I lived in the area I would definitely come back again and again to try everything from the "Banh-Mi" Burger to the Crusty Crab.
This place is basically an asian spin on burgers. The service and food is great, but the burgers take a LONG time to make. I recommend ordering the Ox Tail Chili Fries to start off and eat while you wait for your burger.. . Also a good snack are the sausages or the shrimp chips.. . As for the burger, we have tried them all. Our two favorites are the vietnamese Banh-Mi inspired one and the Ronin japanese inspired one. The rest are good, but these were the best (and that includes the foie gras burger).. . Solid place, great flavor, good prices.  Just be patient waiting for your delicious burger.
This was one of my favorite meals while I was in Vegas last week.  I cannot forget Bachi Burger.. . I usually eat Asian food 95% of the time.  Until I went out to Vegas.  Coming from San Diego, I'm used to eating some pretty darn good Asian food which I haven't been able to find around the Strip.  I was talking to my cousin and he suggested I tried Bachi Burger.  He said that they had some pretty good Asian inspired burgers.  Hmm.  Asian fusion burgers.  Sounded interesting enough for me to drive there from center strip area.. . Ok, now this place isn't close to the strip but its definitely worth it.  We came here on a week night at around 6pm.  I had the Ronin burger and my GF, the Kalbi burger.  I was impressed as soon as I saw my burger.  Wow, this thing was a mini-monster.  I loved my Ronin burger.  The Kalbi burger was pretty good too but the Ronin was definitely a winner.  Oh and the parmesan truffle fries... awesome!  I wish they came in a larger size.  4 bucks is a lot to spend on fries but the taste was bangin.. . I wish they opened a Bachi Burger here in San Diego.  I'd be a regular customer, no doubt.. . note.  Weekday late afternoon traffic on LV blvd past the airport is a ______ !!!
This off-the strip burger joint is a hidden gem for those visiting Vegas.  I came here based on a few of my friends' recommendation and rave reviews of this place and I was not disappointed.. . We were seated within 5 minutes during lunchtime.  Our group of 5 we got:  Bachi Burger (wagyu), Kiki Burger, Duck Bao, Short Rib Bao, and the oxtail chili fries.. . I pretty much liked everything I ate.  The oxtail chili had lots of beans in it, which some of my friends didn't like as much, but I thought they were fine.. . I think the burgers are better than the bao's though, so stick to those.  The parmesean truffle fries are good, but not spectacular, I've had better truffle fries.. . The pricing is just right, everything is in the 7-12 dollars range or so, so pretty cheap for the delicious food.. . Highly recommended place to check out to or leaving vegas!
Stopped at Bachi Burger on my recent trip to Vegas. I first heard about Bachi Burger several months ago when one of my friends, who lives in Vegas, suggested we eat at Bachi. However, we were unable to go and for the last 4 months I have been anticipating my return to Vegas. . . Service:The Service at Bachi was very good. They waitress was very attentive. We were also promptly seated without reservations. We had a party of 5 and we were seated with 10 minutes.. . Food: The food was very good. We tried the following:. . Truffle Parmesan Fries-- The fries were good. The Parmesan flavor was pronounced, but the truffle flavor was a little lacking. I think I was expecting fries cooked in truffle oil. Instead a truffle sauce was drizzled on top. . . BBQ Bachi Burger with American Wagyu -- The Wagyu Burger was great. I loved the meat and the slight sweetness to the glaze on the burger. I also added some gruyere cheese. This is a great burger!. . Pecking Duck Steamed Buns and Short Rib Steam Buns -- The steam buns were good, but I think I'd stick with the burgers if I were to return to Bachi Burger. I come from the Alhambra/Monterey Park area of California, and there is a huge abundance of Asian Restaurants there. So it's difficult to beat the Pecking Duck Stem Buns found back at home.. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries with Fied Egg-- The Oxtail Chili Cheese fries were awesome. I love these. It's not goo for my diet but it is delicious. These were fries topped with meaty Oxtail Chili, fresh jalapenos, cilantro, cheese, and a fried egg. It was wonderful. The only thing I would change would be to have a bean less chili. I usually do not like beans in my chili, especially when served on top of fries.. . Bachi Burger is a great Burger joint in the Las Vegas Area. It is off the strip slightly South. If you are in the Vegas area I suggest you stop and try it. If you are coming from Los Angeles it easy to stop either on your way into Vegas or on the way home. Love it!
First of all, the 4 stars are for food.  Service is one and half stars.  Very slow service, I think it was the waitress maybe forgetting to put in our order?  Several other tables that arrived after the two of us, got their burgers before we did.  Tried flagging the waitress down but she seemed to be avoiding eye contact.  . Ronin burger was good, sauce was a bit sweet but creative combination.. BF had the Black and green burger, he thought the blue cheese dominated the burger but I liked it.  Loved the buns, soft and light.  Ordered the truffle parmesan fries and garlic salt and pepper fries, loved them both.  Great menu, will be back to try the other burgers.
My fifth time here. I finally weened my way from the Kiki burger and had the Spicy Miso burger. Both are delish. Added some truffle fries to the mix and a Green Milk Tea and I was set.. Next time; the Ronin and sweet potato fries!
I have been meaning to give this place a try since reading all the good reviews. I was not disappointed.The burgers were very fresh and inviting. I had the Ronin burger and my wife had the Kiki's burger. We also had the truffle parmesan fries which were quite good. My wife wasn't as impressed as I was. She didn't really like the taste of her burger, maybe she is too used to the American burger taste. But I absolutely loved my burger. It was moist and juicy and the bun was very good. The service was friendly and because it was our first time there, we even got a bowl of shrimp chips on the house. But we were too full to thoroughly enjoy it. They have quite a few other burgers that I am interested in trying. Next time.....
This place was recommended to me by a friend who I consider a tough nut to crack in the eating out department. In fact this is the only place I recall him ever raving about so I knew it was a must try. Then noticed all the yelp positivity  too.. . Nursing a buffet hangover from the previous day, I skipped breakfast and lunch that day and by 4pm I was starving. My parents bogued out on me (I really wanted to take them here) so I ended up coming on my own.  Showing up at an odd hour was probably a good thing since I imagined they would get busy during prime time.. . Despite being in a nondescript looking strip mall, the interior was spiffy and I was immediately greeted by a couple of the employees. Service was great as I was attended to right away and this continued throughout the meal.. . I went with the oft mentioned Ronin Burger ($9), with the Truffle Parmesan fries ($4) and a beer ($5).  The Ronin was great, the meat cooked just right. The beast hung together well enough, even with the BBQ sauce threatening to rend the bun apart. For me it was substantial enough of a portion. I would have liked more slaw and less BBQ sauce for a better balance but that's a quibble...I really liked it. The fries I thought were a little overrated, as salt overwhelmed the other flavors. The portion was hefty.. . This place has it going tho...I'll definitely come back! It was the best meal of my little vegas trip.
The black and green burger was awesome and the Parmesan fries were great , too!  On the down side, the no meat burger did not work.  It was kind of dry and pasty, and the flavor combination was unsuccessful.  All told, it was a great first visit to a place that's a bit out of the Vegas ordinary and I look forward to coming back.
4.5 stars. If I didn't eat at Holsteins a couple days prior, I would probably give Bachi Burger 5 stars. But in a head to head competition between Holsteins' Rising Sun burger and BB's Ronin burger, I'd have to give the edge to the Rising Sun... but not by much.. . The Ronin burger ($9 - caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ, sweet bun, yuzu citrus aioli on the side) wasn't as sweet as I was expecting, which let the savoriness of the beef shine. The other star was the onions, which provided most of the sweetness I tasted, along with the dressing and BBQ sauce. It's a messy burger after biting into the egg so prepare to use a few napkins. Even with all the ingredients it was a compact burger that held up well after each bite. There were no issues with stuff sliding out the back and falling apart, as can be the case with other burgers with a million ingredients.. . One area where Bachi Burger beats Holsteins is with their fries. They're excellent and highly addictive. Truffle parmesan fries ($4) topped with parmesan reggiano, black truffle, chives, a light gravy drizzled on top and a side of sun dried tomato aioli.. . They also have an interesting array of non-alcoholic drinks. The jasmine strawberry lemonade ($3.75) I tried was like 3/4 lemonade and 1/4 strawberry slushy on top. Not only was it a great looking drink, the light floral flavor mixed with fruit was incredibly refreshing.. . I should have ended the meal there. Instead I ordered one of their specials... an ice cream sandwich ($4) - vanilla ice cream and house-made whipped cream between two chocolate cookies. The cookie was soft, but not soft enough. When I tried to cut into it all the ice cream and whipped cream came shooting out the back. The cookie tasted decent enough, but as a whole the dessert wasn't in the same ballpark as the rest of the meal.. . Despite that dessert, this place is highly recommended. It's a great bargain when you consider going to a similar (or inferior) burger joint on the Strip will cost you an extra $10-15 more per person.
Several of my friends come here often and always checked in on facebook so I decided to give it a try. Their burger was pretty good and we got this pickled combination dish, man, who would have though pickled garlic can be this good!? LOL.. . But anyways, it's definitely a place where I will go back to :).
Loved the Kalbi burger! I would pass on the Chili Fried Chicken.
When we went there, there was no wait line... I think it was on Wed around 3pm? There were only 4 groups of people and the atmosphere was quite chill. I see some people complaining about the customer services, but I thought they were pretty pleasant. It did take quite some times before our food arrived, but they say good things happen to those who wait. . . I ordered short rib seamed bun, and my bf ordered spicy miso. We were both happy with the food we've got; just, I thought my steamed bun tasted much better with miso sauce instead of yuzu horse radish aioli. We also ordered Truffle Parmesan Fries which was interesting and creative. It was our first time, and this place has a big menu, so I'm definitely coming back.
We went here for a late Sunday afternoon lunch - no wait.  Waitress was very nice.  I had the Ronin Burger and it was delicious.  My husband had the Korean BBQ Steam bum which was good too.  My kids enjoyed sweet potatoes fries and chicken karage.  My favorite was definitely the Ronin Burger, so tasty!  We will definitely come back again!
This place is worth going back to, good food and nice atmostphere. . the food:. I had Lychee boba, crusty crab, and banh mi burger. lychee boba, wasnt all that special, kind of pricy for boba, but i mean it was a sit down restaurant, and i dont think i ever saw this before so it was worth trying, tasty, but pricy. . the crusty crab, first of all i remember the smell being super crabby. it was not the delicious kind of smell, but it was a good tasting burger. kind of like a huge crab cake on a burger bun. not too greasy, but the sauces on this thing was memorable. . the banh mi burger, yes this was some good stuff. this is something i always wanted, hamburger meat on a baguette with the fun little side pickled vegetables. delicious!. this is a good place to experiment your eating. . the restaurant:. it was not too fancy, but very clean! i remember the place being in a weird kind of lot, with other random places, but this place is a nice place to eat at, with lots of random asian like decorations. its to look around when your waitng for your food. clean bathrooms and all.. . the service:. the service wasn't above and beyond but good, i remember the food coming out at different times, which doesnt sit well with me but it is a relatively small restaurant, so iguess they do their best. the people are very kind, and helpful when picking out random goodies on the menu. . . all in all this is a very nice place to eat at.
Bachi Burger is a wonderful marriage of two things I really like, Asian food and burgers.  I had the BanhMi burger and really enjoyed the Vietnamese flair.  It was like they combined pork egg rolls and a burger in one meal.  They feature a decent selection of beers and the fries are rather fun and tasty.. . What keeps me from giving Bachi Burger five stars is the crazy layout.  You enter the restaurant from what seems like the back, rather than the door closer to the main road.  This was rather confusing and at first had me thinking the restaurant was closed!
the crab cake sandwhich was yummy and the oxtail fries-which consist of chili, fries, and a fried egg. yumm!!! its all gourmet burgers.. so if you like burgers and want to try something different this is a place to be, and they have a great list of nonalcoholic beverages as well, and its open late
I stumbled on this out of the way gem using the Yelp mobile app, and I feel really lucky. It's good to feel lucky in Vegas.. . I can't give five stars for only one visit, but it was close to a five-star experience. Someone there knows what they're doing, especially with the burgers. These aren't your typical teriyaki cheeseburgers passing off as Asian fast food. . . First, the salt & pepper fries were first rate: thin, crispy, a little spicy (topped with some jalepenos). The fried chicken "kara-age" appetizer was also very good. They know how to fry food and season it to go with your beer. . . The pork belly steamed buns, sort of like sliders with bao-style buns and excellent hoisin dipping sauce, were very tasty. My 7-year-old son gobbled them up. . . I was skeptical about the Banh-mi Burger, but it blew me away. They go to great lengths to capture the essence of the classic Vietnamese sandwich, right down to the pate, herbs, and fantastic nam plah dipping sauce. Dip, bite, chew, smile. Repeat.. . I also tried the Lonely Bird, a blended poultry burger (turkey/chicken) that somehow captures the flavors of "tsukune", the chicken meatballs doused in sweet sauce that you order at Japanese yakitori houses. Again, someone here knows their Asian flavors and makes sure these creations are not just burgers with different special sauces. . . I can't wait to return to try their other menu items.
If you love burgers, you'll love Bachi. Their burger patties are juicy and flavorful. Their menu gives a good variety of burger choices from the cheese burger to Vietnamese Bahn Mi burger. I also loved the Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries topped with a fried egg.  Making my mouth water just thinking about it. Mmmmmmm...
I came here for the first time last week and boy, they definitely live up to the hype! I ordered the Spicy Miso burger and it was cooked to perfection, all of the sauces and ingredients worked together so perfectly! The bf ordered the Banh Mi sandwich and boy, was it satisfying! We ordered a side of Salt and Pepper Fries with Garlic Aioli and they were delicious! We are now fans! I can't wait to return and try out some of the other burgers!
One of the best burgers on the west coast!! We stop by every time we visit Las Vegas. lychee soda is the best and the burgers have an interesting Asian twist to them
Great Asian flavored burgers. I like the Ronin and Kiki best. Very busy so arrive early! Much better prices than other high end burger joints in Vegas.
Great food
Came on a late Saturday evening, April 16, 2011.. . The place looked very hip and sleek, with nice leather couches at the waiting area.  For a Saturday night, when most are out drinking, there was a surprising amount of patrons.. . I won't bore you with a rundown of our orders, but I will mention a few things:. . - Great presentation of fries, go with a group of 4-6 so you can try em all.  Unless you're a fatty.. . - The Vietnamese coffee had a strong hazelnut flavor.  Fail in my book.. . - Your burger choice may be hit or miss... but I'm pretty sure you'll have some interesting flavors to talk about.  I think I'll follow Arvin T's lead and build my own solid and regular burger with their quality ingredients.. . By no means cheap, come here for a bit of a tasting adventure at a chic spot.  Plus its off strip, so you can claim some street cred for bringing an out-of-towner here.
I love this place! It's a unique twist on burgers and fries. Only here can you get a milk tea, Japanese chicken skewers and a burger and have it all be wonderful.
This places doesn't serve the typical boring American burger. Bachi Burger provides so many different types of culturally influenced burgers. I recently moved out here from California, and immediately fell in love with this place. The Ronin Burger is one of the best burgers...and the fries are a must try!
Today was the second time we ate at this place and I'm still a fan. For a Saturday mid-afternoon, it was pretty busy. The place is pretty decent, good for intimate 643-8 people. The servers were really friendly. . I introduced my friends to this place and each one of us got the Ronin burger. Perfect serving size to not overwork the kidneys. Although, I was bummed that when I requested to cook the eggs over-easy, the chef said no. That would have been delish! The yolk oozing out....I know.. weird.  The truffle fries were ok. I know right? Chocolate + fries = hmmm..Something I still need to get used to. Also, try the hot green tea. Will definitely aid with digestion:).. The bf was the only one that ordered the Kiki's burger and he only ate half; he was definitely FULL which is rare. . The first time we ate here, I got the Kalbi burger, which is also yummy but I prefer the Ronin burger. . Oh, and if you crave for this place on a random Saturday night (midnight-ish) come early or ORDER ASAP! When we called last Saturday, they ran out of buns due to high volume! We were pretty disappointed last night and settled for In & Out.
I recently stopped here for lunch with co-workers and the team loved the burgers. In particular, fresh ingredients and the buns were mentioned frequently.  We have other co-workers who give BB rave reviews as well.
Nooooommmmmmers! Bachi Burger is delicious with extra delicious on top. We ordered:.  -The kids meal (of course) which includes a grilled cheese, fries and fruit. . - The Crusty Crab ala Misti Y.'s recommendation, (Pan Roasted Crab Cake, Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Onion, Mango Chutney, Tarragon Remoulade, Butter Glazed Sweet Bread Bun). . - The Kalbi burger (Ground Beef, Pork, Soy, Garlic, Ginger, Chili Paste, Green Onions, Ciabatta Bun, Kim Chee, Ko Chu Jang Mayo). - The Pork Belly Steamed Buns. - Portuguese Donuts, Vietnamese Cinnamon, Coffee Gelato      . - Iced Passion Milk Tea with Boba. . Everything was equally mindbogglingly delicious. My fav was definitely the Steamed Buns and Passion Milk Tea. The Boba was a little mushy, but the tea was outstanding. The Crusty Crab was the best crab cake creation I have ever had. Mr. R adored his Kalbi Burger. The Portuguese Donuts melted in my mouth and the coffee gelato took the dessert to another level altogether. I will return just as quickly as I can return to Vegas. . . The only reason they are not getting 5 stars is the shotty service. Our server was fantastic, but we hardly saw him. It was extremely busy, but most of the servers were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. They were literally bumping into each other. The manager came over to our table at the end of the meal and apologized for the bad service, she said she felt bad and that they are working on it. I will update my review after another visit.
I remember all the hype surrounding Bachi Burger prior to its open last year, and when I tried it myself, I understood why. After leaving for school, I had a list of places I had to go to at least once before I left again - one of which was Bachi Burger.. . My friends' never having been was the perfect excuse to go. Badgering them at eleven in the morning, my friends were dismayed at the fact that the burgers and fries were separate. Regardless, we ordered the Parmesan Truffle fries as well as the Sweet Potato. The former are always a good standby with the sundried tomato aioli on the side. The latter were delicious on their own, but the Yuzu citrus aioli didn't mesh as well. . . My three friends ordered the Kiki burger after asking for my suggestion while I ordered the Crusty Crab protein style. I've never had an issue with long waits for food like other reviewers have. The food came out quickly, and we began devouring. My friends loved the bun, but one of them complained that the flavor of the burger only hit midway through. My "burger" was a crab cake atop lettuce, tomato, avocado and onion, garnished with a Tarragon Remoulade and mango chutney. It was tasty, a bit on the salty side. Yet, it was a disaster to eat. It fell apart after a bite, and attempting to get all of the accoutrements in one bite proved a challenge.. . As for service, one of my friends commented that shefelt the need to beat them down in the nicest way possible. Our waters were constantly refilled without the need to pull out the "I'm dying of thirst" look at the staff. Our plates were cleared out before we could react. It was definitely the epitome of attentive. . . Overall, good food and service makes for a happy Diana. The only thing stopping me from driving the one minute in between my house and Bachi Burger is my conscious. Thank God for that.
Step up your service here! I was here on Sunday night. I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. My friends have told me nothing but good things about the food. When I arrived there was a big table open and no one bothered to greet or seat us. Our party was hungry and quicky became irritatted. They finally sat us. I think they apologized to us at least 15 times that evening. We ordered our food right when we got seated. Our food took forever and a day to come out. Our drinks took forever to get refilled. This dinner was tiring. The food was good but the service was junk.. If they gave us some complimentary dessert or drinks that would've been nice. . . I had the Ronin burger with bacon. The truffle fries. and milk tea boba. The burger was cooked medium rare and really juicy. It was a little too sweet for my liking. The fries were really good and the sun dried tomato dipping sauce was really good. The milk tea was average and the boba overly chewy. I can't come back and eat at a place with service this bad. . My friend got the Kiki burger and that was really good. Spicy mayo dipping sauce made it even better. Please fix your service here.
Ok, let's see what the hype is all about!  I had been hearing so much about this place for a long time.  We decided to check it out.  I had to see what all the yelps were saying and what I could gather is that the wait is pretty long to sit down.  I figured that I heard so many good things about the burgers so it was worth the chance of a wait.  You walk into the the narrow restaurant find some big comfy couches in the front.  I thought, great there has to be a wait if they have these couches.  So we put our name and sat down with my 2 year old grabing Las Vegas Weekly and Seven magazines and piling them on the couch.  We didn't really wait that long and were seated pretty fast.  . We sat down and now the next hurdle.  What do we order?  I didn't know where to begin. I scanned the menu and the only word that stuck out was "Kimchi."  I had to order the Kimchi burger.  My wife ordered a regular angus burger.  We ordered fries with the variety of fries.  I think we got my daughter a grilled cheese.  . when the food came it was awesome.  The burger had many flavors.  Try to go early if have a large group because when we were eating a large group was waiting for some time.  Bachi burger is in its own class.  I recommend! Cheers!
Burgers re-imagined in the style of popular Asian comfort food...fusion disaster or synergistic food nirvana?  That was the question I sought to answer when I stepped into this southeastern joint with my sister visiting from out of town and two other friends.  . . Beginning with an appetizer: . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries "garnished" with a sunny side up egg...let that concept wrinkle your brain for a minute,. . Portion is definitely worthy of sharing with 4.   Shaq would have better luck winning a game of Jenga than my attempting to eat this with one's hands without making a hot mess.   Armed with forks, we broke the egg all across the beautiful pastiche of crisp golden fries, hearty oxtail chili, and luscious gooey cheese that harmonized in a beautiful symphony of texture and flavor.  . . The hardest part was deciding on burgers, so we each agreed to order a distinct burger and cut them into quarters for all to sample.  Although the waiter suggested we order them medium, I think we chose wisely with medium rare.. . Burger #1 The Ronin. . In the movie Ronin, when DeNiro's character is asked about how he avoids an ambush, he replies "Whenever there is any doubt, there is no doubt."  When I glanced at the description and read the reviews of my trusty Yelpers on what appears to be the gold standard of the Bachi Burgers, I had no doubts this one was going to be a winner.  Perfectly cooked patty topped with some nuttiness from miso-goma dressing, tanginess from Katsu bbq sauce, crunch from the Japanese slaw, binded together with the runny yolk of a fried egg and then slathered with a citrus-yuzu aioli, if you haven't started drooling on your keyboard, perhaps you need to get your salivary glands checked out.. . Burger #2 The Kalbi Burger. . Somewhat of a misnormer since they use ground beef and pork rather than the marbly beef short rib from which its name sake is inspired, but nonetheless well executed.  Along with a korean-inspired mayo, green onions, and a healthy punch of kimchee, the flavor profile is great although I would have preferred a stronger spice component with hotter chili paste.  Nice touch with a banchan accompaniment of spicy korean pickles.. . Burger #3 "The Crusty Crab's replacement". . Can't recall the name of this one since it was one of the specials and is supposed to be the replacement for The Crusty Crab, which was essentially a crabcake sandwich, but this one is like a Steak Oscar between two pieces of bread so I'll temporarily call it the Krabby patty, in honor of Spongebob Squarepants.  Beef patty topped with crab, scallop, a fried egg, and some crispy vegetable component that has slipped my mind, Plankton would gladly hatch a scheme to serve this burger to compete with the Krusty Krabs.   . . Burger #4 Spicy Miso Burger. . Highlights include Angus beef, roasted garlic, apple vinaigrette (side note: totally would have missed this word in a spelling bee because of that sneaky extra i), and shishito peppers.  This one was like the cute girl next door standing alongside the other three supermodels of burgers.  Nothing to complain about, but not much of a revelation either.  The finely shredded lettuce has a propensity to lose its crunch amongst the liquid components without providing any added flavors like a spicy arugula.  Don't be intimidated by the name, as shishito peppers are not considered anywhere close to spicy as its other Asian cousins in Chinese or Thai cuisine...not really sure if I could even make it out, which probably relates to the final point: the apple vinaigrette overpowers the other mild components so that you don't get the popping off of distinct flavors as in the other burgers.. . In summary, the patties were well seasoned and sufficiently moist, the brioche-like bun is probably personal preference since it is soft and heavy as opposed to light and toasty (reminds me of the baked pork buns at dim sum), although I would have to say the Ronin comes closest to living up to Barney Stinson's highest compliment for any budding burger connoisseur:  "I love this burger so much I wanna sew my ass shut!"
Awesome food.  A different flair on the average burger, and what a tasty flair it is!  The service left something to be desired. Friendly, but almost non-existent.  But the food is worth dealing with it.  Will definitely be back!
I love a good burger. Now, throw in an Asian twist to that and you may have just found perfection (two of my favorites in one?!) I felt like I was destined for food like this.. . This place luckily makes up what they lack in service (service was mediocre, if that) with their food. The burger quality is excellent and the Hawaiian bun they serve them on is a nice touch. I had Kiki's burger, which is an Angus burger, sauteed shiitake, enoki and eryngi mushrooms, bacon, gruyere cheese and a sweet onion marmalade. I loved everything about this burger. It was juicy, tasty, and the flavors were very well balanced aka MOUTHGASM. I also had the truffle Parmesan fries. Yum yum yum!. . I would definitely suggest trying a burger off of their "specialty burger menu", rather than building your own -- because you can do that at any burger joint.. . I'm hoping when I decide to return that the service experience will be a little better, but I'm not really here to rate service, just food. There were other menu options I saw that would definitely warrant a return visit.
Kiki Burger is one of my favorite burgers of all. sweet and very tasty, with added caramelize bacon and mushrooms. Orgasm in my mouth every time I order it, one of my go to spots when I have friends from out of town visiting. . . My boyfriend and I believe their truffle fries to be one of the best we've had in Vegas so far. thin sliced, crispy and comes with a delicious sauce.. . Boyfriends favorite is the Banh Mi Burger. I am not so much a fan, but he really enjoys this one due to the pickle carrots and dipping sauce that comes with it. I actually prefer the original Banh Mi hoagy because that's what I'm use to eating. not transformed into a burger.. . However, Customer service has its ups and downs. One day their super nice and friendly, the next day they are horrible. For example, one time they obliviously walked away from our table when we didn't finish ordering our food, another occasion offering almost zero servicing to us. one time we had a guy who carried a face expression as if he hated his life. . . Nonetheless, that never stops me from coming here cause their food is good !
The food has a wonderful  blending of flavors.  Craig was our server and he was very attentive.  My husband has allergies and the kitchen was very careful on the ingredients in each dish.  It is  more than we normally pay for burgers - but these are gourmet, a real treat.  We would definitely come back.
Taking the Hamburger, but giving it an Asian twist -- I like it.. . I've been here a few times, and have never left disappointed. If you're looking for a different spin on an asian burger, then Bachi is the place you want to be at.. . I've eaten the Ronin and the Kiki, and they're both unique in their own right.. . But what good is a burger without some fries to finish it off with? With three different types of fries to pick from, you can't make the wrong choice.. . Now, if only the service while waiting to get a table wasn't so shoddy.
So I had to take the boyfriend to try out these burgers (yes, they're that good). I chose a night that we weren't starving and had some patience--preparing him every step of the way to "expect bad service, honey" and "let's be as patient as possible, honey, it's worth it" and "I hope they're service is better or this is the last time!". Well, the service was MUCH better. Our waiter was attentive, quick and socially equipped. We enjoyed him ALMOST as much as the food. Our burgers were amazing, along with everything else. Happy to write a good update.
Food was good. I don't like burgers but these are kind of like a upgraded fun version of the burger. Host was kind of irritated when we didn't want to sit where she wanted us to sit and told her we would like to be by the window but she was the only Debbie Downer. All the other employees were really nice.  My party ordered all buns pork, duck, short ribs everything tasted fresh.  I would go back, want to get the garlic fries and the ox tail with egg fries next time.
When you think Vegas strip you think good food. Now when you think of a Vegas Strip Mall you can think of Bachi Burger. Located in a strip mall off the beaten path this burger joint does something unique and special with the gourmet burger craze. The beef is Japanese as well as the interesting toppings. It's not cheap but it's also not going to leave you disappointed and still starving. The have different styles of flavored edamame that far exceed the typical steamed and salted you get everywhere else. They also have some great beers to accompany the amazing burgers and a few are from Hitachino Brewery, like the White Nest  Aleand Red Rice Ale. Check out the menu online and I bet, no Vegas pun intended, it will make you want to go.
YUMMM!!! . . What an excellent burger! . I think the bun was what made it most excellent...and the delicious caramelized onions. So sweet, I didn't even add any condiments. . . Oh & their fries are superb as well. Truffle Fries win! The sweet potato were a close second though. . . So many wonderful choices...I wish I lived closer so I could try them all. . I craved it the whole long drive home to LA. I'll HAVE to return. . . ( One gripe: The service wasn't top notch...rather slow and unorganized, but once I started eating, it didn't matter anymore.)
Whenever you hear about "high end" burger joints you always have to wonder what and how they are going to be. Usually I think of In-n-Out or maybe Five Guys for a good burger, but now you can go and get a restaurant style burger for like $10-15. Bachi Burger is a joint like that where they throw the asian flair onto their burger in a fusion manner. I was a bit skeptical when I saw some of the items on the menu but when you try them out the flavor combinations turn out to be very good.. . First we started with the oxtail chili fries - now for me oxtail is one of the best things ever, and when you combine it into a chili and then top it on top of fries with a sunny side up egg, you got a winner. It is definitely enough to share as an appetizer - we did for 4 people - and everyone got a taste of the flavor explosion.. . Now there are way too many burgers to choose from, so our group of 4 decided to pick 4 different burgers so that we could all taste a little of each one.  We sampled the Ronin, Kalbi Burger, Spicy Miso Burger, and the Crab burger. We got all of the burgers medium rare (which is much better than the recommended medium) as the quality of the meat was actually very good. Overall, every burger had its own unique flavor combination and each of them I would have been happy with getting, but I was glad to share and try each one of them out. The Ronin had a japanese flavor to it, the kalbi as its name implies, had kimchi in the burger and actually went very well with the meat. The spicy miso was also very good and as I am a fan of shishito peppers chose this burger - it definitely was not "spicy" as the name implies and could have used something to give it more of a kick. The special burger of the night was the crab burger that added a crabcake on top of the burger which in itself was quite delicious.. . Overall, a very good "high-end" burger restaurant and I would like to go back and try some of their other flavors of burgers.
Love this place! I'm not a huge hamburger fan, but I appreciate a good burger every once in awhile. My first go around here I tried the garlic & chili edamame,  which I now get every visit, and for awhile I kept getting the lonely bird, which is a really good alternative to red meat if you are trying to stay a little health conscious. So I strayed from the bird and got the Kiki burger, wow it's so tasty, the different flavors in combination together give this burger 5 stars. I love french fries so I have to try all the different options, I have to say the sweet potato fries are my favorite and I like to dip them in the pineapple ketchup. I love boba tea so I usually get the milk tea or the taro boba for dessert. . . Only downer about this place is we usually have to wait for a table, they should add some more tables, service has always been good.
It good. I like a lot. Just ate a ronin burger with parm truffle fries on side. Soothes your deep inner yearnings. Stomach is smiling.
I love this place. I would recommend the kiki burger with truffle fries and  extra dipping sauce.
LALALALALOVE this place. Definitely a must-try spot, but it kinda is pricy.  Bomb service, bomb food, bomb drinks, bomb fries , what more can you ask for right ? My favorite is the Kiki's burger, no matter what , i can never get sick of it.  oh and the must-try fries are the peppered fries or something like that. and always ask for extra sauce, cause TRUST ME, you'll never have enough of it (: oh and their specialty sodas are really good, theyre worth the try and the money. definitely recommend to check this place out (:
My only update from before is that the Kiki has toppled the Ronin as my favorite burger!
Bachi, you had me at Oxtail Chili fries.  With Egg.  WHAaaaT!?  . . I read on the menu and find Wagyu Shortrib Baos, yum.  OMG, then come the burger choices.  The following jump out at me:. -  "Banh Mi Burger" (Angus Beef, Pork, Shrimp and Pork Pate) . -  the Kalbi burger (Angus beef, Kalbi Marinade and KimChee). - "Shogun" (Wagyu Beef, Unagi, Foie Gras). . I feel like if I was telling you this review out loud, my voice would be an octave higher.  Even I am a little annoyed by my own high-pitched excitement (lol) and lack of more intelligent words but Its been a while (if ever) when I looked at a menu and I wanted to try 4-5 items equally - so this was how it felt to be happy and confused at the same time!. . In the end I got the Kiki's burger (which was awesome) and I got to try a bite (or two or three) out of everyone's plate from our party of 4.  The duck, pork belly and shortrib baos were delish.  Damn, everything was good.. . For you Vegas visitors, know that this is off the strip - but so well worth the trip!  Will definitely come back.
Pretty cool place. Solid 4 stars, I was hoping it would be a 5 but maybe I need to try another burger next time. . The Boba tea was good, I had the lychee. The fries were packed with flavor. I had the Salt N Pepper and loved the cilantro and jalapeno mixed in. . The burger I tried was the Black and Green. It was pretty good, but I didn't even finish it. It was kind of bland other than the cheese, possibly because it followed some very flavorful fries. . . It will become a regular stop, now that I found it.
Burgers were good and cooked to our liking. It was interesting to try new flavors on a burger. The BBQ burger happens to be the traditional burger (no bbq sauce added). . . Customer service was OK. I had coffee to drink but it tasted as if it were sitting in the pot for hours.
If you want a good, interesting burger in Las Vegas... this is the place.  Good, crispy fries (including sweet potato and oxtail chili!)  The burgers are nuts-- the Bahn Mi and Kalbi burgers are my favorites.  Haven't tried the "wagyu and foie gras" burger yet.. . OK, here comes the maybe-not-so-good stuff.  It's kind of a strip mall feeling.  Because it's in a strip mall.  And... the meat isn't the best burger meat I've ever had.  Kind of tastes frozen... or just CAFO-beefy.  Not bad, but not particularly beefy. They definitely focus on dressing up the average burger meat well.  . . But, they do that.  The burgers are great, and the beer selection's particularly good for Las Vegas, where most places seem hell-bent on serving Lite Beer or Blue Moon and that's all.. . Worth a drive and a bit of a search to find if you're anywhere near there.
Finally tried it after hearing all the hype! Now if it was just food im rating then it would be 6 stars all the way! I dont think it would of mattered what burger you ordered because of our party of six, we all ordered different burgers and each different burger was as flavorful as the next! Pricewise I think is just a bit high to the point that I would only eat here once in a while. Depending on when you go, you might run into some ridiculous wait times which equals to ridiculous service times. When you do sit down, hopefully you took advantage of the your wait time by going over the menu and are ready with your order. So as soon as you sit down, put your order in and I recommend getting appetizers because those dont take as long to make! That is why they didnt get that 5th star from me. I can understand their burgers are made toorder but from the time our order was placed until we got our food was about 30 mins. Our appetizers, (we ordered 3 different types of fries, one being the oxtail fries was bomb!). By the time our burgers showed up, I was literally licking my empty plate of oxtail fries cuz it took so long! Overall, I had a decent experience because we went on a late wednesday night. The 4 out of our group of six have been there at least a couple times and they have told me they waited about 45 mins to an hour just to get seated those times.
This place is awesome..! it never fails when i always come here. very helpful employees, they no what there talking about.. The last burger i had it was called MR.HO's burger consist of angus beef, cilantro, lup cheong, sauteed mushrooms on a taro bun..yuummmyy..!!
I love asian fusion burgers, e.g., Fukuburger.  It actually reminds me of a burger I had on my honeymoon in the Cook Islands -- hello, egg!   . . These are gourmet burgers, so some burgers are slightly more pricey than the average burger at a restaurant.  But it's so worth it!  According to one waitress, the popular burgers tend to be the Ronin burger and Kiki's burger.  I can attest that the Kiki burger is delicious; the ingredients mesh together such that they complement each other (sweet and tangy) and there's no one overwhelming flavor.         . . And the fries -- oh, the fries! The burgers don't come with fries, so you gotta order them separately.  The salt and pepper garlic fries are simply a must try.  The fries are shoestring, with cilantro and jalapenos.  Just a great combination of ingredients that results in french fried goodness! And without the need of excessive drenching in sauce.. . As a tip, the front entrance to the restaurant is NOT the door facing Windmill.  The place is in a strip mall (surprise, surprise), and there's a walkway and door on the Windmill side.  BUT, the entrance is actually on the other side -- facing inside the strip mall.  . . I'm a fan of this place and will definitely return!
Cool burgers, mucho flavor
If your from the Washington DC area and like Ray's Hell Burger you would like this place. Its like an asian fusion burger place. I had the Kiki burger and some parmesean truffle fries. Both were good.
I Recommend: Pork buns! Kimchi burger! Their beers and wine! . . I Con: I wasn't very fond of the Duck buns and the Bahn mi burger because the flavors didn't work for me. I feel that duck needs to be cooked perfectly or else it has a strong flavor that lingers in an unwelcoming way. The Bahn mi burger didn't taste anything like bahn mi and didn't represent the Vietnamese cuisine as well.. . Overall, this burger joint is a must eat in Vegas!
Really good food. Great service. I think I'll try something else next time, but the Kiki was really good.
Again a solid meal last nite. Me and my date ordered the pickled veggies, salt & pepper fries, truffle fries, Kiki and Mr. Ho. She loved the Kiki and truffle fries, but wasn't used to the medium rare flavor of beef-pork patty in the Mr. Ho. Service was attentive.
Wow!  That pretty much summed it up!  Kiki burger, steamed pork belly and fries topped with a mushroom puree....all were wonderful!. . I will definitely be back!
this place is great!. . Stick with the burgers.  We tried the sausage plate and hot dog and neither were that exciting.. . I love the duck and pork belly baos.  I would have liked to try the short rib one but they told me they took it off the menu.  The Banh mi burger was also very good.. . I would love to give this place 5 starts bu the location is not great for people staying on the Strip--about $20 cab each way from Mandalay, which basically doubles the price of anything on the menu.  5starts is you have your own ride but not worth the cab ride.  . . Please open a location on the Strip!  Please!!
I'm becoming a bit of a regular here, the service and the food are top notch! Try the Ronin or the Spicy Miso Burger.
Was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food with a spin focused on asian influences.  I would definitely return.
I love goin to Bachi Burger. I always get the Ronin burger or kiki burger. My friends and I always go there for lunch or for a gathering. The taste of the burger is juicy and to die for. I mean c'mon, who wouldn't want to try a fried egg on their burger? yum!! :) I also tried their lychee apple soda, it is sweet, refreshing, and delish!!
Japanese take on Burgers.. . Small industrial space in a generic strip mall next to a subway, this place has a very simple design inside. . . Ox tail chili cheese fries were soo good and savory.  It was probably the best chili cheese fries I've ever had.. . I do not eat beef hamburgers, so I had the fish burger, and it was pretty good. The bread was the right sweetness, and everything in the burger complemented well. Also, it was so pretty presentation wise when I got it as well. I  also love how IMPRESSIVELY thin the onion slices were-- it complected the dish perfectly and didn't overpower the burger with the big onion taste.. . Great selection of microbrews, and sake.. . . My friend got the shogun burger (which has wagu beef and foie gras), and he said it was okay. He said the flavor overload was a bit much, and the quality of the foie gras wasn't that good. However, to each to his own. Hey, I don't even eat burgers myself.
The burger is well worth the wait. They have a huge variety of burgers and even some specialty items.. - Kalbi burger - it was ginormous and messy (might be personal issues but whatevs). i liked the kimchi with the burger and wish there was more kimchi. the pickled cucumbers on the side was a nice touch.. too bad they don't give refills like banchan :p. - truffle fries - their aoili was delish and the fries were crispy. - sweet potato fries - crispy fries but i didnt like th dipping sauce too much. . i'll certainly be back to try some other items on a night when i dont have to try to stuff myself into a dress.
A group of girls and I went to this place because someone went here in a past Vegas trip. It's a little ways away from the strip, but the trip was totally worth it. . . It's an Asian take on the traditional burgers and fries, but in a tasteful and gourmet way! Small restaurant in a random plaza, but hey, no long wait. deserves it though, haha. . . We ordered the salt and pepper garlic fries and the truffle Parmesan fries as an appetizer. SO good. he sauces that go with both of them really complement the fries well. the Salt and pepper is definitely my favorite, since it has more spice and kick with the jalapenos and the sauce. Two orders of fries fed 7 girls well, so it's pretty well portioned here.. . While many of my friends got Kiki's burger, and the Ronin, I got the Kalbi burger, mostly because of my love for kimchi. It's extremely tasty and ridiculously filling to the point of 'Oh my I'm TOO full...but it's so good!" Kalbi ground  beef, kimchi, onions, a massive burger roll, and spicy cucumbers on the side. For someone who loves Korean Food, this definitely impressed me. . . This is a pretty random place to go, especially when you surrounded by all this food on the main strip, but check this place out!
So here goes my first review since I moved back to Vegas..... Bachi Burger failed to impress me the first time I was here almost 2 years ago. I was staying with a friend the other day who lived nearby and we decided to go here for a late night dinner.. . I was extremely happy I decided to give this place another try. The food is amazing and the service was excellent. My buddy already went back last night to pick up food to go. I ordered the truffled parmasean garlic fries and the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. My friend ordered the Chili Fried Chicken and Kiki's Burger. No complaints about any of the food. I was surprised at how good the Fried Chicken was. I wasn't a fan of the sauce served with the fries, but not a big deal.. . The reason I don't give them 5 stars just yet is I'm still a bit disappointed in the length of time it takes for the food to come out when there is nobody else in the restaurant. It was much quicker than the first time I went (took 50 minutes then). But I guess good food is worth waiting for. Also, I still think they could improve the atmosphere of the place a bit. It still feels like a strange cross between a fast food joint and a sit down restaurant when they could be so much more. With food that good its a shame they are not busy all the time. Maybe it's the location, maybe its the atmosphere... I'm not sure.. . Anyway, I look forward to going back to try more delicious burgers! Hopefully I can bump this up to 5 stars in the future. Another plus was that the manager had reached out tome and apologized for my poor experience the first time around. That was probably the main reason I gave them a second chance.
There's a burger fever going around Vegas but this is one spot that beats most of them. Bachi burger doesn't have the best vegetarian burger but overall their selection of creative burgers are amazing. If you don't eat meat like myself, i would try the fish burger and the crab cake burger.  The fish burger is mouth watering with naturally buttery cod and the crab cake is full of flavor and leaves you full. All the fries are amazing with the not so normal ponzu cream sauce that gives a kick in ur mouth. I love the sweet potato fries. The only downside of this place is their dessert menu... not a big fan, i think it needs major improvement. nothing cool to mention here. But overall with the burgers are good enough to make you want to come back!
One of the best burgers you will find in Vegas, but still not my favorite overall.. . The prices are what you would expect for "gormet" burgers, and is within reason. . . I always order my $$ burgers medium rare...but mine came out medium well.  No pink at all on the insides, but still had some juice so it wasn't a complete waste.  Not the way I wanted to enjoy my Waygu....Seemed like everyone else's burger came out right or a little undercooked...not very consistant chefs I guess.   The Miyagi burger was good, just was a little disapointed with the overcooking, but I was too hungry to turn it away.. . I would definitely recommend the oxtail fries, but make sure you share, since the portion is huge!This was the highlight of the night for me.. . I also ordered truffle fries, but I guess I am not a big truffle fan...these didn't do much for me.  Good, but maybe I was hyping them up too much...you'll probably enjoy them if you are a fan.. . Too bad it is the complete opposite side of town for me, otherwise I would be back again!
This place is home to my new favorite off-strip hamburger in Las Vegas. My husband and I both had the Miyagi-san. He added cheese (Gruyere) to his but I left mine as-is and no additions were necessary. The meat was so flavorful and delicious and the toppings worked together perfectly- the furikake is an awesome touch. The truffle parmesan fries were also crazily delicious; service was friendly and prompt. I can't wait to go back!
Bachi Burger is a little drive from the strip, head towards Henderson. It's not too far but if you don't have a car or don't like to drive out of Vegas, then you're potentially missing out on an awesome meal. Even though this restaurant is away from all the city lights and sounds, it's still pretty well known as it should be. It seemed like a good amount of their customers were locals. Random out of towners like us would pop up probably either by word of mouth or Yelp of course. We arrived around 1-2 pm and had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. The interior is clean, nothing fancy, simple designs and decorations, but the food is another story.. . Service was quite on point. Our waitress was cheery but not overly fake-friendly. She returned numerous of times to check up on us and to make sure our drinks never dipped below half way. Even the manager(s) swung by to ask how everything was. All that was missing was for the chef to come out and greet us which I didn't expect would happen anyways. . . Bachi Burger seems like they're a mix combination of Japanese and Korean entwined with a fusion/gourmet twist. I saw both cultures' ingredients on the menu. To start we ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries - with garlic aioli and a fried egg ($11.50). If you haven't figured it out by now, we Asians love to put a fried egg on everything: rice, noodles, burgers, and apparently now chili cheese fries. Forget house fries; order yourself one of these bad boys. You can easily share it between four people but if you're like the Craig R. who orders EIGHT items for two people, then this may not be sufficient. Check what he ordered in his review. The colossal mix was addicting and the skinny fries are a perfect blend. Then again, I'm biased against fat fries. When the server attempted to take the dish away to make room for our main entrees, I caught myself snarling at her because I wanted to eat the remaining four pieces. . . I was seriously stuck in between two places when it came to ordering my burger. Either Kiki's Burger ($9.5) - Angus beef, sauteed shiitake, enoki & eryngi mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili aioli (doesn't it all sound heavenly) or the Kalbi Burger ($9) - Angus beef, kalbi marinade, green onions, house made kimchi, ko chu jang mayo. The Kalbi Burger won this time, only because Gooch who recommended this place to me told me to try it. Although I have full confidence in the Kiki's Burger, my Kalbi Burger was instant gratification. The mixed blend of Angus and kalbi sauce with the kimchi made me feel like I was eating at a Korean BBQ joint. To knock it out of the park for a grand slam, they should've or maybe I should've asked for them to throw a fried egg in it even though that might have be a little over kill. You can't go wrong with this burger. However, if I was to return I'd like to try Kiki's Burger to compare the two.. . I got to sample the Spicy Miso Burger and all I have to say about that is that it's not spicy at all. Also, my Kalbi Burger already had the knock out 1-2 punch so it would be unfair to say that this miso burger was mediocre. At that point, I was already mesmerized with my order.. . If you have a car or willing to travel a little out of the Strip, then venture off to Bachi Burger for an appetizing meal. They do close late on the weekends: 2 am, so you have plenty of time to plan your visit. The prices are reasonable, the food is sick (& great presentation), and the service is superb.. . Good looking out Gooch Y. for recommending this spot!
Always enjoy my meal every time I come here and always leave stuffed!. . Tonight we ordered the Ronin burger (..we enjoyed this from our last visit), spicy miso burger (..took a risk with this order and paid off!), and shared salt & pepper fries.. . Not that we didn't like the ronin burger this time around, but we were extremely surprised & very much enjoyed the spicy miso burger much more!. . We were expecting a wait tonight, as this was the case last time around, but we got seated right away. (Maybe cuz it's nascar weekend..?) Servers were friendly & attentive - always refilled our drinks before asking. . . We are looking forward to our next visit and ordering the spicy miso again & trying a new burger next time around :)
Burger with a twist? It's here!. A great beef patty with unique toppings of flavor!. . Went with my family - seated right away.. host came by and explained items on the menu. This was our 2nd time and we enjoyed the first. . . Husband went with host recommendation of the Kiki burger - lots of toppings including carmelized bacon and gruyere cheese... nuf said. . I tried the Kalbi burger. kim chee was great, however they were a little heavy handed on the kalbi marinade which truly overpowered the other tastes. It did have a side of bachi pickles which were delicious. . . Truffle fries are an explosion of flavor in your mouth... crisp potato fry with parmesan cheese and truffle cream... they're addicitng. . Don't pass on their sweet potato fries, dusted in just the right amount of sea salt. All fries are served with creative sauces.. however you can eat them plain and be happy..  . Wanted to enjoy the food, so we stuck with water. A little pricey for a burger, but then again, you're not going to find another one like it in the valley.
Great new place, and being an out of towner, almost went nuts looking at the menu and the specials. Too many to try on a single visit. First off, the beer selection was varied but not daunting. For fries we got both the Sweet Potato and Truffle Parmesan. Truffle fries were good, almost great, except for the dip, which I thought was a mismatch (flipped the dips, I thought they fit better). We got the Ronin, Kiki and fish burgers. Wiped out. Great burgers. We thought the fish was a tad salty though. I wanted to try the Samurai burger, what with its foi gras, but decided, "next time". Next time also would include trying their Baos. Can't wait for my next Vegas trip.
I had the Ronin Burger, an order of garlic fries, and a drink. . The restaurant is a nice enough dine in establishment with a good selection of drinks.. . I was with a group of friends, we had ordered and ended up waiting a while for our food to arrive (roughly 10 minutes for the fries and 20 minutes for the burgers). It was a long time, but I was with company and it only made me hungrier.. I think part of this was due to a large 10+ person party arriving just before us, so it was probably just bad timing, but still, it was a long time to wait after ordering our food.. . The burgers are expensive, but the size and amount of toppings compensate for it.. I found the Ronin burger to be extremely tasty, but unfortunately due to the sauces, the bun got soggy really quickly, so after half of it I didn't want any more and just picked at the rest of it.. . My friends didn't seem to have the same problem though and they got different ones (my apologies as I don't remember what they ordered).. . Overall 4/5 stars, I'm interested in coming back and trying something different.. If the wait is just as bad without a huge group and a different burger ends up soggy, then I may adjust to 3/5, and if it's not the case, I'll adjust to 5/5 (as those first bites were very tasty).
I miss this place! Used to come here a lot when I lived on windmill.  Can't wait for the one by Village Square to open!  Burgers are delicious def. when you add a fried egg!   Big fan of the garlic fries as well :D
Dined here on a friday night, the wait wasn't long. As a vegetarian I was disappointed that my only option was the No Meat Here..."Burger" but it looked pretty good, so I gave it a go along with a side of fries. When my "burger" came out it was verryyy high and I felt way to overwhelmed to eat it. But I was starving so I cut it in half (which I think if you decide to order this burger just ask them to do it for you, much cleaner) and after just my first bite I was hooked! I was nervous that mushroom patty, eggplant and tofu would be too much but it was the exact opposite. Every item in the burger was a perfect compliment and I loved it! . . Also Bachi Burger has a yelp check in special of buy one beer get one free! The only thing is, its for after 11pm but the incredibly attractive manager was kind enough to give it to me since I was an out of towner. Even our waiter and the serving staff were extremely friendly and made sure we enjoyed our meal. So you have great food & service, don't think about it give it a try!
"What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas . . . . but let me tell you about the best burger ever!" This statement was touted among my San Diego foodie friends after a weekend of debauchery in Nevada's finest city.  Despite the meal not fitting within the parameters of fine dining and there was no full bar; we still decided to venture to Las Vegas to investigate these alleged Angus masterpieces.. . J2 and I flew out to be met by Erik, Greg and Mike.  All part of the carnivorous maximus species, we have an affinity towards our bovine benefactors.  Upon our arrival at 10:00 pm we were completely famished and ready to dine.  Chef Dave and Chef Lauren, formerly Roy's culinary masters, are the brilliance behind the scenes.  The establishment was reminiscent of a Japanese sushi restaurant without the sushi.  Japanese beer, my personal favorite when I drink beer, was on the menu as well as a myriad of others for those who enjoy an ethnic variety.  Table top, Bachi Burger provides a Bamboo Sea Salt, which seems to be a basic fleur de sel with a green tint.  Leaning next to salt was a high octane spice; sliced garlic and chili marinating in water.  The aroma warned your olfactory senses of the possible impending pain that would ensue with over exposure.  Even a generous portion provided a garlic & chili taste that was so bold, the anticipated pain would have been worth it, however, somehow the spicy bite never reared itself to distract from the pureness as designed.    . . Today's appetizers were two flavors of fries.  The Truffle Parmesan Fries had minimal truffle taste, however we did enjoy the texture and very light taste of the Black Truffle Porcini Cream that was drizzled across the top.  With dirty fingers and hands, more napkins had to be ordered.  (It is advised to get extra napkins ahead of time; this meal should become messy and not to be eaten in your Armani Suit.)  Salt & Pepper Garlic fries found their way to the scene, and were more traditional, with the exception of the sauce.  Garlic Chili Aioli?  Nice!  Too much of this Red Matter would definitely melt the planet Vulcan.  Although the creaminess of the aioli was soft and relaxing as silk, the Chili taste soon followed to wake your taste buds and start the party.  Add a few drops of that Garlic Chili water  . . .  now that's a tasty fry.  In retrospect, I happily noted that there was no ketchup, nor did we need it.  I would venture to guess that a ketchup request would not only be bad form but also admitting to a poor palate, so don't embarrass yourself.  . . Perusing the menu, it was obvious why these burgers are so tasty; Wagyu and Angus beef are the chief ingredients.  Although grinding up a perfect Wagyu steak to make a burger struck me as a foodie faux pas, the end result was a mouthful of amazing.  My favorite was the Miyagi San Burger.  Despite it being grass fed, this bovine creation was tender and juicy.  Caramelized bacon and a fried egg provided a palate party platform that held everything together, then a juicy first bite impression of a burger unlike any other that.  A similar taste was found in the Kiki's Burger, as it also had caramelized bacon.  But in this case a thin layer of sweet onion marmalade gave an almost dessert like finish.  A few dips in the provided aioli sauce were the perfect lubricant to pair with this patty.  Combining the thoughts behind those two burgers, I believe they came up with the Ronin burger.  Again the associated unique sauces with the unique ingredients were perfectly paired, in this case Japanese Cole Slaw and Miso Goma with a Yuzu Ailoi.  Very clever, very clever indeed!  . . Going towards the surf/turf part of the menu, shrimp was introduced into The Bahn-Mi Burger among other spices that offered the full flavor of curry and chili spice, again without the bite that one would anticipate after tasting such a powerful piece.  The creativity award goes to the Crusty Crab, pan roasted crab cake with Mango Chutney.  The preparation of the crab cake in itself was impressive.  The propensity to overcook and over bread the crab cake is so cliche.  In this case, minimal breading yet still firm, this crustacean cake was a divine pairing with the mango chutney.  Bravo!. . I extend my compliments to Chef Dave and Chef Lauren with their creativity behind the meaty masterpieces that we devoured.  It would be unfair to juxtapose this establishment against my normal Naomi Wise trained star grading parameters, as those parameters were designed for fine dining establishments.  Suffice it to say, however, in the casual dining arena I have to write 4.5 stars all the way.  . . Date Night Factor:  Messy food advisory!  Great for a casual date, don't plan on impressing your date with the culinary mess that will result.    . . Bang for the Buck Barometer:  Pricey for a burger joint, but well worth it.  Two orders of fries, four beers, five burgers and coke set us back $110 with tip. . . Return to Eat Probability:  Very High
Ever since moving to Vegas around summer of last year, I've been hearing much hype about this particular joint. Does it live up to it? ehhhh kind of. My first visit there back in September of last year killed it for me. We ordered the parmensean garlic fries with tomato aeoli sauce as an app............waited over 35 mins......keep in mind this place was not busy at all...........still no fries....come on now, how long does it take to throw some fries in the fryer? Not only that but our waitress at the time didn't even issue us an apology or anything, she got me at the wrong time cause I was hellllllllla hungry after a hard session at the gym. Burgers were alright, just service couldv'e been better, minus 1 star.. . Decided to give Bachi another try last night, went late night around 11pm with my gf again , WAY BETTER SERVICE!! looks like they have a new staff? Anyway, was greeted and sat down right away by our waitress Melissa, really nice gal. She catered to us right away and was prompt with our orders, I had the parmesean fries again....but got them within 10 mins! superb Melissa! Munched on those while we waited for the Duck Steam Bums....kind of like a chinese taco if you think about it....BOMB.COM!! Our burgers came right after...I got the Miyagi-San Grass fed wagyu burger....a little greasy but worth every gut busting calorie! HECK YEAH!!!! my gf had the....I forgot...it looked a little healthier than mine though lol. WHATEVER, GO BIG OR GO HOME! We were constantly checked up on by Melissa and even a fellow waiter, don't know his name but service meant everything, I know...I'm a supervisor at asian diner. . . Good job on the food and service Bachi Team! the only negative I have to say about the latest trip though, the fries were a little too crunchy/well done for my liking, but whatever, burgers made up for it!. . P.S . . They have the Food Channel playing on their LCD Tv's :) And the music is lounge/Chill, perfect mix.
Might of been the best burger I've ever had. Despite the over use of floral flavors. Some good beer, but a lot of "hip" douche options as well. Waitress was short, but I blame being understaffed. I honestly would eat here anytime, any day, it's amazing.
After a grueling drive from LA to Vegas, my mister and I wanted to grab a satisfying dinner.  We wanted something off the beaten path (not on the Strip), something the locals would frequent...Yelp lead me to Bachi Burger.  . . When we arrived at the restaurant, it was pretty busy at 9PM on a Friday, but there was still a few tables available, so we were seated right away.  . . Looking over the menu, I was impressed.  Their burgers had some asian flare.  I ordered the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger which had Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon ,Crispy Onion Rings. The mister had the Bachi Fish which is Furikake Dusted Pan Seared Alaskan Cod Tartar Sauce, Lettuce, Onion, Tomato Bubu Arare Rice Crackers.  We also had the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries.  I washed it down with a sake cocktail: The "Katsushiro": White Peach, Strawberry Puree, Soda.  It was a yummiest, but I don't think it had a lot of alcohol because I didn't get relaxed from it.   . . My burger was really tasty and very juicy.  I loved the asian inspired flavors.  It was so good I ate the whole think. The bachi fish was good, but it was a bit salty.  The fries were good too.  . . Who knew that Vegas could have this kind of food and it wasn't on the strip.  Very cool.  I would definitely come back.
Um holy crap, these burgers are good!  Honestly there's not much more I can say in regards to this place this isn't summed up in that sentence but I guess I should back up a little bit first.  Being on a rare trip to the Southside of town with my mom, I pulled out my Yelp app (shameless plug) to find out what interesting place was nearby that I wanted to try.  Needless to say we were literally next to Bachi Burger so the decision was made.  . . When we walked in we had to wait a few minutes since there quite a few large parties there that night but once were seated the pace was a bit quicker, although it still took a while for the burgers to come out.  Luckily for us the Assistant Manager was incredibly friendly and made sure we were at least attended well all evening.  . . I ordered a Strawberry Boba Milk Tea while my mom had the Peanut Butter Chocolate Milke Shake.  While I liked my tea, in the end I wished I had gone with the rich milkshake instead.  We also ordered the Truffle Parmesan fries while we waited for our burgers, and their were tasty, but I don't think the combo really meshed for either of us.  Needless to say those went in the doggy bag for my brothers.  . . When it came to the burgers themselves, I tried half of the Spicy Miso Burger and half Kiki's Burger.  The Kiki's Burger is pretty good but I found the sweetness level a little surprising and sort offset the rest of the burger for me.  It was the Spicy Miso Burger that was the real winner to me.  The pepper, the roasted garlic, and the egg all came together in a perfect combination!  Each bite was flavorful and amazing!  Needless to say it will be a conundrum for return trips whether I'll stick with this burger or see what creations they have concocted, but needless to say, I will return.
Excellent! The Shogun Burger and sweet potato fries are amazing. Bachi is a great spin on a burger joint. Try something different every time and you won't be disappointed.
Sangria was awesome!!!!!  It's full of fruit... Great light drink... The sake with the fruit is like a little taste of goodness...
My friend Kevin told me about Bachi Burger when he was last here.  He said it was worth the drive of going all the way to the Southeast part of town.  Got here on a weekday lunch after 1pm and the place was still pretty packed.  I guess these must be the employees of the local companies.  Decor-wise, the place is very minimalist, a few paintings of Japanese theme to set the mood with white walls and standard track lighting.  . . I got the Ronin burger, parmesan fries, and the iced matcha green tea.  From least favorite, the matcha green tea was not sweetened and I didn't really get a strong matcha taste when drinking it.  It just tasted different as the tea I got from formal Japanese restaurants.  As for the Ronin burger, it was polished off...quickly!  The slaw, egg, and the burger really mixed well.  The only thing I wished for was maybe for a crispier bun.  The bun was a fresh, soft, warm bun but if I do come back here, I may ask them to toast my bun if possible.  The parmesan fries were also great!  I didn't even need the ketchup looking sauce that came with.  I did try it and the sauce really didn't help to enhance the flavors of the fries. . . Except for a few things that I nitpick about, I'm ready to sign up to Bachi Burger's fan club.  They have a large beer list but all of them are bottles including Hitachino which has been a favorite of mine lately.  Lastly, the prices are a bit on the pricy side but the quality and the uniqueness of their product is worth it in my opinion.. . Memo to Bachi Burger owners:  any chance of coming out to the SF Bay Area to open a branch?
love this place! im not a burger fan... but i always crave bachi burger!. . love the gourmet fries... sweet potato, or truffle parm fries.. . i've had a few burgers here... kiki burger... and the ronin burger are the most popular.. i think i liked the kiki burger more.. . when i want to spend $30 on a burger, im going to try the foie gras & kobe beef burger.. . i also want to try the banh mi burger.. . the staff is very helpful too with helping you pick your first burger if you've never been before.. . highly recommended!
Burgers, salad, fries, drinks. It is all good here! The strawberry jasmine drink was excellent. Another of my favorites in Vegas that Ill definitely visit again.
Bachi Burger is ruining my life!! Why? Well, it's because I'm so insanely jealousthat it has captivated my boyfriend's heart in a way I never will. . . On our latest  trip I asked my boyfriend what his favorite part of our trip was. To give some background info, we spent a few days in Vegas, a day in Disneyland, and a couple days in beautiful Camarillo. If you had asked me which of these was my favorite part of the trip, I would've answered "dancing with my wonderful boyfriend at a wedding". His answer?! BACHI BURGER!!!. . So apparently, Bachi Burger is better than Disneyland- the happiest place on earth. It is also better than anything we did in Vegas (including winning money). AND it is better than a couple romantic days lounging around with each other.. . Fine, I suppose it's delicious, but sheesh- cut me some slack. It's not like I have a third pound of perfectly grilled wagyu on a house-crafted bun, a specialty sauce, or come with a side of truffle fries. I'm just me. Just human- not godly burger.. . Anyway, the shogun is a $25 burger and it's super tasty and loaded with stuff (unagi, peach, foie gras, etc.) but i'm not sure it's worth the $25. I'd have to try it again to let you know. I really liked what I ordered, the Miso burger, but my boyfriend's Miyagi-san burger was REALLY good. So I guess I can forgive him.
after spending a few weeks abroad, i was dying for a burger.  and this place really hit the spot.  their choices look amazing and i ended up going for the kiki burger, which was both delicious and filling.  . . our waiter was new or something so he was acting all noob, but it's all good.  we also got the duck buns, which i thought would totally give me a boner, but it was kind of dry and not very flavorful.  it was definitely disappointing, but i took the remaining two and brought it home to feed the drunkards at the hotel.  . . so if i come back, which i definitely will given the opportunity, i'm sticking to the burgers!
Really good food. The Organic Edamame Soybeans Stir Fried with Garlic/Ginger/Chili were AMAZING. So were the Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries with Garlic Chili Aioli. I got some with my burger and it was enough to share between 3 people. They have some really good beers here on the menu but the one the waitress suggested they were out of, and the next one she suggested they only had 1 left of. Also we tried to use the Yelp check-in offer which is buy 1 beer get 1 free and apparently you can only use it late at night. They did finally let us use it however since we mentioned it to the waitress when we ordered and she didn't say we couldn't use it until the bill came. I gotThe Crusty Crab and was so excited about it because it was supposed to come with avocado but there wasn't any on it. Same with my friend's. My other friend had The Banh-Mi Burger and she loved it. We were celebrating my birthday and they gave us free Portuguese Doughnuts with Coffee Gelato. I can't wait to go back and try the Kalbi Burger and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. One thing to mention is the Windmill location isn't that big and we had a long wait on a weeknight.
Been here twice so far.  It has become a place to go when I'm in Vegas.  The first time there I had the Miyagi-san.  It's a messy, salty burger with all kinds of stuff - egg, onion rings, bacon.  It is oooh so tasty.. I had the Lonely Bird on my next visit.  That's their poultry burger (as if you couldn't figure that one out).  It's very good as well.. I've tried a few of their different fries as well.  My favorite is their Salt & Pepper Garlic Fries.  I'm glad my server informed me that their are jalapenos in it even though I did not see that listed on their menu.  It made want it even more.  And more I shall have on my next trip to Vegas.
Happened upon the location thanks to some great Yelp reviews.  My girlfriends & I split up a bunch of burgers to taste test.  A couple were too sweet, but the special topped with a quail egg was awesome.  We all agreed.  The fry variations were good.  All very flavorful with fun variety.  We will likely be back for our next Vegas trip.
Good food. all was pretty good, but garlic fries could have been better. mmmm Hot Bunz sound good right now LOL!!!
If you're willing to spend a little extra for a "gourmet" burger this is the place for you. The oxtail fries were a let down. It's fries topped with an oxtail chili. Can hardly taste the oxtail n so little chili. I'd avoid this item. . . The burgers are awesome!! My favorite is either Mr. Ho's or the ronin burger. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! . . Looks like I'm convincing my coworkers to eat here this Friday. Chee hoo!!!
Consistently interesting, and the milkshakes are great. However, be prepared for a wait, subsequent to its Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives appearance. My son and I last tried to visit yesterday afternoon, at about 12:30 p.m. on a Saturday, and were told that it would be about a 35 minute wait.
I had there oxtail fries and I was not a fan you need to like it in order to enjoy it. I also had the pork belly and I was not sure if I did or didn't like them. But everyone tastes bugs are different we also had the kiki burger n that I loved so good. I would come here again when am in town but not get the fries nor the pork belly.
Heard so much about this place, we finally made it.  Yea!  Arrived just after 8 PM on a Friday, and there were groups of people waiting both outside & inside.  The wait was worth it!  I had the pork belly on a steamed bun and ho-ly crap it was good!  Pork belly had great texture and rich flavors that were complimented by the warm, sweet steamed bun.  Our group shared an appetizer of the chili oxtail fries - huge order definitely for sharing.  My brother-in-law loved the Bachi fish!. . Couple of bummers:  problem with the air conditioning - it was quite warm and uncomfortable - and when my wine was presented it was warm.  Others in my group ordered beer, and although it was cold it wasn't as cold as it should've been.  When I requested the wine be taken back and removed from the bill (I only had one small sip), I was told it wasn't possible to remove something from the bill once it's been added.  Huh?  Our waitress, Christy, was attentive and pleasant and offered a free ice tea while the wine was chilling in the refrigerator.  I appreciated the attempt to rectify, but am not pleased with the policy.. . In the end, this was not a deal breaker and the quality of the food is great!  Hopefully the issue with the air conditioning will be fixed soon, and the beverages will be served at proper temp.  If that happens...  definitely 5 stars!
Wow. I'm so glad I saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It is delicious! The burgers are piled high with really quality ingredients, but be prepared to wait. Ever since this place has been on tv, people flock to it. Also, if you're staying on the LV strip, taking a cab here will cost you about $20.. . We started with the Chili Fried Chicken. It was perfectly fried, without too much excess batter, and the sauce was spicy, salty, and a little sweet. You could definitely taste the garlic. The cabbage that came with our appetizer also gave it some good texture to contrast the relatively soft chicken. Two thumbs up.. . I ordered Kiki's burger, and my fiance ordered the "Banh-Mi" burger with a fried egg on top. When we saw everyone else's burgers come out, we assumed we'd be full after an appetizer and a burger. We were right. Anyway, the Kiki's burger melted in my mouth, and I really enjoyed a new take on a bacon-mushroom cheesburger. My fiance's Banh-Mi burger was so interesting! You could actually taste the shrimp in the patty, which also contained beef and pork. The herbs and pickled vegetables were tasty, but be careful, because the aioli and the sauce together can get very spicy. . . Our waitress was very friendly, as was the young man who refilled our waters. They each said, "please, thank you, yes ma'am, yes sir, etc.," and they were very helpful anytime we had a question about the menu. Overall, a great place to eat.
My ex told me about this place right before I left  and said I have to try it for him lol! It was on the food network and it's off the strip so no one really wanted to take a cab just to eat a burger with me. Luckily on my last day here I found someone who was willing to try it with me. There was a bit of a wait, but it wasn't too bad. We shared the oxtail chili fries and split the Ronin and Banh Mi Burger. Both of them were delicious! I liked how mine came with fish sauce and the patty had beef, pork, shrimp mixed in the patty. Definitely worth the trip so make sure you come here and try it!
Visited this place from a referral from my brother and sister-in-law. It's a solid 4 for the time put into their food.. . The ronin and kiki were flavorful. A bit sweet for my taste buds, but you can taste each ingredient. I thought the meat was cooked perfectly, yet the highlight for me was the garlic and sea salt fries. I love skinny fries and they even sprinkled it with a bit of chopped jalapenos. . . I can see why this place is busy. My only complaint is that it's a little pricey and the food takes time to come out. A good gourmet burger if you're in Vegas.
Great burger and the chili fried chicken is awesome
We came here tired of the usual eat-till-you-hate-yourself buffet that typically characterize Vegas trips but still looking for quality food. And we found Bachi Burger, the epitome of Asian-American fusion. What a gem to find in the middle of Vegas!. . Faves:. - Organic Edamame. I got the garlic truffle ones, which got a little too garlicky after a while, so I'd probably get the normal salted ones next time.. - I ordered the Truffle Parmesan, but I ended up liking my roommate's Sweet Potato Fries more! The serving size is perfect for one person; so if you like your fries as much as I do, do NOT share/split haha. . - Sure, the Ronin Burger is super popular, but I also recommend the Banh-Mi. How creative.. - Vegetarians! Many options for you. Plus, this is probably one of the only places on land that sells a real-life KRUSTY CRAB BURGER! haha. Plankton, eat yo heart out.. . BE SURE to specify if you don't want kimchi on your burgers! It's an acquired taste, and the waiters definitely understand, haha. . . Drinks were surprisingly tasty here! The boba here was probably better than a lot of places back in LA. Get one.. . Only thing that keeps it 4-star: service was mediocre. It took a long time to get seated (despite there being many empty tables), food took along time, and it was hard to get the attention of the servers at times.
One of the best burgers...period! Just had the pork belly bun, amazing! And the oxtail  chili cheese fries are scrumdeliumtious!! The service needs some work. Our server only came to our table 3 times and our water was empty longer than I liked. But overall, awesome!
F@#$% In and Out, this place has the some of the best burgers I've eaten.  The peanut butter milkshake is the "essence of peanut butter", not sure how else to describe it.  Just expect a wait, since this place is not a hidden gem anymore...
Yummmmmm! The shrimp chips are awesome here!! Unique Asian-inspired burgers that are the bomb!!! The buns are so yummy!
Food is really good here!  The truffle fries--amazing!  Would def eat here again!  The alcohol is eh, but the food makes up for that!
Let me just start this review out by saying I love burgers.  Although I enjoy eating salads and tons of veggies I can usually create a reason to go grab a burger at least once a week.  That being said when the opportunity to grab a burger people rave about pops up, I jump on it.  Now I don't want you to get the impression that I'm a burger snob, or a connoisseur of fine burgers.  I just love a great tasting burger that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.. Bachi Burger is that and a little more.  What sets this burger apart from other burger joints is its japaneezy flair. Each burger has a good amount of japanese zing that really differentiates itself from its all American counterparts.  One thing I would like to say is that usually when a restaurant decides to do a fusion/mashup theme there is a tendency to lose the first element in favor of the second.  For example it would be easy for a japanese fusion burger place to lose what makes a burger special so that they can cram in the japanese element.  A lot of times I've tried these fusion places only to find that they are only blending things together to be hip and cool not for flavor reasons.  I'm glad to say that when you bite into a Bachi Burger the japanese element is not overdone and you still get what makes a good burger a good burger.  . I usually get the Ronin or the Kiki burger, as the first one has an egg (yes yes yes) and the second has my favorite ingredient (a ton of mushrooms).  Both burgers are great and are examples of fusion food done right.  All the elements of the Ronin blend together nicely and taste like a perfect balance of america and japanese cuisine, kind of like if the Fat Burger and Hamada's had a food baby.  The Kiki burger I feel was made for me  it has three kinds of japanese mushrooms Sauteed Shiitake, Enoki, and Eryngii Mushrooms (what! yes please).  Enoki mushrooms are a really under utilized mushroom and they are great!  I've been waiting for somebody to put them on a burger for a long time.  In fact if you put anything with Enoki mushrooms in front of me I will plow through it like a mad animal.  . Bottom line if you're looking for a fusion restaurant that is about taste and not about gimmicks this is a great place.  The only reason I'm going to give them a four star rating is because when they used to be the only japanese fusion burger on the block they were the the top.  Now, however, I think that they have lost their crown to Fuku Burger both in terms of price and taste.  This might seem harsh, but I don't think you can ignore the fact that Fuku Burger came out swinging, and took the title of best japanese fusion burger away from Bachi.  Does this mean that you should go to Bachi Burger for your burger needs.... NO!! it's a damn fine burger, but it's like that 80's movie highlander taught us "there can be only one".
the kiki burger is awesome.. so many *unqiue* burger choices you really can't go wrong.. i'm sure you will find your favorite.. decor is nice, service was good when i went.
The food here is great, wonderful american-asian infusion.
Unique burgers with an Asian flair.  I love the concept, and they are delicious too!  They have a great selection of beers and they also have boba drinks as well.  I love the plantation iced tea, it's sweet tea with mint, really refreshing.  My husband got the Manga burger and it was really good.  It was like sushi on a burger with an egg on top!  Sounds weird, but it was good.  Prices are decent, but I would have given it 5 stars, but I hate burger joints that don't give fries with their burgers.  It just doesn't make sense to me!  But none the less, I will be back everytime I'm in Vegas!
Came here after 10PM on a Saturday night, a short wait (got a table by the door; since we did have a one year old with us).  I ordered the Shogun burger, which was very tasty (much better priced than the Rossini burger at the Burger bar).  The use of unagi is quite ingenious since it does make the burger more moist (and it blends in with the foie gras; so they can cheap out).. . Food:  4.5 stars. Service: 2.5 stars (did not see much of our server, especially at the end). Price:  4.0 stars (compared to other vegas eateries). Atmosphere/comfort:  3.5 stars. . +1 star for serving Foie Gras
After all the rave that I've been hearing about this place, it was really good! Ordered the konin burger w/ garlic fries; not a big fan with the type of buns they used but this time it worked really well. Oh deng the sauce that went along with the burger was BOMB. Same with the garlic fries. Staffs are friendly and very prompt; they need to tone it down a bit though, we felt like we were being rushed. I wanted to enjoy my meal with my company. Overall it's a must try and I'll be back forshure...
Super solid burger concept. Great flavor combinations. I wanted to order the whole entire menu... Wait a minute that's not a bad idea. One awesome burger at a time!
Japanese style handburgers?!? How often are you going to hear that together. That's what attracted to me to this place and in through the front door. . . The 1st time I came I ordered the Shogun burger (Pretty sure that's what it's called but it's the most expensive burger that came with kobe patty, unagi, foie grais, etc) and when I first bit into it, it was a taste that immediately wanted me to savor all of the delicious flavors. There's so much flavor in the burger that you could taste the foie grais, unagi, and sauce and enjoy it to it's fullest. You really have to give this burger a try if you go here.. . I did come another time and tried the other burger which I believe was the ronin but it did not have nearly as much flavor and would definitely not be that great of an experience. . . Your burger doesn't come with any sides like fries so be sure to order some if you'd like. 1 order of fries can easily feed at least 2 people and possibly 3 so don't order one for each person. I also tried some of the drinks like the strawberry jasmine tea lemonade and the momotoro peach drink and they were both not very good and not great drinks to compliment the food.. . This place is off the strip so may not be worth it if you have to taxi to get there but if you do make the effort to come out here, you would be punishing yourself for not getting the Shogun burger. I wouldn't even come here again if I didn't order that.
Be prepared to wait for a table, it seems like it's always rammed.. . We went between 2 and 3 pm and were told it would be about 45 mins to an hour wait. It ended up being closer to 30 minutes. The hostess was really unfriendly, but the waitress we had was great.. . We tried the oxtail fries which I liked. Everything on the menu is very unique.. . The burgers I saw coming out while waiting all looked really "pretty" and the meat patties looked tasty. I ordered the $25 shogun burger, with eel and foie gras on it. It wasn't incredible, but it was definitely interesting and new to me and I enjoyed it. My friends ordered the ronin burger and the lonely bird burger and they both loved it. . . I like how the menu has such unusual burgers and I'd like to try more.. . . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . Came back again and tried chili fried chicken. It's made with a mix of chili, ginger, garlic and soy sauce, and tastes exactly like what you'd get if you mixed all those together. I think it was ok, the dipping sauce had a unique flavor.. . Also had the sweet potato fries, which I think came with the same or similar sauce as the chili chicken did. The fries were cooked well, but tasted pretty much the same as sweet potato fries anywhere else.. . Had the ronin burger this time, which had a very similar dark sauce flavor that the shogun burger had. I think i'd prefer the ronin over the shogun just because the shogun is a mix of such unusual flavors, and the ronin is closer to a regular burger.
We came here, on our way out to Primm Valley to do some shopping.  A person in Houston actually reccomended stopping here. It was only later on that we found out this restaurant had been featured on Diners, Dives and Drive-ins.  . . So glad we stopped here.  It's really a unique burger experience.  If I had to describe this place, I would illustrate it as a higher end burger joint, with a Japanese hint to it.. . The burgers are freakin awesome.. Wow..  . . We started with a couple of beers and the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries. My wife is not a chili person at all and she actually like the chili cheese fries. For her to like this dish says a whole lot about the wonderful flavor.  The dish was featured on Food Network and it lives up to the hype folks.  . . For entrees, my wife had the 7 oz Bachi Angus Burger.  On the reccomendation of the waitrees, I tried the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger.  . . Both were oh so very flavorful and had a nice aftertaste as well. You wouldn't think of a burger as having a good aftertaste...these did.... . Give it a try if you are out and about in Las Vegas and have a hankering for a good burger.
Ox tail fries super legit.  Pricey ass beer that I couldn't pronounce it's name.  Also super legit.
Burgers are good, fries are amazing....but service is always slow! Wait time for food is always more than 30mins and the waiters/waitresses hardly ever come back to your table unless you flag them down!
I feel a little guilty because I feel like I'm cheating on my favorite burger place in Houston (will be kept anonymous to avoid any breaking hearts). But, it was truly love at first bite. . . Got the Kiki because it was recommended by my fellow Yelpers (thanks guys!)  The bun was nice fluffy and sweet (like Hawaiian bread). Loved the dipping sauce that came with it! Burger itself had a hint of sweetness and I'm assuming it's from the carmelized onions. Bacon, mushrooms, lettuce, carmelized onions, and of course a tender patty nestled in a bun of perfection! . . Second time my table ordered:.  . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries $11.50 - I could only really allow myself to have a few bites from this. Definitely massive enough to feed at least 3-4 people for an appetizer. Topped with a sunny side up egg and mixed in with chilli and bits of oxtail pieces. It was okay..definitely a good hearty app for the boys, but I probably wouldn't take the initiative to order it again. . . Pork Belly Buns $10-  Comes with three. Buns were nice, soft, and fluffy, and pork belly was cooked perfectly with a sweet glaze and topped with raddish and parts of a boiled egg. Definitely yummy and filling but I don't know how I feel about it being $10. . . Manga Burger $13 (?) - Their specialty burger with scallops and crab? It was ...satisfactory..definitely not memorable enough for me to go into extensive details about it. Honestly, I enjoyed the Kiki a little more but my friend enjoyed the Manga because of it's unique flavor. Just get both, lol!
I'll give this place 4 stars because of the tasty flavors and efficient service. The meat was not that tender nor was it juicy at all....a little disappointing for spending 10 dollars for a burger. I enjoyed my experience, though...
You can't go wrong with a place that has been on Triple D....at least that is my opinion.   I vistied the location on Windmill for lunch and will definitely go back.  . . We were seated immediately and greeted by a friendly server.   Considering it was lunch hour rush, I was impressed with the expeditous service and the repeated attention by the server.. . I ordered the Kalbiburger which was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.   The bun was fresh, soft, and slightly sweet...but the best part was the bun to burger ration was perfect.   In no way did the bun overpower the beautifully cooked Angus burger.   The kim chee was homemade and full of spice.    The Japanese marinade gave the burger the right amount of flare needed to call it a "BBQ burger".. . Overall, you have to try this place.   Fresh, homemade buns with a medium rare Angus beef burger that is juicy and flavorful....you can't go wrong by this place.
I was pretty impressed by Bachi Burger. . . My girlfriend wanted to come here for her birthday so we came on a Saturday at about 6pm or so, we waited roughly 20min but we got seated relatively prompt seeing as we had a group of 7. . . We ordered drinks and ordered food, we got the oxtail chili cheese fries first and man that was good. Really good flavor, the fries were good and the chili was extremely flavorful. . . Next the burgers! . . I had the Ronin Burger, the meat was cooked a perfect medium rare, caramelized onions, a Japanese slaw and an aoli.. . Overall really impressed with this place and the rest of our group was as well. Very accommodating (minus the forced gratuity added) to our group.
Mouth watering burgers cooked to perfection. I had the Miyagi sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. The egg yolk dripping down the side of my burger was the finishing touch to this flavorful masterpiece. The parmesan cheese fries on the other hand, were anything but amazing. Had I known they were going to be lacking in flavor, I would have ordered them original with a side of ketchup. The waitress was attentive and not in the fill your glass of water every 5 seconds kind of way... We all know how annoying that can be!. I will definitely go back as soon as I can. I will continue experimenting with all the different burgers in search for the best one. Any place that makes eating a "burger" an amazing experience is my kind of place. Be prepared to unbutton your jeans/pants when exiting this establishment.
Bachi Burger brings together my two favorite things - Asian Flavorings and Burgers. I can't pin-point which one is my favorite because they are all different (lies, its the Miyagi Sans burger but, I didn't want to hurt the others feelings). All I can say is that when you add an egg to a burger, it intensifies the flavors of the burger with the burst of the egg yolk. ::drools:::. I can't say I am a fan of the oxtail fries OR the truffle fries but, the burger is enough to fill you up and doesn't really need extras as its the STAR of the show. . . Try the vietnamese coffee to finish your meal but, order it half way through your burger, as it takes a bit to brew. A nice mix of condensed milk and flavorful coffee.
I've tried it twice, so I guess I have to rate it that I'm a fan. But I have yet to eat there. I hate when the wait is always "10-15 minutes" if its not going to be close to that. Both times I left after 30 minutes or more. Good for them to be so busy, bad for me. Fortunately there's an excellent sushi place in the same strip mall. I'll give them another try since my friends say its worth it, but I'll push them on what the delay is going to be. I'm sure the food is great and the customers seemed to be enjoying themselves. We'll just have to see (and at a less popular time.)
On my most recent visit to Las Vegas, I decided to drive off the Strip and try out Bachi Burger. I've seen and heard good things about this Asian fusion style burger joint. . . The place, which opened a couple years ago, is rather non-exciting. It's a very open tall space, but I felt like the place could use a better job with its interior decoration. The staff was all friendly and helpful as well.. . Now, onto the food. We started with the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, Truffle Parmesan Fries, Chili Fried Chicken, and then our burgers. The fries and chicken were average. The chicken had a nice flavor to it, but it was a bit dry for me. Totally loved the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries along with the fried egg on top. It's a must order.. . I split a Ronin Burger and a Miyagi-San's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. The Ronin has some Japanese coleslaw with some Yuzu citrus in it as well as fried egg. I loved it. The Miyagi San was enormous, with its bacon and onion rings in the burger. I preferred the Ronin. I completely loved the Taiwanese buns they used...so soft and tasty. They're made at a local bakery several miles away. . . Though these gourmet Asian fusion burgers can be a bit on the pricey side (similar to Umami Burger), they're well worth it. Burgers are 7oz and I was more than full when our meal was done. I wish I had some space for their malasadas for dessert. Their strawberry guava milkshake was quite delish as well. Their Asian-inspired menu also includes a bunch of boba teas.
I think the most important feature of a burger place is the burger.  The burger I had here, the ronin, was phenomenal!  I ordered mine medium rare, and it came out more on the rare side, excellent!  Everything about the burger was tasty.  Unfortunately, I can't say the say about the side of truffle parmesan fries that I ordered as well.  The fries were somewhat bland, and the sauce on top looked as though some one dropped a Cleveland steamer on them.  The Thai iced tea was also a big "meh." My recommendation, stick with the burger and you shall go home happy.
First time at Bachi Burger and i loved it....my wife kept raving about it and thought I had the best burgers already!  So I decided to give it a try and ordered the Kiki Burger (shiitake mushrooms...yummy!  A bit pricey for a burger but the price matched the quality...nice juicy, tender, angus beef!  Customer service was good...
Came here for lunch during my bachelor party.   Ooops, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  Well, it was all over my social network since I saw at least a dozen pictures of the Shogun burger with my name tagged on it.  What is the Shogun burger?  Well, it's the biggest, baddest Japanese style burger you ever feasted your eyes upon.  Imagine a huge kobe beef patty with fois gras (duck) and unagi (eel) topped with some of that secret special sauce.  Let's say that's one of the most unique tasting burger I had in my life.  I never imagined unagi tastes so good next to beef.  Fois gras is default good for those sophisticated eaters.. . You're probably wondering what else is on the menu.  Well, they had more earthly hamburgers compared to the heavenly Shogun burger, fries, duck entree, etc.  Just look at the website and you will know but I'll end the review that Shogun burger is the best!. . Side note: A shogun is a military ruler (think dictator or general) of medieval Japan.  Essentially they had all the power over their territory.
Bomb again.
Luv their burgers! They are soo tasty. Great for date night or family night. The waiters and waitresses were super nice and helpful. The greeter wasn't all that friendly but everything else was on point!
I wasn't impressed with the edamame.  They were tiny.  They didn't have the nice big round soybeans.  Plus they over charged for them.. . The burgers were good but not great.  I would go back if they open one in LA bit probably not in Vegas.  But if I had to wait to eat, I wouldn't go.
My sister-in-law was raving about Bachi Burger so for my last night in Vegas, we had dinner here with my brother. I felt pretty overwhelmed with the menu since everything sounds SO GOOD.  If I wasn't feeling broke, I totally would have ordered the Shogun Burger: Wagyu Beef, unagi, pan seared foie gras, poached asian pear, miso butter and Yamamomo peach. ARE YOU FORREAL BACHI BURGER?? I had a foodgasm just reading that decadent description but when I saw that it was $25, I painfully had to choose another burger.. . In the end, I went with the bahn mi burger since my sister-in-law read good reviews of this burger. I figured I couldn't go wrong with this since I love bahn mi sandwiches. . . According to the description, the bahn mi burger contained the following ingredients: Angus Beef, pork, shrimp, lemongrass, pork pate, fresh herbs, curry aioli, with pickled vegetables and Nuoc Mam Sauce on the side. If I didn't have read the description before chowing down, I wouldn't  have known the pate, pork or shrimp was in this burger. I think there were so many flavors going on that those got lost in the mix. I had my burger cooked to medium and my oh my it was so juicy! I also enjoyed the fresh herbs (aka mint and cilantro), pickled veggies the curry aioli. Those flavors when so well together! I personally thought the Nuoc Mam sauce (aka fish sauce) was unnecessary since there was a lot of other flavors going on. Overall I really enjoyed this burger.. . The three of us split the truffle parmesean fries, which were very tasty by themselves. The black porchini creme sauce that was drizzled over it was just as tasty but I felt that the sun dried tomato aioli was unnecessary for dipping.. . Despite what other reviews have mentioned, I though the service was fine. My sister-in-law was also surprised since she did mention service was slow at Batchi Burger. I guess we came in on a good night.. . I highly recommend checking out this place. The Shogun Burger is on the top of my "To-Do" list when I visit Vegas again.
I had the . . Miyagi-San Burger which is a Grass Fed Wagyu Beef Burger med cooking which was juicy and yummy.  above average. . Ox tail chili fries Now this was money.  super good worth the trip. . Truffle fries was good. . overall great food.  kind of like unami burger in the SF and LA area. . . Service was so so. and i was there on a fri at 1 so after the rush
Like many of the other reviewers here, I first heard about Bachi Burger while watching the Food Network.  The burgers that they highlighted on that episode were nothing short of remarkable in terms of their creativity and I could practically see the flavors jumping out of the screen and performing kabuki theater on my tasebuds.  . . Two of my favorite things - Asian Food and Burgers - combined into the same meal?  Sign me up!!. . So, it practically goes without saying that my next trip through Vegas contained "Bachi Burger" at the top of my TO-DO list.. . And I wasn't disappointed.  This place is incredible!  I've been here twice now and though I still have several of their burgers yet to try, my personal favorite has been the Kalbi Burger with Kimchee and the pork-belly steam buns.  Seriously some of the most flavorful creations I have ever encountered.  My friends had the Miagi San and the Black and Green Burgers and everyone was no less than amazed.. . The creators of Bachi Burger have created a winner here.  I hope that their success continues so that I won't have to go all of the way to Vegas anytime that I want one of these Zen burgers.  Of course, for the time being, I'm more than willing - because they're worth it!
Went late on a Tuesday night before a movie. There was tons of parking (but that seems pretty standard in Vegas), service was fast and friendly.. . Being a friendly neighborhood vegetarian, of course I went for the "no meat here"...burger. It was pretty delicious! I really enjoyed the way that they layered ingredients like fried tofu, and eggplant, rather than just giving you a veggie patty on a bun. Overall, the ingredients seemed to be of good quality.. . Its always awesome when places offer delicious veggie options in addition to the usual carnivorous fare.
For some reason, I bookmarked this place without actually reading about it.  I actually thought it was a fast food-ish restaurant.  HAH.  Wrong.  It's a pretty nice sit down restaurant!. . Ordered:. . Husband tried the Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger with Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, and Crispy Onion Rings.  The $13 is quite attractive and definitely the way to go if you want the wagyu beef.  A regular wagyu burger starts at $16.  Husband LOVED it!. . I ordered the plain BBQ Bachi Burger Angus Beef with Cheddar Cheese.  Thrilling, I know.  I'm such a risk taker.  It was very good and however they cook these burgers is incredible.  It had a slight crispness on the outside, but still juicy on the inside (even ordered well done!).  The bun was perfectly soft, but not too much so that it dissolved around the burger.. . Sweet potato fries were really good.  Perfectly cooked, not underdone or overdone.  I was really bummed they don't have ranch.  I mean, what else do you dip your sweet potato fries in?!  I didn't like the accompanying Yuzu Citrus Aioli, so I asked to try the Garlic Chili Aioli, which they charged us 50 cents for.  I hate being nickel and dimed for things like that, especially when I ended up not liking it.  Oh well.. . Overall, I'd say my rating would probably be a 3 and the husband would give it 4-5, so I'll round up because I think not liking their creative sauces is a personal problem.  Definitely not a bad place to stop on your way into Vegas, or if you want to get off-strip for a bit while you're in town.
The burgers themselves were okay, I wasn't necessarily a big fan of the bun because I wish it had been toasted, but instead it was super soft- I guess more of a style preference.  I had the Kalbi burger and the Ronin burger on two separate occasions.  I think the Ronin burger tasted better than the Kalbi burger.. . Didn't particularly like the parmesan truffle fries as much compared to Umami Burger.  These fries were very messy to eat with and weren't as tasty.. . The ox-tail chili cheese fries were interesting.  There was a spicy kick to it and it was definitely unique.. . Overall, I think there is a lot that can be said about these interesting combinations for burgers.  Give it a try and see if you like 'em!
I made this visit a few months ago with a friend, so I can't remember the food entirely, just the service.. . Speedy, accurate & hospitable, thank you for the staff upgrade. On our entry, we were promptly greeted & our generous hostesses had us seated right away. I say that in plural as one was in training & the other the trainer, which was very good of the "trainer" to inform us. . . Our very capable hostess, skated in & out of the kitchen with her pupil in tow, teaching as well as liaising between kitchen & customer. Props to the service.. . I shall visit again.
Hands down the best burger I've ate.  I ordered Kiki's Burger.  The burger consists of a bun with a hint of sweetness, caramelized strip of bacon, several types of mushrooms and a sweet onion marmalade that balances out the burger perfectly. . . The Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries were very good but did not compare to the burger.. . Finally, I also had a side of their oxtail chili. This is definitely something that should be ordered.  Lots of oxtail and cheese!  The beans were kept to a minimum.. . Overall I found the food quality was superb.  My only gripe about the place is that it gives off a pretentious vibe.  The decor is lacking.  Walls are painted brown with a couple of TV's.. . The wall above the kitchen area contains two chalkboards with some items of the menu written out.  Don't see the point in that as the words are too small and congested to make out unless you sit close.. . On a final note, the chef making the burgers seemed to have a hard time getting the meat cooked properly when I was there.  I noticed three tables sending their burgers back due to incorrect temperature, including mine.. . A positive experience overall and I definitely recommend trying it out.
Enjoyed a nice dinner here during a work trip to Vegas. While I was a little worried that I would find the place overrated, the photos beckoned that I try it. What I ordered:. . Spicy miso burger: meat was cooked just as I had ordered it. The condiments really made the burger, and overall it was just delicious.. Salt and pepper garlic fries w/ chili aioli: nice complement to the burgers. I have this thing with fries where I get really dissatisfied with boring and "typical" tasting fries. This was definitely not the case. They weren't the best fries I ever had, but they definitely had "character.". . Service was also very attentive. When I'm back in Vegas, I think I'll return to try other things on the menu.
A buddy had seen Bachi featured on some Food Network tv show. Since I'm an easy sell and pretty much a sucker for advertising, that was endorsement enough for me to search out this place.. . As soon as I saw the Shogun burger on the chalkboard outside, I knew I had to be an idiot and go for it. (I'm particularly susceptible to chalkboard marketing, I should add.)  The shogun is one of their specialty wagyu beef burgers with a layer of unagi, pan-seared foie gras (this is what sold me), thin slices of asian pear and miso butter spread. On the side they throw in a yamamomo peach. Not sure why but maybe it helps theoretically justify the $25 price tag.  . . Before we get to the burgers, I gotta say that the milkshakes (all of them) were awesome. Creamy, thick and diabetes-inducing. I liked my strawberry-guava, but everyone else thought the peanut butter one was tops. . . The much-talked-about ox-tail fries were a surprise. The ox-tail "stew" covering the french fries is actually a little sweet and tasted great. I thought it would just be chili-cheese fries using ox-tail but it had a different flavor than I anticipated.  We had to stop ourselves from ordering seconds so we wouldn't ruin our appetites. . . Okay, main event. So I bought the biggest, baddest burger off the regular menu. Did I love it? Honestly for the price I found it okay. The beef they use for their burger tasted good, and when I bite into a burger I don't watch sauces or ketchup to take away from the lovely flavor of cow carcass. The unagi was my least favorite part because its flavor really overpowered everything else (except for sweetness of the pear) and made every bite just taste like unagi. So minus the unagi, I'm left with a good beef patty, pear and foie gras. It all tasted pretty good, but I wouldn't recommend it for $25.. . I also tried the Ronin burger which has a little sweetness too from a layer of coleslaw and I really enjoyed it overall. Next time I have to try the pork steamed buns and some of the other burgers as well. Maybe the Shogun didn't live up to my expectations, but I still had a great meal and will be back next time I'm in Vegas.. . Oh, and that yamamomo peach? Popped it in my mouth (it's about the size of a marble) and looked back at everyone else watching for my reaction. I shrugged, "Tastes like candy."
Gourmet burgers and friendly staff. My favorite is the Shogun, signature bbq made with Wagyu beef, and the pineapple ketchup  with fries, and the Chicken Caesar salad.. Always consistent.
I kept hesitating to come to this burger joint because from several people that has been here said they didnt like it.  So, I never would come here when Brad T. would suggest it until one day, Im like "what the hell, why not?". . & Lo and behold!! I have fallen in love with this burger joint.  Was I imagining how great this burger (Miyagi-san's Grass Fed WagyuBurger) was! DELISH! We also ordered the:. Salt & PepperGarlic French Fries & the Truffle ParmesanFries.  The truffle fries & you dip it into the sauce that goes with it.  It is absolute heaven, never tasted a fry that is so addicting (besides Mcds fries, lol) I can eat probably two orders of the truffle fries. . . The service was superb, he was very friendly and recommended some things that we should try out next time we were there.. . The ONLY reason why, I took away a star because I ordered Thai tea & coffee ice cream.  The thai tea was completely watered down, it tasted horrible. The coffee ice cream cost about $2.99 (I believe) it was soo tiny! . . However, I would definitely come back here but I probably would never order the thai tea or ice cream again.
Great, friendly staff serves up some of the most exotic tasting burgers I have ever tried with The Banh-Mi being the most flavorful of them all. Not in the mood for a burger? Try any of their amazing starters! The steamed pork buns, oxtail fries and truffle fries are always awesome treats to share with friends. BTW, if you get the truffle fries, get a side of the pineapple ketchup and the porcini sauce...the flavors are truly amazing.
Went with my husband and I loved it. The reason I took off a star is that our app (Oxtail chili cheese fries YUM) arrived well before our drinks did. The burger was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing (though my husband wasnt a fan of the asian flavors).
Man... we were just looking for a cool place to relax off the strip. Get a decent burger and call it a night. . . Did we hit the jackpot! . . Oxtail chili??? Specialty Burgers?? Oxtail Chili cheese fries!!?? . . We had no idea at the time we were stumbling upon such an awesome place to eat dinner. Everything was right. The pricing, the food and the atmosphere. Highly recommended!!. . Also- I think I saw this on Man vs. Food recently or Diners, Drive-ins and Dives... can't remember... these folks are doing real food and real good!
Location. Definitely not in the "glamorous" part of Las Vegas, but easy to find.  South of The Strip at E. Windmill Lane and S. Bermuda Road, it's about a 10-minute drive from The Strip... . Atmosphere. Not quite Southwestern, not quite Asian, not quite...identifiable.  Yellow walls, dark tables, dark chairs, low lighting.  A bar along the right side of the wall.  Tables and chairs are partially hidden from the front door thanks to the Asian-inspired folding screen behind the hostess stand.  There's patio seating, although it was closed because it was a little cool outside. . . Service. Our waitress was very friendly.  The food was a little...slow.  We ordered burgers and fries and our fries were gone (and we were eating the dipping sauces) while we waited for our burgers.. . Food/Drink. Of course, the burgers took a little while because they're so delicious!  No, I didn't order what Guy Fieri had; I don't eat pork.  Instead, I ordered the Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu Burger (chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, crispy onion ring).  It was absolutely amazing!  The right amount of juices dripping from the burger when you bite into it.  The soft warmness of the buns.  The right mixture of toppings on this particular burger.  I made sure to eat mine slow so I could savor it as long as possible!  The French fries are delicious!  We ordered both the Salt and Pepper fries and the Parmesan Truffle fries.   Definitely go for the Parmesan Truffle fries; it's an unique twist on an American favorite!  Dipping sauces were just perfect with them, too. . . Definitely a new favorite in Las Vegas!
OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES.  This clearly is the most popular dish at this place.  Every table around us had this on their table, every.  The service was spotty as we visited during lunch.  After our starters, the food began to settle in and the mile high burgers finally came out.  At this point, I was stuffed, but had to put down this spicy miso burger.  It's not the cheapest place for a lunch, but it's so worth it.. . Oxtail chili cheese fries: By far one of the best dishes I've ever consumed.  The shredded oxtail was so tender, the flavor of the chili has a sweetness to it and it goes so well with the salty fries. The sunny side up egg just makes it even better.  Truly amazing, it's a must get and you'll be disappointed if you don't.. . Pork Belly Buns: Not all that but still good.  I really enjoyed the bao dunked in their hoisin mixture and the touch of cilantro and radish gives it a great fresh touch.. . Spicy miso burger: This this had to be at least 6" high, piled with toppings and goodness. What makes their burgers so unique is the Taiwanese sweet bun, soft, fluffy, and chewy, what a burger bun should be. There are so many great flavors in this piece, it was delicious, from garlic to peppers, onions, and a fried egg. The patty was cooked perfectly, medium.. . If you're in Vegas, this place is a must.  Make a trip here, it's worth the short drive off of the strip.  As we left lunch, the place was packed and had a line outside the door.  I recommend going early.  It's a nice place with friendly staff.
Great gourmet burger when you're looking for one. . 1. Truffle Parmesan Fries are awesome!.  . 2. Crispy Fried Onion Rings were good because they are lightly battered but I found them to be a little soggy for my liking..  . What I ordered: main course . . 3. CUSTOM MADE BBQ BURGER. BBQ Bachi Burger 7oz Angus Beef- Fried Egg, Grilled Onions, Cheddar (3 slices), Ketchup, Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion.. . The burger was amazing!!! I would come here again and again! . 4 stars because of the oily/soggy Onion Rings but if I have to rate just the Burger it would get a 5 star rating!
The oxtail chili cheese fries are awesome - had to eat first then take pic!. . We had seen this place on DD&D and despite sometimes having mixed results when following their recommendations Bachi Burger just looked fantastic.. . We shared an order of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries as an appetizer & they were fantastic - somehow the fries didn't go soggy when smothered in the chili, the addition of a fried egg and cilantro just added to the depth of flavor from the excellent meat/texas style chili.. . We then ordered the Kiki and Ronin burgers to share with an order of onion rings.  The burgers were cooked very well (nice and pink in the middle), very juicy and the toppings were fresh.  The buns were good - kind of "sticky" like a steamed bun - but the onion rings were the stand out.  They were like tempura onion rings and I highly recommend them.. . We also got a side of the pineapple ketchup with was great with the onion rings.. . I would for sure head back here to try more of the burgers on the menu and also get an order of those chili cheese fries that i wouldn't share!
I wanna say first I'm a burger and beer kinda guy. I've been here twice so far and each location I've been to has had fantastic service. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Seriously!!! I've tried a lot of it. Try the Cherry Yuzo soda it'll keep you coming back for more. . I truly love places like this. They've honestly put an amazing new twist on something so classic.
We went to Bachi Burger before a show at UNLV, and were blown away by the incredible burger and fries selection.  Let's start with the basics.  Bachi is the brainchild of Lori Watada, formerly Roy Yamaguchi's sous chef.  Imagine the best burgers in the world, done in a variety of asianesque styles, with a full compliment of appetizers, Japanese style pickles, entrees for those who don't like beef, and amazing fries...  I got the Shogun, their most expensive burger, a rare and heodistic tribute to all that is fat and good in a burger of wagyu beef, plus pan seared fois gras, unagi (broiled eel for those of you who don't know, a stunningly delicious Japanese staple), poached pear and secret sauce.  The burger was cooked perfectly (medium rare equals rare, but that is how you want American wagyu), and eating it was a nearly religious experience.  My wife got the Keki, smothered in premium mushrooms and a delicious sauce.  The parmesan truffle oil fries were good....but not great, and the sweet potato fries were perfect.  I am going to have to go back and eat my way through the rest of the menu...... Our service was good, especially given how busy it was, and we noticed that they were turning people away 20 minutes after we got there at 6pm becasue the place was full and there was a waiting list.  They serve a limited array of wine, beers sake and drinks....in a casual setting that is just crowded enough to feel like you are part of something.  I have decided that in all Las Vegas this is my new go to burger spot..... The burgers cost $9 to $25 (the Shogun), and I cannot wait to go back!  . They are opening a fine dining spot next door....that will be on my list too....
Update and upgrade alert. . . I finally made my way back to Bachi after nearly two years and I was pleasantly surprised. We came here for lunch and they were extremely busy. We waited for about twenty minutes before we were finally seated. . . I decided to order the Kalbi burger this time around. I was enticed by the kim chi and it definitely delivered. The meat was perfect flavor and was cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the pickled cucumbers quite a bit on the side as well. The bun, which is usually my biggest sticking point for finding a great burger was soft and delicious. My friend's burger was a little on the undercooked side, but still looked good.. . Service was a little lackluster and that's the only thing keeping me from giving this place five stars. We waited quite a while to order, then another agonizing wait for our food and then when they finally brought our check, it was incorrect. Another long wait for them to rectify that and we were finally out the door. I wish they came by with refills a little more often as well. Service was friendly, however. I'll definitely be back, but I'll make sure I'm not in a hurry when I do.
I came here for the first time last week on my annual Vegas girls' weekend . The food was pretty good...burger was cooked just the way I like it, medium. 3 of the girls ordered the Ronnin Burger and 2 of the girls ordered the Kiki burger. So as you can tell, those two were probably the more popular ones. I had ordered the Ronnin burger as well, and it was really good. The burger had a fried egg in it...but what made it even better was the citrus aioli. They give that to you on the side, but seriously, that was one of the reasons why I liked this burger. The kiki burger had mushrooms in it and that was great too. But if I had to choose, I like the Ronnin burger more. . . They have Strawberry Guava Shake, but I wasn't brave enough to order that...too heavy for me I suppose. I still had to drive 4 hours home. However, I was able to order the Momo..peach and strawberry soda! that was so refreshing and yummy. Too bad it wasn't free refills, otherwise they would have heard from me for more. The fries were okay. We had the parmesan cheese one and the salt and pepper one. Everyone liked the salt and pepper one more. There was this gravy looking sauce on the parmesan fries...not so good. The sauces that came with it were not memorable, I didn't even dip them. The salt 'n' pepper fries reminded me of the asian dish salt 'n' pepper shrimp. No shrimp flavor but that salt 'n' pepper is definitely there! .  . I wanted to try the spicy miso burger because I heard it was only there seasonal. But maybe next time. I will get that milkshake next time!
I've heard of this place for a while and finally got to try it this past weekend!. . I spent the weekend in Vegas with my friends and on Sunday noon before heading home, we decided to check this place out. They opened at 12 and we got there at 12:20...there was already a 30 minute wait :o This place gets crazy crowded, so I only hoped it was because it was delicious.. . Service here is pretty good. Workers were friendly and apologetic about the wait, even though it didn't seem TOO long. They were also very accommodating for out party of 11 :) I decided to order based on Yelp reviews, so I got the 'Ronin Burger' ($10) and our table got 4 orders of their Truffle Parmesan fries ($3.50 each) to share.. . Food came out in a reasonable amount of time. It was funny because they recommended we should get the fries now instead of with our burgers because the burgers would take a long time, but we got our burgers a few minutes after we got our fries. So?? Haha I don't know.. . The Ronin is a burger with caramelized onions, cole slaw, sesame dressing, fried egg (I asked to take it out since I don't like egg), Katsu BBQ sauce, and a yuzu citrus aioli on the side. The flavor was good, but I found it too be a little too sweet after a while. I think it was because of the BBQ sauce and caramelized onions together. Too much, plus I'm not the biggest fan of BBQ sauce. The truffle parmesan fries were really good. The fries are the thin cut type and were nicely crisp. They also came with a sun dried tomato aioli sauce that was really good with the fries. MMMM :). . Prices are pretty reasonable and this location is pretty spacious. I would come back to try their other popular burgers (Kiki and Miyagi). Also, I hear they have good soft drinks, so I'll probably try those next, too!
Been wanting to eat here ever since seeing it on Triple D.  We ordered:. . Pork Belly Bao - Very tasty, a must try!. Duck Bao - not as good as the Pork Belly. Oxtail Chili Cheese fries - not as good as advertised.  It's ok.. Banh Mi Burger - Very good. You can tell it was inspired by the sandwich. Kalbi, Ronin, Kiki, & Miso Burgers - Family gave them 2 thumbs up. . Everyone was happy with their meal here.  Bachi has been added to our list of must stops next to In-n-Out when we're in Vegas.
Had to try this place because of the Triple D show...and of course, it was just as I had hoped. The burger was delish....I had the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. Yum! I took the Pork Belly Steamed Buns to go...amazing even as leftovers the food was good. I'm definitely going back and recommending it for others to try. . . I heard others have had to wait, but I went early for lunch and that was perfect because I walked right in and got a seat. The place did fill up by noon...so go for an early lunch or after the rush at noon. Service was great early on because I got my food quick and there was no wait for a table.
I would visit Bachi Burger again for sure! Try the Oxtail fries if you want some yummy Chillie cheese fries.. . Service was on point and the place was neat and clean.
Their Momotaro strawberry white peach soda is crack! It's been two days and I'm still thinking about it and wishing for more! I WANT IT, I NEED IT, NOW!!!!!! too bad I live in California :(. . - Oxtail chili cheese fries: Perfectly fried fries topped with sweet oxtail chili, jalepenos, fried egg, and cilantro. The chili was a little too sweet as if there was too much bbq sauce, but still good! . . - Pork Belly Steamed Sandwiches: Glazed pork belly, hardboiled egg, and cilantro stuffed in a steamed bun. YUM, although the bun could've been a little softer.. . - Miyagi-san grass-fed wagyu burger: grass-fed beef patty, cheese, onion rings in toasted buns. I loved that this came out hot and steamy! Although the beef patty was cooked to medium-well even though I asked for medium, it was still very juicy. However, I felt that it lacked flavor and I wished the onion rings would have been crunchy to give the burger more texture.. . I would definitely come back here again because it has so many burgers that sound delicious! However, I give this four stars because I think they could've done with all their entrees.
Pretty good for a gourmet burger. I ordered the kalbi burger which had kimchee and kalbi beef. My burger was a little cold however and we had to wait a quite awhile for burgers like 40 minutes for them.  The wait was not too bad at all.  I would come back here again and eat. I wished I tried the fries, but I was really sick.
Wow!  If you are ever in Vegas try Bachi Burger!  We had their Mr. Ho's Burger!  Amazing!  Never though I would be eating a taro bun in Vegas.  The restaurant isn't very big; it was a bit on the dirty side, especially the bathroom, and we had to wait a long time.  But the food was absolutely delicious!
This review is late times two... it is a combo review about both of our experiences to the same Bachi Burger location!. . During our first visit, my husband and I stopped in for lunch on an early Wednesday afternoon in October. The restaurant was fairly empty at this time, we were immediately seated and our hardest decision was deciding what delicious goodies to try first! . . We opted on sharing the Pork Belly Steam Buns, the Kiki Burger and an order of the Parmesan Truffle Fries. HOLY heck, amazing! I consider burgers and fries one of my true life weaknesses and these had me needing a new set of panties they were so good. As if all of that wasn't enough, we even opted to try their homemade Portuguese Donuts for dessert. Also scrumptious and well worth the splurge! Not only could we not wait to return, we wanted to bring friends and family!. . Our second visit was a Sunday evening in late December, right before Christmas, this time with my sister and brother in law. Prior to our visit I tried to call ahead and make reservations. They don't offer that but the woman who answered stated they shouldn't be too busy on a Sunday evening around 8pm. You could imagine my surprise when we were told there was a 30-40 minute wait for a table. After reading numerous Yelp reviews talking about a long wait time, I can not fathom the reason for her saying that.. . We did wind up being seated a bit earlier than expected (around 20-25 minutes) and were anxious to order. My husband and I wanted to start with the Shrimp Chips. Those were brought promptly along with our drinks, although my sister's beer took a moment. The Shrimp Chips were yummy and like pork rinds. Truly a unique treat.. . My husband and brother in law both chose the Shogun burgers while I chose the Ronin burger and my sister chose the Kiki burger. Each couple also ordered Parmesan Truffle Fries to share.. . Our server was kind and attentive but after waiting for our burgers and fries for over 40 minutes, I felt horrible that he had to be the one to keep coming over and apologizing for the wait. It certainly wasn't his fault and although we were very hungry, we of course were not angry with him. At some point, the manager should have been the one to do this and I feel he should have perhaps hooked us up with some extra fries on the house for the long delay. Neither happened.. . Everyone agreed the food was again delicious and outstanding! It was my first experience ever tasting fois gras (via my husband's burger) and it was divine! I would absolutely return (and plan to) but a few suggestions for Bachi Burger..... . - start taking reservations, especially for dinner and on weekends. - learn to deal with heavy crowds a bit better, maybe via extra staff?. - make those mangers do the dirty work. . Those factors are the only reason both experiences combined equal four stars instead of a full five. If you want fine dining food available at average restaurant prices and a relaxed atmosphere, Bachi Burger is the way to go!
Excellent service food was delicious
Oh Bachi Booboo, you are a delight!. Nestled in a strip mall off Windmill (my location of choice), you find a petite but happy lil place. The staff is oober friendly and excited to talk to you about their menu and Television debut.  My friend drooled over the oxtail chili fries, my husband loved everything his taste buds touched and they accomodated me with Vegetarian options.. . Good stuff y'all!!  Happy Belly.
Based on several recommendations by my friends in the local area, I had to try Bachi Burger. It appears they have two locations around the Las Vegas area although they are opening one up in West LA in 2013 which is good for me. This burger joint is somewhat distant from the strip, however, well worth the stop. I'd recommend coming during off peak hours. When we were leaving, there was a big line for dinner to this place, a indicator that there is good food inside. The service was really good. The waiters were trained to introduce themselves and to answer any questions that we had about the menu.. . As an appetizer, I had a piece of my friend's Pork Belly Steamed Buns It contained Duroc Pork Belly, cilantro, scallions, radish, boiled egg, Chinese black vinaigrette, and hoisin sauce. I typically don't like eating steamed buns, but when I took a bite into this, it was SO GOOD! It made me rethink my stance on steamed buns.. . Also, I requested the fries to come as an appetizer. I ordered their truffle parmesan fries which contains parmesan reggiano, black truffle shavings, chives, and comes with a side of sun dried tomato aioli dipping sauce. I was disappointed at their truffle fries. I was hoping that they would have utilized truffle oil to cook the fries. Instead, it tasted your typical french fry you would have at any fast food place. If I had to do it over again, I would skip the fries as their selection of burgers and appetizers are so much more appealing.. . Finally, for the main course, I had the Spicy Miso Burger which contains a massive patty of Angus beef, onions, shishito peppers, mayo, lettuce, roasted garlic, cheese, fried egg, and apple vinaigrette sauce. When a took a bite out of this sandwich, I was wondering what happened to the shishito peppers? I didn't really taste the peppers at all. I was completely overwhelmed by the apple vinaigrette sauce. The sandwich was decent, but the combination of ingredients is suspect. Perhaps there is too much going on in the sandwich where it loses its identity as a spicy miso burger. . . If I am ever around this part of Las Vegas again, I would definitely stop by to try some of their other burgers such as their Kalbi burger.
Had lunch with a group of friends here a few weeks ago. The wait time was a bit long but it was worth it! I had the ronin burger and of course i added some bacon to it. Definitely a great choice. Their sodas are pretty tasty as well. I recommend either the white peach one or the cherry yuzo soda. Both delicious.. . Overall id come back for sure. Great food and great service, just be prepared to wait a little
Saw this place on Guy Fieri's Triple D, and promised the wife next time we go to Vegas we would stop by. First and foremost, it was good as advertised. We started off with the Ox tail chili cheese fries. Words can not begin to describe the deliciousness of this dish. I almost ended up eating the whole thing myself. This dish is a must have when going to Bachi Burger. I ordered the Myagi and the wife ordered the Spicy Miso with grilled onions. I ordered my burger med rare and the wife ordered her's med, but I ended up with a med burger and she ended up with med rare. I am not one to return food, so I ate it, and it was phenomenal! Didn't get to try my wife's burger but she raved about it, but only had one knock, and that was it wasn't spicy enough...But still awesome!! Next time I'm in Vegas we will definitely stop by again!
I've been to this location and the one near the theater with the unfinished parking lot and this one is noticeably better.. . had a nice revelation with the oxtail fries and the ronin burger was just what the doctor ordered.. . really enjoyed the menu offerings but one knock was the lack of shrimp chips because apparently they stopped serving them.. . bring back the kropek!
Asian style burgers? It was good, but it wasn't as amazing as I thought it would be. Reminds me of Umami Burger here in SF, but bigger and better. . . Their burgers use the same type of buns for barbecue pork buns! One unique thing I noticed. And their meat patties are marinated in some type of a sweet sauce. The burgers looks and tastes extra juicy! . . They also have Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries. The fries were super addicting. It had a sort of a spice to it that made it so sweet yet savory at the same time. I honestly thought the idea of Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries could have been executed better. Hmmn...maybe like more sweetness to the ox tail? Ox tail reminds me of braised beef, so if that slow cooked turned sweet tasting taste was drenched all over fries... I think I would have liked it much better. The chili all over the fries was okay. I sort of avoided eating it... weird I know since it defeats the purpose of having chili on this dish. . . I decided to get the Pork Belly buns. Sort of pricy, but pork belly tends to be expensive. Ever since my trip to NYC I have been craving this! It is hard to find a place serving even DECENT pork belly buns. This place was decent. It was dinky but I really liked it! This dish half-filled my satisfaction. . . Their boba is fresh too! A bit of an increase in price for your average boba, but they serve it in a nice glass cup! . . Friendly workers here! Nice modern Asian fusion burger joint.
Love, love, love Bachi Burger.  I highly recommend giving them a try, even if you aren't a carnivore.  I don't like burgers but they make the best veggie burger I've ever had.  Make sure to get the pickles appetizer, it's really good.  And all of the edemame are fantastic! Oh, and go for the regular fries with the pineapple ketchup--so good!  . . I downgraded one star because I've been here 6 times over the course of the past two years and never once has my order been 100% correct.  It's never anything major, but it's always enough of an annoyance that it needs a mention.  And I think it's kinda weird that they charge an extra $1 for additional ketchup for the already pricey fries.
The Kiki burger is the ultimate burger. I always order it cooked medium, unfortunately, it was medium well. This has happened in the past. Medium well really hurts the flavor, moisture and texture. Next time, I will send it back. I look forward to my next visit
Ok so when I heard of this place from my buddy Jon D, i had to go at least check it out.  And I would agree with him 100%, perfectly 4 stars.  Not quite 5 stars, needs better desserts.  Our table of 11 people had tried all the desserts and I would say that the custom pop tarts were by far the best.  The Portuguese Doughnuts were quite overdone and very hard and worst yet oily/greasy.  . . But lets concentrate on the positive shall we?  Well the service once you get past the long wait.  And in our case our table of 11 people, we were told that it would 1:20 minutes wait.  Any by reckoning, they had drastically underestimated the time, since it was Black Friday and there were so many people there.  But we got very lucky and a party of 6 people had decided to just bail and take off, so were pleasantly surprised at the short wait time of only 1:10 minutes. . . As for the food, it was as I like to say "pretty ok".  Nothing stuck out as awesome and nothing was completely a Fail either.  We had ordered most things on the menu.  Kalbi burger, Mr. Ho's, Peking duck bao, pork belly bao.  All in all a good list of choices available for you to eat.  Fries were pretty good.  Drinks were also good. . . Now for the one sour point.  Well i have to take a star away, as the service here was a bit on the leisurely side.  It could take them about 20 minutes before they would come back to get you something that you asked for.  This happened several times, no napkins, and also quite some time to refill drinks.  Now I will say that perhaps it was more the short sighted manager on duty, who probably didn't expect that Black Friday would be so busy?  But I think they were understaffed this night.  . . Otherwise I can't wait for the LA branch to open up in a bit.  I was just in the Sawtelle area of LA over President's weekend, and saw the sign that they were coming soon.  It was rather bitter sweet, as they took over from a small Mom N Pop grocery store.  But alas progress marching on.
Tasty, fresh, unique, and delish! Cant go wrong!! Try the Bachi Fish and make your taste buds happy!!. . Note, both restaurants can get really busy during normal lunch/dinner times, plan enough time.
Solid burgers and fries! Went here twice and this is what I've tried:. Truffle parmesan fries: ordered it both times :) the fries are your good standard size fries and was the perfect crispness but the aioli dipping sauce is what makes it! I keep the sauce and spread it on my burger too :p it'll make any burger amazing . . Burgers I tried:. Kiki burger. Blue and green burger. Kimchi burger (forgot the menu name but it had kimchi on it). . I would come again for the Kiki burger but the other two were solid as well. ( my fiance got the blue burger, and then the kimchi the other time). He enjoyed them both but I'm just not a big fan of kimchi in my burger nor blue cheese but they are solid. The best thing about this place is there meat to bun ratio... Sooo much meat... =). . I also had the iced jasmine tea with boba. I was lightly sweet with a hint of boba. I like jasmine tea so jasmine tea + boba = good stuff.  I have can sensitive sweet tooth from time to time so I actually had to add a little bit of water to make it less sweet, but it was still good!
This is probably my favorite burger joint in town. Only because of the asian influence on the food. It's amazing and service has always been excellent. They have a gourmet trained chef so the varitey of flavors keeps me coming back over and over. Featured on DDD. One of my have to go when I get out of towners.
Several friends told me to go here, so while I was in Vegas last week several of us hit this place up.  As we pulled-up, we could see the line that was already waiting which was a good sign.  As we waited, we surveyed the menu so we could speed-up our ordering process.  We agreed to order several burgers so we could cut them up and share them with each other.  Started-off and ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries and Oxtail Chili Fries which were awesome.  We ordered the Ronin, Miyagi-San, Spicy Miso, Kalbi and Black and Green burgers.  Needless to say they were all very good.  A bit pricey, but not like I'm going to order these every week.  A definite must try if you're in the area.  Service was also very good.
Truffle fries are a must try. The pork belly buns were very tasty. The kalbi burger was a little rare in the middle even though we ordered medium rare but rare beef doesn't scare me. The red velvet ice cream shake was great. The southern sweet tea was bad and for some reason pineapple and mint was in it...?  The music was upbeat and made a nice ambiance. There were plenty of servers and we will go back for another dinner.
What I love about this location is the hours. This location in particular opens till 2am, AND just minutes from my house. . . I was blown away with the service here, considering the late hours, Saturday night and the occasional drunks. The entire staff was extremely nice, my server (Joseph) was way nice and on the ball making sure we didn't need anything....loved him!. . The food was BOMB! I'm not a fan of craziness in my burger so ordered a plain and simple 7oz Bachi Burger. The angus meat was cooked well, just as I ordered, AND still was juicy. The bun was perfectly warm, fluffy and ingredients were just the right amount. . . Only thing about this place is the ridiculous add-on's. For these burger prices you would think they would come with Cheese, to the least. No. It's extra. Lol. . . This is my choice when I miss In-N-Out's 1:30am cutoff. :-D
Waited a little bit to get in midweek after 1 pm.  Seems to be the norm based on other reviews.. . Ok doesn't matter which burger you order, they are all awesome so i wont break them down.  We ordered 4 different ones and all were awesome. Salt and garlic fries very tasty. Truffle fries same story.. . Service was just ok.. . Definitely will be back when in las vegas
I've been here on multiple occasions and I love it every time! Asian fusion hamburgers done right! If you're gonna add asian ingredients, GO ALL THE WAY! Don't just add teriyaki sauce to the same patty you use for your boring burgers.. . Ronin Burger: I'm a loyal fan forever! The sauce that they give you just takes the burger to a whole other level. Dip it, drizzle it, drench it. Do it all and your mouth will reward you. . . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: Why didn't anyone think of frying an egg and adding it on top before?! So yummy, although a few times I've had it I could tell the chili has been sitting on the stove all day. But I'd still eat it, and definitely share it with a group because you'll probably get a heart attack from how much calories are in this bad boy.. . Banh Mi Burger: Those pickled veggies! YUMM-O!. . Mr. Ho Burger?: I forget the name because I took a bite from my friend, but I think this one has taro bread which is definitely interesting if you love mixing savory sweet. Unfortunately I don't, but I'd definitely share this with someone just for a bite.  . . Miyagi Burger: A little hyped up for my taste, but still pretty good compared to your average American hamburger.. . Pork Belly Sliders: I've only had this once, and we took it to go because we were so stuffed. Didn't eat it until we were in our hotel room, where it was cold. Still tasted good, but I need to come back to taste it hot!. . My sister also ordered the lychee soda also very good and interesting!. . If you don't love Bachi Burger, you definitely should go to In-N-Out and add some teriyaki sauce.
Edamame beans soaked in garlic, ginger, chili!! BOMB!!
So I dunno if you've ever been in a situation where you're really hungry and you're thinkin, 'Do I want a Burger, or do I feel like a hot bowl of Noodles?'  So typical..... I've been there on numerous occasions and let me tell you, I could ponder that fork in the road for hours...if only there was a place that served both..... Tadaaaa!. Well, it's not exactly one place, more like two places adjacent to each other by chef/owner Lorin Watada; whose fusion burger fame, 'Bachi Burger' has propelled her into Ramen game - the current 'it' food in Vegas.  Not that there can be enough Japanese fare in my opinion!. . . Hachi Machi, give me a Bachi!!!.  . Bachi Burger is a Japanese Hybrid Burger joint serving the American classic  with Japanese twists.  It's become the culinary zeitgeist to throw a bunch of 'Asian' ingredients on anything and see what whacked flavor comes out (yack) yielding moderate to disastrous results.  Innovation is great but sometimes you just have to go simple.  . . But when I feel like having something other than you standard Burger fare, I look to Bachi - the flavor combinations are nostalgic and the burger quality is pretty good.  Also, there's a proximity and it's open all the time (unlike the Foodtrucks that are sooo good, but just a scheduling/coordinating pain).  There's a previous review of Bachi - go ahead and read and you'll get what I'm talking about below.... . Did you read it? Ok, good. Just as a summary, they serve a lot of Asian style dishes as appetizers, Chinese Bao's, Chicken Karage and Edamame, so you get a harmonic blend of Asian bites with All American Burgers. And for a guy like me who has trouble deciding on one cuisine, I get a bit of everything like an international buffet..but with good food.. . . Truffle Parmesan Fries:. . Parmesan Reggiano + Black Truffle Porcini Cream + Sun Dried Tomato Aioli.  In my previous posts, I complained that I enjoyed what little gravy they provided for this cone heap of Fries that they stingily provide.. It seems that someone was listening; upon my recent visit, the Fries came with a generous portion of the creamy gravy that made those Fries uber luxurious and thoroughly fulfilling.  The Sun Dried Tomato Aioli does not work at all with the Truffle cream, however, since there is a portion of fries near the bottom of the cone that is not coated with decadent sauce, the Aoli serves a good condiment for those untouched by the earthy goddess.... . . Kiki Burger . . I've had the Ronin Burger which was pretty good, and the Black and Green Burger was amazing.  But my favorite is the Kiki Burger: an Angus Beef Patty with sauteed Shitake, Eryngii and Enoki Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Sweet Onion Marmalade, Gruyere Cheese and a Garlic Aioli.  When I first reviewed this Burger, my biggest complaint was that overabundant smattering of the Aioli drowning out the flavor of all the other ingredients, including the Burger.. . Well, much to my pleasure, they had listened; the Plate was served with the Aioli on the side, which could be knifed on to one's liking.  This made a world of difference, you could taste all the awesome flavors that this burger has to offer: The charcoal permeated through the Beef, which alone was satisfying, the Gruyere + Caramelized Bacon elevated the unctuous bass level notes, while the Sweet Onion Marmalade was savory and sweet. I added my own level of Garlic Aioli, just enough kick to spice it up before each bite....Super delish!. . . So, now it come down to the Battle: who won?. . For Appetizers:  I don't know, they both so different!!. For Main:          I can't choose - they're both sooo good!!!. For Dessert:      Bleah...... . There really is no battle, if you feel like having Burgers, ie. red meat, got to Bachi.  If you cold and need to warm up with a great bowl of Ramen with some great Broth, get yourself on over to Shoku Ramen Ya.  I love both of these places and it's always hard to decide each time I'm in front of these two doors!. . . . Bachi Burger                                                     . Ratings (Out of Five Stars)                                   . Food:         4.5                                                   . Ambience:  3                                                      . Service:      4         . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Always start off with a plate of Gyoza, it's like a cultural tradition of Ramen Shops to provide these half dozen, moon shaped crispy delights stuck together like little piglets.  It's always a little game to try and pick them off without ripping the skin, retaining the piping hot filling within its crackling confines.  As for t
I've been to both locations Descent service , burgers were very good.
My favorite burger joint in town.  Cutting edge flavors and high quality ingredients.  My favorite is he kimchi burger....never thought a burger could be that good!
Pretty good burger joint!! We had a party of 5 this past weekend. I really didn't like how they gave us a small table for 5 instead of combining one more table for us so we can sit comfortably. We ordered alot of food but no space to put it. . . [+] Ronin burger..yummm. [+] Kiki burger...mine was a little over cooked, but I like how they have shitake in my burger. I also like their buns. Its very "asian market" style buns.. [+] Pork belly steam buns...soooo fatty and yummy. [+] Oxtail chili fries + Egg....must get ....it is sooo good. [+] Edamame with ginger, garlic, chili....one of the best edamame I've ever tasted...perfection!. [+] Kalbi burger...soo good. [+] Truffle parmesan fries are good..but get the oxtail instead...so much better!. [+] Lychee milk tea..refreshing!. . [-] Banh mi burger...go get a real vietnamese banh mi instead. . [-] Fries with pineapple ketchup...its nothing special...and there wasn't enough pineapple taste in the ketchup. It taste like regular fries with regular ketchup with a pinch of pineapple juice. . [-] Strawberry milk tea..taste fake/wierd. . . I will definitely hit Bachi Burger up the next time I go to Vegas! Our bill was a little pricey but some of the items on the menu are sooo worth it!
Juicy Burgers and Huge until you squeeze down to eat...Fries and Guava milkshake sooooo good !!!
Went here on a sunday afternoon and the wait was about 45 minutes at around lunch time. I'm a out of towner so I decided to wait and see what was all this hype about.. . I'm glad we waited though, food took a bit longer than expected but it was crowded.. The wait was worth it though. The burgers were cooked perfectly to what I ordered. . . Fries were a good serving to share, and lemonade was pretty sweet, really sweet for my tastebuds. Watered down it was perfect!. . You'll spend 10-15 bucks a person if they order drinks and a burger and share fries.. . can't go wrong with that!
Finally another trip to Las Vegas.  And got to enjoy the Shogun burger again.  Absolutely loved the foie gras, unagi, and pear.  It was sooo good.  Wish I could say that about the service.  Ordered the Peking duck bun and after "reconfirming" the order when the server came back to take our entree order, a pork belly bun was delivered.  Then after correcting the order, the peking duck was uncooked and cold.. . Food:  4.5 stars.. Service:  2.0 stars (even though he screwed up the order, he was quite pleasant).
I truly enjoyed Bachi burger. I got a spicy miso burger with a wagyu beef patty and it was juicy and delicious. . . I also got an order of the Parmesan truffle fries and I thought they were just ok. . . My server was very friendly and I would recommend checking this place out if you want a fancy hamburger!
First time here, my mind was blown at how interesting and delicious all the food was. That was a year and a half ago. When I came back to Vegas recently, I made sure to revisit this off-strip place...I had good memories about the momotaro drink, ox tail fries, and delicious burgers with taiwanese style buns and perfectly cooked meats. I think my expectations were a little too high for the place after dreaming about it for so long, but nonetheless, they were still met! We ordered 3 different burgers and cut them each in half so that we could all get some variety.
Amazing Burgers. Get off the Strip and try them out.
Do NOT get the boba drinks here. All made w/ powder, nothing natural, tastes way too sweet and expensive! We tried the honeydew milk tea. Ick. . . Ok having said that, the burgers were delish!! . Bachi is located in a strip mall. Nothing fancy. We came on a Sunday for lunch, and had to wait bout 30 minutes for a table of 4. We ordered the Ronin burger, Kalbi burger, spicy miso burger, truffle fries and onion rings. . . The burgers were all pretty sizable and the patties were juicy and very thick! Very well flavored beef. I tried the ronin and the spicy miso first and I'm glad I did because the kalbi was VERY FLAVORFUL because of the marinade and the kimichi. The taste stuck a bit more in my memory then the ronin and the miso. But I thought all the burgers were delicious in their own way. The buns were nicely toasted too. The fries and the onion rings were good, with the onion rings being thinner and a little on the oily side. I really also enjoyed the sun dried tomato dipping sauce and the garlic chilli aioli. so addicting! . . Service was pretty good. It took a little while for the burgers to come out, but it was worth the wait. The burgers were very satisfying without being heavy. Great meal off the strip!
This place is cutely tucked away in a little niche! Upon entering the restaurant I was unfortunately not greeted by the hostess, although she was standing there speaking with what seemed to be her friend. (Who almost hit us with her car in the parking lot by the way) The servers there were superb. One rushed to the door after the hostess "ignored" us and sat us. The experience from there forward was amazing! Food was emmaculate as well as presentation! I definitely will come back here regardless of the hostess who was inattentive.
Premium burgers with lots of fixings at affordable prices makes this place a Vegas must-try!. . After hearing so much about Bachi Burger from fellow Honolulu Yelpers, I added this to my list of Must-Try's when visiting Las Vegas.  I've heard that the restaurant's owner originated from Hawaii(?), hence the menu's Asian and local influence.. . Upon setting foot in the restaurant, I noticed that majority of the patrons were Asian.  Not to be stereotypical, but it seemed like a good sign to me as a fellow Asian...haha. . Most of the burgers are very affordable, in the $10 range, though I did see a $25 burger which came with foie gras to justify its price tag.  The downside is that all burgers don't come with fries, which we had to order separately for about $4 per order.. . I think what makes these burgers so awesome is the unique variety of toppings/fixings you get on your burger:. . I got the KIKI'S BURGER which is an Angus beef burger with sauteed shiitake, enoki and eryngii mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, and garlic chili aioli.  Supposed to be a popular choice.  As a mushroom lover, this burger was pretty bomb.  Not the best burger I've ever had in my life, but definitely up there!  The burger was juicy and the toppings were delicious and offered a variety of textures and flavors!   And the bun was heavenly soft yet still with enough substance to guarantee proper bun to fillings proportions.  My only complaint is that the burger was cooked in that sweet onion marmalade which was tasty, but a bit too sweet for me.... . KIKI'S BURGER - $10 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=i_aUXCrIGFF8VPotGNsfnQ#i_aUXCrIGFF8VPotGNsfnQ. . My BF got the MIYAGI-SAN BURGER which is a grass fed wagyu beef burger with a fried egg, bacon, crispy onion rings, chili mayo, and furikake.  Also supposedly a very popular choice.  He really REALLY liked his burger.  I didn't get to try it myself since I was getting way too full from my own burger and fries, but it definitely looked like a burger any man (or woman) would love!. . MIYAGI-SAN BURGER - $10 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=i_aUXCrIGFF8VPotGNsfnQ#aMTZaqmcmkR_sifO0NEgtg. . We also got sweet potato fries and the parmesan truffle fries to share.  The truffle fries were pretty good but the cheese made it a little soggy.  The sweet potato fries were also very good, but didn't justify the price tag for me.. . SWEET POTATO FRIES - $4.50 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=i_aUXCrIGFF8VPotGNsfnQ#qcyiyggpwYcyI4XJdNihiQ. . PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIES - $4 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=i_aUXCrIGFF8VPotGNsfnQ#7erf_MxA6MMN-ueKQkzcUg. . Service was just okay, though I may be influenced because a bowl of ranch sauce bounced off the floor and some of the sauce got all over my legs, shorts, and in my BF's eye when the waitress was taking away our plates.  Obviously not her fault, but she could have been a little more accommodating about it.... . Bottom line, delicious burgers with unique ingredients and flavors!
Definitely a fan!! Went here last weekend and I must say the food here is pretty good!!! . . My bf and I shared the oxtail fries & the Shogun burger. The oxtail fries were really tasty!! You can kind of tell that the fries don't have the same flavor profile as regular chili cheese fries, but I wouldn't say that oxtail jumped out at me. Granted, these fries were pretty freaking good and I'd get them again...but the oxtail flavor doesn't sing. . . The Shogun burger ($26...pricey I know) comes with seared foie gras, asain pear, arugula, unagi (eel) and the angus beef patty. This burger was probably one of the BEST burgers I've ever had! The foie really put it over the edge for me. The foie was in-your-face delicious and the pear had enough acid to cut through the foie. I didn't really care for the unagi. I hardly tasted it at all so that was the only "ehh" part about it. But definitely one of the best burgers and if you're in a baller mood you should order it!
Service here is slow, but friendly.  Food is very good.
Wanted to stop by to buy some groceries during our vegas trip and Bachi was right across the street so we just had to stop by. We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries which was okay. However, the chili was pretty amazing. Meaty with a bit of spice. MMMM Everyone ordered an item off the burger list but since I'm not a huge burger fan, I opted for a specialty sandwich which I feel that they don't advertise much of. I ordered the Lonely Bird which was large enough that I was able to save a bit for dinner. I was also able to try a bite of the ronin burger which I would recommend if you love eggs and fried things lol.
No problems with service here. Our server, Dan, was super friendly and worked quickly to get us everything we needed. . . The wait was about 30 minutes. There were quite a few empty tables, so it seems like the wait comes mostly from lack of staff to serve all the tables, not necessarily from quantity of people.. . Food was delicious. We had the truffle parmesan fries, Kiki's burger, and the Ronin burger. Kiki's burger was angus beef, shiitake, enoki, and eryngii mushrooms, caraamelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, and garlic chili aioli. The taste wasn't as mushroom-y as I expected, was was nice. And since I love sweet and salty, the marmalade really made the burger. Ronin was angus beef, caramelized onion, japanese cole slaw, fried egg, and yuzu citrus aioli. Also, very good.
Great burgers at great prices. I had the Kiki burger, which was so good. I also had a bite of the Miyagi-San, which was fantastic too. Both were cooked to medium (perfectly) and the patty was super tender and juicy. The portion size was just right, although I ended up saving a little bit of it for the drive home. It was still delicious!. . Another must was the ox-tail chili cheese fries. I accidentally bit my lip and caused it to bleed when I saw it arrive, just to give you an idea of how good it looked. It's a little expensive but the oxtail is so flavorful. Best of all, the chili is not watery, which I hate!. . Can't wait to come back. Or to go to the one opening in LA!
the shakes are awesome and the burgers are awesomer
Very tasty burgers. Came here after we finished a trade show in Vegas. Overall very delicious burgers. Shoe string fries had several dipping sauces, and burgers were cooked perfectly. Want to try the miyagi-San and sho-gun burgers next! Heard this is one of the best gourmet burger spots in Vegas and was featured on the food networks diners drive-ins and dives...
I've been coming here since their opening day and every time I'm in Vegas I make it a  priority to eat here. The food is damn good and the service is hit or miss. I've been here when there as been exceptional customer service and I've been here when my waiter came to our table a total of three times and took 15 mins to get a lemon for my water. . . Lets talk food! Even though I complain sometimes about the service...the taste and textureof the food does help the situation. All their buns have a nice crisp outside and a soft, fresh inside. I'm picky about my buns and these are @DmagicP approved! . . Must have starters:. . - Peking Style Duck Steamed Bun (soooo good!). - Truffle Parmesan Fries. - Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. - Stir Fried, Garlic, Chili Edamame . . Daaaa Buuuuuuurgers:. . - Ronin Burger: The Japanese cole slaw, miso dressing, fried egg, and the yuzu citrus aioli make this burger so tasty! It's very flavorful and a simple burger. If you like fried eggs with your traditional burgers, then you will have no problem liking the Ronin.. . - Kalbi: It's Kalbi marinated with house made Kim Chee. I just love the taste of marinated Kalbi. The marinated Angus beef is full-bodied with a kick of their house mayo. The meat is tender and cooked to perfection. It almost melts in your mouth. This one is a nice one to have if you've never had Kalbi before. . . -Crusty Crab: If you love crab like I do...then you will enjoy this burger!  I like this one not only because it's crab, but the chutney sauce that is on it. I do like chutney and I've never had it with crab meat before. At first it tasted a little intense for me- the avocado, chutney, and tartar sauce but toward the third bite the mixture of flavors started to kick in and it ended up being very palatable.  . . Bachi Fish: This one is probably my least favorite. I do like fish (Alaskan Cod), but something about the mixture of flavors weren't pleasing to my taste buds. I might have to give this one another try. . . Dessert:. . - Saigon Cinnamon Bread Pudding w/ Vanilla ice Cream. - Portuguese Donuts w/ Coffee Gelato. - Chocolate Hazelnut Ice Cream Sandwich (Summer Special). . . Beverages:. . - Apple Lychee Soda . - Red Velvet Milkshake . - Strawberry Guava Milkshake. - Watermelon Boba Milk Tea. . You have to come here a few times to experience all the delectable items on the menu! Besides the strip clubs, clubbing, girls, and gambling...this is what's on my mind entering Vegas! Enjoy!. . . If you eat good food, then you will never have to eat bad food again - @DmagicP
I'm a fan but they need to work on their service :) but food is highly recommended.
Excellent appetizers, especially the chili fries and sweet potato fries. The burgers were all right, but not quite worth the price.. . The staff is friendly. Overall a good dining experience, but a little expensive for what you get.
The Peking style duck  steamed buns were great and also the Kiki burger and  garlic fries were great
as seen on DDD.. (diners, drive-ins and dives)..came here wanting to come so bad..decided to place our orders to-go..took awhile because it was so damn packed..for such a small place..i ordered the bachi burger..it was good, but it wasnt GREAT. Somethings missing, but i cant complain. On to the oxtail chili cheese fries..i must say, it was delicious, but i only had like two pieces of oxtail meat..but then again i was on one.. french fries topped with chili, oxtail meat, cilantro, and a fried egg.
I entered the door and was hit with such a wonderful aroma, I thought for sure this sis gonna be great! I'm feeling good about my choice and then I met the wanna be hostess. To say that she was rude and disorganized would not be doing this post justice.. Luckily the real hostess Stacy came to the rescue. She offered me and the hoard of people standing in what could only be considered a vestibule with one too many plants & too few chairs a cool drink while we waited. (Thank you Stacy) . Once seating became available for me to sit at the bar (about half an hour later) I was seated and given a menu. I asked the friendly couple sitting next to me what they would recommend and once they did I perused a little longer and then made my selection. I had the KiKi burger with a side of Truffle Parmesan fries & a coke. . I waited what seemed like a while but once my food came I was glad! it looked really appetizing and tasted even better!!!. The flavors were dancing on my tongue and had a rhythm all their own. It felt like a party in my mouth and I was thankful for the invite. :-D
Did the burgers live up to the hype? Yes - very well presented and cooked perfectly. Roughly a 30+ minute wait on weekend lunchtime. Drinks, however, were made from powder, and tasted like it too. My boba were also tasteless, unlike the lightly sweet honeyed flavor I'm used to in LA. $4.50 down the drain.. . 4.5* for the burgers. 1.5* for the drinks. . Come for the burgers, skip the milk teas!
When I first tried Bachi Burger I was not impressed, luckily I gave it another try. My team at work decided to get together and eat here one night. They were super accommodating, considering we took up almost the entire restaurant on a busy Friday night. I had the Kiki burger and was very happy with the flavor. I mean mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere, and garlic aioli - how can you go wrong? My husband and I split an order of the truffle fries and I was really sad I had to share. The fries are slim cut and delicious. I really enjoyed the sun dried tomato aioli that came on the side, in fact I found myself slathering some on my burger. My husband had the fish sandwich and it had really great flavor. The fish was not deep fried, but pan seared which was unique and the glaze on the fish made it really tasty. . . My only gripe is the wait time, since the place is so small. We recently visited and they had remodeled and made more seating. They even installed a bar/counter area to help seat smaller parties. I really like the new look and hope it cuts down on the wait time, either way the food is worth the wait.
Great burgers.  Truffle fries was only so so.  Pork belly buns was an inventive and delicious play on the traditional duck buns.  Will come back for some solid creative burgers, but not sure about the truffle fries...may improve with more truffle.
Went to this place when I was in Vegas with my girlfriends for a dinner. It was a little far from the strip, but we managed to get there. We waited about 20 minutes, but I assume that was fast for a Saturday night. We ordered the oxtail fries, Kiki's burger, and the Pork Belly Bao. My favorite were the oxtail fries, so tender and delicious and such an interesting take on the old chili cheese fries. The burgers were okay for me; they were interesting combinations, but I am just not a burger person. It's pretty spacious and the food is good.
THE FAMOUS BACHI BURGER!. . Been meaning to come here since I began my stay here in Vegas. Rumored to be the best burger and it did not disappoint. I don't know about BEST, but it did rank in the top burgers of my life. . . Right off the bat, service could be a lot better. There was a wait of 3 parties in the cramped lobby of the restaurant when you could PLAINLY see that there were 5+ open tables in the back. Our waitress told us there would be a 20-25 minute wait for a table of 5. So we went to the bar in the middle of the restaurant where there were at least 4 tables that could accommodate us... Sounds like a ploy to get us to spend more money on drinks! . . Well, it worked. The bar isn't the best. Drafts are a bit pricey, got a Sapporo for $5. But my friend got a well drink called "Kambei" that was DELICIOUS. It was minty and grapefruity and super refreshing. Highly recommend. . . So as soon as we got our drinks an empty table just happened to open up! And we were seated, 10 minutes into our estimated wait time... . ANYWAY, onto the food. I ordered/tasted: The Ronin Burger, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Ox-Tail Chili Cheese Fries, Truffle Fries, and Kalbi Burger. . . Ronin Burger: SO GOOD. I ordered medium-rare and it was cooked perfectly. Really tender and juicy!  . . Pork Belly Steamed Buns: Not the biggest fan of pork but the meat was tender and yumz. The buns though, were awesome! Perfectly steamed. . . Ox-Tail Chili Cheese Fries: These were amazing. My friends and I demolished them in 5 minutes. Meat melted in your mouth and the runny yolk of the fried egg made the dish. . . Truffle Fries: The garlic on this and the brown sauce was nommalicious! Def order these. . . Kalbi Burger: Took a bite of this from my friend and it was gooooood. The kimchi inside was clutch and the pickles on the side were essential to the pursuit of the "perfect bite". . . All in all, great food and well drinks. Highlights were the oxtail fries and the juicy & tender burgers. I'd recommend to a friend, but make sure your waitress doesn't hustle you with the seating.
Great fusion burgers service is ok. I didnt expect burgers which is completely american with  some asian flavors like MIso, Umami Sauce, cheese, Kimchi make it into burgers would be so good, french fries also has some twist garlic parmesan and  ox tail chili fries was a good twist.
The line is a bit slow to get through. The service is on the slow side, which explains the long waits. However, once you get in, the burgers are absolutely awesome. I had the Miyagi-san. Which seemed like "everything on it" type of burger. It was extremely juicy and tender.We did experience that they cook their meat one level above. I asked for medium and got medium well. We also order medium rare and the burgers came out medium.... so, try one one level bellow what you normally get.Not sure if it was the day or that's how they cook them, need to go again to check difference doneness. The sauces they offer for the fries are unique and quite tasty. We also order the ox tail fries... I want that ox tail stew by itself... its is quite awesome.
I can't tell you how many times Guy Frieri has let me down.  Almost every Triple D location I've been to has been less than ordinary.  However, Bachi surprised me with their delicious flavors and Asian influenced burgers!  They use high quality ingredients, but everything is entirely affordable...especially n Vegas! I went twice on the same trip.. . ---The Food-----. I tried the Ronin Burger (medium rare---$10) which had 30 day aged Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing!!! (dipping sauce regularly found in Shabu shabu), fried egg, katsu bbq, and a citrus aioli.)  The meat which is super tender, thanks to their "bachi" style of grilling and the combination of flavors are sensational.. . Another item you MUST get is their ox tail chili cheese fries ($12) which is in a different class all by itself.  Supreme layering of tastes that is indescribable.  I'm a lover of chili cheese fries too, and don't hand out these recommendations willy nilly.  I would not mind ordering this as my meal one of these days.. . Their oxtail chili cheese Bachi dog is delicious as well! But the size could be better for ($10). . My burger quest to find the best has stopped at Standing Room in Redondo Beach, but this place comes a close second...which is why it gets 4 stars.. . Bachi has three different locations in Vegas and the next time I go to Sin City, I'll be sinful and order more of their burgers! I encourage you to do the same! . . Extra Notes. Takes Credit Card. Long Wait...expect a 20-25 minute wait every time. Beautiful oriental decor. Great Service. Clean restaurant and restrooms. Many TVs . Small parking lot. Bachi, in Japanese has two meanings:.            1) its short for Hibachi which is a Japanese style of grilling. .            2) Its a word which means to treat others the way you want to be treated.
3.5. . I've been to their newer location and that place is definitely bigger. The wait here could be kind of crazy so better be prepared for that. Bar seating might seem fast but it is still quite a wait.. . The burger and fries are delicious. I go the Spicy Miso this time and it was just as delicious as my other burger I tried. It is definitely on my top 5 burger places ever. If only the service was faster. Maybe they should just let customers fill out a form and take orders like that. Seems like their system is pretty slow.
Bachi Burger is a definite must if you are in the LV area. The burgers and fries are delicious! I came with a group of friends and got a group of 4 to be willing to share everything. We ordered 4 different burgers and three different fries so we could get 1/4 of each burger and plenty of fries! A great idea. Got to try 7 things on the menu and only paid $25 per person! In total out group had 6 burgers, 5 fries and a couple drinks and the total with gratuity came out to $150. Not too bad if you ask me. Came at around 12:30 and the wait was almost an hour. It wasn't too fun waiting outside in 100+ degree weather, but it was worth the wait. . . ===Service===. . Melissa was out waitress and she was outstanding!! She constantly checked up on us and she must have refilled our drinks a good 20 times. No joke. She was very attentive and always had a smile on her face. Melissa definitely made out first visit to Bachi Burger enjoyable. Thank you!. . ===Food===. . Oxtail chili cheese fries w/ fried egg: The chili was delicious. You get that hearty chili with a garlic aioli and topped with an over easy egg. How can you not enjoy that? 4/5. . Salt and pepper garlic fries: Served with sliced jalapenos and cilantro. I loved the jalapenos since it's always nice to get a little heat from a dish. The garlic chili aioli was also flavorful. 4/5. . Truffle parmesan fries: Parmesan reggiano, black truffle porcini cream and a sun dried tomato aioli. The black truffle porcini cream gave it a nice, rich flavor. 4/5. . Shogun burger: Wagyu beef, unagi, pan seared foie gras, poached asian pear, miso butter and a Yamamoto peach. The burger had an excellent flavor with the unagi in it. It's a $26 burger which is pricey, but I'm glad I tried it. On the other hand it wasn't the best burger in my opinion. 3/5. . Kalbi burger: RECOMMEND! Angus beef, kalbi marinade, green onions, kimchee and ko chu jang mayo. My favorite burger here. I absolutely loved the kalbi marinade along with the kimchee. It reminded me of eating Korean bbq, but in a burger. Amazing! 4.5/5. . Ronin burger: Angus beef, caramelized onions, japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg and a yuzu citrus aioli. I was a little disappointed since I thought the yuzu citrus flavor was going to stand out a little more in this burger. 3/5. . Kiki's burger: Angus beef, enoki mushroom, shiitake mushrooms, eryngii mushrooms, caramelized bacon, gruyere cheese and a garlic chili aioli. I love mushrooms so I thought this burger was pretty good. You definitely have to like mushrooms in order to enjoy this burger. 3.5/5. . Overall, I was very impressed with the food and the service. I will definitely be back and recommend this place to my family and friends.
This would have been 5 stars for me, however the wait/service was a -1.. . We came here on a week night and the place was packed! Wait time was about 45min - an hour. The hostess, if you can call her that, was running around like a chicken with its head cut off: one minute she's taking your number, then she's busting the table, next thing you know she's taking orders at the table.... . We decided to take a seat at the bar after about 30 min of waiting. (Some lady had been there waiting for over an hour now for a table!) Like I had mention, the service definitely needs improvement. It was awhile before we got ourselves a menu, and even longer before our order was placed. . . When our food finally arrived, it was DELICIOUS! I am usually not a hamburger person but the Kiki Burger won me over! I love the mushrooms, especially the shiitake mushroom. It was so juicy! And the angus beef was also very flavorful!. . The only thing I can say is: Hire more waiters!
We both liked Bachi Burger. Wifey would give it five stars I'm pretty sure. For me, it was four stars. I had the pork belly sliders. They are great but very sweet. I think I would get a burger next time. ...Wifey had the chicken/turkey burger and she LOVED it! I tasted it, and it was really good! We split truffle fries - which were okay - but I'd try something else next time.
The food here is DELICIOUS! My husband and I are huge fans of DDD and saw this place featured on the show. While on our trip in Vegas, we had to make a stop here. We came on a Sunday around 3:30 and got a table relatively quick. We waited about 10 minutes. Not too bad compared to what I've read on other Yelp reviews. We ordered the Oxtail Chili fries and shared a Banh Mi Burger. I was in heaven! I loved them both. My favorite part bout the fries were the fried egg. It was like eating potatoes and eggs for breakfast with some delicious oxtail chili! My husband didn't care for the egg, so it worked out perfectly. I got the egg to myself. ;) The Banh Mi burger had wonderful flavor. If you've ever had a Banh Mi and love it, you will enjoy the Banh Mi burger. It marries the flavors of Asian and American perfectly. . . Before leaving Vegas, we went again. This time on a Wednesday at around the same time. Once again, we got in right away but there was only one server working and he was running all over place. There were about 4 other tables that he was waiting on besides us. I don't understand why it's so understaffed. I did notice what looked to be a manager (based on what he was wearing) and two other gals "working" in the back. The manager looked like he was keeping himself busy walking around and the girls were putting together silverware packages. This time, we ordered the Oxtail Chili Fries again and the Pork Belly Sliders. Fries were still delicious, but I wasn't too impressed with the sliders. The pork was a little dry in the meaty parts which made it a bit hard to chew and swallow. The flavor was good, but I'd rather have a burger. . . We will definitely be hitting this place up anytime we are in Vegas. There are so many burgers I still want to try! Overall, I gave it a 4 for GREAT food but so so service.
Saw this place on Diners Drive Ins and Dive a while back.   It looked amazing during the show so naturally once in Vegas, this was the first restaurant we hit up.  . Its way off the strip which is the first plus.  . The service here is a below par.  The first trip was just slow, and the second, there was one guy doing all the serving while two lazy ass girls stood in the back drying silverware and a guy in a suit stood and watched.. Now to the food.  The oxtail chili fries are the best chili fries I have ever had in my life.  The mixture with the garlic aoli and jalapeno's are sooooo good.  They put a fried egg on top which was ok the first time.  The next time we went I got it without the egg and found it to be much more appetizing.  The egg just didnt go well with everything else IMO.  The pork belly sliders were ok.  The pork belly seemed to have been cooked a while before we arrived and it was really dry.  The flavor was good though.  . Food gets a 4.5, but subtract half a star for the slow service.. Pros:  Really good food, positive and upbeat atmosphere, location, staff is friendly.. Cons: Service is slow.
Let me tell you...those oxtail fries are the best fries I've ever had! Hands down!  Yes it's crazy rich and I probably won't be able to eat this on the regular, but it was definitely worth the calories.  The banh mi burger resembles a banh mi impeccably.  The Ronin burger wasn't that special to me and forgettable.  I enjoyed the Kalbi burger and Banh Mi more.
Let me get a napkin and wipe my drool as I'm salivating. . . BACHI?  Do you know what BACHI means?  You going BACHI yourself... . Bachi is commonly used in Hawaii because of the strong influence of the Japanese culture.  (Go research it for yourself and don't bachi yourself.). . Bachi Burger offers  burgers with an Asian twist.. . People complained about service but our server was absolutely great and always kept my water filled.  . . Food: . Sweet potato fries with aioli sauce. Pork Belly Steamed Buns. Miyag-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. . The food was delicious.  What a great concept of Asian themed burgers.  . They seem to be expanding and I hope one day they'll be in San Diego or Hawaii. . A little pricey but to me it's worth it.
This place is awesome, well the food at least. (atmosphere is so-so) The burgers here are nothing but magnificent. With an Asian infused menu, all of the burger choices garner not so typical ingredients. I have tried 3 different burgers and haven't been disappointed. The patty is grilled to perfection and the ingredients are fresh. I would recommend trying this place. Price is a bit on the high side, but once you are finished you will not regret the price one bit.
Yummy. A bit pricey. Oxtail fries great but 11.50. Great overall. Would come back again. Service wonderful even though very crowded.
Bomb dot com. . Yes, i was hungry, but the burger's taste is quite special.. . Me and my friend both Got the Miso Burger  - ok so it's like 11 bucks. . Cut it in half and literally in 3-4 minutes, we were done.  It was an amazing taste for a burger.  Somewhat spicy, yet full flavor its hard to explain.  The egg was nice but the taste of the burger didn't really made the egg stand out.. . We were done so fast that the truffle fries made it AFTER we finished our burger.  Truffle fries was something to try - good but the burger was the star.. . Will try the ronin burger next time.  A winner!
I have been meaning to get around to trying this place out ever since I saw it on TV. The timing was never right...until now. I have to thank my two friends, Rob & Steph, who finally got me that elusive visit to Bachi!. It's not located too far from the strip. But definitely an area I had never even traveled, even living here 7 years. Inside, it had a nice clean, look. They were fairly busy for lunch, but the wait wasn't terribly long, 15-20min.. There was 3 or 4 burgers I wanted to try but I suppose I'll have to return to try them all hehe. I decided on the Spicy Miso Burger. I believe my friends had the Bahn-Mi & Wagyu cheeseburger. We also shared the oxtail chili cheese & truffle parm fries. My burger contained onions, shishito peppers, roasted garlic, swiss cheese, apple vinaigrette, a fried egg and spicy miso sauce. I loved the sauce. Little spicy, the subtle savory flavor of miso. And can't argue with a fried egg on any burger or sandwich, at least I wouldn't haha. Great burger. The oxtail chili cheese fries were also awesome, although it did cost twice as much as the other fries. The truffle parm fries I couldn't really taste any truffle. The Ramsay burGR truffle parm fries were definitely alot better.. Service was good from start to finish. I absolutely have to return to try more of their burgers!
When I visit family in Las Vegas, I have to eat at Bachi Burger at least once. Definitely one of my favorite spots to eat at off The Strip.. . The Shogun Burger and Ronin Burger are my favorites and I usually get the sweet potato fries or truffle parmesan fries to go with them. I also like the pork belly steamed buns.. . Each time I've been to this location with my huge family (there's usually at least 8+ in our party) the servers have been friendly and attentive.
The server overcharged our table for things that we didn't order. Attention to detail is important. . . The burgers are a bit too sweet. The chili fries dissapointed, looked great though. They need to put more fries and make sure the chili and cheese comes out hot and not luke warm.. . I would go back and try it again. The bread is a nice touch.
Came across this place on a whim, but glad I stopped in. Defiantly has some unique burgers on the menu. I went with a pork and beef burger with Chinese sausage on a Taro bun. Also had some mushrooms on it. Good flavor and the taro bun actually had taro flavor to it! Bad part of the meal would be that the fries did not come with the burger, everything is ala cart.  I liked the sauce that came with the fries. Would recommend anyone to come here that's going to Vegas.
The plus part of this place is that the food was delicious. Everything the waiter recommended was tasty. The only down fall to this location is when I was told the waiter dipped his fingers in someone's boba drink to taste the flavor because he didn't know which flavor was what. Our first Bachi Burger experience just went down hill from there :( Amazing food but .... :(
Found ourselves at Bachi after a long weekend, hungry for food that wasn't fast food,  yet not lemme-just-stuff-myself-silly buffet style either. Overall: love the concepts and menu but with a couple hangups!. . FOOD: downright delicious. Not gonna lie, I was pretty impressed. We ordered the truffle fries ($5.5) (medium cut, parm cheese, truffle gravy drizzle + sun-dried tomato aioli)...what in the holy hayellllll. This was so amazing! I could eat this literally as a side to every meal. The truffle wasn't overwhelming and I love the substitute of the aioli for like, Heintz ketchup or something. Very classy, Bachi. The Kiki burger ($11) was #1) cutely named and #2) cooked to perfection with the best flavor combo ever! I loved the bun, as it was somewhat sweet and pillowy. It had a mix of mushrooms, a bacon/sweet onion glaze and gruyere cheese. . . SERVICE: Not that great. It took a long time to get our food (30+ minutes). We were only 4 girls and didn't order anything out of the ordinary or massive amounts of food. Heck, the restaurant wasn't even that busy .. not all the tables were full, so I'm still a bit stumped why it took so long.. . DRINKS: The lychee boba milk tea was aiiiiight. Nothing special. They didn't put enough ice, so it was a bit warm and milky.. not really what I hoped for in 100+ degree weather. The lychee flavor was good though and not overwhelming.. . OVERALL: Satisfied, good for a try, not sure if I would go out of my way for this again, but if you do, it'll be a good choice!
Loved this place! I went here with my boyfriend for our first time and we just loved it here!
If I lived around the area, I'd probably be here very often and probably very heavy but YOLO (is that still the catchphrase of the day? lol).  We ordered:. . Miyagi-San burger:  This was pretty good! It has bacon, fried egg, onion rings, chili mayo and furikake (which is apparently a seasoning..thanks, Google).  After staring at pictures, this is one of the burgers you must try.. . Ronin burger:  This burger has Japanese cole slaw in it which I've noticed was just added slices of that red ginger you get when you eat at Japanese restaurants.  There's also caramelized onions, fried egg, yuzu citrus aioli, katsu bbq and miso goma dressing.  I've only tried this and the previously mentioned burger but this one was my favorite.  Actually, we both liked this one the best.  If you're generally not a fan of ginger (like moi), you will hardly taste it and you'll survive.. . Salt & Pepper Garlic fries:  I asked for recommendations on the fries and was told to get this one since it was the waitress's favorite.  It has jalapeno, sea salt/pepper and surprisingly more ginger than I was expecting, which didn't make it that great for me.  Get this if you are, again, a fan of ginger.  We couldn't really taste anything garlicky about the fries (and the sauce as well), but more of the jalapeno.  It comes with an amazing garlic chili aioli sauce.. . Truffle Parmesan fries:  We really liked this one the best (compared to the other fries).  There's black truffle porcini cream on the fries along with a sun dried tomato aioli.  I think we liked these fries mixed with the garlic chili aioli  together.. . Milk tea drinks:  These were THE most bland drinks we have ever had with its non-sweet flavors (honeydew and lychee) and too soft tapiocas.  . . For drinks, I was told that they do make their own beverages and I did see this one soda that seemed appealing (apple and lychee).  Other than that, we look forward to our next Vegas trip and we'll definitely be back!
Ox tail fries definitely good. Wait can be very long at times. Tried the Miyagi and Ronin cooked to perfection.
Awesome place. It can get crowded but the food and beer is well worth it. They do have a second location that does not seem to be as popular.
Packed on a Sunday - for two people - able to sit at the bar right away - service was prompt despite being busy - if you know what you want. Tried the Ox tail chilli cheese fries, the peking duck wrap sandwiches, and the green / black burger. Of these, the peking duck wrap was good but not as good as gourmet Chinese such as at Blossom - Aria Hotel, or my usual high end Vancouver BC Chinese restaurants. However, the burger was excellent and the oxtail chilli cheese fries were superb.
The food was everything I've heard about.. and more.  WOW.  Those burgers were amazing.  I couldn't decide so ended up splitting the Ronin and Myagi-san with a friend.  Both were great.  The pork belly steamed buns were wonderful.  Reminded me of the ones I had at Momofuku milk bar in NY.  The duck steamed buns were just OK, not as good.  My only knock on this place, and reason for not giving it 5 stars, is due to the service.  There were empty tables but our party of five waited about half an hour before we were seated.
Great place! We had the oxtail chili cheese fries for an appetizer- pretty good but could have used a little more cheese in my opinion. For my main dish I had the pork belly steamed buns. So good! I've tried  pork belly a few times before and it can be on the dry side, but not these! And the steamed bun itself was amazing. My boyfriend had the Kiki burger and it was also very tasty and juicy. The portions are generous here so come hungry!
Love the passion fruit boba and the sweet potato fries were crispy deliciousness! I didn't like the mustard sauce that came with it so much but they were yummy just plain. My shogun burger was disappointing because the patty was overcooked but the foie gras slab was generous and delicious. They offered to redo my burger but I didn't want them to have to redo a $25 burger so I declined. Later, since I couldn't eat the meat, I wish I had taken them up on their offer. Service is kind of spotty but the facility itself is hip and clean. Worth a try for sure!
My friend and went, it was delicious  The service was quick and kept our drinks filled.  The burgers were cooled how we ask for. We tried the Parmesan fries. They were hot and well seasoned.   Overall  a good meal. The price for two burgers and one fry was 47 with tip. That was a little high. Retreats thought.
Bachi Burger is a happening little spot that's off strip. The locals enjoyed it until the non-locals found out about it. Now it's a long wait, but the food is still great. The variety of burgers still amazes me.. if you're feeling like Korean, Vietnamese, Japanese, Chinese, or just plan American style, there's a burger to fit your taste buds. My favorite is the Truffle Parmesan fries and the Ronin Burger (a burger with a fried egg, yum!) We've tried the Oxtail chili fries a few times. I know some people rave about it, but I'm still not a fan. It just tastes like bbq sauce and chewy meat to me.. . . Overall, burgers taste gourmet and satisfy any greasy craving. Eat fast though, because people will be wanting your seat!
Okay 1 word sums up my whole expirience here. YUM! . . The bun on the burger tho! It melted in my mouf! The burger its self was a PARTY in my mouf! And their fries with the jallepeno slices on it YUM! . (I just drooled on my laptop) lol
Asian fusion style burgers and drinks. I liked tasting the new flavors, I thought it was innovative and interesting change to classic burgers.. . The only con I could think of was my burger [the Ronin] and my friend's [Kiki] both tasted very sweet. It was good, but a tad too sweet. I think people who enjoy Bulgogi will like these Asian style burgers. The only reason why I mention this is the burgers here reminded me of bulgogi because of the sweet flavors marinated in the meat.  . . I liked the squishy bun and how well it held all the ingredients together. Besides the dripping sauce, I loved how it did not fall apart and was easy to eat. . . My favorites: Tasted a sip of my friend's apple lychee soda, it was DELICIOUS!!!! I rarely drink soda but I really loved this drink it was so refreshing. I also really enjoyed the garlic truffle fries!!
Great service fresh food Great tasting kobe beef, a little to noisy to relax, but for a "gourmet" burger that's Not traditional it's the spot fries are great tasting garlic with sliced pepper pieces umm good spot for date nite
The oxtail french fries was amazing!  Go get it!  I might as well make some fries and put an egg on top because I suddenly have a crazing.  The burgers were excellent too.  It's a great way to start Vegas or end Vegas!  Go go go!
Excellent, very creative burger and fry menu. Slow service was the only con. Ordered the crusty crab burger but was too salty for my taste. The kimchee burger and parmesan fries were excellent!
Burgers here are unique and have the perfect combination of flavors. The wait and service is very slow though. The demand is just too high.
Finally made it here after seeing it on an episode of Triple D.  . . Ordered the spicy miso burger and oxtail chili cheese fries. The burger was good, definitely juicy although I ordered mine medium rare and it came out medium.  Wish there would have been more heat though especially since spicy is in the name.  The egg was cooked well though and I do love fried eggs on burgers.  The oxtail fries were okay, just chili cheese fries with oxtail as the protein.  Katsuhiro was excellent though, very refreshing with their homemade strawberry puree.  . . Service was good as well, will return the next time I'm in Vegas and am in the mood for an off the strip burger.
Great Asian fusion burger joint for Las Vegas locals. We had the Miyagi Sans Burger (flavorful and juicy), pork belly bao (if you love Vietnamese comfort food, it hits home), and salt/pepper garlic fries...all quite delicious. I will come back to try more. It was really cold in there and only one server at the time so service was a bit slower. Also they have craft beers and boba!
Pretty tasty burgers. But if you don't have a car and need to drive from the strip, I dunno if it's worth the cab ride.. . All the burgers were pretty good. Had the spicy miso burger which was rich and good.
Always great food. They have such a great selection if burgers that are all amazing. The Wagyu beef is phenomenal. . . You should try the truffle Parmesan fries. . . Also, try the milkshakes. They are wonderful either with your meal or as a dessert. . . Overall, you should try this restaurant. It is a very good experience. . Sometimes the service is slow, but overall the experience is always great.
Tried the following: . . Ronin burger -- Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ, and Yuzu citrus aioli.  Not bad but not spectaculareither.  We ordered the meat medium done but it came closer to medium well done.  Personally I think there's too much going on with this burger.  Too many condiments for my liking.  When mixed together, the flavors become confusing and messy.  . . Miyagi san burger -- Chili mayo, fried egg, Furikake caramelized bacon, crispy onion rings.  Delicious!  The meat was juicy and tender.  The burger was huge because of the layer of crispy onion rings.  Couldn't fit it in my mouth so ate some of the onion rings first.  I'm a fan of onion rings so this was my type of burger.  . . Oxtail chili cheese fries -- good but nothing special about it.  To me taste pretty much the same as any chili cheese fries, but just with some minced oxtail meat. You could taste a hint of oxtail but for the most part the chili flavor overshadow the oxtail flavor.  . . Overall, good burgers.  I I would come again to try other items on their menu.  Next time I'll try the steam bao sandwiches.
The fries are to die for...
Heard about this infamous burger joint first from one of my co-workers... then as I scoped out the scene here on yelp it totally made me become even more interested in visiting this place... finally during one of my recent trips back to the city of sin I was able to make my way out there to confirm the verdict... and guess what?  It's definitely a thumbs up!. . So what is Bachi Burger?  It's a similar concept to Umami Burger that is based in Las Vegas...  Let's jump right into the Pros and Cons... (My new ways of reviewing...). . Pros:  . --Great burger!!!  Had the Kiki Burger and it was off the hook!  The size is as big as expected from a gourmet burger joint so nothing special.. it comes a la carte so your fries will always be an extra order on the side.... --Great truffle parm fries!  Terrific flavor and definitely deserves a recognition!. *totally wanted to try the Oxtail chili fries but didn't get the chance...  The neighboring table ordered one and they literally killed it in about 3 seconds... can't wait to order this entree next time I'm visiting LV!. . Cons:. --Location is not too hard to find but it's not obvious either... ample parking though.... --Price is definitely on the higher side.. oxtail chili fries will be around $11 bucks so be prepared to pay for the food... for us one burger, truffle fries, and iced tea ran around $20... so it's definitely a treat more than anything.... --Not on the strip where I'm usually at.. but I guess that's ok... less crazy crowd I suppose.. . Verdict: . I will definitely go back!  In fact... my next trip I'm going to verify how delicious that Oxtail Chili Fries really is... and gotta try the Miyagi Burger too!  So stay tuned for an updated review coming soon!
Minimalistic review because I forgot to write it back in July when I went.  The wait to get in was nuts, even though most of the tables were empty.  This made my husband really cranky and we almost left, as we had a movie to catch.. . However, the food was good.  We liked the oxtail fries.  I had whichever burger they said was their popular sweet one.  I *think* it was Ronin but I am not 100% sure.  I remember thinking "IT's a 4" because I mentally review everything I eat, but I honestly don't remember details.  I do remember that there was another burger I really wanted to try next time I go though (I think it was the banh-mi burger).. . It wasn't as good as our local asian fusion burger place (LA Burger in Irving, TX) but it was good and I'd go back.
What can I say about these burgers that hasn't already been said??? Yummo!!! Ono!!! Awesome!!! Grindz!!! Broke da mouth!!!! All of these apply. Everything that we ordered was mouth-watering and finger-licking good. . . The oxtail-chili-cheese-fries were delicious, I could actually taste the oxtail! There were big chunks of meat, not just shredded.  Parmesan-truffle fries are an absolute must!!!! The burgers were cooked to order, and weren't overcooked at all. My plantation iced tea was very refreshing and a perfect compliment to the meal.. . You should definitely try this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok so the burgers here are amazing. And different from the average burger you'd get somewhere else. My faves are the black and blue and the miyagi-San. The buns are so light and fluffy and the patties are nice and thick. Service is hit or miss depending on the server- however I have to say the last time we went we had a really great staff looking out for us. The salt and pepper fries are amazing too. Overall I would recommend this place for a delicious and unique burger.
Finally I got to try this Burger restaurant. And what can I say, 'Yes, I am a fan'!. . I tried that Spicy Miso Burger... what a delicious burger combination! I will definitely go back, because I want to taste this again! Omg, it was so delicious!. . Everything how I think a burger should be! That was the best burger of my life. It touched all my taste buds perfectly. The meat, the salad, the cheese etc. everything is totally fresh, and tastes how it should taste. Great beef! . The fries were served hot, fresh, and crispy. Perfect.. . No more Chili's, Red Robin etc. burgers for us. Bachi Burger  -  I will definitely take all my friends there!. . Very friendly, professional staff too!
I went here with two friends for dinner. The place was pretty casual and relaxed, which was nice!  The food was delicious, and the servers were helpful and knowledgeable about the menu...Some of the items on the menus I had never heard of, and the server cheerfully took the time to explain what those items were, and to help me pick my entree.  The burger and fries I ordered were SOOO GOOD.  The only reason I took off one star is because there was a particularly odd fishy smell throughout the restaurant.  I'm not sure what it was, but it was a little off-putting while my friends and I were trying to eat.
This place is pure excellence!  The first time here we ordered 5 different burgers and split them all to share.  It's hard to recommend one particular burger since they all were so good!  But, I can recommend you order a burger with a crunchy element to it.  The crunch really topped it off for me.  That's what set it apart and why we try to always make a stop when we're in Vegas!
After seeing all the reviews on Yelp, I figured I'd give this place a try.  I love burgers and was craving something delicious.. . The restaurant itself was pretty basic. The normal strip mall restaurant in Vegas. It was clean but small.. . I had the Spicy Miso burger and it was good. I've had better at places like Umami or Plan Check in LA, but it was respectable.  The mix of egg, Angus and the shishito peppers with an apple vinaigrette was well done.  I'd probably go back.. . Also, they were out of Blue Moon, which I read in another review here...you'd think they'd be able to stock more beer, how hard is that?
I've been wanting to eat since Guy promoted this place on Diners, Drive In's and Dives over a year ago you can sense my anticipation coming here. The interior decor was simple, yet modern. The ambience was positive. . . Based on Yelp reviews, I ordered the Ronin burger. My wife ordered the Veggie burger. We also got some edamame, garlic fries and sweet potato fries. The presentation of all of the food was awesome. My burger was good, but all of the ingredients together made the taste uniquely sweet. I expected alot more fire and brimstone. I couldn't help compare this burger to the ones at Umami's, pretty similiar in my book. The garlic fries wasn't too garlicky, pretty mild. The dipping sauce was excellent. Not a big fan of sweet potato fries but my wife enjoyed it.. . Ourserver was great and friendly. He made sure to go out of his way to take good care of us. Overall, a hip and unique burger joint. I will definitely try their oxtail chili fries next time!
-----SPICY MISO BURGER-----. . -----OXTAIL CHILI FRIES-----. . Did I make it clear enough? . . I came here again just a couple days ago and tried out a different burger. You can read my previous review to hear about my experience trying out 4 different burgers and 3 different fries. . . This was my first time ordering the spicy miso burger and it was absolutely delicious. It honestly puts the other burgers to shame as far as flavor goes. A spicy miso sauce that's placed on the patty and the whole thing is topped off with lettuce, onions, sauce, cheese and a fried egg! Seriously, miso and a fried egg? How can you go wrong with that? It was so delicious that from now on that is all that I'm going to order. . . Also another plus is that Bachi Burger is open so late. They were open until 2am and the last call for food is at 1:45am. Bachi Burger is a must if you are in the Las Vegas area no matter what! . . **They are also opening one up on West LA for all the socal people!
3.5 stars for the Wagyu Ronin burger and .5 stars for the Oxtail fries.. . Friend was hypin this place up especially the infamous Oxtail fries.  Ordered it and expected a chunk of oxtail meat on top of the fries but instead, they skimped on the oxtail and it the oxtail was a chili base, so pretty much it tasted exactly like chili cheese fries which did not impress.  Even the fried egg didn't make a difference.  Manager was nice enough to explain the oxtail confusion and gave us an extra plate of the chili based oxtail.. . To make up for the fries, the Ronnin Wagyu burger was amazing.  All the toppings came together exceptionally well and you can very much taste the difference in the Wagyu beef when compared to your angus beef and what not.. . Now waiting for a SoCal location to open up.
I wouldn't have gone to this place since it's so far from the strip, but my co-workers and I were at a conference for work and wanted something good to eat. One of my co-workers brought this place up. So we all met up and took taxi. It was about a $20 cab ride.. When we got there we had to wait for 15 minutes.. We looked at the menu and there were a lot of things we wanted to try. . . We started off with Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries. It was spicy because of the Jalepenos, but it was so good and flavorful!! We also ordered regular fries which was mediocre and shrimp chips that reminded me of my childhood, which was a plus! . . I ordered a Thai Iced Tea at a burger place. I had better Thai Iced Teas.. Then I ordered a Grass Fed Wagyu Burger which had an egg, bacon, and onion strings! It was so good! I ordered it Medium and it was perfect! It was so juicy and lean.. . . The only downside about this place that it's far from the strip so we waited almost 2 hours for a cab to pick us up. There are no cabs in the area so who would want to leave the strip when the money maker is on the strip.
This was the first place we stopped in Vegas after we left the airport! Hands down the best burger I ever had in my life! Sorry I forget what the name of it was. But it had an egg on it! The flavor that this burger had was insane! And the perfect squishy fresh roll that housed it was awesome! We also got the Bah mi burger. The flavors in this burger were so intense! It was full of flavor and both were cooked a perfect medium. We also got the fries with pineapple ketchup which were hot and crisp! Also got the belly buns which were fresh and delicious!  The chicken strips were to die for for as well! When I'm in the area again ill def be coming back here!
Cool, hip ambiance with nice servers and a great decor. Food was good. The burgers have great texture and strong sauces with a big meaty patty.
Well its been almost 2 years since my last visit to Bachi Burger and it still lived up to what I remembered. ..amazing asian style burgers..Every place I had in Chicago always made me crave Bachi Burger..its definitely a go to place when I come to Vegas..Glad its still doing well and hope they can be around for a long time. I Do need to check out their other location next time.
Every time I come to Bachi, the food always taste great. I love their veggie burger! Yumm! I would give this place five stars if the service gets better. The last time I was here with my friends we got into an argument with the manager. We left the place very upset. But I will still come back for their good food.
ox tail fries were amazing, customer service was great, the meat was cooked on point for a medium well done
One of my favorite burgers ever. This place was pretty busy when we got there. I wish they were on OpenTable.  We also got Pork Belly buns which were good but small.  The service was mediocre at best and a couple people I was with got burgers that were either cold and not as they were on the menu.
The Kalbi burger. YUM. Good sized portion. Kim chee goes well with it.. Get here a bit early because the place does get a line. Definitely not on the strip but it is worth the drive though.
Yummy!  Had the Banh Mi Burger.  it was a teriyaki burger with vietnamese dipping sauce (fish sauce) with turnip and carrot (vietnamese salad) on the side.  . The Mr Ho burger was a hamburger made with lup cheong.  I think the banh mi was better.  The truffle fries were just ok.. . I gave this place 4 stars was the wait help and hostess could have been friendlier.  . . When we visit Vegas again, we'll surely go back to try other dishes.
Went for the first time and the food was simply amazing. I ordered the Mr. HO's burger and it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The only problem I had while here was the wait for our food. But that could also show how everything is cooked fresh to order. Will be coming back and would definitely recommend.
Right portion. Delicious. Great place for friends and family. Not too noisy and has good vibes. Would definitely go there again.
AMAZING burger.  The kimchi burger, that first bite was FREAKIN amazing.  My burger with the egg and fried onions on top was not as good- DEFINITELY get the kimchi burger- it sounds weird, but it was delicious!!!!  It's the most unique (and best tasting) burger on the menu I think.. . I actually ordered the pork buns which were disappointing for dinner, and after taking a bite of my friend's, decided to order a burger.  The pork for the pork buns was not cooked well, was super fatty (not as meaty), I would not get this again. The oxtail chili fries were good, but nothing extraordinary (couldn't taste the difference between oxtail and another meat), a nice way to start off the meal!. . The Kimchi Burger- the flavor of the kimchi, plus the meat, with a slight sweetness, was soooo good, a MUST GET!!!
Your cab driver will very likely get lost on the way here, but it's worth the drive. It's also almost worth the wait, as well - if you get there early enough, and you can beat the lines, then I'd call it one of the best affordable places to eat in Vegas, period.. . I decided to forgo future health and wellness by going all-in on the infamous Shogun Burger, with the foie, unagi, nashi, and miso butter.. . It was so, so rich, and I felt so, so awful when I was done. But when I was eating I had to constantly stifle my laughing, because I was so blissfully happy that I was eating something so horrifically terrible for me. I felt the juices from the foie and beef running down my face and fingers, and I couldn't have cared less. It was all so very right.. . But even better than there were the oxtail chili fries. It came with an egg, because fuck cholesterol, amirite? So good.
I'd def go back to eat their bachi fish burger. It was great and so tasty. Lightly grilled juicy fish was Japanese seasonings. . We also got the veggie burger which was ok. It was good for a veggie burger. It was different and had a little Indian type taste. Were pescatarians so .... I would get the truffle fries again as well.
This was my second visit to Bachi Burger on the way to the LV strip. Delicious, creative burgers.  I ordered the spicy miso and the parmesan truffle fries. The fries were honestly some of the best I've ever tasted.   The combination was great,  the food was well prepared and service was friendly. Will definitely go back in the future to try different burgers.
BACHI BURGER. Saw this place featured on Triple D, and when I heard it was burgers with an Asian twist, I was sold, and I made it my mission to try this place if I was ever in Sin City!!! It didn't disappoint, as the burgers were absolutely delicious! The oxtail chili fries are a must-have and all the burgers were yummy, exotic, and had a nice Asian Fusion twist to them to make them stand out from your average American hamburger. Come with your appetite, as the fries alone will fill your stomach!
Went here last year, everything was really yummy. My Toronto BBF recommended it and it was no mistake!. . The truffle fries were sooo good. The drinks menu was extensive.. . Excellent music!. . What was interesting when looking at their menu and their decor, was that the owner is from Hawaii! Cool! Extra points for that! :). . Recommend!!
What??  I haven't written a review for Bachi yet either?. . Their bread makes the burger. Of course, their meats are top notch, and the toppings are creative.  But the bread.  Oh, it's perfect!. . The oxtail chili fries... Must get.  . . And, their green ice tea has free refills.  And it's tasty.  Writing this makes me want to go back to Vegas!
The first thing you notice when you get here is that the parking lot smells of awesome grilled burger! And it only got better from there!. . Our burger was amazing. I didn't get the fried egg on top, because we weren't incredibly hungry, but how awesome is it that you could get one on top!. . We got the Kalbi burger and couldn't have been happier. The only thing that we weren't super happy with was the shishito peppers, we added them to the burger and couldn't tell that they were there. We should have ordered it on the side.. . Since we didn't get the burger with the egg on it, we did getthe Oxtail Chili Fries with the egg on top. It was really really good. The chili could have been a touch more flavorful, but overall it was super yummy!. . We will definitely come back here the next time we are in Vegas, and you should too!
Kalbi burger is my favorite, kimchi and burger goes so well together! I'd give this place a 5 star but the price had gone up too much, dislike.
Parking (3/5). Location is in an awkward area, its behind Subway, so its easy to miss. Easy way to remember is to turn in when you see the Subway.. . Atmosphere (4/5). This place is trendy and the atmosphere suits the cool fusion food vibe. It also has home modern art when you walk into the restaurant. Ambience is on a bit noisier side but its suits the burgers and fries restaurant vibe. . . Service (5/5). Service is excellent. When they were busy there is usually 20-30 minute wait. They will not sit you until everyone from the party is present. Waiters are excellent and they are not pushy. They will explain the menu and they will give you enough time until you have made your selection. Our waitress gave us a great service and took pic of our entire party upon my request. . . Food (4/5). Let me be very clear here, I am reviewing the food, but I am also reviewing the value that you are getting for the food.. . I went to this place for UYE that I hosted. I took pics of my friends food, but here is what I got.. . Kiki Burger w/ Fried egg ($12.50). Angus Beef patty, Sauteed Shiitake & Enoki mushrooms, Sweet Onion Marmalade, caramelized bacon, Gruyere Cheese, Garlic Chili Aioli and Fried Egg.. . The burger was very juicy and the meat was extremely tender. This burger is little bit sweet because of the marmalade. You can taste the gruyere cheese and the bacon in every bite. Getting an extra fried egg on this burger was a mistake on my part. I would not recommend it. . . Truffle Fries w/ pineapple ketchup ($6). This was disappointing, fries were not fresh and there wasn't enough truffle sauce on the fries. I liked the pineapple ketchup, it made the stale fries worth eating. I would highly recommend it.. . Overall (4/5), this is an excellent gourmet burger joint. If you want to get away from regular burger joints and try something new then this place is it, but you have to be ok with fusion food.
Bauchi burger is really good, for me however the burger was too sweet. But overall the burgers were good and juicy. I really enjoyed the fries and the oxtail with egg and jalapeno. :) amazing place to eat and I would recommend this to people passing Las Vegas to eat here :D
So this place amuses me. Why? Because the burgers here, are outstanding. I mean outstanding. There's a good chance you'll come, eat a burger and decide that it's one of the best burgers you've ever had. Among your top 10 even top 5. This is how I feel about the burgers. Everything else on the menu? Craptastic. I mean, just garbage. The coffee taste like water, their cocktail barely had liquor in it, the dessert like some supermarket bought concoction, it just goes on. So just don't order anything else but the burger.
This is our first Triple Ds joint and it did not disappoint. Great food and good service. Oxtail chili cheese fries- sweet, and savory oxtail goes really well with the crunchy texture of the fries.  Grilled Kurobuta & Arabiki Sausage- it was just ok. Pork Belly Steamed Buns- although pretty fatty looking but it just melts in your mouth, the hoisin dipping sauce is too salty for my taste, should be more on a sweeter side. The Miyagi-san's Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger- very good, soft and light sweet buns compliments the burger perfectly. Shogun burger- a monster burger with foie gras, unagi, and pear. . Overall a very good restaurant, will definitely come back to try their other stuff on their menu.
Still good in my book but I realized that some of the burgers are a bit off (so down to 4 stars).. . We had the Mr. Miyagi (needed some sort of sauce). . Banh Mi is still my favorite.
OK so we're in Vegas for Thanksgiving & while watching TV on the Top Ten best Burgers in the US #7 is in Vegas. So I'm Like "Let's go" :D of course because its on TV it has to be good... Right??? OMG Bachi Burger became our #1 burger spot every time we're in Vegas...
The burgers here do not disappoint! It was about a 30 minute wait to get seated even after the lunch rush. . . I ordered the Kiki's burger, which is perfect for mushroom lovers. They also allow you to add lettuce to it for free. The angus beef was juicy, and paired perfectly with the garlic aioli. This aioli is on the side so you can add as much as you want.. . I also tried their oxtail chile cheese fries and their pork belly steamed buns. Both were decent but nothing special.. The burgers here are definitely their best menu items!
