Mix Las Vegas. . When you walk into the lobby of the hotel. It feels very fresh clean and modern. Then you take the elevator to the top floor and the whole feel and experience reminded me of the Mandarin Oriental Tokyo.. . The space of the restaurant itself is open, modern, and fun. The balcony near the restrooms gives one of the best possible views of Vegas - spectacular.. . Now onto the food. . Breads. . Nice variety in the bread basket. The 2 butters I had were plain and home made peanut butter. The PB was unlike any PB I've ever had, so so good.. . Amuse. . Ok not great. Did the job but nothing to write home about.. . Starter - Foie Gras. Very flavorful and delicious. Of course, veryrich as well so I am happy they offer a half portion. Nice touch.. . Main - Chicken. . I was told they feed it milk and not greens so it is much more moist. And it was very good, not as good as the Jean Georges moist chicken that is my standard. But a very complete plate --- the cous cous, veggiesn different presentation of the chicken. A very satisfying dinner plate.. . Dessert - Mix candy bar. . Delicious (unless you don't like hazelnut). The bar paired perfectly with the gelato as well and the portion size was just right. Reminded me of the highly recommended hazelnut dessert at The Modern in nyc.. . Post dinner sweet -- Fresh madeline with chocolate spread.. . Nice touch and very fresh.. . All in all an excellent meal. Great value in my opinion as well. In fact, if you want to get a taste of high end dining, be full when you leave, have an amazing ambiance, do the chicken and a dessert here ---- at 39 dollars is about as good as it gets. Recommend.
Very good food, and great service. I felt like they were rushing us even though it was pretty empty. I had Butternut squash ravioli with a baguette crostini, fried sage and soft emulsion butter. Roasted Chicken with vegetable and raisin couscous with chicken jus.
Artful food, stunning decor and major views... excellent wine parings and a vibrant club. A great place to dine and party in true (new) Vegas style!
It would get five stars if it had a larger drink selection and better prices. But, the view is unreal and it is a must stop if you are in Vegas. The best view in Vegas!
Fortunately, a fabulous view and gorgeous decor can save Mix from what would have otherwise been a 3 star review. I had my bachelorette dinner here, and had talked to the banqueting manager to arrange a private room for a party of 18. However, when we arrived, we were a little disappointed that we weren't in any kind of private section, but instead, smack dab in the middle of the restaurant. Also, instead of having all of us sit at one table, they arranged it so that we had to be divided into three tables, which was kind of a bummer and a little awkward for some of my guests. We all ordered off a set menu which came with: chilled zucchini soup with fresh ricotta and basil, either the free range chicken with wild mushrooms or the slow cooked salmon served with apple mustard, jasmine rice, and seasonal vegetables, and the Mix candy bar which was basically a chocolate wafer dessert. Sadly, the dessert was the only redeeming course of the entire meal for me as I could barely touch my soup and salmon. First of all, what is with Vegas and cold soup? I guess it's because of the scorching hot weather out there, but still, I do not need to drink cold soup when I'm inside a perfectly air-conditioned room. Then after my brother made the comment "this soup reminds me of 2 girls 1 cup", it was definitely game over for everyone at our table. Also, from what I heard from my friends, the chicken was a little better than the salmon, but unfortunately, I ordered the salmon and had one bite and was so turned off from the overbearing mustard sauce that was poured all over my dish... I know, this is a lot of hating for a 4-star review, but honestly, I'm sure if we weren't limited to the prix fixe menu, the food would have been a lot better because the ala carte items on their menu sound amazing. Would definitely come back to try this place again with a smaller party and hopefully the food won't disappoint me again...
We spent a lot of time here waiting to get in. Not because they were crowded but because the woman downstairs was very insistent that they opened, "in 7 minutes." . . When we finally got upstairs there was no one in sight. We wandered around the backside of the bar to watch the sun set and found the staff still in their pre-opening staff meeting. The manager politely indicated they would be with us as soon as they were through. i.e. Go away, you'll get a drink when WE'RE ready.  I let him know we'd be outside when they were done.  . . Unfortunately, the patio is on the wrong side of the building to watch the sun set - but I guess we're there to see Vegas, right?. . Eventually one of the waitresses sauntered out.  I ordered a glass of Scharffenberger champagne.  It was a surprisingly reasonable $13.  Their other by the glass champagnes are higher-end and French with prices reaching $30.  Their cheapest champagne is $12 - one from New Mexico?!?  I've had it before and it wasn't pretty.   Gruet is served everywhere in LV, and I mean everywhere!  Sorry, New Mexico, but I have rules while in Vegas!  . . Las Vegas rule #5: no champagne from New Mexico!. . I would go back for the view (make sure you check what time sunset starts) and the drinks, but not management's attitude. . . OH!  And be sure to check out their bathrooms.  If you go early like we did you can see them both.. . I've heard the food there is amazing, but will check that out next time.
Perfect view of the strip while enjoying an amazing cocktail.  I can't speak for the restaurant, but I'd imagine it can't be too bad considering Alain Ducasse's talents.  Turns into a dance club at 10pm so be prepared to get your booty shaking by then.  The ambiance is cool and swanky, just like Vegas!
Club staff is not too pushy and very customer friendly.  Bartenders make the drinks very strong (not too bashful with the alcohol).   For the men, the view from the restrooms is one-of-a-kind (view of the Vegas skyline), while takin' care of your business.    The ride up the elevator is sweet !
i had a great time here.  free for ladies, 10$ for guys to get in on a saturday night on presidents day weekend.  Donaire was there partying after winning his big fight hours before.  Drinks were good, the music was GREAT... nothing like hearing old snoop and other music from the early to mid 90s.  the only thing that i hated is the stupid vip sections and the bouncers that eye you like they will kill you if you accidently bump the rope, but that is the case at ANY club you go to.
Awesome views, amazing ambience. The service was pretty good, not 5 star level, but not bad. The food was also very good. Great trendy place to go before a night on the town
I didn't know what to expect coming here to mix. I figured I was staying at the hotel why not come here for dinner as well. After all it was my b day weekend. Made reservations with the concierge earlier that day in the lobby. . . We arrived around 7 or so. Took the elevator up. The decor is really nice. All white, with glass ornaments hanging throughout the ceiling. We were seated right away. Ordered a few drinks for me and my date. Our waiter took pretty good care of us. And was on top of things for the most part. My date ordered some chicken with veggies dish. I ordered the filet mignon. Also had a side of Mac and cheese. My filet i gotta tell you was excellent. I highly recommend it. My dates chicken was ok. Nothing spectacular, but good. Mac and cheese was good. But I mean how fancy can u make it.. . In the middle of our meal, our waiter brought us some complimentary champaign. Which surprised me. Later he told us it was from our concierge that we had made the reservation with. Earlier that day. Which was really surprising. Considering I didn't even tip the guy. No desert. But the meal was just really good. I had to kick myself at the end of the meal because i didn't even bother taking in the strip view everyone so dearly talks about. Prices were exactly what they should be. Pricey but well worth it. I'll most likely make the trip here again. FYI I was here back in June 2k10.
A bar, over looking vegas?! Amazing view!. . A bar you should check out at least once, but not a place where you can stay and party all night long at.. . $20 cover charge after 10pm.  Ordered a double shot vodka for $24,. def a good deal, especially in Las Vegas, NV. Might I add, very generous in OZ count!. . Seating areas inside and outside of the bar, heating lamps that may over heat you and burn your false lashes, but the bartenders are willing to accomodate and turn down the heat. :) . . I recommend anyone to visit this bar at least once,.
This is my first yelp review so I thought I would start out with a positive one. I am reviewing the lounge only as that was my most recent visit. . . The view of the strip is amazing from Mix. There was not cover when we arrived around 9:30 on a Monday night. Drinks we a little pricey but the outdoor seating was open so we were able to sip out $15 drinks as we overlooked the view of the strip and watched the light on the Luxor move up and down the pyramid. This is one place you should stop by for a drink at night and enjoy the view. Bartenders were very friendly and generous with their pours.
came here for V day 2011 with the bf  and the only reason its not gettin 5 stars is cuz I got the stomatch flu(from eating at Mcdonalds on the drive to vegas) right BEFORE I started eating dinner!!! WAHHHH I was soooo sad!!!. . however what i did taste before I threw everything up was really delicious, the presentation and execution was flawless, great service too! . . It is a fancy shmancy date place so dress to impress gals! and get ready to empty your wallets guys! hehehehe :P . . make a reservation!
This review is for the restaurant MIX.... . We have been to the Mix lounge so many times that it was finally time to give their restaurant a try. We each tried their tasting menu with wine pairing and it included the following: . . Amuse Bouche . . Spicy Crab Salad: This was super fresh and made a great starter to the rest of the meal. The portion was great too. The Riesling that it was paired with was excellent as well. . . Butternut Squash Ravioli: served with butter emulsion and super creamy...probably my favorite dish! Another white was served along with it. . . Seared diver scallops: the scallop was excellent, however, I did not enjoy the citrus endive marmalade it was served with...kinda reminded me of sour onions. . . Rack of Colorado Lamb: it was served with piquillo peppers and delicious. At this point in time it was getting harder and harder to enjoy my wine, so the hubby had to start helping me with the wine pairings. We had already enjoyed a few at the lounge before dinner is my excuse! . . Pre-dessert: was more like a very sweet & tangy, frothy shake. . . Armagnac ice cream: a creamy puff pastry...took one bite and I was done! This one is served with a port and I'm not a fan of port so I passed on it. . . Service: Excellent! Our server was awesome and he even allowed my hubby to swap out his scallops for the lobster with no extra charge. We used a restaurant.com coupon and had no problem at all...it was definitely worth it. . . I was pretty happy with our meal here, but also pretty buzzed by the end of meal too! Overall, great place to enjoy a romantic dinner or for small groups.
Free entrance and a 64th floor viewing of pretty much everything north of Mandalay Bay...score!!!. . Didn't do the dinner here but came here twice on this random Vegas trip and got to do the club scene here up in the Mix. The drinks are pricey but it's worth a drink or two when you're out in the balcony looking down from the 64th floor of the Mandalay Bay. Nice and windy up there.. . And oh yah, plenty of different dj's throughout the night so you get a pretty good mix of music and dance songs to get your groove on on the floor. Seems the atmosphere of dress wear was also mixed but coming here somewhat dressy is also the preferred method of partying. But again, there is mix of both dressy and casual dressing throughout the evening on both my visits here.. . Everywhere is pretty dark. Seating is usually reserved or if you got the bottle service, so if you come here early...like 11pm, then maybe you might get some seating. Otherwise it's pretty much standing room only everywhere you go. The urinal is cool but awkward since there is view of the outside from the 64th floor but at the same time, you're looking directly ahead at another set of urinals from across the hotel so there is a good chance you're making eye contact with a dude pissing at the same time.. . Pretty awesome views, the people aren't trashy or anything, seems more sophisticated, varying music throughout the night and plenty of security everywhere. Yah, this place is cool.
Came here with my boyfriend to experience the best view in Las Vegas. Located at the top of Mandalay Bay, it definitely has one of the most amazing views I've seen in Vegas. I was most impressed with the decor of the lounge and the ambiance was pretty laid back even though it seemed classy. The food was fantastic, must try the braised wagyu, it literally falls apart with your fork, amazing! The only thing that was disappointing was the seating we thought we made reservations for. We hoped to get patio seating with our reservation but they denied our request. But still a good view and I'd still recommend checking it out.
Came here to enjoy the lounge, drinks and view on an impromptu anniversary getaway. . . The view: awesome. 5 stars. Very few places in Vegas can give you this all-encompassing view (the only thing that screws it up a bit is the City Center blocking the Bellagio).. . The drinks: expensive but tasty. We came here for the company, view and ambience, not the drinks. With that said, the drinks were tasty but both my wife and I are too cheap to buy more than 1 each (which we felt like would be the minimum). . . The scene: we came on a Tuesday evening knowing that it would be empty and quiet (which is what we wanted - we're getting old!) And I believe this enhanced the view and the experience. . . I can imagine this place getting really dense/tight/crowded on the weekend (I would probably stay away). But if we're in Vegas mid-week, we would probably come again.
Impressive... everything from the views to the interior design and food. Stellar views of the strip from the lounge but the dining room's decor does not disappoint either as it was the opposite view of the strip. Highly recommend the seared duck foie gras which was heavenly melting in our mouths. We also had the pepper crusted bison tenderloin and the red snapper thai ginger dishes. Presentation and tastes were perfect. A truly memorable experience!
I love the Mix Lounge; it is my favorite spot in town!  First, if you are hotel guests then the cover is free.  Even if you are not hotel guests, you might be able to convince the guy to get you in for free (if you go before 10pm).  The views at the rooftop are amazing, there is an outdoor patio area where you can smoke, drink, and chill.  Indoor tables are open to all guests, just grab a seat and order drinks.  There is also a mini dance floor with clear glass windows overlooking the strip.  The bar is small, but drinks are served quickly and the prices are much better than going to any club.   I like the fact that there are open tables which don't require you to pay an arm and leg to reserve.  Drink prices are reasonable and the views are nice!   Overall, it's a great spot to grab a drink and enjoy a nice conversation with friends.
Met some people who got bottle service here.  I show up and it looks like the three of them went through 2 bottles...one of the guys said it cost him about $1300 total for everything.. . Amazing, breathtaking view of the strip.  The elevator ride up is something to see as well.. . The DJ was alright - played some good hits, but also some old trendy ones.  The dance floor wasn't that packed....it would've been better if there were more people there, probably at about half capacity on a Saturday night.. . Also, there's no dress code...you can get in with sneakers.  I would come here again if I was in the area
Ambiance is on the spot.. . Service is top-notched... except when they get a little too busy, but servers are always friendly and accommodating.. . Try their tuna tar tar.  They're served with taro chips, which were light and savory.  You should eat the mango bits separately though, because it kinda overpowers the tuna.. . Foie gras always melts in your mouth like butter.  . . I got the halibut with parmesean foam the last time I visited.  It's a very light and interesting way to taste cheese.  I liked it a lot.  Portions are good enough to satisfy, but you won't catch yourself overeating.. . Restaurant.com coupons make this a pretty good deal too!
The mix was a restaurant i never knew existed until a recent trip.  . . The restaurant was open and inviting.  The light white was a nice change to the usual darkness of lots of other restaurants.  We sat at a nice round table that was big enough for our party of six.  However, the room did not absorb the noise very well and at times, it was hard to hear the other across the table during our conversations.. . The food was delicious.  I had the sea bass as an entree.  It was firm and flaky with a delicious buttery taste.  I tasted my wife's filet and it was very tender and cooked perfectly.. . The service was very attentive and professional.  They came by frequently but they were not intrusive.. . The view of the strip was amazing from this spot.
We stayed at TheHotel, and naturally went upstairs to Mix. . . The view is absolutely breath-taking at night.. . Our server were extremely kind, even on a busy night. Cocktails were delicious and made with an even hand. They packed a punch, but were delightful. . . It is a great place to begin your night.
Simply put!  MIX is Awesome!!! The view of the strip at the top of "The Hotel" is breath taking. A great place to propose to your future significant other... . . Great place to go after work for cocktails and appetizers and it is easy to get too unlike the other strip properties.  Service is average which can be improved upon.
This a review for the lounge only.. . Mix is one of my favorite spots. It's at the top of The Hotel (at Mandalay Bay) and the strip views at night are the best (the same can be said about Foundation Room - also at Mandalay Bay)! Breath taking.. . I've been here several times and I love that it is a mini club. It's not as loud or crowded. There are tables available for purchase (and there is a huge price per bottle per Vegas norm).. . There is a fully stocked bars and very friendly bartenders. So friendly that if you get there early enough, the bartenders will treat you like royalty (drinks knocked off your bill and when the place gets busy, they come straight to you).. . What is also awesome about this place is the bathrooms. I am not sure if this is true for the men's room as well, but the ladies have strip views. You can see out them, but not in them (think like police questioning rooms - as seen on TV). Taking a tinkle here is worth it.. . The only thing that stinks about this place are the douchey security guards. You're a fucking rent a cop, calm down. They weren't rude to me, but they were rude to my friends because our group would sit too close to another groups table (the other tables didn't mind). I got ejected for calling him a rent-a-cop, whatever; jerk can't handle the truth. . . Mix Lounge is a wonderful, fun place to hang out with friends. Awesome views of the strip, a small, intimate place with a decent sized dance floor and beautiful people. I also like that the crowd her is a little older. None of that 21 year old prosti-tot drama.. . Get in the MIX!
The food is ok but the portion sizes are small and the average cost of an entree is about $50. The view is pretty so it's worth going up and having a look. I think next time I'll eat somewhere delicious and just come here for the bar/lounge.
For the lounge..... . Located in Mandalay Bay, my friend Dj Icy Ice was spinning the Pacquiao after party here so we scored free entrance and no wait in the line.. . This place has more of an intimate setting, which is a great if you want to take a break from the crazy clubbing.  Cool vibe, decent size interior, dim ambiance and the best part an awesome view of the strip from the 64th floor.  Outside there is a small patio.  Inside, there is a small dance floor, the bar and some seating.  We were able to snag some seats but I think most of it is reserved for bottle service.  The music was awesome, a few dj's rotated and mixed a lot of hip hop and old school beats.. . Another cool thing about this place is it's both dressy and casual.  Casual meaning maybe a pair of jeans and a cute top, not your juicy velour suit.  Guys were wearing jeans, a t shirt with some cool kicks. Didn't see a bunch of drunk skanks falling all over the place or shady guys all up in our faces, so that was a plus.   . . So I recommend checking this place out if you're looking for an alternative to the club scene.
Incredible view and atmosphere. The food is inventive and very french
Gretchen T was right--the views are spectacular on the 65th floor.  Hello Vegas!  This was our Splurge Dinner during a fun three nights in Sin City.  We dropped in there after a spectacular Michael Grimm (you don't know him, but you will) concert.  I was hoping they would merit 5 stars--and some things were--but... some weren't.. . The ambiance was remarkable.  So, let me remark.  Thousands of blown glass balls strung in a gorgeous piece of art greet you at the entrance.  Cue the view.. . The wine by the glass list was disappointingly brief, but the quality was strong.  The prequels of bread and salad were NOT delicious.  And service was inattentive from some staff and uberattentive from others.. . HOWEVER, things got rolling with the entrees.  The bison was one of the best pieces of meat I've ever had.  Flavorful.  Lean.  Delicious in it's peppercorn sauce.  My date LOVED her cod and said it was one of the best things SHE's ever had.  Things were looking up.. . The rocky road ice cream was aiiight, but the complimentary fresh-baked madeline's were aMAzing and just sweet enough.  Which, it turns out, is something they have in common with my date.  . . Yum.
We went to MIX for our wedding anniversary dinner after watching Lion King. The timing can't be more perfect if you can catch the 4pm Lion King and start dinner at MIX by about 7pm.  The view of this restaurant is absolutely breath-taking. It'd be nice if the weather is warmer so you can dine outside. We sat by the window and had a fantastic view. The staff and our server were all nice.  They, for some reason, all spoke with a weird accent. It is difficult to understand at times as if I am in a different country. Oh well, we ordered a pumpkin soup, scallops, cod, mac&cheese side, and chocolate souffle. I liked everything but the scallops. It is a little too salty and the scallops are rubbery (it's kinda my fault to have them cook the scallops well), but they still shouldn't be so salty.  The Cod was cooked really well and well-seasoned. Mac & cheese is rich and creamy! Overall, we like the food and the service. Just the view itself well worth the money.
MIX , to me is a place you REWARD yourself, for great food, fluid ambiance and thumbs-up service!. . This is the very first time I spent 110/person for dinner, I knew it before we went there, a bit butterfly since I always have a doubt of the so-called"modern American" plus a French twist.. . Well, I am glad my attempt was proved to be a unforgettable night!. . I picked :. . Tuna Tartar as the starter. Lobster Au Curry as the main course. House special cheese cake for savory dessert. . . I would say, honestly, all of the three stood out with nice surprise and consistent quality! . . Fresh, juicy, rich flavor for all the protein I chose. The texture is so important when I pick sea food since you can overcook them just in seconds. My lobster was so tender and tasty while not overpowered by the curry sauce around. Not easy at all! When the plate came I was like:" wow ,it is small", then I realize there was 4 or 5 piece of lobster meat without any shell, side veggie or so, PURE LOBSTER MEAT BITE, oh, sorry, a small portion of risotto, which adds more change of texture. I was full after the entree, I was happy like I was  in heaven!. . All my co-guest were happy with their choice such as Prime Rib and Lamb chop.. . Yay, Las Vegas will continue drawing me back since it is indeed the battlefield of sensational food, i The dinner at MIX is definitely a high-note of this trip!
Celebrated New Years Eve here, amazing view of the entire Strip and all the fireworks. Good crowd and service from the bar.. .  DJ wasn't all that great .Please let "Auld Lang Syne" finish playing for a minute without mixing in Skrillex or Lil wayne samples..... . 4/5
First dinner of the New Year @Mix. We came for the view and the food and the restaurant did not disappoint.  . . A private glass elevator takes you directly to the top while you enjoy the view on the ascent to the 65th floor. It was a little confusing arriving in the dark and walking thru a long bar/club area and then past the kitchens before we were greeted (a hostest was not present at the booth either so we were confused on where to go). However, we did eventually find our table. The decor is a curtain of glass bubbles with white and red accents.  This place looked ready for a great valentine's day date. . . Our cheerful and friendly server arrived soon after we were seated in our booth and was eager to please us. Throughout our service, he provided detailed descriptions about the dishes and knowledgeable explanations about how each entree was prepared.  He was as excited talking about the food as we were to try it!. . We started with the crab salad.  It had all my favorite ingredients (fresh crab, avocado, cilantro, cucumber, etc) but there was a lingering bitter aftertaste that we could not place. It distracted from the flavors of the dish and we were ready to move on to the  next course.. . For the main course, I tried the rack of lamb/tenderloin with a tian of eggplant.  The lamb was so flavorful and tender (prepared seared and then sous vide) on a bed of caramelized onions with tomato and the eggplant, tomato tian was bursting with fresh flavor that complemented the lamb well.  My husband ordered the atlantic seabass in a shellfish sauce.  Also well prepared (seared and then baked) with melt in your mouth flavors. . . Every meal should end on a sweet note and Mix reserves a whole page of their menu just for dessert!  I ordered the profiteroles for one.  It's 6 mini cream puffs served with some homemade chocolate sauce and a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.  It reminded me of a "deconstructed" eclair. My husband opted for the signature mix candy bar. Covered in chocolate with gold leaf and delicate wafer thin slices inside - it's a candy bar to eat with a fork, if only to savor it a little bit longer. The lime coconut sorbet that comes with the candy bar is more lime than coconut and provides a tart contrast (maybe too much) to the delicately sweet candy bar.  Compliments of our server, we received another delight with a freshly baked lemon madeleine (served right out of the pan) to dip in chocolate spread to top off our evening. . . As you stroll along on your way out, there are bathrooms tucked away just before the elevator. In the ladies room, two of the stalls have floor to ceiling windows for you to gaze outside as you go about your business (I'm told there's a similar set up in the men's room).  It takes a moment to remind yourself that it's one-way glass and what you really came to the ladies room to do. . . All in all, dinner at Mix was a great start to the new year. . . Summary: Delicious food, awesome views, great service. Definitely would recommend to a friend and we will return again.
Perched high upon the 64th floor of The Hotel, the only way to access MIX is via a high-speed glass elevator that has only two possible stops - level 1, and level 64.  The quick, drastic elevation change plugs my ears a little bit every time.. . The night view (it's only open for dinner) of the city and south end of the strip is pretty fantastic from both the dining and lounge areas, and the lounge includes an outdoor patio.. . This 1 star Michelin-rated (in addition to other awards) dining experience offers a medium sized American/French based menu.. . I enjoyed the roasted duck breast with fig as my entree.  It was tender, rich, tasty, and surprisingly filling for such a small portion.  This could also be a result of filling up on the (free) bread with butter and peanut butter that is included, and from boozing beforehand.. . Reservations are strongly suggested.  Unless it's a slow night (which is not the norm), you're not getting in without them.  Also, plan on making the reservations many hours (if not days) before your dinner.  I've been denied on more than one occasion by procrastinating until the 11th hour.. . Because it's Vegas, you can get away with moderately casual dress.  However, this is a very high end restaurant where dressing up would be more than appropriate.. . Plan on spending somewhere between $40 to over $100 per person for food alone depending on your hunger level and tastes.. . Surprisingly, MIXX offers a generous discount at Restaurant.com -  http://www.restaurant.com/rdc/mandalay-bay-resort-mix-in-las-vegas-las-vegas-french-restaurant-rid=357835.  Search Fatwallet.com for a promo code to get the Restaurant.com $50 certificate down to around $5 or less.. . Finally, by dining at MIXX, you're free to enter the lounge/club afterwards and avoid the cover charge.  Although it looked interesting, there was money to be made at the poker tables below, so I opted out of dancing and drinks with the ballers.
We went on  a weekend evening.  The restaurant is located on a high floor with a a nice view of Las Vegas. You check in at a desk on the main floor and ride the elevator to the restaurant exiting into a dark area. You need to navigate through the dark bar/lounge area to get to a well-lit restaurant dining room.  The service was excellent.  The lobster au curry was also excellent.  There is an extensive wine list as well.
Portions are small but the restaurant is so beautiful and special. Great for special occasion, anniversaries and bachelorette parties. Have a glass of wine of the out Door patio at mix lounge. Stunning views and beautiful atmosphere. Yeah the food is pricey and small but very thoughtful and delicious. If you find go for dinner just go for a drink. On a side note the bathroom with the toilet facing the strip is pretty awesome!
Great views of the strip from the top of theHotel.  Interior is very modern and clean... and very different from the lounge/bar area.. . Ordered the Lobster Curry and Sea Bass which were very tasty.  Only wish there was a bit more curry sauce with the lobster.  The sides of asparagus and mac and cheese were also pretty good but the mac was a little out of place with the rest of the classic French menu.  An experiment in trying to mix classic French with casual American within the meal was not successful but each dish was tasty on its own.. . I'd stick to going with one or the other for the entire meal.
Fabulous view! Worth going out of your way. Had cocktails not dinner. They were okay, nothing exceptional. Good music choices on the sound system. Nothing live on the Wed night we visited.
This is the number one place to have a drink for a spectacular view of Vegas. We have even gone to Mix with residents of Vegas and they were shocked at the magnificent night time views. Service is good and the drinks are fun. It's not cheap but it shouldn't be with that view. Also-check out the bathrooms, they are a trip ( I have only heard about the ladies room). You HAVE to go for the evening view at least once.. . The only reason I did not assign 5 stars is the following: It was a chilly night and Mix does have kerosene heaters near the tables. When we asked the manager to light ours up, he said he could not because there was not enough fuel to keep it lit though the entire night and he needed it  later for the "club crowd." That is a bad answer-At $16-$20 a drink you can buy more fuel. He did come through with some blankets for the women in our group though.
Best bathroom in Vegas! We wandered to MIX because a promoter sent us up.  It was early in the night, but the staff was nice and the view was amazing.  Sorry to the woman we scared in the bathroom by demanding you use the end stall, but the floor to ceiling windows were amazing!
This review is strictly on the Lounge, not the restaurant (they should probably be categorized separately):. This place is a mystery to me. It has a phenomenal view of the strip and a cool vibe inside yet every time I am there its pretty empty. Maybe I am going on the wrong nights, maybe at the wrong times, but for as many times as I have gone up there I find it hard to understand how it's always so empty. The view is everything for me. It brings MiX from an average lounge to a 4 star lounge. It could use some T.L.C. and I'm not talking about the R&B group ("creep" is their best song by the way).. It needs a refresh inside and I wish the patio was a bit wider. It's a shame to have that beautiful view and such a small patio (advantage Foundation Room). The decor and furniture is modern and fun but could also be updated a bit. The black paint inside could definitely be updated and changed to something more friendly and appealing.. They have a relatively small dance floor but it is encased by floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip so I would say that makes up for it.. I don't really know what else to say here. I never really stay very long when I go to MiX. It's usually just drop in for a drink and take in the view to show some friends in town and then go on to another place. I had a hard time giving them 4 stars but I feel that 3 is too low. It's a shame because it has 5 star potential. I really hope that they invest some money into improving or re-branding MiX.
This place was the start to an amazing birthday weekend extravaganza!  On Saturday night, we came here to enjoy the dining experience, as my friends had a gift certificate from restaurant.com.  . . The experience started when you walked into the elevator.  This restaurant is at the top floor of Mandalay Bay and only accessible by elevator with glass walls looking over the strip and airport as you ascend.  We walked through the bar area and found the podium hidden around the corner.  We were originally sat at a round table next to a big pillar opposite of everyone else in the restaurant, so we asked to move to a table with a view.  They did have a sense of urgency in moving us, however, ended up putting us further to the back of the restaurant by window with a view of NOTHING!  Not to be particular, but it was my birthday, so my friend asked the server to move us again with a view of the strip.  We were then taken outside on the last table in the back. Our view was of the airport (meh...) and the hostess walked away and grabbed a server and whispered something to him. This hostess was a lady with greasy mullet with a very "stand off-ish" vibe.  No bueno.   Aside fromthis, here's what we got:. . I got the rack of Colorado lamb for $39.  It was cooked medium and perfect!  Served with eggplant and lamb au jus.  The flavors meshed well together.  Light, yet savory.  My friends had the braised wagyu (for $34) served in a small pot, with a flavorful gravy and veggies.  The wagyu was fork tender and AH-MAZE-ING!  My other friends had the venison and the ribeye.  Although I didn't try it, they seemed to enjoy the meal as well.  We also ordered three side dishes: 2 mac and cheese and french fries.  The fries were crispy and nicely seasoned, however the mac and cheese, serve with ham, was "on point!"  So cheesy, so flavorful, so good!!  All in all, I'd say the food was 5 star all the way!. . Mix is a wonderful place to dine on a super special occasion, like MY birthday (LOL).  At the end of the day, I was thoroughly impressed with the potential this place has on the typical dining experience.  For our party, it seemed that the service fell short in a couple of places.  Our actual server, however, was very nice and engaging so I left I happy camper!
Great dinner with a friendly and attentive staff... I enjoyed the Tuna Tar Tar and the Ribeye steak, I would recommend the medium rare instead of medium done.  Restaurant has a fantastic view and great ambiance...
This review is for the night club/ lounge.. . I've DJ'ed all over the world in dozens of clubs. And I've been in Vegas for about 5. So I decided to check out Mix for my first time. Expecting it to be like Foundation Room, it was anything but! . . Spectacular view of the strip and what's best about it is unlike any other venue I've seen at high altitude in Vegas, you get a great view indoors thanks to the window pane which extends the entire wall facing the strip. This is great for those nights when the weather isn't so good. You can also stand out in the balcony if you like as well. . . The vibe inside was great, a little bit of an older crowd, I'd definitely recommend  this place to those in their 30's and up. DJ did a great job in playing music for the crowd. . . My only complaint was service was a little slow at the bar despite the fact that their wasn't a line. But the staff at the door was awesome and the GM was very hospitable. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a hidden gem in Vegas!
This review is for the lounge and not the restaurant.. . I'm really sad this place doesn't get more love.  I'm always able to find a seat when I'm here and the last time we visited (earlier this month) there was no one around at all.. . I love Mix.  You get to ride in a glass elevator to the (near) top of The Hotel and enjoy an awesome view of Vegas.  Once inside, it's just a chill lounge with lots of seating and a large bar.  They have huge windows to view The Strip, or better yet, you can go outside on their little patio and really soak in the sights.. . There's a dj playing some house music at a reasonable level (as in, I can carry on a conversation with my friends) and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed.  It's the perfect place to bring friends, have a date, or even take family.. . I especially love the bathrooms- a room with black floors and walls, a black toilet, a floor-to-ceiling window overlooking Mandalay and the pool, and no outside lights other than the ones making up the Mandalay signs.  It definitely threw me for a loop the first time I came to Mix.. . I'm not sure why this place is so slow.... I don't know if they aren't advertising enough and no one knows about it, or if it's because it's a little tricky to find, or because the fact that it's not a club so all the 20-somethings want to party elsewhere....  I really don't get it.. . I ALWAYS take friends and family who are in town to Mix, and they are always impressed.  . . Located in The Hotel near the Mandalay Theater entrance.  There was no cover charge when I last went.  Drinks are very overpriced, but that is pretty standard on The Strip.
My husband and I went to Mix on a Monday night for our anniversary dinner. First impression is that the restaurant and lounge as a whole were pretty dead, but that is probably to be expected on a Monday night at 9:30. We actually enjoyed the atmosphere since it was our anniversary--very attentive service during dinner and a romantic feel in the lounge (even though "house" music was blasting). The area itself is large, open and beautiful, and you cannot help but notice the spectacular views of the strip. Absolutely stunning, and worth a trip up there even for just a drink. . . As for the meal, we both agree that it was one of the best we had in Vegas. My husband ordered one Chef's menu and I had the other--both with wine parings. Not a cheap ticket, but there were several shining stars in the menu. There were also a few misses (one wine was WAY too sweet for me to have more than a sip of and I could have done without the port at the end), but overall this meal was a winner. Is it worth the hefty price tag? Not on every trip to Vegas, but since it was our anniversary (and my husband had been lucky at the roulette table) it was so worth it. Will definitely return to the lounge in the future. Who could pass up a dance floor with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip?
Basic four star mostly due to the location.  The view is fantastic and the food is fairly good but nothing you will remember.  We had the Chef's table...note it is not a true chef's table kitchen side, simply the name of the table that is surrounded by glass to keep things a little private.  Service was good and again the setting is what makes this place worth going to.
You need to come here for the nighttime view. If the restaurant is out of your budget then just get a drink in the bar. If the ultra lounge is not your "scene" then just order a beer and drink it out on the patio. But everyone who comes to Vegas should get to see that skyline all lit up in its neon glory from that vantage point at the top of THE Hotel at least once in their lives.
This is a review for the restaurant, which I just walked out of 15 minutes ago. :)  My party and I chose to go for their better tasting menu which included four courses plus an amuse bouche and pre-dessert dish.  Here's the breakdown:. . 1. Amuse Bouche: Thai Coconut Chicken Soup aka Tom Ka Gai.  A nice touch, but I've had better Tom Ka Gai at my local thai restaurant.  Too much lemongrass, and not enough sweetness.  Not bad, but not great.. . 2. First Course: Gnocchi with Asparagus and Morels in a Cream Sauce.  I personally liked this dish, I felt that the delicate flavors were well balanced and a perfect introduction forwhat was to come.  My sister felt that this dish was a little on the bland side, but then again, she has a cold, so I'm not sure if her taste buds are fully functioning, lol.. . 3. Second Course: Roasted Maine Lobster "Au Curry" with Coconut Basmati Rice.  I was a little apprehensive when I saw "curry" and "lobster" in the same sentence, but this was actually a very unique and pleasant twist on how I normally experience lobster.  When dining at Gary Danko in San Francisco, my go-to dish is the Butter-Poached Maine Lobster with Risotto, and here we have a similar dish with an Indian touch...delicious!. . 4. Third Course: Filet Mignon Rossini with Foie Gras and Black Truffle.  I do love my Tournedos Rossini and MIX does it beautifully here.  My velvety filet practically melted in my mouth and the foie gras was richer than butter.  The chef was also very generous with the black truffle slices.  Definitely the star of tonight's meal!. . 5. Pre-Dessert: Mango Puree with Coconut Foam.  This light and airy precursor to dessert looked like a fancy cocktail served in a martini glass.  Exotic, fruity, and a refreshing palate cleanser after such a rich main dish!. . 6. Fourth Course/Dessert: Baba A L'Armagnac (Monte Carlo Style).  This was an Irish sponge cake drizzled with Armagnac and served alongside an airy vanilla bean whipped cream.  Decadent without being over-the-top, but I was still so stuffed that I could only finish half...what a waste!  Still, being a chocolate lover, I would have chosen a mousse or lava cake a la mode over this any day.  Sorry MIX!. . I also had two glasses of the sparkling rose and an Irish coffee to accompany my meal.  The rose was nice, but the Irish coffee had such a kick that I could only finish half for fear of being unable to walk out of the restaurant!. . The location, view, and decor was AMAZING!  I'm sure you've all seen photos of the "floating" glass bubbles that adorn the center of the restaurant.  The floor is also made to emulate a lace pattern.  Service was friendly, but unfortunately on the slow side.  It took them over 2.5 hours to serve us four courses.  Also, I felt like the price was a little on the high side for only four courses...I've eaten at comparable restaurants here in Vegas and in SF which cost about the same for 6-9 courses.  Nonetheless, I would still consider this a very good experience and is worth trying once.  But if you're going to do it, do it all the way and go with the higher tasting menu for the best the chef has to offer!
Ate dinner at the restaurant -- overall a very nice experience.  Food was generally very good, service is nice, and atmosphere and view are great.. . Great. - Hazelnut souffle -- the best souffle I have ever had I can recall.   Top was crispy while the inside was still light and not overly sweet.. - The curry lobster over coconut rice --  wonderfully rich sauce. - Potato gnocchi app - great, light texture.  Loved how they peeled the asparagus to make it extra tender. . Just OK. - Foie appetizer was average (needed more seasoning). - The Mix candy bar - would be better if it was dark chocolate. . But overall nice experience.   The bathrooms have a unique view too!
Hubs and I received free passes to the club area on a trip in November 2010. It was a very quiet evening at Mix (weekday in the off season), so we almost had our run of the place.. . The ride up the elevator is really fun as you ride up since you can see out to the strip below.. . We had just won some money at the tables so we decide to live it up on the top of theHotel. As I mentioned, it was pretty quiet. I had wanted to dance but there was no one the dance floor - and I hadn't had nearly enough to shake my booty solo. . . Hubs treated to some sparkling and we just chilled and enjoyed the view at a lounge table. The drinks were very pricey, but it was nice to enjoy the "high life" after a few hours down below at the tables.. . Bottom Line: Good view, smaller club than I thought it would be. Outside tables are always full - so arrive early if you want one. Pricey, but that's to be expected in a Vegas club.
Food 4 stars . Service 5 Stars. Atmosphere 5 Stars. . The view from the bar is outstanding and the drink selection is great. I think the food is delicious, but the price is a bit much for the overall quality. The best thing on the Menu has to be the Buffalo steak seasoned with black pepper. It's an great spot if you want to impress a client who's already tried all the fine restaurants in Las Vegas. The view is amazing from the bar and dining are, but most people are very impressed by the look and feel of place. The dining room is all white with a few hints of red or black with hundreds of glass balls hanging from the ceiling. . . I noticed a small dance floor and a DJ booth so I'm sure it's an amazing place to spend the evening dancing.
Came here for a wedding, but ate off the regular menu.  Amazing view of the strip.  Top floor of the Mandalay Hotel.  The food at the wedding was just cocktails and appetizers, but the appetizers were the same ones on the menu and they were amazing.  . . Well drinks from the bar were decent $9 wells and strong, appetizers we got were kabobs, mac n cheese, shortribs.  Kind of on the pricey side but amazing taste.  Its more of a taste type of restaurant so dont come here on an empty belly, but be amazed at the flavor of the food and the best view of the strip.
My 1st visit was on a whim.  We showed up with no reservation and were seated in a corner, which of course sucks cause MIX has the BEST view of the city in my opinion. However, because it was a random visit my BF & I looked like total bums, so no biggie. . . We went with the tasting menu & wine paring. It was fantastic! But holy crap was I full, and really drunk! . . The 2nd visit was on Valentines Day, (made a res this time) the place was packed, we were not seated in the bum corner, but I think I would have rather. Our seats were so close to the other tables we might as well have been on a double date! . . We again asked for the tasting menu, but it wasn't the same. They had a set menu for V day. Sill good. . . I suggest making a reservation. :) asking for a window seat, ordering the tasting menu and settling in for a nice night!
Incredible ambience rooftop elegance chandelier astounding:$50 prix fixe pretty good.  can recommend pork belly, shrimp cocktail and lobster; fois gras overpowered by caramel gravy.yes.caramel.
Stayed at THEHotel. We used the same elevator as our hotel room to head up to this place on the top floor. The decor is great and plus the big panoramic views just rounds off the great atmosphere they have going here. They have an open kitchen which you can see all of the stress that goes on trying to keep everything going well in a nice restaurant like this. . . We started with the Charcuterie Sampler that had these nice Italian hams and sausages cut thin. This dish paired well with my New Castle beer!. . Then I had the Cod Brandade that was cooked perfectly; the fried parsley added great texture. One of the best Cod dishes I have ever tasted. My girlfriend had the Seared Tuna that was perfectly seared, that dish was very good too. And through out our party I had the chance to taste a few other items that were all very good. Like the Braised Wagyu that just melted in your mouth, Mac and Cheese w/Ham was creamy and salty (in a good way) from the ham, Wild Mushrooms had a nice gravy, and  the John Dory (fish) had huge flavors in a light dish. . . And in the end we had a great chocolate Souffle; one if the top 5 I've ever tasted!!. . My bill was around $240.00 that included one starter, three main courses, two sides and one chocolate Souffle in the end. I had three beers and the two girls had only water. It was all worth it. . . I gave it four star because our waiter had this dry humor that just doesn't come across well when you are pay top dollar for a great dinning experience. . . But I'll be back...
--Great place to go to kick back, not super busy. . --GREAT VIEW. . --Reasonable prices.. . Sort of lacks the ladies...... . Free cover!
Pretty mellow for a club, but I came earlier in the night. I did love the view of the city and that there wasn't a cover charge.
Review is for rooftop bar (outdoor) only. Stunning view of Vegas, definitely a top 5. Nice ambiance, not as crowded as other bars.
This review is for the restaurant.  The view is probably the best you'll find in Vegas at the top of The Hotel.  Came here in August with a group of 6 for our fancy dinner out on a Friday evening.  Service is exceptional.  View is spectacular.  Drinks are pretty good.  I thought the food was good but I wasn't blown away.  All in all I had a great time.  For an overall nice night out with great service and view I highly recommend it.  I think we each spent $100 total and that included tip so I was very pleased.  That included two martinis or drinks for each person and the prie fixe menu.  I think our tab for 6 people who were drinking and the gratuity added in was $600.  Oh, the decor of the restaurant is beautiful as well!
I love this place for the decor and view of the strip. I have eaten here several times over the past 7 years. I always have the lobster curry which is amazing. I will say that I wish they would update the menu with some new options. I am starting to find it a little repetitive and tired. However I will always recommend it to anyone who has never been there.
I dig this place. It's on the 64th floor of THEhotel (aka the roof), and has glass elevators which allow you to watch as you make the descend. That was a little creepy (and unexpected).. . I love the rotunda with the floor to ceiling windows - they offer a great view of the Luxor pyramid and parts of the strip. . . Great music was played, I had an awesome time dancing.. . The only reason they're getting 4 stars, instead of 5, is because of a rude as shit bartender. He was a super douche - got pissed off when said we'd need a second (we were discussing drinks briefly), then decided to be rude, openly, and never come back to us. There was no one else waiting for a drink that wasn't already being served, so he just needed to pull the stick out of his ass. We decided to flag down a different bartender.
This is probably my favorite lounge in Las Vegas. It's on the 64th floor of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay where I've stayed many times. The view is amazing. You can see the entire strip from outside. I've taken many pictures there over the years and I printed and enlargement of one of the pictures which I have hanging on a wall in my living room. . . This review is based on going there at night. I've never gone there for dinner. I do not recommend getting a table here. It's really not necessary. The wait at the bar is never too bad. Plus, the one time I did get a table here the waitress spilled vodka and cranberry juice on my pants. After she did that she never came back to the table. Also, one of the bartenders was rude to me once. Those two things prevent this from being 5 stars.
You are not going to find much better views of the Las Vegas strip.  We sat at a table on the bar side of Mix.  That is where the best views are.. . The bar has a few great appetizer options.  It helped tide us over until our dinner much later that night.  The mac & cheese was tasty, as were the potatoes.. . They also have a nice drink menu.
Good food but not a repeat in my standard lacking something for a 5 star experience
Great if not one of the best restaurants in Vegas! Magnificient view over the Strip! The food is deliciouse fine dinning at its best. The wine cellar is impressive! This is a great spot if you want to have a romantic dinner with your loved one or even if you're out in Vegas with friends !
For an on the strip mark up spot this place is pretty damn good, and you cannot beat the view. The service was friendly, and the food is pretty damn good. Had fois gras, a steak, and some fish, my wife and I split them all, plus some wine, and it was an overall good experience.  4 stars because the seats are awkwardly close,so you could be spending your evening snuggled up next to a sweaty drunk, a smelly person, a couple groping each other, or even better a sweaty drunk smelly couple groping each other, this can be a bit of an issue if you like personal space.  With so many choices on the strip this spot is good, but aside from the view, it does little to separate itself from others.
The food here was pretty good. I got the spicy crab salad which was great, my mom got the lobster that was pretty good to,but not as good as the spicy crab salad.  For our main course I got the filet mignon with foie gras on top. The foie gras had an eggy taste at least it did to me,my mom thought it was good.
The Mix is a great club and I have walked in and staggered out at least 20 time.  This club entrance is located in the passage between the Mandalay Bay and TheHotel.  It is located at the top of TheHotel.. . The club features a dance floor half surrounded by glass that looks out onto the city, a huge bar, bottle service tables and regular ones you can sit at and a all black bathroom.  A little about the bathroom, its all black and when you walk up to the urinal, you are looking right out of the window down onto the city.  Pretty bad ass.  I have enoyed many nights and the DJ plays a good variety of HipHop/Club Music to keep the momentum up.  Did I mention the outdoor balcony?  It is partially available for clubbers and partially for bottle service members.. . ****If you are reading this review and are considering making a trip here, take one thing into consideration.  TheMix while cool, is not at the top of the club scene in Vegas.  With that said, there are nights when the crowds are very low, thus taking away from the party atmosphere.  Friday and Saturday nights are a safe bet, but weekdays have, you should have a back up plan.  Would hate for you to drag a party of people here on a Wed night, only to find 30 people in the club.
This review is for the lounge. MIX is located on the 64th floor of THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. I've visited the lounge twice now (one time they wanted $20 cover, which I would definitely not pay to come to this place). The experience begins with a quick elevator ride up tot he top of the tower. The glass elevator is open to the outside, so you can get a nice view of the strip on the way up. The biggest highlight of MIX is definitely the view. There is an outdoor patio area with lounge chairs and such to soak it all in. Even the bathroom urinals offer a nice view of Mandalay Bay's pool complex. The drinks weren't as imaginative as the Chandelier Bar at the Cosmopolitan, and were a bit on the pricey side, but the view and ambiance is nice, which is basically why you would come here in the first place.
The food was great. The view is phenomenal
Beautiful interior, high quality dishes and  great service. Definitely a place to take your girlfriend if you want to wow her! Dont forget to enjoy the amazing view of the strip :)
Worth it just for the view.. . We only went up to visit the lounge. One big downside was the cover charge ($20 each!) that we weren't expecting but we just treated it as an entry fee as if going to a viewing deck ;). . The drinks were nice and the bar was starting to get a bit busier as we got there. But the main thing we went for (the view) was well worth it - especially at night looking right across the light beam coming from the pyramid below.
We were at Mandalay Bay for the night so we decided to hit up Mix after doing some gambling. It was free cover for locals which is how it should be.. Once you get off the elevator the view takes over. Its such a fantastic view of the city.. They have a nice balcony that had the heaters cranking since it was chilly out.. The music was typical club music..there seemed to be a bit more hip hop being played but that was ok since there were some sista's on the dancefloor that were working it hard. It was very entertaining to say the least.. We had a good time & would come back again.
In my three times to Vegas I've been to the Mix twice, and both times this place has been awesome.  As if Mandalay Bay wasn't already a classy place, you also have this gem of a bar to boot.. . The first time I came here was with my cousin and my brother for his 21st birthday (I was the older bro sponsoring the trip) and I walk into this elevator only to have our entire party confused.  There were a series of plaques, and the three of us plus the other people in the elevator were all scratching our heads as to what to do.  Then I thought, hmm, I wonder if that plaque is some Indiana-Jones-Business where you push it in to get to the secret room.  YUP.. . The elevator goes up, the doors open, and you're treated to some red mood lighting and the thump thump thump of a tight sounding track.  This is what I want when I come to the place where dreams are made.  We walked in and were treated to a fantastic view of all of Las Vegas, a dancing bachelorette party, leather couches, champagne, disco lighting, etc, etc.  Needless to say, the Mix Lounge is the right choice.  Haven't tried the food or done anything in the Chandelier room, but stritcly speaking for the lounge area they hit the nail on the head.  Bartenders were friendly and provided prompt service, although drink prices were still very vegas-esque, as in the tune of $10-20 a drink.  The second time I came here I ordered 3 jameson shots and it was $34.  Yikes.. . The outdoor area was a great experience.  We sat laid back on comfortable couches sipping our champagne while having a nice social time and taking in the incredible view.  What more could you ask for when you're in Vegas.  And the best part is this place is always advertised as the pre-party, but you can get lost spending hours there.. . My only gripes that knocked off a star are pretty minor.  The second time I went there they had the outside closed due to "inclement weather" because it was windy and 30 degrees.  I'm from Wisconsin, OPEN DEM DOORS UP.  Unless I see precipitation, this is not inclement weather.  And as mentioned, the drink prices could be a little better.  Aside from that, completely worth it
What an incredible experience!  If you are looking for an amazing view of the strip and a wonderful meal....you have to try this place.. . The views from the restaurant and the adjacent lounge are awesome.  The lounge has an outdoor seating area with heat lamps when it is chilly.. . We had a wonderful lobster salad as a starter.  For the main course we both ordered steaks, cooked to perfection.  The sides of fork crushed potatoes and mushrooms were tasty.. . Great wine list and great service.  We will absolutely dine here again!. . Too bad the casino wasn't as friendly and our winnings were non-existent!  ;)
This is one of the restaurants on the strip that you can have a nice view. It is located on the 64th floor of Thehotel tower in Mandalay Bay. There are two parts of the restaurants. As soon as you get off the elevator, you will see a dance floor area by the right hand side, to the left it is a full service bar with booths, high table in between. It also has a patio area which will be great for the summer or late spring. As you walk in, you will see the hostess stand and that's the second, restaurant part. Everything is white in the restaurant, Tables are fairly small fitting a party of 2 perfectly. Along the side by the french windows, they have booth seating. . . As requested in my reservation, we got a table by the window. it is a small round table, very intimate and cozy for two people. As soon as we sat down, the server came to us and gave us a full introduction of the menus and wine list. We came here on Christmas Eve so we ordered their prefixed menu. . . For Appetizer we had the Seared Diver Scallops. It is golden on the outside, tender on the inside yet you can taste the freshness of the Scallops together with the a slightly taste of the herbs. For Entree, we got Fillet Mignon medium rare. It came just the way I like it. We also had a raw tuna dish but I don't remember the name exactly. One thing I do remember about that dish is the sauce they use, unlike other sushi place, they didn't give the standard wasabi and soy sauce, instead, they offer whipped egg white, vinegar and the olive oil. I was really impressed after I tried it. We got a small cake for desert, nothing really special about the cake and a specialty drink from the restaurant. . . I would say it is a good place for a romantic dinner, especially for those who are going to celebrate any special occasions. The service is good but it is definitely one of those places where you take your time and eat. We were there for about 2 and a half hours for a 4 course meal. It is a bit pricey too but with the view and the quality of the food, I think it is worth it.
I would have given this place five stars but the service could have been a little better. I had the prefix menu for about $90 or so and it was truly amazing. I loved the foie gras and scallops, but the chocolate bar dessert was just okay.. . I sat outside and it was just an amazing view, wasn't cold at all. The decor of the place was simple but sophisticated, just my style.
Good food but not a repeat in my standard lacking something for a 5 star experience
Dedinitlty add this to your list of must go restaurants before you die. Why? The View. 64 floors off the strip a beautiful breeze blowing through one of their outside eating areas and you feel like you're in heaven. My wife ordered the pepper crusted bison filet and it was cook perfectly. I got the halibut with lobster sauce and fork smashed potatoes. The wine selection is great and the old fashions are on point. Service lacked like most vacation destinations. Servers just put in the minimum amount of work to get the job done. View 5, Food 5 Drinks 5, Service 3.5.
Amazing decor, amazing view, great food across the board.  I had to knock off a star because, honestly, our waiter was terrible, not just at this pricepoint, but even if he was a waiter for Applebees.  He was a nice guy and trying hard (I guess?) but he was shockingly bad, like, unacceptably bad at a place this nice.  I mean, he was comical... dropping forks, plates, bumping into fellow waiters, etc... multiple times.  I used to wait tables as a teenager and I was never so clumsy.. . Anyway.... . We had a reservation for 7:00pm on a weekend, we were seated promptly on the outdoor porch area, ordered some amazing apps.  We had a party of about eight, two of which didn't have water.  We had to ask the waiter a couple times for the water, which he kept forgetting.  We finally found the guy who gave us the bread (amazing variety) and he took care of it right away.  The waiter then went MIA.  We finally had the buser (the bread guy) flag him down and he came back over to take our orders around 7:30.  I only ordered a Diet Coke to drink (too tired for any alcohol).  He never brought it, went MIA again.  . . We waited and waited and waited for our food.  Tables seated around us were getting their food and beverages before us even though they were seated long after we were, so I know the kitchen wasn't slow.  . . We started walking around the restaurant and got talking to the manager, who was so ridiculously nice.  We were admiring the wine cellar and he took us in to show us, which was so cool of him.  That was definitely a really cool note of the night.  . . We finally got our food, no joke, at 8:45.  That would normally be fine if people were getting their drinks filled and so on.  . . Still no Diet Coke.  . . The food arrived at 8:45, I reminded the waiter of my Diet Coke, he said he's be right on it.  I ordered the cod.  Uh-mazing.  Everyone's food was spot on.  We were starving so we 'enjoyed' our food a little more quickly than usual, done probably in 15-20 minutes.  . . No Diet Coke still.  Our of principle, I told one of the busers that I ordered a Diet Coke which I never received... and I had it within a minute.  Top notch on that end.  . . With all of that said, one terrible waiter couldn't deter an amazing nice of good food and conversation in a great place.  If we had any other waiter, it would be five stars.  I know for sure that other tables had top notch waiters, which is expected at a place like this.  Ours, unfortunately, was in way over his head.  . . Paying the bill was the same thing... trying to track him down... waiting for the receipt to sign... then waiting for him to take it up.  We didn't get out of there until, literally 10pm.  . . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  Get away from the pretentious, overpriced places in the middle of the strip and enjoy a night out here, trust me on this - just avoid our waiter ;)
This is my go spot to bring clients, especially if they have never or rarely been to vegas. The view at night is gorgeous and the food is great, made by Alain Ducasse; probably a top 10 chef in the world. Food may seem a bit pricey as the recipe are fairly basic while still very good. You mostly pay to eat on one of the best view of vegas.. . Dont forget to step on the balcony to take few pictures....
MIX was really good. The food was excellent and the decor was very nice.
I love this place. The Lobster Curry is the must have dish. I convinced 5 other people at my table to order it and no one was disappointed. The house made ice cream was the perfect way to end my meal.. . And I would be remiss if I didn't mention the view! The strip shines beneath you. Tip: use the bathroom on the bar/lounge side. There are floor to ceiling windows in the stalls. At night it is incredible!
Review for lounge only!. Some family friends had just been in Vegas and mentioned "MIX" as a must-do thing for the view. We decided it would be a nice way to burn some winnings and celebrate our time in Vegas. I'm not really up on Vegas culture or where to go on the strip so I don't know if this place is very well-known (Besides the restaurant anyway) but it's a must-do in my opinion. . . It's a little hard to find depending on where you come in- it's just past the Michael Jackson Cirque theater. You get on a glass elevator and go to the 64th floor. It opens at 5:00, and if you want to sit in the lounge, make sure you do so before 9:00 or so; at 10:00 it becomes a club with a cover charge, and after 9:15 they start setting up and it gets a little loud. The drink menu ranges from $12-18, with most drinks $12-14. Steep but for where you are not really that bad. I ordered the grapefruit rosemary mojito and unfortunately it wasn't well made; the rosemary was not muddled in the bottom of the glass, so it just floated around, got in the way, and didn't impart much flavor. The other drinks in our party were much better. . . Service was fine but not much more than adequate. It was windy during the day when we came up so unfortunately the patio was closed, which was really a shame. Although the view is amazing from all angles, you can't get good pictures inside because of all the glass and glare. Make sure before you leave that you go to the bathroom here! The men's has the urinals on a glass wall facing out, and one of the women's stalls has the toilet facing out a floor-to-ceiling window. It was a fun surprise on our way out of the lounge. If you want to get a really good "Vegas vibe" or impress someone for a quick drink, come here. It'd be a good place for a first or last stop on a date as well.
This place is SO SO TRENDY, to the point that it is dated. I think it's already seen the height of its glory. It's pricey too. . . I cannot deny that the food here is really excellent, I had one of the best Filet mignons of my life here with a Burgundy Sauce, black truffles and seared fois gras! Another time I had an amazing wagyu beef, and I'm not even a big steak person. They really just need to redo this place.The new chairs were a nice addition, and the view from the balcony is amazing. The bar is most in need of an overhaul. . . Food= 5 Stars. Service= 4 Stars. Atmosphere= 3 Stars
This is one of my favorite high end restaurants to go to in Vegas.  It is located at the Mandalay Bay's Hotel side on the top floor.  It has a spectacular view of the strip and not to mention, the atmoshphere and food is amazing.  It's a great place to bring guests from out of town.  Immediately after dinner, there is a lounge right next door where you can boogy woogy the night away.
Absolute breathtaking view atop THE Hotel at Mandalay. Do yourself a favor, get a dinner reservation for around 8pm. Enjoy a cocktail outside the lounge overlooking the strip before dinner. its a good a view as you can get anywhere on the strip.. . Attentive and friendly service. Water nor cocktail glass was ever empty. . . Cocktails were delicious, ordered 3 different ones and loved each.. . Food is 4 stars. Nothing mind blowing but perfectly prepared and seasoned apps and entrees. Both the Lobster and Crab salad apps are musts. Entree was the Filet topped with a seared Foie Gras steak. It was excellent. . I do think the food is slightly overpriced. You're basically paying for the view and I suppose in many ways, that part is priceless. Definitely a must visit if you haven't already
Incredible happy hour!  Look up the latest hours when at THEhotel and check it out.  You can experience some of the flavors of the high-dollar MIX for a fraction of the price.  And the view... THE VIEW is absolutely phenomenal.
Was here Tue/23 Jul about 10 pm with a buddy:. - Nice place up on a high floor.  Mix has a better view than even Mandalay Bay's Foundation Room (which is partially angled towards the airport).. - It was a corporate party and so an open bar.  The Mix server making the drinks was professional and nice.. - Would love to come back here with a date to take in the view over drinks.
MIX is a gorgeous restaurant, and if you're lucky enough to sit outside the view is amazing. The food is pretty good, but you're paying more for the overall experience and ambiance. . . I thought the ahi tartare was just okay. I would have preferred ahi and avocado instead of the cucumber with curry flavoring. . . The lobster curry was good but not amazing. The pieces of lobster were large, but the curry sauce and the rice were not too impressive.  Personally, I don't think the two go together.. . The filet with foie gras and black truffle was yummy! Too bad my first steak was way overcooked.  They were nice enough to take it back and prepare another one for me, and they even gave me a new side of potatoes which I thought was a nice gesture.  The 2nd one was cooked perfectly, but I felt like half the piece was really good and tender and the other half had a lot of gristle and was a little tough to eat. Guess I had bad luck with the piece I got. =\. . The sorbet was a nice way to end the meal.  Overall, MIX is still one of my favorite restaurantsin Vegas. The service was good and the decor and view are very impressive.
IT was our first time trying the restaurant and we went with our relatives who treated us to a nice family celebration.  . . Mix is located on the 64th floor of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay but the directions to its location was confusing.   Along the casino, we were not clear on where to go and even its employees were not clear on the instructions to find the restaurant.. . As we approached the elevators, there were multiple confusing entrances without proper visual cues.   Once we found the elevator, it was evident that it was on the top floor.  The entrance was nice with clear art work which my daughter likens to bubbles.  . . The view of the strip is expectedly nice and amazing once it was dark enough to be lighted.   Service was  good but I was not aware of the small dance floor or not.   I did not check out the bathrooms or any place after dinner.   . . Cousins ordered foi gras and I think they loved it.  We also traded our entree and were equally impressed of the fish, gnocchi, steak, and crab dish.   I was enthralled with dessert and savoring the chocolate ice cream that was melting in my mouth.   We were also treated with freshly baked madeleines that were mixed with a slight hint of hazelnut.. . Our family was treated a to really nice family celebration (thanks Uncle) at the end of the trip.  I would return but there are so many restaurants that by the time of my return (next year), the chef or restaurant may change.. . Side note: lots of bachelorette's parties :) but to be expected in Vegas...
Mix is beautiful inside and the view is amazing.  Go next door to their bar and partake in the sunset champagne toast, lots of fun.  The food was good, the cod was less than desirable.  Chicken was moist and amazing.  Tuna tartare was fair.  Mushroom fricasse was delicious.  Great beer selection, tried Matilda from Chicago, would definitely order that again.  Server was very knowledgeable, a bit on the uppity side, but relaxed as the meal went on.  Overall very delicious and fun!
Really good food and excellent service.  We did not find the chef's tasting menu bland but we are not heavy salt/processed food consumers.... It was not overly crowded and we enjoyed a nice, romantic dinner seated in a booth that resembled a big half dome.. . Check out the restrooms adjacent to the bar behind the restaurant...pretty cool view from the "throne." lol.
Came here for drinks after dinner on a Friday night. The vibe was definitely lounge-y, which is what we were going for. The place wasn't too crowded, so we were able to sit at the bar all night, score! Bartender was friendly, music was decent, the crowd was diverse and the view was great!
Excellent food and service. I went here with my bf on a Saturday evening a  couple summers ago. I immediately loved the decor as soon as we walked into the restaurant. We were seated on the patio, which has a gorgeous view of the Vegas strip from the 64th floor. It was very romantic. The dish that stood out the most to me was their foie gras. I would have to say that was some of the best foie gras I've ever had. . . As we were finishing our appetizers, I noticed the chef come out and shake hands with a man from the table next to us. So I turned around to see who this special guest was. Little did I know, Gordan Ramsey was dining right next to us with his wife! That was kind of cool. :) They seemed like they were having a pleasant evening. And Gordan seemed to enjoy the food, which says enough right there!
Excellent food! We enjoyed some delicious tuna tartare appetiser - the seasoning was just perfect and fantastic flavours. We all had filet mignon, one just the meat the other Rossini. The quality of meat and perfect cooking made them nothing short of great. Great fries as well, think cooked Belgian style. Time for the deserts. This was highlight of meal outstanding.  . The restaurant is on top of hotel and the views are nothing short of great. It also is a very comfortable lounge type atmosphere, relaxed yet sophisticated.  Service lacked a bit in 'quality' which at this level should have been better.  . Prices are actually quite good value for this level of food.
The bf made dinner reservations here prior to watching the Michael Jackson ONE Cirque du Soleil show (which was pretty amazing, btw). I haven't really heard of the place before, but the restaurant is located in the 64th floor of Thehotel. . . Upon exiting the elevator, you'll enter and pass through the lounge and bar area first. The lounge area has nice outdoor seating which has an amazing view of the Vegas strip with the Luxor pyramid right outside. The dining area was towards the back which was very open and bright even with the dimmed lights. We were seated in the booth area where you can see the pretty Vegas lights outside if your seat was facing the window.. . They brought us a mixed bread basket which had four different types of bread (mini French baguette, pimiento bread, a dinner roll, and I think the other one was just white bread) with butter and peanut butter (butter that has chunks of peanuts in it). I loved the pimiento bread with the regular butter, but the peanut butter was also really good. I just wished that the butter was a little bit softer or melted so it's more spreadable on the bread.. . We skipped the appetizers since we were getting full from the bread basket, but they had a good and solid selection. We decided to save stomach real-estate for dessert.. . We mainly ordered from the Alaine Ducasse Classics menu as the waiter has suggested since that's what they're mostly known for. . . What we ordered:. . *Roasted Main Lobster "Au Curry" - My boyfriend ordered this dish and I had a couple (ok, maybe a few) bites off his plate. It was so delicious! I really liked the coconut basmati rice that it came with. I was kinda jealous of his dish and wished I ordered the same thing. But I wanted to order something different so we can both try two things. They didn't skimp on the lobster portion and was actually very generous with it. He almost didn't finish the lobster because there were really big chunks. The lobster was cooked well and wasn't chewy. I just loved the flavor of the whole dish. I definitely recommend this dish if it's your first time here.. . *Atlantic Seabass - Although I enjoyed my bf's dish, I still enjoyed what I ordered. The fish was just fresh and so meaty that it was very filling. My dish came with asparagus, octopus, littleneck au gratin, and baby squid. The octopus, littleneck, and baby squid were cooked really well and wasn't chewy. I'm always worried about seafood being overcooked since they get difficult to eat once it does. The asparagus was probably the best asparagus I've had in awhile. I kinda wish there was some sort of carb with this dish, but I figured that they skipped that because it'll end up being too heavy. Nonetheless, it was a very satisfying meal.. . *Peach Melba - Mmmm soooooo good! We pretty much annihilated this dessert. It's a nice light dessert and a great way to end a good meal. . . They also brought us complementary fresh Madeleines with nutella dipping sauce after we ate our dessert. So we were pretty glad that we didn't order a chocolate dessert. . . Great ambiance. Friendly staff. Nice view. Highly recommended! I really enjoyed our dining experience here.
Great dinner, but the food is not remarkable. Delicious but I've had better. The service was on point though and the presentation was great.
I loved this restaurant! I had never heard of it before my last trip to vegas, but this time I went with a friend and her parents treated us to dinner here. The restaurant itself is very nice inside and the view is amazing. We would have sat outside if it wasn't 100 degrees at night! . I ordered the Cod Brandade and a side of asparagus and it was delicious. Probably the best piece of fish I've ever had. I also tried my friend's Lobster Curry and it was amazing. For an appetizer the table shared the Potato Gnocchi which was... you guessed it- delicious. Everything was rich and flavorful. . The cocktails were good, but I wouldn't say they were amazing. And my friend was surprised with a dessert since it was her birthday.. The only reason I don't think it deserved 5 stars was because the waitress seemed to forget about us quite often, even though the restaurant was relatively empty. I would still refer this restaurant to a friend, and go back myself.
LOVE~!. . Still one of my fave lounges/restaurants in Las Vegas. This past weekend I went during happy hour. Ordered a bunch of drinks and food had great conversations, beautiful view, and danced around!. . No dress code before like 9pm or something like that, so I had an even better time! Basically drank to a sunset and good friends/times.. . Be SURE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM! Go even if you don't have to go! The view is amazing!!!!
We stopped in at MIX on for my Bachelorette party.  This place was a ton of fun!  We danced and drank for hours!  The view from this bar was absolutely insane.  The pictures from that night were top notch.  Also to note:  The bathroom stalls look out over the strip whichgive a unique experience!
Ride the elevator up 64 floors of THE Hotel in Las Vegas and take in one of the most breathtaking views of the entire strip. MIx Lounge features indoor and outdoor seating, as well as a dance floor and a full bar area. The club's location is secluded enough that it never gets too overcrowded and is a great location for celebrations and of course people watching!
This club/restaurant is exciting at night. There are so many people waiting to get in. The small space on the top floor gets crowded. There is breathing room outside on the balcony. The only place to dance is a small cylindrical room off to the side.
MIX has a beautiful location up top at the Mandalay Bay. The decor is VERY Alain Ducasse and the food reflects his style as well. I was taken aback by the beautiful views of the strip and the sunset. Onto the food:. . White Bean Veloute: The veloute itself is great. It's rich, thick, flavorful, but not too filling. The vegetable eggroll is confusing and not the best eggroll I've ever had, but still a nice start to the meal.. . Colorado Rack of Lamb: Great sear and cooked perfectly. The lamb comes deboned and is the highlight of the dish. Would definitely order again. . Lobster "Au Curry": WOW. After a summer of endless Mainelobstah rolls, I didn't think I could enjoy lobster until next summer. I snuck a bite of my friend's order and loved the way they prepared the lobster. It had that great seafood flavor and firm texture, without being too rubbery. You wouldn't think of curry as something you want to spend $50 on, but there was so much flavor and the rice made the dish complete.
Mix is good, I find Vegas resaturants usually don't live up to their star/hype ratings. Som helped make a great choice on wine, food was yummy brandade was killer, as were the desserts. Just wish my waiter didn't get overwelmed and disappear on us.
MIX is an absolute beautiful restaurant and bar! Located on the 64th floor of The Hotel (Mandalay Bay), MIX offers amazing views of the strip and beyond. The theme of the restaurant is quite simple yet classy. The restaurant is divided into two different areas. One side is black. Like everything from the walls to the furniture is black. The bar area is red and the kitchen and a private dining table is located in the middle. On the other side it's completely different. Everything from the walls to the furniture is white. It's so classy and elegant and also offers spectacular views of the Las Vegas Strip. . . The menu at MIX is a very upscale dining menu. They offer quality foods such as caviar, foie gras, lobster and filet mignon. I came here for a couple different events so I didn't get the chance to try things off of the menu. . . ==SERVICE==. The service here at MIX was great. The host was pretty cute and all of the cocktail waitresses were very friendly. They had plenty of servers coming around and delivering hors d'oeuvres. . . ==FOOD==. They had different hors d'oeuvres such as chicken satay, sliders, shrimps, beef skewers, caprese skewers and more. The entrees were filet mignon with scalloped potatoes, pasta bolognese, mushroom risotto and chicken with sauteed vegetables. Out of everything I really enjoyed the sliders, mushroom risotto and the filet mignon. . . Even though the two events that I attended were free and the food was pre-set, I still looked over the menu and its on the pricier side. Although the price is a little high, it's definitely worth it in my opinion since the quality of food and the view are both spectacular. I'm definitely planning on stopping by MIX on my next visit to Vegas.. . **You MUST stop by the restrooms here! Both have amazing views as you are taking care of business. It's not the nicest bathrooms, but the view is definitely worth checking out!
This review is only for drinks/happy hour. I've been there twice now and loved each visit. Honestly, I would have been content with just the views, so I was very happy also to get excellent service, good wine and cocktails, and delicious appetizers. Get there early (5p) to snag a table or seat on the patio for happy hour.. . Tip: Gentlemen, check out the bathrooms. Quite the view from the urinals. Trust me on this.
I visited Mix with a friend of mine, for cocktails and a light dinner. My friend in particular likes this place because they have a nice happy hour until sunset, a complimentary glass of champagne at sunset, and good food. The drinks we had were pretty good and strong. . . We had tacos and a flatbread, which were both excellent. I will say though, flatbread is a bit on the messy side for eating in a lounge. I'd probably choose something else. I can't comment on the club aspect of MIX, because we left after eating, but it seems like it might be a little on the small side if you're looking to dance. For drinks though, it's just right.
I took my husband here for a birthday dinner recently, and it was a pleasant experience. The decor is really beautiful, and there are balconies you can eat on with great views of the strip - especially the Luxor.. . Our waiter Scott was an absolute pleasure. He explained everything on the menu with ease, was super friendly, and even gave us recommendations for some other good local places we could try.. . We had the tuna tartar and crab salad for appetizers, both were fantastic, very fresh and tasty.. . For dinner I had the stripped bass, and my husband had the lamb loin. My bass was really good and flavorful. I really enjoyed the grilled endive it came with, and the fish was seasoned perfectly and was a decent portion. My husband said his lamb was really tender.. . For dessert we had the mix candy bar. From what I recall it had some hazelnut and crispy layers, coated in chocolate and shaped like a candy bar. It was super rich, so the coconut/lime sorbet was a welcome addition. They put a candle on the plate and wrote "Happy Birthday" on it in chocolate.. . All in all a great time, and will go back when I return to Vegas
*Note: Restaurant Week August 2013**. . I have always wanted to go here to this restaurant because not only there is supposed to be great food but the restaurant looks absolutely beautiful and the view is spectacular.  Also,. . Service (5). We had a great server and service was everything great. Friendly, funny, professional! . . Food (3). Entree- (3). its been awhile so i forgot what we had) But Brad got some sort of beef stew. The beef stew tasted like something homemade which we liked, but it did not taste amazing.  It is something we can make at home and it was pretty disappointing.  . I got fish and it tasted good, but again it was disappointing . . Dessert(4)-We had like a sunrise tart- brad loved it and we the other dessert tasted like ferrero rocher. It was good and we really enjoyed the desserts. . . Atmosphere (5). I love the view it was beautiful and I love everything about it even the bathroom! . I would definitely come back here for the view and maybe just a place where my friend and I can get drinks at the bar.
We had a great meal here! The service was attentive. We had lobster and tuna appetizers, both of which were fantastic. The entrees were tasty and the dessert was yummy. Very conveniently located for the Michael Jackson One show. . . Some minor misses, I found the decor strange. Our window side table was isolated from the dining room by the high-backed eggshell shaped chairs of the booth next to us. Also our seating was arranged with our backs to the window, which I found a bit odd.
What spectacular views from the 65th floor! The restaurant is absolutely stunning, modern and simple, but stunning. We did the tasting menu and the food was very delicious, but I felt like the presentation was lacking a lot. The wine list is only okay too. I would definitely come back just for the views alone, but I have to admit that the food was great too, especially my lobster with curry. Yum!
