With a room full of Robuchon gifts leftover our fourth day would have been an easy one to sleep in and eat breakfast in the room - but why do things easy when there are so many great places to dine in Las Vegas?  Despite my multiple trips to Sin City in the past I'd regretfully been without a car on past visits and as such never been able to visit the local legend of "twisted farm food" - Hash House A Go-Go.  Having heard that a third (the other in San Diego) location of the famous spot had recently opened in the Imperial Palace and waking up early as ever we made our way to the restaurant around 8:00am without reservations and found only 3-4 tables occupied..  . With late eighties classics blasting we made our way to the hostess podium where we were greeted by a young lady clad in jeans and a HHAGG shirt who led us to a four-top big enough for eight - no doubt Hash House does everything big.  Taking a seat we were soon greeted by our server, Noelle, a pleasant young woman who was substantially more cordial and efficient than necessary at such a restaurant (a good thing, for sure.)  Menus in hand we were left to decide while a mountainous eggs benedict passed by en route for another table.  Hilariously enough, while we were waiting a group of six young men approached the hostess stand and then left because "oh man, we thought this was a buffet."  Clearly they'd not seen the portion sizes..  . Sitting and chatting while coffee, water, orange juice, and tea were filled we decided to order only three items and share them around.  With prices ranging from $7-$17 we were informed that one of us would have to pay a $2 split entree fee - when I chuckled saying okay the response was "you'd be amazed how angry some people get about it" - clearly I'm jaded.  Sitting back and listening to Rock You Like a Hurricane while sipping the surprisingly good coffee the restaurant slowly filled up..  . Arriving in less than 20 minutes the portions were precisely as expected - enormous and delicious looking.  With a sweet, a savory, and a "dessert" there was too much food for four people.  Beginning first with the Blackberry Granola Flapjacks, my sister's choice although I'd lobbied for the Snickers Flapjacks, the pancake itself was enormous - literally the size of a car tire in diameter though thankfully not as thick.  With ample warm syrup and butter to spread there was really nothing subtle or nuanced, it was just good cofort food and the sweet blackberries worked nicely with the crunchy honey granola.. . Perhaps the most famous Hash House dish would be my order - "Sage Fried Chicken stacked with our famous bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and crowned with fried leeks."  Golden and crispy the chicken was amply accented with sage and actually quite delicious.  Stacked above and below four golden waffles loaded with whole strips (not small bits like other places) of salty bacon and topped with crispy leeks plus a sauce that was much more maple than caramel I have to admit that this was a huge portion of food.  While clearly not as subtle and refined as Bouchon's chicken and waffles I actually much preferred this to Roscoe's famous Los Angeles version and the less famous option at DC's Founding Farmers.. . Our dessert would be Andy's famous Bread pudding topped with ice cream and served with a cup of coffee.  With the coffee alone costing $2.50 on the menu this bread pudding is the deal of the breakfast menu at a mere $7.95.  A portion easily large enough for two hungry people or a family of four to share after dinner the pudding was essentially a black and white coffee cake that would have filled 3/4 of a standard loaf pan.  Buttery and rife with chocolate the steaming hot pudding was then topped with melted Snickers bars, doused with chocolate and caramel syrups, then piled high with two large scoops of vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and crumbly brown sugar.  Like the other choices there was nothing subtle about this caloric monster but honestly for all its audacity it was really quite good.. . Settling the bill (about $14 each after tax and a 25% tip) and returning a large portion to the kitchen (we still had P.U.B. leftovers and the Robuchon basket in the room) we thanked our service team and made our way to the door accompanied by Eddie Van Halen's Eruption.  Generally a fan of refined flavors, elaborate cooking techniques, quiet dining rooms, excellent service, and great food Hash House A Go Go wasn't exactly my kind of place - but the service was excellent and the food was pretty darn good.
One thing I truly love is a spectacle. Doesn't matter of what, just as long as it provides me with some visual entertainment. With food, I love seeing the large and outlandish, quality is secondary and not expected but is always welcome. During my Vegas research, Hash House seemed the perfect spot for just that.. . Organizing a party of 10 for breakfast in Vegas can be quite challenge, but luckily, everyone was late at about the same time. We actually didn't even have to wait that long for a table once our entire party was there. Once seated, the drink menu led me to my first show; a BLT Bloody Mary;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=_-fQlooq5QREsociXJU7Yw. . Crisp toast, bacon, lettuce, and a tomato wedge all garnished this liquid meal. My first instinct was to smash all the solids into a pulp and mix them into my drink so I could suck down the slurry through the oversized straw. Luckily reason found me and I simply made a mini sandwich to munch on while sipping the well-made drink. . . I pondered ordering the famed tower of chicken and waffles, but I had a hankering for gravy that only gravy could satisfy. I ordered the biscuits and gravy at the recommendation of our server, based on my request of something large covered in gravy. After an expectedly long wait, our food began to pile in. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=bPvsgg04sxgX91PJmswpQQ. . The biscuits were surprisingly light and fluffy and the gravy had about a pound of diced sausages in it. It was definitely something that would stick to your ribs. . . I also tried a bite of the "stuffed" burger and was very let down. We were expecting the ingredients to be cooked in the meat, not just placed between two over-cooked patties. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=xjtwgwuEKBkjvO0-k80eKw. . Overall though it was a fun meal with food better than I expected. Service was attentive to our huge party and I think everyone had a good time. I'd go back.
Great place, I would recommend the chicken and waffels. You can share this with someone as the protions are huge!! My friend had the pancakes and they are gigantic!! The food and service were great. Since it is such a popular spot the wait can be long, but it is worth it.
My second time coming to Hash House I tried the location at Imperial Palace. I tried the French Toast...oh my goodness the best I have ever had! They are topped with banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup! . . My first visit to HH I tried the Sage Fried Chicken and waffles and it was ok, but the french toast is much better!! . . The portions are very large so it is a good idea to share :)
First stop on the Hang over train was Hash House A Go Go. I came here with a few friends after hearing about it and was skeptical about dining at the Imperial Palace after once having to stay at the hotel. I ordered the HH Original Farm Benedict... You cant go wrong! If your not hungry then don't come since the portions are large. The presentation is nice but once you dig in it becomes a huge mess but it all ends up in the same place anyways. I must say after having Hash house i've been craving to go back here. Another alternative to HH is Tractor in San Diego which is across the street from HH. Both places are amazing and if you have the chance try it out.
Hash House's food was fresh, tasty, and everything had a good twist on traditional "home cooked" food. Not to mention, the service was spectacular on both visits. . . Our group of 10 dined at Hash House twice for breakfast while in Vegas over Christmas. Staying at the Flamingo put us just a quick brisk walk to the Imperial Palace and up the escalator dedicated to Hash House. Getting to the restaurant before 9AM both times, the staff was easily able to accommodate our large group. The restaurant was largely empty thatearly, but did begin to fill up around 10AM. Our servers, on both occasions, were courteous, efficient, enthusiastic, and even charming. For me, that can really put a dining experience over the top. . . While the food was VERY good, being The Griddle cafe fanatic that I am, I cannot give Hash House 5 stars. Their pancakes (snickers) and french toast did not compare to the deliciousness that is The Griddle. . . BUT, the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles is note worthy. Perfectly Fried Chicken breast that were very moist with a crisp, not overly salty, crust hinted with sage was probably the best fried chicken I recall having (although I rarely eat fried chicken). The waffles were inventive with the strips of bacon entwined in the batter in stead of bacon bits mixed in the waffle. This was perfect as the bacon didn't overpower, but accented the waffle and still gave you the satiety of have two strips of bacon with your meal. The maple reduction tasted more like balsamic, but really highlighted the dish and I recommend using the sauce on your food and not avoiding it. . It was just YUM! My boyfriend and I split the dish and it was perfect for two people. The next visit we split the french toast which was just as huge with a griddle banana that was still in the skin split atop the super thick sliced bread. The banana was disturbing at first being black from the griddle, but was actually delicious and perfectly cooked. It went well with the french toast. . . Many people at our table went with the Tractor Special, which was well received and the most traditional style breakfast item they offer. No one tried their hash, sadly. . . Any meal on the menu, if you can split it with someone, DO IT! Our server was nice enough not to charge to $2.50 split plate charge. . . I do think that Hash House is a "Must-Go" while in Vegas. But, sorry, HH, you're not The BEST. xoxo
If you are sick of buffet for brunch, or even for lunch/dinner, Hash House is a legit alternative!. . Generally I go for the buffets on Sundays during my stays in Vegas but friends and I decided to try something different.  We all had Hash House in SD so decided to try out the Vegas strip location.. . Two of us ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffles.  Yes it's as crazy as it sounds :]] Fried chicken and thick bacon waffles then topped with hot maple caramel reduction and fried leeks. Sage on the chicken gives it such a different flavor and what better way to start the day than with fried chicken??  Bacon waffles are filling and the little bits of bacon is a nice smoky touch from the sweetness of the waffles.  The maple reduction and fried leeks are good just by itself. I can drink a gallon of the maple reduction and just eat a salad made of fried leeks.. . The other two went for the Sage fried chicken benedict. Fried... chicken... benedict!  It comes with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. What a healthy way to start the day huh?. . Hash House's specialty is what it markets itself as: twisted farm food. It's nothing gourmet and definitely not the healthiest breakfast food around but it's fun, delicious, savory, and guaranteed you won't leave hungry!
Saw this on our TV in our hotel room on one of those vegas channels.. decided to come here after looking at the menu online. Came here around 3pm and no one was there which was nice since we didn't have to wait. . . Our waitress was super nice and offered up a bunch of suggestions. I got the fried chicken benedict and the boyfriend got biscuits & gravy. The portions are epic. Way too big for one person - probably even two. My meal was good although the mashed potatoes and the plate were awkward and I didn't like them paired with the rest of the items on my plate. The chipotle sauce was amazing. Fried chicken was good, eggs very good. Overall it was good but I'd definitely get something else next time. The boyfriend really liked his biscuits and gravy but didn't like the mashed potatoes on the plate. He thought that potatoes did not go well with the biscuits and gravy. So I guess we both felt the same way about the potatoes :/
We stopped by on our way out of town at the Imperial Palace location in the strip.  The food was quick and fresh.  Wife and I split the sage chicken with waffles and I threw in a 24oz bud in a bag in the order.  The chicken has great flavor and is moist. Waffles with the bacon cooked into them are awesome as well.  Great place and relatively reasonable if you split an entree. Unless your a big eater I suggest you share.
Awesome food. The servings are huge.  I had the cornbeef hash and it was so good. I highly recommend this spot.
Got the chicken and waffles and a "Bud in a bag", led to this restaurant by the Man vs. Food series.  Worth the wait, this place had amazing portions that most mortals could not finish.  The only negatives were a mildly friendly wait staff and walking through a smoky casino maze to get there, but if you come to Vegas, you must eat here!
I went awhile back, but didn't get the chance to write a review yet so here we go!. . This was my first time here and my family and I walked here all the way from Excalibur. That was a super long and cold walk! So once we finally got there, we were all starving! There was like 14 of us, but it didn't take long for us to be seated so yay! Me and my sister wanted to try the sage fried chicken and waffles for sure so we decided to get to different items and we would just split it. . . What we got:. Mildford Fried Chicken Sandwich($13): it was huge! I could barely eat half of the sandwich and my sister couldn't even eat it at all. It was just too much food for the both of us. As for the side dish, we got the basil pesto crispy potatoes. Those were delicious! It was so good I kept scraping the bottom of the dish to get all of the sauce. Yummy!. . Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles($19): ...that was delicious too! The chicken was full of flavor and crunchy...yummy...The waffles were super thick though and that's the reason we got full so fast...We did however finish the chicken, but not the waffles. I loved the fried leeks on there was well. It was very flavorful and even though I was stuffed I still sat there chewing on that as I waited for the rest of my family to finish. Or well...attempt to finish all their food.. . Service:. Great! Our server was super friendly and my baby cousin really wanted fruit so our server saw that so he personally went to get him some fruit! It was so sweet of him and you could see the smile on my baby cousin when he brought it out. . . Overall, everything was great!
An extra star for the novelty value. This place has an awesome menu that gives American comfort food a sophisticated twist. The food here is good, not great but the appeal is the insanely HUGE portions. This is definitely a place to try at least once, just to see the unreal tower of food.. . Tourist tip...these portions are so big there is no way you will come close to finishing it. Unless you don't wind throwing away uneaten food, I would share entrees. This is not the kind of food that you can take back to your hotel. Don't be that guy that stinks up the entire floor of your hotel with the nasty smell of your leftovers, which you probably wont even eat.
It is in the IP Hotel, however, it was a great meal!  There were three of us and we ordered 1 appetizer and 2 entrees.  A salad that I can't remember and the Quesedilla and the Pork Sandwich. Both were amazing!  We saw the Chicken and Waffels come by a few times and it looked awesome. Second time there just 2 of us ordered the bone-in Rib-eye, Oh Yumm!   Everyone we spoke to loved it!  Had a marvelous experience both times we ate there.  Surprisingly wonderful experience!  Enjoy!
Portions are HUGE! me & my friends went after we were done shopping, so of course by then we were STARVING. one of the girls heard about this place & said we HAVE to try it. So we went & when the meal came out we were like HOLLY CRAP! ITS HUGE! we should have known, since when we sat down the utensils were pretty much the size of my face. So by the end of our meal each of us ended up taking a to go bag, & we all had something to eat after the club that night. :] & yes the meal was still goood. OH make sure when they ask you which side you want i think its the pesto potato? not sure, but yeah ask for that, that was DELICIOUS!
Okay,  the portions here are HUGE!  Come here ready to eat a lot!   I came here with a $25.00 restaurant.com certificate (that I bought for $2), great deal by the way. . . I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict and the BF ordered the Bacon BBQ burger.  The food was amazing and man I felt like I was gonna have a heart attack after I was done.  There was so much fried chicken topped with gravy, scrambled eggs, and more gravy with biscuits!  The burger was huge and the meat was super thick and juicy.  The bacon hung over the patty!  Yum!. . Needless to say, we had plenty of left overs that we took back to our room for later..... . Even after all that we found room to order dessert.  OMG, the best peanut butter cheesecake I've ever had.  We even convinced the tables around us to order it, because it was that good!  Oh, and one slice was plenty for two.  Actually any of their meals is good to share.. . Can't wait to go back and try their fried chicken and waffles!
My husband and I heard rumors that a Hash House a Go Go was put inside of the Imperial Palace and were eager to try it out. We liked it but would definitely share portions next time. This was a little insane, even when you're hungry! . . The biscuits are a sure thing. Go for it.. . Read our blog for pictures if you want.
The tagline for the joint is "twisted farm food," but it really should be "good food writ large," with emphasis in the "large." Hash House can't do anything small. But that's OK. The quality does not suffer from the size of the potions. . . I have had the 1 lb. stuffed burger here multiple times. Note: Before attempting, skip breakfast & lunch. I get mine stuffed with cheddar & bacon (skipping the avocado), one of three varieties. It comes with a steak knife and a sprig of sage stuck on the top. Tip: Use the knife; you cannot eat this burger whole. The burger is good beef, cooked just right. The side of fries is huge and they are cooked just right. The drizzle of BBQ sauce and the sticks of something add a nice touch. All-in-all, a burger, fries, and a lemonade will run you just over $20 (with tip) and will leave you with a good taste on your tongue, a warm feeling on your belly, and no need to eat for the rest of the day. . . I had a breakfast here too, a chicken breast deep fried with a maple glaze, grilled mashed potatoes with bacon, and two eggs w/ fruit & a biscuit on the side. Once again, the dish was huge. The chicken breast was magnificent. The biscuit was flaky and huge. I could not finish. I passed on the overpriced OJ to keep the cost below $15, but once again, this is a meal that can last you the day. . . Hash House dies not try to be pretentious, like so many Strip establishments. It's hearty food, and while the prices seem Strip-like (that is, 50% higher just because it's in Vegas), the amount you get easily justifies the prices (at least for the food; they must make their nut on drinks, where even soda prices are stratospheric). This is a destination place to ear when you are in Vegas.
Having seen this place on Man vs Food it became a must try for me on my next trip to Vegas. I walked quite a distance to come here, all the way from the MGM Grand where I was staying. It was well worth it. The portions are as big as they say. I am quite a big eater and I would have had to eat until I was sick to make all gone here. I had the Fried Chicken Benedict and it was very good and a bargain for the $14 price. My wife had a scramble which was actually a reasonable sized portion. The wait wasn't too bad and the service was not as slow as people make it out to be. Definitely a destination spot on the strip. Otherwise I never would probably ever set foot in the Imperial Palace.
The scene was a sunday morning breakfast. or was it a midday snack? Honestly in my obliterated state waltzing around indulged in my liquid heaven I was told, "We must eat here.". . We arrive and play a few hands at the Casino Below I'm at this point out starting to grow hungry. The attentive casino bartender delivers our first drinks. My drear friend walks up stairs to put our names on the list as we are nicely handed a pager. Pagers are a genius invention by the way. The moment they buzz your face lights up not knowing what is about to happen.. . The service was perfection. A tad of the ol' hard rock and roll meets the occasional drunk but he was patient. Gave a little sass but wasn't a complete asshole to us. The food now that's an understatement. If you come here and order for one, chances are you've ordered for a table of friends. While my company finished their plates, I couldn't even stomach my entire plate or drink.... . . Rolling out with a full belly and even more grateful buzz. Yes, I will be back.
Love the Restaurant.com 80% off deals! $25 gift certificate for $2? Minimum purchase was $35. It was easily done with 2 people. . . My friend and I came here on early Sunday afternoon and it was crazy packed! We put our name down with a wait time of about 30mins. We stood around and started looking around the place and reading the restaurant.com gift certificate. I asked my friend if she read the exclusions prior to coming and she said yes and that everything should be fine. I looked at it and saw "dinner, dine in only." We then decided to leave and come back for dinner. I am actually glad we did because when we did, there were no lines! We got a table immediately. We ordered the famous Andy's Sage fried chicken and waffles $18.95 for dinner compared to the $15.95 for breakfast/lunch.. . We were given 2 complimentary biscuits which was really filling. I couldn't help but to finish it because our main course took forever! When our chicken and waffles finally came, we then knew we should've shared instead of ordering our own. It came with 2 pieces of chicken stacked with 4 bacon waffles. It was topped with sprigs of rosemary, crispy fried leeks and drizzled with maple syrup. The syrup was really light and not too sweet. The bacon waffles were cooked perfectly. It retained its crispiness even with maple syrup drizzled over it. I love how the bacon was inside the waffle. It was tasty! I am regretting that I didn't even get to finish ONE waffle! I was too full from the chicken :/ next time, I'll bring my husband so he can devour his & MINE. . . For 2 ppl = $21 with restaurant.com gift certificate. Can i get a Hell Yeah!!?
Giant Portions - Very good for the price. . Good Service - the food takes some time though.
This place was tasty.... . Though be really aware that the portions are way to big.. We all shared our meals. . . The drinks are great as well.
three full grown men shared two plates.  and we had some togo. . . The fried chicken is decliious. the most crispy buttery tasy chicken i ever bit into.  the taste is more asian however.  tasted more like garlic soysauce Korean pub fried chicken. But still it wad fried perfectly and delicious. . . we also had the meat loaf hash.  the meat loaf was really tender and juicy but it just didnt hasve enough flavor to it.  ketchup needed.
I've had this place bookmarked for a while since seeing it on the travel channel.  Opted to go to this location instead of the OG one cuz it was closer.  I wasn't expecting much cuz we all know how grand IP is!  But whata ya know, they had the whole top floor transformed and it was all about this restaurant!  That was cool!  Props to the designer!. . We went a little crazy and ordered 3 entrees for the 2 of us!  Well I had to have the popular sage chic/waffles and I wanted eggs!  So we ordered the scrambled eggs jalapeno hash and turkey egg hash, along with the sage chic/waffles.  I gotta say the presentation of the sage plate was cool and the bacon in the waffles was a cool touch, but the waffles weren't as light and crispy the way I like them.  Anyway, we had a box of leftovers to take back to our room so that was fine.. . Service was good and friendly.  . . Cool spot to try but other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
After we place our orders, we start getting nervous.. . Two plates come out of the kitchen. The waitress is obviously having wrist issues carrying them. What looks like eggs benedict is placed in front of another diner. I watch as he panics, having prepared no strategy for a serving of these proportions. . . I start to panic: I ordered the eggs benedict, too. We should have shared something, we lament. . . A couple has chicken and waffles deposited before them. It has a huge steak knife impaled through the mountain of it. It appears they are pulling out their phones to bid their family members goodbye. Or to take pictures. They might not make it through this.. . I had asked our waiter about the "fresh-squeezed" orange juice. His response is the reason why he's awesome: "the box SAYS 'fresh-squeezed,' but ain't nobody back there squeezing oranges." Thank you, Lonzo. I'll have the lemonade.. . And then. Our food. Arrives. . . Just as I had feared: a bed of potatoes topped with 2 dense biscuits, topped with poached eggs, topped with a slightly spicy sauce of heart-attack doom. I look at the boy; he has his own concerns. I can almost see him beyond the pile of meat hash deluxe-ness before him. I tell him I love him before we start in.. . A few pathetic minutes later, we've done all we can. Lonzo knows the symptoms. Still, he refills my bottomless hand-squeezed lemonade, later providing a to-go cup when it becomes obvious I have no more stomach room to give. . . In my deliriously bursting state, I think back to an innocent time, before we placed our orders. To all of the things we had planned to do that day, the shops we would visit and the sights we were going to see. It had once seemed possible. Now we just want to live to see beyond our stomachs again. Every day it gets a little better.
If you are in Vegas, after a long night of partying this is the place to go! The portions are HUGE and completely worth it. If you are a total rewards member you get priority seating, which is AMAZING! I ordered the omelette while my friends got a chicken benedict (I think) and it was honestly it was delicious!
Really enjoyed this place. Portions are so big I think my chicken benedict must have weighed over a pound and a half. My girl had this bbblt that must of had half a cow. Usually with food portions so big the food sucks but its not the case here. I used to stay at the imperial palace when i was younger cuz it was cheap so be ready cuz its a dive casino but I still love gambling there. Hey besides you can always get a 100oz 4shot drink right outside at Rockhouse.. Cant wait to bring all my boys here next time out.
Had to visit this place after seeing it on Man vs. Food.. . Portions, as already stated by every yelp review on this place, are GIGANTIC!  Each entree must be at least 5,000 calories and 10 pounds, but hey....when you're in Vegas, who's counting?!?. . Ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  The deeper I dug into it, the more surprises I found.  Fried Chicken....then eggs....then spinach.... then tomatoes....then biscuits....then mashed potatoes....then waffles, all swimming in gravy.  SO GOOD.  I almost devoured my entire plate...and I'm a little girl.  Everyone was impressed!  Gluttony at its best. =)
This place rocks! One thing I noticed though was you get completely enveloped by the size that in a way the food is not that amazing.. . tweet about this place and you get a free drink of the day
Here we go with another superfluous review of Hash House a Go Go.  We all know it, it looks like most of us love it.. . I seriously thought I was going to die during my wait for a table at Hash House.  My weekend in Vegas was coming to a close, and none too soon.  I killed more brain cells than I want to consider, and I was so ill from overconsumption that I could hardly sit up without battling the urge to hurl.  It was gnarly, at best.  I am so glad I waited, because Hash House magically cured me.. . Take my advice - if you had some errors in judgment during your Saturday night in Vegas, spend your Sunday morning by trekking to the Imperial Palace, wading through the smoke and celebrity impersonators, and taking the escalator to Hash House a Go Go.  Order a coke, and pick a skillet.  I suggest the chorizo.  Devour it.  Then go blow $50 in the penny slots and consume a hair of the dog that bit you.  All will be right in the universe again, trust me.
Hash House is considered the most famous breakfast place in Vegas, so I couldn't really pass up trying it on my most recent trip. It doesn't fit in very well with Imperial Palace's oriental theme, but that didn't stop us from coming in.. . Eater beware: the portions are HUUUUUGE. Our friends made the mistake of ordering a dish for themselves, and left at least half of it. Thankfully, I decided to split a dish with a friend, so we ended up finishing it all.. . I ordered the infamous Safe Fried Chicken & Waffles. I really didn't know what to expect, so I was surprised when I was served a sculpture. Yes friends, this was a work of art. Four waffles beautifully arranged with two chicken breasts skewered on top, covered with shallots and other garnishes. . . The waffles didn't have too much syrup on them, which is exactly how I like it. To my surprise, there was bacon cooked into the waffles, which was a pleasant surprise. The chicken was pretty lightly fried, which I enjoyed as well. The crust was sweet, but not too sweet, which was a good contrast to the savoury chicken. . . Overall, a great must have experience if you've in Vegas, and not too pricey at all. Service is a bit slow on weekdays, but you're going to need to take your time with these portions.
Good food!  Their mimosa was excellent.  Also, the B.L.T. bloody mary was pretty good!  toast could have used some work but other than that, i was a fan!  Had the veggie hash...great!  A little too much sun dried tomato for my taste BUT the potatoes were awesome!  We waiting approx 15 minutes so not too bad.  The waiter Richard was great!
Yummmmers!!. . The portions are huge, and the presentation impressive. The food suffers a little due to the large portion size, but just made sure to eat half and bring the rest home. Heat up the leftovers and eat it with tabasco sauce or siracha. Then its all good.
portions are crazy!!! so make sure u share!! food was super good for being so much too ... i will definitely make it back to try more...of course i'll have to go on a diet for like a month!! if i wanna eat here.... cause that's how much weight i'll probably gain back in one meal ...
After deplaning and being hungry, my husband and I decided to make this our first stop since we were staying at the Harrah's next door.  We had heard of the famous chicken and bacon waffles here so we decided to get that and a house salad.  For the house salad, we were expecting a small itty bitty side salad, but this was big! it was definitely worth it and the croutons weren't croutons, it had the consistency of maybe a slightly hard piece of biscuit, but delicious!! the cucumber dressing was really good as well--- . . the chicken and waffles was massivE! as shown on many pictures posted, it did not disappoint. chicken was juicy and good and the bacon waffles were well cooked and just overall yummy.  . . I am subtracting a star for service.  not very attentive and just kinda weird.  there was a 40 minute wait and when we were seated, the dining area we were in was half empty. sooooo, get more workers hash house!! i am looking forward to their reno location which is 2 hours from my home and i can get my fix more often!
Anytime Im near a Hash House its a must that I visit. I especially love to bring friends that have never been, just to see the looks on their faces when their food comes out. This time I managed to eat their 2x and tried something new each time. The salmon scramble was decent, however, the salmon was somewhat "fishy" and more like dry tuna than a moist salmon. So this particular meal I was disappointed in my choice. Upon my return for Easter Brunch I had the BEST Bloody Mary I have ever had and I tried their Meatloaf Sandwich (The Kokomo). The meatloaf was amazing! Best thing Ive had yet though is the Sage Chicken Hash.but Im going to keep trying something new everytime I can go! Love this place!!!
Went here for breakfast based on yelper ratings. The portions are HUGE! One order could easily fit two and plus ordinary stomachs. The fried leek or scallion was also tasty.
The first thing the server asked when we sat down was, "Have you guys been here and have you guys heard about our portion?"  LOL.  And it's true, the portion is HUGE.  We went there for breakfast and walked out stuffed.  I had their famous fried chicken eggs benedict while my husband tried their corn beef hash.  Our friends had meatloaf hash and french toast.  Everything was over the top, huge, and delicious.
Stopped here for lunch after a morning of drinking (yah I know but it's Vegas right?) and was glad to be seated after only a 5 minute wait.  We were kept entertained by all the photos of celebrities who've visited, so it wasn't too bad.. . Disclaimer:  The dishes here are definitely meant to be shared by at least two people.  There's so much food on the plate, that out of 11 hungry guys, only 1 was able to make it past the halfway mark (and that's because he got a sandwich).  That cornmeal breaded salmon sandwich did look might good.  The fries were crispy and well seasoned.  Not even my crazy friend, who usually eats like a mountain beast, could conquer his crispy hammered Pork Tenderloin Benedict.  This piece of pork was freakin huge and was about the size of the plate.  Biscuits and gooey goodness underneath, it was really good.  I also tried some of the gigantic chicken pot pie and that was also really good.  I ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken: fried chicken, fried cheese, thick crispy bacon, chipotle sauce, all over biscuits and more... just damn delicious!  Another friend also got the fried chicken over bacon waffles, which was also tasty.  But everything tastes better with bacon.  Fact.  They also had a vegetable hash skillet, which our vegetarian friend really enjoyed.. . The meal started off great, shoveling good food into our faces, but by the end we felt like sick pigs.  It was funny to watch my friend's agonizing face, while he kept taking "one more bite".
Yesterday was my first time eating here, I'm truly pissed it took me as long as it did!. . My friend and I saw how big the plates were, so we decided to split something. We went with the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. Thanks to our cool waiter, we also ordered a side of bacon for $3 in order to avoid the plate split charge of $2.50. . . The food was SO good! Their bacon was dee-effing-licious, as was the chicken and waffles! SO much food, even when we split a plate, we still couldn't finish it! The plate comes with two whole fried pieces of chicken breast, along with 4 Belgium waffles. Their waffles even have bacon IN them! SO damn good!!!. . It's a LOT of food, I'd say split a plate with someone. Unless you're a linebacker, there's NO WAY you'll be able to finish something on your own. Their pricing isn't bad, considering how much food it is. I know their whole thing here is "huge plates", but lowering the price and limiting the amount they give you, would make more sense to me. I just saw too many people waste their food.. . The place is simple and cool looking, and our server was very cool. I definitely recommend this place.. . Food: 4. Ambience: 3. Service: 4. Value: 3.5
The food here is reasonably priced with huge portions that only I seem to finish when I go with my friends. At the one in San Diego, I always got the cheeseburgers, but then I saw Man Vs Food and that "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken" thing is just too good to pass up every time I go now.. . Be prepared to wait in line for a long time. Keep in mind there is a casino literally an escalator ride below you and you're in Las Vegas so if you can't keep yourself occupied for 45 minutes, you need more help than a good meal can provide.
Awesome Food....been here twice now and loved it  both times....share with a friend if you you want to continue to party hard in Vegas.
Do you like waiting forever to get seated?. . Do you like getting enormous  portions of delicious food that you'll want to save your throw up for later?. . Do you like Bloody Marys made with BACON?. . If so go to hash house a go go. Settled on the second level of a hidden casino on the strip. Awesome food but you'll probably want to split a plat with someone the portions are serious. Also be smart and get reservations.
The BEST bloody mary I have EVER had! EVER! It comes with a giant straw for maximum consumption, and literally everything about it was perfect! . . This Hash House location is inside a pretty sketch casino, but the restaurant itself is quite nice and we didn't have a long wait for table even though the place was packed. Service was slow but I guess I expected it. The FOUR of us shared ONE meal (sage fried chicken benedict) along with a very nice fruit salad and it was the perfect little brunch! I am not really a food mixer, so I am weary of things with a lot of ingredients, but everything worked so well together and the sauce was amazing! But in all honesty, the champagne drinks and bloody marys are really the show stoppers here!!!
this place was fun. came here with 6 girls, shared 3 GINORMOUS plates and had left overs. our bellies were full and VERY happy. the wait wasn't too bad. it was a saturday during the lunch rush but we only waited about 20 min.. . i highly recommend the hammered pork tenderloin sandwich. the pork was breaded and super tender. all it needed was some tonkatsu sauce but ketchup and tabasco sufficed. we ordered the sage fried chicken of course but next time i could do without. the white meat portions tasted bland and dry to me. the fries were delicious though and the SNICKERBAR flapjacks...what can i say? i love snickers! i don't have the biggest sweet tooth but this was pretty damn good. towards the end, when everyone was to capacity, i kept picking at the damn snicker morsels. so damn good. . . definitely good for kids and large groups. don't over order. you'll be sorry. :)
The only thing that sucks about this place is that they DON'T have a location in Boston!!  Lol!  I came here for vaca in March and we literally came here 3 times for breakfast!!  . . They have out of this world BLT bloody mary's and yes it is exactly what you are picturing!  Bloody mary rimmed with crushed up bacon, garnished with a slice of lettuce, tomato, and a slice of bacon, with a piece of white toast on the side for dipping!  My thoughts exactly!!!  It even came out on its own plate!. . We were pretty overwhelmed with the menu because we wanted EVERYTHING on it!  A friend and I decided to share some things so we could try a little of it all.  First up, the Snickers pancake, yes just one, but that is all you need as it is 12 inches wide!  It was heavenly delicious!  Second, we got the Fried Chicken and Waffles (which were infused with slices of bacon).  Heart attack on a plate, YES!  But well worth it!  Lastly, the Hash dish with grilled chicken, asparagus, and sundried tomatoes atop homestyle potatoes with 2 eggs, and a fresh biscuit!  A bit on the healthy side compared to everything else, but fresh and tasty none the less!  The marmalade that came with the biscuit made it.  . . Definitely make this stop a must on your Vegas vacation!!
May 28, 2011 Saturday - dinner 6:15 PM. 2 adults & kid. . Atmosphere - 4 stars. Food - 5 stars. Service - 3 stars. . Background - Picked this based on the reviews I read about the one in Reno.  I assumed it was in Harrah's in Vegas too.  But I was wrong.  I got redirected after asking security at Harrah's.  Then I walked past the escalator without realizing the restaurant was on the second floor in a special section.  None of their "floor - traffic" boards even mention Hash House.. . Atmosphere - Trendy place but the tables are too tall or the chairs are too short.  Too trendy for my taste, I just found it difficult for me at 5' 11", my daughter had at least a pillow to help her out.  . . Food. Appetizer - We had the dinner menu but did not see anything listed that looked like an app.. . Main Course - We ordered the Duck to split between the two of us.  The waiter warned us the sizes were very large.  He was not kidding.  The duck was very good.  But the mashed yams/potatoes stole the meal.  Oh my they were so good.  I can not even describe it.  I do not know if it was the wrapped meat around it or just the mixing of yams with it, but it made the meal!  They also finished the plate with whole carrots and green beans on the sides.. . Dessert - This thing was large enough for one person as a meal.  We ordered the bread pudding made with snickers.  It took 20 minutes after we placed the order so you know they just made it for us, awesome!  The amount of vanilla ice cream on top of the black gooey mess was more than I would put in a bowl for myself.  $8 for this gooey heaven was well worth the wait.  If they have this in Reno I could see going their just for that alone.  It is worth every calorie.  By the way the three of us probably only ate a third of it after the huge dinner.. . Service - I have to say I was very disappointed here.  Best way to put the host station was seriously lacking.  Sure a large party was in front of us.  But after the one and only hosted figured out how many people there was he disappeared for a while with no word to us.  And what was strange was the restaurant was not overly full, maybe 50% occupancy.   Our waiter was very friendly and helpful.  He promptly told us about the $2.50 split plate charge for our dinner.  But before dinner was served he brought me my extra plate.  The plate was not clean, but you could tell it went thru the dishwasher.  His response to the dirty plate is "I just grab and go" which makes sense since the pile plates should be perfect for service.  With dessert the food was delivered by a food runner.  He realized we did not have silverware and he went to grab some.  I could see him searching and picking out clean ones from the tray of spoons.  So that make question how clean the ones we did not get.  I think they have a dishwasher issue.
This restaurant is located inside the Imperial Palace.   Based on that fact, I totally didn't expect this place to be as awesome as it turned out to be.  My friends and I only tried this place out because my bf's sister (a major foodie) said that they had a good breakfast selection.  . . The bf and I shared:. . - Fresh Market Tomato Salad: If you're gonna try a salad, try this one.  What won me over was the griddled crispy Parmesan cheese that topped the salad.  It was soo goood.. . -NY Times Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower:  Okay, this is seriously something you HAVE to try when coming here.  There's BACON in the waffles.  Crispy fried chicken is so perfectly crispy.  Then there's the leek on top?!!  I loved it.  I personally didn't like to combine the two but I also didn't mind eating it side by side.  What can be wrong about fried chicken??? And there's definitely nothing wrong with waffles.  The two make a very nice couple.. . I was also able to try one of my friends':. . - Stuffed Burgers (you get to choose from about 3 different stuffings - he tried mashed potato, bacon, and cheddar cheese): I thought the burger was okay...it was a little bit on the dry side but all in all, I like the combination of flavors in the 1 pounder.  . . The service was decent.  We liked our waiter.  He knew the right times to come by.  I like the atmosphere.  Very diner like.  Apparently a lot of famous people come here so you can check out their wall of fame, which is pretty cool.. . . The hotel itself is so sucky but I guess not horrible.  The place reaks and I wouldn't stay here again (was here for the cheap prices haha).  BUT do come here for this restaurant :)
Presentation is key, and also the key element when I rated this restaurant.. . My friends and I went nearing Memorial Day weekend. I, of course, suggested this place only because I'm a Man vs. Food fan and had to try the ever so popular Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict. The dish was absolutely massive and the presentation was perfect. The combination of the flavors (tomatoes, cheese, bacon, and egg) was definitely something to "Yelp" about all on its own - - down to the mash potatoes and the huge, fresh biscuit.  However, I found the chicken itself to be good, but not great [hence a rating of only4 stars]. As a fried chicken connoisseur there was absolutely no flavor in the chicken. It definitely had to be combined with the chipotle sauce to be fully enjoyed, but it was not dry. I did eventually add Tabasco sauce which heightened the entire dish ten-fold. Furthermore, although it was not a Man vs. Food challenge, you can't eat the entire dish. It's just impossible. If you're able to finish the dish and live to tell about it, I'd be convinced that (1) an additional stomach was surgically added to your digestive system or (2) you're a cow.. . The waiter was extremely nice and very accommodating I must add. I would definitely suggest this place to any Vegas visitors/residents that want good food, good portions, and at a seemingly good price. Enjoy yourselves and don't forget the Tabasco! ;-)
Yummm! Came for breakfast on a whim when in Vegas.  My friend had seen it on the tourism channel at the hotel.  We had about a 35minute wait, well worth it!  The food is huge - TOO huge, yes. BUT delicious! So often you got a lot and it sucks, but this was great!  We ate until we couldn't eat any more, but weren't sick, just super full.  Basically, we weren't hungry for about 8 hours! More time to visit!. . My friend had the buttermilk pancake with toasted coconut - DELICIOUS! The pancake was HUUUUGGEE!. . I had the hash with artichoke, sun dried tomatoes, mushroom, and spinach.  It came with eggs (I had over easy) and a biscuit. I ate about HALF! . . My gf had the hash with salmon and cream cheese; also YUM!. . If I went back we would def split and get an extra biscuit. But for the quality and quantity, $14 bucks is not too bad! Also: lemonade and pineapple mimosas are YUM!
What you must know: The prices are a little high, but they are justified by the portions! Skip the gluttony of the buffet and eat brunch here and you'll be fueled until late in the evening (just in time to charge your battery and go deep into the night with your Vegas fun).. . The atmosphere is nice and casual. The drinks are amazing (BLT Bloody Mary anyone?). But the main attraction is the food. It was amazing for the portions and the price of it.. . I had the chicken and waffles and it was epic. Just to put the awesomeness into perspective I offer you this: They bake the bacon right into the waffle. It's so good! 4 waffles, 2 chicken breasts, a crap-ton of calories and absolutely no remorse.. . Go here. Enjoy a meal and you won't be dissapointed.
If ever I find myself starving in vegas, and by starving I mean ravenous enough to eat a baby elephant, Hash House A Go Go is my favorite place to go. . . The portions here are out of control. It doesn't matter what you order, each order can feed 2-4 people. But despite this, I always like ordering my own entree because that means I'll have leftovers for drunken munchies post-clubbing. . . A few of my favorite things here: . -Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (under the Indiana Favorites of the breakfast menu). -Any of the flavored flapjacks. -French Toast. -Famous Sausage (under the Indiana Favorites of the breakfast menu). -Roasted Chicken House Hash.. . If there's a must get for me every time I'm here, it's the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade. Not too sweet, not too tart, not too tangy... just right! And the thick, giant watermelon slice to garnish the drink is the icing on the cake. Don't leave HHaGG without ordering this!! . . Yes, this place is not health-conscious or diet friendly. The portions are much too large, the food is super rich and hearty and probably artery clogging...... but cmon folks... live a little!
Good food! Big A** portions! Cheap. Minus one star for service.
This place is pretty good.. . Yeah its located inside the Imperial Palace Hotel and Casino but don't let that fool you. Once you enter this restaurant, you wouldn't even remember you were at the IP.. . The portions were big enough to share between two people. We got the Hash House Meatloaf and Pasta and a side of Roasted Potatoes. BOTH WERE DELICIOUS!!!!! ]. . Other reviews complained about the long wait...although it wasn't as fast as Denny's of BJ's, the wait wasn't too bad...it was like a 20min wait for the food to arrive at the table. You're in VEGAS!!!!!! ENJOY IT!!!! Have a nice relaxing dinner...you're in the city of hustle and bustle all day long...rest up and enjoy the food!. . I would definitely come back to this place if I have a chance.
I became a fan of Hash House after visiting the Sahara Avenue location with some of the fam. We had a car, so we decided to go off the strip to eat. I was super excited to find out that they were opening one along the Strip at Imperial Palace.. . The wait isn't too bad. Kinda slacking on the Diamond Members though. We thought we'd get faster service, but we seemed to keep getting pushed back. If you're going to have a separate Diamond Members line, then cater to it PLEASE.. . My usual here is the Brown Sugar Banana Flapjack. DELICIOUSSSSS!!!!! :D I love getting this. My sweet tooth gets the best of me. Maybe order something non-sweet on the side when you need a "break," haha. Maybe some eggs & sausage...or something. . . The portions are HUGEEEE!!! I love it. Totally can share too, but there's a sharing cost. . . Wait for food takes awhile..so do NOT go there starving. Make sure you have something in your stomach already &/or be prepared to wait awhile for food. . . LOVE this place. Can't wait to go again :)
Holy cow... food is GINORMOUS and super tasty...the breakfast quesadilla, real good, the biscuits and gravy, real good, the scrambler with goat cheese and sun dried tomatos, real good and the mango coconut pancakes, real good.  Everything was real good and when I am in Vegas I'll be eating here again!
Went for Dinner on a Tuesday night , No wait Baby , Had a restaurant.com certificate , No Problem , Asked if they still had The Twitter Free Drink of the Day , No Problem, it was a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer , Never Had it before, well that's off the bucket list . . Ordered The Meat Loaf Sandwich , Very Good , Mash With Bacon wit Cheddar Holy Shit Batman Awesome!   needed to up the bill to use the certificate , so My Associate & I split The Fruit Cobbler with Vanilla Ice Cream.. Best Part of the Meal.. Food was Great , Service was Excellent . . Also will review The Henderson Hash House@ The M  , Not so Sparkling . . But 2 thumbs up for The IP Location
huge portions and SO NOM NOM NOM. . 1. bacon cheddar mashed potatoes: DELISH . BUT: eating it was kind of hard because there were long strips of bacon underneath a blanket of cheese. sounds delish but honestly I wish the bacon was cut up or something. As much as I love bacon i didn't like how I would be basically a crap ton of bacon with no potato. boo. . . 2. Sage Fried Chicken Benedict: *dies* SO GOOD. * I personally like to eat things separately and not have my food touching (OCD much?? haha) but this dish OMG it only tastes good if you mix it up!! So... basically. . Eating it separately: meh. Eating it together: AHHHHH! NOM NOM NOM ^__^ . . Go there but be prepared to share!!! Also, they do have a split fee charge, but if you order a side they won't charge the fee. so yeah DO IT . . ** My only problem with the benedict is that the biscuits were kind of hard :/ like seriously hard. blech. BUTTTT once its covered in the sauce and mashed potatoes its like VOILA nom nom biscuit.
The food is excellent. I had the chicken and waffles. The portions were huge! Two chicken breasts and four thick waffles The chicken was crispy and juicy. The waffles were tasty. Crisp on the outside and cakey on the inside. If some people don't like the waffles I think it's because they don't realize the waffles should be crispy and not spongy like most diner and frozen waffles are. Also people that say the waffles are tough may not realize that there is a piece of thick cut bacon baked into the waffle. The maple reduction is good but I would have liked a little more. I did ask for additional syrup. I also sampled the chorizo jalepeno scramble. The eggs were fluffy and the chorizo was nice and spicy. The potatoes were well cooked and tasty. The biscuit was little dry and could have used some butter or jelly.. . The issue was with the service. Our wait for table was only five minute but I can see how at peak hours it's much longer. Our server took our orders very quickly and brought us drinks right away, however, it took a while to get refills. It did take a while for our food to come out and when it did the scramble was brought out about five minutes before the two orders of chicken and waffles. I hope this was due to the busyness of the restaurant and the fact the food was clearly prepared fresh. It was worth the wait.
Hash House A Go Go is restaurant serving up a mix of Southern and down home farmland cooking or "Twisted farm food" as they say. They have 4 locations in Nevada and one in California serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.. . I'd heard all the fuss about Man vs Food and knew I better check this place out. We were a group of 10 and since reservations weren't allowed, we expected a long wait. We arrived at 6:30pm on a Friday surprised to see no line and lots of empty tables.  It's never a good sign for a place to be that empty on a Friday, but maybe it's because it's so hidden within the Imperial Palace Casino. . . I grew up eating food like this, but never have I seen such large portions and presentation. We were served complementary biscuits before dinner. These things were impressively huge, but a bit too dense. Iprefer a light and fluffy biscuit, but easily ate a half of one drizzled with honey.  For the main course, I ordered the sage fried chicken benedict. This thing could have fed a family of four, with two boneless pieces of fried chicken served over a biscuit, mashed potatoes, tomatoes, spinach and covered with scrambled eggs, bacon, mozzarella and chipotle cream sauce for $15.95.  Overall the dish looked impressive, but didn't wow me on taste. It was good, but I expected bold flavors and didn't get it. Of course I was happy to sample several other people's food at the table like the meatloaf pasta, the BBQ ribs and the chicken pot pie.  I found the pot pie to be the best out of everything I tried. The meatloaf pasta was good, but the St. Louis style ribs were disappointing, but of course I am spoiled being from St. Louis. Probably the most entertaining part of the experience was watching a drunk guy at a table nearby devour his platter of chicken benedict without passing out in it.. . Overall, I'd give this place 5 stars for friendly service and amazingly large and creative portions, but only 3 stars on taste that doesn't match presentation.  Definitely worth a visit though just for the experience!
Hash House is definitely something special! I went here after hearing that it was a Man VS Food favorite. I was very impressed with how the restaurant could serve ungodly portions, yet still give each dish unique touches that gave the presentation a touch of delicate class.. . Not to mention my pancake was as big as my torso. Now that's worth at least 4 stars!
Seriously, huge huge portions! Our group of four shared three plates of food and were seriously stuffed. The whole restaurant is farm-styled and their specialties are their hashes!. . Definitely order anything off of the Hash breakfast entrees. . We ordered:. HH Roasted Chicken. HH Meatloaf. Warm Spinach Salad. . The roasted chicken was really dry, so maybe that's one hash plate you should avoid. The meatloaf plate was very pleasing and is well worth trying! Our spinach saladhad waay too much dressing than my liking.. . Also, be prepared for a wait :( 15-20 mins
I liked the vibe, my waiter was cool, and they give large portions!  I got a BLT so I can't really judge the food taste but I'd def go back. My favorite part of the restaurant was the music, I was in shock at all the great songs I heard...from Al green to singles off TLC's crazy sexy cool...i loved it!
My highest rating for a breakfast venue ever !
My husband and son love breakfast, so we had to try this place. (and because it was on man vs. food!)  Talk about HUGE PORTIONS! Totally worth it!  Great place to go after a long night out in Vegas.  . . FOOD ORDERED:. -HH signature Mimosa - just right for Vegas!. . -2 Tractor Driver Combo's (includes 2 farm eggs, bacon, sausage, or potatoes with 1 hash house signature flapjack).. . I got the Brown Sugar Banana Flap Jacks with my combo - fluffy & wholesome, and was the size of an XL plate.. . Hubby got the Snickers Flap Jack - ehhh, needed more snickers.... . Kids Bacon Waffle (had large strips of bacon baked into a LARGE waffle) - sweet and salty, what a perfect balance.... . ATMOSPHERE: . In the Imperial Palace, 2nd floor. It has its own escalators. Got a little lost. Needs more signs in Casino. Clean, Metal, garage like, Reminds me of an upscale burger joint. . . SERVICE:. 25 minute wait. Went there at 1100 am. Good at first, then slow at the end to bring the check. But, overall good.. . TIP:. You can use restaurant.com coupons here!
Delicious. The huge portions just blew me out of the water. Now, they're not impossible portions; they're just a belt-snapping, belly-bursting kind of do-able. . . I especially loved the fried chicken eggs benedict because the hollandaise sauce had that perfect tangy, creamy, almost spicy kick to it. Just perfect. Probably the best hollandaise I've ever had. The friend chicken and waffles?Similarly delicious. The waffles were fresh, with that just-barely crispy outer layer with the soft, warm, steam-filled insides, topped with a healthy pour of maple syrup along with a giant portion of delicious fried chicken: not too much fried, and not only chicken, if you know what I mean. After this meal, I literally felt drunk. My head was light and my vision was lagging behind the movement of my head. I had to go sleep off this food-hangover right after I paid the bill. Now that's class. . . I'll be honest, I haven't had anything else. But my friend said the mimosas were good. . . The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because the hostess was kind of a sourpuss. I get that we can't be seated until our whole party is there, but they were literally coming up the escalator and as we pointed that out, she turned and helped someone else, only addressing us again 15 minutes later. I don't know; I expected some more friendliness? Some more courtesy? She was definitely kind of rude in her demeanor as well. But the serving staff? Wonderful! So friendly, so helpful, and so cheery. It made me (almost) forget the girl from the front. . . The atmosphere was nice, definitely a diner kind vibe. Overall, awesome, despite being kind of out of place at the Imperial Palace! Thumbs up.
After two disappointing dinners, I wanted to take my family somewhere with reliably good food.  Having been to the San Diego location (of which I still have fond memories), I knew Hash House was the way to go.. . It was a bit of a challenge finding the restaurant (go to the center of the Imperial Palace casino and take the escalator up), but the hostess was friendly and courteous and we were seated after just five to ten minutes of waiting.. . We ordered the sage fried chicken benedict, meatloaf hash, and griddled french toast.  The meatloaf hash consisted of blocks of underseasoned meat nestled amongst huge blocks of potatoes, which gave an overall effect of dry mushiness.  The fried chicken benedict was pretty good, but I didn't eat much of it because the french toast was right in front of me and I LOVE FRENCH TOAST.  This one was no disappointment; the big, fluffy toast tasted great with the banana cinnamon cream, blackened banana and toasted pecans.  I forced myself to finish the whole thing because it was just that good.. . Overall my family was happy with the amount and quality of the food.  A warning though: Hash House serves up diet-busting, waistline-expanding, food coma-inducing goodness.  For the sake of everyone on the road, please don't eat here right before making a 4+ hour drive home.  Trust me, you'll regret it.
Not gonna lie, I went here just for the sage fried chicken eggs benedict because I saw it on Man vs. Food..... HOLY COW!!!. . The food was incredible and the service, outstanding. The pieces of fried chicken was huge and delicious! If it was just the fried chicken, I would still think it is absolutely amazing. Very flavorful. There was fried mozzarella cheese on it... I love fried cheese. They thought of everything! There is some spinach and some tomatoes that compliments the dish very well. The bacon is crunchy and the creamy chipotle sauce on it was outstanding!!. . I would say that the only disappointment was that they use scramble eggs instead of poached eggs. My girlfriend had a dish with roasted chicken in it.. not good at all. She didn't even finish it, and didn't even eat it as leftovers afterwards. . . go here... get the sage fried chicken eggs benedict; you will thank me
If you like has house then this is a great alternative to their original location.  No wait, large restaurant with relative easy access via the M resort and hosts the same menu as  the original location.  Food is outstanding so please check it out!
A must try in Vegas.  2 Locations- one on the strip, surprisingly in IMPERIAL PALACE (gives this hotel some flare), and the other location- a drive away.. . Featured restaurant on man vs food.  Twisted comfort farm food.  Been here twice.  Ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  Massive show of massed potatoes, topped with biscuits, topped with eggs benedict, friend chicken, holladaise sauce.  The first 5 bites are sinful.  After that, you're just full.  Each plate is a serving for two.  Yes you can order it for yourself, but I prefer to share.  . . Only downside, the last time I ate here the eggs benedict were not poached eggs, actually it was scrambled?! WTF?!  I didn't ask questions, was too busy devouring my meal.. . Friends ordered fried chicken and waffles- waffles were infused with full sized strips of bacon.  Also a pancake plate- the size of a 15" pizza.. . Everytime I visit Vegas, I must go here!!
Gargantuan Burgers... is all I have to say. . . My group was staying at the imperial palace and instead of walking to a different hotel for lunch, we decided to give the hash house a try. Honestly, saying that the portions are large doesn't quite describe how big their portions are. We're talking total eclipse here. I highly recommend splitting a plate with someone or having someone order the least expensive item on the menu (a biscuit) to avoid the split plate charge. It doesn't get anymore american than this... size wise
This place is real, red-white-and-blue American gluttony at its finest. Portions are enough to feed a small family, and at decent prices. We were staying at IP, looking for something convenient, and were glad we came here! Interesting, creative, quality comfort food at great prices. . . It was a 20-minute wait, but the food looked so interesting that we waited. 20 minutes was perfect to go downstairs, get some Fat Tuesday and some shots, and come back. Hey, it's vacation!. . As we admired other people's sage fried chicken and waffles (which looked like a gargantuan tower), the waitress took our drink orders. Despite having yard drinks in front of us, we decided to try the BLT Mary out of the sheer oddity of it. It was a spicy bloody mary served with a tomato round, lettuce, and bacon slice inside, a bacon salt rim, and a piece of toast. Not the most flavorful bloody mary I've had, but still good and very original. . . I went with the Smoked Salmon Hash (house-smoked salmon, scallions, scrambled eggs, potatoes, cream cheese, fruit and a huge biscuit on the side) while my date went with the quesadilla (chicken, jalapenos, potatoes, some other things, topped with chili cream and served over mashed potatoes). Both plates were shockingly huge, and we each got through about 1/3 of them. . . I really enjoyed my dish and the combination of ingredients, and the salmon portion was very generous. My date, who usually makes fun of me for being white and not being able to handle spicy things, had to take some of the chopped jalapeno out because there was so much of it. It was a terrific omelet though, very unique, and the chili cream is what made the dish amazing. . . Service was fast and attentive. We'll be back!
hung over and looking for some good ol' greasy breakfast to fill your queasy stomach?. . Head over to Hash House hidden within the shady alleys of Imperial palace.  Treat your stomach, who's probably still mad at you, to a satisfyingly greasy hot mess, they call on the menu: andy's special sage fried chicken benedict.  . . So finger lickin good, it makes a girl like me feel guilty just by looking at it.  If you're not that into sauce, i would recommend getting it on the side, cus they drench this dish in it.  The sauce is good, but really heavy...I would split this with another hung over buddy.  The sizes are mighty hefty.
We ate here with family and the wait was pretty long, and our food took forever to come to our table.  However, the portions were large, and the food was delicious.  My hubby ordered a huge burger with all the fixings and mash potatoes on the side.  I had the sage fried chicken salad with a biscuit, and I could only finish half it because it was so much food.
Went here twice during our recent trip to Vegas.  We ate once for breakfast and once for lunch - FYI the menus change for each.   Portions are HUGE, Food was great., Wait wasn't long.  Customer service the first time we went (breakfast around 11am) sucked.  The place wasn't that busy - maybe 5 other tables and 4 other waiters/waitresses but our waiter took forever to even stop by to introduce himself.  Drinks took awhile to get to us as did the food after we ordered.  Worst part about it was who I'm assuming was the manager had the staff that was just literally standing around clean the booths and not just touch ups but actually removing the seats and cleaning under.  This would be great if they didn't have to do it at the booths all around our table.  Call me crazy but dust and dirt and old food particles flying in the air as I'm eating isn't that appealing to me!  Luckily the food was awesome and I was starving so I was able to eat fast.  The second time we went our waiter was on point.  Nice younger guy who greeted us promptly,  offered to go over the menu with us, and even made recommendations - which didn't disappoint.  The hostess this time was quite rude though.  She had seated our table one seat short so we grabbed a chair from the empty table behind us.  Well this didn't float with her as when she came back around she told us that she needed that chair and that we needed to grab one from another table, one w/ opened slats on the back.  Umm ok why?! ?! And why not be a little nicer when  you say this to paying customers?!  Luckily again our waiter saved the day and made light of the situation w/ a joke about matching chairs.  Again the food was great so all in all we left happy.  I rate this place 5 stars on the food and 3 stars on the customer service (all thanks to our second experience w/ the waiter) so I averaged it out at 4 stars.
So I've been meaning to get my Hash House fix for a while and was pleased to find that there was one located on the strip! No more venturing off to Henderson for the other location!. . So I have tried a few things here before, but I'm writing this review for the brown sugar banana pancakes! They are simply delicious!! I wish I had ordered more (btw, I'm not a monster, I ordered the tractor combo and shared it). I haven't tried the other flavors of pancakes, and probably never will since the brown sugar banana pancakes are super satisfying! :). . Anyway, also had the kiwi watermelon lemonade again, which is always good! Oh and if you want to split a meal, which I highly recommend since the portions are huge, there is a fee of $2.50.
I went here on the recommendation of every single Yelper I met who knew I was going to Vegas. My only comment to y'all: THANK YOU.. . Smores Mocha? Amazing. I could only drink about 1/8 of it because it's so sweet, but those few sips were worth the calories.. . Sage fried chicken and waffles in a maple reduction sauce? I managed to make a dent in about a quarter of the plate before I waived my fat little white flag of defeat. As a girl who lived in NC for 4 years, I know my fried chicken, and this was really good. Not true southern style, but still, amazing.. . Definitely good hangover food. Our food was delivered a little out of order but the waitress was super apologetic and attentive.. . Go here. Eat. Be merry.
I wish my appetite was as huge as my eyes when the chicken eggs benedict arrived at our table.  I barely put a dent in it.  I wanted to eat so much more.  It was so good.  Especially when washed down with their signature BLT Blood Mary.
Large portions and friendly staff. Biscuits and gravy were good while chicken and waffles were ok. Would come here again.
We went here for dinner late one night and it was awesome! The portions are HUGE! I loved the presentation of sandwiches with the Rosemary sticking out. I got the pork tenderloin sandwich thing with fries and hardly put a dent in it it was so large; delicious none the less. My boyfriend got a stuffed burger with bacon,avocado, and cheddar and his description= 5 stars. Reasonable, fun. Menu, good atmosphere. I'll always come here on Vegas trips.
we went to hash house a go go after my sister saw a commercial during our vegas stay last week...i was pretty much like every other commenter - hungover, hungry for real food and trying to not to lose any of it as a result of being hungover...but this here joint? Damn Good! it is now my new favorite place to moan after a long vegas night.  i decided the bacon scramble was the way to go and she went with the sage chicken/smashed potatoes/cheese eggs platter. the wait is annoying, the yelling so early (and with my senses heightened) wasn't what i was going for, but siddling up to a breakfast bar, and enjoying a drink while i waited for my food was just what the doctor (and my sister) ordered. and the bar staff worked harder in the hour i sat there watching them than most people do all day - amazing creations, fab food.. can't wait to go back!
I won't let my bad meal deter me from giving this place a great rating.  There is always a long wait, but it is well worth it.  Never have I seen portions so large for a price so reasonable.  The servers there are so passionate about their job.  . . I ordered a hamburger and the server suggested I live a little and try the meatloaf - long story short - my cut was sub par and that is being nice, however another person in our party ordered the same thing and it came out beautifully - albeit theirs came out 20 mins before mine.  But the presentation was still spot on.  When our server asked how I enjoyed it, I was honest - sadly I think he might have shed a tear - I kind of regret it - because really other than my dish the whole experience was excellent.  I'd definitely be willing to give it another go and would suggest it to anyone visiting Vegas!
My husband and I came here for breakfast to this location after trying to decide what we wanted to eat. We had ate at one of their other locations off the strip last year and were already prepared for the portions sizes. We opt to split one of their breakfast meals and were not disappointed. There is a small surcharge for plate sharing but at this place it is is well worth it. The banana brown sugar flapjack tasted very good and had chunks of bananas throughout. It reminded me banana nut crunch cereal. Make sure you have plently of time to waste. The service was very slow and took awhile to get refills on my coffee and water.
Does it live up to the hype?. . Hash House A Go Go ( probably the only reason you would go inside Imperial Palace) in a certain way does live up to the hype.. . Expect a hour wait when you get there. The portions are HUGE, and even though it is pricey, you would pay the same amount for a buffet, for roughly the same amount of food that an average person could eat.. . Biggest Recommendation for First timers:. Get: the ANDY'S Sage Fried Chicken ( This is Benedict with the light orange sauce on top of it)...there are so many flavors thrown, the sweet of the biscuits, to the salty of the friend chicken and bacon, to the savory of the sauce on top, with the cheese and tomatoes make for a great meal.. . Do Not Get: regular Sage Fried Chicken (Waffles on  top of fried chicken)...yes it might taste god, but this was somewhat of a let down...This to me was too regular.. . Hash House a Go Go is twisted farm food. It is great comfort food, but be reasonable with your expectations. I certainly was!
A burger lovers dream, delicious ranch dressing(not white but greenish as it contains cucumber), perfectly fried French fries. All plates are huge, French toast was good but they served the end of the loaf,bummer,they serve beer, mimosa had too much juice. All in all, I'm glad Adam Richman of man vs food recommended it, so do I. Enjoy.
This is the first Hash House A Go Go that i've ever been to. i've came here March 2009 and was pretty hung over. a mimosa sounded really good so i got one of those, and for my breakfast i chose the chorizo hash. pretty simple decision. i wasn't really in the mood to read the whole menu. -__- i regret doing that. i wish i actually saw the whole menu that day. the food was still great none the less. the biscuit was so good! especially with their homemade compote that's already on the table waiting for you to use. a little tease. . . then i went to the hash house a go go on sahara for the second time. that's another review hmm :). . for the 3rd time i came back to this one! and i was for sure hungry! hehe. i got the cinnamon roll coffee to start of with. and it was too freakin' good. it had a whole cinnamon stickin it. haha so i broke it in half and gave it to my other friends to put in thier coffees. tee hee. and my friend, a fellow yelper, Allen N., and I decided to spit and share the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict and the Salmon Eggs Benedict. both were huge and really delicious. i absolutely love their biscuit. man oh man. my girlfriend got the biscuits and gravy and a corned beef hash. can't go wrong with corned beef though. haha that gravy though... DAMN... . it's official, every time i go to Las Vegas, i'm going to a Hash House A Go Go!
The food was pretty damn good and the portions enormous. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and the chicken was fried perfectly and the sauce was very creative and was a combination I never had.
The portions here are huge! And the food is extremely delicious. I'd go as far to say that their chicken and waffles is better than Roscoe's! Blasphemy, I know.. .  The staff is friendly enough especially when you consider this is Vegas and there's a huge crowd waiting to be seated during the brunch hours (during which I went with my girlfriend).. . The only annoying thing was, and I'm sure it was a one time thing, that the section we were seated at was constantly being attacked by these damn gnats. Hopefully that doesn't happen again.
Insane meal. The portions make Claim Jumpers portions look like a little mid-morning snack. . . We made our way to the Imperial Palace (hopefully the last time I ever say those words) on Friday night at about 10pm. We were expecting a huge wait and no one was there. We were seated in the empty dining room. . . We ordered our drinks and the Cornmeal Shrimp starter and Sage Chicken and Waffles to share. The shrimp was okay, four shrimp but the cornmeal crust fell off with the first bite. The chicken and waffles were amazing. Fried leeks, bacon cooked into the waffles, super good fried chicken ... we loved it. . . I think we tried everything we wanted to on the menu, so we probably won't go back, but we loved it for a one-time visit.
Great breakfast place at the Imperial Palace. I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles which is belgian waffles stuffed with bacon and topped with fried chicken and fried leeks and maple syrup. Was very excited to try this meal and it was good overall, although a little disappointing. The chicken was a little dry and I kept dousing my meal in maple syrup, but the chicken was absorbing it so it still was somewhat dry. However, it was good overall and the other people who got regular breakfast seemed to enjoy it a lot.
This place was amazing enough for me and my friends to go to twice in a row! The waiter was quirky and funny, and also very friendly :) He recognized us the second time we came too ("Oh, long time no see!") We heard about the giant portions of Hash House, and we starved ourselves accordingly. Still, we could only order 3 plates for 6 people :\ Be warned that there it is $2.50ish for every extra PLATE they put on the table for sharing! So with both days, we ordered:. . Chicken and waffles: AMAZING. A-MAAAAA-ZINGGGGGG!!!!!! We ordered this twice because it was so good! Big bacon strips cooked right INTO the waffle and sticking out at all sorts of delicious angles! Not too sweet to overpower, yet not too salty to be weird. YUM. I could eat a whole plate by myself! The chicken was not bad either, though alone I felt that it was a bit bland. The fried green onions around it also gave the dish a great zing!. . Chicken benedict: Not really a benedict, as there is no hollandaise sauce. Instead, it is a creamy chipotle sauce that my friends LOVED. They actually ordered extra sauce ($1.95) and cleaned it COMPLETELY. The benedict was very filling, but also good...I'm just not really sure what I ate aside from the chicken and the biscuit or something.... . Meatloaf: Holy mother of pearl this was GOOD! Meatloaf was tender and held together just right! The potatoes were also very delicious and the green beans were cooked to a nice delicate crunchy perfection! Carrots were meh, but no one's complaining with the rest of the dish! Tip: Meatloaf tastes ORGASMIC with the chipotle cream sauce!. . Chicken pot pie: This was very good as well. Light and a teensy bland/plain compared to the other dishes, but still good in its own right. My friend busted out the tabasco to spice it up, and I put in a bit more salt and pepper. Chicken was moist, and the chunks of potato and veggies were all cooked just right. Only thing was that the biscuit was hard as a rock. I think I finally broke one with my teeth and a part of the biscuit flew out and near hit the person across from me. I don't mind too much though as the rest of the dish (and the other dishes) were so good.. . Pancake, scrambled eggs, potatoes: The pancake is GIANT! The godfather of all pancakes! It was probably 5 normal IHOP pancakes (make that 6 or 7) clumped together and stacked with another 6 or 7 pancakes! Not as delicious as the waffle IMO, but definitely a WOW factor. The pancake had a good taste, but at some points it did feel like it was way too thick for me (not what she said). Not much to say on the eggs (they were normal?), but the potatoes had this weird crunchiness which made us wonder if it was leftover fried potatoes from breakfast/lunch...seemed to be re-fried or something. Both eggs and potatoes need more salt, but I honestly just wouldn't order this dish. Why get pancakes when you got CHICKEN AND WAFFLES?!?. . Overall? Mouthgasm. It was funny seeing my guy friends just put a bite in their mouth, sit back, and siiiiiiiiiiiiigh. Definitely come here when you stop by Vegas! Oh, and as for pricing...this was essentially all-you-can-eat as there was SO MUCH FOOD and you definitely need to share! Total for both times (again, 5-6 people, 3 dishes) came out to be around $15 WITH tip/tax+2 extra sauces. Great deal for delicious food in giant portions!
This place is amazing! Come here hungry because the portions here are huge! I shared the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict and the Salmon & Asparagus Eggs benedict. The Fried chicken one is simply great and is a must try if you can't decide what to order. They fry up a chicken breast which is crunchy on the outside but still tender and moist on the inside. The Salmon comes with flaky salmon and grilled asparagus and is served with a killer chipotle cream sauce. I came here hungry and I finished everything, but these portion sizes are enough to fill you for a whole day. I had this on my last day in Vegas and it was simply the best way to end my trip.
psst... In the mood for some food the size of a freakin adult head!?!? Then you found the right place! better yet u better throw-up whatever you ate before to make room in your tum tum for these gigantic deeelishioius portions! ;) . . Hash house takes farm fresh food to a whole other level. otherwise known as "twisted farm food" this place has been entertaining all sorts of people young and old with their humungous portion sized food! . . I came here because Man vs Food did an episode here andthey featured my favorite "The Sage fried chicken and waffles" (look in profile pictures) The taste was amazing and the chicken was so tender and juicy! waffle was homemade with BACON inside you get 4 big ones!! are you kidding me!??! i just wish i had a bigger stomach, i just couldn't finish it.. . . Another great dish you gotta try is Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs!  "yall ain't ready for this!" there's so much food on this plate you need 4 people just to finish this s$#t!! YUM! :D . . Seriously, your gonna have a hard time even deciding what to order when or if you come down here! just come really HUNGRY!  i swear i got 20 pounds heavier after this damn vacation!!!! . . Damn you Vegas!.... Damn you...
Met a friend here for brunch this weekend.  She was having a rough day and wanted the blueberry pancake.  Who am I to argue?  The decor is basic diner and there was a pretty big crowd waiting.  They cranked through that line though!  We ran down to get a Starbuck's and it was already our turn when we got back.  Yea!  I got the meatloaf hash.  Good, but not nearly as good as the other orders at our table.  The pancake was huge and delicious.  The chicken and waffles (stuffed with bacon!) was amazing!  There were caramelized leeks and homemade bbq sauce on it.  Total surprise.  I was so happy there were leftovers!  I also love the homemade biscuits with strawberry jam and the tangerine juice option.
This is such a fun place to have breakfast. The food totally lived up to our expectations. My husband ordered the sage chicken of waffles of course which was so good. I ordered off their special menu for the day which was the crab cake ceasar salad. The portions were huge and the staff was pleasant and prompt. The first time we went, we became instant fans and took our friends out to breakfast here when arrived into Vegas a few days later. We were so excited to bring them there but to our dismay, the line was so long and we saw several large parties of 8 get seated before our party of 4 even though they arrived after us. When we finally were seated, we were very honest and told our waiter that we only had 45 minutes left to order and get our food because we had a show to see at the MGM. We took a chance that he respond with an attitude given ours when we were finally seated but he remained so calm and understanding the whole time. It totally made up for the long wait. He took our orders, went straight to the kitchen and came out with our food about 15 minutes later (not bad seeing as how they make everything from scratch!). We made it to our show on time and with full tummies.
Very huge portions, but delicious food. If you are hungry, go here! Because you will have left overs for sure.
Upstairs at Imperial Palace, the digs aren't quite as funky (ina good way) as the location on Sahara, but the food is great.  Sage Fried  Cicken Benedict starts with a fluffy biscuit then layers on mashed potatoes, fried eggs, bacon, and sage fried chicken and then tops it all off with chipotle sauce for an outstanding meal that, in this case, served three easily when accompanied by a banana brown sugar pancake that was at least 12 inches in diameter.  But first things first... Start the meal with one of their famous and fabulous bloody Marys or a house tangerine mimosa to get off on the right foot.  This is a great place for an unusual breakfast or brunch.  Beware!  All meal portions are huge.
Line was long during peak hours, but it was worth the wait.  Brunch tasted great, service was awesome, and the portion sizes are monstrous! . . I know, I know...  A bit wary considering it's inside presumably the dankest hotel in present day Vegas?  I would give it a shot (but be safe navigating through the casino, ha ha).. . Best dish we tried that day was the eggs Benedict, the sauce was delightful with a bit of spice.  Least tasty dish was the rosemary chicken hash whatever - way too healthy, especially for Vegas.  If I'm going to eat out, I like me some flavor!
I didn't waste any time going to Hash House A Go Go right when I got off the plane.  I was HUNGRY!!  And I wanted a big meal that wasn't a buffet.  Plus, it was one meal that I really wanted to get it over with since it basically kicked off what was my Food Tour through the Vegas Strip and was the biggest and most intimidating meal that I would encounter.. . Since I've already had their Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles and Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, I went with a change of pace and tried their Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin Benedict.  And just like the other two dishes, once I saw my waitress bringing it to my table, I immediately started cracking up because it was so enormous (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=f92oDu8750GNJOYCZ8I5nQ).   It's a loaded plate - Crispy Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin w/ market Yellow Tomato, Spinach, BBQ Cream, topped w/ Scrambled Eggs all over two Biscuits and a Griddled Mashed Potatoes.  The Pork Tenderloin was good. If you've ever had Tonkatsu at a Japanese restaurant, it's pretty much the same deal, only 10x's bigger.  And I did pretty well, managed to kill the Pork Tenderloin and left one Biscuit behind.. . Washed it all down with their house special Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=C7sut_j2-4fXYFUvSiEhFw).  A friend of mine recommended it and even my waitress said it went well with everything on the menu.  They were right!  Very refreshing and colorful too!!. . This experience was a lot better than my last visit 9 months ago.  Probably because this time I opted for a table and not a seat at the bar.  The service was definitely better as my waitress was very enthusiastic.  Also the $10 Restaurant.com coupon helped make it a good experience too!  So good service, big food, and full stomach.  It was a great way to start off my Food Tour on the Strip.
If your looking for good food on the strip at a good price and big portions, look no further.. Chicken and waffles are chicken and waffles, but here they are real big.. Go for the sage benedict plate, it's very tasty and a sight to behold.. The photos don't lie
Wow! A surprisingly good restaurant inside imperial palace of all places! Super busy and crowded with crazy wait times, but the rating is all for the food. The sage fried chicken benedict was DA BOMB! Ok i don't talk like that but seriously..wow. The ridiculously huge portions were well worth the $$ I paid for my food. I must emphasize that sharing your plate is highly recommended! Hubby ordered the chicken and waffles, but ended up eating most of mine cause he liked it WAY better. Cleaned my plate and we were both satisfied. And he barely touched his chixnwaffles. Lesson of the day: SHARE!
Love the Hash House!! The food Is really good and creative looking. It Is a bit on the pricey side but you figure for how good and preety the dishes come out, It Is worth the price.
I loved it so much, I ate here twice in one visit to Vegas!!! I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken for breakfast.... (This was the one on Man Vs. Food) and it was amazing and a lot of food... If you are coming here, bring your appetite!!!
Can't wait to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles next time I'm in town! This is great recovery food for those tough hangovers. I had an omelet with hash browns, a biscuit and gravy. The prices were very reasonable and the servers were friendly. They are known for there portions and didn't disappoint. I went for lunch and didn't have to wait for a table.
Had to get Adam Richman's dish at Hash House.  My friends were still back at the room recovery from a hangover that I pushed through because I was in Vegas but got stuck in the casino gambling so now I had to get my food and eat quick because by this point everyone was up.  . . Got the Sage fried Chicken Benedict.  WOOOW!! this thing was ridiculous.  It was like 4 biscuits, like two whole chicken breasts, spinach, eggs, tomatoes, whole heap of cheese, bacon and topped off with an entire sage branch.  LOL marvelous. And the chipotle cream they used wasn't quite what I expected, given my experience with many a eggs benedict, but it suited the chicken and eggs very well.. . This thing was a formidable adversary and was not taken down lightly, and I was hungry.  I took most of it to-go while drinking Hash-houses house lemonade.  This proved to be dinner for me and everyone at the hotel later on that night.
This Place is a Hidden Gem !!! You get to go to Plush New Hotels along the Strip. Fancy Decor ...Fancy Enticing Buffet . But This Restaurant is inside Imperial Hotel an Old hotel Front of 5 Star Cesar Palace .. Line can be long but the wait is worthy!! Ordered hash with Chorizo!! Did I finish? It's HUGE!! Our server JASON has the Best Convincing power to make you Hungry long before he explains all the food on Menu on Detail!! . . Lastly I found this Gem through the help of all Yelpers here!!
PREPARE TO SHARE!  They weren't kidding when they said the portions were huge.  I should have planned better after food cruising on the way to my seat and seeing the size of the plates. They are enormous!  That aside, they are creative!  I posted a pic of the menu. There were at least 5 things in the running for my breakfast. I landed on the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and my bf had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  When they arrivedwe were blown away (see pics).  . . My chicken was cooked very well. The batter was crispy and not too heavy. The waffles were packed with bacon IN them. But the best were the strips of fried leeks that graced the top and the drizzle of syrup. My only complaint is that I wanted more syrup which could have easily been addressed had I asked my super friendly waiter. . . The Benny was also huge and very well presented. The biscuits were warm and wonderful. They were dense and biscuit experts may say they weren't flakey enough, but then they were covered with a hollandaise sauce that had a little kick. The fresh, red mashed potatoes were home-style (nicely lumpy) and an odd but tasty addition to a breakfast dish. . . We can't leave without mentioning the awesome tangerine house mimosa.  The cranberry was ok, but the tangerine blew it away. The food was great but not 5 star outstanding (I rarely give 5 stars anywhere). But I can't recommend this place highly enough. Come hungry, leave happy with a doggie bag.
The menu is good, everything looks delicious - the one thing you don't realize is the size of the food that is about to descend onto your table! The hamburgers we ordered were mammoth two 1/2 lbs. patties with cheese and goodness melted between the meat. The fries were delicious and if you can get a half a burger into you, you're a king. Leftovers are guaranteed and I have to agree with their slogan,"if you leave hungry it's your own fault". . Prices were more than reasonable for the Vegas Strip and service was great at two different locations. Great place to visit, just make sure you're ready to carry a doggy bag the rest of the night.
Ate here for the first time over the Thanksgiving holiday.  Went for breakfast and shared the Andy's sage fried chicken benedict and the meatloaf hash.  I loved the benedict.  It was a huge mess of delicious flavors that worked better than I expected.  The meatloaf hash was boring for my taste.  It was just large chunks of meatloaf on top of fried potatoes.  I gues if you are not an adventurous eater this would be fine.  The service was fantastic.  The waiter even mentioned that we should order a side dish to avoid the split plate charge.  I don't mind split plate charges but I prefer when there are inexpensive ways to avoid them...lol
This is a great place for brunch, esepecially for large groups.. Obviously, if you're going on a weekend, expect a decent wait.  Our group of 8 had to wait about an hour to get seated on Sunday around 11am.  But there was plenty to keep us entertained until it was our turn to eat.. I had the chicken and waffles, which was amazing.  The chicken is cooked perfectly - I loved the sweetness that the maple reduction added to the chicken.  And the biscuit that comes on the side was also delicious.  The only downside (which might just be me) is how big it is.  I wish I had known before ordering so that I could've shared.  I couldn't even eat a third of it, and it's not one of those dishes that make for good leftovers.  So if you decide to get this, share with a friend!. The other winner at our table was the quesadilla.  I didn't get to try it, but my friend loved it.. For any coffee drinkers, I'd recommend sticking with hot coffee.  I ordered an iced coffee and you basically get lukewarm coffee since they just throw some ice into their hot coffee.
Great first experience had me back a second time in a weekend! First of all, it is true, be ready to share! Don't be a pig! And be ready to wait as well on some mornings. The wait sucks, but the place is good! The line to the hostess stand is usually crowded with people waiting, so make sure to go up front and talk to someone. Most likely people are waiting and not in line. . . Once seated, the friendly server got our drink orders in and out to us in a jiffy! I had the Chorizo skillet - pretty tasty and HUGE! my wife had the Sundried tomato, basil & goat cheese scramble. We also had a Traditional Buttermilk pancake. Was really good! The coffee hit the spot as well, forget the swill at the buffet, this was a good bean! Wife had the Bloody and it was fantastic in all its greatness. Really tasty too!. . I noticed alot of people taking pics of the gigantic plates of food and were laughing at the idea of actually finishing the food in front of them. So share if ya can. I did not finish the feast, but as I rolled out the door, there was a smaller line of hungry people that were pissed because I was grinning from ear to ear in full happiness! . . Try it at least once.
To sum it up in 3 words:. Epic meal time.
Was here 12/8/11 boyfriend had the meatloaf I was jealous I didn't order the same thing it was very well seasoned &moist the mash potatoes were cheesy goodness he said the veggies were tasty too the meatloaf is good! I had the chicken sandwich it wasn't seasoned that well type bland it was a large portion. My boyfriend also said the bartender made a good tasting long island ice tea the food also had a cute presentation and was well priced for so much food thumbs up hash house was the best food we had in Vegas and we ate at the cosmopolitan & bellagio
After some poking around Yelp to find a lunch spot, I stumbled on this great place which was across the street from my hotel (Caesar's) on the strip. The menu looked right up my alley, and it didn't disappoint. I was concerned when I got to the entrance and saw a bunch of people waiting. Sure, it's a sign that the food must be good, but I was hungry. Well, I was psyched when the hostess pointed me to bar seating. I love bar seating when eating on my own (friends were working a conference). I ordered the chicken & waffles and my only complaint is that my belly couldn't fit more than half of that goodness!. Well done with the grub and service.. I'm psyched that there's one closer to home in Reno. I'll get there soon.. -pat
Great portions (make sure you bring an appetite) and prices are moderate.The food never fails. Simple, good place.
My first impression was, "Featured on Man vs Food...you can see why when you see the huge portions!". . Breakfast of champions. If you can go to Hash House A Go Go and finish a plate by yourself, consider yourself a champion. The portions are ridiculous! Their menu entrees list the typical American breakfast foods with a little twist. Their featured item on the menu is the chicken and waffles. I had the fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach hash and it was plenty to share with the boyfriend. The ingredients were very fresh, and it came with a side of a biscuit, an egg, and fruit. It was good, but I still feel like I should have tried their waffle or french toast items because those looked delicious. We opted for the "healthier" choice that day because we weren't feeling well, so I'll definitely have to go back and try their token menu items. There was a bit of a wait, but it wasn't horrible, and our waiter did a good job trying to mediate the traffic.. . If you want breakfast right away, this isn't the place to go. But if you're down for the wait and willing to try this famous breakfast house then I say go for it.. . The lasting impression? "Going back for some waffles!"
OMG! I had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict It was fantastic! My friends were similarly impressed with their meals.  I'm not a fan of the decor, but the food more than makes up for it.
If you can, get here before 11 am to avoid the long wait.  We got here late 9'ish and when we left, the whole entire upstairs was packed with people waiting to be seated.  Having arrived before the lunch crowd, we were immediately seated.  Service was prompt and we had drinks ordered and brought out pretty quick.  . . Being it was morning time, we were given the breakfast menu I presume since I didn't see any of the lunch or dinner plates listed on their website.  The menu is pretty extensive and our server was keen enough to suggest that she'd give us an extra couple of minutes to look it over.  I did ask when she returned what she recommended or what was the most commonly ordered plate.  With a little snooty-ness and, I guess, pride, she commented everything was good on the menu and all their plates were made in their own unique way.  The statement was something to the effect of, "we may have dishes that's commonplace such as chicken pot pie, but when you have our chicken pot pie, it's nothing like any chicken pot pie that you've ever had."  Okay... I wasn't expecting that, but I'll take her word for it.  She did finish saying the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and the griddled french toast were popular.  . . Ultimately, after going back and forth up and down the menu, we ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=GLQSZ-UG8v_K61ony2y45Q the Smoked Salmon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=_EB015nkHl9bQ57549bSFQ the Tractor Driver http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=K2eFMfxtq6QP5E-fawN3nA cause it sounded cool and the Farmer's Daughter http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=I0j--YuQ8lg-ttvGuloyng since it sounded cute.. . Okay, I'll give our server her pride in the food that Hash House makes since it was all well presented, very plentiful and quite delicious!  Everything from the salmon, to the crispy potatos, to the fried chicken, to the griddled french toast in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup (my absolute favorite!) was made exceptionally well.  It was all quite impressive and I guess you can "church it up" by sticking a strand of rosemary into a biscuit.  Btw, that biscuit was good, but it was heavy and dense enough to be a paper weight.  Coffee was pretty good tasting for an average cup of joe as well.. . Portions were large and if your appetite and stomach can munster finishing everything on your plate, then you can forego your next meal.  We skipped out on lunch after have a late breakfast (saved some money that way) and we walked it off by strolling the strip and seeing the sights afterwards.  Just remember, get there early before lunch or earlier for dinner and hopefully you won't have to put up with the long wait.
FINALLY somewhere in Vegas where I can get a bang for my buck. The prices are decent and the portions are huge. When we arrived, we were told the wait was going to be about 45 minutes but only waited 20 which was good news for my tummy. Our waiter looked overwhelmed but he was quick and did a great job at trying to keep up with all of his tables. For $60 we got the following:. . Coffee - decent. Some coffee pistachio drink - amazing. A pineapple mimosa - strong and delicious . Soda - not flat so two thumbs up there. Corned beef hash skillet which came with a large biscuit and fruit- tiring after awhile. Crispy Cornmeal Salmon Sandwich - this was plated beautifully with sriracha/mayo sauce  drizzled around the sandwich. A platter of chicken and waffles - ginormous, salty and sweet goodness in every bite. . My only complaint was that the chicken and waffles didn't come with nearly enough syrup. I needs my syrup! I was not only stuffed beyond my skinny jeans but buzzed because my mimosa was super strong so hash house a go go was worth every shiny penny for me!
This place rocks.  I love the chicken and waffles here.  Make sure you go there hungry, you get a ton of food
Since we were staying at Imperial Palace, why not eat at hash house since i have been wanting to try it. . . I had the sage chicken benedict. I knew their portions were huge but damn every dish that came out was MASSIVE. I actually was a huge heffer this weekend and I ate my whole plate (don't judge me). Everyone knows how big and artery clogging this could be but i ate every bit of it. I loved the everything the benedict came with, however i wished it came with poached eggs not fried egg. I love the drippy egg yolks, too bad it wasn't on this one. The biscuit and mashed potatoes were good. It did get very heavy and difficult to eat but with everything together a piece of egg, tomato, crispy bacon, and a piece of that juicy chicken made it more delicious.  The chicken wasn't too crispy because of the sauce but it was nice and juicy, not dry at all. I must say...those tomatoes are AMAZING. So sweet and juicy. If there was a whole one on my plate...i'd eat it like an apple. It was that good (I love tomatoes). . . We wanted to eat there again before we left but it was not possible. They need to open later on sundays too!! People are still hungry!. . . Service was great, the wait was about 30-40 mins but it really wasn't that bad, it went by fast. Just go down stairs to gamble a little to kill some time. . . -GO ! (a must go you might like it or you might not, but you should try). . . . P.S.: Share the plate. Everything is HUGE.
I should have read reviews about this place before going. I was not prepared for the portion sizes! (not that I'm complaining). . I had the S'mores mocha, my husband had the Banana Latte. Both were good :). . i had the roast chicken has and he had the meatloaf hash. I couldn't even finish mine. somehow my husband managed to polish his off.. . I would ask that there be some type of jam or butter to put on the biscuts that come w/ the hash. They're too dry to eat plain.. . We went a few days before x-mas so i can't speak to the regular busy-ness of the restaurant since we were seated right away. Our waitress was friendly but a little slow to give us our check on the way out. oh well!. . I'll totally go back next time i'm in town.
I have waited 5 years to eat here and finally had my chance. Before this trip to Vegas they only had 2 locations that I am aware of, but now they have 4 or 5. If you are anywhere near Imperial Palace, head to the back of the casino and up the escalator to some of the best food you can find in Vegas. You will leave full and ready for a nap, almost no chance of finishing your meal as the portions are big enough for 2 or 3 people. Not bad Bud in a Bag for $5 to get your day started right. If you leave hungry , it's your own fault, this is good ol' comfort food done right. The wait staff is slow so don't be in a hurry.. . Man v Food meal is very good and filling. Don't waste your time with the pot pie. It sounds good and looks amazing when you see it come out. Unfortunately the pot part is more like cardboard and not worth even a taste. Pancakes are massive, you only need one, wait make that half of one. Snickers pancakes, brilliant.
Awesome food.  Go with four people or less.  With a bigger party it will take too long to get seated.  A smaller group and you won't be able to try enough stuff.   Get some of the specialty cocktails, and the snickers pancake.  Thank me later....and walk back to your hotel to work off the calories.
First meal in Vegas before going out. Things to note before ordering:. . 1) Portions are large. Share, share, share.. 2) The biscuits are BOMB, but filling.  Eat them knowing that you got a huge meal ahead of you.. 3) There isn't anything wrong with leftovers, they are great food after a night of drinking.. . Got the eggs, potatoes, and crab cakes. SO GOOD. SO FILLING. best leftovers ever. The asparagus that you get is refreshing too, since everything is ridiculously filing.. . The service we got a really good too, She was super helpful and polite.. . A great place to eat on the strip.
Definitely worth trying out when you're in Vegas. I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Like everyone else says, SHARE! It was only one of my girls and me going at the plate and we barely made a dent. Its super carby but such a guilty satisfaction. Also if you're a fan of bloody mary's, do try the BLT Mary. It was strong, had a spicy kick, and BACON. Totally won me over.
Sage Fried Chicken Benedict . It was so good, i finished the whole thing by myself! . . Need something refreshing? try their watermelon drink (:
When my friends and I first arrived we waited about 45 minutes for a table (which we thought was ridiculous since the restaurant was half empty).  When we were seated, the hostess was rude to us when we asked if we could move to a nearby booth so we could watch the football game.. Considering it's Vegas, I honestly expected a small portions of food for the prices.  However when we got our food all of us were surprised by how large our meals were; all of us were only able to eat about half our orders and had to take the rest to go.  It was like we got 2 meals for the price of 1.  Our waitress and servers were extremely nice to us.  When we caught a mistake on our bill, the waitress had no problem correcting it.. Other than the unpleasant hostess, I would definitely recommend this place if you're wandering the strip and are very hungry  =)
Such an odd location for a restaurant like Hash House A Go Go, but thankfully there were huge signs when you enter the Imperial Palace Casino to direct you to this spot. I heard about this place from my parents, who had wanted to visit the original Hash House in SD, but had to back out because of the ridiculous wait. There was also a bit of a wait at this location (~30 minutes for 3 people on a Wednesday afternoon), but when we were seated we noticed there were a lot of open tables; I suppose they didn't have enough waitstaff. Our server was amazing; really fast and friendly, calling us "sweetie" and checking back on us frequently. . . I decided to go for the famous fried chicken and waffle plate, and my sister and bro-in-law went for the same but in an eggs benedict version. I also had the spritzer, which was refreshing and not overly sweet. There's a very strong chance that I may be biased to give my chicken and waffles a good rating due to its behemoth size -- it was awe-inspiring -- but it actually tasted good, too. The chicken was actually tender and moist with a strong hint of rosemary (that, and the stick a whole sprig of rosemary into the chicken). The skin was ridiculously crunchy and peppery. The waffles had bacon embedded into it...I mean, c'mon, how could you go wrong with carbs, butter, and bacon? I guess it is so wrong, it's right.
I am a huge fan of all things Hash House!. It's solid, dependable, go-to food in Vegas and with this location on the strip, it is now convenient!. The food, on a whole won't blow you're mind but it's darn good and there's lots of it. . The only thing that rubbed me wrong about this location (vs the others) was the lack of natural light. The entire restaurant feels like it's up in an attic and there isn't a window to be seen. I have very mild claustrophobia so this made me mildly panicky.... . Being in Vegas, I think they would do well to offer a Happy Hour menu, but that's just me.
This is my first stop when I'm in Vegas for any meal. The portions are so big and yes its a bit pricey but well worth the money. I've ordered the Chicken and waffles and I've also had the pancake which happens to be the size of the plate. The service is great and fast. You might have to wait for a table depending on what time you get there but over all this place rocks.. . You must try their bloody Mary super spicy and a huge glass of delight.
Was packed on a Sunday afternoon.  Glad we came though.  Had Andy's chicken and waffle.  Bacon was infused in the waffles, so you can't go wrong.  The chicken had a sage flavor to it, and was nicely breaded.  The breading actually stayed on the chicken as you cut it, instead of falling apart.  Our waiter Jason was pretty cool.  It was busy, and you can tell he was in a rush, but took the time to split our checks.  Definitely a good stop for a foodie.  Portions are huge like everyone says.  I think 2 plates could have fed us 5 guys.  Try it out.
As the cheddar cheese slowly repels from the burger, I quickly snatch it with my tongue before the jealously hungry plate that caresses my burger even touches my meal. Yes I am a jealous person when  it comes to good food.  Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar burger on a fresh bun (I do not know the name of the bread but it was YUM!)  was fabulously delicious with the fries as the only disappointment. To me they tasted as if they were borrowed from Burger King.. . And the woman sitting on the table next to us kept asking questions when we took a bite. That's okay. She was curious about everyone's food taking a photo of me every time I sunk my teeth into the over-sized $13.00 burger.. . The server was fabulous checking up on us frequently; however only exception was the busboy and hostess did not bring the Cucumber ranch dressing my friend was eating in a bowl large enough to fit a 10 pound cat. We had to ask the waiter and he brought it to us within 2 minutes. If only the busboy could have taken two minutes from the conversation with the hostess about his dog to bring the dressing might have brought up the score 1 notch.. . NO COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE HUGE PORTIONS.
Huge tasty good food!  . Get there early, there is always a wait.
Came here for breakfast after a night on the strip. We sat at the bar and found that the service was great. My husband and I decided to share the scramble with chicken, roasted red pepper, and corn. Without looking around, we decided to get an extra biscuit since my husband LOVES his biscuits. What a mistake that was. HUGE portions. The biscuits were as big as two of my fists together. Overall, best breakfast we've had on the strip. We're STILL raving about the breakfast scramble and plotting how we'll recreate it at home! Great coffee with fresh cream also. A little expensive, but perfect to share if you want to. Make sure to get there early - the line was outrageous when we left!
I read the other reviews about the wait being intense, but i assume thats only for breakfast and not dinner, because for dinner there was no line at all. Anyways.... . Looking at the menu, everything sounds so good, So i got what i craved, Chicken and Waffles. . . Honestly, the portions are tooo much. I couldn't eat it all, but it was pretty good. The way they fried the chicken was different, maybe better than roscoes chicken? DAMNNN. The waffle was strange. It had bacon in it which sounds delish, but it just tasted like the waffle wasn't fully cooked or something.. . My friends loved their burgers and Benedict's they ordered.. . This is one place I need to come back to for breakfast next time.
There is nothing redeeming about this place....That in itself is its redemption. . Hash House A Go Go is massive comfort(aka tasty, high calorie, butter, lard, sugar) restaurant inside the Imperial House on The Strip.  It is authentic with wood floors, basic tables, etc.  It emulates a roadside diner.  The wait staff is friendly and efficient.. . The menu is light on health, low calorie options and rather heavy on burgers, fried foods and other breakfesty type of foods.  I had the house cured salmon, healthy enough, until you place it over two biscuits, add gravy over a bed of mashed potatos(loaded with cream, I am betting)....It did have two pieces of asparagas.. . Healthy...no...damn good...Yes.  . . My friend had a burger.  It said burger on the menu, but it actually was a big piece of cow with a ton o' spuds.  Big.  Unhealthy. Burger. . Because neither of us had the USDA requirement of sugar, we split the $7.95 Banana and brown sugar pancake.  Pancake was the size of the platter, just plain tasty.  When I have my heart seizure, they will be pulling this meal out of my veins. . Hash House A Go Go....The obesity epidemic may well have started here, but the food is plentiful, honest and delicious. . I am currently fasting
My 1st time here and i loved it (except having to wait 15 mins). We went on a Sunday around 10am and there was ppl waiting around all over the place, I was like omg this is gonna be a long wait but since we walked from Aria to eat here we were gonna wait no matter what and thankfully we had to only wait 15 mins which isn't bad but when they called us to be seated they took us to the room on the left and why was there lots of empty booths? but they had everyone waiting. Well anyway i ordered the Farm Scramble with Bacon Avocado, Onions and Swiss, it was so freakin good and huge it came with crispy potatoes( super yum )and a biscuit! My bf had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and he liked it a lot also, the portions were big ,we both didn't finish our food even tho we tried too lol. They were a bit slow and didnt really check up on us til we were done ,but I would definitely come back!
They are really generous with their servings. Seriously. Their servings are made for giants. One order is good enough for two people. My boyfriend and I thought we could handle the plates, so we got one appetizer and one meal... Definitely only finished 3/4 of it. It got us really stuffed! We really enjoyed the appetizer we got. It didn't even seem like an appetizer at all, more like a meal for one. I forgot what it was called, but it was with angel hair pasta and crab cake. It was something I have never tasted before. It was really delicious!. . So delicious, four tables nearby ours ordered it too. I'm not even kidding. One of them, being a party of one, ordered that as his meal alone. Another, was a couple we definitely befriended because we couldn't stop talking about Hash House's food. This couple told us they specifically go to Hash House just for this appetizer! YES, IT'S JUST THAT GOOD. The man ordered it all for himself PLUS another entree, and he ate it all. Unbelievable. Haha.. . Just like the couple, I will ALWAYS visit Hash House when I'm in the area just for their angel hair pasta and crab cake. Yum. Oh, and as for the other entree we ordered, it was okay... you can definitely feel the unhealthiness of it as you eat. It made me feel heavy. Angel hair pasta though, that definitely wheeled me in for sure. (:
ordered the Sage Chicken and Bacon Waffles. Just how do they get the bacon into that waffle iron, fantastic! Sage fried chicken was two breasts, which required some additional salt to bring out the deep fried goodness. Overall pretty solid and a huge portion. Servers are very attentitive. The place gets packed so come before the 'walkers' come in.
Eating here is like eating the equivalent of a buffet's worth of food on one plate.. . Unless you've been saving your stomach all day for this, you should share with a friend. Two of my friends came here a little past noon on a Saturday, and it was obviously packed. The wait was about 45 minutes, which is fine when you can walk around and gamble. . . My friend and I shared the salmon scramble, which has tomatoes, pesto, and brie. It was very good, but neither of us could taste the brie at all. The crispy potatoes were amazing, and the biscuit was warm and fluffy. You have to ask for butter/honey, which is kinda weird. Biscuits without butter is just wrong. My other friend had the chorizo hash, which she really liked. No matter how much she tried to eat, it didn't seem like she made a dent in her food. Unfortunately, our hotel fridge didn't have room for her leftovers so it was kind of a waste. . . If you can, try to come later. By the time we left around 3 PM, there was no wait.
This place was a great find inside the Hotel, large portions great choices.  There was a choice on the menu that was called something about a nascar fan breakfast.  It was a plate of bacon and 24oz Budweiser.  That was just great...
Read some reviews for a good breadkfast place to eat. Came across this place and wanted to try it. Came here yesterday, Sunday around 12pm. Very packed. Sign that it's the place to be... Ordered a Bloody Mary while we waited.. Spicy but delicious! Food was good. I had the famous Bacon Waffles & Sage Fried Chicken. It was amazing! The presentation was the best part They stack your waffles & stack your chicken on top with a knife thru it.. Outstanding service as well. Can't wait to go back and try other stuff :)
Just had my second stop there intwo years. . This time I had a full pound bluecheese burger. It was huge and lonely cause I had no one to share a side with so I didnt get one.. The burger was JUST OK! big for sure and I think my side of Blue Cheese dressing was large enough to swim in. Nice touch but over kill for sure. . I admit I have had a better burger, but not a bigger one and it was less then 10 bucks!!!. The space is looking dated, and needs some sprucing up, but the center strip location cant be beat.. I think I might drop in on my next trip to Vegas, cause the bacon waffels still haunt me... in a good way.
Absolutely jaw dropping food when it's served, and it tastes just as good.. Their signature BLT Bloody Mary was a meal in itself.  We ate at both the one in the Imperial Palace on the Las Vegas strip as well as the one at The Plaza Hotel in old Vegas.  Both were excellent, but the one in old Vegas has much less of a line.. If you go to the one on the strip, eat at the bar so you won't have to wait.. The prices were VERY reasonable for the amount of food you get, and two people can easily split an entree. Their sage fried chicken benedict was beyond words!. You HAVE to check this place out...especially after a night of partying.
i really love this restaurant it very original ... i think it a very unique looking place and serves very great portions of food my bf and his dad order biscuits and gravy with eggs and bacon and i order the pancake..which was bigger then the plate.. my bf mom order a standard breakfast but they all look big and delicious and well made ..the prices were awesome .. the food taste really good so it was a good experience nome!!! not your run of the mill breakfast and brunch plate..it was like a homemade southern breakfast plate more of an old style which a high end plating.. which made it look fancy  lol t too oh they played a lot of johnny cash which tie everything together.. lol i love this place and will be going back!!!
the wait to get in here is always around 45mins but it is well worth it !. . Be prepared to come starving , and be full for the rest of the day.  Prices are reasonable and the food is outstanding. I have ate here twice and both times I must say were great.  It's almost impossible to finish your plate as they make Claim jumper look like a mcdonalds happy meal.... :)
The wait for a table is super long and the wait to get your food is even longer.  Seriously, takes almost an hour from the time you order your food unti you get it and they let you know up front it's going to be that way.  If you can manage to wait that long, the food is really good.  Sage Fried Chicken Breast & Waffles was amazing.  I loved it.  I also tried the Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin and it was really good.  I don't normally like pork but this was really great.  The pancakes were delicous as well.  I got the one with bananas in it.  Like everyone else said the servings are ginormous.  I also really liked the jam that's on the table.  It's damn good jam.  If you can manage to wait forever for your food, I recommend it but it takes an eternity.
This is the only place I will eat at the Imperial Palace. The other places in this casino make me cringe. The food is great and with so many options that sound so good you will have a tough time deciding on what you want. The portions would make any dietitian sick to their stomach but will fill yours. Very good food, nice servers and clean location. If you are solo or 2-3 of ya try sitting at the bar to bypass the line if there is one.
Large portions of made to order unique breakfast items.   The wait can be a headache and the decor is old which is the reason I gave it four stars instead of five.
I hope you're super hungry if you come here cause the portions; I kid you not are gi-normous!  I would recommend sharing a meal with someone or you will have leftovers for lunch/dinner/midnight snack/etc.  I normally order the Sage Fried Chicken which never lets me tummy down cause it's very moist and on point. I do add more syrup on my chicken cause the seasoning batter is a little bland for me. . . Today I ordered the Sage Fried chicken & waffles.  The waffle has bacon in the middle which is an amazing surprise with every bite. Unfortunately they do not have any hash browns. Wamp, wamp.
Holy gigantic portions of food batman!. . My friend recommended this place so even though I am on expense account and can get away with the 50 buck dinner places I thought I'd give this a try.  . . I ordered one of the nightly specials, the 'lamb chop hash'.  First, the server brought a giant honey covered biscuit with a side of butter.  You have to eat this with a fork and you really don't need the butter.  The biscuit would have been a tad dry if not for the honey, but it worked and I ate most of it.  Which was probably a mistake, because soon after a gigantic skillet with enough food for three people arrived.  In this skillet was a generous serving of delicious, fluffy scrambled eggs that did not taste like they were over milked but were fluffy on their own, some delicious garlicky green beans, some cooked carrot slices, sliced red and orange bell pepper, a metric buttload of roasted potato chunks and four lamb chops. With a sprig of rosemary.    Holy guacamole*!  (*there was no guacamole). . I sort of made a dent - I ate all the lamb chops (great), all the green beans (great), all the eggs (great), a good amount of the peppers, a few of the carrots and a couple bites of potato.. . Ironically enough the potatoes were the weakest part.  I'd like them cut smaller and crispier.  But heck, everything else was good and there was WAY too much food.. . This dinner was $18.99+tax.  A very, very good deal for the strip and it tasted pretty good too.  Honestly I'd prefer a smaller portion since I hate wasting food and most people on the strip won't have a way to deal with leftovers.  But, if you come with a companion who likes to eat the same food, you could easily share one of these if you asked for an extra plate.
Packed house, weird waiter, great food.. . My wife and I went here a year ago and she's been buggin me to go back here for their famous sage fried chicken and waffles.  So we finally went back.. . On the way in, I tried to use my stroller up the escalators, but it wouldn't fit. The imperial palace floor manager came over and helped me find the elevator to get up into the hash house.. . We sat for about 30 minutes. It was a good wait time. The place was packed at 12:00pm even tho Vegas wasn't.. . I had the chicken and eggs Benedict which was labeled man vs. food favorite.. . And it was excellent! . Sage fried chicken and waffles are always good eats and this time wasn't an exception.. . The waiter was kinda weird. I asked for a separate check so I could expense it. He didn't understand and even said "I don't understand why you would split it but I'll do it anyway". He forgot to split it and I had to ask him again.. . The waiter noticed that we were going to use our 2 $10 off from our rewards cards and instead of just leaving the tip up to us (we base the tip off the full price and not the net price after the cards cuz that's jacked up) he made up some wild story about having to have us put the tip on the bill before he used the rewards card.  He said his credit card machine would take forever.  B.S.  Oh well, still tipped him but I can see why he didn't trust his patrons.  Although, I was kinda turned off by it.  - Really do I look that stupid?  Thanks for not answering.. . Something to note is the restrooms were downstairs in the casino. So going to the restroom took a while.. . Food was excellent, service was okay. 4 stars HH.
Big Portions for the right prices. Great for breakfast and lunch hours. The one here at imperial isn't as packed as the one outside and off the strip on Sahara. I had the Andy sage fried chicken Benedict and it was huge! (what's she said..) Good enough to feed 1-3 person. But as for me, i killed it. They also have dinner menus too and a big drink menu to satisfy for needs.
Came here this past weekend for Brunch. i am SOOOO glad our friends told me & my bf to split a plate because of the huge portions because i probably would have ended up puking from trying to finish it all. . . the bf & i split the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles. the order came with 2 BIG pieces of chicken & 4 waffles. . . the waffles had bacon INSIDE them!! as good as that was i still dont know how i feel about the bacon being inside them as i found myself picked apart the waffles just so i could have a strip of bacon. the waffle & syrup just kind of over powered the taste of the bacon & as a bacon lover i do NOT want that.. the chicken was delicious, nice & crispy & very tasty when added syrup to it.. . i took of one star because of the service. Our waitress was really nice & all but i think we were there for a total of 2 maybe even 2&ahalf hours because of how long it took for them to take our oder, get our food out, bring us the check, & give us back our change. we got our food brought to us last because they said that the chicken & waffles took longer to make, which i really dont understand why because i know how to make fried chicken & it does not take an 45 mins to fry 2 pieces, even if you double fry them, which HHAGG's did not seem double fried. but other than the wait i really cant complain. i am not as impatient as some people. . for the price of the food & the portions you really cant beat it, i might come back if someone else in our group wants to & if we arent too hungry to wait a while before we eat. but id really rather explore what else vegas has to offer for breakfast/brunch
I been there once, and my first and only impression was a good one.  The wait was about 15 - 20 mins, but it was worth it.  They give you a lot of food, and the presentation of what you've ordered is nice.  I ordered the chicken and waffles which was priced reasonably, and it was great!!! The chicken was nicely fried, and the waffles were nice and big.  I ended up eating like 3 pieces of chicken and 1 waffle.  So yea.. you're going to be leaving with a lot of food.
Came here for breakfast with my husband and overall really loved the idea of everything made custom and from scratch. We both got hashes -- he got the corned beef and I got the chicken. The corned beef hash was by far, hands down, the best we've ever had. A friend of ours got the chicken and waffles, said that was great as well. The BLT bloody mary was a cool concept, but overrated and wasn't all that great. Like I said, if you're ever in Vegas looking for a breakfast spot, I'd definitely recommend coming here for the corned beef hash.
Ok, the douche-bag next to me complained about the 20mn delay before receiving his breakfast... Ok, the nice lady on my right started to wonder if she will get hers at some point during the day... In spite of this bad karma, I decided to give it a try and ordered a basic breakfast. There were two waitresses. One was stressed out because of the douche-bag's attitude, the other was handling business in a kind of too relaxed way. In any case, both were friendly and professionals! When my plate arrived, I was agreeably surprised by the generous portions and the awesome presentation. Each bite was a pure delight. Certainly one of the best breakfasts I have had in Vegas! So why not 5 stars? Only because of the delay (for me over 15mn). I will definitely come back though!
Portions as big as two of your heads! . . I've been here a few times on various Vegas excursions and each time I left overly stuffed and satisfied.    They don't mess around with portion sizes.  This is not a place for those with tiny appetites.  . . On one trip, I had the HH Famous Meatloaf Hash and my wife ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  Both were pretty good.   The meatloaf wasn't the juiciest meatloaf, but had a good taste.   The chipotle sauce for the benedict was yummy.  . . More recently, I went with my wife and a couple of friends.  The table shared a blueberry, pecan, brown sugar pancake, 2 orders of the pork tenderloin benedict, and a quesadilla.   . . The pancake was sweet, soft but not undercooked, and ginormous.  I really don't know how one person can put that platter of fluffyness down themselves.  . . The pork tenderloin was breaded and fried to a nice crispness but I think I would have been happy with a big slab of un-breaded/fried pork.  Perhaps I would have appreciated the fried-ness if I were hungover.  :). . I only had a bite of the quesadilla and I remember it being very quesadilicious. . . the lines can get backed up during the late morning brunch time, but if you are a total rewards member (platinum or higher), there's a separate faster line.. . Don't plan on having phone reception there.  My phone (ATT) had no service for most of the time, and other carriers struggled with weak signals.
Ok, this place is WORTH the wait.. . If you aren't ready to wait to get in and wait for your food then move along elsewhere...otherwise bring your appetite and your patience because you will enjoy it.. . Our server Travis was great...he gave us, and those around us a great description of the place and highlighted several items on the menu.  Since you're on vacation...go with something you really can't get a breakfast back home.. My sister ordered the original hash house farm benedict and I ordered the brown sugar banana flapjack that was almost like a bananas foster pancake.  It wasn't like a thick filling pancake - it was lighter and fluffy and just delicious!!! I had this with tangerine juice to drink.  This place is yummy and there are several locations so definitely go...try it!
Unlike Cafe Bellagio, Hash House definitely knows how to make a hash (it is part of their name, after all)!  Delicious food and giant servings?  Talk about a tasty (and filling) way to start the day.  People working on the Strip definitely know what's up:. . Cosmo Taxi Stand Guy:  Where are we going this morning, sir?. Me:  Imperial Palace, please.. Cosmo Taxi Stand Guy:  Ahhh...good ole Hash House!. Me:  Yup, you got it.. Cosmo Taxi Stand Guy (to cab driver): The Imperial!. Cab Driver:  Ahh...he means Hash House!. Me:  Man, how do you guys know?. Cab Driver:  Well, it's a Sunday morning and since it looks like you're staying at Cosmo, really no other reason why you would want to go to the Imperial.  . Me:  Haha...ouch.. . Even though a lot of the dishes that passed by our table looked great, I stayed true to my original craving - the Chorizo Hash.  Man, talk about a massive serving of food!  My photo may not do it justice, but the cast iron skillet they brought out was huge, and the hash alone took up about half of it.  The other half?  Choice of eggs (scrambled), fruit, and a biscuit.  Not that it mattered in the end though since I barely cleared half of my order.. . Sitting on top of soft and perfectly cooked chunks of potatoes was a tasty pile of ground chorizo.  YUM.  The "taco meat"-like consistency was a little unexpected, but the seasoning of the ground chorizo and melted cheese was great.  Just a slight kick while the jalapenos gave it that extra heat.  All in all - deliciousness.. . While I've heard of stories about the long waits at Hash House, we lucked into a short 5-10 minute wait for a table of five.  Since we were there on Easter Sunday though, I imagine it might have been a little quieter than normal.  Still, knowing how good (and generous) the food is though, I wouldn't mind having to wait (a little).
My review might have been higher, but I was in a rush that morning and didn't really get to enjoy myself.. . FOOD:. There was a lot of tempting things on the menu, but I went with one of the Benedicts, which featured sage fried chicken, scrambled eggs, potatoes, griddled mozzarella, and a chipotle cream sauce. This was very tasty, and also more than enough food, I couldn't finish it. Though the chicken didn't have a strong sage flavor, it was crispy and juicy. The griddled mozzarella was a stand-out ingredient.. . SERVICE:. Friendly and attentive.. . DRINKS:. I hope that the next time I'm here I can sit, stay a while, and try an alcoholic beverage from their full bar.. . ATMOSPHERE:. I'd call it an up-scale diner.. . PRICE:. It might seem a little high, but when you factor in the amount of food, and the uniqueness of the menu items, it pencils out.
Went here the last two times I was in Vegas, and loved the food. . . 2011: Saturday at 2 pm, crazy lines, terrible service and we almost left. We stuck it out and loved the food and conveniently let the rest of the experience go.... . 2012: Friday breakfast, 10 am reservation. We were 45 minutes late but they were perfectly fine with it (we called to let them know) and were seated right away even if there was a long line of people waiting. Server was spectacular, even offered us to-go cups for our drinks if we wanted them. . . Food is always a winner:. - Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict (Man vs. Food Fave) - amazing and huge. the mashed potatoes are unbelievable, especially aside the chipotle cream. Chicken was moist and tender. (recommend to share this with someone). - Snickers Flapjack - table favorite. - Corned Beef Hash Scramble - winner as well. . Gluttonous experience if you want it to be, otherwise share the entrees. And doesnt hurt that the Roulette tables at Imperial Palace are only $5. Cheapest we've found in Vegas!
Decided to come because of a restaurant.com coupon and the good reviews that this place has. It took a bit of effort to find and get to this place, I wouldn't think that a decent restaurant would be here in the imperial palace casino but it was pretty good. The staff raved about the sage chicken Benedict... Nice presentation, creative idea (not health conscious stuff). Wouldn't order it again personally but it was a fun experience the first time. Also ordered a side of hash browns extra crispy. They're not really hashbrowns but fried one inch potato cubes. Pretty good actually, especially when the potato skin is fried and flakes off, love that. . . Huge portions! If this place is convenient to get to and you want comfort food, just be warned, it's pretty greasy stuff!
The food here is always amazing. And overwhelming.  I've been here before but this is the first time I've had a banana pancake... all to myself.  Eating one of these is like having dessert for breakfast.. . There are a couple tricks to eating here: . 1. Go early.  Drag your still-drunk butt out of bed!  If you go before 9 there will not be much of a wait.  Go afterwards and you could wait longer than an hour.. 2. Skip the mimosa.  Fresh squeezed juice is so much better without 2nd rate booze.. 3. Stick with the basics.  Their Tractordriver special or the Chicken and Waffles are awesome.  Most of the rest seems overly heavy.. 4. Get a to go bag.  Don't worry about fitting it in your minibar, just give it to one of the nice homeless vets hanging out on the strip.  You'll keep the food out of the landfill and feel better about helping someone in need.. . And last but not least.... . 5. GO HUNGRY.
Certainly not as good as the one in San Diego. The sage fried chicken was very good. The bloody maria was exactly what I needed. . . What I specifically don't like is that it is in Imperial Palace. There are no windows, give it a basement-y feel event though the place is large and bright. . . Really, i insisted that my husband and I share, but he wanted his own. Anything is enough for 2 people and if you don't have a refrigerator or microwave in your hotel you wont take this to go so just share.
We were on vacation with friends and this was our last morning to eat something other than a buffet.  We were told about this place by a friend in California and boy were we glad.  It was a wonderful breakfast dining experience.  The food was very good, huge portions and the waitress was EXCELLENT (I forgot her name though).  She was fun and knowledgeable and there for our every need.  All four of us were happy were our selections.  I ordered the Hash spinach mushroom scramble, which was a little dry, but when I ordered a side of the Chipotle sauce from the Andy's Man vs food dish it was perfect.  I asked for just a little bit of the sauce because it was a little dry, but they still charged extra for the sauce.  We also ordered the "Andy's Man Vs Food" breakfast which was delish, although crazy carb loaded with biscuits, mashed potatoes, angel hair pasta, fried chicken, bacon and more.  Our friends got the Mango Coconut pancake and also the French toast and they absolutely loved both dishes.  The coffee was hot and very good and constantly refilled as it should be at breakfast time.  I think everything was definitely a bit overpriced for breakfast with drink, tax and tip probably around $16-20 per person.  I will definitely eat here again the next time I come to Las Vegas, but next time I will share a dish with someone.
I love hash house! The portions here are huge. The first time I went I got the sage fried chicken benediction. I ate about a third of it before I was stuffed! I like that they have a unique take on benedicts - they use biscuits instead of egg mcmuffins, include a layer of mashed potatoes, and it's topped with scrambled eggs instead of poached, but you can request poached on the side if you want. They also come with their own unique sauce rather than hollandaise.. . For my second time I shared with friends and had the blueberry pancake, quesadilla, and pork benediction. The pancake was good; very fluffy and came with a good amount of toppings. The quesadilla was delicious and like the benedictions, come with a layer of mashed potatoes! The pork benediction wasn't as good as the sage one I had my first time. I also wasn't expecting the pork to come fried. It had to much breading and the meat was a bit tough.. . If this place served regular human portions, I would decrease my rating to a 3. But the portions are ginormous, food is decent, and the menu has a wide selection making it suitable for groups. There is always a line, but platinum members and higher are seated pretty much right away!
Not a huge Breakfast person and I prefer buffets when i'm in Vegas but the food was good and price was also good if you good on a weekend be ready to wait because they get packed!
Finally got to go to Hash House after missing it the last few trips to Vegas andI was not disappointed. My wife and I shared the famous Chicken and Waffles. I would recommend anyone without a hearty appetite or the ability to take leftovers home try and share something on this menu. The portions are huge. Just watch the Las Vegas episode of Man vs Food if you want to see what these plates look like. I can't speak for anything else on the menu but the Chicken and Waffles are awesome. Just expect a wait no matter what location you visit.
After a delayed flight into Vegas, my friend and I were seriously hungry when our Vegas partner in crime picked us up from the airport. When she told me she was taking us to restaurant in the Imperial Palace, I was definitely skeptical at first, but I've gotta hand it to her, my girl knows her way around delicious comfort food. But when she prepped me for the larger-than-life serving sizes at Hash House A Go Go, I didn't imagine a spectacle even close to the portions at this joint. "A pancake bigger than your face," is what she said. And damn, the girl was not lying!. . Since it was the afternoon on a weekday in Vegas, the place wasn't exactly busy. There were a few patrons though, and our waiter was nice and attentive. Being the foodies my friend, Christina and I are, our  eyes immediately darted to the New York Times recommended fried sage chicken and waffles - we know we were going to be ordering this. We decided to split since the portions are so big. Our other gal pal ordered a pecan pancake and some fancy flavored lemonade thing. . . The lemonade was quite tasty, and this takes a lot for me to admit because I'm not a fan of sour or lemonade at all. Next our food arrived...it was gigantic! Our chicken and waffles were stacked high - talk about a heart attack on a plate! it was a beautiful presentation, and the food did not disappoint. The chicken was nice and crispy, and I loved that we could taste the sage in every bite - a nice gourmet touch. The waffles were fluffy and did not get soggy when we poured the syrup all over this outlandish dish. And, to top it off, the waffles had a bit of bacon inside. I could have done without this because it was already so over the top, but it didn't hurt the dish. My friends pancake was indeed WAY bigger than her head. I had a bite, and it was a good pancake!. . We were hungry and we definitely left full after eating at Hash House A Go Go. I recommend splitting those chicken and waffles!
I understand that this restaurant is located inside Imperial Palace which might be one of the worst casinos in Vegas, but we're here for the food right?. . I got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and I've got to say, it's a massive portion of food! This is probably the most well known item on the menu, and for good reason.. . All of the food from the crispy juicy friend chicken, the waffles and the syrup was great. This could probably feed 2 people. I was pretty hungry and I had about 3 pieces of chicken to bring home. It's also not incredibly expensive either so that's a good thing after a long night of gambling.. . I will probably come here again on my next time to Vegas, but I won't make the mistake of ordering it just for myself.. . --. Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
delicious breakfasts, waits can be long in the morning, so go early or late to miss the breakfast rush.
Tired? Haven't slept? Hangover? This is the place you want to be. In a city filled with mountainous buffets and chef-endorsed eateries, sometimes what you really need is a place that serves hearty, down to earth grub. And that is pretty much what you get at Hash House a Go Go. . . I had the fried chicken benedict and it was a monsterous plate of fried goodness. At first, I noticed a huge load of mashed potatoes underneath everything else which made me a little cautious (didn't want to food coma before going on the 5 hour drive back to LA). But surprisingly, the mash was rather light and went really really well with the rest of the dish. My chicken was cooked and fried perfectly with just enough batter for a nice little crunch. The bacon was a nice touch and the sauce they used brought the entire dish together. Overall, the flavors were very harmonious but truthfully, the most amazing aspect is the power of this meal to cure hangovers/ aggravated stomachs. Be it a night of cavalier partying or a low key drink fest, the food here will do more than enough to stop the room from spinning. . . Just be ready to wait a bit and make sure all of your party is present when you put your name down because they won't give you a buzzer until everyone is there. There will definitely be a wait but they have a selection of magazines for you to dive into, assuming you're in a state to read. . . I will say that our waiter was rather rude at times and didn't seem too keen on earning his tip that day. One of my friends was very hungover and in obvious discomfort but the waiter still seemed to think it was necessary to poke constant fun at him; obviously he was joking (I hope) but there's a point where jokes get old and the waiter needs to learn when to stop. Maybe he realized we were getting annoyed because he disappeared for a while and left us to tend to our empty glasses of ice. I don't think it's enough to justify docking any stars but it's worth mentioning. . . Just be ready to come hungry and leave bloated. And make sure to get your poolside time in before you pay a visit because it is unlikely that your hard earned six pack will survive this episode.
I'm pretty enthused with this place: chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, passable coffeee.  Very delicious food in Las Vegas inside the Imperial Hotel.  This place is the closest to our room, and there was no wait at 9:30 a.m. on Memorial Day morning.  Pretty wonderful food; my wife loved the french toast.  . . I tried a mocha smore drink the day before which looked pretty but tasted pretty toxic, so I can't go with five stars.  . . Wonderful service, friendly staff, great people-watching!
I'm so glad I got a chance to try this place out!  After 1 week, I'm still thinking about the breakfast here!  . . Of the 4 of us, we shared 2 of the Andy's Sage fried chicken benedict, perfect portion & it was delish!!  Do not try to eat one on your own!  It's huge!!  I loved all the fresh flavors of the benedict, its a great twist on the usual benedict flavors and textures.  I loved more of the veggies & biscuits instead of muffins.  Everything went so well together.  The chipotle cream that topped the huge mound was yummilicious!!  I wanted a jacuzi size pot to jump in!  The menu states this plate is a Man vs. Food Fave.  I concur!!. . The location is on the 2nd floor of the casino inside Imperial Palace (currently getting a total makeover).  . . The service was good for the most part, but our server was inconsisant where he would be so friendly one moment, and kinda grouchy the next.. . I would definitely come again and again to try out the other items.  Next on the list is the chicken & waffles!!  That thing is huge!!!  The prices here are very reasonable for the portion and flavors.
My wife said the biscuit was the best she ever ate. We shared a bone-in ribeye which was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Lovely fresh carrots, asparagus and green beans and crispy frites sealed the deal.  Two can share 1 dinner with no problem.  Our sever, Steven was very sweet, engaging and attentive.  The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is that it REEKS  of cigarrette smoke.  The restaurant is non-smoking but the casino downstairs is smokers' paradise.  There are other Hash Houses in LV.  We may go there next time, but then we wouldn't see Steven.
Went last week on our trip to Vegas after seeing them on Man V Food.  Loved it!. . Got there and told it'd be about 30 minutes to get a table and we wanted to go back downstairs to gamble, so we asked for a pager.  She said to not go too far or it wouldn't work.  After 30 minutes we came back up to check and they'd called us 5 minutes earlier (pager didn't work cuz I guess we went too far). But they quickly seated us anyway, so that was great.. . Service was good.  Only thing that would have been better is if they'd checked on us a bit more and refilled drinks more often.  But that's often the case with the average restaurant that's so busy you're waiting to get a table.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful.. . I ordered the sage chicken benedict and my husband had the banana pecan french toast.  We're pretty big eaters and he did manage to clean his plate, but I could only do about half of mine, even though it was delicious.  If you're with someone you can share a meal with and can come to an agreement on what to order (so much to choose from) then I suggest sharing.  Because it tastes so amazing you want to keep eating and you'll totally overeat.. . This was probably the best breakfast meal out that I've had in years!  I have even decided that anytime I go to LA, I will drive to San Diego just so I can eat here.  . . I also used a restaurant.com coupon with no problems!
In my three day trip to Vegas, I ate one slice of pizza and the fried chicken Benedict from Hash house A Go Go. This was plenty of food. . .  I've been to the Hash House A Go Go in San Diego (original, I think) and this place compares nicely. Huge portions and interesting combinations of things. . I really enjoyed the bloody Mary, and I don't usually like Bloody Mary's.. . What I did not like about this place was tha there was zero reception in the waiting area, and they won't seat you until your whole party is there. No reception, no seating till all is present, 20 minutes waits and Vegas are a bad combination with larger groups. . . Overall, its a nice mid-range priced place to eat. If you are not a big eater then the $2.50 split plate cost should be more than enough food.
Twisted farm food is a great descriptor for this place.  Ended up splitting Andy's sage fried chicken benedict style with a friend because the portions are ridiculous.  Normally, restaurants serve you a ton of food to make up for poor quality, but Hash House just serves up crazy amounts of crazy good food.  Great place, the wait was a little much but that's why you're they're housed inside a casino right?
Long wait and semi-slow service, but oh-m-gee, that brown sugar banana pancake totally made up for it! I don't even like pancake but it's seriously good. The butter and syrup definitely made it richer, but it was good by itself too. And did I mention it's freakin huge!
Was in Vegas for EDC weekend && had to try Hash House! The food pictures looks bomb, so I had to give this place a chance. Ordered the Chicken & Waffles. The waffles had bacon in it!! Chicken & Bacon, my two favorite things. The pictures didn't lie, Lol. Def worth another visit.
FINALLY made it to this place, it's been on my Vegas hit list for the last couple of trips and we finally made it this time!. . Came on a Sunday around 4:30pm and there was absolutely no wait.  . I've heard that sometimes people weren't allowed to share entrees but we had no problems with that. Our server also didn't care that one of our friends was passed out at the table for the entire duration of the meal and that two of them weren't even wearing shoes. Ah, Vegas.... . The bf had the chicken and waffles - which I happily helped him demolish. I had a hash house scramble with sun dried tomato and artichoke hearts. It was decent but I wouldn't order it again. It was sad that my biscuit was dry and crumbly though. . . Portion sizes here are ridiculous.. . Just order the chicken and waffles, seriously.
sage fried chicken and waffles.. . there is bacon INSIDE the waffles.. . heart attack.. . i die.
I ate here one afternoon this past April. The menu is extensive and tempting. The theme of "twisted farm food" (i.e affordable comfort dishes with a contemporary spin) is imaginative and well-executed. My grilled cheese sandwich was huge and delicious with all kinds of cool extra ingredients. The side of mashed potatoes with bacon and cheese was equally humungous and delicious. The margaritas here are good also. The bartender who served me hit a nice balance of behaving in a relaxed manner while being very quick and efficient. For me, this place is a must-visit next time I am close to the mid-Strip. Recommended!
Hash House a Go Go is located inside Imperial Palace - all the way in the end. I've been here a couple of times. I wanted to try a place similar to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles & this did it for me.. . I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Breast & Waffles. The waffles are nice and fluffy; airy as you bite it. The Fried Chicken is also nice and crispy. The portion is large for a tiny person to finish. I couldn't finish the whole dish & that's probably because of all the carbs in it.. . The service is mediocre. I didn't think it was exemplary. The waitress hardly checked up on us to see how we're doing or if the food was good. The hostess was no help either. . . But if you're looking for break from all the Vegas Buffets, try this place. Great for big groups!
We went here for breakfast on a friend's recommendation and were not disappointed . The server told us the portions were big and maybe we should share but me and my boyfriend have very different tastes in food so we each got our own meal. I got the Salmon Benedict  and he got the Bacon Waffles the waitress said the salmon dish was going to be spicy but I think she was thinking about normal people not used to spice. I love spicy Thai food and the salmon dish was just right for me it tasted awesome. She was right about the portion sizes though we each ate half and took the rest back to our hotel.
One word......OMG!!!  Oh wait...maybe that's 3 words...oh well.  The portions are huge, ginormous, humongous...and you can't help but take pictures of what you're about to devour...without success.. . This place is located inside the Imperial Palace, where all this constructions are going on and you can't even the find the proper entrance to the hotel.Crappy hotel and casino, but Hash House is a hidden gem.  . . We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table for 4, but well worth it.  The food wasn't just huge in portion, it was actually good.  Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, BBBLT, Sausage Gravy Pot Pie, and the Scramble were all very tasty dishes and a perfect cure for the hangover from the night before.. . Service can be a bit slow, but who cares when you get to watch everyone else get the most ridiculous meals?  I wanted to walk over to some tables and take pictures of their food too!  Ridonculous!!!
This is a great place for breakfast.  A group of 5 of us (3 guys 2 girls) went and split 3 different meals: . . 1. Blueberry Pecan Flapjack - Giant pancake packed with giant blueberries, very good. . . 2. Sage Fried Chicken Benedict - Our favorite.  The mashed potatoes and spicy mashed potatoes were the winner here. . . 3. Sage Fried Chicken Indiana Favorite - Very good but if you want to try the fried chicken go with the Benedict.. . Definitely enough food and worth the visit for sure!
The portions are just ridiculous! Seriously ridiculous. My sister and I shared a plate of the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and I don't see any other way to conquer that plate.  It comes with two large fried chickens (not chicken pieces, but a whole chicken) and 4 waffles.  All for $15, this was the best deal that we had in Vegas.. . Our concierge at the Bellagio recommended this place.  She called it the strip's hidden little secret, but it's not a secret because in the middle of the day, the wait time was 30-45 minutes.. . The hostesses were very impersonable and really had an air about them as if we were bothering them by wanting to be seat.  Luckily, our waiter made up for the rude hostesses.  He was attentive and on point with the drink refills; Always appreciated when the Vegas weather is 115 degress outside.. . Please make this one of your stops when in Vegas.  From the decor, various celebrities have endorsed and multiple food/cooking shows have featured this restaurant.
I love this place! Great bargain considering how exorbitantly large the portions are. Quality-wise, it just is what it is: yummy diner food.  And the servers have always been helpful and attentive.  Initially I saw a crowd of people waiting just outside the entrance of the restaurant, so I was anticipating a long wait, but the hostess informed me that it would only be a 10-15 minute wait (awesome). There's a bartender that serves Bloody Mary's and such while you wait, so you can a head start on drinking (also awesome).  I got the sage chicken (because it was featured on MvF) and it didn't disappoint. I barely finished a quarter of my food, but it tasted great as leftovers too. Expect to feel a good 5 lbs heavier after your meal... maybe plan a walk down the strip to help digest.. . This is just one of those places you have to experience so that you can say you went there. Which is made obvious when you sit down at your table and look around to see everyone take a picture of their dish so that they can post it on Facebook with some subtitle along the lines of "hey guys, look at my huge plate of food!!!"
This is one of the good eats in Vegas.  The portions are not only enormous, but they either tower over your plate or skillet.  The corn beef hash is a signature dish, but there are plenty ofvariations of omelets, waffles and flapjacks to choose from.  If you're really hungry, you can even get biscuits with gravy on the side or toast with their homemade apricot jam.  I'll have to come back to try their version of fried chicken and waffles.  . . Service is fast, friendly and helpful especially when describing their specials.  The ambiance is casual and one of the hidden gems in the hotel, which is under construction.  Parking is ample in lots nearby.
I used to go to the original Hash House all the time and have missed it immensely.  So glad to have one in Vegas now!   . . Hash was great!  Service was friendly, although a few minor holes.  . . Portions were immense and tasty!   I made my meal 2 meals!
We had a heck of an adventure finding this place. The Imperial PALACE (ahem) is the most confusing place I've been to yet! We got lost a few times, went up and down a few creepy elevators, and eventually found this place. Wait time was about 30 minutes, bearable with the right people and bloody marys. . . Food is good, more appealing in presentation and size. The waffle was delicious, fried chicken with sage was flavorful. I could have probably done without the hash and quesadilla but I was glad to try it. I recommend one order to share between two people. The portions are HUGE and I love it!!
DEEEEEEEEEEEEElicious!! Ordered the BLT bloody mary. A little bit lost on how exactly to drink/eat it. . Also ordered the BLT to eat. (BLT kick??) Very good to both.  Bread was really good. . . Ate off the man's plate too. He got scrambled eggs, which were overly cheesy so ask for less cheese if you don't like having equal parts egg to cheese. . They have really good biscuits and home made jelly.
Hungry? You better be if going to the Hash House! Stayed at Imperial Palace for a recent convention and ate at the HH each of the three mornings. Tried to give another place a shot but it was as if a giant pork covered magnet was pulling me in.. . Their coffee rivals any Starbucks/coffee house. Seriously. It's hot, it's dark and it's good stuff. No need for sugar or cream, just man up and drink it like it was meant to be drunk.. . My first breakfast was a chorizo, jalepeno, tomato, cheesy hash and it was fantastic. Potatoes in the hash are perfectly crisp. Over easy eggs were cooked perfectly and served with a fluffy biscuit and fruit. Wonderful, homemade jam sits at every table.. . Second day I went with The Basic which is 2 eggs, potatoes, fruit and a biscuit. I added bacon for an extra $2.50. I probably should have left the bacon off as it was a little disappointing. I know, I know. Bacon? Disappointing? Not sure how those two words could ever be uttered in the same breath but my two strips were melded together and a little overdone. Reminded me of the bacon in the cafeteria of the hospital I work in. Pre-cooked and piled into a metal pan and heated on the grill for each order.. . Last morning was a Saturday morning and the place was slammed so I sat at the bar. I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy breakfast which comes with two eggs, fruit and mashed potatoes. I really wanted to order according to menu and try the mashed potatoes but those crispy potatoes are sooooo good that I made the substitution for the mashed. Tasty gravy with nice big chunks of sausage!. . All the dishes are nicely arranged and garnished. Each morning my biscuit came with a sprig of rosemary sticking out of it. Nice touch.. . The atmosphere is pleasant with good music being piped in. Wait staff is friendly and service is fast. On the morning I sat at the bar for breakfast, the bartender asked if I drank and I replied to the affirmative. (Hello!?  Is this not Vegas??!!) Next thing I knew there was a gratis mimosa sitting next to my coffee. . . Yep, I'm a fan!
I just want to start off by saying I went with a big party of 10 on a Friday night to the Hash House, we did not have to wait but maybe 10 mins for a table, our server was Brad, Brad was extremely attentive, helpful, went above the line of duty, and made sure our table was happy. When I said above the line of duty, for most of us it was our 1st time there and 2 ordered the same sandwich and when one got it, the other friend was just commenting to us oh if I knew it had chopped peppers on it I would have ask to have that removed, when Brad brought her dish out, the peppers were not even their! He was an excellent server!. . . I spilt an order of Fried Green Tomato stack with a friend, and when it came out, it was very eye pleasing. So bright with color and stacked beautifully! It was thick slices of fried green tomatoes, feta cheese, a chicken salad between layers & sweet tangy balsamic vinaigrette drizzled all over it. Oh My Gawd!!! That was some delicious heaven!! Was sad when it was all gone, just talking about it now is making me want it again!. . I also ordered the cheddar, bacon avocado hamburger with horseradish mash potatoes. WOW that's a huge burger; I could only eat a quarter of it and that's with removing one of the patties, the bun was perfect, it held everything together, firm yet soft, the cheese was real sharp cheddar the bacon were soft crispy strips that just melted in your mouth, the avocado, oh man that was the best, so fresh, so creamy just yum!! The horseradish potatoes were perfect! Now I ate most of them, couldn't stop, they were sooo good but because of that, only ate a  of my burger.    . . I look forward to coming back! So many things to still try!
Share a meal!!! The waiter told us the portions were big, so we shared. Good thing. If we hadn't, we would have over spent. I shared the chicken and waffles with one son, my husband shared a hash plate with another son, The two little ones ordered from the kids menu, and their pancakes were huge. . The food was yum, plated nicely, and good. The kids really wanted to go here after seeing it on TV. Glad we did, next time we're in town we'll drop by again,
Heard this was a really good place for a heavy big plated breakfast or as one of my friend said "Denny's on steroid" and usually there's a 3 hour wait because it is always packed. Well I was already starving but since I wanted to try this place I decided to try it. Luckily when we got there, there was no wait....and we got seated right away...and this was a Saturday around lunch time. We all decided to kind of share since the portions were so big...so I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict which was featured on Man vs. Food as a favorite food of this restaurant. . . mMmMmM it was delicious indeed! The sauce was amazing and the combination of fried chicken, egg, biscuit covered in an amazing gravy sauce was sensational and I probably could have finished the whole thing myself if I wasn't watching out for carb intake....however I totally wiped clean my half of the plate. hehe . . Definitely a good place for very hungry people and for those that love a heavy amazingly delicious breakfast meal.
I came here hungry with a friend who said this place was great. It was supposed to have huge portions and it was right on. I was starving and left completely stuffed, and I didn't even finish my meal. I had the signature Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. The chicken breast was juicy and crispy, with a sage and garlic batter, extremely tasty. They served two of them along with 4 waffles, with chunks of apple wood bacon cooked inside. I thought this was going to taste great, but it was a bit plain and doughy. It was served with reduced maple syrup for extra flavor. I couldn't even finish 2 waffles. I enjoyed it, but needed to walk off all that food, which took a while. I would go back to try their stuffed burgers next time. I saw someone eating one and it looked very tasty.
This is the kind of place you should take your worst enemy. Order him a Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles. And when he's done and the blood flow to his brain has slowed to a trickle, stab him in the chest. Bitch ain't going nowhere.
Perfect hangover food.. We waited approximately 45min before we were seated, there was about 12 of us, so it was understandable. I asked our server which was the best dish in his opinion and he said the Sage Fried Chicken Breast & Waffles, so I ordered it. Not disappointed AT ALL. I love my friend chicken crispy not too oily, and this was perfect, the waffles were fluffy. I couldnt finish my dish, the portions were huge.. . Service was friendly and sweet. They talked to us while we waited to be seat. When you're hung over from a night out in Vegas, this is the place to be. NOM.
It was a fun experience the blue cheese walnut salad with fried chicken and biscuit was probably the best salad I have ever tasted in my 39 yr old life. But upon returning to the same place for a second attempt was not as good. The atmosphere wasnt that great for lunch and the renowned fried chicken and waffles was good but I think it's more about the size rather than taste. Yes it was huge portions but huge on taste ? No way. How can sage infused fried chicken with syrup and bacon waffles go together? Beats me!!!! Above average to good. Sorry fans.
two days in, this is my favorite thing about vegas.  portion size is an amazing value when sharing (but a waste if you're trying to go it alone w/o "man vs food" appetite).  the pancake is the size of a medium size pizza!  not that we ordered one, just an observation of the table next to us where the woman ate a mere 1/8 of the pie, i mean, pancake.  our table split 3 types of hash (salmon, meatloaf and roasted chicken), which were all tasty, but the real star was the fried chicken & waffles.  oh my goodness, that was heaven, even for someone like me who isn't really a fried chicken kinda gal.  but wow, so juicy and tasty!  and lord, the bacon INSIDE the waffle is pure genius!  i can safely say, i'm going back ... maybe every day that i'm here?
This restaurant is located in one of the crappiest hotels on the strip (Imperial Palace), but it's definitely a hot spot for brunch.  . . My bf and I shared the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, which was freaking HUMONGOUS. We weren't even able to finish the entire thing between the two of us.  Our friend got the fried chicken and waffles, which was also huge and looked delicious. I tried a bit of the waffles which had chunks of bacon in it, which I thought was good, and i don't even like bacon!. . Overall, the food was good, but next time I'd probably opt for the fried chicken and waffles. The fried chicken benedict kinda had too much going on, as gigantic as it was, with the mashed potatoes, chicken, eggs, biscuit, etc. Overall, it was a good and satiating meal and I'll definitely come back during my next trip to Vegas!
Servings are huge!!! Even the kids menu is impressive! There was no wait for Diamond card holders!!!
Went here 2 times over the past weekend.  Both times I tried 2 salads.  One was the chicken ceaser & I forget what the other one was called. Both salads were GREAT.  Served in very large bowl like plate w/ a big homemade biscuit.  The biscuit was soft and tasted very good. The salad dressing to both salads tasted very unique, different than the usual run of the mill salad dressings.  It was not that expensive for two lunches/brunch and a drink, under $50.  The alcoholic drinks left a little to be desired.  I had a pink lemonade margarita.  It tasted sweet, sort of watered down.  Not that great & it took too long to get our drinks when the place wasn't full at the time me & my husband went. The food came almost at the same time as the drinks even thou we had ordered the drinks first. In my opinion they need to get more experienced, seasoned bartenders.  From what I saw they have young girls making drinks that don't look that serious about how to make a good drink. Seems they rather chit chat with their fellow servers then learn to make a good drink.  If the place wants eye candy as their bartenders, they should train them right. Otherwise I think this place was great.
My daughter, my friend, and I ate here three weeks ago. The food was delicious, our server wasn't so great, (which is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5) and the wait seem like forever,  it was actually a little over an hour. Yes, it was worth it! Everything is cook per order and the portion are OVERSIZE. There's no way you can watch your weight eating here. lol. Overall I adore this little gem in Imperial Palace. Although the waiter wasn't great, I still left him a hefty tip. Maybe he was stress, from the morning chaos. :)
Ordered Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese and the sage fried chicken.  Huge serving!!! It's best to share it with a group.
Great place!!!! Order the Biscuit and gravy with a fried egg though. Also the burgers are awesome....Kids plates can easily be shared between 2 kids...even if the eat a lot.
Huge brunch crowd, little bit of a wait, but totally worth it.. . This place is in the Imperial Palace which is under construction right now-- a little bit of a hassle to find... We were told that the wait would be about 30 min when we arrived on a Saturday morning, but I doubt it even took 20. This place is huge, and they put out a lot of food.. . All I could think of while I was there was how much food this place must throw away every day. The portions are gigantic. Really out of control big. I was starving, and I doubt I ate 1/3 of what was on my plate.. . I ordered the Fried Chicken w/ Bacon Mashed Potatoes, Biscuit and Eggs. My husband ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict. I liked mine a lot. He LOVED his. The bacon mashed potatoes were the standout for me. I thought they were excellent. The fried chicken was really good too-- it's fried with sage, and has a maple reduction. . . Waitress was very friendly and attentive.. . We'd definitely go back. For the price and the amount of food you get, I'd say that this is one of the best values in Vegas.
Let me preface this by saying that I don't usually like chicken.  Yes, yes, I know, who doesn't like chicken?  Well, I don't.  But THIS chicken...the chicken and waffles is just AMAZING.  My boyfriend ordered it and I ended up eating most of his chicken because it was just so damn tasty.  The mix of herbs they put in there really infuse the chicken and make it taste like a bird that's flown in from heaven.  I thought the friend chicken here was inifintely better than Roscoe's (I know, blasphemy to some).  . . Also, I usually can't eat more than a bite of pancakes.  But...the brown sugar banana pancake is also REALLY REALLY REALLY GOOD here.  The pancake is pizza size, and the entire top is glazed with a crunchy brown sugar coating that pairs great with the pancake beneath.  Yum!. . I got some kind of a sausage scramble (can't even remember which one) which was not really very great.   Also, the "bacon waffles" do have bacon embedded in them, but they disappointingly do not taste quite as good as they sound in theory.
IF you have to read anything in this review, you must heed my advice: order, gamble, steal, and/or whore yourself out to try the brown sugar pancake/flapjack.  Gather the crumbs off of another table's leftover pancake if you have to.  Nike.  I mean, just do it.. . I would have given this review a 5 (the pancake gets a 5) but I did find some draw backs.  The roasted chicken hash deserves a 2 as the seasoning was salty and the chicken was dry.  The few benedicts that I have tried are at least a 3 star rating, but their portions in general deserve a 5.  Come hungry.
Great food, large portions, will def go to the Chicago Location soon! can't wait to try the chicken and waffles and the stuffed cheese burgers they looked delish at other tables. Service was great and very personable too!
Food here tastes awesome!!!! I did go a little over a year ago. But will be going to Vegas in a couple of weeks and definitely going to go here again!
Very good food. I mean I've never seen such LARGE Portions but the food was great. One bite of my boyfriends rosemary chicken and eggs Benedict and I was like wow this is very yummy!
This is good. You should come here when in Vegas. Sat at the bar/ counter. This place is a souped up version of the long standing diners that feed the working, drunk and unruly of Las Vegas. . The biscuit was huge, the portion of the goat cheese, mushroom, and sun dried tomato scrambler I had was generous. The counter guy seemed swamped and a bit peeved when the wait staff asked him to do extra things or when I requested a copy of my receipt. Get him some help back there.
This place is worth the wait!  I came here recently with my boyfriend.  We had the Pork Tenderloin Benedict and the Chorizo & Jalepeno Hash with a Bloody Mary and the Banana Latte (see my pics).  The Pork Tenderloin was pounded so thin and fried crispy, I could not stop eating it.  The chorizo and jalepeno hash was also good but I could not stay away from the pork tenderloin.  The banana latte was fantastic!!!  The bloody mary is a huge drink and could use a bit more tomato juice.
Pros - French toast, eggs, and bacon.. Con: Waiting 35 min for French toast, eggs, and bacon.
Fried Chicken and Waffles....can it get any better? So I've been to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in SoCal, which I would say is better, but I did like the sweet taste of their chicken. I think they cook it with some of the syrup from the waffles already poured on the chicken. I didn't like the soy sauce syrup, more of a traditional syrup guy myself, but this place sure did do the trick for the fried chicken craving.
I have been to all the HHGGs in town, and finally got to try the IP location when my folks were in town for the weekend.. . We went on a Saturday around noon, so I definitely knew there would be a wait. They quoted us 45 minutes, but it ended up being only about 25, which isn't bad. If you're at any decent breakfast place on the strip on a weekend, you'll have to wait. . . I typically enjoy going to the older properties to check them out and get a bargain drink, but with all the construction going on right now, the IP is hell to get in and out, plus the smokiness level is pretty high down in the casino. Luckily, HHGG has its own mezzanine-kind of level, which is all smoke-free.. . Since I'm with child over here, I didn't order a drink, but I did sample the Orange Crush (kinda like a mimosa with vodka and a salt rim) and the bloody mary (super spicy and very strong) - I thought they were both great! The bloody mary, especially, reminded me of something I'm definitely looking forward to after the baby is born in May!. . On to the food. I almost always get something with fried chicken at HHGG, so this time I went for the fried chicken benedict. The chicken was excellent, as always - delicious sage breading, not too heavy, and no bones! They came on top of spinach, tomatoes, scrambled eggs, cheese, and a biscuit, with a kind of creamy chili sauce all over. Oh, and underneath, was a huge block of mashed potatoes, probably the equivalent of 2 large potatoes! My one complaint about the dish was that the biscuits were kinda dry and bland. The others in my party got the vanilla waffle, blue cheese burger, and rueben sandwich (which is called the pub crawl). I seriously loved the waffle and the pub crawl. The corned beef and sauerkraut were so delicious and flavorful, they totally complimented the rye bread, and I usually hate rye bread. I thought the burger was good, but nothing too exciting.. . Yes, there is too much food! We were all super hungry (and the waffle was only like a half meal, since it comes by itself), and together we ate about 3/4 of everything. No problem - I love leftovers!. . Prices run from $8 for the waffle to $16 for the eggs benedict, which is all totally reasonable. The drinks are a little high at $14/ea for the specialty drinks, but that's definitely in line with typical strip prices.. . Only drawback was the service. While friendly, our server seemed super rushed, and the kitchen took a while to get our food out.
I ate here a couple months ago and liked it enough to come back to write their review. The service: Great personality to the waiter who was as friendly as they come and food came piping hot - not waiting on a counter somewhere.. This place has an excellent pancake - made giant just the way I like it.. Portions for everything else as everyone here mentions are huge and somehow thats exciting for me =). Their rosemary chicken on waffles has great and has good flavor - chicken could have been in the brine just a bit longer to lock in more juices but still overall a good piece of fried chicken.. Came back with some friends for a second time too - we all had a great time.
WOW!!!! A friend recommended this place and I was a bit sceptical but I am REALLY happy my wife and I came here. The food was amazing and the portions were huge. I had the Fried Chicken and it was delicious! I need more time to work through this menu.
The BLT Bloody Mary was pretty much the best thing that has happened to my mornings, in a VERY long time. .  . Was in Vegas the past few nights and absolutely loved Hash House A Go Go.  We could not get over how massive the portions were and how tasty the food was.  So much so in fact, that we visited two mornings in a row!  The first morning I had their take on an eggs benedict that featured griddled mashed potatoes, a red pepper cream sauce with spinach, tomatoes and bacon.  TO DIE FOR.  Impossible to finish.  My boyfriend had the chorizo hash which was also delish, but my benny took the gold medal on that meal. . . The next morning we re-visited and I had waffles with bacon, eggs and crispy potatoes.  The meal was pretty standard, but the waffles put this meal at 4 stars. This morning, my boyfriend tried the house favourite Fried Chicken Benedict.  UN-BE-LIEV-ABLE. The chipotle cream sauce absolutely makes this dish, coupled with their famous Sage Fried Chicken.  Wow. . . I am a huge fan of this place, and fully intend on returning upon my next Vegas vacation. Even better than huge portions?  The extremely reasonable prices that go along with them.
Not quite as Good as the one in SD but still Pretty Pretty Pretty Good!. Def worth stopping by!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Enjoyed nearly everything about this place! The staff is friendly, the food is good and the prices of the food are fantastic in relation to the amount they serve. I shared a blueberry pecan pancake that was so big 2 of us couldn't finish it. And it was only 7.95$! I had a hot chocolate and it was very weak in flavor. My friend had a fancier hot chocolate-type drink that was 8$. My hot chocolate was 5 bux...there drinks are much too expensive. Anyways, the ambience is fun, modern and clean. I would definitely come back here multiple times!. . Just keep in mind the size of the portions and share...this is one fun place you can definitely get a good deal at on the Strip. Might as well use that to your advantage!
Big yummy breakfast food. AKA comfort food overload deluxe.. . My x-brother-in-law told me about The Hash House A Go Go several years ago while we were fishing in Mexico. He said "dude you are gonna love this place, we're going when we hit the docks tomorow, the breakfast there is off the hook."  But it wasn't in the cards as we got thick in the fish and opted for some fresh bluefin sashimi instead.. . So fast forward several years, that Hash House place is still ingrained in the back of my mind and what do ya know, while taking a breather from the Venetian's casino I go for a walkabout and stumble on a sign that tells me there is a HHAGG in the Imperial Palace Hotel. So I go thru this construction maze of an entry to the IPH and into the hottest (like 90 degrees) casino on the planet. I go pass the performing blues brothers  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wjTzw8bEYOTQJk41V8WQw?select=TZSIV-_ypvbTuH7mh_f8cg#TZSIV-_ypvbTuH7mh_f8cg blackjack dealers and up an escalater to find that they are closed! Damn, so I make plans for the next days breakfast.. . Wake up at zero dark thirty (6:30) so I can have B-fast before going to the Fabtech trade show. I get there NO LINE! Yes the casino gods are favoring me today. I asked to be seated at the bar for quicker service. This was the first time I ever ordered a glass of milk at a bar, it felt wierd. I then ordered up a Andy's Sage Fried Chicken.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=W3BT2l3t-ifYfCtQ_Q2vbQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . FOOD: Andys Sage Fried Chicken ... This was a giant breakfast, the chicken and eggs atop a couple of biskets piled onto a heap of country style mashed potatoes loaded with bacon bits all covered up with a benedictish gravy with diced bell peppers. This was some good stuff a solid 4 **** Star for me. But less bisket and more of that yummy gravy and it would have been 5 Stars.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VDLsrE-gNdkh8N82jlEo5A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . SERVICE: From the hostess taking my picture http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Eo1U2kj6OyU_a_Kr9pC-6A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw and quickly seating me, to the bar (milk) tender who was way cool and friendly, the service was great, fast and polite. 5*****Stars. . I'll be back.
Awesome food at reasonable prices! They serve giganormous portions, so if you don't eat a whole lot, think about sharing! Our wait to be seated was expected to be about 20 minutes, it turned out to be a ten minute wait, so I was impressed. We came in on a Monday (Mon. before Thanksgiving day) and it was surprisingly busy! . . The ONLY reason why I am giving this review four stars is for the sole reason that our food took a while to come out after placing the order, AND was it loud at that place, pretty incredible. But what can they do? Tell everyone to shut up? You just have to suffer through it! No biggy though.
Huge portions of really good food. No brainer! Good service by the staff. Not sure why, but I like the one in San Diego better. But I still dig it here. Breakfast is king!
This place was great. We caught a cab off the strip to check it out, had heard great things. It certainly lived up to the hype.  The food was awesome, sort of old school country fare on steroids. Huge portions. I don't think it really clicks, even reading all these reviews, how massive these portions are until you start digging in!
Great food- super-size portions.  Drinks are fabulous.  The only downside to this place is that the Imperial Palace is so cruddy.  GO, EAT, ENJOY.
To repeat what others said below, the portions are HUGE. Two people could easily split just one order. . . I had the Eggs Benedict with the fried chicken, that was shown on Man vs. Food. It was amazing. First of all, it was huge. It had a large piece of delicious fried chicken on top of eggs, biscuits and mashed potatoes. It was all topped off with a gravy that had some zip to it. The biscuits were obviously home-made and absolutely light and fluffy. The gravy was a perfect compliment instead of traditional hollandaise.. . My companion had the egg skillet with Chorizo sausage and got a tortilla in lieu of a biscuit. Right choice. It was a great meal - wrapping up eggs, chorizo and potatoes in a home-made tortilla. Again, very delicious.. . My companion also had a BLT bloody mary....which is a bloody mary with bacon, tomato, lettuce and a slice of toast coming out of it. It was tasty, but probably not worth the price. May just want to stick with a traditional bloody mary.. . Wait was 25 minutes when we arrived around 11am on a Friday. We sat at the bar so we didn't have a wait, but it appeared they turned tables pretty quickly. Staff was very friendly and helpful, making recommendations and suggestions.. . Menu was extensive and offered a lot of options, with some very interesting and clever combinations of foods. I wanted about 10 different things off the menu.. . I can't comment on the poor reviews, especially for lunch/dinner items, but I think the breakfast is out of this world.
I always love coming here when I visit vegas. The portions are huge so be prepared to eat to your heart's content and still have plenty of leftovers. I ordered the quesadilla for breakfast which was delicious, but couldn't eat more than a quarter of it. The service is always great/friendly. Try to avoid the Sunday brunch hour because it can get extremely crowded.
What is the opposite of Tapas?  This place!  I went for the Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. I could only eat a 1/4 of it sans the carbs.  It was really interesting that I could taste each of the items and could mix and match.  I thought the chicken was good even though I took most of the batter on it.  You have to try it and go with more people and share.  Trust me people = small village because that entre could feed a small village.  Enjoy it's Las Vegas
HUGE burgers and HUGE portions on everything. . . Fried Chicken with Bacon Waffles was pretty good. Fried Chicken could have been better (Sugar Factory does it better) but I definitely liked the Bacon Waffles. . . Burger was pretty tasty but I actually liked their fries better than the burger it self. Nice seasoning on the fries.. . I asked for a side of BBQ sauce and either the waiter accidentally brought out the teriyaki sauce or their BBQ sauce is watery and soy-saucy.. . Over all a decent experience at a decent price. 3 star for the food and +1 star for not being fully packed like most other restaurants in Vegas. (no wait time)
If you're in Las Vegas, you must stop by Hash House A Go Go. This place has amazing food. Service is sometimes questionable (hence the 4 stars), but I've never been disappointed with the food. . . During our New Years trip to Vegas this year, we stopped by once for their amazing late night stuffed burgers and then again a few days later for a family brunch. The portions here are HUGE, duh, but the food is really amazing. . . Looking for a suggestion??? The chicken and waffles is a must, the stuffed burgers are out of this world, the vanilla, bacon filled waffles are another must and the banana and brown sugar pancakes are the best best pancakes you will EVER have. Promise.. . Give them a chance because you won't be disappointed. Don't go in with high expectations for the service, they always seem to be under staffed, but the quality of the food makes up for it.
Great food, big portions, big lines also though.
My friends think this place is overrated, but I still like it. I just can't get over the Sage Chicken and Waffles - the sage adds a really great flavor. Their Bloody Mary's are also quite good.. . Do make peace with the fact that you will have to wait quite a while to get seated here though.
A little on the expensive side but they give you huge portions and the food is delectable! Waiting to go back to Vegas JUST for the food here.
Holy crap huge portions.. Biscuits and gravy were tasty.  Biscuits are a bit dry.  More a baking powder type.. Gravy had great flavor.. Eggs were done to perfection.. . Its a bit pricey for a Vegas Breakfast but worth it.. . Waiters all seem to be guys.  Very friendly, very attentive and working hard.. Gave us good recommendations.. . If your on the strip looking for a good breakfast its worth the trip.. . Place is a bit loud, lots of people and the decor has metal table tops and metal panels. on the wall so that makes it loud.. . We'll be back.
The portions are HUGE here. My friend wanted to go since it was on Man vs. Food, and since last time she was in Vegas it was like an hour wait.. . Tip: go at a weird/off time (10:30am, 11am) because it will only be about a 20 minute wait. We went on a Sunday at like 10:45. When we left there was a HUGE line of people waiting for lunch.. . ALSO text "Vegas" to 227466, and you will get Total Rewards offers - another reason we went here is because we got a BOGO for the Tractor Driver Combo, which comes with sausage/potatoes/bacon (your choice), pancake or waffle, and eggs. I also got ham on the side which was delicious. We upgraded to their specialty pancakes for $1 extra and they were HUGE. We finished about 1/2 of that, each. All of the other food I saw people eating was ginormous too ... I think you can split portions but they do charge a small fee for doing that.. . I would come back to Hash House next time I'm in Vegas! Kind of wish it wasn't at the Quad (aka Imperial Palace - lots of construction going on there right now, Jan. '13) but oh well. Only con was that the service was pretty slow, it took about 1/2 an hour to get our food, but can't really beat $7 each for breakfast ($13.95 for the Tractor combo normally).
There's chicken and waffles, and then there's a friggin TOWER of chicken and bacon waffles!. . A wee bit hard to find as it is on the 2nd floor, I sat at the bar. Peering at my neighbours gargantuan plates of food, I knew I made the right choice.. . What quickly arrived after ordering was a daunting steak knife holding together thisfrankenstein creation. Also stabbing through the chicken was what looked like a rosemary tree. Geebus.. . Chicken was flavourful and juicy, waffles could've been crispier but the bacon integration made up for that.. . I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't swallow the carb overload. . . The staff were small town diner friendly and prices beyond reasonable.. . Waffle me.
I ordered the Man Vs. Food Fried Chicken and Eggs Benedict... Wow! The chicken was tender and the eggs were not over cooked. The mashed potatoes were flavorful and the biscuit soft and crumbly.  I even enjoyed the chipotle sauce that was poured over the entire thing. It wasn't too creamy and it had a nice kick. And of course, the meal was ginormous!  (Perfect for sharing.)  Even though it was HUGE, this didn't take away from its quality.  All the ingredients were still fresh! This seems pretty true about all other meals served there.  You get quantity and quality.
Wonderful portions. The waffles are great!
We were there on the week of Dec. 19-22, 2012. I'm giving it 4 stars only because we just tried it for breakfast. But it was awesome. The best pancake ever. We knew before hand that the portions were huge so my husband bought one of the basic breakfast with the hotcake and I just bought the basic breakfast (2 eggs, crispy potatoes YUM! and biscuit) and we share the hotcake which was humongous, bigger than my head, seriously. . I didn't love the biscuit it was a bit too dry for me. But I didn't care because the hotcake made up for it. We both ate from it and still couldn't finish it. Delicious!
Sweet mother of little baby bacon Jesus, I will add to the chorus in emphasizing the ENORMITY of these portions. I had to have the famous sage fried chicken and bacon waffles, and they were great. The presentation is hilariously over-the-top, and it's rare to find food that makes me laugh. In the end I do have to give more kudos to their joie d'vivre than the overall taste, which was solid but not as memorable as it looks like it should be. I don't think it's really in the ballpark to compare to Roscoe's because the approaches are entirely different, but I am more partial to their chicken's crispness than Hash's country batter-y crunch. That said, I'd absolutely return to *split* a chicken and waffles in the future.
Came here after clubbing and I had previously NEVER heard of this amazing place. It's located in the Quad which is formerly imperial palace. You take the escalators up to the restaurant which is fairly large. Service was great and attentive.. . Food: We got the steak and eggs which portion wise wasn't a lot but tasted amazing. Either that or I was really buzzed. I saw another person with the Benedict and that plate was HUGEEEEE. They do seem to have a lot of specialty plates that I would love to come back and try.. . This place is definitely a toss up with Earls for after hours spot. Price is decent enough as well. I'd compare this to a Denny's diner kind of feel.
When we saw people getting their orders we were in AWWE. Are you kidding me? Watermelon lemonade yum. Banana Latte- YUM. But most of all, the giant pile of sage chicken and waffles? Friggen rediculous. . . TRUST ME You have to try this place next time you are in Vegas. . . The wait was 35 minutes, but you can order a bloody mary or lemonade while you wait. . . Grab your hotel coupon book they usually have coupons for a free lemonade. We will be back, my daughter and I were crazy about this place. . . Food: YUMMMM. Service: GREAT. Wait: LOOOONG so be prepared to wait. Or take turns waiting and go gamble:)
Enough has been said here, but seriously I don't even like bloody marys but I certainly did here.  Compared to anything else on the strip this place is several steps above for an amazing hangover cure be it food or otherwise.
Get the Eggs Benedict Florentine style or regret it for the rest of your life! It was insanely good.
So I just got back from Las Vegas and my last meal was at Hash House A Go Go. I love this place. I had the HH meatloaf hash. This comes with HH's famous meatloaf, potatoes, red peppers, the biggest biscuit I have ever seen, a slice of melon, 2 eggs cooked to your request and a strawberry. YUMMY!!! I have been to this location twice before. This time I sat at the bar because there was a wait. I didn't realize that they went from normal hours to being open 24 hours. I might have ate there sooner during a late night gambling or dancing on my latest trip. So i opted for the bar because I was so hungry. I knew better than to let my hunger order more than I dish since I was alone. I thought about getting their bacon waffle which is so delicious. But I knew I wanted more than just carbs and meat. Mark & Jayson were the bartenders on duty. Both guys are awesome!! They were very friendly and very attentive to their diners at the bar. So I had the meatloaf hash and it was very good. Of course, I couldn't finish it. Their portions at Hash House are ridiculously huge that you could split 1 entree with a friend and be stuffed for the rest of the day. I wish that I could have taken my leftovers with me to the airport, but there is some silly rules about bringing stuff like that through security check points. I would have given 5 stars for my review. The only reason I didn't was because the restaurant is located so deep inside the Quad that you couldn't get any type of cell reception or cell data. I definitely would recommend anyone going to Las Vegas that loves breakfast to try and stop by Hash House A Go Go before getting on a plane to head home!! Can't wait to get back to Las Vegas to eat here again!!
Be scared, be very scared..... . in a good way.  This was my first time atHash House A Go Go and wow was shocked to see how big the portions were.  I got a simple plate of scrambled eggs, bacon and hash browns and a biscuit and I couldnt even finish it all.  Another member of our party had their famous chicken and waffles and the plate was a marvel.  . . Our waiter was great, very attentive and had a funny attitude that we all enjoyed.  Really enjoyed my visit here.  Its a little tricky to find as you have to take a small elevator up to the restaurant itself, but its well worth the treck!
must go if your in vegas!!! if you can wait for like 20-30 min. you have to come for breakfast. its always a line but it moves fast! i love how they plate their food, very elegant! and will have you full!. a must go!
we loved the place and the bloody marry is awsome
The wait for a table can be pretty long on the weekends, but the food is worth it. The food takes longer than you think it should, so be prepared to wait through a couple of Bloody Marys. The portions are completely ridiculous, so you will either leave full to stuffed or guilty that you left so much on your plate. This is comfort food, so healthy isn't at the top of the priority list. They will do an egg white substitute if you're feeling guilty about the bacon that is cooked into your waffle. Good stuff.
Love, Love, Love the Hash House!! Huge portions, chicken and waffles rock!!  Can't wait to visit the one at Mohegan Sun!!! Thanks for coming to the east coast!!
My first time at this location - the last one I went to in Vegas i think was on Sahara.. . We strolled in on a hungover Sunday morning/afternoon and had about an hour wait. When we were seated our waiter warned us that everything is made fresh to it may take a while to get teh food out - but to our surprise it didn't take long at all.. . Half of the group I ate with had never been to Hash House so wasn't sure what to expect. Their food is farm to table fresh and the portions are massive. I ordered the breakfast quesadilla in hopes of soaking up all the leftover alcohol in my stomach and I definitely ate it for at least 3 meals - it was massive, spicy and tasty!. . Everyone ordered something different, fresh the chicken and waffles to pancakes and eggs and everyone was happy with what they ordered!
If you come hungry - very hungry - and looking for tasty comfort food you will find a whole lot to love about Hash House A Go Go. And by whole lot I mean way huge servings. You've been warned.. . The atmosphere is fun casual and they deliver on every bit of it - throw pillows on the seats and "Country Industrial" design. Their "Twisted Farm Food" is a nice diner menu with emphasis on breakfast and brunch. Every creative dish is farm fresh and seasoned to absolute perfection. They really create full flavor dishes like Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles, Chorizo Hash or Smoked Salmon Benedict. . . And they don't shy away from a full dinner menu with Grilled Pork Tenderloin or Chili Crusted Duck Breast or big salads, burgers and even steaks. And yes, they also have a Late Breakfast menu during dinner hour.. . Full bar? Of course. And their prices are a nice departure from most of the sky-high Vegas fare. Servers are friendly and helpful. They've become a regular stop when visiting Vegas - 3 times and looking forward to the next. You can't hardly go wrong here.
This place gets 3.5 stars from me, but I rate it as a 4 since you can't give half star ratings.  This place is located inside the Quad (Formerly Imperial Palace).  I went here with my wife last Saturday for brunch.  The main reason I would give this place 3.5 stars is definitely not because of the food, but because of the atmosphere.  First off, it's located inside the Quad hotel, which in general is dumpy and has a high population of riffraff.  When we went, the place was very busy (Minimum 30 minute wait for 2 people) and loud.  They don't have a lot of seating, so we ended up just standing and waiting.  I'm not sure if it's because of where it's located in the hotel, but we got no cell phone service in this restaurant.  Again, because it's so loud in here, it's not exactly the best place to hold a conversation.  That said, if loud music and good people watching is your thing, you'll probably enjoy this place.  The food here was actually very good, and they give you way too much of it.  My wife ordered the sage chicken and waffles with bacon, while I simply had a bacon sandwich with fries.  Both were good.  I really wasn't in the mood for breakfast food that day, so my options were limited.  Also, it seemed like we had to wait for a long time to get our food, mostly because they were busy.  Overall, I wouldn't rush back here to eat, mainly because of the atmosphere, but the food was good.
Who knew this trendy breakfast / brunch place on the strip was going to be good??  Awesome bloody's, large portions, and fast svc.  What more do u need the morning after in Vegas?  :). Go early cause their will be a long wait.
The food was outstanding!  I had the Sage Chicken and Waffles.  Really good.  The only criticism was that it seems that they used a cheap syrup.  Too bad really.  I asked for some syrup to go and they were Log Cabin containers, which confirmed that it wasn't a top shelf real Maple.  The chicken was out of the world, and the bacon in the waffles just nailed it.. . My wife had a corned beef hash and it was just lovely.  They under cooked the over easy eggs, but that is so darned common, I can't give them a hard time about it.  . . Menu: 5 Stars. Off the charts.. . Ambience: 3 Stars.  A little rugged and run down, but fits it's in your face style.. . Service: 3 Stars.  Too many mistakes.  They bring your food as it comes up, that means my wife was almost done with her meal by the time I got mine.  The waiter didn't write anything down so when he brought me the wrong dish the first time, it wasn't surprise.   I saw my waiter every 10 minutes.  Had to get up and go to the waiter station to ask for water.  To make all this better, they were running their butts off and rectified every mistake quickly and cheerfully.  I feel it is more of a management issue than anything.. . I will go back next time in Vegas.  I have yet to have a breakfast of this caliber in Vegas.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 53/100. . Find Hash House A Go Go at The Quad (where the Imperial Palace would have been) Heavy construction work is underway so don't be surprised if you find yourself navigating a labyrinth of a path to get here. (Apparently, renovation/alteration is not done yet!) . . Family Tuesday cannot happen this week with schoolwork (and everything in between) piling up for me so I convinced my parents to follow our adventurous compass and head here today. When we got to the first floor, I scanned the celebrity guests whose signatures lined menus in the waiting room outside the restaurant and saw a picture of Adam Richman from Man vs. Food taking a shot at the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle Tower! Sold. We agreed to share what sounded like a mutated chicken and waffle combo. And we were right. It was ginormous! That and an extra order of Basic on the side which included 2 sunny side ups, ham, 2 wheat bread with butter and diced potatoes and I was charged with all the necessary carbs that lasted me for the whole day. My parents were too stuffed to elaborate about their meal by the time we were done, but I'm assuming they had a blast. American portions still get pretty overwhelming for us (and to think that we were already sharing our orders). . Papa couldn't help commenting that the fried chicken was just the right level of crispy and mommy loved how the waffles had bacon stuffed in it. I would hop here for breakfast more often if only the construction below wasn't as disruptive as it was. Over the course of our meal, we heard someone drilling beneath the floor of the party next to us. We could literally feel the ground shake and servers were shaking their heads in frustration. Thankfully everyone was taking it with a grain of salt and light-hearted humor (Someone joked that they thought it was their baby making all the noise) 5 stars without the noise. Perhaps another stop in the future will up my update review.
Atmosphere is loud and fun. Menu is amazing.  Portions are huge..... Wait was loooooong to get seated (45 minutes).  Kitchen time was about half an hour from order time.....  Though our party wasn't expecting a quick bite, we also did not expect to devote three hours to breakfast on a Saturday morning....  And the line was even longer when we left!
Fantastic appetite satisfying hamburgers in a pretty dumpy setting.
Hash House puts good food in front of you in portions that would feed you for a week. Take a good Sunday breakfast - say bacon and eggs - and inflate it to triple its normal size and add a pancake larger than most pizzas. . Simply put, it's really tasty, good ol' home-style comfort food. I've always gotten a combo with a premium pancake for a dollar more which comes with some scrambled eggs and sausage. . . If you like breakfast or diner food, this is the place to go. you'll love it. And you won't leave hungry, that's for sure.
Out of town friends introduced me to Hash House A Go Go on the Strip.  My friend always orders the Chicken and waffle dish.  At first I thought EEEWWAH! But then when I tasted it I was in HEAVEN!!! I'm hooked on this place so when ever they come to town I get treated to a dinner there and I either order the chicken and waffle plate or the Sage chicken Salad. Soooo GOOD!!!   The only complaint I have is they play the music too loud so it's hard to have a conversation if this place is crowed, which it usually is!
I've tried the one at the M Hotel a few years back and was very impressed. This location was super busy because its in the heart of the Strip. If you have a large group, be prepared to wait for 30-45 minutes just to be seated. I suggest to snack on something along the way or while waiting for your name to be called. Better yet, grab a big cocktail from the casino bar and wait...hey, you're in Vegas baby :)  We were here on Saturday 11:30am and it was already packed and we were starving. I suggested to eat here because the portions are huge and food is quite delicious. Luckily the bar had a quicker turnaround...perfect for just a couple of fellows. I got the same thing - Andy's sage fried chicken, served w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. (See My Pic) My friend ordered the Griddled French Toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup. As much as we tried to finish the meal, we had to surrender. My goodness, food coma...here we come. Thank God we just planned to hang by the pool and lush out...lol. Overall, Hash House is a good bang for your buck. Our counter server was quick and came by 3x to make sure we got everything we needed.  The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is clearly enough for 2 but like what I said earlier...you're in Vegas!  Splurge a little :)  They have different locations so check their website but this one in particular is not as nicely decorated as the one in M Resort. This location is extremely busy and felt tight but its open 24 hours. The M Hotel location has more tables and outdoor seating with nice views.
The restaurant is hidden inside The Quad. The food is awesome. There is more than enough food to share on one entree. The portions are generous but the food will stop a heart. A must try if you in Vegas. Cheap food and it will get you full.
I went here specifically for the ridiculously huge serving of rosemary fried chicken and bacon waffles.  My recommendation is to plan on eating half or sharing with your party.  However, all the other dishes are massive as well so unless you come with a party that shares the same purpose, do not plan on sharing.  Once I finished laughing at the size of the the dish and decided to actually try and eat some I realized I needed a plan of attack.  So I moved the chicken to one side of my dish and the waffles to the other.  Then I proceeded to cut a piece of chicken, a piece of waffles and then put them together to consume.  I was certainly a fan and like the salty sweet combination of the fried chicken bacon and waffle with syrup.  Despite my effort I could not finish the dish and took the rest to eat on the way to Zion Canyon National Park (by the way, it should be consumed immediately as the chicken is not as crunchy and and the waffles too mushy after sitting in a to go box).  . . I will try to come back when in Vegas, but it is about a 15 minute drive from the strip and certainly not walking distance.  So I will most likely visit on my way out of Vegas rather than during my stay when I enjoy to walk everywhere I go.
Came here with my sister's Bachelorette Party, hungover and hungry before we headed back home.  We waited for about almost an hour.  It was super crowded and i had heard TONS of rave reviews about this place so i just had to taste for myself.. . Once we were seated, the waitress explained that everything is made fresh to order so it might take some time for our food to come out.  Actually, it didn't take long at all, even tho the place was packed with people.  . . I ordered the apple baked pancakes that had huge slices of green apple baked into the pancakes... DELISH!!  Another person in our party ordered the Fried chicken and waffle and it looked like an artful masterpiece!  SO TASTY!!  My sis ordered the breakfast quesadilla that she loved.  Portions are HUGE here so guaranteed you will not finish what you order.  But that's a good thing, cuz you get to have it again later (which you will definitely want again). . This place is SO worth the wait!!  Definitely stop here the next time you are in SIn City.
Totally forgot to write a review so thought it'd be good to do it now =). . Went here a couple weeks ago from a recommendation and boy was it worth it!. . Well just be prepared to curtail from eating for like a month cuz that's how much food they'll be serving you per dish hah.. . Seriously the troughs they give you are ginormous....we had to split our meals so many ways cuz we could not finish it all....good food though.....from the chicken and waffles, to the meatloaf......all quite tasty!!. . Really hidden gem here...oh try their watermelon juice drinks......pretty durn tasticle!
They charge you for splitting a plate. :(. . Probably understandable because everyone would share if they were allowed, the portions are huge- Huge. I've eaten there three times now and each time  it doesn't even look like I put a dent in the food (and who really keeps leftovers in Vegas?). I think they should allow for smaller portions. It would save them money.. . The wait can e long. The portions are huge. HUGE.. Chicken and Bacon Waffels were delicious.. . It was also featured on Man vs Food FYI.
Does this ever happen to you?. You're in Vegas, hungover to the point where you secretly wish there was immediate access to a loaded handgun. Then you rationalize.. Death won't even cure this hangover, so you go for the next best thing...an eating binge.. Yes, only food and aspirins can help you now. But where to go? So many choices in Vegas. Here's what I do.. Head to The Quad, wind your way down a seemingly endless maze of hallways, up a couple flights of stairs and voila...Hash House a Go Go.. . Ask the server for the most popular menu item. She'll be quick to tell you it's the Sage Fried Chicken. A mountainous glob of mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, and of course, fried chicken, all suffocating under a lava flow of spicy, melted cheese. . . Snakelike, I unhinge my lower jaw, loosen my 501's, and begin entertaining curious onlookers with an eating frenzy even Jaws would admire.. High fives from the staff as I waddled out, leaving a smoking trail of beer farts, crop dusting my once cheering adorers who are now face deep in their own piles of food.. . I went back to the room to chill, thinking; "I really could have used that handgun."
I took my mom here for brunch when she was visiting from out of town.  We had a good experience, the service was great and our waiter was very friendly! Our waiter warned us that the portion sizes were huge, so my Mom and I ordered a scramble and pancakes and I opted to make the biscuit that came with into a biscuit and gravy...  we were able to try a variety of items and still have food left over.  Overall definitely enjoyed the experience and the food was great and we had fun!
Very good and one of the few food bargains in overpriced LV. Especially if you share entrees as we heartily suggest. Try the Chicken & Waffles!
Good food and large portions!! Kind of a drag to find, but just ask around and someone will direct u to the restaurant. We went on a Saturday around 1pm and the wait was around 35-45 mins. Not too bad!!
This is the second Hash House I have eaten at.  I gave the original in San Diego 5 stars because of its service.  Came in at 9 AM on a Saturday with a line and there were open seats because not enough servers on there.  Although, I think it is also reasonable to expect that this location customer service will not be as good as there other locations.  Had the Chicken and Waffles with a biscuit and i loved it!  Food wise, always a 5!  Also come hungry and you will always leave full.
You get a lot of food, so just be aware of that. Pretty good breakfast, I would go again next time I'm in Vegas. Decent prices.
They told us our wait would be 30 minutes, but it was more like 10! yay!. . Our waiter was great. I ordered a scramble that had sausage, jalapenos, potatoes, and what I can only describe as chili-like. It was good. Needed more sausage, less potatoes. I also ordered a brown sugar banana flapjack. Big ol' 14" thing. Too ambitious on my part. We only ate maybe a 1/3 of it. It was good though. Bf ordered the Tractor Driver combo with french toast. It came with bananas that were cut length-wise and still had the peel on them. Interesting presentation. . . I noticed all the plates around us were served with fruit. Refreshing. Though their portions are huge! So that takes away that healthy factor. oh well!
Amazing, delicious and absolutely filling! Worth trying it out!!
Start with the Bloody Mary while you wait. Vanilla Latte (better than the Honey Vanilla latte I just had last night only because it is less sweet. Watermelon "something" yes I have a pic.  Corn bread (you can see the corn). ... Best strategy might be to share.  but here is what I tried that was good. They are HUGE.  Milford Fried Chicken Sandwich. Sage Fried Chicken & waffles.   Hard to find, Quad .. down the hall ... up the elevator , then really crowded. :)
I would give 4.5 stars if I could.  Really yummy, creative comfort food with giant portions and relatively low cost.  Will definitely go again on our next trip!
Nomnomnomnomlicious.... . Hash House is a solid restaurant at The Quad (formerly known as Imperial Palace) which opens late...or maybe even 24 hours (not sure on that). Every single dish here serves in large quantity. If you fancy a pancake with the size of your face + head, you will be happy here. . . We came here on the night before our wedding with my family. There were 10 of us and service was top notch. Food came out hot and tasty. A few of us have burgers and they looked mighty delicious. I had an Omelette with all the fixins and I was a happy camper.. . I love  Hash House, but I don't love the smokey filling of the place. It was on the top floor of The Quad and if you've ever been to Vegas you know how tight and smokey The Quad is. If you've never been to Vegas..well The Quad only has one smell which is Ciggys smell. . . We will be back whenever we are in Vegas for more late night giant food munching.
Came here for breakfast after drinking too much the day and night before. I needed something to refuel my body and give me energy. It was kind of hard to find this place because It's pretty hidden all the way in the back of the Quad Hotel.. . So for breakfast I got the Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs on a biscuit   with mash potatoes. Even though you look and read it in your mind or out loud and sounds soooo delicious, it was just pleasant. It didn't wow me or had me like OMG but it definitely filled me up. . . Presentation  was awesome! It was a tower of awesomeness that I thought I could devour. The chicken wasn't bad because it was crispy on the outside and white meat in the inside. I wish the bacon was more crispy though instead of soggy because of the cream. The biscuit was huge and dense that I wan't really feeling it especially with the mash potatoes right under it. Mad carbs! The chipotle cream was really good as it had a little spice to it but wasn't overpowering. It was too much carbs though. Oh wait I said that.  It did cure my hangover but I don't think I would get this again although I am down to try other things on the menu. . . Other people at my table had the French Toast, Salmon, and the Chorizo on an iron skillet which all looked so good. . . Prices aren't bad either for everything. It got crowded around 11-2pm so go early if you want breakfast.
First time and definitely a repeater. Tip:  try the crispy potatoes. The Kokomo was deliciously as was the corned beef hash which was made fresh (pulled corned beef), not canned.. . Service was great and friendly. Definitely a repeater.
Love this place!  I would definitely eat here next time I'm in Vegas.  The first time I came, I had the bacon-stuffed waffle.  Fantastic!  And huge!  I could only eat half of it.  The second time I came, I had the BLT Bloody Mary (spicy, tasty goodness with a good amount of alcohol), and the Hash that had meatloaf, peppers, cheese, and spinach.  It also came with scrambled eggs and a big-a** biscuit.  Again, huge portion of food and only ate half of it.  The potato hash dish did need a bit more pepper, but all and all it was tasty.  . . Highly recommend the BLT Blood Mary.  Good stuff, especially if it's the first drink of the day.
We rode the bus from Tropicana to the Quad to go there, and it was worth it!. . The prices are very reasonable for a breakfast in Vegas, especially considering the portions. If, as some reviewers mentioned, you don't like getting so much food or it's too much of a carb-bomb for you, then don't eat all of it! The last thing I'd complain about on the verge of a hangover on the expensive Vegas strip is that they gave me too much food. . . I got the sage chicken biscuits and gravy. It was enormous and really tasty. The best thing about it was the creamy sauce that I suppose was meant to be the gravy. The big biscuits are nice and fluffy inside. They were best with the homemade strawberry jam. . . The service was friendly but a little slow. Quite forgivable, since their s'mores mocha takes the server maybe 12 steps to make and seems to involve an acetylene torch.. . (FYI, it's a bit of a maze to get there from the street, especially with construction going on in the hotel. ). . This place has a quirky, fun character. I'm really glad I found it. It will definitely be part of my regular Vegas routine.
We went here for dinner after somerecommendations from some friends. It is buried a few floors down in the Quad, which can be a little bit of a pain to get to due to construction. We were told there was a wait to be seated, but when we looked in the restaurant, there were open tables everywhere. We were told that they were short staffed, but then he seated us quickly after that. For being short staffed, the service was totally acceptable. Drinks are moderately priced (for vegas at least). We all ordered different items: the swordfish, salmon, butternut squash/risotto, duck breasts, and the crispy pork (I think?). Pretty much everyone at the table was pleased with their food, and the portions are enormous. I thought it was one of the best deals on the strip, paying 18.95 for a good fresh meal over bland/overpriced room service or some bad buffet. . . All in all, if you want a fair priced HUGE meal, its a great place. I will be back on future vegas trips for sure. Their breakfast looked amazing, btw.
We had a party of 15-20 people and some of us were lagging.  We tried to reserve a table and half of us wanted to get seated and eat already, but the staff wouldn't allow it.  Their rule is so lame.  So they say by seating everyone at the same time, it will allow them to give the best service where everything is organized and food all comes out together so their service won't get messed up.  I just think that this is another way of saying they don't know how to multi-task.  Just sayin.  Oh, and my friends were pissed about this stupid rule!  Having to wait for people with a hungry stomach is the worst! . . Anyway, finally we got sat and ordered.... . Everything my friends and I ordered looked incredibly good and mostly huge in portions.  We did it family style where we tried each others' food.. . Fried chicken bacon waffles were bomb.. Corned beef hash was okay, but I wouldn't order that again.  The portion size was small.. Sage fried chicken benedict looked mouth watering and it tasted good too.. French fries were devoured in a heart beat.. Caesar salad was so plain and small; I wouldn't get that again.. The ribeye was huge and delicious.  . Kiwi water lemonade w/ alcohol was good.  Make sure the waiter brings you one with alcohol in it if you order it.  There's a virgin type too, and the waiter had initially brought me this one.  Major fail!  And the drink is either not that strong or the sweetness of the drink masks the taste.
Holy crap Batman!. . This place was amazing! Only waited 15-20 minutes for a table for 3. Bigger groups beware as it seems to be busy all day long.. . What we ordered:. 2x Sage Fried Chicken N Waffles. 1x Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. 2 Coffee drinks (Something with mint... cant remember!). . I am only reviewing the Chicken n Waffles portion.. Chicken was very flavorful, juicy, and piping hot! The waffles we soft and fluffy, also there was bacon in them too! I've had chicken n waffles elsewhere and this by far is the largest portion provided. The waiter mentioned they were large, but this was ridiculous! . The food was good overall, but the main downside is that none of us finished any of our dishes. I want to say about 20% remained unfortunately after eating way too much!. . I recommend to share with people. Each dish easily feeds 2-3, maybe more, but it is still worth to try them out.. . There are other Hash Houses in Vegas but this was the closest for us.
Really really really good food! Talk about comfort food. The portions are big so come with an appetite and you should be fine. Dude, I actually had to share my meat loaf sandwich it was massive and not to mention the burger my daughter had she could barely finish half. I will be coming back soon but with a even bigger appetite next time lol :)
Wow! Great Service! The portions are HUGE! I didn't go with any of the gimmick menu items. I just had "The Basic." Two eggs, hash browns and bacon. It was only *$8.99 and it was just the right size for one person.
I never understood all the hype about Hash House A Go Go.  I have some friends that completely adore it.  I had only been to the one in the Plaza and thought it was OK.  . . My 9 year old son and I had tickets to Recycled Percussion, which brought us into The Quad.  He thought this was the place he wanted to eat.  He got the kids cheese quesadilla and I got  a salad.  He also got a vanilla Italian soda and I got the half and half lemonade/tea.  . . The service was fast.  The waiter was attentive.  He also brought us biscuits, which my son enjoyed.  A waitress came by, said she had an extra order for fries and offered to my son.  He thought the food was good and the soda was an awesome new experience.  I thought the half and half was of high quality and the salad was better than I suspected.. . I was impressed with the fast waiter.  Overall, surprisingly positive experience.
Staying at Harrah's, I decided to try the Hash House at the Quad. Since the Quad is undergoing massive renovations, getting to it is quite the adventure but once I did find it, was worth it.  I had the corned beef hash, with plenty of shredded corned beef, you won't go hungry here!  I'll gladly return!
Hash House A Go Go is hands down my favorite place to go in Vegas. It has the remedy for hangovers and gambling busts. The food is great and the price is right. The portions are large but more importantly the food is fresh. Homemade bread for sandwiches, homemade biscuits for sopping up gravy or golden egg yolks from farm fresh eggs. This last time I tried the chorizo hash. Housemade chorizo piled on top of crispy fried potatoes with onions and peppers, all nestled under two eggs over easy (or any way you want them), and a biscuit snuggled into a skillet (instead of a plate). It was absolutely delicious! Don't go to Vegas without stopping here! Oh and now its 24 hours!!!!
Lots of great comfort food on the menu.  The inside has been recently redone and looks great.   I had the corned beef and hash.  The corn beef was pulled, and very tender.  Had lots of cheese, but was very good.  The chicken and waffles is outrageous, go for it, that's what I'm trying next time.
Good food, great service.  You better come hungry- the portions are gigantic.  We had the French toast, the corn beef hash, and the Man Vs Food favorite Chicken Benedict.  Everything was good and I would recommend.
One plate easily feeds 2 people and a small child. The chicken and waffles here is the star of the show. Service was efficient.
I've been to the Hash House on West Sahara Avenue in Las Vegas, so I'm familiar with the food and the concept of fresh food. The restaurant is located on the second floor of the Quad hotel (formerly Imperial Palace). I look forward to the renovations in the hotel since it is really old with the dirty carpets. In addition, Hash House needs some more lighting. The huge portions never ceases to amaze me. I was already full just eating the biscuit, and I  I had the crab cake dish which came with two crab cakes, mashed potato with butternut squash, and a side of vegetables. Very hearty dish. Our waiter was great, so no complaints there. We had an early dinner around 5:30pm so we didn't have to wait in line. There was a sign posted saying that this place is open 24 hours a day.
Yay hash house! I heard great things about this place for years and this was the first time I was willing to wait for it. My group of 3 came around lunch time and was notified that the wait for our table would be around 25 minutes. Due to not having all of our people there atthe same time, we had to postpone our wait time but the hostess was very patient. We were able to just go up to her when all of us were there and we would get a table as soon as possible.. . Once seated, we looked over the menu and decided we would share our food. We ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Corned Beef hash. We shared 2 dishes with 3 people, it could have easily served 4. Sage fried chicken was pretty good. We asked for the syrup on the side because I had a previous experience with another Hash House where it was overwhelmingly sweet. Without it, the waffles were good. They were soft and had bacon cooked in them. The chicken itself was tender and the skin was crunchy. As for taste, it was excellent. The corned beef hash was not as flavorful as I hoped it would be. The corned beef did not really have a prominent taste and I kind of wish the strips were a little bit smaller in size. The potatoes were the only saving grace for the dish - i love me some potatoes.. . Service was excellent. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly. I dock 1 star because of the long wait time for our food. It took about 40 minutes for our fried chicken to come out and even longer for the hash to come. I guess we were lucky though. The table next to us waited over an hour for 2 burgers.. . Come here for an experience like no other! Will try the sage fried chicken benedict the next time around.
Absolutely Loved this place!! When I came there was a 5 minute wait not bad for a place well known. I ordered the Chicken Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend had ordered the meatloaf and hash. The restaurant wasn't at all busy which was great for us because then we'd get better service and have our food out faster. Unfortunately the server we were given with was really nice when he did come around but for the most part disappeared. I watched the other servers and seen that they kept checking on their tables making sure that their drinks were refilled and if everything was going well. Our Server only came around to take our order, drop off our food, and drop off the bill. The rest of the time I never even saw him around the area. When our food came we tripped out on the portions because they were HUGE!! The flavor was yummy nothing like I have ever tasted!! and the price was really affordable..
Loved this place, from the line thought we were going to have to wait awhile...they told us like 30 mins. it was less than that, got seated and told about the menu and drinks...Me and my Wife decided to share the Sage Chicken and Bacon Waffles...yeah that right I typed Bacon Waffles...lol and let me tell you it was delicious...2 nice pieces of chicken and 4 Bacon Waffles....Bacon cooked on the inside of the Waffle..crazy right. It was sssoooooo good if you ever in Vegas you need to check this place out, strongly recommend...enjoy.
My biggest quandary with this place is whether I'm going to be going back there by myself in October when I'm in Vegas again, or if I have to drag my cousins along....  . . Oh Hash House, you go-go with the yummy food!  My girl friend loves this place so much the nut bought everyone t-shirts to wear in Northern Virginia.  She said she couldn't stand to be the only person wearing their T-shirt.  And yes, we were so jealous when she went back to Vegas without us for a conference and took pictures to send our way.  (There were some names that were used in text exchanges, but thats neither here nor there.) . . We were just there in June.   And nostalgically I recall that someone ordered their pancakes...stupid enormous, I had french toast and a side of biscuits and gravy.  Did I say side?  More like a HUGE portion for one.  Hubby had corned beef hash and says it was too good to not continue eating.  (I know he over did it because he could barely eat ONE In and Out Burger 4 hours later!)  . . We went really early in the morning for breakfast and they were empty.  Still, we liked going through the maze that is the Quad to go up the escalator to the yumminess that . awaited us.   Given that there are so many awesome places to eat, we didn't eat there again, but its on our list of places to hit up without a DOUBT!  Service was prompt, the place was clean and well maintained, and food was DELISH!!!  Can't wait to go back again.  Now.....I heard they have a location in Chicago too....hrmm......
This place has been hyped by my friends who are Vegas regulars and now I know why - this place is GREAT.  Had the opportunity to go 3 different times and each time the food was great, the service by the wait-staff was just as impressive.....with the exception on one of those days, one of the hostesses on duty was pretty pretentious and kind of a total "b", she let me know the wait time would be 10 minutes because of the lunchtime rush...which was no problem, but after 30 minutes, we were not seated.    I would have been "OK" if she would have apologized if she had forgotten to seat us but instead, she said, "Oh well, deal with it."  That comment irritated me - which was clearly visible...to which the second hostess apologized and quickly found a seat for my group and I.  . . I ordered my meal of their signature dish - chicken and bacon waffles and their rosemary infused ice tea....to quote Robin, "Holy super sized meal, Batman!"....the portion was more than generous - I was able to share my meal with a friend and had enough food to take back to my hotel and share with another friend who had stayed behind to "nurse a headache".  After I paying  the bill, gave my  server a nice tip because he made sure all of his assigned tables were being taken care of.  As I walked past the hostess station, I gave the hostess who seated me and rectified the situation a tip as well.  As I gave her the tip, I noticed the hostess who ticked me off look over and I shot her a look and used her words, "Oh well, deal with it!" and walked out.  . . I went back the following day for breakfast and what a different experience - great service....and the eggs benedicts and BLT Bloddy Mary were delicious.  . . By the way, the Hash House, is open 24/7...so, don't pay attention to what the Hash House website says.    ....and don't mind the remodeling being done at the Quad Hotel.
Very unique food and presentation.
Me and the hubby ordered the meatloaf sandwich.... We should have ordered just one and split it it was sooooooo huge.... but so delicious and we had leftovers.
This place was recommended to me and I am so glad it was.  6 of us dined here and everyone was pleased with their meal.  My very discerning Aunt LOVED the grilled cheese sandwich.  It takes a lot to please her.  We are definitely coming back when we are in Vegas!  There are many other things I want to try.
I have heard a lot about this place but never got to try it till now. We had to wait about 30 min because they where busy, but it was well worth the wait! The pancakes are huge and delicious :-) I had  chicken and waffles and they where amazing!! No one at our table finished their plate because the servings where huge! If you have never been it is well worth it just arrive hungry, and you will leave full.
I went here at about 4am after drinking wayyyy too much and walking the strip wayyy too long in heels. LOVED IT!!! The portions are huge! It was recommended to me by a guy that I met on the strip. Great suggestion. I honestly only gave in and went because Adam Richman went and I loved watching Man vs Food. Sidenote: I didnt go WITH the guy that I met on the strip. My niece and I loved the food. I got the chicken and waffles and she got a pumpkin pancake. I was upset the waffles had bacon in them as I dont eat pork but the chicken was TASTY!!! It looked like a work of art. The pancake she had was bigger than her head! The waitress was nice. She looked like she needed to retire but she was efficient and pleasant. It was very cold in the restaurant. The place was full for 4am though. We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. The hostess didnt seem like she really wanted to be there either. Oh well, I went for the food. Great food! You should go!!!
Wanted to go to Bacchanal, but couldn't wait 2 hours in line so hubby suggested we go here.. . I am glad we ate here.  Like many of the review stated, the portions are HUGE!!!!  . The food is pretty good consider it is located in the Quad hotel. . . Everything we had were great!  We will go back and try the chicken & waffle next time when we are in town!
Without a second thought, I would have given them a 5-star, if not for the long wait time after ordering the food.. . Unfortunately, like most breakfast places, you cannot make a reservation. So, you'll have to come in, write your name down and then wait! We stayed at the Quad and wanted to come here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. When called them from our room, they said the wait time was 30min. So we came down to write our names to get on the wait list. And when we did, the lady said that the wait time was going to be 45min. We waited.. . Finally, our names were called and we took our hungry selves inside the restaurant. Here is what we ordered:.  - Coffee.  - Scrambles (Smoked chicken, sundried tomato pesto, spinach and goat cheese).  - Waffle.  - Pancakes. . We got the food 50 minutes after placing the order. So frustrating. But the meal turned out to be fantastic. The portion is big enough for 2 people to split. 6 of us split 3 dishes and we left the restaurant with a full stomach and a satisfied breakfast.
Great food with super huge servings.  My husband and I shared the chicken and waffles and it was perfect serving for the two of us.  There is always a wait but i will tell you that is was well worth it.  Located on second floor of quad resort.  Hostess and servers all friendly and food comes with fast service.
Wanted to give it 4 1/2 stars. Took away a half star for the long, long wait.wait forever to get a table and then everything is cooked to order so...another long wait and we were starving. A bit hard to find, but loved the food. Atmosphere leaves a bit  to be desired and the wait staff tries really, really hard but even charm school probably wouldn't make a difference. Portions are outta control but plate lickin' good grub.
Gluttony in its best form.  HUGE portions (even for Oklahoma standards, lol).... I mean I ate for 30 minutes and it looked like I hadn't touched it. It's definitely good, but I'm pretty sure I'll be sharing next time!  I had the chicken and waffles and the husband had a skillet of some sort.  Both were great!  Bloody Mary's are enormous and can be taken to-go! Win!
The food is quite good but this review is based on myself going solo.  I was able to walk in and sit at the counter, order, and eat within 25 minutes.  Had it been more than myself I'd have waited 2 hours and probably have gone elsewhere.  The portions are enormous and you should be splitting with at least one other person.  Overall though, a must stop when in Vegas.
WOW! DELICIOUS!!! I am convinced there are giants cooking in the kitchen. The serving sizes are HUGE. The prices were great, considering how much food you are getting. Two people can easily share one meal. . . We were a party of four. We went during the week, Wednesday, September 4th. We got there just in time to beat the rush, and we still had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated. It was SO worth it.. I ordered the sage chicken with maple reduction, served with eggs and mashed potatoes. INCREDIBLE!. Mom ordered the "basic" breakfast and LOVED it. . Friend ordered biscuits and gravy with side of bacon....yum!. Fiance ordered eggs with mango, coconut flapjack. The flapjack was HUGE...I mean, seriously, the size of  a large skillet. . Over all, GREAT experience. The server was on top of things, though they did have to correct a couple of minor things with our order. (mom asked for a biscuit, but got toast; fiance got sausage but asked for ham).
World famous BLT Bloody Mary.
Good food, large portions, good drinks, and open 24 hours.  What more can a person ask for in vegas.  I had the cornbeef sandwich and salad, and a bloody mary.  All good.  Will definitely go again if I have the opprortunity.
My family loves going to all the different hash house a go gos in the city.  There's one inside The Plaza on freemont too.   We love the food presentations, the large amount given to us!!!   services are over all excellent.   Great place for family.
Been to this HH location a couple of times, most recently on 9/20/13. Service is usually just decent and there always seems to be a 20-30 minute wait - but the food and Bloody Marys make everything worth it! Portions are huge and you definitely get more than you pay for. . . I will say that food-wise, the hashes, pancakes, or French toast seem to be the way to go. I would avoid the breakfast meatloaf dish - while the mix as a whole was good (with potatoes, peppers, and cheese), the meatloaf itself didn't seem to fit into the meal as a whole and threw off the taste enough to make me wish I'd ordered something else.
First time and definitely a repeater. Tip:  try the crispy potatoes. The Kokomo was deliciously as was the corned beef hash which was made fresh (pulled corned beef), not canned.. . Service was great and friendly. Definitely a repeater.
Yummm! . . This restaurant is nothing short of awesome. I had the meatball pasta and it was MASSIVE. I hardly put a dent in my food and it would have been perfect to share with someone else. The meatballs were cheesy, soft, and delicious. The spaghetti noodles were huge too. Our server was super nice and there was a short 15 minute wait at 9 p.m. on a Sunday night. Comfort food at its finest and another reason why I love The Quad.
Even though I read all the yelp reviews over and over, I guess I forgot about the part where the portions are HUGE! I felt like I barely put a dent in my food. My fiance and I probably should have just shared a dish. The food presentation is awesome. The bloody mary had a nice spicy kick. I couldn't finish it all but the server gave me a to-go cup. We went on a Saturday morning at around 8am and there wasn't a line at all, but by the time we finished eating, there was a pretty long wait.
Ok so, the wait is horrible!!! Hence the four stars not five, also the server was kinda a @##hole I think he was trying to be funny but he failed horribly. Now on to the BEST part of this place the saving grace the food. I had the chicken and waffles of course, Chicken is the best fried chicken I've had! Moist breast full flavor breading sage just plain ole good. The Waffles, that I have had better, they were too dense and lacked something the bacon in them was great just wish the had more flavor. I think if they used the batter from Roscoe's with their chicken OMG that would be heaven. Price and Portion are also a plus you can get an entree and share. But when in Vegas why not be glutinous.
This place was really good! Located in the Quad, the portion sizes were huge and the food was really good.  Our server was also attentive and helpful.  The chicken of the chicken and waffles was delicious.  I can't go the full 5 only because I found the waffles to be a little bland.  I was a little envious of the giant pancake at the table next to us. Overall, a ton of food for the price, especially by Vegas standards, and a fun menu for a place that focuses mostly on breakfast.
I'm only giving this a four because it took so long with my food. I ordered a simple breakfast eggs & chicken sausage & it was the best chicken sausage ever!! My friend had chicken hash - how chicken could be hash I didn't know but it was great!! Will def go back next trip in Vegas!
Food here was surprisingly better then the Hash House on Sahara. I figured it would be the other way around but the food was actually alot better here.  Service on the other hand was not as good as the one on Sahara so i guess thats the trade off... lol
Very big portions and delicious.  You have to try the bloody marry's!
Great presentation. The chicken & waffles were super moist and tasty. The only bar between getting 5 stars was the price. It's a bit much for a "breakfast" food.
Awesome, awesome food. And very creative. You can tell it's all house-made. Pretty fairly priced for the portions you receive. I had the fried chicken benedict which was delicious. Unfortunately, we received so-so service and a couple of our orders were made incorrectly due to the server's error. Had the service been better it would've been 5 stars. Maybe next time.
Excellent food, I had the blueberry pecan pancakes and enjoyed them but there's too much food to eat it all. The Bloody Mary is also excellent and has some spice. Service was VERY friendly and I'll be back here. I'm taking one star away because we had to wait 30 mins for breakfast on a weekday morning while over half of the restaurant was empty.
All I have to say is this place has MAN v.s. Food Portions (Food Network Show). Their menu serves something for every taste. I ordered the bacon filled belgian waffles (OMG) topped with two maple syrup infused fried chicken breast (OMG) with soy bbq sauce drizzle and fried leeks. Need I say MORE? Very interesting flavors mixed together. This place is awesome in more ways then one. Definatley a must see and must eat at place in Vegas. Don't come to Vegas without trying this place.
This was my first chicken and waffles experience and I'm so glad I waited this long to try it! My man and I split a plate because the portions are huge and we wouldn't be able to take any leftovers. They don't have heat lamps in their kitchen so they bring the food out the moment it's finished, hot and fresh. My only complaints was that it was a hard place to find at first and the waiter wasn't attentive but all was forgiven the moment I tasted the chicken! So yummy!
Hash House is simply amazing!. . I now make it a point to visit this establishment every year during my trek to Las Vegas . . The staff, atmosphere along with the amazing menu make this restaurant a have to dine experience
I have always been a  fan of Hash House A Go Go since I visited this chain restaurant in San Diego.  The food is consistently good, the portions are huge and playfully displayed. They offer great breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner items. Some of my  favourite menu items  include the roasted pork tenderloin house hash, fried chicken and waffles, chicken pot pie and meatloaf sandwich. The only nits are slow service and the tables and booths are not as clean as they should be.
Food as always was great.  . . Went there for Lunch after the convention, it was dead slow in there. . . Waitress took our order, but was kinda slow on getting back to us.  I had my burger brought out and asked for Mayo and sauce, she took 15 minutes, by the time she was back the burger was cold.   This is the first time anything like this has happened there, so I won't know the Stars, I just knock her memory. . . LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, it's good for meal atleast once on your trip. . . D
I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.! . . First things first...my husband was positively GREEN (not in a good way) from our insanely wild vacation. But this place is perfect for a Vegas-sized hangover (or so said Scott, our server). The table next to ours and the one behind us were busy oooohing and aaaaahing as the food fashion show commenced. After he briefly blanched at the size of the entrees, hubby finally decided to go with the sage fried chicken w/ maple reduction, eggs, biscuit and bacon mashed potatoes. It was the perfect cure.. . Since I'd already been there a few times, I wanted to try something new, and decided to og with the meatloaf w/ 2 eggs, mashed potatoes, and biscuit. When I asked Scott for a little jam for my biscuit, he brought back the most delightful, delicious peach compote concoction I've ever had. It tasted very much like the inside of a peach cobbler. Mmmmmmm!!!! . . For the amount of food, the reasonable prices and the excellent quality of preparation, we will, of course, return...and bring additional back-up to battle the beast that is Vegas.
The menu is really limited. If you don't eat meat you get to choose between breakfast foods or a salad, which sucks. But the food is awesome!! I got a house salad and it was very fresh and the vinaigrette dressing is really good. The service was great and the restaurant is very comfortable and well lit.
This breakfast is gonna last you alllllll day in Vegas because it's supersized! I mean, holy crap is it a large portion. I realize they have a "man vs food" item, but honestly, it could all be "stomach vs food" entrees. . . But the real test is, is it good? And I can happily say it is! Honestly, the only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because my main entree wasn't my favorite. But let me explain. Not realizing how large the portions were, I ordered the salmon and cream cheese hash, with me and my mom splitting the brown sugar and banana pancakes. To be honest, I really wanted the pancake, but I always feel guilty not getting a little protein in my meal. So I went with the "healthy" (I know, it's laughable) salmon dish. . . The salmon was a bit dry and I didn't really like the whole mix of salmon, cream cheese and hash. My mom ordered the mushroom hash, which I, of course, tried. It was much better! But the pancake was AWESOME! I should have just sucked up my pride and just ordered that. It's honestly one massive pancake, that would have equaled three medium sized ones. It was one of the best I've ever had! . . I liked the fact that while you waited they have a sole bar dedicated tobloody mary's! And they are gooooood! I swear, I'd come up there just to get a bloody mary and head back down and go about my day. It was one of the best I've ever had, packed with olives, pickles and a bean! Plus, it was the right amount of spice. . . Speaking of waiting. You will wait. And wait. And Wait. We waited an hour to sit and then another hour for food. We came around 10am on a Sunday, which I'm sure is prime brunch time. I'd highly suggest going in later, but you'll probably always have a wait here. It was worth it though!
Our trip to Vegas, I knew i had to try Hash House A Go Go, of course going inside The Quad you would expect a line for Hash House A Go Go, they told us the wait was about 20 minutes but it was a lot faster than expected.  Sitting down our server gave us amazing customer service.  The food was amazing, I had the sage chicken with the bacon mash potatoes.  No need for extra sauce, the food was perfect on its own. Will be coming back on our next visit in March.  Hoping for the same great food and service. If you are in Vegas, this is a place you must stop by at. The portions are enormous. GO FOR THE FOOD AND SERVICE IT IS WORTH IT!
Be prepared to WAIT! The service was as good as could be expected (considering how busy it was) and the food was pretty good. The fourth star is mostly because I was so excited when my food finally showed up (after 60 minutes waiting for a table and 45 minutes waiting for my food) that it tastes amazing! . Actually, I do think the good was objectively tasty. They have tons of pancake options and the pancake is massive (and moist and flavorful). The fresh squeezed juice was yummy and held me over until the food arrived. . The major downside is really just that it takes SO looooooong to get served. Do not go hungry! Perhaps it would be best to put your name on the waiting list here immediately after finishing a meal elsewhere- you'll be hungry by the time you get fed. :)
Service wasn't the best, but considering how busy it was, I didn't really mind. The food was awesome...HUGE portions! I got the smoked salmon scramble? Not sure what the actual name of it on the menu was. But the Bloody Marys WON me over. I absolutely loved them - plus they've got a Bloody Mary bar (also serves screwdrivers) to keep you entertained while waiting to be seated. Also tried their banana pancakes.. Amazing!!!!!
I love there food at Hash House. I've been to the location on Sahara and loved the atmosphere there over this location. As a Las Vegas Local I'll stick to the one off the strip. Over all the food was the same, LARGE portions and reasonable pricing. A great way to start your day and easily shared with your husband.
Visited this location on The Strip which is located in The Quad (formally the Imperial Palace) for the very first time.  The big drawback to this location is there is presently a ton of construction going on in front of the hotel and it makes it very difficult to enter the hotel and even find the self parking.  If you plan on visiting this location, allow yourself the extra time to get to where you need to go.  Now, onto the review:. . We arrived at the restaurant at approx. 10 am on Tuesday, November 12, 2013 .  Big thing for them is they won't seat you until your entire party has arrived.  This makes complete sense since the space is limited and they don't want one single diner to hold up a potential table for others while they wait for the rest of their party.  I appreciate this rule and the hostess are very polite when they share this rule.. . We (me and my 3 friends) were taken to a corner booth and given our menus.  Within a minute or two someone approached us and asked us for our beverage order.  I believe she must have been the server assistant (bus person).  A few min later we received our beverages.  The waiter (sorry, forgot his name) approached our table to see if we had questions and find out if anyone of us were new to Hash House.  We mentioned to him that 2 of us were new to Hash House, and he promptly explained the menu and portion sizes of the food.  We took a few min to order because of our conversation at the table with one another, but ordered within 10 min of being sat.  . . I ended up ordering the Lumberjack breakfast which came with 2 eggs and your choice of meat or potatoes and 1 large pancake.  You have the option of upgrading or substituting for a speciality pancake for an additional charge.  Because of the holidays, I choose the pumpkin pancake. On a side note, my friends ordered a "LARGE" cheeseburger with fries, a second Lumberjack breakfast, and an omelette.  However, just before our food was delivered, the waiter told me that the chef made the mistake of making a pecan pumpkin pancake on my order instead.  He offered to make me a new one or asked if I was ok with that.  I like them both, so I said the pecan pancake was just fine.  The breakfast was delicious, however, adding the pecans to the pancake fills you up fast.  There were a lot of pecans in it.  Granted, this is not a complaint...it's just a lot of food, so come hungry!!  In addition, the coffee was hot and fresh as it should be, and I especially love the pour spout sugar on the table (instead of sugar packets) because, personally, I like a little coffee with my sugar...if you know what I mean!  . . Overall, service was great, server was very prompt with our requested items, coffee and water was always kept full, and plates were cleared in a timely manner.  I will definitely be back to this location or another location based on the food quality alone and their delicious coffee!  Also,If you ever have a craving for the perfect drunk food at 3 am after you leave the club, then this is the place to go!. . Only negatives I noticed about the restaurant was the noise level in the room is high and it makes it a little difficult to have a conversation with people at your own table.  The other was the lack of cell signal in the hotel.  I like to post pictures on Instagram and Facebook, but had to do it after I left the hotel.  At one point I even had to leave the table and walk out to Valet just to take an important phone call.  But, that is not the fault of the restaurant...just a really old building!  What can ya do?!
I love 24 hours of food! Yes, you got that right, 24 hours.  I luckily had the pleasure of being in close proximity to the location at the Quad without even knowing.  So glad I was. I experienced the early morning crowd (I'm not sure how people get up for breakfast in Vegas, I just happened to be waiting for my hotel room to be ready) and  the late night I should eat a lot of food before I make it back to my hotel room at 4am.  . . It's a ton of food, it's all good.  Also, the alcoholic drinks are amazing at any time of day. It's fairly large,but wait times can be really long.  I noticed in the morning it's good to get there before 9:30am, the rush comes about then.  Late night, no worries, you'll be fine.. . I could tell you what I ate, but it really doesn't matter, it was good.  That's all you need to know.  Go there pick something interesting and eat it.  Your mouth will thank you.
Huge portions.  Delightfully presented. Value Priced. Unique Food Choices. I was shockedat thesize of my pancake.  See the photo. Food was great,  only problem was we had to wait 15 mins to be seated and abt 20 mins for our food. Normally that wouldn't have been an issue but we were time limited.  Great place to eat.  Beautiful Resort Casino.
On one of our trips to Las Vegas, we drove directly to Hash House A Go Go on The Strip after picking up our rental car. Since it was Saturday, there was a 30 minute wait, which gave us plenty of time to review the menu and check out the photos on the wall. . . We heard the portions were enormous, bigger than your head, and we saw with our very own eyes as we were led to our table. After we were seated, we were ready to order once our server came over to introduce himself. We shared an order of Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict with extra chipotle cream on the side. When our mountain of food arrived (plated artfully with a sprig of rosemary...yes, there was a plate under there somewhere!), we dug into a delicious combination of fried chicken, bacon, tomato, spinach, mozzarella, scrambled eggs, buttery mashed potatoes and a moist fluffy biscuit, all smothered under a blanket of spicy chipotle cream. Sounds like a lot of food, right? Well, it most certainly was, because though we split the benedict, there was plenty of food left over! It was super busy, but the server came by to refill our water and check up on us. Nice guy! . . FYI, menu prices for The Strip location are slightly higher.
Ginormous portions us an understatement. I ate an appetize, that was filling. My husband had breakfast for dinner. Easily all the dinner meals that we saw coming from the kitchen could be fir two or three people. . . It was a little loud fir my taste shock us the reason for the four stars, and our waiter forgot my drink refill. Other than that pretty good food.
The wait was 10 minutes on a Sunday! Not bad. The food was good, service was great! I ordered a side of gravy for my biscuits...I wish I didn't...it wasn't that great actually. Their jam is amazing!! Order the jam instead of gravy!!
Took my boyfriend here for his Birthday after I read all the great reviews. No one lied! This place is delicious! We were piggies and went twice in one day! If you are a bacon lover you MUST get the BBBLT (bacon bacon bacon lettuce tomato)! Delicious!  If you are in vegas this place is a must!!!
Wow is all I can say about the food portion .. There was a long wait but worth the wait...got the fried chicken Benedict and it was great .. Chicken needed a little more seasoning but other then that a good dish.. Highly recommend ..
Large portions! Either come with the appetite of an elephant or share a dish! We ordered the famous Triple Ds Benedict . I swapped out the scrambled eggs with sunny-side up eggs because a benedict to me needs the yolky goodness. Fried chicken, bacon, tomato, spinach all sit on top of biscuits and mashed potatoes and smothered in a chipotle hollandaise. The sauce was the star of the dish that binded everything together. I enjoyed the mashed potatoes more than the dense biscuits.. . I would definitely come back again to try their array of dishes. 5 stars to the staff for putting up with the rambunctious crowd. For a party of 8, our wait was around 45 minutes at 11:30 am so try to go early if possible!
Even though the quad (formerly imperial palace) is unimpressive and their rooms are quite gross, they do have this one diamond in the rough. It is actually inside the casino and up an escalator so don't bother looking for it from the strip. You'll just get lost. . . I came here with about 20 people (yea. 20.) and knew about the long waits but we were all willing to eat here. The hostess quoted us a 45 minute wait but surprisingly we were seated in ~25 mins despite the large amount of people in the lobby. I felt bad for the waitress though as she had to yell across the three connected tables to all twenty of us to explain the menu. She sounded like she was losing her voice but she had a very cheerful attitude nonetheless. . . Portions are ginormous so just share; I recommend it. I split the sage fried chicken Benedict with my gf and it was way more than enough. We also split the snickers pancake with another couple with us. The Benedict was very tasty and stacked high, about 7 inches in height, 12 inches if you include the rosemary sprigs sticking out of it. It could've been that we were starving and getting over our hangovers but it was an amazing combination eggs potatoes fried chicken gravy spinach and bacon. I'm glad we shared the pancake because it was huge as well, probably at 12-13 inches in diameter with chunks of snickers everywhere. Also very sweet so I only ate about 3-4 bites of it and had to stop.. . Very affordable assuming you split the dish with another person. Fyi the bathroom is downstairs in the casino area.  Definitely worth stopping to try it out unless you've been to the original one in sd.
We decided on this place due to its great past reviews.. . A quick 20 minute wait later and we were seated at a comfortable booth with a view of the football game. . . Drinks came quickly and I got a very messy but delicious hot chocolate, minus the marshmallows.. . I ordered the mushroom,spinach,artichoke and sun dried tomato hash, which is their speciality. They were really good at modifying the dish when I asked. It came with two eggs a biscuit it and a piece of watermelon. It looked great in a large skillet and was delicious. It was a large portion, if I wasn't sharing there is no way I would have been able to get through it. . I felt the hash could have had more spinach but other than that it all hit the spot.. So if you like breakfast with big portions for great value this is the place to come!
Excellent. Tons of food!!! Highly recommend. Don't count calories when you go. Just enjoy!!!
Hash House is wonderful. My boyfriend and I found Vegas on average to quite pricey as far as food was concerned. However, Hash House does not follow this trend. Their food is affordable and the portions generous. The best part is the service. Our waiter, Brad, was incredible. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
The menu is good, everything looks delicious - the one thing you don't realize is the size of the food that is about to descend onto your table! The hamburgers we ordered were mammoth two 1/2 lbs. patties with cheese and goodness melted between the meat. The fries were delicious and if you can get a half a burger into you, you're a king. Leftovers are guaranteed and I have to agree with their slogan,"if you leave hungry it's your own fault". . Prices were more than reasonable for the Vegas Strip and service was great at two different locations. Great place to visit, just make sure you're ready to carry a doggy bag the rest of the night.
After years of wanting to try this place out, I finally did this past Sunday before heading home from Vegas. For the 2 of us to be seated, we waited 30 minutes but it seems like the wait time is typically longer. Our waiter was really friendly, and explained a bit about the menu to us since it was our first time. He checked in frequently as we decided what we wanted to eat and drink. We were never waiting for him to show up at the table. My sister and I split the chicken and rosemary hash with scrambled eggs and were both filled up. The potatoes were the best part of the dish, so flavorful and perfectly cooked. Besides beer they also have some fun mixed drinks available such as spiked kiwi watermelon lemonade. Other offerings include scrambles, giant salads, and stuffed burgers. Come here for some heavy food if you need to cure that Vegas hangover!
I found this restaurant here on Yelp while looking for a decent brunch spot to visit solo.  This place apparently has made a name for itself on the Vegas Strip because there was a ridiculous wait. When I approached the hostess stand, there seemed to be a lot of confusion as to whether lil' ole me had to sign in and wait 2 hrs or if I could just go over to the bar that clearly had three seats available. After waiting 10 mins, I decided to be a dare devil and just take a seat at the bar against the hostess' direction (no way in heck I was waiting 2hrs by myself). When I sat at the bar, I was immediately greeted by a bartender who directed me to the awesome tropical mimosa on the drink menu. The mimosa was pretty darn tasty and I eventually ordered a second. The menu was extensive so it was kinda difficult to make a decision on one of the many fantastical dishes to try. I finally opted for the hardwood bacon & avocado scramble. As you can see from the photos, the portions here are HUGE so I wasn't able to finish the meal. My food was absolutely scrumptious and all of the other plates I saw come out looked great as well. Overall, it was a great experience but the wait kept it from being a solid five-stars.
Located in the Quad, second floor. It can be a little confusing to get to because of the layout between the hotel and the parking garage but just follow signs and ask the employees. :] . . It is much like the Hash House in San Diego with the exception of the casino/smoke smell. Menu and dishes are exactly the same and if you have never been to Hash House, just a little warning - the dishes are huge! My BF and I decided to share instead of ordering one each since these dishes are a pretty decent size. We ordered the roasted chicken scramble with eggs, mushroom, and bell peppers. Got the crispy potatoes and fruit to go with. It was the perfect amount of food for two. :]. . FRIENDLY TIP: If you're going for brunch, get there early (before 10am) because the lines get extremely long. Also, the kitchen cook time took about 40 minutes which the waitress notified us before sitting down.
