One of my favorite little easy valley spots! Old fashioned diner food made with fresh local meat and produce. The milkshakes are amazing, very thick and creamy! The burgers and sandwhiches are also really good, very good and the portions are generous. You can eat inside or enjoy sitting outside in a picnic table under the trees. Great option for dog lovers who need a bit to eat after letting the dog play in Cosmo Dog Park just down the street!
Finally went here with some friends for dinner tonight after wanting to check it out for a long time.  The BBQ chicken pizza lived up to the hype.  The same for the chocolate shake.  I also really enjoyed the sweet potato fries though I still think the Breakfast Club's are the best in the known universe.  I also snagged one of my friend's onion rings and it was pretty darn good, too.  I'll be sure to get those next time.. . The quantity and quality of the food is definitely worth the price.  But the decor inside was disappointing.  I would recommend coming here on a nice afternoon so that you can sit outside.  Absolutely do not come here on a winter evening like we did since we were all freezing and our food got cold fast.
Yummy! Check out the 4B burger, onion rings, and a milk shake if your waistline is up to it! The BBQ chicken pizza or Carolina Dog is nice change of pace if you've sampled the rest of their menu. Note the homemade pickles! They have panko-breaded chicken tenders, too at a really good price.  If you're tempted by the ribs, I'd recommend getting them at Joe's Real BBQ instead. Good stuff.
Awesome food! We enjoyed the family farm ad much ad the food.
Only been once, we had an excellent burger and chicken sandwich. Very fun atmosphere and a beautiful setting if you want to sit outside. I will definitely go back again.
I was visiting family in Gilbert and we decided to hit up Joe's, which is all the rage in the East Valley.. . Simply put: Great food, though they should stop deifying themselves at the expense of Guy Fieri.  I get it.  Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives went there.  I don't need books and television loops reminding me.. . The place is like a neighborhood hangout in the summer, with families strewn across an endless sea of benches and outdoor tables.  It's definitely one of the things to appreciate about Gilbert.
Tough menu.  A lot of choices, so I was vacillating a lot.  I finally decided on the Ahi Tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries.  I also ordered the beet salad just to try it.  I liked everything.  Including the onion rings the hubbie ordered.  This would be the place I would go for onion rings.  Very tasty.. . We sat outside. Not sure if it would be enjoyable in summer, but mid-Feb, with it finally hitting the upper 70s, it was wonderful.  Several people were there w/ dogs because it is really a picnic area.. . We will go back.  I want to try the ahi salad...maybe stick w/ the ahi sandwich.  I think it will be the way to go when I'm craving a burger.. . W/o a doubt, if you go, you HAVE to check out the bathrooms.
I enjoy going to Joe's Farm Grill, not just because of the food (utterly amazing onion rings), but also because of the surrounding location.  There are huge, interesting looking trees, beautifully kept grounds, and interesting architecture.  . . It can be quite crowded, which takes away from the ambiance.  But if you go during off hours (in our case, Superbowl Sunday - hey... no Cards... no point in watching), the crowds are minimal and the grounds are very peaceful, which makes it nice to enjoy the food and the mild February weather.
I've heard about this place for years, and decided to finally give it a try when I learned about the free birthday meal.  We went for breakfast, and I ordered the veggie scramble.  Yum!  I've never had such delicious eggs... everything was so fresh!  The freshly squeezed orange juice was to die for.  We ordered the apple fritters, too, and our 5-year-old couldn't stop licking the sugar off his fingers.  . . The building is really interesting, and I like the variety of seating options (outside, inside, high-top, booth, etc...).  And I know this might be a weird thing to comment on, but the bathrooms are worth a mention.  They're very retro, with Barbie & G.I. Joe dolls encased in the walls.  There's a T.V. playing old 50's shows, too.  In the bathroom.  Yep.. . I definitely want to come back for lunch or dinner at some point.  This will be one of my "go-to" unique places to take out-of-town guests from now on.
Great burgers and dogs, grilled thin crust pizza, sandwiches and more. You can't beat some of the unique twists that Joe's puts on common fare. Especially when they are using their own farm fresh produce. Casual and comfortable atmosphere as well. . . Full review and more pictures: http://blog.phosyzzle.com/2011/03/02/joes-farm-grill/
Yum! This place has great burgers and the sweet potato fries are excellent. They have all kinds of organic options which is awesome and it has a nice little outside area that is great for families and good people watching. It's in a fairly secluded and quiet area also.. . You pay a little bit more for the organic foods that they raise there, but I think it's worth it. Definitely a destination in the easy valley that's worth driving to. One way to save money is to share the order of fries since they're pretty big.
Our friends recommended Joe's farmhouse grill after watching it on Triple D on TV.  Upon entering, you'll notice a tv setup with clips of the segment aired.  We thought by arriving at 2 PM for lunch we could bypass the lunch crowd, unfortunately we were wrong.  It's still packed at 2 PM, which must say something about the food.  We decided to order the Burger, Ahi Tuna sandwich, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and a banana mill shake.. . Burger - was good, but not spectacular.  However, you could that the ingredients were very fresh .  . . Ahi Tuna Sandwich -outstanding.  The wasabi flavor complemented the sandwich and this was delicious.. . Onion rings - worth ordering.. . Sweet potato fries - good but you can get this elsewhere. . Banana milk shake - tasty!. . Overall, this was a solid meal to which we will come back during our next Giants spring break trip!
Cute cute location and atmosphere.  Eating outside here for lunch on the tables is very serene, and it's a nice stroll outside to look at the different gardens the farm has.  The onion rings were very crispy and flavorful, and I had the tuna sandwich which was a very big portion and very tasty (albeit messy).  I wasn't impressed by the strawberry milkshake, which did not have enough strawberry flavor to distinguish it much from a vanilla shake.  The prices are a bit high, but the ingredients are high quality.
I really enjoy the atmosphere at Joe's Farm Grill. I love the beautiful surroundings of the pecan trees and the quiet sounds of nature when enjoying the meals outside. On the inside its very interesting as the restaurant was actually the house in which Joe's family lived, of course updated and transformed with a modern feel.. . There is a wide variety of tasty american meals to choose from. Everything that I have ordered has been excellent and I would encourage all the locals to visit. It is a non-traditional and interesting place to bring along some friends for lunch.  If you are in need of a pick me up, take a walk next door where there is also a place to enjoy coffee, tea and delicious muffins!
I came here with some friends when I first moved to AZ. We'd heard a lot about it so I was excited to try it. I had the Fontina Burger and shared a bunch of sides. The burger was pretty good but standard to me like Smashburger or five guys. What got me really excited were the sides!! the onion rings were crispy fried goodness. They were probably my favorite thing there. The sweet potato fries were good too. The right amount of crisp. I really liked the food but nothing stood out in my mind as something I crave and dieeee for. . . Overall a good pick for lunch.
I love the food and the atmosphere at Joe's.  I have been going there for a long time (my sister found it before the DD&D show) and I have always loved going there.  I would have given 5 stars, except the last two times I have been there the lines have been HORRIBLE.  . . I don't mind waiting in a line when I think the restaurant is doing everything it can to get me through it, but both times I have waited in a line for over 30 minutes they have had ONLY one register open. Once was on a Wednesday night, and once was in the middle of the day!  JOE, if you read this, make sure that if the line is out the door you get them to run both registers.  The food came out quickly, so I know the cooks weren't busy.  I would rather wait at the table a little longer for my food and have one of those cooks taking orders.  At least then I am sitting down.. . As for the food, it's great.  Love the BBQ Chicken Salad, the pizzas, all of their chicken sandwiches, burgers and the onion rings, the sweet potato fries (dipped in their homemade ranch, yum!) and even the beet salad are great.   But come prepared to wait in line!!
I've been to this place a few times and always enjoy my meal.  The kids love to run around outside and it gives them something to do while we are waiting for our food.  Although, if you aren't into sitting at a picnic table outside when it is 110 this isn't the place for you especially because it can get crowded and there isn't enough inside seating for everyone.  BUT, that has nothing to do with their food.  I love the garlic and sweet potato fries.  The blue burger is also delicious and the burger was juicy as they should be.  I recently had the Ahi Tune sandwich and LOVED it.  It was different than what I normally get and a GOOD different.  I'm talking the type of good where I'm going to be sitting around and think, "I need to go to Joe's and get me one of them Ahi Tuna sandwiches."  Also BBQ chicken pizza was an A+!
I have been here a few times and it is a favorite for out of town guests. . . The food is yummy. If the weather is nice, the location is yummy. . . Great place to take kids. . . The lines SUCK. Go eat there when most people don't eat. And never on a Sunday post church time.
Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  this food is consistently good.  I do not like the feeling inside the restaurant, but if  it is a nice day, their outdoor tables are great!
I really dig this place! It was on food networks "Diners, drive-ins, and dives" show. The atmosphere comes off as retro/vintage. There's lots of seating options inside and out. There was so much to try on the menu that was unique and original. We tried the bbq chicken pizza, fried zucchini, and cobb salad. The pizza was excellent--thin crust and perfectly crispy. The zucchini was nicely battered and came with side of ranch. I cant wait to come back and try the fontina burger next time!
Okay, a lot of reviews on this place so I will get right to the points.. . Pros:. 1. One of the best American Grill style restaurants you can find in town, maybe the best.. 2. Great atmosphere, sitting outside is nice when its not hot.. 3. Food is very fresh.. 4. Food comes out quick once its ordered. . Cons:. 1. Long lines, expect long wait just to order when its busy.. 2. Not the cleanest restaurant that I have been to, I can see its hard to keep all tables/chairs clean when they have so many customers.. 3. Possible long line to fill up the drinks. 4. Only two family restrooms, line again!. . Bottom line, I do recommend this restaurant to everyone, must pick a not so busy time.
I love Joe! He is a sweet little man with a great vision. All of his restaurants are terrific and this one is no exception. Granted, I have only been here once (Its kinda far out there and I live in the Copa) but the one time I went was a great experience. I had some kind of chicken pesto sammich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was very tasty I think mainly because of the flavorful pesto that was on it. The sweet potato fries were good, however, since I am a sweet potato fries connoisseur, they were not the best I have had. However, they give you a mango salsa that does with them and that was pretty legit. Also got to try their BBQ chicken pizza. It was good but I think I am starting to lean toward not being a fan of BBQ pizza, the sauce it just too much for me on a pizza. Anyways. service was good and I loved the atmosphere outside. The inside could use a little sprucing up and I can see why people dont usually eat in there. But I love the outside and feeling like I am having a picnic in the woods with gourmet food. Way to go Joe on another successful venture, YOU ROCK!
Friends raved about Joe's so I was excited to check it out. The line on a Thursday at 7pm took about 30min which made me think that it was going to be amazing. Love that it's mostly local and organic. Food was good but I understand why people think it was a little too pricey. Garlic fries were yummy even though they were kind of cold. Pesto Chicken Sandwich could have had more flavor but I'm a total pesto snob. The number of rude children running around bumping into people trying to pick up food or get drinks was annoying but typical. I'll go back to check out the coffee shop for sure!
Never had a bad meal here.  Always a great place to eat.  I wish they would bring back the jalapeno, sausage gravy.  That was delicious.
We've been here twice, once for coffee/breakfast at their place in the back and the next for dinner to sample the burgers I had read about.  I love the ambiance here and the casual dining on picnic tables outside on their lovely grounds, and the food is a notch above decent, and fresh, for sure.  We will most likely be back, just because it's a cool little spot with good food.
I have been to this place a couple of times and so far each time has been a great experience for the most part.  The food is awesome, and the atmosphere is fun and friendly (definitely family oriented, with a lot of outdoor seating).. . Out of the two times that I have been here, I have tried their fontina burger, the pesto chicken sandwich, the sweet potato fries, and the garlic fries. The burger was delicious, the chicken in the pesto chicken sandwich was cooked to perfection, and the fries were awesome (although, the garlic fries had too much garlic for my taste). . . The only downside is that this place is always packed  (or at least the two times that I have been here).  It was featured on the Food Network, so I kind of knew that it was a popular place. But the funny thing is that I thought if going at a later time for lunch and on a weekday that it wouldn't be bad, but I was wrong and the line was still out the door.  Also, I kind of wanted to try their milkshakes, but the line was way too long to get back into (sort of wish they had an express line for desserts). . . Oh, and check out their restroom for a weird/funny surprise.
I had a mixed, but overall positive experience here. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger and was enjoying the tuna and the slight tang of the wasabi sauce they used on it, but as I was nearing the middle of my burger, there was a mess of tuna tendon. I casually let the girl at the window know and she immediately put in an order to have another ahi tuna burger made for me. I had no problem with the second burger and it was delicious.. . I love the atmosphere of this place and the mist they sprinkle really cools you down in the Arizona sun.
Let me start by saying the food was great.  Having made a bit of a drive to get there we went all out and ordered a little smorgasbord of items.  A dark chocolate shake, strawberry lemonade, onion rings, a Thai chicken salad, ribs and a fontina burger.  Wow, it was a lot of food.  The salad was really the only thing I found a little lacking and that may have been because everything else was SO good.  The onion rings were hand dipped and fried in panko breadcrumbs, crispy and hot.  The ribs were fall off the bone and so lean!  The burger was melt in your mouth.  . The only issue I did  have was that seating was hard to come by for us and the other couple we came with.  Their son needed a highchair, so we ended up outside.  Which seemed to be nice, even cool, (in June)  but as soon as the boys brought the food out there was a swarm of nasty flies!  They were everywhere, I literally couldn't eat without having to move my arms around my plate to keep them at bay.  We had to take the party inside.  It was croweded and difficult to get the highchair to the table.  So maybe not the greatest if you've got kids.  Otherwise, worth the trip.
Love the food. But, they really must rethink their coffee sevice system. It does not work when they are busy. Which is most of the time.
I absolutely love this place.  The outdoor seating under the fruit trees is great.  There is also outdoor misters to cool it down a bit in the summer.  The outdoor condiment area is awesome (I need that set up at my house).  A section of land like this is rare to find around the Phoenix area. This places gives you a sense you are not in a huge city.  The food is amazing, bbq pork is the way to go.  Get one of their malts on the out for your drive home
While the food is good, the patrons certainly took away from our experience, quite the rude and pretentious set. Definitely not the restaurant's fault but just be aware, for a family friendly place not alot of people willing to hold a door open for a woman struggling with a stroller! . . I ordered the BBQ pork sandwich with sweet potatoe fries, delicious!My husband went with the chicken pesto sandwich, he loved that as well! The tables were cleaned quickly which is critical for such a busy place (even at 8:00pm!). . Good experience overall, perhaps next time we will try take-out and surround ourselves with a nicer bunch!
i had never been before but was very impressed.  got the ahi salad and it was substantial- not just in size, but in variety of vegetables.  the place's draw is the locally grown vegetables.  everything was awesome and tasty.  the big complaint- flies.  we were inside and flies were driving me crazy.  that's the only reason i didn't rate this a 5.  food is awesome
Objectively: delicious food. There's nothing better than local and perfectly utilized ingredients. The Farm Grill's claim-to-fame is being a featured restaurant on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, and Joe's doesn't try to hide it. Several monitors in the lobby have a looped video of Guy Fieri trying the Fontina Burger, which was what I decided to try. I've visited the grill two or three times at this point, and the Fontina has been my choice on each occasion. . . I certainly recommend the sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, and obviously the Fontina Burger, but don't hesitate to try anything on the menu. For the cost, the banana pudding was pretty small compared to the size of the shake. Keep an eye on what other people order to get some pretty good perspective.
I know this place doesn't need another review so I will keep it short and sweet. Joe's Farm Grill is a great  desert gym. I had the Fontina Burger with the Garlic Fries and I literally dreamt about it the next night. I plan on going back to try the other items. The only negative is the lack of indoor seating. I would recommend staking out a seat before you order so that way you don't get stuck outside with the flies.
I've been here a few times, and everything I've ordered has been delicious!
I was contacted by the manger at this location cause of my bad review, I am really for proactive owners. I really need to go back to this location to give them another try since the first time I went there it was really good. I was given a gift card to wipe out what I paid for the last meal as kinda of do over. I will be back Anthony and I will let you know how my next visit is.
I love this place.  I am from NY but visit family in AZ often.  I have to make a stop here every time I visit.. . I absolutely love their selection of foods.  Everything always tastes so fresh and delicious.  . In the past I used to constantly order the "Buffalo Chicken Sandwich" which is absolute heaven, blue cheese and hot wing sauce so tasty and not annoyingly spicy and the chicken was juicy not dry.   Get napkins for this one  . . I recently switched back to being a vegetarian so this past visit I ordered the "Portobello Mushroom Sandwich" and it was really tasty, very juicy.  . Get more napkins for this one too!   . . They seem to really know how to marry flavors together well and make fresh tasting, juicy, delicious food.. . I also always get their garlic fries which are a dream if you love garlic as much as I do, their sweet potato fries are also delicious.  . . I took of one star just because the indoor seating area has a lot of flies, it seems it's just due to the environment of it being a farm with lots of fruit trees so I think they just make their way towards the food indoors.. It's not from uncleanliness because the place is clean.  But I feel they can correct this buy installing some kind of anti-fly system.   . . This includes the bathroom which has the "Thunderbirds" show on tv for some reason with collectible dolls in the walls!. . So to sum up, I absolutely will not visit AZ without stopping here! the food is too good!
Joe's Farm Grill was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives. . . Joe's is a very unique place and a must visit if you live in the Phoenix area. Joe's Farm Grill is located on a farm and many of the items on the menu are made with ingredients that are grown on the property, pretty cool. . . They have a menu with traditional items, which are created with unique ingredients.. . Some of the best options are the Fontina Burger, the Pesto Chicken Sandwich, and the Portobello Farm Salad. The onion rings are very good, and some of the best I've had.. . Unique restaurant with good food, gives Joe's Farm Grill an above average rating of four stars.
I've been to Joe's Farm Grill many times.  Usually, it's when I'm in the area showing homes to clients.  It's always been a big hit with my clients who see it as a great change from the usual fast food restaurants their children want to eat at for lunch.  Joe's has some delicious food items for adults and children alike. They have plenty of comfortable seating inside, or if you'd prefer, you can eat outside under a big tree. I just don't recommend the outside seating when it's 112 degrees here in the valley. Before you leave, and even if youdon't have to, check out the bathrooms.  There are old claymation movies playing in there which is very nostalgic.  Plus the bathrooms are clean! Go Joe's.
We decided to swing by Joe's Farm Grill for lunch on a Saturday, after seeing it featured on DDD. Funny, it was literally down the street from where I used to live...I had driven by it many times, and never noticed it.. . Joe's is situated in a unique futuristic-like building, next to a little cafe/coffee shop on the same property. Once inside Joe's, we were able to order pretty quickly despite the crowd. I had bbq chicken pizza, which was fantastic! My fiance had one of their burgers, which I had a few bites of. Both meals were very tasty, fresh, and light. Although it was a little on the spendy side, it was worth it because everything was obviously fresh and healthier than your average eatery.. . We really enjoyed our lunch and checking out the grounds, and I hate to complain, but I did have 2 questions. First, the restroom set-up was strange (only 1 restroom, in which you have to wait in line for outside), and you have to go outside to get drink refills...next to the lone restroom (which was strange to me). Just a funky set-up. But otherwise, the visit was great, and we will be back for another meal and visit to their coffee shop.
Great food and worth the wait!  The line can be a little ridiculous but I will say that it wasn't as bad because an employee came out and educated us all about the menu item's and the daily deals. Hence the Burger for Two, which really could've fed four!!  The deal also included side of fries, coleslaw, one slice of tomato (not enough for that big burger), lettuce, some onion, and a few bites of cheesecake. Overall it was all very good!!! Price was decent too, cheaper then us both getting two separate orders of burgers and fries. My favorites are the Farm burger, sweet potato fries w the yummy pineapple goodness it's served with, and the Date Milkshake!!! Not so good was the Chicken salad sandwich, it was just meh.  The flies were a nuisance but what do you expect when the seating is mainly outside. No complaints here though, Joe's Farm Grill gets two thumbs up from me!. . Note:  We got that burger about 3 months ago so not sure if it is a regular menu item.
Loved this place.  Burgers are awesome.  Especially with the baked potato fries.  Loved sitting outside.  Great family place.
I enjoyed Joe's Farm. Went there because Diners Drive-ins and Dives like alot of people. The Ahi sandwhich they featured on the show was amazing!!!!!!! I didn't care for the onion rings so much. It was a little expensive but I guess if you take into account I ordred Ahi it was not so bad.
Just like everyone else I like Joe's Farm Grill, not sure if I love it yet. We stopped in for breakfast and I ordered the Joe's Big Breakfast consisting of eggs, sausage, bacon and 2 pancakes for $9.99 was good my eggs were not soft scrambled as I ordered them. But the delicious pancakes made up for that issue. My husband had the Chicken & Mushroom Scramble made of Grilled chicken breast, fresh mushrooms, caramelized onions, fontina and cream cheese w/ skillet potatoes. He was very impressed with his meal but wished for more that 1 strip of flatbread. We don't live near Gilbert but we will be back to eat at Joe's Farm Grill for lunch in the future so that I can change my like to Love because it takes time to build a relationship.
This place is great. My fiance took me here for my first time about a week ago and it is now my favorite place to eat. It a little expensive but well worth it. I got the Farm Burger and that burger was 10x better than any burger at Red Robins and that's saying something! Super great place for children
I have enjoyed this place several times and I'll tell you why: ingredients taste fresh and inventive combinations exist throughout.  They are generous with portions and the setting is relaxed, family-oriented, but still interesting and very tasty food options that go beyond your typical burger and hot dog.  I've had the breakfast Fontina burger and was in gooey-fat heaven, the banana pudding, the double dogs (in natural casings!), the Ahi Tuna salad (so amazing!).  The bathroom is the ultimate weirdness experience, but you gotta try it!  I like going here with friends or family for breakfast or for lunch (only been to dinner time once) and it is such a nice view of a great big tree, a garden and farm property.  I look forward to eating at this place.
My family stopped in here for dinner over the weekend. We had been once before a few years back, though I am not sure if it was before or after the Diners, Drive ins and Dives episode. We used to go to Joe's BBQ a lot and found out about Joe's Farm Grill through them. The first time we came in here I wasn't that impressed. I had gotten a burger (before I went vegetarian) and it was dry, bland, and boring. Nobody else remembers what they got that time either. So I decided we should give this place a second chance. . . We showed up for dinner around 6:45 and there was already a line out the door and halfway to the street. I had read about the lines online before we came in here but didn't expect how long it was or how slow it moved. We didn't move for the first ten minutes we stood there, and then it took another thirty minutes to get through the rest of the line. I am a patient person, so I don't mind lines, but this one was a little ridiculous. There are only two cash registers, and once we had gotten far enough up the line to see them, one of them closed and left only one open. Seriously? There is a line out the door and they close a register? Why couldn't they get someone else to take over? Either way, we finally got up to the register and ordered our food. I got the portabello burger with garlic fries and a side of beet salad, my husband got the fontina burger with onion rings, mom got the ahi tuna burger with regular fries, and my niece ended up with grilled cheese and fries. We all got fountain drinks as well. All for a total of $52. A little on the expensive side for three adults and one child. The descriptions for the burgers tell you you get a choice of your favorite side, but of course what they don't tell you is they up-charge you if you get anything other than the regular fries. Which I didn't find out until after we had paid already. Very misleading. . . While the line moved as slow as molasses, at least the food didn't take that long after being ordered. We waited less than 10 minutes to get our food. The only annoying thing about this was for some reason my nieces sandwich wasn't ready and we had to wait another five minutes for it to be done. I can make a grilled cheese at home in less time than that, and why it wasn't ready with the rest of the food makes no sense. Unless they gave away her sandwich to someone else or something. Eventually we all get our food and start to eat. My portabello burger was huge. The mushroom was at least twice the size of the bun, and it had lettuce and a green goddess dressing. I added the pickles that came on the side as well. It was a little on the salty side, but it was pretty tasty. My garlic fries were delicious. They weren't too spicy but there was an enormous amount of garlic. I love it! I smelled like garlic for two days afterwards. The beet salad however left a lot to be desired. The beets themselves were under seasoned and there wasn't nearly enough blue cheese. I could have also done without the pecans. They seemed out of place. My husband really liked his burger and his onion rings were really crispy and well seasoned. My mom said her ahi burger was also really good, however because of the way it was sliced, it kept falling out of the bun. Not the easiest sandwich to eat. My nieces grilled cheese was standard grilled cheese. . . All of us really enjoyed our meal once we finally got to eat it. However the amount of time spent waiting in line made the experience a little less enjoyable. But my husband and I will probably come back here eventually, I just think we will have to plan the time better so we don't have to wait so long.
Joe's Farm Grill is one of my favorite places to eat. However, to get the best, you need to eat at the restaurant. The quality of the food for to go orders is not nearly as good as eating in house.. . This past weekend, I ordered two cheeseburgers to go. Both burgers were really burnt. The fries were soggy because of the styrofoam container. This was not  really their fault because it's inevitable with those to go containers. But I was very disappointed in the quality of the burgers because I frequently rant and rave that Joe's Farm Grill has the best burgers!!!. . If you eat in house, you'll be safe. Each and every time I have eaten at the restaurant, they continually  serve quality food. Just think twice before ordering to go. Or maybe check the food before driving home.
Came back this weekend after a trip to a farm festival in the area. I have gone vegan since my last review so here is a new update.. . Vegans: Eating here is limited. All bread items, including pizza crust, contain dairy or eggs. The buns, I get it. But pizza crust? I don't understand why restaurants feel the need to add milk or eggs to the pizza dough. It doesn't add anything. And I was hoping to try the veggie pizza sans cheese, but no dice. The good thing about being a vegan and eating here is they have an allergen folder, that has the list of ingredients in all of their items. Which was nice. The girl who took our order was super sweet and gave me some options. Which basically includes all of the salads, without meat or cheese, and any of the vinaigrette dressing options.  I opted for the portabello farm salad which was a mixture of fresh veggies (beets, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, carrots, corn) on top of lettuce with a sliced portabello on top. I got the balsamic vinaigrette dressing. The good thing about the salads here is you can tell the veggies are really fresh. Everything tasted really good. But the salads are huge!! Which is good because they are expensive. My salad was $10 and I barely finished half of it. So I took it home to eat for lunch today. I also got the sweet potato fries with the pineapple and serrano dipping sauce. Those were also awesome. So you can eat here as a vegan, you choices are just limited. But the cashiers are willing to help find you options, which is nice.. . Now for non vegans: My sister got the farm burger with mushrooms added and said it was the best burger shes ever had. My mom had the barbeque pork sandwich and loved that as well. My husband had the portabello burger. The food here is really good. All fresh and delicious. . . Suggestions for Joe's: How about looking into some dairy/egg free bread and pizza crust options? Maybe some wheat bread options as well? I would love to come back here and have something other than a salad. Pretty please??
Everything was really good!  Great grill style burger, Sonoran Hot Dog, Onion Rings, Fries, Sweet Potato Fries w/ Serrano pineapple dip, and the vanilla shake were top notch.. . Atmosphere is neat and the farm type setting makes it fun!  Definitely a good place to visit and really good food..I'd recommend it any time!
Great fresh food.  Had a grilled peanut butter and banana split sandwich for a snack, it was really good.  Would like to try the place again.
Called in take out, arrived@ 11:30a, waited in line @ least 30 min. By then fries & hot dog were no longer hot. Place needs takeout window or better time management for busy times of day. Giving 4 stars due to overall freshness of ingredients.
On a beautiful winter day you might not mind the 45 minutes standing in line and the additional 15 minute wait for your food.....you just have to know what to expect!. . My friend and I shared the infamous BBQ Chicken pizza and a Ceasar Salad w/ chicken. We thoroughly enjoyed both!  The salad was crisp and fresh. The dressing is creamy delicious & the chicken breast is perfectly prepared leaving it moist and finger lickin' good! . . I loved the pizza that must be done in a really hot oven leaving the crust browned and crisp, topped with plenty of chicken, bacon and a very tasty sauce. . . What would have made it 5 stars??? The table & chairs on the patio were so wobbly I thought I'd knock the table over cutting my food and I don't like the 45 minute wait.
I am definitely a fan of Joe's Farm Grill.  My bf and I went on a Sunday morning for breakfast and we were definitely pleased.  You order at a counter, find a table and wait for your buzzer to beep when they are ready.  The place was CROWDED with a ton of parents & kids, which was kind of annoying but hey, just because I don't have kids doesn't mean others aren't allowed to ;)  I had the Joe's Big Breakfast and my bf had the meat & potatoes .... everything was delicious.  Just make sure you're dressed for the weather because you are likely sitting outside at one of their picnic benches.
Be prepared to wait in line on the weekends.  Friends loved the Fontina burger.  BBQ chicken pizza was very good.  Garlic fries are made with real garlic, very intense.  Good Stuff. . Lots of kids running around
Love the pineapple upside down pancakes!!!!
This place is at a great location.  Not a convenient location for me, but eating at a farm is quite charming.  I really like that you have the option to eat indoors or a number of different places outdoors.  . . The facility is such a futuristic looking building, yet it's on a farm.  Quite trippy.  The bathrooms are clean, and they have a convenient hand washing station located near the restrooms.  . . The food tastes fresh and tasty.  I just had a cheeseburger, garlic fries, and a soda.  Some say it's a little pricey, but I think the prices are on par with Carl's Jr.  Believe me, you'd rather be eating foodfrom Joe's Farm Grill.
The setting is pretty neat right on the farm. The Fontina Burger is exceptional. The garlic fries were decent but I'm not a fan of skinny fries in general, they would be much better if they were thicker. . . The only real problem with this place is they need more registers to ring up customers. The food is prepared very fast once you make your order, but getting there at 11 it took about 20 minutes to get to the register to order. By the time we left at 12:30 or so the line was huge. . . But I highly recommend trying them if you are in the area, I wish they were closer to me.
This place is a total joy that I didn't even mind waiting in the long line that other Yelpers have mentioned. Granted, I wasn't starving when I arrived and we were catching up with friends while in line so our wait didn't seem THAT long. But there's still a line so be prepared to wait. Once we got to the counter and ordered our food arrived fairly quickly. The food really does taste amazingly fresh. It's a little pricier than your average burger joint but this place has a unique appeal to it with it's farm fresh food. My hubster loved the sonoran hot dog and we tried the grilled PBJ which was pretty darn good. Their garlic fries are to die for - I should have probably ordered more of those to take home. We even tried a strawberry milkshake - a total treat for us since we hate wasting calories on beverages - but this one was worth the splurge. . . The place itself is really cute with picnic tables under giant trees. We went on a Friday evening so it was really nice to just relax and enjoy our meals outside. We do plan on going back though it is quite a trip for us from North Phoenix. But trust me, we will find a way!
Cant go wrong with the 4B burger or the killer Ahi tuna sandwich . I take all my friends and family here when they come out from Santa Barbara.
It was great, my burger was $13 with onion rings. The onion rings were too crunchy. I have had better. The atmosphere is definately nice though. Like a picknick at every table. I would go at least once. But not again because of the price.
A nice little hidden away place in Gilbert.  Gf and I went there for breakfast and it was surprisingly good. I had the pancakes and meat ( sausage) and the gf had breakfast tacos (eggs, vegs, and ham). It was all good and the best part was apple fritters....it has a sugary cover to it and the inside is very soft. . This place gets packed so be ready to wait. Price range is moderate for what you get. Also....watch out for el scorpio....sting is muchos owie.
I really wanted to dislike this place.  I thought for sure I'd hate it and think it was overrated.  I've driven by and seen the lines and laugh "I'm not waiting in a line like that for food."   . . So one day my daughter got out of school early, and we rushed to try it before the line starts. Which worked, only two families in front of us.  To start, the atmosphere was NOT my thing (note one star missing).  It reminded me of a concession stand at a zoo (flies and all).  . . But the food was sensational. I ordered the Blue Cheese and Bacon Burger, which was one the best burgers I've had in AZ.  My daughter ordered the chicken tenders, which were delicious (we always share a bite, just to compare).  We don't usually eat fries, but even their fries were good.  I also had the onion rings, which I've had better. . . We will go back, and I will try one of their huge fresh salads that I saw others with.
Farm food!  Nice and fresh and yummy.. . I like the Grilled Wild Salmon Platter because it's always delicious every time I order it and it comes with asparagus and two other sides of your choice.. . I also like the cheese cake with strawberries.  There's a surprise oreo crust at the bottom!. . The malts/shakes are also a must.. . When the Hawaiian burger is in season, you should try that.. . I used to always order the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, but I feel like they changed something with it that makes it not as good anymore.  Maybe the dressing?. . Sitting outside is fun especially at night because lights are hung around the trees.
Joes Farm Grill breakfast tacos. Where have you been my whole life. These three tacos are so good with chicken potatoes eggs and seasoned perfectly. I love the beans that you get with the meal. You will be full after these tacos, they are not extra large but i assure you they are enough for a large man to be full from breakfast. I will be back for them for sure. I think they were about 8 dollars or so.
Saw this place reviewed by Guy on Diners, drive ins and Dives and thought we would try it and see what we thought! We pulled up and the line was about 30 deep but when we saw how fast it was moving we thought it wouldn't take long. It was worth the wait in line after we ordered they gave us a pager and within 15 minutes we had fresh amazing home made food and plenty of seating inside and out. We had breakfast and all I can say is pancakes the size of your head with home made sausage and potato fries. Oh and did I mention the home made lemonade and cheesecake. Great place we will be back
Must have the Fontina Burger...Yummy
Hooray for fresh food and inventive recipes! The best time to visit Joe's is definitely in the winter months, as the grounds are beautiful to explore and there are picnic tables all over the place! Indoor seating is limited, but if you come during a less busy time, you'll most likely get a seat. The soda fountain, condiment bar, and restrooms (which are awesome) are also outdoors. Joe's Farm Grill is modern, fun, and definitely makes me feel as though I am stepping out of Arizona and onto a beautiful New England property. . . Atmosphere aside, the food is very good! The menu offers a big variety and most (or all?) of the produce is grown on site. My husband loves the Ahi burger with wasabi mayonnaise, while my favorite so far has been their hot dogs. I was less than impressed with their wedge salad, but eating a meal that is less than exceptional is fairly rare here. Milkshakes and fries are also phenomenal at Joe's. . . Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants to go to on a beautiful day. I know this review will get muddled with the rest of the outstanding reviews, but I knew I had to review a place as unique, delicious, and special as Joe's Farm Grill.
We really only come here on special occasions due to the slightly high prices and long wait in line.  Even though I always say I am going to try something new on the menu, I end up getting a burger, fries and milkshake.  They are all really good.  When the weather is nice, we really enjoy sitting outside on the benches.
Great place!! Can't wait to go back!!!!
This place is always pretty good! I just recently had their breakfast and it did not disappoint :) Good size portions and super tasty pancakes!  The staff is always friendly and the wait is never too shabby. I'm always in for some Joe's! :)
Amazing breakfast and coffee. Hidden gem.
After doing a bit of googlingin search for a place with delicious french fries, I came across Joe's Farm Grill. I visited their website and liked what I saw (I love a menu with pictures). So after some more researching, my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a go. The surrounding area was filled with trees and there was lots of green to be seen, which is nice seeing as Arizona is full of all things brown. The building was practically made out of windows, which I also love, and it had a very inviting look to it.. After browsing the menu I decided on the Fontina burger with their garlic fries. My boyfriend got the Farm burger with a fresh beet salad. We took a seat outside and waited for our food. The food didn't take very long to come up and I liked what I saw. Even better, I liked how it tasted. I couldn't wait to dive into the garlic fries. They were delicious. My boyfriend thought there was too much garlic on them, but I didn't mind.  The Fontina burger had roasted red peppers, grilled mushrooms, field greens, pesto sauce, and fontina cheese on it. My juicy burger tasted amazing. As for my boyfriend's Farm burger and beet salad, he enjoyed those as well. . Overall, it was a great experience and the place had a great atmosphere. If I happen to be in that area again, I'll surely stop by and try something else on their menu, but I won't be going out of my way to get there. It's a bit of a journey for a burger joint.
Always a great place to go for lunch. The unique atmosphere there is fun and enjoyable.. . I had a chicken sandwich was tasty and my son had a grilled cheese sandwich which is always a winner in his book.
I went here for my sister's birthday as a new place to try after hearing about it on the Food Network channel. The vibe of the place is really special and unique, feels like you're at a private farm. The food was amazing!! I decided to order a salad just so I could sample all the home grown veggies from the farm. The strawberry lemonade was also top notch and came in a very large cup! After lunch, we walked around the fields and visited the coffee shop next door. The only negatives for me was the really long wait time (almost an hour) at 2pm in the afternoon on a weekday and how far of a drive it was for me. Overall, great experience...would go back!
There's a reason this place appeared on Guy Fieri's show: it's awesome.. . I wound up in this part of Gilbert for something else and stopped here to eat. And I did not regret it.. . I had the Fontina Burger (no field greens) and onion rings. The onion rings were very good if a touch over breaded, and the burger was dynamite. Mushrooms, cheese, beef, red pepper, etc.? Sign me up! Plus they had great shakes and a nice atmosphere. Another "blast-off" place on the level of Pita Jungle.. . Tip: it's not crowded at 4pm on a Friday, but it does get busier soon after.
Joe's Farm Grill is a great little restaurant that has really fresh food.  My husband and I went for a late lunch/early dinner around 3:00 which was a great time because it was not too busy.  I ordered the veggie burger with fries, my husband ordered a cheeseburger with mushrooms and fries, and we also ordered onion rings to share because we had heard a lot of great things about them.  We ordered way too much food, but I would do it again in a heartbeat.  My veggie burger had great flavor (it was a little spicy which I loved) and was grilled perfectly so that it was nice and crispy on the outside.  The fries were crispy and tasted great.  The onion rings were also crispy and fabulous!  My husband said that his hamburger was really good, but that the mushrooms on it were the best mushrooms he has had in a while.  One item we would change is the ranch dressing that we used with the onion rings.  The ranch was watery and not very flavorful.  If we could change one thing we would make the ranch dressing better.  With that being said, we will definitely be back!
A must have if you have visitors...love the place. Very different and eating outdoors is great when it's cool enough. Great Burgers! You have to try this place! A bit pricey but it's a great treat and they have fresh produce..some are from their own garden. Oh yeah gotta go to the bathroom, kids will love it.
I will keep this short and sweet.  I love this place, the food is always fresh, the service is always friendly, and the ambiance is one of a kind.  Agritopia rocks, so does Joe & the rest of the Johnston family!
I have been here twice now and had two very different expereinces. For lunch I would give this 5 stars. The hot dogs are fantastic. Really good buns that are toasted and great selection of toppings. The fries are also very good. The bbq chicken pizza has so many great flavors on it. Really good. . . Breakfast was a different story. My omlette tasted like someone dropped the salt shaker in it. It wasn't even edible. My mom got a waffle and it wasn't fully cooked. the middle was still gooey dough. Had I not had my sister insisting that the hot dogs were amazing we would not have gone back. . . So for lunch I reccomend this place,  especially with the great weather and all the outdoor seating. Five stars for their non breakfast items!
It's a ways out there, but worth the drive. Very family friendly. We went on a Saturday and were dismayed by the very long Disney-esque lines at lunch, but we had driven so far...! My BF had the Chicken Caesar salad and I had a salad with ahi. We shared some fries. All of the food was done really well and there's no denying the produce is just-picked and wonderful. The outdoors seating is really nice if the weather's cooperating.
Ambience = A++; It really is a beautiful setting and the perfect place to go when the weather turns nice.  We even drove around the neighborhood a bit to get the lay of the land.  I hadn't been in that area since it was all farmland in the 80s.  . . Food = B; We both had burgers.  There really wasn't anything special about them, which is not to say they weren't good... they were.  I'm more than willing to go there again and try something different - something more "authentically Joe's".  The fries were again, unimpressive.  The drinks were a little on the bland side; my first go was a Dr. Pepper which was flat.  . . Service was relatively quick for how many people were there.  My husband said the bathrooms were pretty awesome.
Went to Joes Farm Grill with the entire family tonight. Great food! Everyone liked what they ordered. The only thing that was a problem was the hour and 1/2 we spent in line waiting to order. Great place on the weekend if you have a ton of time. If not, then try another place.
I try to avoid greasy, american-style burgers & fries, but don't be afraid of Joe's Farm Grill. Yes, they have onion rings, fries, and burgers, but they are so much better than what you are picturing. Nothing tastes old and stale. It all comes out hot and fresh. The building itself is pretty interesting, considering it used to be a home, then it was converted into a business. Be prepared to wait in line, because this place is always busy for lunch and dinner. Finding a spot to sit isn't too hard, but it is another place that has a 'cafeteria style' seating arrangement. I had a grilled cheese the last time I visited, and onion rings. Yummy. I know it's hard to mess up a grilled cheese, but you would be surprised- this one was delicious. Iwas happy to see that Joe's was on television too. This place really deserves the popularity. The staff is friendly too. Thanks Joe. :-)
I was here from out of town visiting friends and one of them recommended coming here.  I had been eating fast food for days it felt like so I did want something that was a bit "healthier".. . I liked the concept and thought everything was pretty well made.  I had the Ahi tuna burger and it was perfect - good amount of tuna, done perfectly rare, etc.  I also got beets on the side.  It was quite a lot of food.  . . I thought the prices were reasonable enough - the only odd thing was it was kind of an in between restaurant -  it wasn't fast food since you had to wait for the food, but it wasn't a sit down restaurant either.
This place is super tasty.  There are a lot of options, but what keeps me coming back are the shakes!  Often times they have unique flavored shakes at different times of the year depending on what produce is in season.  Also, the sweet potato fries are good.
This is great place to bring the family and let the kids roam outside while you sit on a bench and watch. . . The food is good and the service (behind the window) is friendly. The Food Network came here with Guy Fieri. Guy likes the food and says their onion rings are "Captial K Krunchy!". . . I normally come for breakfast. Love the breakfast tacos with bacon. Who doesn't love bacon? The combo of pesto and sour cream which are both topped on the tacos really bring it to a whole new level. . . Delicious coffee. I wish I could take a full carafe home. . . The inside of the restaurant is usually packed and patrons need to fill the tables outside. With days like today, when it is beautiful outside... I'd rather be outside anyways.  . . If you haven't been to Joe's Farm Grill, you owe it to your family and self to get out here!
I've eaten at Joe's Farm Grill enough to honestly state that EVERYTHING on their breakfast, lunch, and dinner menu is tasty!
Joe's is awesome.   I really like the atmosphere and the food is really good too.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner, I dig it. For breakfast, the omelets are awesome.  If you're feeling like a waffle this is the place to get one.  For lunch or dinner the burgers are super tasty and the pizza is excellent.  We always take people from out of town here and a lot of it has to do with the atmosphere.  Not too many places where you can order food and sit at a picnic table in a farm type setting.  Sure its in the middle of suburbia but it does a great job capturing the farmhouse feel in 21st century-Gilbert AZ.  I recommend Joe'sif you seek good food in a unique environment.
This sustainable restaurant is located in a very nice rural area. Got the double Sonoran/Carolina dog combo. Very tasty. If you come on a weekend night expect a hefty wait. The prices are decent, but definitely worth trying out.
Easter breakfast was fantastic!!  Fresh, delicious and great setting!  One negative, the wait in line was long and I didn't understand the ONE person taking orders seemed very inefficient.  However, I did overhear that it was by design to keep the cooks getting the food out in a reasonable time.  Once we ordered, the food, 6 meals, was out in less that 15 mins.  We stood in line for nearly 40 minutes.. The pancakes were amazing, the four cheese omelet, was scrumptious!. Definitely will drive 1 hour each way from my home to go back to try the lunch and dinner.
UNIQUE/fun/tasty place.. . We were visiting Scottsdale and took a minor detour to check this place out after we arrived at Mesa Airport.. . Atmosphere/service: 5/5 This place is basically in farm country, with a community garden you should definitely check out behind it and farmer "joe" on the tractor giving us a big smile and wave in 90 degree heat in a button up cotton shirt driving by on his farm which is adjacent to the community garden.  This restaurant is one of a kind.  It's an old building redone in a modern fashion with "gardens" and huge trees surrounding it with a ton of picnic tables for you to take your grub outside and chill.  Check out the bathrooms, they are ridiculous with old school movies playing on the tv above the urinal amongst other things. Crowds were large but the lines moved fast, they have their logistics down.. . Food 4/5. We ordered the BBQ plate which was out of this world.  amazing rubs and bbq they use was delicious.  Their famous onion rings were somewhat of a let down, they were good but fell short of expectations (especially being featured on the food network).  We also had their coleslaw which was  5/5 and then their beet/bluecheese salad which was also very good. We also had their chocolate milkshake and added peanut butter which was redonk-good.  So many bomb sounding things on this menu I could go back 5 times and still not try everything I wanted to.  I'm into sauces too and once you get your food you can go over to the fountain drink station and there is literally 10 awesome sauces you can choose from.  This food certainly won't disappoint, it could have been 5/5 easily but I have to stick with 4/5 because its not mind blowing, just solid good and was enjoyable.. . Next time im in AZ, I'm going back FOR SURE!
So I love the concept, like the atmosphere, and like the food. (My favs are the curry chicken salad sandwich, the BBQ chicken pizza, the onion rings and the sweet potato fries)  However there are 2 things that keep me from giving Joe's 5 stars:  the prices and the huge lines.  Considering they grow all their own produce, the prices could be a tad cheaper.  But what bothers me more is the lines.  Ever since Joe's Farm Grill has opened, there has been lines, and I am sorry, but this problem should have been solved by now.  Open 2 windows on the weekends, hire more cooks, do SOMETHING, but NO food is worth waiting over an hour just to order.  Long lines may be a boost to the ego, but not really good customer service.  If Joe's could solve this issue, I would visit much more often, because I really do commend them for doing something unique.
A bit pricey, but good fresh food. Nothing that unique about it though. You can pretty much get this type of food at any chain restaurant.
Great  food if you don't mind waiting in line for 30 minutes in front of some hippie do-gooder that is crying because you have too many people in your party. I like the community farming co-op thing they have going too. great place for a family outing.
Good food. The Asian chicken salad ws tasty. Lots of seating outside but the flies almost ran us out of there.  Will sit inside next time!
Great Food! I love the outdoor dining!!  There were way too many flies!! kinda gross
I took my niece here for lunch on my sister in law's recommendation.  They grow the produce right there on the farm.  You can walk around and literally see where your food comes from.  I had the fried shrimp which is a treat for me.  They were awesome.  Flavorful breading.  We had sweet potato fries (served with incredible pineapple salsa)which even tasted good the next day cold at the airport with the seared ahi to go that was cheaper and a million times better than airport food.  Katrina had the portobello mushroom burger.  I had some and it was cooked & dressed perfectly.  The coleslaw was fresh & tasty, the fried zucchini were excellent.  The portions were so huge we could only eat about one third.  There is outside seating under the mister & I will be going back.
Love the outdoor seating at picnic tables, which is perfect during our cooler months.  Have only eaten breakfast here, but it's always been great.  Only downfall is long line to order and have to pick up your food...personally I like to be served, but that is just the style of this place.
I continue to come to Joe's Farm Grill on occasion.  It's not a must-visit like Joe's Real BBQ, but as I stated in my first review 18 months ago they have some items here that are not available at the other Joe's.  I have tried a few of their other dishes in that time.  Their Sonoran hot dog (with pulled pork) is very tasty, their shakes are pretty good, I do like their garlic fries(!!), and their grilled pizza is not bad at all.. . I would actually give them 3.5 stars if I could.  For what they are they are very good.  Not fantastic, but very good.  A unique array of salads, burgers, and other sandwiches, hot dogs, plus the pizzas...American comfort food with a twist.. . Today I went back to my "standard" and got the pork plate (comes with garlic fires and slaw, though I don't like slaw).  I have buns at home, and so can make some pulled pork sandwiches and munch on the garlic fries.. . What more could you ask?
I live in Agritopia, so I am a very frequent patron of Joe's Farm Grill. The Fontina burger is my fav, and the veggie pizza is my husbands fave. My only 2 gripes are that the place is always packed. The best time to go is about an hour before closing. By that time the line has died down. The second thing is the flies . . . but given that the place sits on a FARM, there's not much that can be done about that. We usually sit inside to avoid the flying critters. Overall a wonderful, family friendly place to eat. Supporting local is my thing, so I love that!
The Farm is good!  Nice family atmosphere, good food, and nice urban farming appeal.  While the food is good, it isn't exceptionally great and with that comes a heafty bill.  We have gone several times before and will go again - we recommend eating here just be prepared to pay the high prices!
This is probably one of the places our family loves coming to the most. I know there's always a line that many complain about, but it's not because Joe's has a poorly run kitchen or skimps on their service. It's because it's arguably the most unique and popular of restaurants in the East Valley.. . My "go to" item here is the Bleu Cheese Bacon burger. My wife and I are fairly enthusiastic foodies, and I can say without reservations that that burger is the best I've ever tasted. After a few years I started asking for extra bleu cheese on it because it seemed the longer they've been around, the more stingy they are on it. And that stuff, which I think is homemade, is what makes that burger. They also have sweet potato fries with pineapple salsa that my wife raves about. Every once in a while I get a yummy chocolate shake too.. . This place was also featured on The Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives," and they definitely are good and proud of it. TVs are everywhere showing the episode on repeat, even in the bathroom. (Something that while cool, I think patrons make a bigger deal out of than necessary. Nothing against the restaurant though; I just laugh when people go crazy over a tv in the bathroom. If it was playing the Suns game on it, then maybe you can freak out.). . Once or maybe twice a year they do customer appreciation day and give out free burgers all afternoon. This restaurant has a loyal following and I think it's pretty cool for a business to show value in it's customers in such a manner. With that being said, I NEVER go to Joe's on "Free Day." You think the lines are bad on a normal day? They're ridiculous on Free Day, requiring even DPS traffic control to maintain some sense of order. What people won't do for a free handout! My time is worth more than saving 7 bucks on a burger. Just to make a statement to all the freeloaders (and I say that in the nicest way possible, hardy har) that show up, I'd love to come in on Free Day and pay double the normal price for the burger if it meant cutting the line or something. Not saying it should happen, but it'd be funny. But that says more about people in general than Joe's, and again, I commend them for valuing the community like that. I think one year we arrived at Joe's not realizing it was Free day, and all I could say was "Ah crap." lol.. . Joe's is the best. I'm telling ya, try the Bleu Cheese Bacon burger, and make sure to ask for extra bleu cheese on it, even if they charge for it. It's SOOOOOOO good!. . And if you "Like" their Facebook page, you'll get all their announcements, including the year's "Free Day," so that you know when NOT to go to Joe's, which should be the only time you shouldn't. I haven't had their breakfast yet, but I hear it's equally thrilling.
The food is so fresh and delicious! I haven't tried anything on the menu that isn't outstanding. My personal favorite is the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, I know why it was on the foodnetwork, cause it is freakin mouthwatering!! . . However, I have NEVER been to Joe's when there wasn't a line out the door. If you're patient and you have time to wait, it's worth it! But if you need food fast, probably not your best bet.
Man happy birthday to me. I came for the $10 off birthday deal that Joe's offers and came away with much more. . First of the location is around some fields/orchards and something you don't see too often in Arizona. Ordering was quick and they have electronic telly things that remind you when your foods ready. . The seared ahi tuna came with some of the best rings I've had and I got a strawberry milkshake as well. The ahi was mammoth with almost a lb of pure tuna. The panko breaded rings were on point. The shake imo was just ok, but it doesn't hurt that it's made with better ingredients then other shakes elsewhere. (Sonic's I'm lookin at you). . Overall the scenery, peeps, and food is worth the trip. (Big fan of the ordering system as well)
I'm not one to sit up on a pedestal and tell you to eat organic.  Honestly, I don't care if there were some high powered fertilizers used to grow my tomatoes if they're fresh.  And that's exactly what you'll get here - fresh.  They harvest their veggies from the large garden out back which you're free to walk through before or after your meal.  The food is varied and there is something for everyone.  The salads are large, the sandwiches are filling, and the sides are all very good.  The only downside of Joe's is the price.  You'll probably be looking at $30 for lunch for 2 especially if you choose to have dessert or a shake (you should have a shake).  All told it is a fantastic lunch option and a great place to take out-of-town visitors, especially in the cooler months!
Really great fresh grilled food. I went with a group of 5 people, and we were able to all get different things that we like.. from burgers to pizza to fish and salad. Everyone  loved their meals. I'm usually a salad fan. First time I got the Thai Ahi salad and it was really good. The second time I got the salmon Caesar salad and it was incredible. So delicious! . . It's a relaxed atmosphere. You wait in line to order the food and then find seating either inside or outside while waiting for your food. *If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait in a long line. Week days are still a small wait, but weekends seem to get a bit crowded. (but it's probably crowded for a reason)
Delicious dinner here! Loved the relaxed atmosphere, and the easy ordering/seating. The Thai chicken salad was just okay, but the Fontina burger was amazing. LOVED the strawberry lemonade , and the onion rings and garlic fries were to die for.
I say, "Thai Chicken Salad," and "would go back if nearby.". . I thought the sign warning that anyone doing commercial photography would be charged with trespassing was strange. There must be a story here.
One of the first places I ate moving to Arizona a few mos back.. This is a hidden secret!!! Love the fried zucchini, the flat breads, the burgers and the fresh squeezed lemonade!! This place has a relaxed ambiance to it, except the tree outdoors warning of falling scorpions. They could also get the flies under control outdoors where you eat, not fun to deal with. Otherwise the place is amazing, fresh yummy ,healthy food!!!! Try it!!!!! Dont forget to peak at their very interesting decor in the restroom.. lol
This place is great. I've had a bunch of different menu items and each one is worth reordering. The garlic fries are great. In the winter time they have really pretty out door seating, there are nice areas to sit around, and a large tree for kids to climb. There isn't anything too faulty about this place but nothing that merits a 5 start rating. But it's one of those unique spots the are great for out of towners, and it never hurts to mention it was on TV.
Did a project at agritopia and decided to eat here. The food was really good but it was pricey....but hey it is organic and local. Would come back.
We came here with my in-laws when they came to town. It was featured on Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives and they play the episode inside the place. Here you wait in line as you make your way up to the person taking orders. When you walk in be sure to grab a menu and you can peruse it while you wait in line. Once you get to the front there is a place to put your menu and you simply order your meal. You will be given a buzzer to alert you when your food is ready. The ingredients are very fresh and the food is good. This is also a very kid friendly place and noisy because of all the children. You can sit inside or outside on park benches. A very casual, low key place with decent breakfast of lunch food. . . . Visited April 2012
Fresh, delicious meals straight from the farm! They have sandwiches, salads, shakes and ribs! I tried the BBQ Pork Sandwich and a oversized portion of onion rings. I was super full but couldn't say no to the best onion rings on the planet! . . My boyfriend order a full rack of ribs and finished the meal by licking his fingers clean. I liked the outdoor seating and view of the family farm. I know this restaurant has been approved by Guy Fieri of Diners Drive-ins and Dives, but just so you know it's Lauren Lizzle approved, as well.
Yummy breakfast , love the outdoor seating when the weather is nice .  Long lines but it moves fairly fast
Not bad, but not quite there. Great place for families with room for kids to run around out back. . . Pros: cool building and site, good menu selection, condiments on tap in the back (ranch, brown mustard, rooster, along with the normal things), fast service. . . Cons: food was ok, better than sonic but it was all a little off, lots of kids and young families ( there is seating around front that is quieter), food was mildly warm but not enough to still be so when you got to the end. . . I had: cheese burger with bacon (not thick or chrispy, but tasty still), grilled onions, real cheddar, but the burger wasn't too juicy (over cooked).  Liked the flame broiled and natural shape. Sweet potato fries were limp and luke warm, fried zucchini had a good batter, shape, and texture, sauce could use to be less chunky so you could eat it vs. just dip in juice. . . Over not bad for 13 bucks, could improve though.
We were in the area so we decided to check out Joe's Farm Grill, a place we had heard so much about.. . In general, we all agreed that it was good. I would return if I was in the area, but I don't think I would make a special trip.. . The food seemed fresh. I had a grilled cheese sandwich. It was good but not the best I have had. Others in my party commented that there food was great.. . It is decent for kids if the weather is nice. Lots of outdoor seating with areas to walk/run and play. My kids enjoyed walking the grounds and seeing the parrots. One word of warning, however: choose your outdoor seating carefully. We didn't have a lot of options when we arrived. Our table, which was located under the big tree, was a target for bird poop! My brother was hit no less than three times! Take a look at your table before you sit down and see if there is evidence of birds.
Line is soooooo long.  Especially on the weekends.  They need more registers.  Staff tends to seem kind of burnt out all the time.  However, the atmosphere is great and the food is so fresh and delicious.  We love sitting outside under the big trees looking out on the farm.  It is kind of romantic and low key.
My family of very picky eaters, including a gourmand snob, found this restaurant at the top of our Yelp search. We were there for dinner around 6:30 and found a substantial line to order, which moved with satisfying speed. The food is ordered and picked up at a window like fast food, but is more like a gourmet restaurant. We had the hamburger and the chicken sandwich. Both were juicy and flavorful, the chicken marinated and tender. The setting included a lot of trees, very pleasant. Check out the bathrooms for a giggle.
I have been coming back here several times since I moved to AZ. It is family friendly and very clean. I tried Ahi-tuna sandwich, Joe BBQ burger and Grilled chicken sandwich. The Ahi-tuna sandwich is pretty decent! It is served with special dressing. The burger and the other sandwich are average quality. As the consumer, I like Joe Farms Grill because it serves the decent quality veggies and provides you the heathy choice; you can choose the side when you purchase burger or sandwich. Also, it is budget friendly dining area because it is designed as the self service restaurant(no waitress/waiter)
