Nice hotel - a little dated but off the strip and fun.  Awesome health spa..plus elvis stayed there
Probably the best deal in town for this class of Hotel (3.5 star) and one of the very few in Vegas not to charge a resort fee. Though the location is a little bit out of the way (by the convention center) overall compared to other hotels in the same class the hilton compares very well.. . BUT, if you're comparing the Hilton to a higher class hotel (and needless to say with higher prices) then I could see where the Hilton would not rate the same - OBVIOUSLY!. . I guess some people who complain excessively have caviar tastes on a "Kia" budget. LOL
It's a Hilton and exactly what you would expect from a 3 to 4 star hotel. I haven't stayed in this hotel for years, but I'm glad I opted to come back.. . We opted to upgrade to Resort Club status which gave us a bigger room with a 37" flat screen TV, in-room printer, upgraded linens and pillows, and best of all.... we got complimentary access to the Spa. The Resort Club also gave us access to the Club Lounge between 6am to 8pm with complimentary coffee, tea, bottled water, bottled juice, sodas, fruit, nuts, and cookies. During the evening hours of 4-8pm, they even bring out various wines such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Chardonnay, Champagne with cheese as well as a selection of bottled beers. We got a room on the 24th floor near the lounge with a great view ot the LV Strip.. . The Spa experience wasn't the best in the town, but I was able to relax in a quiet atmosphere. I especially liked the "wet sauna" which was almost like a dry sauna with some moisture. I liked the fact that it didn't dry out my skin, but at the same time didn't pump so much steam that it's difficult to breathe like it is in a steam room.
After walking the strip and visiting several hotel casinos, even before I checked in, this place just off the strip is definitely one of the top 5. Very clean, large and air conditioned. The king size bed in the room was very luxurious and the room was very large itself. The Husband and I had plenty of space. The bathroom was my only complaint-the toilet paper roll dispenser is behind the toilet-literally on the same wall the tank is. Very difficult to reach. The non smoking room was perfectly non smokey smelling! Lol.. The casino areas were nice and comfortable and the sports fan cave was amazing. We loved it. We will definitely stay here again.
I'd say Hilton LV was a solid 3.5 star for the price. . . Pros:. Just 10 mins from the strip. good view of the strip. close to downtown. not much traffic. cheap food in the area. . Cons:. monorail is $5 per trip or 12 per day - takes forever to walk over to the entrance. $4 waters. small pool and weak gambling area. crappy shower and bathroom
Surprised at some of the reviews on here...please don't come here and expect the 5 star luxury that you see in some of the strip resorts like Aria and the Venetian....it's an older hotel and it shows in some areas.  That being said, A LOT of the rooms have been remodeled and refurbished so hope to be lucky enough to get one of these rooms OR ensure that you get a nice room with a $20 sandwich trick.. . The staff was amazing...helped to the best of their ability and always very friendly, especially the valet staff.  Like I mentioned before, I did the $20 sandwich and got the bedroom portion of a suite - complete with flat screen, fridge, new pillow top mattress and nice bathroom.  It is kind of weird that part of the Star Trek theme is still in the casino...but no Star Trek Experience; still plenty of games there to play.  All in all - I would definitely stay here again especially since I drive into Vegas and therefore have transportation to the strip (2 minute drive).
The Hilton is a good hotel that exceeded our expectations. After we checked in we were anticipating enjoy a dip in the pool. We checked with both the front desk AND the operator and they told us that it would close at 800. We went down and the posted close time was 800 so we were pretty upset when we were told that it was closed early this evening. We returned and my wife called the desk and expressed her displeasure and was put in communication with the manager and was given 50% off our room.  What really impressed us was how quickly they took care of the situation let alone their response. We are looking forward to staying here after our sentimental favorite the Sahara closed down. Very good customer service!
Booked through TRAVELOCITY.COM stayed Friday and Saturday $130/2 nights. I tried the $20 sandwich and it worked! got upgraded from Standard Room to a Resort (newly renovated) Room.. saved $100! . . PROs: . 1. The hotel has a Monorail Station.. 2. 4-Star Hotel with very affordable price.. 3. Friendly staff.. 4. Clean and decent room.. . CONs:. 1. Small casino. 2. No shopping area. 3. No free wifi. 4. $50/night deposit which they will return on your credit card after 2 business days.. . Definitely will go back and try to get a better deal.
My Review is for the Men's Spa, not a hotel room.  I stayed next door at the LV Hilton Grand Vacation Resort.  Since they do not have a spa, or other venues, and because I was at a conference, spent more time at this property.. . The spa was excellent.  The price was fantastic ($20 a day).  Men's spa has private steam, dry and wet saunas, 2 whirlpools and 1 cold plunge.  There is fruit, bottled water and tea available, along with ice-cold towels and great attentive service.  The furniture in the relaxation room could be updated.  I would also like to see less staff sitting around in the relaxation area, so that the guests can enjoy (this was the case every day).  Additionally, why the Hell is there a TV with movies, infomercials or games blasting?  A spa should be relaxation...most spas now have quiet ,soothing music with a multimedia of relaxation pictures on their big screen, not loud TV which only incites people, not get them in the "spa mood".  . . Other than those two issues, this was a nice get-away.  I would gladly pay more for this spa IF the mood was more tranquil (see above).  If I return to Vegas, will be back to the spa.
rooms are pretty nice for the price especially it being off the strip
Honestly, people...for an economy car price, we're getting middle class luxury at this joint.. . Hubby and I received a postcard in the mail for a special 3-night deal which worked out to be $52 a night for 2 double beds.  Wow...we jumped on that mutha right away.. . Checking in was a breeze.  Our person was friendly and offered us upgrades when asked.  Nothing monumental but I upgraded us to a room with a fridge, pillowtop and a nicer view for $10 more a day.. . Same thing I noticed in other nicer hotels - it's definitely smokier than before.  They must be cutting back on ventilation to save energy??  Also, we happened to be there during a very busy week - some sort of high school basketball tournament so there were kids everywhere.  . . The rooms are clean, the beds are comfy, the shampoo/conditioner stuff is brand name and the maids do a great job.  You can't ask for more (other than to be ON the strip) but for $62 a night, who's complaining??. . The Hilton continues to be one of our go-to hotels in Las Vegas.
This is a nice hotel at an excellent price.  Even though its on the north end of the strip, its right next to the monorail that can take you down towards the main part of the strip.  Located right next to the convention center.. . No problem checking in, they recogonized me as a Hilton Gold member.  Offered me breakfast buffet for 2 for each night I stayed.  (Which by the way, the breakfast was very good and our waitress was friendly.)  They also upgraded my room.  The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable.  I would highly recommend.  They also have a casino within the hotel.  . . I did hear that it will no longer be a Hilton property by the end of the year, so that part bums me out since I won't be able to earn my Hilton rewards.  Great for business clients as well.
Probably closer to 3 than 4, but I'm in a generous mood tonight.  I lucked out and got a renovated room.  The front desk staff was efficient and cordial on check-in and the valet parking staff excels at customer service.  The buffet is excellent, especially the pasta bar.. . A few negatives.... the hallways are disgusting.  Lots of plates on the floor I'm on.   Also, the buffet staff can be slow at times, so you may want to pace yourself for drink refills.  And no free wi-fi.  That's a HUGE minus, in my book.. . All in all, a pretty good hotel, especiallyif you're in Vegas for a convention.
I stayed 2 nights. Checked in on Monday September 12th. . The front desk was very friendly and I got my room upgraded. I'm not sure what the room is called but it was pretty nice. It was fairly modern. It had a nice flat screen, a  refrigerator, couches, and plenty of space. There is also no resort fee and the casino has some really good video poker machines. Also, you have the option to opt out of housekeeping in return for a $10 food voucher.. . The only negative experience I had was when I tried calling house-keeping because I forgot to bring a toothbrush. I guess they were really busy, but I was on hold for almost 10 minutes before I got to speak to someone. And when I finally asked for a toothbrush, I didn't get it for over 30 minutes.
I am going to give this hotel 4 stars. After reading all the reviews on yelp, trip advisor and any other web site that could tell me. Good thing about this hotel, I was really nervous to stay here, and this is why the 4 stars.. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The rooms were just as nice(east tower) as the Chicago hotel that Obama stayed in( I gave that one 2 stars).  The rail line is right there and the bus line is within waling distance. We were there for a conference which made it really easy. Worth the stay to me.
Just got back and I must say this is a good hotel and casino. Played in a BJ tournament and ended up getting the room comped. Apparently the only difference between the Central Tower and the North/East tower is the mattress and bathroom. It gets an extra star because it is by the Monorail which saves you mucho casho!!!!!
Stayed here twice, and alwaysbeen a good experience. You cant complain about the prices 60 to 80 bucks what else do you want..the bathrooms are a little out dated but the all your gonna do is shower and shit so who cares..the rooms are good size enough to hold a couple of people for a quick good drinking session before hitting the strip and the beds are comfy!! The buffet down stairs isn't half bad but a lil pricey for me... quick check in and check out, all around a good place
Hilton is off the strip but accessible by the monorail.  Came in a few years back for a conference, and we brought family there for the Star Trek adventure.  Today, the place is quiet, no one is up yet and the casino floor is empty.  . . For a small price, we can ride the rail, stop and get off when you want and then get back on.  Parking is free at the Hilton, so the cost of the rail is all you'll be out.  Then you can beat the traffic jams at the major properties with limited access.
My husband and I stay here everytime we come to Vegas.  It's off the strip which I like.  If I want to go to the touristy area, I can just take the monorail which starts at the Hilton and ends at MGM.  . I feel very comfortable staying at this hotel.  They just remodeled the building which looks great.  . I like the gaming selections and the staff is down to earth.
I stayed here last December in fabulous LV. Loved the room, but the bathroom should and needed to be bigger. The Lobby was a typical Vegas atmosphere. The hotel is located off the strip but still close and also had the monorail that runs to and from the strip. The room was clean and free of odor. I would stay at this hotel again with no questions asked.
NYE!!. . We booked this room last minute cause we couldn't decide if we wanted to do Vegas for New Years.  I must say my experience here at the Hitlon wasn't as bad as some of the reviews I read.  I must say our room was nice. I stayed at my friends room which was a floor below us and their room was completely different than ours completely different. When our Friends walked into our room they were in shock at how nice ours was compared to theirs and they paid $200 more.  So i can see how some people can have dingy rooms after looking at theirs. No complaints to our room.. . I love that the Monorail was located at the hotel cause it was $5 for single ride which is what we used to get to our NYE destination. Was very useful.  I would have to say upon arriving to the hotel, the outside lights were off all you can see were lights from the rooms which I found odd.. . All in all my experience here at the Hilton was not bad at all. I would def stay here again.  Do not book the standard room i think that's where my friends stayed. We asked for a non standard.  Hope that helps.
We stayed here for 3 nights during New Years. With the string of not so favorable reviews, I wasn't quite sure what we'd be met with. While it wasn't high-end or palatial, you really do get a good deal here - a fast check-in, clean room, comfy bed and easy access to food options, gambling and the Strip.. . My boyfriend and I are part of the Hilton Honor's program so we like to accrue points for free rooms, upgrades and rewards. . . The bathrooms can use a little updating - the shower and floor tiles were light pink. Other than the uncomeliness of the bathroom fixtures, you get alll your basic amenities - flat screeen Tv, pillowtop bed, duvet, work station, hair dryer, designer toiletries - and some extra cash to spend on the tables, slots, buffets and shopping. . . They have the worlds largest sportsbook, several cafes, Benihana's, TJ's Steakhouse, gift shops, fast food, daily buffets, nightly entertainment, room service and great access to the Strip via the monorail. We purchased a couple 3-day unlimited access passes for $28/person. Way cheaper than taxis! . . I've stayed at many different types of hotels and, just like a good pair of shoes, it depends on what your budget, occasion and priorities are. If you're looking for a comfortable stay and want to free up some extra Vegas play money, then the Hilton is a great choice.
The Las Vegas Hilton changed hands on January 2nd and became the LVH, a horrible name, but likely to be changed soon. So new, they don't have a sign. The property has been sold to Goldman-Sachs, who surely intend to flip it. A smart buyer will pick it up due to its location adjacent to the convention center (and on the monorail, making it convenient to all other strip hotels). Who knows what will happen then, it's possible they would tear it down and start over, so this review may be moot. . . Renovation was still under progress as we stayed there, which implies that they will keep it up, but our room was very good, and the renos were not intrusive. When the hotel was built 40 years ago, it was the largest in the world. Not it is the 15th largest in Las Vegas. This makes me suspect a new buyer will tear it down anyway. . . A few negatives; the track lights did not work, and the curtains were very hard to move. Walls were fairly thin. But the beds were great and the room was large (Grand Room). There were no bedbugs as has been reported in the past. We got a fantastic discount rate but normally in convention weeks the place is fairly pricey, you are paying for the convenience of the location. . . Be aware that the "$100 in coupons book" included with the deal is worthless. You have to pay a lot more than the coupon is worth to use it, and it was good only in their very expensive and mediocre in-house restaurants. . . It will be interesting to see what happens here.
My favorite hotel to stay at while in Vegas. I absolutely love LVH, formerly known as the Las Vegas Hilton. . . I, honestly, let everyone know about how awesome my stay was here.. . I fell in love with the bed & it's sheets; AWESOME! I was warm the whole night and wanted to bring the sheets home. But, no worries, I didn't.. . I didn't try the restaurants, I will on my next stay. I did try Pizza Hut, which was good. . . I love how this hotel isn't a "party" hotel. So it's pretty calm, which I'm a fan of.. . I have notice the price for LVH has drastically gone up since the whole ownership deal, which does suck.
What can I say? I only spent $189.00 for Fri, Sat, Sun and Monday night. I could not beat the price, the check-in staff was friendly and quick, housekeeping was on top of their game and the PRICE!!!! The restaurants are not good though and the casino does nothing for me, no winning, no nice decor, no friendly faces throughout, but the rooms were ok. Ours was a standard I'm sure, butall you need a room for in Vegas is to sleep so to me the more important things are service, affordability and conveniance and this place had all three. I have stayed at the Venetian as well and there is NO COMPARISON, so if you have unlimited funds and you want to spend 450.00 a night on a suite go to the Venetian. If price is the number one factor, stay at LVH!!!
we stayed here the first time we went to vegas together. it was last minute so we found the room for cheap on a travel search. we upgraded at check in which was a reasonable cost. we also got access to a private lounge. free food and alcohol was a plus, and we could take it back to the room. the hotel is huge, we got lost looking for the elevator a couple of times. and speaking of the elevator, the wait was crazy long sometimes. it was a big clean room, that was nicely decorated with a comfortable bed. the downside is that it was off the strip and the tram was having maintenance done.
If it's your first time in Vegas, perhaps you should stay on the strip. If you don't care about that and want to save your cash to spend on other things than "that place you might sleep a couple hours a night", read the last section of this review.. . I think most of the rooms have been renovated and at least have flatscreen TVs, refrigerators and a safe. Not the fanciest of rooms, but who comes to LV for the rooms? Hop on the monorail ($24 for 3 days unlimited) and take it to the strip. It runs til 3AM Fri-Sun so you can take plenty advantage of it. The coffee shop is kind of expensive for what it is and not impressive. Six of us agreed the best thing there were the onion rings. The deli by the sportsbook isn't bad if you're craving a sandwich. Benihana is always good. We didn't try the fancy schmancy restaurants here so I can't speak to them. So why 4 stars, you may ask? Well...it's the best deal for a room in Vegas if you're not getting comped. Here's what you need to do:. . Call the LVH and get transferred to the Players Club. Sign up for a card over the phone. You might need to be transferred to them by the reservations people, but they'll do it over the phone. Now that you have a card, you can book the better rates even though you've never even played there. I've successfully booked 3 nights with a bunch of free crap (buffets, drinks, spa, etc) for $155 total a number of times over the last year; you can get these rates for any night of the week, weekends included. You can get the same price for 4 nights without the extra crap they give you if you don't care about that stuff. Don't be persuaded into paying extra for a strip view over the phone. When you check-in, try the $20 trick (google it if if you're not familiar). High rate of success using this here between me and friends. Also, you can press a button on your hotel room phone to "go green" and if you forego a room cleaning, they'll leave a $10 voucher under your door that you can use for food anywhere in the hotel, This is awesome...so your second night there, take your voucher with you and go grab a free sandwich at the deli...you know you're gonna be wasted and have the munchies when you get back from wherever you're coming from.
This place is still classy, especially when compared to the nearby casinos (Circus Circus and Riviera).  The lobby and casino have that retro Vegas elegance.  The staff was very friendly, from check in, to wait staff, to the dealers.  We were there with our tween son, and we enjoyed the breakfast buffet, the casual restaurant, the Asian place and the steakhouse.  Our room (14th floor) was modern and did not look dated at all. The fitness center/spa was great to burn off the buffet calories and relax.  Note:  the "Strip View" is not what it used to be.  The new condos block much of the view.  Next time, I'll ask for a view of the mountains and golf course on the back side.
We got a $50 a night deal from Hotwire, and we enjoyed our stay.  The only negative were the late night dining options, and ridiculous price for wifi.
I like that this is away from the action a bit.  The pool is great, the monorail handy and the price is low.  The beds are comfy and by stays have always been good there.  It isn't flashy impressive when you say that's where you stay, but who cares, if you're just sleeping anyway?
Let us check in at 9am, friendly staff.  Decor a bit old, but very clean.  Looking forward to our stay
The price is good...The little club/bar oasis is open till 2am on fridays and if you are thinking that it will play a variety of music think again cause it looks like it caters only to one race...check it out and you will see.
I would have given this place 3 stars but it gets that fourth one because the sports book odds at this place ARE THE BEST IN THE CITY. I won an extra $100 just because the future odds of a team winning were 6-1 here versus 5-1 everywhere else at the time. (UK Wildcat basketball baby!!)
3.5 stars. Rooms are clean, spacious, and for the price (we paid $60 a night on a busy weekend) ... You just cannot beat that. Yes it's A little off strip but just drive down paradise to sands to koval and bam you're near planet Hollywood.
Great place to stay. Paradise cafe has a great surf and turf.
My first time in LVH - Las Vegas Hotel & Casino the rooms are great; clean with a view of the South. Food prices in the hotel are a little pricey.
A dear friend of mine escapes to Vegas every chance she gets.  I'd heard about the wonders of this hotel long before I had a chance to spend a night.  I'm happy that I had the chance, and I wish I had been able to see it in its prime.. . We were lucky.  We managed to snag one of the rooms on the third floor.  These rooms do not feature an amazing view, nor do they feature over the top decoration.  Instead they feature a quiet elegance alongside a bit of throwback charm.  I was so sorry to have to check out after my only night staying in this room, and when I make it back to Las Vegas, this is where I will head.. . The room was a split level, with the bathroom and beds at the top, then a few steps down to a small seating area and desk.  I was so pleased withwhat I found just outside the sliding glass doors. My own very private canopied lanai.  Just beyond my area was a walkway that ran the length of the hotel and connected all of the rooms on that side.  The walkway wrapped around the hotel and could easily have been used as a jogging path.  I believe it connected to the pool area, but did not have time to explore.  Next time!. . Las Vegas is an interesting place, and my constant traveling companion is my young son.  I don't gamble and I don't drink, so we spent most of our time in the hotel hanging out in the small cafe in the walkway.  We had so much fun watching the wide variety of people walk by.  Who needs an expensive show?  Ok, we needed an expensive show.  We did not get to see one here, sadly, but I was told that the hotel does still have big names, and that the theater is pleasant.  . . I was sad to see that the Star Trek themed lounge had been mostly dismantled.  It is now a strange mix of "display" and "disturbing" as a few of the electronic gizmos are still active in the bathroom.  Strange to be washing your hands and realize that there is a computer monitor behind the mirror.  As the code scrolled by, I realized that it might not be so sad that the displays had been removed.  . . The hotel has a stop on the monorail system.  I was not able to make use of this, and was sad not to see more people taking advantage.  It is another item on my list of things to try.  . . I found (as I often do) that the service was what will stay with me as I think back on my visit.  Because I was lucky enough to be with a friend who is a regular, I received service that was above and beyond.  (It might also have been partly influenced by the box of manapua I delivered to the front desk.  Always travel with goodies.  Always!) I know my friend well, and know that the service had to have started off well, as she would never have made this hotel a "home away from home" without this being the case.  Again, I look forward to my return visit, and expect that even without my friend by my side I will receive stellar service.. . LVH has plenty of life left, it simply needs to make it through the difficult transition from one brand to another.  I'm hoping that my next visit will be even better.
I had booked through hotwire, and after reading horrible reviews of this place, I was scared.  I knew from yelp to say yes and pay the $20 extra bucks a night for a room upgrade.  The room was nice and big, had a king bed, couch, desk, alarm clock, a big round bathtub, and a great view of the strip.  We stayed in room 138 on the 12th floor, right next to an elevator (which i had read was going to be torture because of the noise), but i barely heard a thing.  The walls are pretty thin, we could hear our neighbor's music, but we just kept the TV on and it was fine.  Downside there is no coffee pot in the room.  We didnt use internet since it wasnt free, and we didn't eat in any of the restaurants.  The bathroom was clean, overall we had a great stay.
Elvis fan here!  I stupidly missed seeing the statue they had here but I did want to stop by to be in the hotel where Elvis performed quite often.  I did find the lobby of the show room and peeked thru the slits in between the doors to see the event space, the lined seats and stage but I didn't get to see much. But it was all kind of surreal to think of his many, many fans standing in line, climbing the stairs, buying merchandise all full of excitement.. . I toured as much of the hotel as I could. I had time to kill. I bypassed the fast food station that you immediately see as you enter from the parking garage. The Wedding Chapel is then to your left and there is one room and a bridal room available. Event Planning research for me! They have special packages and you can also get married outside near a gazebo. Not the gazebo in between the hotel and the parking garage that you just came from. I confirmed that.. . I then found myself at the entry way to the many ballrooms and convention center. The doors were unlocked and the place was dark and deserted. I made my way in and the amount of available space was plentiful. In one room that I walked thru, I couldn't even see the corner in the darkness. That's how large it was and how small I felt. Each room and every few 100 feet hung a great chandalier. To think of many conventions, weddings, special events and seminars occupy this space often. I did double takes at the pay phones on the walls and the many bathrooms that were available. So much stuff!. . Eventually, I was done doing event planning research and taking photos of empty space and found myself playing Deuces Wild on a machine. I was waiting for the most senior cocktail waitress I've ever seen to ask if I needed anything. As she asked other people around me at other stations, she avoided me.Thanks, Lady. Thanks for nothing. I was really craving a spicy, virgin bloody mary. She deprived me. But I was doing well at the machine and cashed out with more money than I put in. Take that, LVH! All I wanted was a spicy virgin bloody mary!
Great deal.. . We were in Vegas for a yearly event and organizers scored a great deal with this hotel, yes great deal. The hotel itself is nice and the service is good and friendly.. . We get to the room and I didn't know what to expect. I was surprised. The room was big, clean well lit and a nice view to the pool. I definitely needed to check the bathroom, and it was super clean and nice. No complaints at all.. . My room wasn't too far from the elevator and I did not hear a thing. Maybe because by the time I got to the hotel the best part of the night was gone and drunk, who knows I had a great time and no problems with my stay at this hotel. . LVH, great deal
First of all let me say that while I am giving the LVH 4 stars, this is NOT a 4-star hotel. It is a 3 star hotel, maybe 3 1/2 tops, but I am giving them 4 stars for a few reasons.. . You probably already know this by now, but the LVH is the Las Vegas Hilton (convention center) rebranded. The slogan is "Same Fame, New Name." The slogan should be "New Name, Same Everything Else." Literally nothing has changed in the 6 months since they changed the name. If you were blind folded when you walked into the hotel and didn't see the sign outside, when you took the blind fold off inside you would never know that you weren't in the Hilton. That's not necessarily a bad thing, just a fact.. . They didn't remodel the rooms at all, but the Hilton rooms were fine. Good sized, clean enough, average bed. The only issue I have ever had with the Hilton/LVH's rooms is that they are almost all adjoining rooms. I don't like that as adjoining rooms are noisier but when I ask for a non-adjoining room I am told that the only non-adjoining rooms are by the elevators and you get extra elevator sounds. That is pretty sad. So just hope you don't get someone with kids in the adjoining room.. . Now the things I really like about the LVH, I almost always get discounted rooms there. I am a gambler and as a result get good prices. Last trip I paid $40 a night on the weekend! Try finding that deal anywhere else in Vegas. Additionally, they give you a "green" option where you can turn down maid service and as a thank you they give you $10 a day food vouchers for any restaurant/buffet. As a result, for me at least, the LVH is a damned good deal and I can save my money for other things like the slot machines.. . The LVH also gets brownie points for being one of the few hotels in Vegas where it doesn't take you 30 minutes to walk from your car to your room or to the casino. Most casinos make you walk through all their restaurants and stores to get to the casino. Not the LVH. Especially if you park in the back by the sports book. You are literally right there! Also, because it's not on the strip, traffic around the hotel isn't the zoo that it is at a lot of places. It's very easy to get in and out of the hotel.. . As for the casino, it has a good mix of slot machines with most, but unfortunately not all, of the newest games. They also have a good selection of table games but sadly no poker room. The sports book is nice and large with every betting option you can imagine. They also have a special smoke free area where you can hang out and watch a game.. . The pool area is nice. It's not on par with any of the bigger hotels, but again, it costs a lot less so if you really want the trendy kick ass pool party feel free to go somewhere else and pay three times as much.. . Oh yeah, the LVH has a monorail station too, making it easy to get to the strip without driving.. . If you are a first time visitor to Vegas I would suggest paying more and staying on the strip to get the full Vegas experience. If you are a Vegas regular the LVH is a great affordable option where you can save some money and have a stress free stay, but still be able to go do everything you want to do.
OK Folks so the Casino aspect of it sucks its like a black hole.  But the rooms for the price you pay you just cant beat stayed here for about a week. Here is the trick STAY IN THE NORTH TOWER! TIP THE FRONT DESK 20 DOLLARS AND ASK FOR AN UPGRADE. we had a giant room that had been updated recently with, flat screen TV. reading sofa, a nice desk, and a three person couch and still there was plenty of space. WE STAYED ON THE SIXTH FLOOR IN ROOM 6135.
Im very impressed with this place!!! We were a little unsure when we booked it because the price was so cheap. When we got to the hotel they offered to upgrade our room for free & also gave us a suite which usually goes for $249 a night!!!! Im not sure if we just got lucky but we paid only $30 a night on a room thats usually $249!!! The room was huge, clean and the bath tub was huge!! Unfortunately we didnt get a view of the strip but we got a peaceful view of a golf course and mountains. . . Overall, i was really impressed with the hotel & the hospitality. The restaurants in the hotel however is very expensive & not really worth it. The buffet was probably the only one we kept going back too.. . Best hotel in Las Vegas for this price range!!!!
After reading some of the reviews here, I'm wondering if I stayed in the same hotel.  Stayed here one night, 7/15, got an incredible price ($18!), fantastic room on the 26th floor, and couldn't have been more pleased.  As a local you get 25% off the food automatically, only one I consumed was the Sunday dinner buffet, and it was really good.  Gambling doesn't interest me, and I didn't come here to dine, but as far as a place to stay, it was an incredible deal.  Room was clean, nice, great view. loved the built in table along the length of the window (I even saw my laptops smile).. . Great bargain, no resort fees, good base to take off from...
We have stayed at this hotel twice now and had good experiences both times. Expedia set us up for less that $30.00 a night. Every other service including the hotel direct was $50.00 or more a night.  We got great rooms both times. 11th floor with pool view first time and 17th floor with golf course view and part of the city.  Pool has a happy hour run by a live disk jockey  where you get 2 for one drinks from 4p.m. to 8p.m. and lots of prizes. Large Shrimp cocktails for $2.00 each.  We won tickets to the Rich Little show and we told them we were not going to be there on the date we won so they told us to pick  any date and any show. We went to the Elvis show  that night and it was the best!  We also had dinner at their Noodle Restaurant  located over by their Benihana's and were not disappointed!  Best service I have ever had.
First hotel I ever stayed in Vegas (when it was the largest Hilton in the world). 3 of us split two adjoining rooms. I know some of the rooms are still out dated, but we had two updated rooms facing the mountains. . . I think the hotel it self is really only a 3 star Yelp rating, but I push it up to 4 for a factor of respect. Elvis used to play here...it was one of the first hotels of the new strip...the monorail runs into the hotel! . . The casino looks a little outdated. There is a Benihana Japanese Steakhouse (overrated) onsite and their swimming pool which isnt bad either. . . Pros: . . *No Resort Fees. *Away from the hussle and bussle of the strip...but on the monorail route to get you back in there when you're ready for more.. *Clean. *CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP Rates. . Cons:. . *If you want to be on the strip you're a few minutes away. *Not a ton to do in the hotel
LVH is getting an upgrade from me!. . I wound up getting a room at The LVH the other night.  I'm not going to lie, I wasn't expecting much.. . Well, I'm here to tell you I'm a believer in The LVH!  The room we stayed in was recently remodeled and very large and comfortable.  We had a standard room, but upgraded to the premium (as opposed to the classic). . . Here are the pros and cons of The LVH premium rooms and of the casino in general:. . Pros:. -Very spacious rooms, recently remodeled. -Flat screen TV with plenty of channels. -Comfortable bed. -Well-lit bathroom, large shower, vanity mirror, and real hairdryer . -Room and bathroom were spotless. -Friendly employees at check-in, easy to check-in. -Lots of deals to the restaurants for staying at the casino. -No ridiculous resort fee like every other casino in Vegas charges their customers. -It has a Vegas Monorail station. -Very close to Convention Center. . Cons:. -Furniture a little worn. -Bathroom could be a little bigger. -Radio needs replaced with an iPod docking station. -Could hear the neighbors at 3 in the morning drunkenly talking about their exploits in Vegas. -Shower was cold at night (but was fine in the morning). -Getting to the parking lot is a hike. -Check-in and check-out can get heavily backed up. -Casino is far from everything else in Vegas. -Casino is seriously lacking restaurant choices and interesting bars/lounges to spend the evening. . Basically it comes down to this: Are you ok with driving or riding the monorail to visit the rest of Vegas and to get dinner?  If you are, you will save a ton of money staying here without sacrificing a comfortable place to stay.  We really enjoyed our room and on the Thursday night we were there we paid only $40.  $40 after tax!  The hotels on The Strip were going to cost at least $80 a night after resort fees and taxes, and that was for the Excalibur and Luxor which have older rooms than The LVH.  . . If you are more concerned about convenience and don't want to worry about getting in a car to find dinner, then I would think about staying somewhere on The Strip.  If you would only be taking a cab to get around, you're going to lose a lot of the money you are saving on a room, so - again - I would think about staying somewhere else.. . I really hope The LVH gets some new bars and restaurants soon to make their casino more of a destination that people would want to stay at.  Until then, I just have to take it for what it is: a nice hotel with an ok casino that's far from the real action in Vegas.. . Four stars based off of quality of room and price I paid.  Still sticking with my two previous stars based off the casino alone.
I would say this hotel is a solid 3.5 stars! I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews but it is definitely NOT as bad as people make it out to be. I wouldn't dare compare it to Bellagio, Palazzo, Wynn...or any of those top notch hotels but in comparison to Riviera, Flamingo, Imperial, and those type of establishments...LVH holds up for sure! I've lodged in some of the best and worst hotels in Vegas and I would stay at LVH again solely on the quality that is given for the price. My bf and I paid $40/night (Thursday-Sunday). Can't find that bargain at Imperial which is such a trashy hotel. The rooms at LVH are big, clean, and the beds are very comfortable. The North Tower has all remodeled rooms but of course they are more expensive. . . The hotel itself is not exciting but the Oasis club was poppin' on Friday night. They do have a HUGE sports book, the casino is not that big, and the buffet is a good deal. Checking in was flawless and they were friendly, I never waited more than 30 seconds for the elevators, the parking structure is very close to the hotel. There are tennis courts and the pool is cool. Happy hour every day at the pool from 4p-8p, dj spins, 2 for 1 drinks, and $2 shrimp cocktails...I had a blast lounging at the pool all day. . . Best feature would have to be the monorail...it's INSIDE the hotel next to the Oasis club and is very convenient for getting to the strip. LVH doesn't have much excitement within walking distance so it's cool to ride the monorail. Single ride is $5 or there are unlimited usage passes to buy. Who goes to Vegas to stay in the room all day anyway?...LIVE IT UP!!!. . Tip: GO GREEN (opt-out of housekeeping) every day and the hotel gives you $5 for food or $10 for slot play each say you opt-out. Pretty cool...I don't need housekeeping just fresh towels and emptied trash. . . As a first-timer maybe a strip hotel would be better but as a repeat offender...I mean visitor ;) ...LVH is a good deal! Give 'em a try!
Formerly the Las Vegas Hilton, the Las Vegas Hotel is a great place to stay. Although it is a ways away from the main strip, it is located at a stop on the tram and offers a variety of restaurants, clubs, etc. my husband and I even booked our wedding through the Chapel here. Highly recommend. . . I knocked it down a star because I think I got lost every time I tried to go back to my room. It can get confusing in the towers!
I admit I was a little leery of booking at this hotel based on some of the reviews I have read online, many said that since the hotel is no longer a Hilton hotel it has gone downhill fast. But I decided to give it a shot anyway because they had a great rates for Labor Day weekend. . . When we arrived, parking in the garage had me a little concerned, I didn't see a security presence at all and it seemed a bit sketchy, but ultimately my car was fine when we left. The the staff wasn't super friendly during check in (not surprising during labor day weekend) and much of the clientele looked shady, but the room was great! Very large room, very very very comfortable bed, I wanted to take that bed home with me. I was really impressed by the room, the decor was nice - may be left overs from the Hilton days? My only complaint is the room smelled a little musty, almost like it used to be a smoking room but it wasn't that bad that it overshadowed or was uncomfortable. . . I also loved the access to the monorail, it was super convenient since the hotel is on the northeast side of the Strip, it made getting to the other hotels so much cheaper and faster than taking cabs. We didn't spend much time in the casino so no real comments there but I would definitely stay here again.. . If you are looking for an inexpensive stay in Vegas, I would definitely recommend LVH.
The LVH what was the HILTON, yes the Hotle is old and needs work but nothing beats the VIP service when i arrived on a friday and there were lots of people standing in line to check in maybe a 100 or so i went to the VIP room got my room in minutes and the people were still in line. The Hotel needs to add more slots not remove more for dancing this is one bad decision. There was a day i would never leave the hotle and play all day for days at a time, but now i go to the monorail and go to other casinos and i do enjoy this new experience now. I had a great time went to the MMA match had front row seats took lots of pic's met some very nice people. The next night i went to the Rich Little show my VIP comp got me front row seats again and just loved the show Rich Little the master of voices he had me rolling in the aisles a must see cant wait to go back and see this show agian. I met Steve Rossi and told him how much i enjoyed the show im hoping to see this show at The LA MIRADA  THEATRE . I critique musical's, movie's, fine dinning, hotel's and event's so im always networking. I went to my favorit Steak House TJ'S  and had a great dinner, porterhouse, salad and dessert just fabulous i talked to Iralee ( manager ) and Cheryl two wounderful ladie's. The parking is the best thing at this hotel yes it is full but if one gets a spot its right in back of the hotel im handicapped, The Paradise cafe is great for brunch and so is the buffet. I had the pleasure of meeting Max and Jojo this little dog ( jojo ) will take pic's  with you i just love this little guy. I stayed at 5 casinos this trip and was on a 15 day tour, I freelance on facebook so no pay. But i love what i do.
I've stayed here before when it was the Hilton in one of the upgraded rooms and liked it, so I pounced on the groupon for the suite for a weekend. We got the junior suite, as I was told that the Lanai is more romantic and there is absolutely no romance involved on a trip with 4 dudes(I went with my dad and brothers. We do love each other, but not like that). Not quite what I was expecting. They were basically connecting rooms with one having a smaller bed. Still, the 2 micro fridges worked, the place was very clean and comfortable, and it was pretty nice. One room had bubble jets in the tub. We were on the 30 something floor and had a view of the strip from our rooms. The rest of the property seemed to still be the same. The sports book is still huge and the sports book deli was still delicious. The prices were higher than I wanted to pay at first, but when we got our food, the taste and portion size was very worth it. The chili cheese fries and the cheese steak hit the spot. We didn't try the buffet, so I can't comment on that. Also I liked the convenience of the monorail. I still think this is a good off the strip spot, and I would stay here again.
Third time staying here and the staff did not disappoint once again. They actually took it up a notch. I was only in for two nights to celebrate my daughters 30th birthday. But the staff at check in managed to upgrade my room two bumps and hooked us up with a suite and compted the second day. The room usually went for 220 a night and I got the room for 130 for two night. Clean, Pool Level, Huge lots of space, slept 8 people not by choice but that's what it did. The Lounge bar tenders really can hook up a drink or two. Stong with some punch! I'll definately be coming back. Keep sending me those deals LVH. Cheers!
34$ a night .. what could be better ? . . - a very neat and non-smoking room with view on the strip,. - a pool with specials on drink all day, . -10$ rebates on breakfast if you go green (which brings down the price of the room to an awesome 24$ a night). . Also, free parking & valet. Oh and the train ferry passing right into the hotel, no need to walk ! . . We were really really satisfied. the service staff was nice. . . -1 for no mini bar in the room and for the paid wifi
If you want to get away from the strip this is a great place to go as it's more of a locals casino. However due to the many conventions the LVCC has, it can be pretty crowded at times. Keep that in mind when you're booking your rooms.. The rooms themselves are great. The are spacious & comfortable. The beds are comfy & it's quiet so alot of the noise you will not hear from the hallway.. The LVH honors what the Hilton did previously which will provide a $5 voucher to be used anywhere there is food in the casino for not having your room cleaned. Follow the directions & you could get a free breakfast everyday! . The casino itself is smaller than most, but it's not meant to be a party place. It has several eateries such as Pizza Hut, the Sports Bar, and a couple more casual dining places, along w/ a great buffet that offers beer & wine w/ dinner. A large sports book, a wedding chapel, and giftshops. The staff is friendly & happy to help.. If you're a local looking for a staycation, ask about their locals deals, they usually have one.
LVH is a toss up between a 3 stars and 4 stars. I opted for 4 stars because my experience wasn't just "ah ok" . . . and I believe I can say I am more of a fan than not.. . We were staying in Las Vegas for a family reunion and all the hotels my family prefers couldn't accommodate the size of my family (5 adults) at a reasonable price. Most hotels wanted to give us 2 rooms for about $100-$130 a night each, not awful but nothing special.. . We came across a deal at LVH for a hotel suite for $124 a night which came with 3 queen beds, which was outstanding when comparing it to the offers of the other hotels. We booked 2 nights in the suite, however when we got there we opted out of the 2nd night because most of our family was heading back the next day so it would've been pointless for us to stay. They gave us no problems when it came to canceling; we didn't even have todeal with a cancellation fee which is rare.. . The LVH is off the strip and probably not walking distance to the strip for most people. . . The overall hotel is quite big in my opinion; they have different towers, stores and structures which makes it feel like any other hotel on the strip. They have slots, tables, electronic poker and a sports bar. Their sports bar is probably one of the nicest I have seen in a long time. They have scoreboards nicely organized with all the bets as well as multiple big screens displaying different games. They also had individual cubicles where you can sit and research different teams and their stats. . . The Room. Our suite was far from a suite . . . it was two separate hotel rooms connected with a conjoining door in both rooms. One room was a regular King Bedroom and the other was a regular Two Queen Bedroom. Essentially we got two rooms for practically the price of one. Technically, I should have been upset because we didn't get exactly what we were promised. However, I think we ended up with something better. We were able to separate ourselves from my parents as well as have our own bathroom. . . Complaints. Like others have said on here the bathroom has a few flaws. Our showerhead was extremely weak and made it extremely hard for me to wash my hair and the drain in the tub was really slow. . . to the point were water wasn't going down in a steady flow. Normally I wouldn't complain about this but my parents noticed the same thing in their rooms.. Another issue I had with the LVH was that housekeeping came knocking at our door at 9a.m. I understand that they might want to get a head start on their day but honestly what are the chances the guest are gone at 9a.m. especially in Las Vegas. It might be a smart idea to see who checked-out before entering someones room.. . Tip . They don't have resort fees.. They give you $5 off if you "Go Green" by opting out of housekeeping.. It's a lot quieter than other hotels but still has the feel of a hotel on the strip.. Make sure to run from the toilet when you flush that bad boy is POWERFUL!
I don't get the hate. The rooms are more than decent, the sports book amazing, the spa nice, the price unbeatable for the quality.  I don't think I've ever paid over $45 for this property. If you want a better hotel, pay an extra 20-25 (not including resort fee) and stay at the mirage, or do some heavy research online. When I need a quick place to sleep for an overnight trip, this is my place. I wouldn't go here to impress my wife, but for a cheap trip and a comfy bed it's tough to beat.
Descent place to stay!
Very good hotel that totally exceeded my expectations.  . . I was nervous to book at LVH because of the other reviews on yelp. After I read the reviews, I still booked a  premium room.  I know, that is a risk but I did it.  Trying to live my chaotic life on the edge, I became extremely nervous about my choice however, the price was totally awesome and I am not one to pass up a deal.  . . The front lobby area was very clean and I was greeted by a very nice agent.  He was so nice and funny.  He upgraded my room to a suite as well as gave me deals to various amenities within the hotel.  The suite that I stayed in was totally worth my money.  It was spacious and beautiful.  My husband I were visiting for his birthday. I was so amazed at the service that we receivedas well as the open suite model that we stayed in.  . . The only reason that I am not giving the hotel 5 stars is due to their club scene.  The club called Oasis or hoasis is not a place that you want to be if you are a respectable person with dignity and self worth.  The club inside of the hotel is for the ratchet and raggedy crowd.  On a Saturday night, it makes the hotel look like a run down motel.  I was so happy that we left and went to the strip for some fun rather than to stay and take in the hotel hoedown.
I stayed here immediately before Christmas and had a good experience. The staff was extremely helpful at check in and courteous and efficient at all times. My room was good-sized, clean and perfectly functional. The best feature of this place is that is a bit off the Strip so it's not overrun with party animals. Thanks to the monorail station in the hotel, though, the main Strip is easily and safely accessible.. . If I find myself headed to Las Vegas again, I'll probably stay at the LVH.
I spent less than $100 total by booking a room for Saturday and Sunday night. It wasn't until after I paid the fee did I notice all of the negative reviews on here and other sites. I was, however, very pleasantly surprised with my positive experience. I was initially a bit put off by the hotel clerks at check-in for their lack of politeness, but after seeing our room (which was VERY clean - we checked for bed bugs, stains, etc.), I was happy that I decided to stay here. The monorail was also very convenient (although pricy at $5 one-way) and I felt as though the location of the hotel was far enough from the main strip to feel like I was getting away from the noise. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel for the quality and price.
Fantastic quality for an amazing price.  Today's best value in Vegas by far. Our room was nicely appointed and very spacious. Everything was in good condition.  Truly 4 star quality rooms.  As I mainly used the hotel as a crash pad, I can' t comment on other ammenities.  Booking through Travelocity, it came to an amazing average $32/night with a special that was running but if I had paid twice that it still would have been a steal! I've paid more for Motel 6 and this was once the Hilton!
This hotel is truly nothing special by Vegas standards, but how can you complain about $40 a night premium rooms so close to the strip, with tram access?. . If you need a place to crash that is cheap and clean, this place is great.
LVH was The Hilton and the home of so many amazing performers and events.  The hotel is off the strip and massive in size.  Elvis called this home for many years and his massive suite is still around and available to be checked in.   It was the former home of the Star Trek Freaks that came to owe homage to their show.  Now the Trekie room is now lounging with a very confused personality. . . The entertainment that they bring in is great and their steakhouse is YUMMY.   The people watching in the lobby can be out of this world. You will get every type of tourist walking by.
I went yesterday to Vegas for the Platform Shoe Show, and had the best buffet breakfast in years! at this hotel.. For $16 that was out of this planet! they made my scramble eggs just the way i like them "2 eggs, with grilled veggies, and mushrooms" Yummy! their fruit was fresh and not from a can, a great selection of sweets and the service was very attentive. Very impressed with this place.. Why 4 stars? well, the place needs to be renovated, its a little run down, but then the price would not be that good anymore right?. Will go back for sure.
Did the Sunday Brunch as the line at Palms looked to be over an hour.  Good food/drink/service for price.  Will definitely come back, omelete station was done perfectly.
We got rooms for $35 a night on a weekend....you can't beat that in Vegas! This hotel is right next to the LV Convention Center so if you're here for an event there, this is the perfect place to stay. It's really not far from the strip either, just a block. . . The rooms here are clean and you can tell have been renovated. we were lucky to have gotten a room where the building curves, so our room was actually bigger than our friend's room just a few doors down. the staff up at registration desk are pretty friendly, even when we had an issue with our check-in/check out, they immediately fixed the problem.. . the casino isnt exciting and glitchy like the ones on the strip but if you just want to do a quick gamble, there are plenty of machines and tables. we took advantage of the happy hour at the Vince Neil Cantina and also did some wine tasting at the Wine and Coffee bar called Fortuna near the main lobby.. . if i can stay here for the price we got every time i come to Vegas, i would definitely come back each and every time!
My hubby and I stayed at LVH in the beginning of February 2013 as we celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary at our most favorite place in the whole wide world...VEGAS!!! With that being said, when reading this review, please keep in mind that we have stayed at many different hotels throughout  the years.  . . After reading mixed reviews about this property, we were cautiously anxious on how our stay would be. To our pleasant surprise, this off-strip property did not disappoint us as it seemed to others. Of note, it seems most people tend to stay in the "regular", cheaper, non-suite type rooms so that may have made a difference between our stay and theirs.  Maybe we were just lucky or maybe others are just hypercritical, I can't comment on others' experiences with LVH. Either way, our stay was pleasant, comfortable, and very enjoyable.  We were treated to a North Tower Suite which totaled more than a 1000 square feet of living space with a beautiful view of the Las Vegas Country Club, where we played a round of golf at during our stay. Our room included a full-sized wet bar in our living room, along with a murphy bed and comfy chairs and couches, two full bathrooms, a king sized bed in our bedroom, two flat screen TVs (one in the living room and one in our bedroom), a desk where you could do some work if needed, and a refrigerator.  Our room, on arrival, was very clean.  Yes, the furniture in our suite was a little outdated for 2013, but one must remember that the LVH is an older property so it should be expected.  Despite the furniture lacking a modern flair, they were all in good repair, and most importantly, clean and comfy! We had no problems relaxing in our suite each night, as we had a nice and quiet stay.  . . LVH has a unique "Go Green" program where they give their guests vouchers for either food or casino play for each day that you decline housekeeping services.  We thought it was a pretty cool program and took full advantage of it. Both we and the environment prospered from this! . . I enjoy my daily morning workouts before starting my day, so I paid to workout at their fitness center.  I bought the 5 day gym pass so it only costed me $15 a day to workout.  You get a discount if you purchase gym passes in a batch rather than a single pass. The more days you buy, the bigger the discount! The fitness center admission includes use of their cardio and weights, along with their spa facilities and an area to freshen up with lockers and showers that is stocked with lotion, mouth wash, hair spray, blow dryers and the like to pretty yourself out after your workout.  The spa areas are not coed.  I'm a runner, so my main focus for using the fitness center was for the treadmills and elipticals. They have about 6 treadmills and two elipticals. I also train my lower body so I used some of the weight machines as well. There is a water cooler in the fitness room so you can stay hydrated pre, during, and post workout. This is not the biggest or fanciest workout facility, but it serves it's purpose well, is clean and well maintained, and is not overly crowded so getting on a machine is not much of a problem. Basically, it is, what it is.   . . Check in/out was seamless and quick and all of the staff at LVH are courteous, helpful, friendly, and professional. We were quite  impressed with exceptional customer service of the hotel and casino staff.  There is ample amount of parking and if staying in the North Tower as we had, the walk to and from the parking structure was minimal.  There are no resort fees at this hotel and the price you pay per night for a room here is a great value.  This is by far no Bellagio or Wynn, and they don't claim to be, but if it's good value, good customer service, clean, quiet, and comfy rooms that you're looking for, look no further, as LVH is the answer.  Give this property a chance and see for yourself what they have to offer. You may be a pleasantly surprised as we were!
I was skeptical about staying here after reading all the reviews but it was the hotel my son's basketball team was staying at and of course we wanted all the kids to be together. I thought it was a nice decent hotel and it was pretty cheap. My room was clean, large LCD TV, had a mini fridge and a safe, AC worked perfectly, the restroom was big and clean. The service was great! They have a good selection of restaurants from a steak house to pizza hut. I liked the fact that it was off the strip due to the traffic. I love the no resort fees and the valet parking...I gave it a 4 stars because the self parking is a pretty long walk if you are not on the north tower but over all it was a good experience!
I booked two nights through LivingSocial for only $56 (no resort fees) for Easter weekend and also spring break week for most college students. most hotels started out in the $100s (some with resort fees) for the days I wanted to book.. . The hotel wasn't bad at all like what other people have reviewed here. Maybe I got lucky?. . Our room was located in Central Tower and my only complaint would be that we chose the room next to the elevator since it was the only non-smoking and King size bed they had. You can hear the elevator from your room going up and down, though it wasn't loud enough to keep me awake at night.. . The rooms actually looked like the pictures we saw online and it was clean and nicely arranged.. . The hotel is conveniently connected to the monorail, so despite this hotel not being near the center of the strip, the monorail took care of that.. . If I were to visit Vegas again I would definitely stay at LVH if there was another good deal like the one I got from LivingSocial.
This is a pretty nice hotel.  It is comfortable and quiet.  The pool is very nice.  Just get there when it opens or all of the chairs will be occupied.  The room was clean and nice, similar to the photos on the hotel's website.  It is located off the main strip, but it is very easy to access and has a Monorail stop on site that will take you to the main strip.  The casino is clean.  Employees were friendly and helpful.  Expect long lines at check in (I think I waited about 30 minutes).  I'd definitely stay there again.
I never give a hotel 5 stars. To me there is no such thing. My experience with this hotel was nice. I loved our room. It was clean and roomy. Courteous staff. Off the strip (a plus in my book). I was thoroughly happy with my experience!
Not as bad as people make it seem. Was there this weekend for a basketball tournament and it's not far from the strip at all, it's literally a block away. Rooms was clean and we had a great view to the strip. Food there was not really good though, but other than that no complains.
I like their Buffet, small but all the food very good except for the Salmon, which used to be good. Also sadly missed the Lamb Chops they used to put out.  Never a wait to eat at the buffet.  Fairly priced for the quality they have. All the Beer and  wine you can drink.
Just back from an anniversary weekend and Vegas and used my special rates at the Hilton.  Because I have been staying this hotel for 12 years, I receive really low rates most times so my review could be a bit bias, however, if I had spent more for the rooms, my review would not change by much.  That being said, the rooms are just fine!  Clean, good sized and modern.  My shower curtain bothered me because there were some splotches that I didn't make but, they immediately replaced it when I commented on it.  The low points actually deal more with the casino than the rooms.  They have greatly reduced the size of the gaming area and its disappointing.  They should add more games and bring back slots to the space quest bar and OPEN the dang bar up during the days .  some of my best memories are on one of those bar stools in the early hours of the morning. lastly, some one on this site said that the LVH does not give out free drinks while playing slots, only tables.  what BS!  Indeed they do, and Plenty.  Give them a try.
I am currently having a great experience here at the LVH.  I got a really reasonable rate from Olotels.com from the Travigo website.  The check-in service was fast and simple.  Ria was the person who helped me, she did a wonderful job answering my questions.. . While I'm not a hotel snob by any means, I got a much nicer room than I expected with plenty of room for activities ala Step Brothers.. . The only negative is the casino itself which has weird minimum procedures for some table games.  For example, during the day if you walk up when craps is $5 minimum, you can play $5 for the rest of the time you're at the table, when everyone else is at 10 minimum.  Additionally, late night they change the two craps tables to 15 and 25 which is outrageous for a non-4 or 5 star place in LV.
Ok James Bond fans, here it is The Whyte House from Diamonds are Forever! This is the hotel used for the exterior shots. When the film was shot it was owned by Howard Hughes (a personal friend of film producer Cubby Broccoli) and it was called The International. Check it out, just don't go climbing around the penthouse.  Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
So I'm not going to lie, after seeing quite a few negative reviews for LVH I was a bit hesitant to stay here, but my friends and I happened to get a pretty spiffy deal off of  Expedia. That being said I actually this hotel wasn't bad at all!. . First off the food choices were great. On the weekends they have Champagne Brunch's, under $20 for all the delicious food you can eat and endless mimosas can you say winning? Also tried their new burger joint, the burgers were great and so where the crab cakes and nachos.  . . Really enjoyed the pool was actually pretty nice, wasn't your packed out Vegas pool party but a great place relax and take in the sun. The also had a happy hour with some pretty good drink specials which is always a plus. . As for the room, I thought it was pretty nice, plenty of space, comfortable beds and a gorgeous view! One thing I really enjoyed about this hotel was that it was smoke free which was great as a non smoker when roaming around the hotel.. . The one disadvantage was its is not walking distance to the strip (Expedia said it was), so we did have to take a cab or the monorail to get to all the Vegas action. None the less still had a great stay here, didn't think it was bad at all.
We booked two rooms in June because of a great deal from Benihana, one of our favorite restaurants.  For some reason, it was the only hotel on or near the strip that had rooms under $90 a night so my family of five booked two nights and my brother's family of 4 booked for four nights.  . . Parking was free and abundant.  The pool area was clean and nice.  They had 2 for 1 specials for happy hour and I enjoyed the refreshing misters.. . The rooms were decently cleaned but in need of updating and new carpeting.  I spoke with someone at the front desk who told me that that the new owners were putting money into the property and our rooms had not been updated yet.  Oh, well.  The beds were comfortable and the room a decent size.  A roll away bed was brought up when requested and it was very comfy which was a nice surprise since I was the one who used it.  Whenever we talked with the staff, we were treated politely and professionally.. . Benihana was wonderful and delicious.  The waitress told us that it was the largest in the world.  The buffet breakfast the next day was abundant and reasonably priced at $19.99 for adults and $9.99 for kids.. . I would stay here again and hope to get an updated room.
Nice hotel for a great price. Ask to be in the renovated tower when checking in because not all rooms are fully renovated!
Ok, first off this review is written after I have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions. Probably 4 or 5 times. I got a great rate for a standard room on getaroom.com. When I checked in I was given the keys to room 2109 in the Central Tower, which is what I paid for, standard. When I got up to my room, I was thoroughly disappointed, It was one of the older rooms that had not been upgraded. I tried to talk myself into toughing it out, but after about 15 minutes I decided I couldn't take it. I went back downstairs and got an upgraded room for an additional $ 20 a night and it was well worth it. The upgraded rooms are par for the course for a Las Vegas 4 star hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean and it has a number of restaurants to choose from. It's only a block away from the Strip and is a very comfortable stay. When you book, avoid booking just a standard room and if you get room 2109 in the Central Tower immediately ask for an upgraded room. If you don't, you might seriously consider suicide, lol.
My husband and I came here recently and thought that is was a great deal and loved the location off the strip. I will preface this by saying we were here for our friend's bachelor and bachelorette parties and we both do not like Vegas and do not come here, if we can avoid it!  I am surprised at some of the poor reviews. I am guessing those people are expecting the Mirage or the Palazzo?? Our room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the pool was great. This is definitely the type of hotel I remember coming to as a child, before Vegas turned into the the mayhem it is today. For the price and location, I thought it was a great deal. In addition, the monorail has a stop in the hotel. This is a great, less expensive way to get to the strip. We really liked that it didn't feel like the disaster we find on the strip!
I dont know where all these bad reviews are coming from. I stayed here for 2 nights in a reg room during the weekend and it was perfect. Spacious, clean, carpet was not stained like a lot of you state. Bed was super comfy. Only complaint was the cable wasnt working on the flat screen, so we called the front desk and they sent someone right away to fix it. He was very nice and fixed the problem right away. Every staff member I encountered was very nice. The pool was cool. Not your typical Vegas pool party type, but the crowd was mostly adults and the DJ played a little bit of everything. Cant beat 2 for 1 drinks at the bar either. Didnt win any money on ANY slots or Black Jack ha so that sucked. Oh and if you are a Motley Crue head like myself Vince Neil has a mexican Cantina with 2 happy hours daily that was awesome. So the people giving bad reviews I take it are snobby, never satisfied type people because I loved this place :)
I have to up my review of the LVH by one star because they have moved the statue of Elvis back into the entrance of the hotel/casino near where it used to be for years before they moved it outside.  I always enjoy watching tourists and now it's a bit easier with the statue in casino entrance.. . I hope the move was not for the month of August when there's a lot of Elvis interest because of his death in August.  The statue deserves to be in the LVH where he performed so many times.. . Elvis hasn't left the building!
Don't fool yourself, this is a decent hotel that usually comes at a cheap price. Benefits: low price, on the monorail, excellent happy hour specials, decent room, comfy beds, clean. Downfalls: low price can mean some unsavory guests, resort fees don't make much sense since it is not a resort, small pool, small bathroms. We always stay here when we're in town, because we can get good happy hour specials (especially the appetizers and margaritas at Vince Neil's cantina) and the hotel has easy access to the monorail. Frankly, we aren't in Vegas for the hotel room. Last time we were there, they didn't have a resort fee ($18-20 a day), so maybe they are going to do some renovations to make the resort fee make sense.
It is a little off the strip,  but they provide a monorail service from LVH to the strip for only $5 (that runs daily, every 7 minutes). It isn't the nicest Vegas has to offer, but the price point is spot on/great value. If you're on a budget, then this is a place I'd recommend.
My GF and I like this hotel because it's cheap, casino has good games and has a variety of restaurants. We have stayed here twice because of groupons we bought. Decent size rooms and clean but too bad the standard rooms don't have fridges. It's near the strip behind the Wynn and Encore so the location isn't bad but if you want to stay right on the strip this isn't the place for you.
Like a hotel & casino that doesn't smell overwhelmingly like cigarettes and air freshener? then stay at the LVH! Walk through the casino floor without wanting to vomit. . . Stayed here recently and I'm glad I did. I walked through a lot of hotel casino's of around the same price range and all the other places reeked!!! Its nauseating how disgusting the other places smelled! and they looked drab, old and sad! But the LVH looked fresh, spacious, clean, modern! . . It's about a mile walk to the main main area of the strip! but as a New Yorker 1 mile is nothing! so my chum and i walked back and forth constantly. But if you want to walk from the hotel and walk the whole strip to the end that is 3.5 miles while we also walked a couple of times! Taxi's are available everywhere for those too tipsy to walk back. Surprisingly the taxi's were very affordable unlike everything else in Las Vegas.. . Anyway, the hotel is pretty huge! they have 5 wings I believe. I was in the central wing and i was in a standard king room. King bed, tv, drapes that open and close with a switch, a whirlpool tub that felt amazing! and it was pretty spacious. I loved having the room all to myself! I didn't feel unsafe at all in this hotel. If you can ask for room 2349! you wont regret it.. . There's loads of restaurants in the hotel. Oh, a huge plus is that if you choose NOT to have your room cleaned in the morning then they give you a 9 dollar voucher that you can use in any restaurant/cafe in the building. I used it for breakfast and ate for free! So that's a nice option to have because who really needs their room cleaned every morning anyway? I certainly don't! . . you get free wifi for one device if you pay the resort fee which i believe everyone pays at check in. . . so, i recommend this hotel. BUT if you're not used to walking a lot and don't want to spend money on taxi's back and forth then don't stay here. but, for those who don't mind spending money, or walking then choose this gem! It's not a party hotel. There are no clubs here which can also be nice because you can leave the party outside and come back to a nice safe, quiet hotel.
Not a bad hotel at all.  The best detail is that it's near the convention center so convenient for those attending the center's events.  The Self-Parking structure isn't located miles from the casino so another plus.  The room I had was decent, furnished with comfortable beds and plush pillows.  The A/C worked great.  The TV was decent size and in working order.  . . Two complaints: the water pressure on the shower head was weeeaaaakkkk.....very annoying for me.  The hotel's gym is totally laughable. It's more like a "play area" than a gym.. . As far as restaurants, there are better options than the ones inside this hotel.
I have stayed at the LVH multiple times since the big "name change"  from "Las Vegas Hilton" and my experience has mostly been positive, especially considering the value to cost ratio. ($69 to $99 per night) - depending upon the time of year and days of the week.  The staff has always been helpful and friendly!  The long lines for check-in are normal for many mid-range hotels, but still annoying. Also, I am a big fan of air conditioning, and sometimes I have to request to switch rooms as my current assignment was "hot". (they have always obliged and facilitated my hot flashes) Finally, I am a water pressure snob, and sometimes the water pressure isn't the best. That that happens...even at $300.00 a night.  Nonetheless, the LVH  has been helpful and accommodating regardless of my personal needs.  I would recommend the upper rooms in the north tower which are a premium.  Those seem to be the most newly renovated (with the best "cool" air and the best water pressure) Still a "bargain" as compared to most Las Vegas hotels.  Bonus....the upgrade offered at "check-in" for $10.00 a night are usually worth the extra expense.  Also..FYI...if you booked your room through whatever source, and are required to pay the "resort fee" (see the fine print) That gives you free wi-fi for one device per night.  YAY....savings.   They don't always tell you about this.  :)  Happy Travels.
I was surprised to read the negative reviews here, I actually really enjoyed my stay here. The room was very nice, a couch, a refrigerator, nice bathroom couldn't ask for more. I have stayed at many hotels and wouldn't normally stay here but my brother is a regular gambler here and when I come with him this is where we always stayed. I love having the monorail right at the doorsteps, sure beats driving especially after a night out.
I am soooo surprised by the reviews!!! What's going on here?. . Cheap, clean, and monorail? How can you hate on this place?. . Yes, I will return and I hope my experience does not change, that would be a shame.
Compared to the basic rooms in some of the bigger name hotels like Monte Carlo (needs updating) or Excalibur (ugly rooms) this room was very nice. The hotel has some amenities of larger hotels but on a smaller scale nice pools, casino and restaurants. The staff that I encountered were nice and helpful. . . A few things that I did not like were I didn't see any food for sale at the pool bar which isn't really resort like and there was a space under my room door open to the hallway. The hallway was really noisy at night so there wasn't much of a sound barrier, and I could smell smoke in my room a lot. Other than that I like it and would stay there again if I can really get a non smoking room. I also noticed that the elevators were slow on a busy weekend. It seemed like they weren't all working. . . A friend said she had to wait over 20 minutes for eggs and toast in the restaurant for breakfast only restaurant info that I can offer.. Overall good and close to the strip.
Nice hotel doesn't get crazy so you can definitely relax after a night out or a long day on the strip. If you are planning on spending most of your time on the strip, this hotel is a little far expect to spend about twelve bucks plus tip to get there. Other than that no complaints, great price for a comfy, spacious room. I stayed at a premium room at LVH and it was more than enough. Big bed, tv in front, affordable spa facility for relaxation and big mirror to get ready :)
