Of the three buffets we went to, we had to wait the longest for Le Village. But let me tell you, it was definitely worth the wait! Go there for brunch and enjoy the bottomless mimosas. I don't care if you're still hungover from the previous night's antics, brunch isn't the same without mimosas! . . Most of the food was really good. My friends went nuts for the snow crab legs. We had plates and plates of those. No shame in our game! I'm not a shellfish kind of girl, but even I will admit that they were good. The steamed mussels and prime rib were really good as well. The quality and presentation of the food was spectacular. (Avoid the sushi they have in the corner; I know you did not just stand in line for over an hour to eat subar sushi!). . The dessert bar was amazing as well! They make the best creme brulee here, really! The pecan pie and frozen chocolate custard (with a sprinkle cone) are delicious too.. . I love the outfits that the hostesses and waitresses wear! Very apropos for the village theme they have going on here.
4-stars for the breakfast & brunch.. HIghlighted by the crepe buffet.. Never had dinner here.
Good quality food, good mixture.  Crepe bar is nice and some solid mediteranean selections.  The lamb was excellent and prime rib is a go.  One of the better buffets in town.
I like this buffet! Went here once and would definitely go again.. . We were staying in Paris back in 2009 so we decided to try out the buffet. When we got down there, the line was so long! It was a Sunday morning after all. To the left of the buffet, they have a special line where youp ay about $10 more and you get to skip right to the front of the line. Totally worth it. You also get some mimosas. The food is unique and full of the flavor. The layout is also adorable. The food is very french inspired. It is split up into the 5 French provinces I think.. I recommend this buffet! It's different and delicious.
Great environment.  I loved the lamb there.  Will come back again!
GREAT variety of foods and desserts. Great service! I especially loved the jonah crab legs AND the pesto pasta!!!! yummos! . . They have everything here...duck, lame, oysters, crab, sausages, turkey, tri tips...everything literally...only thing i failed to try was the soups. :(. . The crepes are AMAZING! we got an apple caramel crepe which pairs perfectly with warm strawberry sauce and whipped cream!!!! I am drooling just thinking about it!. . Especially loved the creme brulee! I could've eaten more but we had to leave to get ready for the party. :(. . I love the decor. Reminds me of a village in...France? lol. I feel like I am in another time period. TIME WARP!. . The costumes they wear are ridiculous and makes them look like peasants. A bit demeaning if you ask me, but whatevs. . . Anyhoo, I will be back! Love the variety! And i LOVE the ambiance. Very romantic and I'd suggest anyone on a date to dine here.
Super Bowl weekend with the guys and we do 2 buffets a day, it is embarassing but that is what we do. We did Bellagio, Mandalay Bay and Paris.  Paris buffet review is for breakfast/lunch.  It was winner hands down.  Mandalay Bay is looking old, did have King Crab legs that were sliced in half at dinner the remaining selection was weak. I would pass.  As for Paris, we ate there twice, wished we had gone for dinner over MBay.  Nice combination of everything, homemade crepes were nice, wide variety of carnivore foods, carbs, carbs carbs, little cups of creme brulee quite yum.  Bellagio buffet seemed over rated.. on a side note cannot believe that there were 5 people playing blackjack at a $300 a hand minimum table at Bellagio.. what do those people do for work ! sign me up!
For the price Le Village Buffet is a great place to eat when you're in Vegas. They lose points with me on the seafood presentation as well as the fruit displays.  Oddly enough (for Paris) the desserts needed a little help as well.. . The seafood could have been tastier. The fruit did not look inviting and the dessert table looked too picked over.  However, you must try the custard ice cream - really good.. . The red meat, pork, potatoes, Middle Eastern, Italian and Mexican table stations and presentations were all very good.. . Trust me on this one...
Of the buffets I tried with the Buffet of Buffets Pass, Le Village Buffet was my favorite (went there for breakfast and dinner).  Not only do they have a good selection of pretty decent quality food but I love the theme of this place.  As with the rest of the Paris shops area, Le Village Buffet is decorated to make it seem like you are literally eating inside a village and going to various houses/shops for your food...super cute!. . Breakfast included lox and bagels, various cream cheeses, mini quiches, made to order omelets, different flavored yogurts, fresh fruits, muffins and pastries and dessert crepes.. . Dinner included not only French fare but there were also Italian and Middle Eastern dishes as well as sushi.  There were also tons of crab legs and cocktail shrimp as well as raw oysters.  However, my favorite was definitely the desserts.  I tried their creme brulee, flan, tiramisu, fruit tart, chocolate cake and a pistachio cookie bar thing and they were all delicious.  I probably got my money's worth with just trying their desserts...lol.  The desserts alone are enough to entice me back...yum!. . P.S. Our server introduced us to palmers (tea mixed with lemonade) and it is soo good and refreshing...you have to try it if you go!
This was the first stop for our Buffet of Buffets adventure.  We had dinner at around 8.  The line was a little annoying, but the wait was worth it.  The space is amazing.  It was like we walked into a small town in France.  I love that there were little "rooms" with different themes.  . . Five stars for the decor, four for the food.
I was all set to write this place off as completely over-rated, but I have to admit, this buffet is pretty darn good. Usually, the line for this buffet is ridiculous. My visit to Vegas this time was mid-week, and I was fortunate enough to choose a good time to chow down, as the line was a scant 20 people deep.. . Pretty interior, lots of seating, interesting sections which gave you a feeling like there was inside seating and outside seating because of little 'rooms' within the seating area. . . Plenty of choices to satisfy most cravings. Standard buffet fare and some non-standard selections as well. Most people gravitate to the crab legs at buffets, I'm more of a prime rib kinda gal. The prime rib here was pretty good. I admit, I grabbed some of the mushroom sauce meant for the Chateaubriand instead of the au jus. I think it was a good choice. . . Other items I had were the brussel sprouts (don't judge me), kielbasa and sauerkraut, chicken with a wine/mushroom sauce. All very, very good. Desserts were plentiful. I tried a creme brulee and a puff thing that I have no idea what it was called but it was damn good.. . I'm not sure I liked this buffet enough to pay the single visit price and wait in the usually long line. I had purchased the "Buffet of Buffets" deal, so it was worth it in this case. . . The food is very good, service was great. As soon as I went up for dessert, a staff member came by and offered me coffee. It's like she read my mind. If you're a multiple plate buffet champ, it's probably worth the wait and the price. If you're like me and a 1-plate wonder, maybe spend your $30 elsewhere.
I've been to many buffets in Vegas.  Since we were staying at Paris and never tried this place, I wanted to give it a go.  I was surprised by the quality of the food.. . Yes, variety is not exactly there.  They don't have as many stations and choices as some of the other buffets but what's the point of having so many options of bad tasting food.  ((I'm talking to you BELLAGIO buffet!)). . I loved the duck dishes here.  Not too oily or fatty, good portion and well marinated.  The prime rib was also good. I was just going to have a "few bites" and ended up eating 80% of my piece.  The crepe station is also popular here though I didn't try it this time due to the long line. No worries, will be back next time :)
Of the 3 buffets (Village Seafood at Rio, Planet Hollywood, and Paris) I went there during my Buffet of Buffets 24-hour run, this was my favorite because of the ambiance and pretty fresh variety of food.. . We went for breakfast/lunch at 11 am.  We got in about 40 minutes later and stayed until 1 pm.  I really enjoyed the variety of foods here, especially the large selection of desserts.. . I went directly first to the crepe line, since I know it's popular.  It was pretty good, but very sweet.  You get to pick what goes in your crepe, and I chose blueberries, strawberries, and banana.  Only the banana was fresh.  The berries were just preserves.  Someone asked if they had fresh berries/fruit, and the lady (1 lady making tons of crepes for everyone in line), said they hadn't had fresh fruit in a while. . . I then went over and looked at the desserts and got an omelet made.  It was a standard omelet with nothing exciting, though the guy who made our omelets was really friendly.. . I LOVE seafood and was very pleasantly pleased to find a lox (cream cheese and smoked salmon on a bagel) station.  There were bagels, cream cheese, smoked salmon, and capers.  I loaded my plate and really enjoyed my lox more than anything else.  I wish I had room to eat more of it, but I sadly discovered this station at the end.. . I thought it was pretty cool that they also had a little Mediterranean station.  I was too full by then to try anything from there.  And by about noon, I saw people started stacking their plates with crab legs for lunch. Not sure if they had those out earlier, but I sure didn't notice people with them during my first round.  I stuck to the breakfast stuff, since I could only get that once a day.  . . I don't know why, but I really liked this place a lot.  The food wasn't super unique, but the people who served at the stations were really nice.  I also loved the ambiance.  Some buffets look super old and outdated.  This one was nice and felt more cozy.  Though it's not Paris, it did remind me a lot of my visit to Paris (which may also be why I liked this place).. . I would definitely go there again for breakfast, even without the Buffet of Buffets card.
Cute interior, good selection of foods for breakfast and lunch.  The real standout items here are their pastries.  They are perfect- buttery, rich, flaky, and if there is filling, the filling is not too sweet, with just the right amount.
You know what's awesome for breakfast? Prime rib. . . We stayed at Paris and ran downstairs at 9:45am. Our bracelets were ending at 11:06am and I didn't want to be waiting in line and have it expire... and then cry. The line up was down the hall. I thought I only had to wait till the door, but no no, there was a whole other line inside to the cash register. Just a suggestion: I think that if you buy the bracelet, you should be able to be in a separate scanning line. I saw a sign that said I could pay an extra $10 per buffet to skip the line... sigh. But I want my $10... or in my case, $30. Why didn't I wake up at 6:30am to start my buffet adventure?. . We got seated by the lovely hostess, ordered some pop and then started... this was the last buffet I would get to go to, I was going to make it count. I don't really know if all the signs were correct because some of the stuff didn't look like it matched... I am sure that sausage is ground meat with or without casings, not slabs of meat... I got medallions of lamb (nice and rare), smoked salmon on a bagel with capers (fresh tasting salmon with nice, salty capers), mashed potatoes and gravy (because I just can't eat meat... welll, I could but it seemed wrong with all the wonderful carbs), prime rib... ahhh. I had to get another plate for my waffle with whip cream because I didn't want it to mix with meat juices. Sure I look really greedy carrying two plates back to the table, but I am sure that the premise of a buffet is all I can eat. Some of my friends had gone at the crack of dawn to another buffet, so they were taking it slow. Another friend only came to this buffet and ate what seemed to be all the prawns they had.. . The restaurant is divided into the different regions of France and have each of their specialties... I just grabbed whatever... I wish I paid more attention to what region I was sampling when.. . After stuffing myself, I stuffed a little more and ate five creme brulees. They were firmer than the ones at Lago, but didn't have as thick of a burnt sugar crust. I love that shell, so these were just okay. . . I am not sure about this, but the washroom I found only had one stall in it and two sinks. I hope they have another one in the restaurant..
Best brunch buffet! The line was long but the decor in The Paris is so relaxing that we didn't even mind. I also like that the VIP members go through a separate entrance so you don't have to glare at them as they skip the line and remind you how lowly you are in the buffet caste system.. . Food was awesome: delicious breads and cheeses to make believe that I was really in Paris, brie/bacon macaroni, french toast, and customizable crepes.  . . PS, the waitresses wear these hideous French dresses which is probably horrific for them but funny for me....but hey, at least it made me want to tip more.
Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #6 of 7 5:00 PM. . The 6th stop in the Buffet of Buffets Marathon....by the time we got here, I was ready to surrender.  However, once we got inside, I changed my mind.  There were a lot of great items to choose from....but I decided to get the Cheese Raviolis & Dessert.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZkGDCVKSdf8m76cnnalL-A?select=e0zI2pyLCY5XNPjU5w-57Q. . The Cheese Raviolis were very good and the Dessert was awesome.  The highlight for me was the Creme Brulee....made fresh and torched brown.  Nice show by the workers.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZkGDCVKSdf8m76cnnalL-A?select=-BGJIFFwJT1ZU91d3VDbzg. . Overall, it was a good time and good food.  Too bad I had very little room left to sample more items.. . Return Factor - 85%
There seem to be mixed reviews but for me it was a great buffet. Granted, the line is terribly long but if you come a wee bit early (around 5:30pm?) chances are you will get in within 20 minutes.. . I particularly liked the coq au vin, and the duck confit was awesome! I enjoyed the grilled chicken and thought it went really well with the grilled pepper, summer squash, and zucchini.. . There were some thin crispy, dare I say, flat breads that had a great umami taste that I had multiple helpings of.. . There were the snow crab legs and crab claws that every other person seemed to be raving about but I didn't try any of them. I, however, partook in wolfing down copious amounts of the shrimp cocktail. . . The dessert spread was ok though it, I felt, didn't befit a "french spread." That still didn't stop me from enjoying the delicious bread pudding with whipped cream.. . This buffet is also part of the so called "seven-buffet" deal where you get a 24 hour pass to pig out on any or all of the (seven) buffet spreads across on the Vegas strip.. . I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas!
the most fun i've had at a buffet ever! maybe cuz of the champagne brunch which means unlimited mimosas. . . the wait was a bit long, but i think worth it. it was 27.99 for the champagne brunch. there were eggs, bacon, toast, pancakes, duck, prime rib, roast beef, sausages....the sushi was lame. really good seafood soup!!! and we added mussels in it. OMG soooo delicious. the shrimp and crab legs tasted fresh. their creme brulee wass tastyyy. they had a lot of good things, and fruits and ice cream. of course we had to drink our money worth of mimosas so of course we got a little giddy. but definitely fun! we were all extremely full and satisfied.
The highlight of my meal, and I literally mean this because I was way too excited when I stumbled upon this in line at the buffet, was the Brie and  Bacon Macaroni with mashed potatoes and gravy and asparagus. Then I topped that off with dessert: creme brulee and a strawberries and nutella crepe. It was perfect. The other food was alright but I didn't pay much attention, although I did notice their crab is a little too salty for our likings. The place itself is a nice setting, we sat in a room that made us feel like we were eating in someone's house, which I suppose is their goal since we sat at a wooden round dining table grubbin.
this is my 4th buffet in 24 hours, I came from Rio after the disappointment from its desert bar.  I didn't try alot of things here, mainly desert.  creme brulee is the best compared to Spice Market.  Their Grape leave wrap are better than Spice Market as well, but my hobbie live hummas from Spice mkt more.  I like Le village flavor more.  The spicy mussels ... too much wine in it.  I can't find the strawberry covered by chocolate when i made my 2 rounds.  the crepe are too big, like the one from Spice Market more, more crispy there and the banana tastes better.  like other said, the set up is strange, kind of walk around to find your own table especially when you are in a small room, not in the open area
Yes!!!! worth the price and had everything you want at a brunch buffet from crepes, omelets, pastries and more. Pay the extra $10 and skip the long line.
.., I enjoyed our meals here, nothing really grabbed me by the b@lls but I liked it. The inside has a nice little French country theme to it. Cobblestone floors w/ an outdoor dining theme & painted ceiling. . . The wait wasn't too bad but there was indeed a line. I grabbed nothing but breakfast foods. From eggs to sausage, waffles, french toast, etc. It was all good, literally. They even had a drumstick machine! The graham cracker cone w/ chocolate filling was provided. All you have to do is choose from either vanilla or chocolate, both if you're in the mood & fill your cone up! Check this place out, & also look into getting their 24hr. backstage buffet pass for $45. You can eat at various other buffets from other casinos such as the Rio, Planet Hollywood, etc.
Good place had the 24 hour pass. Very different style of food but very good and nice to try different food every once and awhile. Best bet would be to get the 24 hour pass.
First buffet i have been to that had hummus!! The variety in food at this buffet was awesome.... you can have a six course meal and not have the same thing twice.. . About $30 a person, A little pricey, yes but it is Vegas, it is a huge buffet. Just go super dooper hungry to get your money's worth!
We came for the breakfast buffet.  They had a large selection with some nice gourmet items.
I've only been to 3 Vegas buffets but this is my favorite. We slipped in right before dinner started so after an amazing plate of brie and bacon macaroni, shrimp cocktail, and I don't even remember what else I got a plate stacked with crab legs. I've never had chilled crab but that didn't stop me from eating somewhere around 2 lbs of it, then getting a spiced apple crepe and creme brulee to finish it off. We also took advantage of the all you can drink mimosas (wine, beer and champagne where also available) and I think the waiter was waiting for us to fall out of our chairs before we were done. Little did he know who he was dealing with. The service was extremely fast, the food was varied and very well prepared. The ambiance was relaxed but classy, quaint but fun. Next time I'm in Vegas I definitely plan to hit this place again.. . PS - I'm not 100% sure if it reaches this far but the patisserie near here has the only free wifi I found on the Strip.
This review is for the breakfast buffet only.. . We waited 15-20 mins for breakfast, arriving around 8:30.  I didn't know vacationers in Vegas woke up that early!  . . The selection was good for breakfast.  Omlettes, cereal, fresh fruits, baked goods, ham, bacon, other breakfast staples, and my personal favorite, crepes.  The orange juice was delicious, one of the best I've ever had.  . . The ambience is charming.  It's an French outdoor theme, with the ceilings painted like the sky with clouds.  I enjoyed it.. . I probably will return on my next visit to Vegas.
As soon as we walked in to see the line, we thought about turning around but realized all buffets at 11am or so were most likely the same turnout.  However, we found out if you are willing to pay 10 bucks on top of the original set price, you can get in at a shorter line. . . I am amazed at the amount of choices you can get here. Be forewarned, this is my first time to Vegas so this buffet was like a food high for me. It took me about 5 minutes to figure out what I wanted to start with and ended up with french toast, sausage, eggs, and a crepe. While my eggs weren't all that great, everything was pretty good. To top off my amazing breakfast, we were served champagne! After my several glasses of champagne and coffee, I ended up with some dessert.  . . Even though they have just about anything you can think of from crab legs to salad, I couldn't bring myself to eat that for breakfast.. .  Oh, the champagne actually went well with my food. Whenever our glasses became empty they were promptly refilled. Service was friendly and efficient even though it was jam packed in the restaurant.. . I see people criticizing the place for not being a real french buffet, nonsense! It's good enough for me! I believe we paid about $43.00 a person without tip but I tried my best to get my monies worth.
I've always liked this place for breakfast, but we finally tried the dinner and I was really impressed.  The pork with apples was amazing, and there was a terrific array of perfectly seasoned vegetables.  I stuffed myself silly with grilled asparagus, sauteed cauliflower, and buttery brussel sprouts.  The dessert of course, to die for.  I liked that there wasn't anything breaded and fried like most casino buffets. The only complaint is the crab legs were soft, brown, and way too salty -- total garbage.  I won't pay this much very often, but for a special treat, it was a great night out.
We did the Buffet of Buffets and out of all the participating buffets, I thought that this was the best... at least for breakfast and dinner. I like the fact that they had a crepe and omelet chef that were available. I thought that the crepe was a bit over-rated but the omelet was deliciously made well. I liked the egg benedict and the waffles. They also had many different choices of breakfast meat (like 3-4 different types of sausages, bacon, ham, etc). They also had many types of egg dishes (like the fritata, scrambles). They also had many choices of bread, muffins selections. . We liked it so much that we went back for dinner. Their dessert selection was awesome. They had many pastries like the macaroons, creme brulee, lemon raspberry tart, lemon meringue pie, etc.
I am a buffet connoiseur. When I go to Las Vegas, and I know I am going to eat at a buffet that day, I eat exactly one meal a day at the buffet of the day that lasts four hours. There's a lot of ground to cover, and I am ready. . . Le Village Buffet is one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. . . I like to get pineapple or orange juice when I eat here. Citrus and any acidic juice help the digestive process. :). . Breakfast and dinner are best here. . . Here are my favorite items for both breakfast and dinner:. . - Crepes (handmade right before you). - Waffles (also before you). - Omelettes. - Bouillabaisse (not sure on the spelling, excuse me). - Green beans. - Desserts! Pastries, pie, and mousse galore! Divine! This is their specialty!. . There are a lot of French specialties for dinner, which is really nice, and the layout of the buffet is super-nice. The different stations are set up to represent a different region of France (Bordeaux, Nice, Provence, etc.) and of course, different parts of the meal (salad, dessert, main courses, sides...). . Of course, they have many buffet staples, which were also delicious.. . The decor is lovely, it feels like you're in a Parisian courtyard. Beautiful. The sky is always blue and clear here. . . Can't wait to come back!
My trip to the Le Village Buffet can be summed up in one word : PRIME-RIB.. . I've been reading a number of the reviews on here, and not a lot of positive is being said about it, but for some reason, when a group of 6 of us made our way into the Le Village Buffet.. the Prime Rib was the toast of the table.  It was juicy, succulent, and would fall apart just by cutting it with the side of your fork.  Also, we checked out Prime Rib at the buffets at both the Rio and Planet Hollywood and they paled in comparison.. . The selection here was not 'worldly,' but it did offer a variety of good desserts and there were a number of vegetarian options for those in our party that had to avoid the meaty goodness.. . Another standout was the omelette bar, which had a ton of options and really was surprisingly good.. . Our server Debra was very polite and kept our bottomless mimosas full (we went on Sunday for brunch, where apparently it is always free).  She made us smile.. . For Le Village Buffet, anytime is Prime-time.
My family and I did the Buffet of Buffets thing when we went to Vegas a few weeks ago and we ended up here the most.. . The food was excellent. Though the fare doesn't really stray into different ethnic cuisines, what's there is fantastic. I can't speak as to the authenticity of the regional variations of French cuisine that Le Village boasts, but it is certainly enough to have quite a selection.. . Breakfast: Crepes. The crepes were amazing. So light, fluffy and STUFFED with your choice of fruits and fillings. Make sure to try the prime rib hash and their eggs benedict! . . Dinner: The prime rib was my favorite in all of Vegas. It was juicy, flavorful, tender, medium rare and just...mmm..... Various other accouterments of potatoes etc. were also fantastic. I did not get a chance to sample the crab. Most everything else in terms of entrees was also very good.. . The desserts were sooooooooooooooo good. My girlfriend and I actually ended up coming back for creme brulee and frozen custard way after dinner, just because we could with the Buffet of Buffets pass. . . Service was decent. Felt a little lonely sometimes waiting for refills in small groups, but when I went in large groups with my young niece and nephew, the waitresses were kind and attentive. A floor manager, whose name I was not able to get, was also very kind and brought us some small boxes of Fruit Loops for the kids when they weren't really enjoying the other breakfast foods.
We had breakfast here, and it was a lot of selection.. A lot of pastry, deserts, and other traditional breakfast items.. The pate was pretty good also.  . . The fresh made crepes were amazing. . Service was pretty good.  . They offered both regular and turkey bacon, sausage and other products.. . I must say my favorite dish was the baked oatmeal.
Had breakfast here and it was delicious!  First time ever and do plan on returning.. . Second stop of BoB.  There was some wait, we got in line around 9:30am.  When we left the lunch line was looong!  . . The restaurant looks small but it is pretty big with different stations.  The breakfast selection was good and many options to choose from, not only is there different options but there are varieties of each option - example - different types of scrambled eggs and hash browns.. . I had a good experience and the server was attentive.. . ************************. We liked this buffet so much from our BoB we decided to try it out one more time before we leave, this time it was lunch time.  There were a lot of different pastas and meats.  I think lunch is a couple bucks more but I think the breakfast buffet is better.. . There was a crepe station where one had a crepe made on the spot with the toppings available - the line was always long.. Went once just to try it out, it was okay.. . The custard was delicious!  We wanted to try a small dessert before leaving and rather than getting a pastry we went to the ice cream cones and ice cream, except it was not ice cream it was custard - and it was delicious!
I'm no Vegas buffet connoisseur but I found alot of delicious food here. Lamb and Prime Rib were excellent! Thankfully the Prime Rib was not on the rare side (I hate that), BBQ ribs were also good. Lots of potato dishes for this carb addict to enjoy :) Delicious desserts upon desserts Creme brulee, Cheese cakes, flan, apple cobbler, I could go on but I wont because it would be a ridiculously long review. They had a number of dishes I'd never heard of and sounded French which I wanted to try but by the time I'd finished gorging myself with the familiar there was no more room :X. . There are many more buffets in Vegas I need to try but if I find myself hungry in the vacinity of the Paris again I will certainly stop here to eat again.
The buffet was delicous,it sucks that i can't eat alot though. They have alot of varieties of food for breakfeast,lunch,and dinner. The scenery was beautiful. The only thing that sucked about our visit  was that our waitress didn't notce us when we called her, but a few minutes later she gave us our drinks. Besides that this place is awesome.
This buffet, compared to the Caesar's Palace one, is way better. They do have a wider selection of food here, and it is of better quality. It tasted better, and most noticeable was the service was way better here. . . I have nothing much to say that to come here and it would be a great choice for those that it is their first time in Vegas as how it was my first time, in which this was my very first buffet here.
Un buffet de mets francais facon americaine, ca peut faire peur!. Buffet impressionnant et finalement excellent.. Un choix immense de plats selon les regions de France (Bourgogne, Alsace...etc) et de vins qui sont plutot pas mal.. . Une belle decouverte !
*This review is for the breakfast buffet*. . This buffet is reliably good and has a cute setting. They have a lot of good options for breakfast everything from fritattas to crepes, to bagels and smoked salmon. The line went pretty fast, which made the whole thing much more enjoyable. I did stay clear of the steam table scrambled eggs which are never good, ever. Bacon, french toast, and crepes. Delish. . . One of the best buffets on the strip.
HAHAHA, "Le DAYUM" indeed!!!. . Hands down, one of the best buffets on the strip.. . The lunch serivce was awesome. Features a wide variety of selection from French locales. Also, random, but they had sushi during the lunch service. Good sushi though!. . Be prepared to stand in line. Know that in Vegas, people tend to start their days late. So, if you don't want to stand in line---WAKE UP EARLY.. . But seriously, this place is pretty awesome.. . P.S TRI TIP!!!!
This buffet is really good. What is also really good, is the fact that patrons can now pay an extra $15 dollars to not have to stand in line.  When you have already made that decision to head to vegas - $15 isn't really too bad.. . Now, what is great however, is the Duck that this buffet offers.  We must have spent hours gourging over all the great selections, but as soon as my fellow companions had almost finished eating all of the crab legs known to man, out comes the duck.. . Seriously perfection. I still think about that duck and a little bit of my heart was left there that day. Such is love. Such is hunger. Such is Le Village Buffet.
I don't know why, but Le Village Buffet in Paris is one of my favorite buffets to go when I'm in Vegas. They have everything from steaks to omelets. . . My favorite has to be the creme burlee desserts. It never disappointments. . . I'm always there on Sunday with their great brunches. Orange juice and champagne. They go together like peanut better and jelly!. . Expect to wait in line for about an hour but if your hungry tummy can't deal then for an extra $15 you can go front of line.
Totally didn't plan on coming here on our last day in Vegas, but we had some time to kill before heading to the airport. Why not eat? Haha. . We made it just in time for their lunch price ($18.99), so yay! Dinner price is $24.99, which isn't too bad. Surprisingly, the line wasn't bad at all, but it was a Monday afternoon in between lunch & dinner time.. . We got seated in a separate room. Our waitress was super nice. The food was delish as usual. Ended our meal with an ice cream cone :) . . I really like Le Village Buffet compared to some of the other buffets at other Harrah's properties.
Finally finishing my Vegas reviews! This place is really good! One of my favorite places to eat for breakfast! Every time I'm in Vegas I always try to eat breakfast here. Get here early or the line gets long! The Crepe station is awesome!
This is the BEST brunch in Vegas!! Every time we are in town, we make sure to visit this buffet. The selection is fantastic with tons of items to choose from. We make sure to arrive before 10:00 to get the breakfast price of $18.99 before it goes up to the brunch price of $27.99. But since you are already in the restaurant you can take advantage of the brunch options! This way you get both the breakfast menu and brunch menu at the breakfast price. Several highlights: light and fluffy eggs with cheddar cheese, flavorful ham, delectable crepes, a salad bar, turkey, grilled vegetables, fruit, lots of pastries and much more! One important thing to know is that there is often a long line, so be prepared to wait. It is very worth the wait though!
This was the best of the 4 buffets we tried with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  The quality was good and choices were plenty.  We had dinner there, and wished we tried their breakfast.  Would definitely come back the next time we are in Vegas.
Went here for their Champagne brunch, but thanks to getting in and paying before they switched over to that service we were able to enjoy everything the brunch had to offer for the regular breakfast buffet price.  From what I saw of the regular breakfast menu selections that were available when we were seated, I'm not sure I would have paid more than $10-15 for it as it was just generic run of the mill breakfast items with a few exceptions...but the champagne brunch?  So much good food to start the day with...the only thing that's a bummer with Vegas buffets, especially the good ones is that with so much to sample from, it's impossible to try everything and that was the case here.  I could have eaten more, but I just had to save room for the desserts and pastries which as would be expected from a French themed place were top notch.  All in all, I would definitely come back next time out in Vegas :)
Damn good food....the tri tip is so tender.  Great crepes,I got the apple with carmel on top.  Grilled mushrooms were bursting with flavor.  I am hard to please when it comes to buffet food.....this was the best buffet I have had.  Also the best food I had in general here in vegas.
This place has the best breakfast fbuffet! They high quality stuff. I will definetly be back here on my next visit!
Pros:.   * Nearly everything I got was premium in taste.   * Lamb, Duck, Tri-Tip, and Crab . Yum !.   * Seating .   * Atmosphere. . Cons:.   * Felt rushed.   * No hot crab legs .   * No discount offered with Player's Card.   * No flavored ice tea.   * Sushi didn't fancy me (nor did their Clam Chowder).   .   After walking around the strip for quite sometime, my girlfriend and I decided we'd try this buffet out.  Price for dinner on a Monday night was $24.99/pp.  In comparison to the rest of the places to eat around Paris, we thought it was a pretty good deal and we would get a variety.  . .   Seating after entering the buffet came fast.  We were literally seated the minute we walked in (but it was 9:45 pm so I didn't expect a wait).  I like the atmosphere of the buffet.  It's almost as if it was a street corner full of restaurants.  It had the look as if you were dining outside.  It was different and I liked it.  We got seated in a corner that was near a wall.  No complaints there.  I actually like the fact that we wouldn't have to worry about people walking by every 5 seconds and accidentally bump into our chair or table.  . .   When ordering my drink, I asked for Raspberry Ice Tea, but they didn't have that so I opted for Sierra Mist.  When I got to the actual buffet, I was pretty astonished at some of the stuff they had:  Sushi, Crab Legs, Lamb, Bow-tie Pesto, Poached Salmon, Clam Chowder, etc. etc... the list goes on. . .   Nearly everything I sampled was really good.  There were a few that I didn't care for much.  I figured mentioning those would do more good to anyone considering going to Le Village Buffet.  Read below under "Tips" for more info on what I didn't care for.  I would have given this place 5 stars, but the reason I didn't is because when arriving, I asked the lady at the register if there was still enough time to enjoy eating since it was near 10.  She told me we had an hour to eat before they would close down the buffet.  However, while eating; someone approached us at 10:30 and told us to make our final selections because the buffet was about to shutdown and that we would have to be out by 11.  I don't know why I was eating at the buffet this late anyhow, I get it.  It's just that the girl told me we had 1 hour when really we only had 30 minutes to actually get food at the buffet.  No biggie, we were practically done eating.  We did feel a little rushed (especially since my girlfriend didn't get a chance to make her way to the dessert yet).. . Overall:. .   Aside from feeling a bit rushed,  I'd say a really good buffet with some very tasty selections.  . . Tips:.   *  Sushi was not good at all.  I had one piece and was done. .   *  Clam Chowder was nice to see on the menu, but wow it was extremely thick and I'm not even exaggerating.  I love Clam Chowder, but Le Village's was just too much..   *  Come before 10pm if you are eating dinner here.  10pm is last seating, but as you read above it would be wiser to come earlier..   *  Don't forget to check out the very far left section:  this is where the lamb, tri-tip steak and other goodies are.  You can even make your own Gyro!.   * along w/ making your own Gyro, there is a Crepe station too.  Yum..   *  Come hungry!  Seriously!!
paris is my favorite breakfast/brunch buffet in vegas.  . . my only complaint right now is about one of the operators that answer the phone, lorenz (phonetic). . the 10YO really wanted king crab legs, and i called around to different buffets to see which ones offered itearlier in the day. (we were leaving that day)  all the buffets i called prior to calling paris only served them with dinner.  when i called paris to see whether they had crab legs for breakfast or lunch, i was told that they don't.  then i asked what time the crab legs came out (because i really wanted to eat at paris before leaving)  and lorenz said they came out at 11:30 or so.  . . ME:  "Um, i thought you said they weren't served for breakfast or lunch.". LORENZ:  "They're not.  king crab legs are served during brunch". . REALLY?  are we playing word games here?  . . basically, had i not asked what time the crab legs came out, i wouldn't have known, and we would have eaten elsewhere.. . what an arse
Just fantastic.. . Come for lunch, stay for dinner.  There were a lot of "exotic" choices (for a homegrown guy like me), but I was able to find enough to sustain myself.  Plus, crepes.  It's a nice little village-y themed place, so it's easy on the eyes, too.  So far, the last three buffets I've encountered (Aria, PH and Paris) have all been really great.
Food was great! (5 star) Huge variety of different choices, most top notch.  Desserts were a highlight. Service was poor.  Since it's a buffet, this only made it hard to get drinks.  Our waiter spent most his time folding napkins. He only looked up to see if anyone was leaving so he could check the table for tips.  When we did get his attention he alternated between being friendly and surly--a real Jeckyl & Hyde type!
The only reason that this place gets 4 stars is because we are huge fans of the buffet at the RIO. This place had a great selection of food, and all of it was great, i was epsecially surprised at how good the Prime Rib was there, i mean all buffets in vegas serve prime rib, but this one was great, awesome flavor and it ws cooked perfectly. If you stay at the paris this is worth at least a trip.
It's a fatty's paradise!. . Even my husband - who hates hates hates hates hates buffets, loved this place!  Seafood as far as the eye can see...roast beef, roast lamb, roasted pork - basically if it was meat it could be roasted...and my ultimate favorite...ALL YOU CAN DRINK CHAMPAGNE.. . Yes, it's a little pricy (it's $25) and the lines can get pretty ridiculously long, but if you're a Yelper worth his or her salt, you can easily drink/eat/drink that $25 back without breaking into sweat.  Plus, you'll be drunk/full/drunk for the rest of the day!. . WIN!
Lines were fairly short. The line snakes outside 2 lanes and 2 lanes inside. I came for Buffet of buffet and the lines moved fairly quickly for Tuesday 9:50am.. The crepes were made to order.. Breakfast starts ends at 11. Lunch starts at 11.. So the trick is to get to register before lunch, which we got there at 10:10am. . . Everything is super good, super buttery, super fattening. The pastries, fresh made omelets, and crepes were the best things!
First of all, if you have a smartphone, check in to Paris Casino on Foursquare because you'll get a $5 off voucher to the buffet.  Considering that the buffet is $19 per person, the discount is pretty substantial. . . We went for lunch on a wednesday around 1, and there were no lines.  The cashier lady was nice enough to extend my one $5 off voucher to my boyfriend as well, so we really saved $10 in the end. :) :) :) I WAS SO HAPPY. We thought the buffet would be our splurge meal! . . On to the food... THERE IS SO MUCH FOOD. I know you're only supposed to take a bite of everything the first time around, but I was too distracted by the roast duck. It had some sort of sweet fruit glaze on the outside; I took double helpings-- bad idea. http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6993.jpg. . The shellfish wasn't too great, and I'm a little sad I wasted precious stomach space on them. Focaccia roll? Nice and chewy. Roast mushrooms? Perfectly seasoned. Tri-tip? Nice and pink in the middle. Buffet food is typically pretty meh, but how can you miss out on a Vegas buffet? This was one of the better buffets I've been to during the last 10 years. $15 well spent.. . Round 2: http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6996.jpg. More mushrooms! Caesar salad + plain romaine (pre-mixed salads are often so heavy on the dressing!), creamed spinach + artichoke (YUM), sole, marinated tomato and mozzarella balls. . . My tips would be to go easy on the pasta, get the duck and roast beef, get veggies (minus the asparagus), and don't get shellfish.  The fish is alright, the mediterranean section's got great sauces (pesto aioli! :D), and SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!. . Observe: http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6994.jpg. . And that's only one side of the dessert island!  I tried a little of several desserts.... http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6996.jpg. . Macarons. So Frenchy and so good! I also heard the creme brulee and custard were good, but I was SO full I couldn't even think about putting creamy, heavy food into my stomach. However, I did squeeze in a little bit of space for a childhood favorite.  The apple crumble was divine-- hello, childhood memories! Paired with a dollop of soft serve, it was fantabulous! http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6998.jpg. . The bf and I were stuffed for the rest of the day; we made use of a groupon on our way home, but took home most of the food. I legitimately thought I was going to die of fullness. Standing up straight was definitely an issue, but boy am I glad I went to Le Village! I did a little research beforehand on best buffets on the Strip, but ended up choosing Village over Bellagio due to the reviews for the dessert bar. ;) Sweet tooth win.
Wow! This was the first buffet I've ever had in Vegas and it was pretty good! We stood in for about 40 or so minutes Sunday morning to begin our carb load for the Vegas marathon :) If you have a Harrahs playing card, you save $3 - $27. I ate and ate and ate and ate. The crepe station was definitely my fav. I had two, and now that I think about it I should have had 4! Next time! The crepe station is not like the omelet station (which I did not have) but more of a preset menu with no alterations but they are very delicious. The brussel sprouts were soooo good, and the brie mac and cheese with bacon bits -to die-! The prime rib was good but my friend mentioned the turkey and roast beef were dry. Not too many desserts but lots of food! I certainly feel like I did my best to get my monies worth ;) and my friends husband did mention this was the most he's ever seen me eat, lol so I think I did a pretty damn good job. Sausage, french toast, pancakes, brussel sprouts, grilled tomato, asparagus, mash potatoes, quiche, crepes, biscuits/gravy, banana, pretzel roll, champagne, coffee, orange juice. Yea, we really did it up. Not sure if I'll return because I'm not sure I'll ever need to eat this much again in life but certainly worth it for the crepe station alone because I'm sure if you buy them right across the way at the crepe place 27 bucks will get you a few and nothing else. Enjoy! Oh, and expect 98% of the people in there to look as though they eat a "buffet" everyday! Just an observation.
I came here on a whim when walking around Paris trying to find a decent place to eat. I only eat at buffets once in a long while, but we figured we'd probably end up spending the same amount ($25pp) at any of the other restaurants, so why not? . I really love how they went all out with the "village" theme. When you walk in, it really feels like you're strolling through a little village. There are signs, street lamps, little rooms, and buffet stations that look like little cottages. I'm always a sucker for any kind of themed restaurant, so I loved this.. . We were quickly seated in one of the rooms and had our drink orders taken. Then we went out to explore the buffet. It looked like they just restocked everything, so I was pretty delighted. There was also a very large selection that seems to continue all throughout the room with separate stations for dessert and soup/salad. I got some broccoli, mushrooms, 3 different pastas, mussels, potatoes, fish, strips of steak, sushi, green beans, roast beef, sausage, cold crab legs, and cam chowder. To be honest, I didn't expect that to fill be up, but it did, so i went on to dessert and got two creme brulees, a couple cookies, and flan (I'm a slave to dessert). . . Overall, this is definitely a great buffet. The selection is very diverse, the food is fresh, and the service is fast and friendly.
I don't much care for the Paris hotel. It's too loud and the rooms are uncomfortably appointed.  However Le Village Buffet is wonderful.  I've only ever eaten breakfast at it but the selection is amazing. The Crepe's bar is fantastic, the omelet bar equally soon.  Most Buffet's have one type of sausage and one type of bacon, here you have several of each.  Go Hungry, you won't be disappointed.
This is one of my top 5 favorite buffets. . I don't remember the bad but I definitely remember the good, so I'll mention those. . I came here for breakfast and there was a 30-40 minute wait on a Tuesday. After we were seated, the waitress quickly brought us both orange juice and a pot of hot coffee. The omelet bar was my favorite. The chef spent a good amount of time making each omelete. He would first cook the stuff in the omelete: spinach, mushrooms, bacon, etc. then he would mix in the egg to cook it, finally he would ask if you want cheese and fold the cheese in last. There was salsa at the end of the bar. This was one of my favorite items for breakfast. The biscuit and gravy was good. I would avoid the scrambled eggs, they were a bit watery when we had them. Try to get the bacon on the top of the try, the bottom pieces tend to be more drenched in oil/grease. The fruits are always good. The crepes were okay, I asked the chef to make mine a little thinner. They also give you a big scoop of cream. Since the fruits they use are quite sour, it helps cut the sourness :] . . I also came here another day for lunch since a friend wanted to come here. Surprisingly I wasn't disappointed. After having the pastas at PH's Spice Market, I was scared to try the pasta here, but they were really yummy and I'm glad I did. Definitely try all the pastas, I liked the pest tortellini, brie mac n cheese, and mushroom ravioli. The roast beef was really good, if you like medium rare you have to ask for it or else they automatically give you a medium well piece. If you like medium well and they only have rare pieces, ask the chef to put it on the grill to make it medium well. The grilled asparagus goes really well with the au jus and roast beef. Remember to bring pour some in a small bowl cause pouring it directly makes the other items on your plate absorb it. The sushi looked funky so I avoided those, but around the corner in the Asian-ish station was a steamed cod stuffed with a garlicy goodness. They have cold crab legs here, which I wasn't too fond of. If you want crab legs, go to Spice market. I also had the duck, it was okay, something to try. Okay, time for desserts! Everyone raves about the creme brulee, but not the best here. It was goood, but the sugar did not crack. They make so many of these, they just put them in the fridge after they burn the sugar so the sugar doesn't crack when your spoon smacks it. They still taste good but not OMG FRESH YUMMY good. Other good stuff: chocolate mousse tarte, croissant w/ chocolate, cheesecake w/ strawberry and bread pudding. . . Man this was a long review. So just come here for breakfast and try the pastas and roast beef if you come here for lunch/dinner. Get the buffet of buffet pass and try this place for breakfast. If you want coffee to-go, just ask your waitress for a paper cup... and remember to tip them for being so nice :]
Best buffet we tried.  The lamb was amazing!  You can make your own gyros but we opted for covering it in chateaubriand sauce and the caramelized pearl onions.  The other stand out dishes includes the roasted veggies (lots of options) and the pork with apples.  It didn't look appetizing, so I passed over it at first.  Glad I listened to the boys.  Best mashed potatoes ever!  Lots of pasta options, most of them bland.  They had real French macaroons and, of course, creme brulee.  Mini lemon meringues.  I would have been happy at a restaurant with a few of their options, so being able to have all of them plus a ton of creme brulee was worth the buffet price.  We had the unlimited wine, beer, champagne, or mimosas.  We figured that $12 per person for unlimited drinks was the price of, at most, 2 drinks in Vegas so we made sure we got our money's worth.   We would go back and were glad we missed breakfast and had lunch at Le Village instead.  It does look very Disney but that's better than crappy decor, I think.
I purchased one of the $45-50 Buffet of Buffet passes--giving me access to 7 different casino buffets in a 24-hour period. Some of the choices seemed not-so-good, but I remembered this buffet as being halfway decent when I had tried it years and years ago. . . The line was much shorter than on my first trip. I remember about 8-9 years ago, the line went out the door almost into the casino. This time, there were maybe 15-25 people ahead of us. They were a little slow with seating, but nothing outrageous. . . The food? Pretty good. I'd say the quality is fairly good, but the selection is a bit lower than my favorite (Bellagio), but still, you are presented with a pretty impressive spread. Then again, I just need a few staples done well with a few flourishes and I'm pretty happy. I'm fairly gluttonous at all-you-can-eat buffet set ups, and I was able to eat my fill. I think of everything I tried, there was only one thing that I didn't really enjoy. . . TL;DR: it's one of the cheaper buffets on the strip, the line wasn't ridiculous, you can get it as part of a package deal. Fairly good food if you just want a few staple items to shovel into your face.
I did a weekday breakfast and weekday dinner at Le Village Buffet at the Paris during my 24 hours using the Buffet of Buffet pass.  . . At 9am on a Wednesday, this place was crackin'.  I waited in line about 40 minutes to be seated.  . . I loved the ambience of this buffet.  It is decorated to look like you've walked into a French marketplace.  Each of the buffet stations is named after a region in France.  There was a selection of breads, all different variations of eggs (scrambled with sausage, scrambled with mushroom, etc.), ham, sausage, bacon, french toast, pastries different variations of potatoes, as well as made to order omelettes and crepes.  I also noticed that they had a yogurt bar with granola, raisins and nuts to mix in.  Plain, undressed salad and fresh sliced fruit were also available.. . As I had an appointment at the spa, I ate "light." I got a custom omelette, hash browns and a dessert crepe that came with a bananas foster style filled crepe with nutella/just chocolate sauce drizzled on top with the freshest whipped cream ever!  Although there was a decent selection of breakfast foods, the cooks at Le Village never skimped on quality, which really impressed me.  This led to us deciding to eat a dinner meal here as well.. . For dinner, there were not a ton of vegetarian friendly options.  There were tons of meats available (chicken, duck, beef, lamb, crab legs) and dishes containing meat.  Same great bread selection and the expected salad bar fixings.  The french onion soup seemed popular.  However, after experiencing a great dessert crepe at breakfast, I went straight for the savory caprese crepe at dinner and didn't regret it.  The balsamic reduction was delish!  I also tried the sweet potato, mashed potatoes and gratin potatoes.  All were tasty.  . . The dessert included many sugar free pastries as well as sugar-full desserts.  Eclairs, creme brulee, walnut brownies and fruit tarts all looked good, but I didn't go for them.  I settled with the chocolate custard and was pleased.  . . Overall, great quality and selection on breakfast and dinner.  Definitely worth it to do the buffet of buffets as weekday breakfast was priced at $18.99 and weekday dinner was priced at $30.99.  I paid $44.99 for the 24 hour Buffet of Buffet pass.
One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. Last time I came was probably a good 5-6 years ago, but I remember the wait gets really really long if you don't get there super early. Hence, my group rushed to get there by 530 to beat the wait. . . There was probably 20-30 people ahead of us for dinner. The line moved quite quickly as they were still trying to seat people when we arrived. The ambiance definitely stands out compared to any other buffet I've been to. They have a little building in the middle just for the dozens of desserts that they offer. . . The prime rib here is pretty good although this time around, a lot of the meat was medium rare. They have a crepe station that serves both savory and sweet. The sweet crepe is very filling so be sure to save that till the very end. . . This buffet has a lot of variety and it's hard not to find something that you would like. . . Key: When I was leaving around 700-730, there was a line with at least 75 people in it. The wait is usually up to 90 minutes around then.
We went for Thanksgiving. Very good. Long lines in front of the food, kind of annoying. But the food quality is good. A lot of variety. Highlight, dessert. Very very good. Home cooking for sure!! Great value, especially if you get the Buffet of Buffets pass! Only 44.99 for 24 hrs. Awesome! So full!
I went to a few buffet places while in Vegas and this is one of the best. We went there for dinner..and TONS of meat, veggie, and desserts...stomach was too full to try each of them. The Italian foods were the nicest, beware of : DRY SUSHI!! waste of stomach space...dry rice, dry fish. don't even bother try just because it's sushi! lol. . . Smoked salmons weren't fresh, too 'fishy' - they probably experienced unfinished smoking process or something? . . Desserts were nice! Although not authentic Frenchy stuffs, but just try the chocolate operas, yum! Not the generic stuffs you usually found in buffet places.. . meats were excellent, tender, juicy, LOTS of them, and varied..pork, lamb, chicken, beef, you name it. Lots of cheesy stuffs as well. Pastas were very nice too. Salad bars were complete with every imaginable veggies you can rabbit on...but definitely not a very vegetarian place...eventhough it's probably better than one in Planet Hollywood / Monte Carlo / New York New York.... . Nice ambiance, feels like French garden with dim lights and well heated in winter.. . Just don't eat the Asian stuffs....
Buffet inside the Paris with great food selections & service! . . The prime rib, stuffed sole, brie & bacon mac & cheese, other seafood entrees, crepes & tiramisu were all winners!. . Be sure to go a bit early to avoid crazy long lines & also use your players club card for a discount!
Hungover we dragged ourselves to this Buffet for brunch. The wait wasn't that long and right when we were seated we had all ordered some mimosa's and it was promptly brought to us. Best way to start off the morning, we all then split up and got some grub. The prime rib was delicious and the eggs Benedict wasn't the best I ever had so I barely touched that, the smoked salmon was a bit stronger flavor than I'm used to and the best of it all was the giant plate of crab we shared at our table. This place was decent for $30 per person. I think what won us over was the great customer service, we had a chef who personally went to get us rice even though they did not have any and went to the other buffet to get us some, cuz us asians can't live without it and our waitress was VERY attentive, talk about fast refills on mimosas!
I love Paris Buffet because it is better than some other buffet on the strip. The food is almost same as last time I went which is about 6 month ago. Great Selection. Some food are too overcooked and not hot enough.
My boyfriend and I bought the Buffet of Buffets pass for all CET properties, and decided to hit up Le Village Buffet at Paris for breakfast, especially after reading about how it has one of the best breakfast buffets in Vegas. Unfortunately, we did not plan it out so well, and ended up having to wait about half an hour to an hour in line. By the time we were finally seated, they were serving lunch. . . The ambiance and decor is cute, made to look like you are actually dining in a French village. The service was prompt, and the food was varied from your usual buffet food. My boyfriend enjoyed the mussels, which he said were always the first items to disappear! . . The best part of the buffet is the made to order crepe station. There usually is a line, but it does move pretty quickly. The crepes are delicious, and are definitely worth the wait!
This definitely is at the top of my bf and I's buffet list for Vegas. We tried out Wicked Spoon, which is constantly raved about everywhere, and were VERY unimpressed.. . Le Village, a bit of a walk in past the casinos and easily identifiable by its long lines, has great menus. We came here just between the brunch/dinner transition on Saturday, and found ourselves enjoying unlimited crepes (2 at a time though), bottomless mimosas, and creme brulees galore. Oh yeah, and the prime rib, and the cod (mmm), and the salmon, and the crab, and the...yeah. There's some things that aren't that great but fill yourself up on the good things and it'll be well worth your $32 (Saturday brunch/dinner price) and you'll be raving about it afterwards. I think the crepes really biased me...despite having to wait like 20 minutes in line for it while my group was already on their 3rd plates by the time I got back to the table.... . Since this is one of the included buffets on the Buffet of Buffets, I'd highly recommend it even if you only plan on going to 2 buffets. Paris' Le Village is definitely worth more than half of the cost already.. . I might also mention that the inside decor is great and really makes you feel like you're in a little city in France, AND the waitresses are super friendly and are all dressed just like I'd imagine they would be in France too. :)
This review is for breakfast and dinner.  . . They had stellar prime rib hash and stewed breakfast fruits.  Also very good and fresh real corned beef hash.   The coffee at breakfast was quite good too.. . Dinner is good, but not as good as the breakfast.  Like the gourmet cheeses, fresh bread and french influence.  There is a good variety.. . Get the 24 hour buffet pass to do this, you won't be disappointed.
I visit here everytime i come to Vegas, good food
I highly recommend this place for breakfast. Of course breakfast is the only time I've ever been here. I'm not sure why they sat me as far as possible from everything since I was by myself. I had to walk past 6 empty two sweater table for the hour I was there. But that aside, make sure you do not skip the crepe bar!  And bring a buck with you. Those guys deserve a tip! ;) I got the #2 crepe which was full of berries drizzled with raspberry syrup. Outstanding. Not too sweet. Just sweet enough. I would defiantly go back!
Every time we passed this place there was always a line, which could be a good thing. In Vegas, we always make time for the buffet because we're gluttons and love a little bit of everything. Why order one breakfast item when you can have 20?. . The hotel gave us a coupon book for different activities and restauants. There was a coupon f or $5.00 off per person for the buffet so we decided we had to go for breakfast, despite the line. While in line, I pulled up their Yelp review. Reviews were mixed, most good, some bad. We just went for it and boy was it worth it.. . With your total rewards card you receive $3.00 then we had the coupon for $5.00 more off which came to a total of $23.00 for two. Not too bad at a Vegas buffet. We were seated pretty quickly after paying then it was on.. . There were variations of eggs, french toast, bacon, pancakes and even crepes (which we totally worth the wait, by the way). There weren't as many desserts as I hoped but the ones they had were definitely quality.. . I will certainly be back again. Worth every penny!
I know there's better buffets in Las Vegas but this is still one of my favorites namely because they have pesto pasta.  I don't know what it is about pesto, it's a sauce that really doesn't have too much flavor but whenever I see it on a menu I've just got to have it.  And this is the one buffet that always has it.  I always get a big plateful of it and pair it up with some sausage and broiled veggies.  Ok, that's the other thing this place always does right, the vegetables.  I know it's really simple, but they must use some really fresh eggplant and peppers (the green, orange, red, and yellow types) because they always taste so good.  The rest of the foods here are pretty good but nothing stands out.  They have what appears to be a decent seafood section but their crabs are always eh, very small and thin crab legs with stringy meat.  Dessert selection is decent and the decor is very cute.  You feel like you're sitting outside of a sweet French cafe.
What is better than a little brunch after partying the night before? A champagne brunch in  what seems like is the middle of the village from Beauty and the Beast!!!. . You have to wait in line so take that into account when you make plans to go. My bf and I got there at 9:15am and got seated exactly at 10am. The champagne brunch starts at 10, so we were totally fine with that. . . At first, the service seemed to be a little off because they were so busy, but then we had this wonderful lady who was extremely attentive. I'm bummed I can't remember her name, but she was awesome. She actually just gave us a cold bottle of champagne, since we kept on getting refills, and she continued to refill our flutes after. . . The food quality and selection was wonderful..they have fresh crepes, omelets, a sushi chef (basic stuff), crab legs (nom nom nom) and creme brulee (my favorite dessert) that they were actually caramelizing in from of you.. . At about 30 bucks a person, it's well worth it. Just be prepared to wait.
This place is really good for the price. They have a good selection but definitely not a five star. I really enjoyed their prime rib and shrimp, even though I wish I didn't have to peel it myself. They also have a crepe station which is nice. They don't have nutella but they have a good selection of other sides.
Came here for dinner.  It's not a great variety here.  It's a smaller buffet.  There wasn't much of a wait on a Sunday night.  Took about 15 minutes.  Everyone else in line seemed to be on the buffet of buffet deal.  We were on a comp from a hotel deal.  . . Only two things are great.  Their prime rib and creme brulee.  I had 4 pieces of prime rib.  Even the center part,which is usually less flavorful and dry, is just as good as the coveted outside portion.  They didn't cut slices but pieces for you.  At first, I was a bit offended to receive a chunk of prime rib rather than a slice.  Then i realized it didn't matter which part you got.  . . I got 4 of their creme brulees.  I don't know which other buffets have them so I kept going back.  . . They also have lamb if you like that.  Their tri tip was a bit dry.  I like their cookies as well.. . I know some other people have mentioned the mac and cheese but that wasn't very good.
Went here for brunch/lunch.  The prime rib was pretty good, crab legs passable. Everything else standard buffet fare. Macaroons also quite delecious. Pretty good overall for the price. Great dessert selection.
Awesome brunch! This is my go to place for buffet brunch in Vegas. Unlimited champagne and mimosas for the alchies! Nice buzz every time when eating brunch here, love it.. . I think this buffet deserves better ratings. I have been here many times and never had a problem with service, I find all the waitress to befriendly and very down to earth. The ambiance is quite dark and it may not be fancy schmancy looking like the Wynn buffet but I love the food.. . My favorite is the prime rib, very tender and tasty. The made to order crepes stuffed with bananas or fruits of your choice are another highlight. Yes, they also have unlimited amounts of long crab legs as I know a certain population only go to these buffets for the crabs. You know who you are!. . Can't go wrong with the brunch buffet here especially with unlimited champagne and mimosas.
i chose to come here for breakfast using my buffet of buffets. the line at 10am was quite long but moved relatively fast. they have great selection of food for breakfast because it was a brunch (weekends only). the crepe station is definitely worth lining up for. i only wish i was hungrier than usual to stuff my face. i managed to eat shrimp cocktail for breakfast(peeled!), some crab legs(i wonder if these were left over from the previous night's dinner...), and lots of small other things. definitely a delicious choice! i only wish i had time for dinner here! service was nonexistent. but once we got our drinks they were never refilled!!
Pros : Prime rib was seasoned and perfectly cooked, the selection was really diverse.  Liked the duck as well. They also have a crepes area where you can order a savory or sweet crepe or make your own. I got the mushroom and spinach, that was very good! Their dessert bar was great, with lemon tarts, chocolate shell tarts, cheesecake, and many pies and cookies. We had a group of 5 and got seated in a really quaint quiet room so that was nice. Our server also brought over a plate of crab legs which was a nice gesture. . . . Cons: Nothing much about this place except the lack of seafood. And the fish I ate had bones in it which I ended up swallowing since it wasn't expected.
Very yummy! I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but I really liked this place :). . Came here with a very large group (an ENTIRE Filipino family), and we were seated in less than 10 minutes. This was thanks to my boyfriend's very slick grandma who used her tactics and talked to the manager into seating us immediately (despite the extremely long line). How she does it, no one will ever know... but that woman is gifted.. . Anyway, this place is really good! There are many healthy options, so you don't feel too gluttonous in this city of sin. Lots of fresh foods like salads, seafoods, and meats. My personal favorite was the crepe bar! . . I would come here again!
I remember coming here as a kid years ago and being just absolutely amazed by all that this place has to offer. Come back here much older and much less jaded by Vegas, I can think clearly about how this place actually is.. . The GOOD:. + I really like how the stations are organized into little french houses/store fronts. It makes the whole atmosphere really cute and unique. I felt like I was getting crepe at a crepe shop and bread at a bread shop.. + Food definitely tasted good. They had a large variety of foods for breakfast and lunch. . + Breakfast: make your own crepe station, waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs benedict, ham, sausage, bacon, eggs, potatoes, hash brown, and all sorts of dessert items. Lots of things to try and taste.. + Lunch: asparagus, prime rib, chicken, 3 different pastas, fish, and all sorts of other stuff. . . The BAD:. + The line was easily a 2 hour wait any time around breakfast... I felt like there was no good time to go. (Tip: You can pay an extra $10 to cut the line at any time, per person. Also if you have anything above a Diamond card, you can cut the line for free.). +  Breakfast is served till 11 AM... and they will switch on you with NO warning. I was in line for the crepes and was looking forward to getting the rest of my breakfast items but when I got out of line, EVERYTHING was changed from breakfast to lunch.... everything basically just disappeared without warning. After paying to cut the line... I was VERY disappointed by the fact that I couldn't actually eat breakfast.... . I think if you plan properly (ie. check times and plan ahead to wait in line or pay to cut), you will enjoy the food here. It's tough getting in, but after that, you can plenty of chances to enjoy a delicious buffet.
5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!. . 3rd of 5 I wasn't hungry in the morning, but great breakfast here!. . Crepes were excellent here. This is what stands out to me the most.. . You can easily get lost in here.  My mother in law was getting food and got lost looking for the table.  I had to find her and bring her back.. . Good service!. . Restrooms were a bit far from the food area, but they were still within its bounds which was fine.  Not easy to change a diaper in those restrooms though.. . Don't forget to bring single dollars to tip the crepes maker and waitress.
I've never been super engaged in the Las Vegas buffet wars. I'm generally a light eater, so the concept of paying a premium for the opportunity to stuff food in my face by the pound and praise this All-American testament to culinary excess is not anything I aspire to, and yet, I can't separate it from the Vegas experience. Fortunately, Le Village Buffet is an honest cut above, perhaps the only buffet I've had in Vegas that didn't taste like a buffet, with the heat lamps and the rubbery food and pink slime and such. Choices are abundant, food is fresh, and really, it doesn't sit, since everyone is attacking all stations at all times. It's a pain in the ass getting in, and while a lot of recent reviews about declining quality give me pause, I will likely return next time I'm in LV to check for myself. Champagne makes it all go down better.
I'm not a big buffet eater, but you have to do at least one while in Vegas. Thank goodness we read the reviews and completely agree with the assessment of the majority of other yelpers in 2012. We went for lunch and it was really good. We had 2 helping of prime rib because it was just that good. We tried a slew items including the "fish & chips" and were pleasantly surprised that everything was seasoned and spiced accordingly. My fear in going to buffets is that most of the food is bland, but this was really good and we would definitely go there again. Have FUN and Happy Eating!!
great food and selection for dinner. great service.. . all around wonderful buffet.. . would return.
Even if you hate buffets, just try this place.. If you're using the Buffet of Buffets offer that is basically unlimited buffets at all the Harrah's properties for 24 hours for $45, you'll want to come back again and again.. . Most buffets have a hunk of dry roast beef they try to pass off as Prime Rib, this one will actually serve steak. . Ice cream? No, these guys do gelato.. Speaking of dessert, how about a freshly made crepe made-to-order?. . I would be giving this place five stars but the particular waiter we had was very inattentive and it was difficult to get our drinks filled.
i can't complain too much, we got to grub here for free. i love that it's not superly huge that you feel like you're eating in a cafeteria. the little french village ambiance is gorgeous! and the lines, like many other buffets in LV, are long, but definitely worth it.. . like many other buffets, you have a variety of stations from asian to Mediterranean, breakfast, to italian.  my favorite is definitely the made to order crepe station! the only thing it really lacks is seafood. but i guess if you really want seafood you'd just go to Rio. . . my overall experience here is good, the food was delicious. the one thing that made me chuckle was that the busboy accidently cleaned our table thinking we left already (even though we still had our jackets hanging on the chairs). when we got back to our table, everything was cleared off, including our drinks. i didn't get upset becuz this was actually the second time it happened on this same trip but at a different buffet.
Being a Francophile, my expectations were quite high for a buffet that touts a culinary regional tour of France. Highlights first! CREPE STATION is a made to order delight. My fave is the banana nutella crepe. The CASSOULET is very scrumptious along with the CHOUCROUTE. As for the desserts not really sure what those taste like. I was thoroughly stuffed. Service is great btw!!! Well worth it and I would come back again!!!
Le Village was the first buffet we went to on the 'buffet of buffets' package. Overall, the food is really great, considering its buffet nature, and the made-to-order stations are awesome.. . Particularly we liked the crepe station as well as the meat carving stations. We liked it so much, we ended up having a breakfast, a lunch and a dinner at the place, which was coincidentally right below our hotel room. . . Other choice things to look out for include,. - Breakfast omelet -- tasty and made fresh. We did not even experience a long line at the station!. - Braised duck. Does more need to be said?. - Meat carving stations. Delicious, and the meat tastes as if brined so it has a wonderfully salty flavor throughout. . - Pastas. Surprisingly, these are not a waste of time.. . We thought the atmosphere, while completely fake, was charming. The restaurant is in a kind of perpetual dusk, no matter the time of day. The staff were always very nice and helpful.
Let me start by saying that my husband and I are not buffet people. I hate the idea of over-paying for mediocre food, just so that you can stuff yourself to near unconsciousness (to "get your money's worth") and feel disgusting afterwards. This has been my experience with most buffets in the past and why Le Village Buffet at Paris Hotel and Casino was such a pleasant and delicious surprise. . . I went to this Buffet with my mom, husband, and two kids for the Champagne Brunch on a Sunday. First of all, UNLIMITED MIMOSAS...nuff said, right? But then they took it a step further and had amazing food. The French Toast was incredible, scrambled eggs were well seasoned (which is rare, even if you're not at a buffet), sausage was plump and juicy, and the bacon was crisp and perfectly cooked. But the real show-stealer was the crepe station. There was a bit of a line, but it was well worth the wait. They had about 8 selections to choose from (4 sweet, 4 savory) and each was made to order right in front of you. This buffet is worth coming to for the mimosas and crepes alone. But I of course had to try the creme brulee as well, and it was fantastic...not the best I've had, but no doubt delicious. . . The only reason I did not give this buffet 5 stars is because only the breakfast food was enjoyable. Being brunch, I felt that some of the more lunch-type items were seriously lacking in comparison to their breakfast counterparts. Not even worth eating, in my opinion. But our server was friendly and attentive (also a rarity at a buffet) and she kept the mimosas coming. All in all, I think Le Village Buffet may have restored my faith in buffets and made me willing to try more...if only I can resist going back to this one every time.
This place hit the spot!  Paying with cash gets you a cheaper deal and I would highly suggest springing the extra mula for unlimited alcoholic drinks.  There's just something about sipping on mimosas that will make your day start off right!. . The food was plentiful and had a lot of selections.  My faves were the:. prime rib. asparagus. fancy mac and cheese. scrambled eggs. bacon. crepes!!!. cheese cake. . We also had a super hard working and friendly server that made meal even better! Overall, its quite charming with its decorations and has great food.  You're sure to find something you'll enjoy.
I love coming to eat here for either Sat or Sunday brunch buffet!
For breakfast and lunch the custom made crepes and omletts are great. Lots of selection including lamb. The deserts include cremebulee and they are all delicious.
This place is definitely the best buffet of all the 6 buffet of buffets.  I had a great waitress and I love the atmosphere of the restaurant.  . . Their crepes were delicious and please make sure to try their prime rib too.  Their creme brulee and mac & cheese were good too!  They are probably not the best buffet in Las Vegas but definitely the best for the 24hr buffet deal.
We started at the Paris buffet for the buffet of buffet deal. Standing in line at this place was a little bit like standing in line at Disneyland. They had really good food... their pesto pasta was amazing, their ravioli was amazing, and they even had some buji food too like duck l'orange... YUMMY! Probably my favorite buffet we went to.
PRIME RIB was sooo on point that my friends and i keep going back for more!!! . . Flan was delicious.... Creme Brulee wasn't all that great that day and the Crepe wasn't either :(. . Lines will be long so come early!! I love buffets in Vegas! oink oink!
Buffets are my kryptonite.  This one is my fave one out of the Buffet-of-Buffets offerings.. . When you get endless visits to pile on the dishes you enjoy, it equates to non-stop eating... so I'm not even going to attempt listing what they offer except a few of the memorable dishes here:. . * custom-crepe station - hello both savory and sweet concoctions!. * Andouille sausage - spicy and fatty!. * grilled chicken thighs - super tender!. * fresh crab legs platter - ahh, endless too.  SO good!. * mimosas - just what the brunch ordered!. * cheesecake bites - heavy cream-cheese goodness!  not enough?  go back for 2nds or 3rds.... . Service was friendly and our drinks never remained empty...for long.
My new favorite LV buffet! What's up with buffets not having bathrooms on the premises? I mean, I get it from a practicality standpoint - keep em full - but isn't there a health code violation somewhere in there? I don't get it.. . Dessert bar looked amazing but I didn't get to try anything because a) it was 1pm and I am not an orca and b) there was nothing glutard-friendly aside from some ice creams and other dairy-esque things that I was not brave enough to try before my drive back to LA.. . Better than most. If you've got time and some options, choose this one. I think I ate like 12 whole sweet potatoes FTW.
I have been to Le Village buffet a number of times but it has always been for lunch or dinner.  Today, I met some friends from the East who I was taking hiking at Mount Charleston and we decided to have breakfast here.  It was a good choice.. . We were there when it opened at 7 AM, and we were the first at the omelette/fresh egg station.  I got an omelette made with mushrooms, spinach, jalapenos, and cheese.  The omelette was quickly done by the cook and it was very good.  I also had a few slices of bacon.  It was not crisp nor limp but somewhere in between.  Now it was time for dessert.. . I walked over to the crepe section.  I studied the list of crepes and decided on the second one, the crepe made with fresh strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries.  The cook poured the batter, spread it around the griddle with his little crepe plow, evening out the batter so it was a thin pancake on the griddle.  He turned it and then filled it with the fruit listed above.  After folding it expertly, he topped it with some fresh whipped cream and then spread some raspberry coulis on the whipped cream.  The crepe was so hot, the whipped cream slid off as I walked back to the table.. . I thoroughly enjoyed breakfast here.  Service was good and the individual stations had great choices.  I could go back again and have several completely different things.  . . This is a very strong breakfast buffet!
So we hit Le Village twice while we were there. We had the Buffet of Buffets deal, so we could go as many times as we wanted in 24 hours. We went for dinner, then breakfast the next day. Overall, it was an awesome buffet. The food was very fresh for a buffet and they had a wide array of foods. I was especially hapy with their selection of grilled meats, impressive. they had all of the goodies you'd want in a buffet with a French theme. I think the breakfast was a tad better than the dinner, but overall it was very good.
This is always a solid brunch/breakfast buffet choice.  If you get there early enough, you can avoid the long lines and still get great breakfast and lunch options.  The brunch also includes champagne/mimosas if you like, and is $27 per person.. . The food is great, with different sections for different items.  I especially enjoyed the different choices of meats and the egg concoctions, and the desserts were delicious.  . . Our waitress was a bit slow about asking us if we'd like drink refills, and I wasn't crazy about the OJ,  but other than that, service was overall fine. . . They have carved meatsand a crepe station, which expectedly, were really popular. . . Of course, everything is French themed, which was cute as well.
The Paris Le Village buffet is (so far) my favorite buffet in Vegas.  We went for dinner a couple of nights ago and I enjoyed the set up, with different food stations serving items from different regions.  The dishes are not usually true to those regions, and all the offerings under "Burgundy" were American, but I give them kudos for at least trying.. . The setting in a medieval French village under a fake sky might remind you of Disneyland, but it was still charming.. . As for the food, there were some hits and misses, as you would expect, but in general it was quite good.  Try the grilled meats at the Savoie station - just don't make the mistake of putting any sauces on them (though you may need some salt).  The stuffed sole at the Normandy station was also excellent, with a very nice crust.  Don't miss the scalloped potatoes or caramelized onions in the Alsace station either.  If you want to go for something non-French, the prime rib is also very good.. . As for desserts, you definitely shouldn't miss the make-to-order crepes in the Brittany section, but bear in mind that the strawberries, in particular, are very sweet so make sure to add something more plain to compensate for that.  At the dessert station go for the chocolate mousse pastry and see if you can fin al ittle cookie sandwich with some creamy filling - it's out of this world.. . My one gripe with this buffet is that many dishes were mislabeled or not labeled at all - I like to know exactly what I'm eating, even when it seems self-evident.. . If you are fond of mimosas and cheap champagne (which I am), the $14 unlimited drink deal is pretty good - but stay away from the wines.. . Our server wasn't cheerful the night we went, but I guess she was efficient enough.
I love this place. It has everything that a buffet should offer. . The food quality is pretty good and they prepare most of the food at the counter, so its pretty fresh. . . One thing that you should keep in mind is the waiting time.
Eating breakfast in a small French village has such a great ring into it. We ate a Sunday brunch. Mamosa just kept flowing which is really nice. Typical buffet, but I did like their prime rib, eggs benedict, and creme burlee. Just a good place to enjoy food and chat with friends.
I'm a sucker for buffets, but when you have unlimited mimosas and champagne, that's an automatic 4 stars for me.  To me, the real standouts here would be the eggs benedict and the brie mac and cheese.  . . For a buffet, I was shocked on how perfect the egg was on my benedict, and how crispy the muffin remained.  It was just amaing.  The sauce was decent, nothing earth shattering, but the benedict as a whole was well balanced and good. . . The brie mac and cheese was amazing!  It was creamy, not too salty, and the sides were nice and charred.  The macaroni shells itself had a nice firmness, so it wasn't this mushy pile of mess.  I couldn't help but get seconds and thirds.. . Overall, the buffet was decent.  The prime rib was actually good, and if you wanted a more crispier cut after your first serving of medium slice, they can grill your slice for you.. . If you do the buffet of buffets deal for $49.99, make sure you save this place for your champagne brunch.  What a value!
I know enough about French cuisine and the many regions and preparation methods (classical French vs, country French), which is why I can say that for a buffet, this place is good. yes the line was long but just the desserts are worth it. I was most impressed with the Alsatian (Alsace-Lorraine region) selections, well they did taste like Gallicized German food. But the red sauerkraut (cabbage) they used was just right for me. The sauteed pearl onions filled the air with a delightful fragrance. For $31 this was a good interpretation of French cuisine. Finally, the desserts and apple pie are just phenomenal.
Still number two behind the Bellagio but well worth the visit. French specialties w/ standard higher end strip fare.  For an extra ten bucks you can bypass the line.
There are a number of things that I like about this buffet.  They served hummus and pita bread which just so happens to be one of my comfort foods.  They also have a pretty broad selection of food.  Not to mention that their crepe station totally won me over.  Can't go wrong with a freshly made crepe.  Their downside? A few of their items tasted stale (there's this thing that looks like a cracker sheet.. ugh.  and some of their cakes are really really dry.)  But there really is no need for dry cakes when you have crepes. :]
This is my favorite breakfast buffett in vegas. It has everything you can ever desire (for breakfast), i love the pastries, the different stations with a wide variety of food.. It is worth the price!. Wake up early and get there before the line is huge.
Gothere between 10:30-11am. They will let you in with a breakfast price yet you enjoy a lunch menu.. Obviously a waiting line was looooong we waited about 40-50 min but it wasn't bad.. They have a variety of foods and desserts we loved the quality. (Try their steak, it was melting in my mouth). You might wanna share your crape with your friend. I tried banana crape, it was good but I could only ate a half of them.
If you applied for the total rewards member cardyou can enjoy 24 hours enjoy 6 buffet paris, rio, flamingo, harrah's , planet hollywood and anther one which I have fogotten with 44.99,and 55 after-tax, the best is Le Village Buffet in Paris, various food, fish is yummy, king crab legs is plenty, the dessert  is a piece of art, I just enjoyed the foods here. no doubt, I have been there twice.
There are better buffets around the strip. But if you decide to go with the buffets of buffets deal, this is one of the better buffets. The crab legs here were decent. It was too salty.  The prime rib here was delicious. The meat was very tender and juicy. Lastly, the creme brulee was to die for. It was delicious not too sweet. Overall, I would recommended this buffet for the buffets of buffets deal.
Crepes!. . Le Village Buffet at The Paris does indeed boasta rustic French village vibe, albeit filtered through a faux-Disneyland style, but the decor is charmingly kitschy enough. The spread is more than decent, good enough to make up for the long lines that form on weekends. Prices are a bit steep as well, but with their emphasis on French delicacies like pastries, cheeses, and made to order Crepes, which beats Omelets any day (though you can also order those at the Omelet station).. . A fun yet slightly pricey buffet that's one of the most popular in Las Vegas for good reasons.
Little pricey, but selection of meat was good.  Creeps were excellent and desert selection was great.
Always a solid buffet.  Maybe not as large a selection as some of the others like the Carnival world, but everythign they put out is always great and it doesnt matter what meal you are there for, SAVE ROOM FOR A CREPE, they're just plain awesome.
Wonderful crepe station, exceptional savory mushroom crepes.. The prime rib was very good and other dishes were average to above-average.. The scenery is relaxing if you don't get stuck in one of the side rooms.. The wait service was very slow at bringing drinks and clearing used dishes.. Overall worth a visit if you like crepes.
My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast after purchasing the 24-hour buffet pass.. . Pro's:. 1. unlimited mimosa's, =) -- Sunday's only I believe. 2. Crepe's are to die for - had both a sweet and a savory one. 3. delicious breakfast food and TONS of options!. 4. fun and silly atmosphere - kind of like Disneyland.... (but so is the hotel itself I guess). . Con's;. 1. Not all food is breakfast food - lots of 'dinner' type options. 2. I have never seen the line NOT be long, and the wait takes awhile
EXCEPTIONAL BREAKFAST. Really really good. Tons of pastries, 'Merican food, fancy food, crepes, stuff... all very yummy and fresh. Bigger than many of the other casinos' buffets and prettier.. . We got the 5-buffets-for-24-hours deal, and managed to hit this one up for breakfast twice ;D go first 2 hrs or something after they open, then come back the next day right when they open. Of all the buffets we tried via this dealio (although Caesars was CLOSED FOR REMODELING grrrrr), this was my favorite.. . The Paris hotel has gotten a lot of things right - the atmosphere is awesome, the Sugar Factory is kickarse, and Le Village is tres bon. Ou est la bibliotheque? Je ne sais pas, mais je suis un saucisse! :D
Unfortunately as mentioned, there was a huge line up to get in here for breakfast but it is definitely worth the wait.  They do provide a $10pp VIP line-bypass as well which we opted for since we were wanting to go about our day rather than wait an hour in line. . . Overall the buffet was excellent with plenty of selection.  Most noteable would definitely by the brandy-apple crepe that I split with my wife.  They had an almost overwhelming selection of breakfast meats, including about 5-6 different types of sausage alone, with the andouille being my favourite.  . . Overall, a great meal for a reasonable price.  The service unfortunately is atrocious, which I wouldn't have expected, especially with "VIP" entrance.  We waited for 15 minutes before we actually had to walk up to a waitress to order our beverages.
This place is a really solid performer, over the years.(I've been a patron for probably 7 years) .  I'm conflicted with the four star, but let me try to explain why -. . It's hard to rate a buffet, you know, since they offer three different meals a day and also can have off days.  I'd have to say the breakfast is probably one of the best buffets on the strip, plenty of variety and the food is always a 4 star.  Lunch, again, fantastic selection, maybe lose a half star because there's nothing on the menu that really really shines, but then again, I don't expect a place to really knock me outta my shoes for lunch.  Le Village, for dinner however, I'd skip.  The selection is there again, but there are alot of other fantastic options on the strip for barely a few dollars more.
We got 24hours pass (Buffet of Buffets) and we used it 5 times in 24 hours. Among those 5 times, we visited Le Village Buffet three times because it was much more better than the other buffets. The ambience is very nice. The food is good but not very special. We liked their breakfasts much more than dinner and lunch.
My group utilized the buffet of buffets wristband and did the line cutting with the $15 express thing they had.  We were seated quickly. I ordered three drinks: AJ, Choc milk, Coffee and I received it all with the addition of water.  One of the first places I attacked was crepe area. Fortunately the line was short. People making the crepes looked miserable. Then again, some of them come across customers like this one lady that held up the line because she forced the lady to remake her crepe because she supposedly put the wrong topping on her crepe". Everyone in line made sure that chick knew she was dumb. So after she got her crepe, the same lady made mine. I felt bad for how that lady was to her so I tipped her a dollar. She instantly put a smile on her face and I think she felt appreciated and treated me well also. This buffet had snow crabs and shrimp galore. It made me a happy gal as I love seafood! The rest is history, and I waddled my way out (not really, but you know that means I ate my money's worth). I was extremely satisfied with their buffet.
A dinner here is never second best...after all, miss, this is France. . . I sang this song in my head for the entire meal at Le Buffet. The ambience of this French themed buffet reminded me of Beauty and the Beast. Unlike most fluorescent lighted buffets, this buffet is beautifully decorated. It's like eating in a French village under a lovely clear blue sky. . . The food is good and a step above traditional buffet foods. The roast beef and prime rib were both wonderful. The crepe station is awesome! What could be better than a fresh made crepe?!? . . At $30 for dinner, it's a little pricey but what buffet in Vegas isn't anymore? Next time, I'll be sure to take advantage of the $45 all-you-can-eat in 24 hours deal, which included six buffets in the Harrah's family of casinos.
The only uniquely different buffet in Las Vegas.  Every other buffet in town is more or less the same thing.  Not here, if you want a unique buffet experience, this is the place.  You better like simple excellent French food, if not go to the 100 other crab leg & pizza buffets in town.
This is a relative four. I am on the border between a three and four.  This buffet use to be one of the best in Las Vegas.  The Wynn group combined about 10 casino buffets including this one.  I was comp'd at two of the other buffets at Planet Hollywood and Harrah's.  The reason it is a relative four is that Planet Hollywood is comprable to Home Town Buffet or other local buffet and Harrah's was SOS inedible, if I wasn't comp'd (I was comp'd as part of deal, not by Harrah's) for this place I would have been pissed.. . So the four stars is that this buffet is still far above the rest, but no longer the best of the best.  The food went from great to good.
This buffet is what I'd call a typical Vegas buffet but with an upscale feel with average food. Le Village Buffet was designed as a 19th century French Village and features live birds flying around the buffet.. . Just looking around the buffet reminds me of the old Disney movie, Beauty and the Beast, where Belle in the beginning of the movie walks to a French Village and seeing Bonjour, Bonjour.. . The service here was excellent and the wait can take a while unless you are a high tier forTotal Rewards VIP. What I liked about this buffet is the design and setting of the buffet, food is okay but not great. . . Plus: . . +Buffet design. +Crepe Station. +Fresh Sliced Bacon in their meat station. +Smoked Salmon . +Great Service. +Classic French Uniforms. . Cons:. . -Dessert Section. -Limited Seating during dinner
I came here on 11/28 as part of the Buffet of Buffets special.  This was our favorite buffet.  We started here for breakfast and ended up coming back for dinner after a couple really bad other buffet attempts for lunch.  The food was good, not amazing. We were happy with it.
During our stay at Paris Hotel, before we went out to roam around the strip...we decided to have breakfast Le Village Buffet. We arrived early enough to avoid the lines that started to form shortly there after. And even then, the lines appeared to move quickly. The staff there were very attentive to it's patrons. We had heard from another guest the night before, that the omelette station was really good.  And they were absolutely right. In addition to the omelette's, they also had really good Eggs Benedict, and Crepes. Although my wife has a special request in regards to the making of her crepe, and the breakfast chef said they all come a certain way and did not deviate from the toppings and fillings of their crepes. That didn't set well with mommy! I addressed it with the managerial staff and our concerns were address and met. Other that that, everything was pretty good. My wife kept going back for their smoked salmon. I tried a little bit of everything from a variety of smoked sausages, Eggs Benedict , potatoes with sauteed sweet onions and had no complaints at all. The two kids were happy, and like I've said before....if mommy is happy, I am happy! Overall a very good breakfast. I am a fan!
I don't see what everybody is complaining about. The food here is great, they have a good theme, but, the service was a bit slow. Some of the meats were a little drier than I expected, but the prime rib was tasty. I have to recommend the crepes. The dessert crepes were excellent. Speaking of dessert, the ice cream was very high quality.. . All in all, it was the best buffet that I have gone to and it was very good, the service was lacking and they could work on some things. Four stars. Not the best food, but for a buffet it was great, price was right, but it wasn't perfect.
This review is for the buffet located in the Paris Hotel Casino, it can be pretty pricey to eat here since there are different prices for Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner and those prices are subject to change during holidays as well.. . I waited in line about 20 minutes for dinner and around 2 minutes for breakfast so please be aware the waiting times do vary.. . The food in my opinion for dinner is definitely top 5 for Vegas buffets, large selection of meats (Prime Rib, Roast, Sausages, Chicken, Pork, Duck, Lamb) fish (Shrimp, Crab legs, Mussels, Clams, salmon) and a variety of french dishes and pasta.  Please be aware the this place gets packed on weekends and holidays, so wait times for drinks etc. can be lengthy, the staff was very helpful and courteous during my meal.  For Breakfast they pretty much cover everything under the sun as well, it opens at 7am so if you get there around 8am, you should be okay.  There wasn't as large of a selection of fresh fruits as I would like for a breakfast buffet, but the rest of the items made up for it.  Definitely try a cut of bacon with your eggs, they have the normal type bacon, but where the prime rib cutting station is, they have a huge slab of bacon, freshly cut and thick.. . I would definitely recommend this buffet.
Let me start by saying I've only been to two dinner buffets in Vegas so far: Le Village and the Bellagio buffet. And I enjoy this place more than the Bellagio.. . The food was quite tasty, and I enjoyed everything I ate. I could easily give this place 5 stars except for the price ($35 on weekends). It's clearly to account for the more expensive items such as crab legs, which I don't really enjoy. If that's the reason you're going to a Vegas buffet, go to the Bellagio because they have more meaty and easier to eat crab legs.. . The decore, which I assume is to be similar to a Paris street, but it's a bit cheesy. . . Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll probably suggest to my wife that we go back to the Village. Oh, and skip their desserts in favor of a crepe.
The dinner buffet was delicious.  It was a bit pricey at around $32.00 but everything was delicious from the prime rib to the split crab legs.  I agree with the others that the crepe station was outstanding.
Came here around lunchtime on a Saturday and ended up waiting around 45 min. All in all, not bad at all for a Vegas buffet. We were seated once we got to the front of the line and were unleashed into the madness. They had some fake rustic decorations but I suppose no one is really looking around while they're busy shoveling food into their mouths.. . There is the standard meat station, crepe station, seafood (crab legs!), salad/fruit, some random sushi, pastas, and a crap-ton of breakfast food randomly spread out across all the stations. Service was slightly shoddy as the meat carver disappeared for a while and my waitress never brought me me orange juice. However the food overall was quite tasty. The crepe station was popular (don't get the savory crepes, it's never warmed up quite right inside the crepe) because of the freshly made crepes. The prime rib slab was HUGE and I ended up sharing with my friends.The eggs benedict was quite tasty, as well as the ham quiche/tart thing. All the breakfast foods were good, not great.. . Shining star for me was the dessert station. So many varieties I couldn't make up my mind. I made a few rounds before I saw one of the workers roll in a huge cart full of creme brulees. They were delicious! I wanted to go back for more but I was way too full already. Overall, a great buffet. Was worth going to as we had the buffet of buffets pass. I would come back again.
Le Village Buffet is part of the Buffet of Buffets deal ($45 to dine for 24 hours). We went here twice and were happy both times. The deal is totally worth it at these buffets and we loved how Le Village offers bottomless mimosas for breakfast/brunch. How awesome is that? Service is super nice and always check on you. There's a great variety of different French-styled foods and desserts. Definitely worth checking out and one of the more memorable buffets I've had in Sin City.
Not a big fan of Paris (the hotel,casino, or the city), but this place is pretty legit for lunch. We all had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so we decided to test this place out. . . The overall selection was actually pretty good and the service was pretty friendly. The standout items are probably the crab legs, crepes, and the CREME BRULEE. I didn't even know they served it in the pastry section until I saw one woman..... . GO. TO. TOWN. on those things. I really hope she came with a large family, because that lady was packing 12 creme brulee cups on her plate. The thing is, I don't blame her. I would have taken 12 myself if I didn't do work on the crab legs and tri tip.
this is for the breakfast only. I'm a breakfast person. I'll eat breakfast for lunch or dinner. I also love my eggs and potatoes.. . If you love potatoes, come here. Different dishes of potatoes. Breakfast style of course. Not just the plain boring hash browns you find elsewhere. . . Different dishes of eggs. I loved the variety of eggs dishes. . . Im not a crepe person. Long line didn't want to wait. Yeah, theres an Omelette station. And wait!!!! a bagel toasting station with cream cheese, lox, capers, tomato, and onion -- just like how Einstein Bagels makes em. Sold!. . Breakfast at Paris for me from now on if I'm ever up at 9am again in Vegas. I think this is my first breakfast buffet ever..... I'm usually not a morning person, i love to sleep in, it's my therapy! Really.
Probably, Paris is the best buffet we had in this trip (Rio, Planet Hollywood) with 24 hrs pass, but their service is went down since the last time I've been here.  The server just put your drink & never see him again (with wrong drinks).  But, the food is pretty good, to make up the service.  But for breakfast buffet @ $25 (weekend) is too hard to swallow.  The crepe line is too slow (only 1 cook).
If you're looking for a buffet on the Strip that offers a difference experience (in both food and presentation) from ordinary buffets, definitely try the buffet at Paris.. . This buffet is a great reminder of what can be great about Vegas; dining in Le Village will immerse you into the feel and charm of eating in a nice village in France. From the setting to the waiters, and of course the food, the ambiance certainly sets Le Village apart from other contemporary buffets.. . But the food. That's what we came here for right? And believe me, it won't disappoint. Beyond offering some of the more traditional stuff you'll see at every buffet, Le Village has French-influenced food (surprise surprise) which was a big hit for me. I definitely loved the selection and was able to try different things. And perhaps the best part of it all is that there's a crepe station to fulfill all yoursweet-tooth desire. But be forewarned, the crepe line can get mighty long, so if there's an opening, it might be smart to grab one real fast. . . Overall, I've been here on a couple occasions and I had a stellar experience each time. Definitely recommending Le Village if you're looking for a buffet that's not at the Wynn or Caesar's.
We wanted to avoid the typical buffets in Las Vegas, but was so glad we ate here.  the food was great, my wife and i debated if we should try the crepes, we are so glad we did! . the line for the restaurant moves quick dont get discouraged. unlimited beer wine for  only 12 bucks!
Opting to do at least one Las Vegas buffet, we decided on doing so in Paris: charmed by the themeing and reviews that mentioned it was one of the better options to try. While the food it self wasn't particularly memorable (we have done the buffet at the Palace hotel in San Francisco, which is the best buffet) the ambiance set the scene for what was an enjoyable experience.. . The food selection here is diverse and will please most, unless they come expecting mostly French cuisine. The options range from everything from Japanese (sushi) to Mediterranean (hummus). While there are some big winners to pick, like the mozzarella and tomatoes or the crepes, there are some so-so options you will have to deal with as well. The real allure of Le Village Buffet, however, is its appearance. The theme is a quiet little village, while capturing a slightly overdone decor (think Fantasyland at Disneyland) to make it memorable. Was almost worth it alone just to sit in those settings, in fact. In terms of price, it's more expensive than the other options, but does enough to differentiate itself to make it worth it.. . Overall, we won't be back, but we are happy we went and feel it's a suggestible activity to try out.
Not real French but its buffet with a French flare. Go on a Friday nite, they seem to have quite a bit of shellfish, my fav. The crepes are good too, that is if you can squeeze one down after ALL those plate of food. Better than most, although I have to admit The Buffet at the Wynn kicks butt.
My favorite buffet! Maybe I am just a crepe addict, but man oh man Nutella, bananas foster, savory crepes.... The works! Very pricey though, like eat till you can no longer breathe to get your money's worth. Service was eh, the lady at the crepe station didn't say a word to me... But whatever, she made my crepe perfect so that's what matters I guess.
I've ate here 3 times. Once in 2011 and twice March 2013. I liked it. . . Food I thought was great/delicious: prime rib and mashed potatoes! Mini square cheesecakes with a raspberry sauce. Mimosas!. . Food I thought was just "good": This last time I tried the omelet station, it was good, but not great. Same with the potatoes and biscuits and gravy.. . Service: 2 of 3 were good waitresses, one was just grouchy. But the other two more than made up for it.. . Value: It's a tad expensive, but we tried another buffet about the same price (on the strip) and Le Village was definitely tastier and better quality.
PROS: We had a groupon and i would say the food was well worth it. The crepes were outstanding. All of the desserts were fresh and delicious, the carrot cake, chocolate cake, cookies, custard and banana nutella crepe.  I'm a vegetarian and I had more than enough food to choose from. My husband enjoys his meats and had plenty also.. Cons: The service was slow. More than one station had everything labeled incorrectly. . Overall great dinner!
Out of all the buffets we went to, this one was my favorite. We went for lunch on Thursday and stood in line for 30 minutes. They had a wider selection of salad and fresh stuff I noticed. The dessert bar was half sugar free, which was not appealing to my dad and husband, but I think it was worth noting for people who need it sugar free. . . I wish we would have went back here for dinner, but we ran out of time and when we did come back a few days later, we opted out of the buffet scene. . . The atmosphere here reminded me of the Blue Bayou restaurant at Disneyland, where you eat inside of the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. This buffet has the faux sky ceiling and fake building fronts and waitresses are dressed in character for old Paris.
This was our first buffet stop in Vegas. We ate here mainly because we were staying at Paris and my friend, J, raved about their breakfast offerings. The wait can seem like an eternity if you're trying to get in before your 24 hour wristbands expire but in reality we waited 20 minutes on a Thursday am and 30 on Friday. We were told by the cashier if we had their Player's Club card we could have had $10 knocked off our wristband price.. I loved the small village ambiance that continued all the way into each dinning area. Both our servers each morning were quick with the drinks and a shout out to our second server who tried her best to locate a keno runner from Bally's for me to place a bet. As for the actual food a must is the rosemary potatoes, eggs Benedict and varieties of sausages from a group consensus. I personally liked the loxs and bagels. The salmon was fresh and there was still tons of it even though we were close to lunch time. I almost never get it and filled up on it like this was my last meal. Oh and if possible try to sit on the outside of buffet seating. People watching is great fun and I actually felt like I was at a small French cafe instead of inside a money gobbling casino.
the crepe bar is legit. great selection of food - clean and ok service. . the . line. sucks
Where do I begin? Sadly, we were only here for breakfast, but even that and a hint of some lunch items was enough for me to give it four stars. I'm pretty sure that it was $21.99 per person for the breakfast buffet, which came out to $51 something. . . I'm not going to lie; sometimes, I felt lost maneuvering through the buffet because the decor was a little overwhelming, and made it a little hard to find the food. that sounds a little dumb, but there was at least once where I didn't venture over to an area because I didn't know it was another station full of food. what i'm trying to tell you is that you need to walk around. some tucked away areas looked like they were just for dining, but there was even more food! what?!?!? . . again, we were there for the breakfast buffet. I've never seen so many plates of eggs and potatoes, and potatoes and eggs! there was plenty of bacon and sausage, as well. They had brioche, waffles, pancakes, and biscuits and gravy. This review is getting hard to write because I really can't remember all the food that they had out! haha. Faves? Lyonese potatoes, and a pasta dish with truffle oil and asparagus. . . Their dessert section had a LOT of croissants and other pastries, carrot cakes, cheesecakes, and creme brulee. Faves? tiny chocolate cake, and creme brulee.. . They had a made-to-order crepe station and omelette station. The hubby loved the two crepes that he loaded up on: caprese and mixed berry. I, on the other hand, tried an omelette with mushroom, ham, and eggs, which was yum. What i probably loved most about the buffet was that the two people who were operating these two stations were sooooo pleasant. They didn't seem to hate their jobs even though they were the only ones there to help their line of 10 to 15 people. I'm a sucker for great customer service. . . Ok. On the contrary, our first server had a serious attitude. So much so that she was actually arguing with the table next to us. I'm not going into that too much because she was replaced by another server, who was able to smile and not throw straws or napkins at our table. . . All in all, this buffet was probably the best we've been to in Vegas. The ones we've visited within the past two years have been such a disappointment and waste of money. Next time, we'll have to come back for dinner! Hopefully, the line isn't long, though. We got lucky coming here at around 9 AM-ish; line was practically nonexistent.
We came here for breakfast and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The made-to-order crepes are the star of course (delicious and chewy, stuffed to the point of bursting with your choice of filling) , but there are plenty of other breakfast staples to choose from as well:  anything from an assortment of breakfast meats (different kinds of sausages and bacon) to variations on the egg (quiches, mini-benedicts, scrambles, and made-to-order omelets) to hashes and breakfast potatoes to the requisite carb-fest (and after all, it wouldn't be Paris without croissants).  . . The food was quite tasty, and the decor was just superb.  The design and attention to detail make you almost feel like you're actually at an outdoor Paris street cafe ... or at the very least, a quite thorough imitation of the France portion of Epcot's World Showcase.
I was really excited to try the crepe area. The line wasn't too long and moved quick! . . The pretzel rolls-really good! Why waste buffet room on bread, i know, but trust me on this. . . Two kinds of macaroni and cheese, people!. . Plenty of desserts to tempt your taste buds!
This is a must-visit for breakfast.  Crepe and omelet stations, fresh french toast and pancakes, slab bacon (it should be criminal to _NOT_ have this as an offering at breakfast), and a host of other things.  I dinged it a star because the service was a tad scatterbrained.  I waited through 2 servers and about 20 minutes for a chocolate milk.  The food more than makes up for the service, but just in case, order an extra beverage when you sit down.
tip: best buffet from the buffet of buffets that do not need to add additional money to get in.. . the thick steak sauce with mushrooms is very good.  crepe station has a handful of sweet and savory crepes to choose from.  the potato leek soup is shared with other buffets like the spice market. has refined items like smoked salmon.  grilled foods were very rough. cocktail shrimp small and unpeeled.
We went here in May with the 2 for 1 Groupon deal with alcohol.  For the $45 we paid for the 2 of us to have a great dinner and 3 glasses each of champagne each, we loved it.  If we would have been paying full price ($40 each), I might not have loved it as much.. . The highlights for us was the seafood: crab legs (split already for you!), steamer clams, a seafood stew, and shrimp.  . . We also enjoyed the cheeses, crepes, pasta, and the different meats.  We left with a nice buzz and full tummies.  . . Our waitress Isela, needs a shout out.  She was really nice and kept the drinks coming and plates cleared quickly.. . If this comes up on groupon or any discount site again - I'd definitely go for it!
We went here for dinner.  Overall it was a good buffet! The truffle pasta and brie and bacon mac n cheese were my favorites.  The desserts were delicious, esp the nutella/banana made to order crepe, and creme brulle.  . . HOWEVER!. . In the 90 minutes we were there, our waitress came by to refill our drinks ONCE- and that was within 5 minutes of us receiving our first round.  She was rarely around to clear our dirty plates, we usually had to seek out a bus boy to take them.  And my aunt compared their service and attitude comparable to the service and attitude you would find in Paris itself (enough said on that!)  But their delicious food will still keep me coming back despite this :)
The food the food the food!  OMG, the food!  Lots of yummy tidbits to taste, presented nicely.  And lots of different cuisine.  And then there was the bottomless mimosa option for $11.99.  So worth it!
Came here for their lunch buffet.. . The lineup moves relatively quickly (plenty of seating), which is always a good thing.. . The inside reminded me of Beauty and the Beast (Disney), as it really does look like a somewhat cartoony French village.  They did a really good job on this one.. . The food is of decent quality.  Plenty of seafood (snow crab but no Alaska king crab).  I really liked the pasta, especially the macaroni and cheese (go figure).  The cheese section is a good way to try the various types out there if you've never had too much exposure in the past.. . One head-scratcher is that there's a sushi section.  Don't get me wrong, it's of decent quality even by Vancouver standards.  I just wonder if Napoleon packed that in his lunch when heading off to battle.. . The desserts are top notch.  Hello chocolate, sugar, and diabetes.. . Service is good overall.. . The washrooms here are pretty small and cramped, so you may want to use the facilities in the main casino area instead.. . While this is no Baccanal buffet (which is also costs $25 more), Le Village does hold its own, and is a great place to gorge oneself.
Here for the 2nd time at Paris Casino & not disappointed!  Great value at $21.99 for breakfast/lunch!    4 months ago, a Yelper wrote a negative review stating  "...there was no selection of 'Asian-Style' food..no sweet & sour, no tempura anything...".   Well, dummie--  no Asian food because this is a FRENCH Buffet, representing 8 or 9 regions of FRANCE (Brittanny, Burgundy, Provence, Savoie, etc.).   Nothing but "French food" (okay some American style too).. . Atmosphere a little dark. Wait staff have to wear some silly French costume,  Room is set up like some Fake-o French plaza--Reminds me of Disneyland exhibits.  I think this is the best buffet for the money (I only have experienced it in the AM/Noon time frame).  We arrived about 10:40, line not too bad.  Our friendly server was A++.  Xcellent job of keeping our coffee cups full, as well as bringing water, juice, etc. . . Breakfast foods galore-- bacon, sausage, egg white frittata, spinach omelet, croissants, apple sweet rolls, waffles, and marvelous CREPES--You must have them!  As well as Lox and bagels, Lyonnaise potatoes (yum!!) and other goodies.    . . Arrive at 10:30 or so, as you get the best of both worlds--they end breakfast around 11am-ish & start to put out lunch items:  Beef Burgundy, Chicken Chausser, Ceasar salad, etc.  Desserts were wonderful:  flan, creme brulee, cakes,cheesecake, tarts, tortes, and other 'nummie' things.  Lots of fruit and salads.. . Most other buffets have been huge disappointments to us, but not this one, great food and value for the money at the breakfastprice!
The girlfriend got a deal off Groupon for lunch for two with all you can drink for $36. . . We came here the Monday after EDC; you're probably asking a buffet after EDC? I know it sounds terrible, but surprisingly I had a great time. . . It was my first time at the Paris buffet; but I've been to the wicked spoon, Wynn buffet and the one at Caesar's so I thought this place wasn't going to compare. The wait was short for a Vegas buffet, I think we only had to wait 15-20 minutes before we were seated. Now onto the review itself!. . 3 stars for the food, they have a decent selection of sea food and French cuisines. My favorite is the bouillabaisse?? (spell check please haha) Our server was really nice and was on top of everything. The dessert section was pretty lacking, and it only has two flavors of ice cream.. . +1 star for the all you can drink, honestly after the 5th mimosa everything tasted the same. Of course being Asian, we have to get every drop of liquor out of my money. So we went for about 5 more. . . I had a lot of fun with my friends here, if you get a chance to buy the Groupon definantly take advantage. It's great value! Other than that it's a typical Vegas buffet.
As a breakfast buffet, this is 5 stars. Especially if you are doing the "Buffet of Buffets" and this is your breakfast after a huge buffet dinner the night before. I think it's the best breakfast buffet in Vegas for the money (Bacchanal is outright better, but is also more expensive).. . As a dinner or lunch buffet, it's really just a 3. There isn't much special here. Most of the "interesting" dishes are better done elsewhere. It's hard to justify this being your selection for those meals unless you happen to be staying in the hotel.. . Four stars.
My favorite buffet in Vegas! Their breakfast selection is sooo good! . . Tips:. - if you're staying at least 2 days in Vegas, get the buffet of buffet deal! It will save you a lot of money if you decide to just eat at buffets.. - come to Le Village buffet EARLY for dinner because the wait can go anywhere from 20mins-an hour!
Best breakfast buffet in Vegas!
Try their crepes! Don't be discouraged by the crepe line wait in the morning, it's worth the wait! They make them for lunch as well and the line is shorter.
Best LUNCH Buffet Deal Ever from Groupon. . $2.92 was the damage. . Lunch Buffet for two including unlimited alcohol!. . I don't know why but I was totally in love with the Caesar salad! . . Highlights of our experience:. prime rib. bbq lamb. seafood soup. pork belly. they make crepes fresh, right in front of you. unlimited champagne
On saturday they have mimosa for brunch. The food selection is pretty diverse, but you need to try the lamb and the crepes. The crepes across the street is like $8 and it is exactly the same stuff. I really liked the nutella and banana crepe. The ambiance is pretty nice, they have some very interesting paintings hanging on the walls in some of the rooms...
Went for lunch.. . The food was really good. . . I left happy.
I just went back to the Paris, exactly a year after my last visit, and had an even better experience.  While the menu has stayed substantially the same, some of the dishes I complained about before have been improved.  The cavapatti pasta in truffle sauce from the region of Provence, for example, is now so delicious that it wouldn't feel out of place at a Michelin star restaurant.  The bland mac & cheese from last year, now features brie and bacon and manages to satisfy grown up and kids alike.  And the quiche is more flavorful.. . A winner this time that I don't remember form last year is pork belly in the Alsace region.  Delicious flavor, fork tender and moist. Try it.  . . The creme brulee has also improved, the custard had a good flavor that stood up to the burnt sugar.  Even the kids liked it.  Chocolate desserts were out of this world, and my crepe this time - with banana, chocolate sauce and hazelnuts, was just magnificent.. . Service this time was much better, and while we got there later, at 6 PM, we didn't have to wait in line.. . The one big negative was that I was expecting both of my children, 8 and 11, to have to pay the child's price listed on the Paris website ($18) - but once there I was told only children 8 and under qualify as "children" .  I understand the need to make money and all, but I felt it was pretty deceptive to redefine commonly understood terms to maximize their profits.
In terms of buffets in Vegas, Le Village is one my absolute favorites! I feel like it gets overlooked and often time forgotten, but ugh that's fine. More food for me!. . I like to eat in places that are well lit, especially in buffet settings as I like to know exactly what's in my food (did somebody's grubby hand pick up and placed back down my cupcake?!), but I've never had a problem here. Everything's really delicious and cooked well every single time I've been here (dinner only).. . It's reasonably priced for the variety and choices available. I think there might even be a groupon floating around for this place.
Le Village Buffet (Paris). Las Vegas Strip, NV. 9am Tuesday 6th August 2013. Four Stars. . No matter the day or how early we get up, there is always a line which is sort of a testament of how good this brunch buffet is.  After 30 minutes in line, we paid $22 for the Buffet and $12for AYCD (Mimosas/Bloody Mary's).  I ate 7 types of meat (Bacon, Turkey Bacon, Canadian Bacon, Smoke Bacon, Ham, Andouille, and Corned Beef), 4 types of Potatoes, (Regular Hash Browns, Triangle Hash Browns, Potato Lyonese, and Hash, and 3 types of eggs (poached, scramble, omelet).  I also enjoyed an asparagus, chicken, cheese and tomato crepe with a garlic cream sauce.   I love Buffets because you can make your own unique food.  I took one of their mini waffles and topped it with a poached egg, Hollandaise, and Corned Beef & Hash.  . . The service was slow on my mimosas, I only enjoyed 4 flute glasses worth.
I've tried maybe a total 7 buffets out on the strip (including Wynn & Mandalay) and I used to think that Bellagio was the best (still have to try Cosmo & Caesars,) but now Bellagio might have the share that ranking with Le Village Buffet from Paris Casino.. . I thought they had an eclectic mix as opposed to your typical buffet with pork belly, chicken caccitorie and beef bourgurgmon served in miniature iron skillets.  Bellagio's pastas are better, but Paris is a close second.  I dunno if I ran across a Vegas buffet that serves lamb, but Paris does.  I didn't really venture off to the salad bar because I opted for the spinach & artichoke as well as some of the steamed vegetables.. . The desserts are pretty similar to Bellagio & Wynn, but hopefully you had enough of the main selection to not even think of heading in that direction.. . pointers:  if you have a free Total Rewards card, that reduces the price and you can even reduce the fee even more by clicking into Paris Casino on Foursquare and get a $5.00 off voucher that you have show your phone at the Total Rewards booth in the casino.
Did the lunch buffet. Decent sausage, lamb and chicken meats. Crepe station was good. There was no omelette station by noon which is the time that we entered. Some folks were getting unlimited drinks for $12:  seemed like a good deal although we did not try it. Overall good value for a Vegas  lunch Buffett. Creme brulee was also decent by the way.
Came by for buffet and purchased the Buffet of Buffet 24-hour wristbands.. . There was a small line out the door. Wait was about 30 minutes. The ceiling was all painted with the blue sky look and the servers, although experienced, were dressed in fairy tale costumes.. . The food here was on point. The creme brulee was excellent as were the macaroons. All the other food exceeded my expectations for a buffet. The smoked salmon was very fresh and the crab legs were excellent as well. I like how the crab legs were sliced in half, so that I was able to merely scoop the meat out with a spoon. I was surprised to find out champagne was included in the meal!. . I should have come back again within 24-hours, but I wanted to give the other buffets a try. This one was the best I had of the other ones I've tried.
I went here on a groupon, I have to say BEST CREME BRULEE EVER. Often I don't like creme brulee because it has a weird burnt taste. Maybe I am just too much of a plebe to understand the joy of it. However, I LOVED it here.. . The place is sort of interesting because we went on a monday and the line was ENORMOUS. We stood in line for a while and were checked in and god two bottles of wine which was pretty terrible, but it was with our meals so I couldn't complain about it too much. Also we were seated at a table, which had no utensils and it took them forever to get u the utensils.. . I personally thought that the food was very good for a buffet type setting. If the food was not in the buffet medium I probably would be more harsh on it, but for what it was, it was pretty decent. The dolma were kinda aweful, but the different stews and pasta dishes were very decent especially considering the medium of buffet. . . The decor wasn't anything to write home about, and I don't know if I would go back, but it is an awesome place to take your family to eat.
Started our 24 buffet pass here for breakfast.  Wow - what great food.  Made to order crepes and omelets, Brioche French Toast, all types of European sausages and other meats.  My only disappointment was I was expecting more pastries for a French Buffet.. . The atmosphere  is beautiful.  Very open.  Feels like you're outside.  . . The service was the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars.  They take your drink order when you're seated.  Most buffets have the drinks there when you return.  Well, we had to ask again for them.  Also, flagging someone down to get another fork was challenging.  . . These are minor things though as the food was amazing.  I would go back here for breakfast anytime.  Might even try lunch and/or dinner next time.
Normally I go to a to fill up on food after working out or not eating, basically looking for quantity and decent quality food.  I don't expect to have a 3 star Michelin experience a buffet or even a 1 star.. . In Vegas most of the buffets are decent with the standard prime rib (which is probably "choice" and not "prime") and other favorites like crab and shrimp.  . . This was the first time that I've been to Le Village Buffet and will probably make it a place to go when ever I'm in Vegas.. . First off, the variety is top notch with a full array of a French menu.  . . What really surprised me was the braised pork belly with apple and sweet potato.  It was juicy with just enough fat to really add flavor.  And by the way, exercise dieticians state that you need fat in your diet to provide energy for your work outs.  . . Other things to try are the macaroni in a truffle cream sauce (probably ground truffles or truffle oil), crepes (both savory and sweet) and vegetable side dishes (which I usually avoid since you need to maximize your dollar value).. . They had shrimp and crab legs, which I guess can be considered French cuisine, except it was just blanched and served cold. . . What was weird was the small section of sushi with a couple of trays of tekka maki and California role.  I guess they wanted to cater a little to the Japanese tourists.  But the ones I saw were eating everything but the sushi.. . Now the important part...the desserts!  Creme brulee, flan, macaroons, crepes, frozen custard, bread pudding, fruit tarts and lots of cookies.  Yes, I tried them all.. . I don't really like the macaroons, but I had to give them a try.  Still don't like them.. . If you want to go to a Vegas buffet, go directly to Paris.  In my opinion its the best on the strip!
Have been to this buffet before but not recently. Used a groupon for dinner buffet last week that included a bottle of wine (they said they were out of wine & substituted a bottle of charmat bulk process champagne) OUT OF WINE? Really?. Anyway the service was ok, the wait was not long as we went early on a weekday, and it's definitely worth going to especially if you get a discount. People who complain about the wait should get used to the fact that if they go to a strip buffet in the summer at prime time they are not the only one's going!. Pluses are snow crab is pre split & fairly tasty & easy to eat, dessert selection is above average & I agree creme brulee really good, A decent selection of choices. . Minuses are salad bar selection a little thin (I wish they had some artichoke hearts) but anchovies to top your salad is a nice touch. They were out of the beef bougignon when I passed that station.
We used a groupon for lunch.  We dont normally do buffets unless we have a coupon and I thought it was 1 of the better buffets in Vegas.  Food was very fresh.
Prime Rib. One and done.. . The brie & bacon Mac n Cheese was outstanding. Pork chops were tender, the list goes on. What was really impressive was their customer service. We bought a dinner for 2, then saw a Groupon for the same buffet. We were refunded and seated right away with endless Blue Moon and Mimosas. The life....
Took me by surprise, this is a really great buffet. I love the ambiance (and the macaroons). The food selection is great, every entree could hold it's own as a $10 plate at a nice cafe. . My one complaint, and it did bug me (and my Mom) was they have cobblestone walkways, and loud carts EVERYWHERE. The whole meal you will hear 'rattle rattle rattle,' 'rattle rattle rattle,' 'rattle rattle rattle,' BAH!. Anyways, still great food, will return especially when I stay at Ballys or Paris.. If you are going soon check Groupon for the dinner and wine deal ;)
I came here on labor day weekend I had their brunch. We had purchased the 24 hour buffet pass and came here for our last meal and the brunch was pretty awesome! The line wasn't long at all and they had everything from your standard breakfast with eggs and bacon and biscuits and gravy to greek food and even some crab legs but they weren't monstrous. Additionally, this place has a crepe station and they had a menu with sweet and savory crepes to pick from. I also enjoyed the roast beef and the real slabs of bacon they had. Additionally with the buffet you get unlimited mimosa and they constantly refill it.
You are eating in Paris! The ceilings are painted like the sky, the floor is like a street side, there are eating alcoves designed like parisian cottages, there are street signs and trees etc. The decor is fantastic. There is a large variety to choose from, some I would check eat station out before making selections. My personal favorites include the cork screw pasta with truffle oil, mushrooms, and asparagus, also the potato leek soup, the macarons, the crepes both sweet and savory, they make them from scratch for you, as well as the lamb in the back corner. I also enjoyed the tomato mozzarella salad, the mussels, and my boyfriendsaid the pork was delicious. We went here fo lunch twice and breakfast once. They have french toast, pancakes, belgium waffles, all different eggs, eggs benedict etc. The breads looked great but I didn't want o waste any space. All of the staff is friendly and will answer any of your questions. I also happened to have met the assistant pastry chef and he was really nice to talk to. I really enjoyed this buffet, it had quality along with quantity.
I don't really get the low ratings at all... we were absolutely in love with this place!. . We did the 24-hour buffet of buffets and we liked the food here so much we came here for lunch AND brunch.. . I don't understand people's complaints about lack of selection... how much food do you need?!? They had pretty much every kind of protein (fish, beef, pork, shellfish) and several different types of starches and vegetables.  Personally, I loved the Brussels sprouts.. . My favorite - by FAR - was the omelette station.  Yummy!! The crepe station was pretty great, too.  My husband loved the crab legs.  The unlimited mimosas for brunch was a nice added bonus.. . All the food was really flavorful...none of that bland other crap we had at some other buffets.  While a little corny and "Disney-ish", I actually really enjoyed sitting in the little village that they created inside Paris.  It was cute.. . There was a line for the buffet, but not as long as at some of the other buffets we saw (like Caesar's) and it moved fairly well.  I think we stood in line for 20 minutes, which for a Saturday at 10:00am really wasn't bad.  There was no line at all when we came for lunch on Friday.. . I would highly recommend this buffet!!
I like Le Village Buffet.  I think it's a unique buffet with the French spin giving it a little different feel than others.  What I really like there is the crepe station.  I always get the mushroom crepe and it's delicious, but I have trouble eating anything big at a buffet so I always end up wasting it.  I need someone with me who also likes mushrooms!  I also love the cheese selection, although I thought the selection during this most recent  visit was a little too "American"... where was the brie?  I like unusual cheeses so would have liked more of that.  I kind of filled up on little salads and cheese and the crepe, but then of course, headed to the carving station for some Prime Rib and accompanied that with some cavatappi with cream and truffle and a couple types of roasted potatoes.  I was a little disappointed with the Prime Rib as it was a little overcooked... no pink to be seen, but it was still moist and fairly tender, so that was something.  Had trouble tracking down condiments and condiment containers which is a little frustrating, but the breads were yummy.. . The worst part of the food is the desserts.  They are pretty weak unless you love macaroons, but they do sweet crepes at the crepe station, so if you still have room, that's a great option.. . We got lucky on this visit and walked right into the main line without being in any switchbacks, yet it still took us a good 30 minutes before we got seated and they had a the whole back overflow area completely empty!  After we got in line, the switchbacks behind us filled up so on Monday night, apparently 7:15 is the time to arrive!  . . We were offered a complimentary glass of wine, which was cool, but we stuck to our sodas and other than that our waitress wasn't all that.  So service here was "meh", but we enjoyed our meal and I will go back.. . We were on the Buffet of Buffets, so it was included in our buffets, but those paying were paying $33 for this dinner.  Also, I've been here for weekend brunch and it includes champagne, so that's not a bad deal even though you aren't getting Moet & Chandon.
My favorite out of all the Buffet of Buffets! Food was delicious and servers ultra friendly
About 10 years ago, Le Village Buffet knocked Rio World Buffet out of first place for my favorite buffet in Vegas. My favorite was brunch because we would go in and make sure we got our $25 worth of complimentary champagne. Now that Caesar's has bought Paris, there have been some subtle changes to the buffet. First off, they started charging $12 for beverages (OK, I'll take some responsibility for that one). Still a pretty reasonable price. I think the actual buffet price has gone down a little, so it makes it fair for those who don't imbibe alcoholic beverages. The food was always every French dish you could think of from Alsatian sausages and cassoulet to salads nicoise from Provence, it was all there. Now, they seem to have simplified the selection (although they still have cassoulet and salad nicoise) and made it more like every other buffet in Vegas. This was most apparent when I saw they had sushi rolls near the cold seafood. Really? Although I'm a little disappointed in the sell out, the food is still really good quality and has enough unique dishes that sets it apart. However, that first place spot is teetering on the edge. I'm going to see what Baccanal buffet has to offer.
This is not a bad buffet at all.  It isn't the Bellagio or MGM but you do get above average cuisine for what you pay.  It has the standard offerings of Asian, Italian, Mediterranean, Mexican, seafood and the carving station.  The prime rib was good...juicy & pink.  Thank God, no hot dogs & hamburgers!  The bottle of wine that is available at dinner is a plus.  Will I return?  Sure.  I'd come back again.
This place was pretty good. The selection was good and we found it had the best dessert table of all of the buffets that are similarly priced. We got the 24hr wristbands and found that this was the best option for a dinner buffet.
I eat here every single time I come to Vegas.  It has a great location, and it carries the 2nd best buffet food (in my opinion) of all the buffets the Caesar's group has to offer.  It is also eligible for the buffet of passes without paying extra.  . . Their crepe station is a must try.  Be sure to explore the entire buffet as it is pretty big, and has a lot of different foods to try.  . . The seating area is very large.  You shouldn't have a problem being seated.  Enjoy!
This place was great, although a ton smaller than I had imagined. I had been meaning to check this place out for a while, and was glad I did. There was no line on a Saturday night when we were there, which is a plus because I've seen outrageous lines here when walking through Paris. Dinner is $33.99. . There is a good selection of seafood and non-seafood items at the buffet, as well as a crepe bar, carving station and dessert area. The highlights were the juicy prime rib, freshly made crepes (both sweet or savory) and macaroons for dessert. The staff was very fast and efficient and seemed to clear our plates as we were done eating off of them. My only regret is that I didn't eat as much as I wanted to/could have because our friends were running late and by the time we had a couple plates it was already 9 pm...will definitely have to go back to check this place out again when I have more time. Definitely one of the better buffets on the strip
The crepes are a hit. Next time, I am just going to eat all the different crepes. . I loved the flavors and choices. I enjoy french flavors and was impressed by the decadent choices. I was very happy but when I got to dessert they had a huge section but a lot of the same thing. Many macaroons which where soft and yummy but it was a small selection compared to other buffets on the strip. . I must have either eaten too much or eaten something not good because I got sick after I ate and I rarely get sick. . But all in all, I was very happy and with the groupon, I definitely got a good deal!
Le Village proves that you don't have to have the biggest and most extravagant spread (that would be Bacchanal at Caesar's) to provide a thoroughly enjoyable experience.   As of October 2013, Le Village is the only buffet in Vegas that offers reservations through Open Table.  When you have a reservation, you by pass the line and go through a separate entrance parlor that is also used by Total Rewards Platinum and Diamond members.   Waiting in line for 30 minutes to an hour for a buffet really stinks but with our reservation, we didn't wait at all!  And we were 15 minutes late for our reserved time.  One member of our party had Platinum status so it allowed us to use the special check in desk even if we hadn't had a reservation.  It also enabled us to be seated in a special area where we received special service.  What "special service" might you ask?  Our server was extra friendly but the great thing is that she offered to bring us steamed crab legs to our table!  At Le Village, the "common people" schlep up to the buffet line to help themselves and pick through the crab legs which are served cold.  Unlike at Bacchanal, where you can request the crab legs to be boiled and served hot, Le Village doesn't offer warm steamed crab legs except for the "status" diners.  And she brought hot bowl after bowl of hot juicy crab legs until we begged her to stop!  Being brought crab legs directly to your table elevates a buffet dining experience beyond the normal and makes dining so much more enjoyable.  After having gorged on so many crab legs, we only had enough room leftover to sample a few other dishes.  The only reason that I don't give Le Village 5 stars is because the selection of dishes doesn't rival that of Bacchanal.  But I actually did enjoy the crab legs better at Le Village because they were brought to our table and also they are not salty, unlike at Bacchanal.. . Aside from the food, we also loved the slightly kitschy atmosphere of the French village.  The macarons and other desserts were very good (albeit not a huge variety like Bacchanal) and instead of standard soft serve, they offer frozen custard, which has a slightly different texture and richer taste.. . At the end of our meal, our server brought to our table of 5 people 10 chocolate bar lollipops shaped like the Eiffel Tower, 5 dark chocolate and 5 white chocolate.  We later saw these identical treats in a gift shop in the hotel for $3.50 each! . . I'd highly recommend getting Platinum status so that you can enjoy the benefits!  If you don't want to gamble a lot to earn your status, you can instantly get Platinum status if you apply for and get approved for the Total Rewards credit card.
TIP - First glass of wine is complimentary. Why not? . TIP - Crepes are good. But if you're not so crazy about it being folded not in half, but around the filling, tell the chef beforehand how you want it done. I wanted just sugar, lemon and butter. Made!. TIP - Macarons and creme brulee are freshly made! Must have. . TIP - if it's not crowded, you can ask the hostess if you can have your preference of seat - next to a wall or out in the open.. . What I don't like - Food can be a bit too greasy/oily for my taste. Also, it's hard to flag down your waitress. So order twice your drinks when you get seated!
After a night of blurred memories, this is the spot for some solid brunch. It gets crowded so expect to wait in line. Once you get in, ask for some mimosas to set you straight and go get some food. Breakfast items are the usual fare: potatoes, eggs, bacon, ham, omelettes, and other good stuff. Eggs benedict is good here. I personally went for the breakfast stuffs and crab legs. The desserts are very good here. Drink mimosas until you're ready to go out and start drinking again. If you don't eat good while you're here, you did it wrong.
Very good buffet. LOVED the bananas foster crepe!
We came here on a Tuesday for lunch AYCE for $2.83 ($34.99 Groupon for 2 Lunch and wine buffet). . - The last time I was here was four years ago for dinner, and from what I can remember, it hasn't changed much. One important thing I did try to look for in Lunch was crab, which they only have for dinner. Expected.  . - They have a good selection of seafood stews! Loved the combination of mussels, scallops, and clams the best. I think it was called seafood bouillabaisse. I helped myself to 3 bowls. haha. - Avoid the sushi. Pre-made. Hard. Not worth stomach space, if you know what I mean. . - There was about 5 people ahead of me when I got my crepe, so there was about a 10 minute wait. They don't have just strawberries bc they have a frozen combination of pre-cut fruits, but the chef was nice enough to pick out just strawberries for me. I recommend not passing this up! Although not great, It's an alright alternative from paying the $11 crepe outside of Le Village. Haha. . - I was slightly disappointed that their soups did not look fresh at the time. I love buffet soups. I did not get a soup this time. . - The pastas were great. Definitely grab the cavatappi pasta with truffle cream! . - Sides were delicious. I enjoyed the mac n cheese and scalloped potatoes. . - The macarons were decent. A bit crispy and not too chewy. Wicked spoon is better. . - They gave us a bottle of Copper Ridge white zinfindel, which was pretty good. The bottle is usually around $10 at the store, so it was a good deal!
First thing you do before visiting le village -- buy a groupon ($44 for two for dinner with a bottle of wine). . Second thing you must do before coming here is book your table on Opentable. If you make a reservation through them you go through the VIP section instead of standing in line (and the line was long!). . Overall, the buffet was pretty good, especially for the groupon price. Everything seemed a bit salty, but because none of us had eaten yet we all inhaled everything. The only thing that really stood out to me was the deserts. Both the creme brulee and the flan were amazing! None of us waited for the crepes, but they also looked really good.. . I probably won't be coming back if I have to pay full price, but if you can still snag the groupon definitely go!
Hi friends! . . Here are a few (hopefully useful) comments and tips about this place:. . 1. The groupon is a big time money saver. I think each groupon was $44 (not including tax/tip obviously) and it included admission for 2 plus a bottle of wine. The wine isn't included usually but they were serving some complimentary wine while we were there. I don't know if they do that every night.. . 2. Get in line for the prime rib. It was soooooo good. I am pretty sure I had about half a pound of meat while we were in there. Delicious.. . 3. Just like in any buffet, dont fill up on carbs/salads. . . 4. The rest of the food was slightly to salty for my taste but overall it was still pretty good.. . 5. If you do get the groupon (and the bottle of wine), do not order their cab. That thing tasted like vinegar. Luckily there were 4 of us in our party so we have some chardonnay as well. The white wine was surprisingly smooth. Next time we'll get 2 bottles of that.. . Overall pretty good buffet. The food was good, service was good, and the location inside the Paris couldn't have been better.. . The only reason I wouldn't go back would be for a lack of groupon. I think there are better options at $40 pp.
Came here for lunch based on a military special.  It was very good for the price ($24.99 regular price, kids under 4 free).  Favorites were the Sole Florentine, truffle cavatapi, and creme brulee. Crepes, prime rib, boullabaise, were also good.  One of the chefs whipped up some plain pasta for my son, who has a garlic allergy, and our server was very friendly.. . Downside was the line... We waited about an hour to get in. Once you get in, though, the only food we had to wait for was the crepes.. . It seemed like you could reserve a table on opentable if you do it the day before...
We visited Le Village early on a Thursday night and were not sure what to expect based on the varying Yelp reviews. However, I must say that both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised. . . The wait was nearly nonexistent (it was early Thursday after all), and we were seated within five minutes despite having no reservation. Our server was friendly, but was clearly having to man a lot of duties, as it was a good 10 minutes between each visit. . . But of course any buffet lives and dies on the food, and the fare here ranges from average to surprisingly good. The highlights were the fantastic crepe station ("Le Singe", a banana and hazelnut crepe, was excellent), the flan, which was some of the best I've had buffet or otherwise, and the seafood offerings like bouillabaisse and arrabiata mussels. The other entries were all passable to good, and I cleared all three plates. . . The price might be a touch high, especially with the Bellagio across the street for a few dollars more, but I actually preferred this buffet to the Wynn which we are in the same week. It's a quaint French countryside take on the Vegas buffet and a fair choice for your bachanalian endulgence.
As buffets go, this is a good one.  Plenty of meat caring for the carnivores.  Broad selection of fish and seafood for non-meat eaters.  The desserts are plentiful with a very French touch - crepes, macarons, etc.  The real treat was an unsuspecting pasta dish with asparagus and mushrooms with a light cheese sauce with truffle oil.  Head and shoulders over the scalloped potatoes or the mac & cheese with peas.
We had a groupon so it was pretty good deal.  Also I found out that I can make a reservation, so there was no waiting in line this time !  Foods were all good.  Especially prime rib and crape.  I wish they have more salads though. Sushi was not good. 1 item that I never tried before was " white anchovies ". I tried and liked it.
To make it clear upfront, the food here deserves 5 stars and maybe even more. All the dishes I've tried, from lamb to seafood, were simply phenomenal. Not buffet food by any means.The concept of showcasing different regions of France was great and it was just an excellent experience. We used a Groupon here, but I would easily come back without it.. . Main course: tasty duck, juicy lamb leg cuts and pre-cut crab legs. Dessert: Creme brulee was amazing and so was tiramisu and macaroons.. . The reason I cannot give this 5 stars:. Service left much to be desired. Took a long time for the waitress to bring us water and wine. Again, the food was so good that even the lacking service would still make me come here.
Have lived in Vegas a long time.. Most buffets are pretty average.. I was thoroughly impressed that the quality of food was much better than any other buffet I have been too.. Not crazy about the price... But at least the food was good!
Not a bad buffet. Came here for breakfast when I did the buffet of buffets. For breakfast... I can't say there is anything really "special" about it. They do make FRESH hot crepes here, which are in fact very yummy!!! The line however, is very long... I suggest getting in line when you fill like you may be starting to fill up because by the time you get your food, you will be hungry again!! LOL. I got 2 crepes, as did most people because the line is so long, you might as well get 2 crepes. I got a sweet and savory crepe. There is a menu board that list the types of crepes available, but you can order a custom one if you want. They will make whatever crepe you want within reason. I got a banana nutella one and for my savory, a chicken with asparagus. Both were flavorful and delicious!! Right outside the buffet is a crepe place... charging $10.50 a crepe... my 2 crepes already covered the cost of breakfast, $20 here! LOL.. . I think next time I would try lunch or dinner to see if it's really as good as I remembered since I think the crepes are offered all day. I was thinking it was just breakfast so that's why I had breakfast here. Breakfast tasted better than average. There was a good variety and the mini waffles were just so cute! A lot of sausage variety also and at least 3 types of potatoes that I saw! I didn't like the potato triangles as they were too dry, but the hash browns were good and so were the sliced potatoes (can't remember what it's called). . When I left, it had switched over to lunch, but I was too full already to go try lunch. Fresh crepes is why this place deserves a 4 star!. . This was the only buffet we had to wait it... about 30 minutes. This is also the only buffet that you can make a reservation with via open table. I did not try that, so I'm not sure how well that works...
Le Village Buffet has been one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas every since I started vacationing in Sin City with my family at the tender age of 14 (that's right people - I used to go to Las Vegas and LOVE it even before I turned 21). This buffet offers some great french dishes incluing coq au vin and made to order crepes in addition to the traditional buffet fare: prime rib, turkey, salad, soup, etc. I really like their cold seafood area with crab claws and cocktail shrimp. Definitely get some desserts from the little "house" in the center. Not to be missed are the little fruit tarts! Tip - ask for Nutella on your crepe. Delicious!
This place is awesome! We tried both breakfast and dinner. We were quite pleased with the food. The freshly roasted smoked bacon in breakfast is definitely a killer, absolutely delicious. The fish dishes in the dinner are also good. They also have quite a selection of fruits and deserts . I would say it's worth the money.
It was an OK buffet. I tried some of the meat from the carving station, tasted bland. I enjoyed their all you can eat Macarons, but wish they has more flavors other than colorful Macarons with a chocolate filling or some Yogurt filling I tried. Definitely get the unlimited mimosas for a few bucks more, our waitress had a heavy hand so we had more champagne and a dash of OJ in our drinks. Didn't get to try their hot crepe station since the line was long.. . Bought the photo since they had a special for $20 versus I think it was $30. The photo was taken inside the restaurant after you paid and before we waited in the waiting area. Included a foldable paper frame with Paris border, the name of the buffet one 4x6 and two 3x5 ishhh size.
We went for early dinner - our first meal since arriving in Vegas. We were HUNGRY! Get there early or there will be a big line. We had a groupon, which came with a bottle of wine for 2 people - so it was a great deal! . . Love that they have a station for the different regional cuisines of France, in addition to the cold seafood station and amazing desserts in the middle. Seriously, save room. My friends all said this was the best desserts we had in vegas (the Wynn was up there too!) with macaroon cake pops, little tartlets, cakes, pies...you name it.. . But on to the real food - main dishes! First, the crab legs weren't that great, so skip those and save room for everything else. The prime rib was amazing, and so was the pork with the apple cider reduction and baked apples that came in a single-serve skillet. Adorable and so flavorful! The salmon was also very good, as well as the fall vegetable hash with carrots, squash, onions, and a few other things I can't remember. It was great though. If i wasn't allergic to gluten I would've tried the make your own crepes station, which looked divine. I did however try the caramelized bananas by themseves...WOW they were good! They also have a mediterranean station with lots of crudites and sauces that are great for pairing with a lot of the other dishes you can get around the buffet. . . Don't fill up on bread - there's so many other good things to try!!
My favorite buffet in Vegas.  Haven't been here in over 5 years. But I love it. Get there just before breakfast is over to enjoy breakfast and lunch for one low price. Friday morning, no line.  Got lucky today.
The ambiance is amazing here. Their exterior inside the buffet takes me back to eating outside in Paris in a smaller scale. . . Thanks from other Yelpers recommended this place for breakfast especially with a 24 hour buffet pass. . . There is a huge variety for breakfast. They have make your own omelettes and sweet/savory crepes. There are regular scrambled eggs and egg whites. The usually toast, bagels, pancakes, french toast, bacon, and sausages. They serve bacon slabs at the carving area which taste way better than regular bacon. . . The service is superb. . . The lighting forbreakfast is really dim. It felts like the sun just started to rise up at 5 am. Hopefully they can change the lighting for different hours in the day.
Long line to get in.  You can make reservations online which I highly recommend.  . . The food was delicious and macarons were very good too.  . . Prime rib, snow crab legs, lamb, and pasta were my flavors.  . . Very good flavor.
The buffet at lunch was absolute dee-lish! They have tons of great seafood to enjoy. I didn't even bother getting the cut of meats and just loaded on the mussels, clams and shrimp!. . They also have a crepe station that is cooked to order. I had the bananas with nutella. I felt the banana slices were a bit too large, it would have been better if it was a bit thinner.. . The dessert bar also looked amazing, but I was definitely disappointed on the macaroons. They were soooo many, but didn't taste great. The outer shell tasted like a fortune cookie.
Love this Buffett, when I'm in Vegas this is one of the places I must hit. The crepes and food selections are amazing. If you get lucky and get a groupon u get two for one and a bottle of wine. Planning my next trip to Vegas and will sure go back.
