Great food great service and a very nice owner. He is a wicked good chef and makes everything feel like a home cooked meal.. Was impressed with sandwiches, gyro (rocked), and I had a meatball sub one day and it was great too. Super clean and very reasonable on price and excellent quality. Feels like a real restaurant experience but its more of a lunch place. I haven't had the breakfast but I know it rocks. A few people told me it was really good. I will get there early one day!. . Try it out.. authentic food and real ingredients..
My boyfriend and I discovered this place not to long ago being that it is close to his work, and we LOVE it. I would highly suggest trying their gyros it is one of the best ive had in town, and keeps me coming back. The staff is very friendly, the owner comes around often to check on the service and quality of the food. The place it self is not overall fancy as far as painting and seating goes but it is comfortable and very clean. No Complints Here :)
Good food, good service n good prices. :-)
Delicious food, super friendly staff, clean and the BEST BREAKFAST BURRITOS in Las Vegas!! Put another location on the east side of town and we'll eat there 3 times a week (at least) :)
Great place. Large portions. Friendly, attentive staff. Pancakes are rubbery and heavy not light and fluffy. That is my only complaint. Great off the strip alternative.
While in Vegas, we did a quick search for somewhere to get breakfast. Mr. Mama's fit our criteria of being fairly close by, affordable, and having fairly decent reviews. The location in a sort of random strip mall didn't inspire thoughts of the greatest meal, nor did the somewhat ordinary looking interior. Thankfully I've learned not tojudge a restaurant by its looks and Mr. Mamas did not disappoint.. . Between the omelet,  pancakes, and french toast that was ordered at our table, nobody had any major complaints. Given the atmosphere and the prices (which are very affordable), the food was probably better than we were expecting. The side of toast could have used a bit more butter up front, but that's nothing a little extra jelly won't compensate for.. . The service was friendly and attentive. By the time we left they had a pretty decent crowd in there. We considered stopping in for breakfast the next day, but slept a bit late and opted to just get on the road for home instead. Next time we're in Vegas, though, we know where we'll be getting breakfast at least once.
Service was great.  The food was good.  I would go there again
The food is simple, basic & good. . . The service is amazing!! The owner personally greets you and checks to make sure you have everything you need. Really great service.
Very friendly service and good food!
I went here for breakfast with my husband and it was good. The service is exceptional and the owner is very nice.
Food was really good.  Service was excellent.  Prices were extremely affordable.  Will definitely go back.
Mama's food is good.. I love how their prices are very reasonable than other breakfast places like IHOP or Hash-Go-Go, especially the French Toasts ($3.75) for 2 pieces, but it comes in 4 slices. I ordered the omelette ($7), I personally think it has too much Italian cilantro on the top, but I guess this is their Greek style. I loved the Philly Cheese Steak ($7ish) ~ Excellent & Yum! All staffs are nice & friendly! I'd def. recommend friends to go there!
All is well over at Mr. Mamas. I've passed this place dozens of times for the last year or so, and have always wanted to try it. It never popped into my head though when thinking of a place to eat. But, finally, when craving breakfast food last week, I remembered and stopped by. . . Still on my mission to find the best chicken fried steak in Las Vegas, I closed my menu as soon as I saw it on there. Easy choice. Upon ordering, the waitress asked me to try the homemade gravy sauce that was to be smothered on my CFS before I ordered it. She informed me that their gravy in particular contained a little but of honey and wanted to make sure I would like it before I ate my meal. How very nice ! I did indeed end up liking it, and stuck to my order. . . As far as the food went, it was pretty good. The sweetness of the gray paired well with the savoryness of the CFS. The batter was good and crispy and thin. The scrambled eggs were cooked great. Was it the best CFS I've had in Vegas so far ? Nah, but it'll go to the near top of my list.. . All in all, I'd go back. I definitely want to try some other things and I can't get enough breakfast foods. Service was also great. My coffee never went below half and all the waitresses had smiles on their faces. . . See you soon, Mr. Mama.
We saw the great reviews for this place and decided to check it out last Sunday morning since it's right down the street.. . My hubby was hesitant at first because its location is not where you would think a good breakfast place would be (it's in a strip mall next to a faucet store and a hardware shop).. . The moment we walked in we received top notch service. The kitchen is behind an open counter and all of the guys behind it said hello and welcomed us. There were about 5 other tables but one was like a party of 10 plus. We sat next to a table of a couple who apparently were regulars because both waitresses referred to them by name and gave them an affectionate hug and "how have you been". All good signs.. . My husband ordered the chicken fried steak and I took the waitresses advice and ordered a daily special - the breakfast sandwich and beverage for 7.25. I had went online took advantage of Yelp's 10 for 20 deal but our bill only came to 19 bucks so I didn't.. . The steak looked awesome and the gravy looked delicious. The hubby ate it right up. He said that he like it - it wasn't too greasy or fatty and the gravy was great. My sandwich was quite yummy - but the bacon was the chewy kind - not the crisp kind like I like...but my honey told me that he prefers the chewy kind (I learned something new :) so no fault there.. . I must say I really enjoyed the coffee and I'm quite the coffee snob! My only complaint was the eggs were underseasoned - both mine and his but nothing horrible - they were definitely cooked perfectly.. . I thoroughly enjoyed when the owner\manager guy came by and asked us how the food was. He ended it with a sincere "I appreciate you guys, Thank you". And for whatever reason -- I really believed the guy -- he seemed like he really meant it!! Plus the waitress was really on it and she even said, "did yelp bring you guys in" and we were like yes... I still can't figure out how she knew that.....lol. . . We are definitely coming back. The hubby was drooling over the Mama's burger pictures so we are itching to use the coupon for a big lunch.. . The price, service, and food were top notch and we are looking forward to coming back!. . Definitely recommend!
Great wait staff and good food. . . The short stack is great and the omelettes are freaking huge. As a matter of fact, all the meals are enormous. Bring your appetit and your A-game!!
Good Food. Good service, quality. We liked it.. pretty basic 'breakfast-all-day' kind of place located in a strip mall area off of Decatur.. they also serve other items like burgers, salads and sandwiches. Also .. it's easy to miss but keep your eyes peeled! its between a few non-food establishments. . . We had a Yelp '$10 for $20' voucher.. the meal for 2 of us with Orange juice, and 2 breakfasts was about $16.. so it was covered! Happy Eating to You!
food is good, and service was really great!  we changed our order last min and they were able to accommodate us with no problems.   the country fried steak was delicious!    with the $20 for $10 deal it is just icing on the cake!
Very friendly personalized service. These people are very interested in having a sucessful restaurant. Good food. Good price. Not too difficult for a tourist with a rental car to find. Good alternative to the buffets on the strip. We ate a variety of breakfast foods, all were good (2 omelets, taco salad--yes, my husband had a taco salad for breakfast). Large portions. the $10 yelp deal made it a great price.
Cheap... But very good food... The portion sizes are great!
Great place for a simple yummy breakfast. Good service.
Food and Service with a smile. I had the French toast breakfast bacon was crispy just how I ordered it....Bf had the skirt Stack with ham very good.....
Great value and great service! It's a no frills B fast spot with great drip coffee that's kept filled all meal long. If you are visiting the strip it's a very short drive. I would'nt recommend taking a taxi because the cabs rape you and you may explode in the event of a fender bender. Atmosphere is preventing a 5 star due to bright blue wall and plastic chairs.
I think I found my new go to breakfast spot! Staff friendly, food is really good even for just basic eggs and bacon. Sausage patties take the cake and the French toast was well worth the calories! . Bill was only 15$ for 2 even better! . If your haven't tried Mr. Mama's yet I don't know what your waiting for.
if you know me then you'll know breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. In fact i'll have it at any meal of the day. . Egg and I was the first choice but the place was shut down because a car drove into the restaurant which lead me to my second choice Mama. . Service was great! very accommodating and always asked if everything is good. . The hash browns was crunchy and good seriously the best breakfast place I've been in Vegas. This is a standard breakfast place which i would compare to a Diner at best but with great service and good food it is way above the standard diner fare breakfast. Great job!
French toast was amazing portions and price good great customer service
We were tipped off by a local about this place after working a freelance job in the area. It's really a great hole-in-the-wall. . . We arrived for lunch seconds before they closed (they serve breakfast and lunch only). The kitchen seemed less than pleased (turn off that "open" sign!) but we were warmly welcomed by both our waitress and the owner. I ordered a pastrami on rye.. . It was a very good sandwich, although the pastrami wasn't stacked high like a deli would do it. After my first bite I thought it lacked something. Seeing a bottle of mustard on the table it clicked that this was the missing condiment. After spreading some mustard on the marble rye I was quite satisfied.. . The owner spent some time with us, telling the stories behind some of the pictures on the wall.  He was a very congenial fellow and we enjoyed the tales of his family history.. . Prices were fantastic. The food and service wasgreat. But...uh-oh..the bathroom was rather messy with garbage overflowing and toilet paper all over the floor (yelp removed my photo - see below). Mr. Mama's is not conveniently located to the Strip but worth the short drive if you want inexpensive delicious food.. . ***Hi there,. . We wanted to let you know that we have removed one of your photos of Mr. Mama's. We encourage users to post business photos that are broadly representative of the business, while sharing their personal experience with that business in a review. In this case we thought that your photo looked more like it captured your personal experience. . . Thanks for understanding, and we'll see you on Yelp! . . Regards,. Clarence. Yelp User Support. San Francisco, California
I enjoyed my experience at Mr. Mama's.. The food was good, the staff were attentive and friendly and the atmosphere had a family business feel.. . I was drawn to Mr. Mama's by their high yelp reviews and their affordability (only "$").  . I met a friend there for breakfast and we were immediately greeted by our waitress.  I cannot remember her name, but she was very attentive and patient with us.  . . We were a little indecisive with what to order and she recommended getting their omelets and their french toast.  We both ordered omelets and they were both delicious. .  I cannot remember what my friend ordered, but I ordered the "Spanish Omelet" and I was thoroughly satisfied.  The hash browns were crispy, but not too crispy and the portions were pretty big.  . I also ordered a coffee and it ended up being free, because they have a yelp deal for a free beverage if you check in.  . . The owner came around and talk to us.  He was very friendly and when we told him that we find out about them on Yelp, he would make jokes about if they lived up to their yelp standards.  . . Overall the experience was very pleasant.  I think the menu is decently priced, and the staff is more than accommodating.  . The only thing that I am not too crazy about is the location.  It is nestled in an area where majority of the businesses around them are automotive repair and parts shops.  I missed it the first time trying to find it.  I can see the convenience of it though for their patrons who from out of town or on the strip, because it is near a I-15 Freeway entrance. . However, despite the location, I think I will come back again and I would recommend other to check it out as well.
I visited again for breakfast and had a great meal but was very disappointed with the fruit side dish.  I was unable to even poke into the fruit cubes with my fork.  Apparently they are using a low quality processed canned product rather than actual fresh fruit.  So if you want real "fresh" fruit with your breakfast I would recommend the Daily Egg a little further north on Decatur.  Their fruit is excellent - actual FRESH fruit.
good price for our food.
Pros:. - Tons of parking. - Friendly service. - Large portions. - $. - Chicken steak, hash browns, eggs, pancakes are all decent. - Check in to receive a free beverage. . Cons:. - Large parties must beware of a 20 - 30 minute wait minimum during Sunday breakfast/brunch/lunch hour
love this place. cheap deals, great food, friendly service. kind of off the beaten path for vegas, but if you are looking for something tasty and cheap thats crowd-free, this is a great spot.
Great food, great service
Service was great food was delicious. Hash browns are awesome!
Read the review on yelp and decided to try it out while in Vegas. Like others have said the staff is very friendly and warm. The food was definitely worth the trip. Tried the chili and cheese omelette. Very light and fluffy. My fiance had a greek omelette and it was delicious as well, the feta cheese added a great flavor. What made it great was the price. I definitely recommend you stop in if you visit vegas. One more thing, te owner did come and ask how the meal was. Will visit again.
Two trips to Mama's in one trip?! Welp, they must be good then, eh? I would say, yay. If you want a low key place--the type of place with plastic patio furniture for their indoor diners and reasonably priced breakfast fare, this is the place for you. Now, don't go expectin' any fancy-schmancy gourmet pancakes like at IHOP or Denny's; this place keeps 'er simple by offerin' the basics without the fireworks, 'cept for a few omelettes among the eggs, hash browns and bacon basics. What it does better than any other place is service though. You enter and are immediately greeted by the dude cooking behind the counter and then swept to any open seat by your server. Within good time, your food is ready, your belly is more than full, and you are on your way with another salutation from the dude behind the counter. So, why not 5 stars? Well, I wasn't in love with the acclaimed chili omelette, as it tasted more like diced tomatoes than chili (2 stars), but luckily that was my co-eater's dish, and he loved it. I on the other hand kept to French toast and eggs and was happy but not blown away (still looking for CRUNCHY French toast, and other than trying Jinky's flaky French toast, haven't come close). . . Bottom line: Good food, good service, time and money well spent.
Great portions, great taste, great service. . . I love breakfast food.. . The biscuits and gravy weren't very good. But the pancakes, potatoes, french toast, were all so delicious. Definitely recommend it!
Very yummy food!! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is cause it's pretty small and a little crowded but the food tastes very good which is all I'm looking for in breakfast!
I tried out Mr. Mama's the other day while I was waiting for my car to get tinted.  I was stuck for a few hours in a neighborhood that I wasn't familiar with, so I Yelped for a good lunch place to head to in the neighborhood.  I found Mr. Mama's and was quite pleased!. . My hubby came to pick me up for lunch and we headed over to Mr. Mama's.  We walked in and stood at the front for a few minutes before we were greeted.  We were then told to sit anywhere we wanted too.  We grabbed a table and were greeted by our server pretty quickly.  We ordered and our food came out fast.  My hubby got a Reuben and it was delicious!  I had the chili cheese burger and it was ok.  The burger was awesome but the chili was weird.  I am a chili con carne style chili girl and the chili here was more of the Midwest style of a more tomato-y style.  If I had just gotten a regular cheese burger I think I would have been much happier.  Oh well.  It wasn't bad, just not the style I really like.  Don't get me wrong, I still chowed down on the burger though.. . We finished up our meal with a cinnamon roll that our server recommended.  It was one of the best cinnamon rolls I have ever eaten.  It was a big one and we decided to split it.  Once we started eating it though, I think we both wished we had ordered two so we wouldn't have had to share.  Ha ha!. . Overall Mr. Mama's was a good place to eat.  Good solid food, ok service, and a pretty decent menu.  Yum.
Mr. Mama's was completely AWESOME!! Came here after leaving the airport. The Service is great. Food was delicious and very filling. They serve breakfast all day. I had the Mama's Breakfast Burrito, it's HUGE and will completely fill you up. Make your way here before you leave VEGAS!!! We came here twice over the course of four days! It was great!
My friends and I were leaving Vegas and wanted to eat somewhere off the strip for good breakfast and came upon Mr. Mamas. . . First of all I have to say, these are the NICEST people I have ever encountered in a restaurant. Better than In n Out haha. The were very attentive to their customers and a man who I believe might be the owner seemed genuinely nice and got along with everyone very easily. Great Job!. . Now onto the food lol I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs with a side of french toast. My stomach did the ordering not my brain because apparently this was way to much food haha The chicken fried steak really good. Good batter, tasty meat, and awesome gravy. Color is a little off putting but after eating it, it was really great with the chicken fried steak. It came with eggs, toast, and hash browns. So it was a full on breakfast and everything tasted great. I thought the hash might have been a bit oily but together everything was still very good. I order the side of french toast ONLY because it was $1.50 haha and I was only able to eat half of it because I couldn't even finish my original order haha.. . Overall, this place is a great place for breakfast. Kind of far away from the 15, but it beats eating somewhere on the strip. They have really great food, the staff here is super nice, and the price is just right. So stop by on your way home from Vegas if your from CA, you won't regret it.
Portions are big, their eggs are tasty. Great breakfast joint
I've been meaning to write this review and finally get the time to.  This is a cute little family-like place.  Only open for breakfast and lunch.  Every time we come in we are greeted and it always feels genuine not like some line someone is trained to say.  On our first visit, Nick, the owner, saw us (me and my husband) admiring the great black and white photos on the wall; he came over to share some Greek family history with us...it was great!  Several servers came to our table and made sure we had everything we needed.  The food was sooo good - freshly made!  The only thing I would recommend is to get some chairs without arms.  I have a chunky uncle that I would love to bring with me and share the awesome food and great service with, but I honestly don't think he would be comfortable (if he fits in them at all).  I'll be back soon.  OPA!!!
A little bit of a wait, but worth it!! Not the wait to be seated but for your order to be prepared/cooked. Came here on a Fri. morning/afternoon with the wife. We ordered breakfast. I had the veggie omelet, spinach, green and red bell, onion, mushroom, with breakfast taters and my wife had a short stack with eggs and ham. We both really enjoyed our food. The pancakes are a big portion, dinner plate size. Pancakes were good, fluffy, tasty. My omelette was eggcellent, ha, you got that. Came with toast also. Service was good and friendly. There is a wait after your food order but a wait is expected for such a busy and popular place. Will def be back.
Came here for lunch today with my husband.  As we walked in the door we were immediately greeted by Nick, who we believe might be the owner, and told us to sit anywhere we would like.  It was lunch time and starting to get packed.  We didn't wait long at all for our order to come out.  After reading the reviews on Yelp prior to going, I was in the mood to try the Chicken Fried Steak.  Told my waitress I wanted the chicken fried steak.  She asked how I wanted my eggs, I told her scrambled.  She asked how I wanted my potatoes - hash browns or what?  What is the what?  Did I have other option she didn't mention?  I just ordered the hash browns and got sourdough toast. I thought the chicken fried steak was very good.  My husband ordered a turkey sandwich with pepperjack cheese with grilled sourdough bread.  It came out with the bread toasted instead of grilled which made the sandwich a little bit dry. Grilled bread would have been better as requested.  The sandwich came with a large side salad which was very crisp and fresh with a very good ranch dressing.  Nick kept checking up on us to make sure we were happy customers.  We didn't mention the bread because we had a limited lunch break and didn't want to cause a fuss.  It wasn't Nick's fault the request was wrong. We had to tell our server twice what bread he wanted and how he wanted it prepared.  If I could choose another waitress I would have.  She is the only thing that really hurt the place getting five stars. When we left the place was packed with only one table open. But overall this is a good, friendly place worth coming to.  We'll be back :)
Customer service was on point! The door was held open by the owner and we were greeted with a warm welcome. The cooks and servers also greeted us. Our waitress made sure we were taken care of. The owner once again checked on us during our meal and held the door open for us again as we left. Can't really find good customer service anymore. . . The food was good, but nothing that would make me say "oh my gosh we have to come back." Got the typical eggs, sausage, toast and hash browns. Yes I am boring.  All of it was good, except my only negative comment would be that they put a dash of oregano on the hash browns. I'm not a big fan of oregano, just in marinara sauce. One of my weird food habits I guess. . . I do support locally owned businesses so good job with this establishment:)
Good food, great service. Nice little mom and pop style cafe. Nothing fancy, but then again does good food need to be fancy? I think not. I will definitely be back.
Great customer service. Great prices. Most importantly, great food. Mr. Mamas seems to really care about the customers, the food came out quickly and, as mentioned, was delicious. Definitely will be coming back here.
Yum Yum the food was delicious. Service in the place was very good and the place was very clean. Definitely a good place for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.
Went here this morning, had the chicken fried steak which was very good, and also tried there cinnamon roll. Food was served very quick and service was outstanding. Classic breakfast joint!
It's  difficult to give a 5-star rating to a breakfast place.  There is so much one can do with eggs.  That said, this place deserves 4 stars.  It's well run.  The menu includes mostly eggs and sandwiches serving all day long.  The price is reasonable.
First timer so far they provide an excellent service, in a customer friendly environment. Oh wow ... I'm impressed the food is DELISH will definitely recommend this place. AWESOME !
The food was fresh and very good. The menu needs some updating. There was nothing interesting or different and unique to order , except the regular breakfast dishes. It was  a great price and the staff was very friendly.
Today was a multiple stop day and I included breakfast on the list of things I had to do.  I've been going to try Mr. Mama's for several months and today was it.. . As soon as I entered, a server told me to sit anywhere I was comfortable.  That's what they said to everyone entering the restaurant and it's really a nice way of saying, "Come on in.  You're welcome here.  make yourself comfortable.". . I had coffee quickly and the server gave me the password for the wifi which was quite zippy.  I like when it works the way it should.  I ordered the Cali omelette which is Cheddar Jack Cheese, Sausage, Pico de Gallo, Salsa, Sour Cream, Topped with Avocado.  With it came hash brown potatoes and two slices of swirled rye toast.  The menu says all omelettes are made with 4 eggs. . . The breakfast was really very good.  My coffee was refilled and I had a good time watching the cooks do their thing behind the counter.  They do a fair amount of take out and it was interesting to watch them get the boxes and bags ready.. . Mr. Mama's is in the commercial area in the Valley View/Decatur area and there are a number of car repair places there.. . Besides the good taste of the food, the thing I most take away from my visit is the genial nature of the staff.  You are welcome there and they let you know your business is appreciated.  Thank you Mr. Mama!
Nice place to eat breakfast.  The restaurant was very casual and the food was very good. I had the French toast which comes with eggs and bacon.  The eggs were moist and fluffy,  bacon was meaty and crisp and the French toast was great. The service was good and so was the coffee. Worth the drive.
tip: real friendly and attentive service.. . Chili omelet was ladled inside and out which was a real nice touch.  it wasn't drenched in it but just slathered in which was great.   French toast was average, nothing out of the ordinary, bacon was very thick which was good but could be a bit crispier.
great food!  Friendly service.  Decor is simple (plastic chairs and tables)
Visiting Vegas and wanted to get some good food. Casino Buffet was a joke and to expensive.  Saw the reviews for Mr. Mama's and decided to try breakfast.  We were not disappointed.  Good food for a great price.
My wife and I had a great breakfast. The staff was wonderful and helpful. Mr Mama was great going around checking if everything is OK. Very clean and nice place to eat. See you in January.
Definitely not frilly or gourmet. This is a room with lawn chairs and tables. The staff are friendly and the food is solid. I have a new favorite- Greek omelet with added gyro meat and a side of tzatziki (sp?) with home fries without onions and peppers. Boyfriend has had the pancakes and says they're pretty solid as well.
wanted to try food off the strip. this place is the spot! great food , gravy was soooo yummy. best part? the staff!!! very very friendly. will be back on my next trip to sin city..
The only reason I am not giving 5 starts is the location.  However, do not let the decor food you. This was by far the best breakfast I had while in Vegas. I had the ham and cheese omelette with grits and hash browns. Whoever is the egg cook deserves a raise. The portions were large. I only needed 1 pancake as I could not eat all of it. . . And the service matched the food. Everyone greeted you with a smile. We were discouraged by the taxi driver as he said it would be difficult to get a cab back to the Bellagio.  However, Mr. Mama's has a dedicated cab company that arrived in 10 minutes.. . You have got to give this a chance. Do not be discouraged by those on the strip.
She had the chili omlette and a 1/2 order of the biscuits and gravy. I had the eggs with sausage and pancakes. Great pancakes and service. Omelette was kinda runny but still good. It wasn't something super special, but definitely will go back.
Once we walked in, the hostess was very nice and polite. It was a packed house but we were seated fairly quick. Our server was Julie. She was friendly, attentive and overall pleasant. The food came quickly. The biscuits and gravy was yummy. The pancakes were great & eggs were cooked on point. I think this is a mom and pop type joint so I can appreciate the quality put into it.
Came to visit Las Vegas and wanted a good breakfast place away from the strip. Thanks to yelpers we found a little gem.. . Everything was delicious based on the crowds and our selection of meals. Great French toast! Simple and fluffy. Nothing crazy. . . The chicken fried steak is amazing. Great breading and the gravy gives it an amazing finish. The gravy is not for the weak-hearted. Plenty of sausage, bacon and maple syrup! What? Maple syrup? yes, and it is wonderfully amazing. . . Biscuits and gravy? Awesome for the same reason stated above. Sausage patties are well seasoned and a cut above average. The service was good and attentive. Good coffee too. Wonderful experience and would return when in Vegas.
Hostess was very accommodating of our group, and kept us frequently updated on the status of our table. We were able to look at a menu before being seated, & the process of ordering was very easy. The menu offered numerous options & the portions were very generous.  Everyone was satisfied with their meals, from omlettes to pancakes. Friendly & efficient staff rounded out the experience. Tried this place based on other yelp reviews & it definitely did not disappoint. We will definitely visit again!
Fantastic service here. Really kind people. Told us the wait would be half an hour but they seated us in 15 minutes. I ordered the chili, which was a bit spicy for my taste, but I'm a spice weakling. The thing that stood out, really, was the seriously good home fries. The best I think I've had. My brother enjoyed his French toast, and my mom's custom order came out perfectly.. Will return if in the area again.
Our first time here and def exceeds expectations! Hostess who is the owners daughter is super nice & sweet! Said wait time was 30min got seated in 15! We ate the biscuits and gravy and chicken fried steak which was the best we've had so far!! The biscuits were small but they make their gravy w sausage and bacon which was diff but tasted good! Service is good too, never felt like I had to search for my waitress! Overall great place to get filled for a decent price! Not your average Vegas prices! Def affordable! We left full and happy! Nap time! :)
This was our first time here. . The service was Fantastic and Fast!!! The food is delicious and filling. ..we will be back soon!!
Great way to end a Vegas weekend! We stopped into Mr. Mamas for Sunday breakfast. Thankfully it wasn't crowded yet.  The restaurant seems to fill up quickly. The service is great! You won't find yourself flagging down an employee here. :). The omelets are big enough to share, it comes with potatoes and toast of your choice. Their French toast had a great fluffy texture. This is a great place to have breakfast without breaking the bank!!!
Really good food. Try the Cali omelet with some gravy on the side......yum. With the wait!!!!
Walked 3 miles from the strip to check this place out.  It was well worth it.  The service was amazing.  Very friendly staff.  The owner even talked to us for a bit.. Breakfast was delicious.  Their sausage gravy is made with maple syrup, and it is tasty.  . Small local place, would recommend and hope they succeed.
Mr. Mama's isn't much to look at but the service was friendly and my breakfast burrito was pretty good. Prices were cheap too. Give it a try.
Sleeping for 3 hours the night before and waking up just to have breakfast is sacrilegious in my opinion. Who does evil things like that? Can you feel hungry when you're asleep? No. Can you feel sleepy when you're eating? Yes. Breakfast as soon as this place opened did not make any sense to me. The place was empty when we got here...maybe because nobody in their right mind wakes up super early on a weekend to eat?. . /endrant. . This place is super blue. Blue tables, blue chairs, blue menus, blue walls...everything's blue. They say the color blue makes you lose your appetite. I had a particular song in my head:. . "Yo listen up here's a story about a little guy that lives in a blue world. And all day and all night and everything he sees is just blue like him inside and outside. Blue is his house with a blue little window and a blue corvette. And everything is blue for him and himself and everybody around. 'cause he ain't got nobody to listen to. I'm blue da ba dee da ba die...". . /endshenanigans. . The server was lovely. We tried a few things: biscuits & gravy, western omelet and a cinnamon roll. That blue vs. appetite thing isn't true. I ate everything on my plate plus half the cinnamon roll.. . Mamas Homemade Biscuits and Sausage Gravy:. 2 buttermilk biscuits with sausage gravy, potatoes and 2 eggs. The gravy was so good and the biscuits were homemade. 4/5. . Western Omelet:. Made with 4 eggs and for an additional $1, I got mine with egg whites only since I don't like egg yolk. This has sausage, green onion, peppers and mushrooms, a side of potatoes and toast. 4/5. . Hashbrowns:. The best I've had in Vegas. Very tasty, crispy and golden brown on the outside, soft on the inside. 5/5. . Cinnamon Roll:. The size of a small plate and smothered with glaze sprinkled with cinnamon. It was a tad bit dry and doughy. Eat this quick before it gets cold. 3/5
You will have to wait as there are a lot of people that like this place... I can see why. The wait was about 30 minutes. The owner greets you at the door and is more than willing to talk to his customers while they wait. He's also helping his staff. The staff turn tables pretty quick and everything is cleaned. The food was pretty good. We had the biscuits and gravy and the pancakes. Great service too. If you are looking for a local place that isn't over priced and off the strip I would recommend it here.
Chicken fried steak with gravy...yummy! Friendly staff with quick service.  30+ minute wait, but good food at a good price is worth the wait. We will be back.
Wanted to eat breakfast off of the strip on the way home. The food was awesome! Service a little slow; put cheese on my order the first time but overall great food and restaurant! The staff were all friendly! I would recommend!
Great place to eat food was excellent and low cost. My family and I were satisfied we will come back again when we're in town.
It was one of those mornings when I was too lazy to cook breakfast (this actually happens 90% of the time) so my boyfriend and I decided to try this place down the street from our house.. . At first, I was taken aback by all the blue paint. But considering the restaurant was wedged between two hardware shops, I guess it makes sense..... . The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive despite the fact that it was so busy! Two people came by to greet us and let us know that there will be a small wait.. Which I didn't mind! It's the small things that matter :). . The beef vegetable soup and chicken noodle soup was hearty and delicious! I love thyme in my soup and this one had plenty! I can already imagine myself ordering this and having it delivered to me for those cold winter nights in Vegas :). . I ordered a custom omelette loaded with veggies and sausage, and it was huge!!! The omelette wasn't overlooked, the cheese melted perfectly on top and layered inside, so each bite was wonderfully goozy and delicious! . . Overall, the proportions here are huge and filled me up. I'll be coming back here again!
Very nice attentive staff. We had the chili cheese omelette with egg whites and the Spanish omelette with egg whites.. . My son had pancakes and bacon.. . The food was good but not great but I definitely would suggest coming here due to the very low prices, and friendly staff.. . It is very clean here and people constantly coming in even on a Thursday morning. . . I wouldn't suggest ordering The chili cheese omelette but looking at everyone else's food on the other tables, looks like they have A lot of delicious items.
This is a 4 due to the service and the price, the staff is very fast and efficient.  The food, is well, just breakfast food, nothing spectacular at all.  We had the 2 egg  breakfast and an order of biscuits and gravy.  Hash browns were very good, eggs were done right, toast was toast.  Gravy was a little odd, but I was told itwould be as it had maple syrup in it... meh, ok.  The wait is LONG, be ready for it.  The atmosphere is severely lacking.  But for a $6 breakfast in LV, I get it.
