This hotel is nice.  It is a little out dated but it is clean and kept up well.  I looooved the location.  I stayed two nights in two different rooms with two different views.  One side has a view of the paris, m&m factory, MGM and Excalibur.   The other side looks out at the pool, Aria, and city center (I liked that side better).  There is a tram that runs from Monte Carlo to Aria, City Center and the Cosmo.  I liked that.  The pool looked amazing, although it was closed because of the weather.  The room was pretty nice.  The tv's were old but the beds were amazingly comfortable!  The bathroom was ok the second night our bathroom sink was clogged.  But everything was really clean.  I would absolutely stay here again!
Hubby n I needed a retreat from our day to day life.  He surprised me with a room that included a jacuzzi facing the strip!  This room also included a wet bar which came in handy as we bought our own alcohol.  The room was nice and pretty clean.  What I didn't like was the hallway smelled like old musky cologne.  I don't think it was from an old man because that smelled lingered there during our whole stay,  The elevators were pretty accessible meaning they weren't crowded all the time, like some other hotels.  I really like the location of the Monte Carlo, smack in the middle of the strip.  Another plus is that it tram that connects to the the Aria and to the Bellagio,  It was super cold when we were there last week, 40's, and we didn't want to be walking from one place to the next.
I know, everyone is probably thinking, um, the Monte Carlo?!?  Never heard of it...why would I want to stay there?  I want to stay at the Bellagio or some place swanky!. . And that is when I'm going to call you a n00b.  Because let's review what one does when one come to Vegas: drink, gamble, shop, eat, and do inappropriate things that you can't get away with in your dinky little hometown.  Notice that none of those items include "sleep" or "bed" (not even doing the inappropriate things.  If you're doing it right, it'll be out in public with a cop on the verge of arresting you.  Heh.  I kid.  Sort of.).  So why blow all that money on staying in the Bellagio (BTW, the non-suite rooms are pretty tiny), when you're only go to use it to pass out?. . Now that that's been covered, here's why the Monte Carlo rocks my socks:. . 1) It has a great location!  Centrally located across from MGM and Luxor, right on the Strip.. . 2) Rooms are big and roomy and very clean.  Not overly imaginative in the decor, but hey, I didn't come to Vegas to spend all my time in a hotel room (see paragraph 2 of this review)!. . 3) Not overly themey.  Don't get me wrong, I love all the theme hotels - I can spend hours in the Venetian or the Bellagio walking through their lobbies and shops, but I don't like to stay there, because I don't want to deal with annoying tourists (yes, I know I'm one too) while trying to get back to my room to pass out from drinking waaaaay too much.. . 4) The staff is generally very nice.  Each time I've come, I've asked for a room with a view of the Strip and each time, the front desk is able to accomodate me without giving me dirty looks or hem and haw over prices or any other nonsense.. . 5) There is a GREAT diner in this hotel, which seems like the lamest thing to be excited about...except when you've been awak for 26 hours and realized that you haven't eaten a bite for 20 of those hours, and you're on the verge of passing out but you need to get some food in you before you do, or you may die and never awaken.. . 6) It's connected to the Tram that will take you over to the Luxor and all that.  The Deus bus stop is right out front.  Yes, I hate walking so this really matters a lot to me.. . 7) The price!  Even before I start hitting up all the discount price sites for steals and deals, the rooms are usually around $60 - $100/ night.  After I start searching for deals, I can usually snag the room for about $39/night.  Um, HECK YEAH!  Especially considering where it's located!
Another stay here and I still haven't been swayed towards the negative. It was extremely convenient to catch the shuttle to CES. Although the hotel was a stop, we could never seem to make it in time for the 10:30am cut off. Fortunately, it's along the route of the City Center Tram, which also stops at the other shuttle area at the Bellagio. The staff was wonderful as always. Even my friends who have never stayed here until this past weekend loved it too. Then again, anything's better than Motel 6.
Old hotel but always filled with guest and tourists. The Jaba was a great addition to this hotel!
good location, neighboring stores,  reasonable price, clean, fast food down stairs. the only complaint was that i paid for strip view but didn't strip view, nice view but not what i wanted. didn't get to see jwockeez downstairs.....thanks friend.
I've always loved Monte Carlo, less the time we spent there during renovations after their fire a few years back. The rooms are always clean and in good taste--no cheesy Vegas haunt here! They are always decently priced...not my favorite of the casino/hotels but it will do for a quick trip and you can't beat the centralized location!
Not sure why everyone dogs the check in service. They were very friendly and helpful. Even upgraded my room to a higher floor at no cost because they had a cancellation.. . Loved the convenient food court for the late night SBarros or McD's. Also morning Starbucks. . . For the price it's a great value. Clean and in the upper 1/2 of Vegas Casinos.
I just recently stayed here for the second time.  I took an early flight out and i was pleasantly surprised that we could check in at 10am.  The rooms here are nice and the price was really affordable.  If your staying at the hotel you can get 35% off Jabbawockeez tickets.  The show was pretty cool and wasn't expensive so I was happy we checked that out.  If you gamble enough at MGM casinos and have a players card you can use your points towards your room rate.
I've only stayed here once, and only for 1 night. . The room was average, which is good in my eyes. Spacious, clean. Can't complain. The food court is decent for fast food. . . The pool, I haven't checked out yet.
Excellent hotel and convenient location. Near convenience stores and has an in-casino food court. Although the food court selections aren't the most exciting, there is some variety, but be ready for higher prices and adjusted menus.. . Overall, Monte Carlo definitely has everything you need. And an A-OK buffet.
Conveniently located in the middle of strip.  It's connected to two other hotels via tram.  Easy access from the parking to the hotel.  They have great deals for their rooms and the rooms are pretty nice.  They just opened up the new below 5 ice bar. The eternity pool is nice, kind of crowded, but they have cool hosts and are very friendly.  My boyfriend and I are definitely going back!
Stayed here fortwo nights and really liked it!  The price was pretty decent, as was the location.  The sheets and beds were surprisingly really comfortable and super clean (as were the carpets and the entire room).  My only complaint was the bathtub was a tad small, and the towels were low quality.  Aside from that, I loved it.  Definitely would consider coming back!
When me and my wife go to Vegas we usually fancy the nicer hotels in Vegas.... Monte Carlo was never on my list of hotel to visit but my aunt offered to send us on a little weekend getaway and I didn't want to break the bank so I suggested we look at more modestly priced hotels so me and my wife decided on the Monte Carlo. We were really hoping that we didn't make a super bad choice and to my surprise we did not... as a matter of fact we really loved the hotel and the room and all the amenities that came with the room. I must say that the Monte Carlo has totally changed my mind and I know for a fact that I will be returning here in the future.
After two back breaking nights on the hard beds at the Flamingo, I was actually grateful for their having messed up my reservations causing me to need to look elsewhere for a final night in Vegas.. . Calling through my mLife promotions for the best rate, I landed at the Monte Carlo and got a great room for $39/night.  (Plus their $15 resort fee, but I'd been paying that much for internet each day at the Flamingo..  soooo..  it kind of evened out.). . Check-in was a breeze, although I could see it being a totally different experience if it were crowded.  There were no formal lines or queue.  You just sort of found your way to a desk agent and were helped.  Mine was extra friendly and fast (what is it about Vegas hotels and airport gate agents that require 15 minutes of typing to process anything?!)  I was given a room on the 19th floor on the east spoke (MC is in the traditional 3-spoke ground plan that Mirage and TI are also in.)  I had an awesome view of the mountains and the backsides of NYNY, Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.. . Now, it may have been in comparison to the torture device that I'd spent the last two nights in, but the bed here was so much nicer!  Nicer linens and a big comforter!. . Room was spot on in size (though, no huge.)  I imagine if it had been a 2 queen room it might have felt cramped.. . The bathroom was spacious and didn't feel like I was crammed into it.  My only complaint was the shower.  Several other people have noted this and I have to agree ---  the water pressure on the shower feels like you're getting sandblasted!  OUCH!. . I enjoy the Monte Carlo's gaming floor and have always done well.  Their choice of dining options is enough to satisfy most appetites, but if you can't find what you're looking for here, the MC is connected via free tram to Aria/CityCenter/Bellagio/Cosmo, and NYNY is a 3 minute walk.. . All-in-all, a great hotel with a just-short-of-awesome location.
Our personal favorite for location, price, reasonably-priced table games and our favorite slot machine we can find nowhere else (Good Times, look for it when the multiplier is up past 7x, we've won hundreds on it multiple times... and dropped more than that trying to win....)  A great food . court, nice enough rooms.
The honey and I stayed here one night when we were in Vegas and it was a great hotel. The pool was amazing, the view was breath taking, the service was great, even the lines were set-up efficiently and moved quickly. . . the only real problems were, that the moment you walked in it had this odor of bad flowers and smoke smell, it made me ill. also with thenew aria Hotel, it is a maze of stairs, walk ways and BS to get past it and to the Monte Carlo, I almost feel bad for them. The last complaint, for whatever reason we didn't like to gamble there!! maybe the smell, or the older "we take things WAY to serious vibe" types of people or what, but we never spent a dime there!!. . but if you want to stay at a wonderful hotel, with great views and not too expensive, then this should be on the top of your list.
Finally, I'm moving up in the world! (From the Tropicana and then the Circus Circus... haha). . Really no complaints about the Monte Carlo, it was nice!  Most of all, prime location if you don't need something super high-end.  Close to all the action and just steps away from the beautiful City Center!
Maybe it was because I was with two of my best girls, maybe it was because it's VEGAS....but i have no complaints. We arrived, the valet dudes were kind enough, bellman was attentive...the lines for check in were kinda wacky, but short enough. Checked in to our room, it was clean and cozy enough. As mentioned by other reviewers, the towels did have a slightly burned smell. Odd. The Casino was a bit smokey but not too bad, whatever scent they had pumping in to mask the smell did the trick. I loved the location...we were able to get out and walk the strip, hitting up all the shops we felt were priority =). We hit up two local clubs and each averaged about 10 bucks a cab ride, one way. One of my fav casinos is NYNY, which was right next door to Monte Carlo...so that was great! Oh and the little retail shops in Monte Carlo were great! We picked up a few little last minute items to make us just that much cuter for our nightlife ventures! I would love to stay here again.
You can't beat the price when there's a sale. A good tip to get good deals would be to sign up for email deals. I love their pools and lazy river.
Went fight weekend(pacquiao vs mosley).  Have to say that the resort is pretty much what i expected...and actually a little more.  Check-in wasn't too busy despite it being noonish.  The receptionist who helped me was SUPER nice(can't remember her name..ugh).  The room was really nice and the flat screen tv was a total nice surprise.  I needed to use the blow dryer and it was broken, they sent one right up. - Super nice staff..when you walk the hall ways they always greet you with a smile and hello.. . I had swam at their pool before when a friend of mine stayed here and she snuck us is...the pool is pretty cool, although SUPER crowded!! The first day i had to sit just by the edge of the pool with my stuff.  The 2nd time we visited the pool we were able to get chairs.  The only thing is they seem to ber VERY short staffed with the cocktails waitresses.  There was also a cougar on the prowl and she was dancing with some young guys..it was pretty funny.(check out the picture i posted ;) ). . . All in all..i would recommend this hotel to a friend....and though i might not stay here again, but that's only because every trip to LV i like to experience a new hotel each time.
Love staying at the Monte Carlo because it's affordable and there's a food court...yea the Venetian has a food court too but unless I find an amazing deal, it's way out of my price range. Checked in on a Sunday and was told its their busiest day but the lady who helped me out was very nice and cheery, like she actually likes her job! The rooms are adequate, nothing spectacular. . But I love the lazy river at the pool and I always seem to find chairs even if it seems crowded. However, you do get what you pay for, the crowd is definitely younger. Lots of 21st birthdays being celebrated.. Love the tram that goes to Aria and Bellagio tho, cuts down a bit of the walking!
I love our stay at the Monte Carlo. We had Spa suit ($90) sweet. Room was big with bar, sofas, comfy bad and nice jacuzzi next to the window with the strip view.Awesome.. Cleaning service was very good.. Definitely I will stay again.
**Casino review** . . It's funny how we end of playing here more than the hotels we are actually staying at. Bottom line is we always seem to win a bit, the dealers are friendlier than a lot of other casinos and the layout is super easy to navigate. Also, the Monte Carlo never seems to get as busy as some of the newer, swankier places.. . I usually despise those paid girls who dance on the tables while people are playing their table games but at the Monte Carlo they seem less skank and more friendly (instead of shooting your husband "I wanna f* you" looks they actually smile at everyone). . . I've stayed here a couple of times in the past and always thought it was okay. Apparently they've upgraded since the last time we were here. Considering the amount of time we spend here maybe we should consider staying too. It would definitely make the trip from the blackjack table to bed a helluva lot quicker!
My traveling companions and I arrived at the Monte Carlo on a Thursday evening (around 8:00 PM) and were pleasantly surprised. We'd found a really outstanding rate for the long weekend and having never even walked into the place on previous visits to Sin City weren't sure what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised.. . The cab dropped us off and a bellman was there within seconds to take our luggage. Our luggage was taken away and we were given a number to call to have it delivered once we were in our rooms. It was so easy. . . We walked in and I immediately noticed how good it smelled. This is not the typical experience I've found, especially when smoky casinos are involved. The friendly staff member who checked us in informed us that the pleasant fragrance was from the fresh-cut roses seen all over the lobby that were also placed into the ventilation system. The bell desk staff was also very friendly. We'd ordered a motorized scooter to be delivered for my grandmother (we were in town celebrating her 80th birthday and while she can play slots all day and night she can't walk there) and it was ready and waiting. The whole check-in process took at most ten minutes.. . The rooms were very nice and our luggage arrived within 5 minutes of calling to request it. The rooms were quite spacious with clean, soft bedding and plenty of pillows. There weren't enough hangers in the closet which is not something that bothered me but if you're like my grandmother who apparently is allergic to wrinkled clothing you might want to bring or request extra. The bathrooms were pretty typical, very clean and stocked with plenty of towels. The biggest issue with our rooms, which were on the pool side of the hotel, presented itself the next morning when the pool opened and the music blared from 9 AM - 6 PM. It was loudest on Friday and Saturday so if you are one who likes to sleep in or take naps so you can party all night you may want to request a room that doesn't overlook the pool.. . Speaking of the pool area...it was quite nice. There were people lined up at 9:00 every morning to be sure to get seats but many of them just put towels on chairs and took off. The days we got to the pool later in the day we had a bit of trouble locating chairs but always found some. The wave pool was a lot of fun and the other pools were also great, never overcrowded even with the place was packed. They have some ridiculous pool rules, however, namely the rule against bringing food or beverage. I understand that they want to sell as much food and drink as possible but to not allow even bottled water is a little silly, especially in the DESERT. We ended up purchasing bottles (at $5 each) but they were served with as many cups as we wanted and plenty of ice. Drinks were pricey as was the food which meant we didn't do much drinking or eating at the pool. . . There were plenty of options for food in the hotel including a food court with plenty of quick and economical choices including McDonald's, Subway, Starbucks, Sbarro and Rubio's. The Cafe is open 24 hours and had really great food ranging from breakfast to sandwiches to pasta, etc. We also dined at the Italian restaurant, D. Vino, and the food/wine were excellent. . . The casino is on the smaller side but still has plenty of tables and slot machines. I really don't gamble all that much but managed to have a good time on the penny slots. . . Housekeeping was a bit pushy. I am not the type to need my room cleaned every day which seemed to be something that unnerved them. They called and left messages every day and were in our rooms seemingly within seconds if we neglected to hang the "do not disturb" sign. They also did room check at 9 AM on the day we were checking out when official check-out wasn't until 11 AM and we were even granted an extra hour at no charge. I suppose this is better than having unresponsive and incompetent cleaning staff.. . I really enjoyed my experience at the Monte Carlo and would definitely stay there again!
I really like this hotel. The rooms are definitely modern and up to date. Bathrooms are clean and marbled. Beds are comfy, inviting, and looks new. Updated amenities. The suite was spacious and enough for at least 4 people.. . The pool was amazing. They have a normal pool, a lazy river, AND a wave pool. I am in love with the wave pool! I spent most of the time in the wave pool, and when it's turn off, I'd grab a beer and lounge in the lazy river. There's also DJ/ MC the last time I stayed there, so it was entertaining as well.
I stayed here the first weekend of March. Our party of 8 took up two rooms. And I don't have any complaints about the hotel. We didn't use the swimming pool or other amenities, but it was nicely located. Just a block down from the drug store where we stocked up on snacks and liquor. Our rooms were clean with enough towels and we had a nice view of some of the strip, including the MGM hotel. It's not a fancy shmancy hotel, but it's still nice at an affordable rate.. . We watched the Jabbawockeez show which was located in the Monte Carlo's theatre. . . The employees they had running the line for the taxis did their jobs, but weren't exceptionally friendly or anything. . . I'd stay here again if the price was right.
Seemed very glamorous from the outside whenever I saw pictures and passed by. We stayed there for 4 days recently and I have to say that it was pretty funny having a McD's in the lobby. =) The only issue I had was the fact that my floor's vending machine was ALWAYS out of bottled water!!! I had to travel to the next floor up each and every time. I called the Concierge about this and they apologized and said they would fix it but to no avail. You'd think that in HOT Vegas, H2O would be imperative on their service list??? *sigh*
This rating is simply for the Jabbawockeez performance we watched and nothing else. I loved watching them, and I'll come back again. I can't give out to many details about the show, but I can tell you, if you like dancing, comedy, music, or you're just a big fan of the Jabbawockeez, you will definitely enjoy this show. I recommend everyone of all ages to check this show out. I found myself entertained throughout the whole show, you guys are true professionals.. . Jabbowockeez you rock! Keep up the good work I'll be back for more action soon.. . PS: Thanks to Duane (JBWKZ uniform manager) for hooking up our 3 boys with some autographed masks! Mad ups to the whole JBWKZ crew/team for taking the time to keep all your fans happy. Thanks!. . I actually had to drop this place one star, because my initial review was actually ONLY for the Jabbawockeez, but then I found the real yelp for the Jabbawockeez show so I decided to just put my review there instead and just rate my review here of what I actually think of the Monte Carlo with the average of the fact that the Jabbawockeez perform their. All in all this place deserves a 4 star.
Overall experience was great! We got the cheapest room available, but it was a beautiful, clean room with a nice view of New York New York. Rates are very reasonable, especially if you go during the week. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The grounds were very well kept. The pools were awesome (loved the wave pool!). There is the "Street of Dreams" inside which has a few bar/restaurants and some boutiques. The buffet wasn't that great, not worth the $24. But the food court they have is convenient when coming back at odd hours of the night! There was a Mcdonald's (CASH ONLY), Subway, Sbarro, and Starbucks. The casino here was nothing special, but I would recommend checking out the ALL ICE bar, unfortunately we didn't get to go but it looked really cool...literally! The location of the Monte Carlo was not bad, right next door to New York New York and near Planet Hollywood. Not exactly the middle of the strip, more towards the end, so take into consideration where your going to go because there aren't many places to cross the street on Las Vegas Blvd.I highly recommend getting an all day bus pass!
This past weekend, I trekked my way to Las Vegas again to have a little fun with my friends.  I stayed at the Monte Carlo because my room was comped, and I'm glad to see that there were some improvements made since my last stay.. . Check In. . Check in was a breeze.  I arrived at the hotel at around 8AM because I flew in on a red-eye flight from the east coast.  When I arrived at the check in counter, the agent informed me the room hadn't been ready, however would contact me when the room was ready.  I felt that the service was personable.  The room was eventually ready by 11AM.. . Bell Hop. . Very friendly service.  Stored my bags in the back, and my laptop in their locker.  Felt very secure and safe that my personal belongings would be kept in a safe area.. . The Room. . OK, so this hotel can't be compared to some of the other newer properties for obvious reasons, but really, how much time do you spend in your room?  Do you actually take time to observe and nip pick on the decor?  You gotta be kidding me...you are in your hotel to pass out from partying, and wake up with a hangover....duhhhhh!  The room was fine--no frills, no fancy stuff....serves its purposes with beds and a shower.  It was fine for us.. . The Casino. . Man, this casino was hoppin' like no other.  My friends and I won a ton of money here---craps, blackjack, and slots.  For some crazy reason, it was paying out like crazy, and I don't regret it at all.  . . Overall. . I don't hate or love it.  It's a hotel right on the strip, and you can't beat its location.  Sure, if I had a little more money, I'd probably stay in a higher end property, but the bottom line is that it served our purposes--a place to sleep at the end of the night and I can't complain about that for sure.. . My overall grade:  B / B+
I really enjoyed staying here. It didn't break the bank, however I still had all of the wonderful amenities of staying on the strip. Only a quick walk to New York New York, MGM, and many other great hotels nearby.. . FRONT DESK - Never too crowded and always there to help. I even used the concierge to plan a night out. She called the restaurant and helped me decide on a club to go to, reserving the bottle and everything.. . POOL -  Fun, good drinks, but not overly crowded. There were some kids there, but they never seemed to bother me. I did find it odd that they played some serious club music at the pool, and the crowd didn't seem to match the energy they were attempting to create at the pool.. . CASINO was a blast. I loved that I could find $10 Black Jack tables 24 hours a day. I rather not play at $25 at night when I have had a few drinks.
I know you might be wondering why Monte Carlo would be getting a four star for my review but really they have so much inside this casino that they deserve a four star!. . A lot of people might say this is an old casino worth not going to but I really believe that this place does take very good care of the customer! Which is you and when you, and when you are on vacation you want to be nice and happy!. . One thing I love about it was how friendly the check in counter was. The girl literally told me what her plans were for the weekend. Be reminded that I did check in on Thursday and stayed till Tuesday. It was a long week for me in Monte Carlo but I did feel a sense of belonging! Fast service and then after that when we needed extra towels a few times, they brought it up quickly and left in a second!. . Alright so what else is great about this resort? Well the pool is amazing. I was in that pool daily and I loved it. They have many different types of pools, a small wave one, a lagoon, and just regular pool. All were really nice and the music was amazing!! . . What more can you ask for? Also they do let you drink alcohol but you have to buy it from the pool side area. If you want come early because this place is pretty packed and the lines for alchy can become long! . . With soo many lounge chairs to be able to lay around and be comfortable is amazing! I thought this place should really get an award for being on top of comfort for guest ! . . I love also how it is connect with Aria and Bellagio by this awesome new tram. Just ask for assistance if you can't find it and someone will really help you out! No Joke. . . Thanks for making my week a very great and fun time,I will for sure recommend coming here if you love to have a great time in the pool and quick service! :)
Clean rooms :) . Easy check-in and easy check-out :) . Friendly and fast valet :) . Plenty of dining choices :) . Nice pool, but seriously overcrowded :/ . . The people at the pool were all super cool, so that was a relief with such a crowd. We walked around the entire pool area before finding even one available lounge chair. Don't count on finding a couple lounge chairs together unless you get there early or your neighbors are nice enough to shuffle and let you take one of their seats.  But the music at the pool was great and the fellow sun worshipers were awesome people, so it worked out OK. Our tip: Arrive at the pool EARLY to snag a couple lounge chairs next to each other, otherwise be prepared to split up or share a chair. Still tons of fun!!
Best deal on the strip.  The casino has good music, great drinks. awesome service, and the rooms are cheap yet very nice.  It's not as busy as some of the more popular casinos so there is very fast drink service and plenty of open machines with a lot of wins!  It's in a great location too, I don't think I would want to stay anywhere else unless I wanted to pay twice as much for  some sort of special occasion.
This is probably the best value in Vegas. We've stayed here several times and are spending a couple nights this weekend. For the base room, we avg. $50/night. That's not bad for a themed hotel that is clean with lots of great shops. . . The only annoying thing: Jabbawokee music playing every time you enter the elevators. I'll take the stairs. They aren't booking the best shows/entertainers, but it's better than some of the other hotels.. . When we left in February they were in process of putting in new Samsung flat screen TV's. This is a nice upgrade, seeing as how the old CRT's had their day. . . Overall a great place to book if you're on a budget but still looking for a place that's clean.. . Pro tip: join MLife so you can get really good deals. d.Vino is a must--great food, great prices.
This review is long overdue but I stayed here (not on my most recent trip) a few months ago and it was my first time staying at Monte Carlo and it exceeded my expectations.  We stayed there for 3 nights and the rates were about $50.00/night which I thought was a great deal.  The hotel and the rooms were very clean and if you're a Jabbawockee fan, they play the music in the elevators which I really enjoyed.  There's also a food court (Sbarro's, Subway, McDonald's, Starbucks and some other restaurants) which is great when you don't want to spend $$$ for food and just wanted to grab something quick.  I would totally stay here again.  There's a shortcut to walk over to Aria (follow the signs to the tram) and there's a tram that will take you to the City Center and Bellagio.
Very nice for the price, very convienent location on the strip and the front desk very tentative!!!
stayed here with a few friends for a bdai ...service is quick and the pool fit a lot of people comfortably...rooms are decent tho nothing special
Couple years ago I stayed here and had an issue and the staff fixed it and made my stay perfect since then I have stayed here almost everytime I am here in Vegas. The service and rooms are wonderful. . The food court is right next to the hotel elevators and the main table pit is close. The beverage staff are so quick and sweet.. This is becoming one of my favorite hotels because of the customer service.
Disclosure: It is what it is.  My review is based on the fact that it is a 3 1/2 star hotel and I will only compare this hotel other 3 1/2 star hotels.  As compared to other 3 1/2 star hotels, I would rate this one near the top.. . Check-in - . Stayed for 3 nights (R, F, A).  Arrived first night at 1am (F) (drove in from CA) - we had booked a King Room facing the strip on a high floor.  We got 2 full beds, facing to the West (not the Strip).  Was told that check-in starts at 3p and anytime after that the runs the risk of losing a booked room.  Even though I remained calm/relaxed, the 2 reps were not overly friendly nor apologetic - didn't even offer a free drink comp or anything like that. The next day, at 4p I went back to check-in our new room - and they corrected it - getting us a King room, high floor, facing the strip.  The rep this time was great.  I believe her name was Jennifer (late 20s~early30s).  She was courteous, made pleasant small talk while she was on hold with Hotel Ops (to release our room to us), professional, and ensured that I was taken care of or if I needed anything else.  Probably why she is working the day shift.. . Room -. Was nice, clean, etc.  No major blemishes/etc.. . Pool - . Great pool area.  Lazy river, wave pool, hottub, regular pool, beach area.  Music playing, DJ/Host shows up ~11a offering free shots/etc.  Music is Pop/Dance.  Not as crazy as some of the other hotels but def still can get PG-13/R after 1p as the booze/sun really takes its' toll on the patrons (aka drunken debaunchery). . Bought 2 tubes ($15/$13 Lg/Sm) vs paying $10/day to rent for the lazy river.. . Workout facility - was much nicer than I was expecting.  Full set of free weights as well as a machine for each Chest/Tris/Abs/Bis/Back/Legs.  About 8 treadmills, 3 spin machines, 3 or 4 tv's.  . . Pros - Pool (Lazy River & Wavepool), Burger at the Pub (Med Rare) - was so awesome and cooked perfectly.. Cons - Strawberry daiquiri slushie - no good; Late night hotel reps.; Resort Fee
I love the pool at the Monte Carlo.  Specifically, the lazy river!  Great people watching, cool views, and cold drinks.  GREAT DJ most days.
Called the number on back of Player's Card and this place had the bet rate for a Friday night - $130.. . I will be back here again, and here's why:. . -Rolled up at midnight and was in and out of valet within 30 seconds. -Check in was a bit confusingsince there was no line but people just standing around an waiting.  I waited in an open spot, was promptly called up, received the room keys and was on my way in less than 5 minutes. -Elevator is right next to check-in, no walking across the casino floor. -great location: right next to City Center. -late checkout at 12pm
It was a wonderful stay. I got the spa suite and it had the view of the strip. All I can say is I will go back to this hotel again.
I LOVE staying at the Monte Carlo when I go to Vegas. The rooms are a decent size, they're clean, the bathrooms are okay. The maids are really nice. They will switch out your towels daily, without asking. The hotel has 24 hour room service. . . There is a 15 dollar resort fee daily but that includes free internet so whatever. . . The pool area is great, entrance is free. They provide towels and water. There is a pool, wave pool, hot tub and lazy river. There is also two bars, waitresses and a volleyball court. There is a restaurant attached to the pool called The Pub- we had lunch there. The sliders and nachos are amazing. The bar has 100s of different beers. You can rent or buy tubes for the lazy river- we went next door to CVS and got ours for 3.99$.. . Oh yea, there is a CVS next door- super convenient. . . Inside the hotel there is a mall and food court. The food court has pizza, chinese, subway, mc donalds, and a couple of other places- great for grabbing late dinner. . . The hotel also has a tram which connects to Crystals, The Cosmo and Aria. . . I would def recommend staying here, and I will be back again!
I have so much to say about Monte Carlo after staying there for 5 nights and having visited their pool, lounge, casino, etc. How should I start?. . Location:  is great. It's in the middle of the strip. There's a CVS next door and there's an ABC Store, Walgreens, Showcase Mall (M&M World and Coca Cola Store, movie theaters) right across the street. There's also a bus stop where the Deuce and the express stops right in front of Showcase. The only offset about location is that only the Deuce stops in front of Monte Carlo. If you catch the express, you would have to get off either at Bellagio or Excalibur. It's a short walk to both but I think Excalibur is closer. New York New York is right next door as well. There's also a tram that connects you to City Center and Bellagio and you can catch that by going through the shops. . . Rooms:  The rooms are pretty comfy with nice TVs (so not like the old school TVs IP has) with cable. We were able to get adjoining rooms so it felt like we had a suite (if only that wall wasn't in the way) haha. Rooms are not huge but they are decent sized. Walls are a little thin but being Vegas, we never had any complaints. The iHome on our side was broken (it could charge my phone but didn't play music) but the one in our other room worked so we were fine with that. . . Pool: They have a heated pool, lazy river, wave pool, and a huge jacuzzi. You can rent a tube for $10 but we had a special thing so we got 2 for 1 tubes. The wave pool wasn't very strong so I got bored of that pretty quickly. I liked the lazy river but it got so crowded at times:[. . Lounge: A friend and I checked out the Brand Lounge on our first night at Monte Carlo. It was $20 for girls and all you can drink. They gave us each a pink cup and we just kept getting refills. It started off super weak at first and got gradually stronger which makes no sense at all. We had a pretty good time there. The crowd is a little older (mid-late 20s).. . Casino: I had some good times as well as bad times at the casino here. I did super bad when I played alone but when I had my friends with me I did fairly good. Haha. We had a good laugh with one of the casino attendants (the guy in charge of the table). The dealers were nice and friendly. . . Buffet: A friend and I woke up earlier than everyone else once so we decided to check out the buffet with our 2 for 1 deal. It was okay as far as buffets go. Not the best but not the worst. I preferred Bellagio's buffet but that's not too surprising. Their orange juice was kinda gross though =\.
I just spent Labor Day Weekend at Monte Carlo Resort and Casino!  Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at this hotel and I would recommend it to friends.. . Although it's not the nicest hotel on the strip and a little bit older than the surrounding hotels like Aria, but it was still relatively clean and I'm happy to say I was not greeted with a cloud of smoke upon entering the lobby during check-in.  . . The Cons:. 1.  It's on the south end of the strip which is far from the night clubs we wanted to check out (ex: XS @ Encore). 2. They charge a daily resort fee. 3. Older rooms and bathrooms. 4. Thin walls (could hear neighbors coughing or talking sometimes). 5. One worker at the bell desk was a bit unpleasant upon our check out. . The Pros:. 1.  Not too expensive. 2.  There is a free tram that runs from Monte Carlo/Aria to Crystals shopping to Bellagio and back. 3.  Spacious rooms. 4. The casino area isn't too smokey like other hotels I've walked through. 5. Jabbawockeez! . 6. The employees at the front desk and Concierge are all very pleasant and helpful. 7.  Cute shops . 8. There is a wave pool and lazy river (did not have timeto check it out though). 9. There is a cafe that is open 24 hours . 10. Bed and pillows were comfortable . . I really enjoyed my stay at Monte Carlo and wouldn't mind staying again the next time I visit Las Vegas!
The Monte Carlo is a cool hotel. . .  Updated furniture, nice tv's, and good service.. . The pool at Monte Carlo is underrated.  Its a pretty nice pool to hang out, but minus the big rowdy crowd. . . Great location on the strip as well.
This was about the 5th time I stayed here. Had a  spa suite. I love the place. It is slightly dated, but the staff is excellent. The beds are very comfortable. It is easy to Navigate around. The rates are reasonable. You can find inexpensive tables to play on. . . Checked on comps prior to leaving. Already had the Suite comped and they still took off everything else on the bill. I would definitely stay here again. It may not be 5 star or have the luxury of the Wynn or Venetian, but it is a nice property.
Awesome pool area but it gets crowded.. . The rooms were ncie and clean but you can hear people next door..... . The views are not so great either. Having to open the blinds we had a metal chimney thing in our way.
Stayed at the Monte Carlo for my birthday weekend for 3 nights.  the room rates were reasonable, esp for a weekend, but it was a random weekend.  I got a coupon book which was pretty neat, my cousin and i def took advantage of that!  Rooms were clean and comfy.  The tv's weren't so nice, but it's Vegas, i guess they don't want you to stay in the room anyways hehe!
Perfectly adequate. . . I stayed in the Monte Carlo following a canceled flight (hurricane Irene) for 6 (yes, 6) nights. . . Monte Carlo is not an upscale Las Vegas resort. There, that's out of the way. If you want upscale, go to the Bellagio or Wynn or Encore or any of number of other places. . . What Monte Carlo offers is: . 1) Prime location. If you are planning on exploring the Las Vegas Strip, Monte Carlo make a great home base. It is centrally located and easily accessible. . 2) Totally average accommodations. The hallways may be crappy and old, but the guest rooms are perfectly average. They are no better or worse than a typical Holiday Inn (pre-renovation). Sure, they could use updating, but the beds are acceptable, the rooms are clean and you feel safe while you are there. For under $50 (or so) a night, you will not find a better deal ON the strip. . 3) A nice gaming atmosphere. The tables (blackjack, roulette) always seem inviting and friendly, they have some of the friendliest dealers and in general it is a nice place to gamble. . . The pool and lazy river are decent (nothing spectacular) and the walkway/access to the CityCenter Tram is a huge plus (it is very easy to get out and explore).. . Monte Carlo is not fancy. Accept that and you will have a good time. If you cannot accept that, don't stay there (there are tons of fancy places to stay). . . In general, Monte Carlo attracts a younger crowd (or so it seemed to me in my 6 days there and in my previous visits).
Went for a couple day trip to LV. Found a room here for a decent price and the reviews were good so I went for it. We only used it as a base to explore the city, and it worked well. Parking was easy to find and spots were plentiful. We never used valet, only self park. Check-in took about 5 minutes waiting in line, not a big deal. Got room keys and found the elevator to our floor. The room was nice, clean, and had no smoke smell. We had a view on the pool and parking garage. One thing noticeable is that there was no WIFI, only an ethernet cable to use. That was annoying. The only other complaint I have is the shower leaked all over the floor. No matter how you did the shower curtain, it still soaked the floor. Beds were comfy with a nice duvet. The hotel was also quiet. Walking through the casino, there are a few nice places to eat, as well as a food court that's open 24/7. The hotel is right across the street, and maybe a 10 minute walk from the Monorail station at MGM. One thing to be aware of is the outside pool and hot tub close in the winter. I was surprised it wasn't open and heated. Also, though it's not the hotels fault, AT&T seemed to be in a virtual dead zone around this hotel. Full bars and no connection. It wasn't isolated to one phone either.
Perfect location on the strip! Our room was nice, clean, didn't smell of smoke at all. In fact, our entire floor (31st) was smoke free. Check in seemed crowded, but the lines moved fast. Staff was very courteous. Called for feather pillows and they arrived within an hour. There is NO coffee maker in the room, but at least there's a food court with Starbucks, McDonalds, etc.  The music at the pools was rediculously loud, and the wave pool was emptied for the season. Kind of a party crowd scene at the pool area. There's a GREAT free tram that goes to City Center & Bellagio! Overall, good stay and would recommend this hotel because it was priced right and the location can't be beat.
Oh, Vegas. Why must you torture me so? Every time I swear I will never drunkenly stomp down the strip again, it seems as though, with a click of my heels, I'm magically home again.. . This past summer, I decided to venture out on a journey to an oasis in the middle of the desert, called "Vegas" to some, but known as "Sin City" to many. My roommate and I decided we should try something new for a change, since whenever I am in Vegas, I am seen stumbling around Excalibur, trying to find my room but having no recollection whatsoever wherever it is. I am geographically challenged. So, we decide to stay at Monte Carlo. It looks pleasant enough on the website, and a five hour journey later (give or take an hour), the interior looked impressive.. . While waiting in line impatiently, we were slightly spooked because the lady in front of us was rambling about how dirty her room was, and how she filed several complaints about it. She proceeded to fill us in on all the gory details, and I was slightly perturbed. Had we made a mistake? I was tired, and anxious to be in the comfort of my room. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, we were at the front of the line, checking in. I was slightly annoyed, because they were under staffed, and there was no distinct formation...it was all haphazard, to say the very least.. . But I was happy on one note. There was a bell hop, and he was happy to serve us. We were also in no mood to find parking, so we went through valet. They were nice guys, so score for that. Anyway, on to the room. When we got to our room, I was content. I immediately flopped on to the bed, and noticed how soft it was. It would do for later on, when I would more than likely be buzzed, and even a cold, hard bathtub would do for a sleeping arrangement. The bathroom was quaint, but the lighting did not flatter, but I was okay with that. There also was a floor length mirror right in front of my bed, and while it wasn't the most flattering...I felt like it added ten pounds...(or was it my endless drinking that caused that?)...it was convenient for when I wanted to straighten my hair.. . The first night, a friend joined us from Mandalay Bay, and we were determined to go out, but we were side tracked by a bar. Funnily enough, we never did go to the club we were originally thinking of going to, but spent our night away, getting intoxicated. The bartenders were a blast, and we did not feel sleepy until eight in the morning, when both of their shifts ended. I believe that place was called Ignite Lounge, and while my other friends went out, I was quite content staying within the safety of my casino for the night. It was a ritual throughout the trip, and amazingly enough, I met a couple of regulars that were staying at the Monte Carlo, as well. It transformed in to a kind of "Cheers" joint. I also met another fabulous bartender at Hit Lounge, and he entertained me for a couple of hours, talking about Las Vegas shenanigans, and actually told me to come on through later on if I wasn't going out, so we could throw back a couple of shots together. He was an older guy, but boy, he was so fun and relaxed! I suppose this is why I love casino bars. Since I'm from Arizona, and I frequent Scottsdale, I am accustomed to the snooty clientele that the nightlife attracts. I loved the chill factor here.. . And lastly, the food. Well, I went to the standard food court. We were supposed to all go to a buffet, but that plan was a bust. It definitely was an improvement to my eating fiasco at Excalibur. My whole diet consisted of a six inch sub from Subway, and that was my ambrosia for my duration of the trip.. . Would I come back and stay here? Abso-frockin'-lutely. I would stay here, JUST for the bartenders at Ignite lounge. Cool, cool dudes. We were even supposed to go to a strip club with them, but that will hopefully be another story for next time. Damn you, Vegas! . . PS: And may I add, I guess I had a pleasant stay because of the company I kept here. Remember, it's not the places you go to that counts...it's the people that can make or break an experience.
I received an e-mail for a special on MGM hotels, reserve a room for a minimum of 3 nights and receive two show tickets for free. The Cirque du Soleil Elvis show was on the list, my boyfriend is a huge Elvis fan, so it was a perfect birthday gift. . . As stated before, I like the Monte Carlo. I like that it's not a huge hotel that you have to trek across after a long day of walking. My boyfriend and I found the tram that runs to the Bellagio, really convenient since the Bellagio is in the "middle" of the strip. . . Yes, there are newer and fancier hotels on the strip. But if you are looking for a good hotel at a decent price, then this is the hotel for you.
This hotel looks super nice inside and out... I don't know about inside the rooms, but I will definitely be staying here next time to try it out.. . Anyway, I watched the Jabbawahkeez at the theater inside and it was very spacious and the seats were comfortable.. Later on we went to a lounge they have inside the hotel called "Brand". It was a $20 entry fee and for ladies it was unlimited drinks. Inside the lounge, it was very small and the few available seats were for people that payed more I guess? The bartender was super fast and got to everyone pretty quick. Overall, it was a good experience... I don't know if i'll go inside "brand" next time but for sure I'm getting a room there :)
I really liked this hotel. And for $50/night it was a great deal. I will definitely stay here again. The check in was fast & easy at about noon, I noticed later in the day the front desk gets super crowded & people probably wait a long time. The parking tower is really conveniently located near a bridge that leads right into the hotel lobby... Not blocks of walking & searching. From the front valet entrance, they must have some kind of air freshner pumped into the vents because it always smells so nice & fresh. There is a convenient food court right on the main floor just beside the casino with a 24hr McDonalds (makes good for any time easy eats), there are a variety of other chains in rife food court none of which are 24hr (Starbucks, Sbarro). The casino is ok. Pool was open (November) but the lazy river & what looked like a wave pool were drained & under construction. . . The only negative I can think of is the elevator system. The hotel rooms are separated into three sections, each with its own elevator: floors 1-12, 13-20, 20-35 (something like that). Our room was on the 11th floor & our friends were on the 18th floor. The only way to get to their room was to take our elevator down to the first floor & take their elevator up to the 18th floor because our elevator only went to the 12th floor. besides that, it's a great hotel.. . The room was clean & everything functioned well. Soaps & lotions were cheap-hotel grade, but I guess it's priced accordingly. The strip views from the room were nice. The walls are thin- neighbor next door had screaming baby at all hours of the night & day. If I would have forgotten my earplugs it would have been a problem but I had them so it was all good. Internet didn't work so well, kept dropping signal.
Really liked this place.  It had a nice layout of the casino floor, it was not smokey, and it had a very open feel to it.  Well kept up.  Stop by and say hi.
I meannnnn 4 stars for Monte Carlo? If you've ever heard Karey R. and I talk about Vegas, as it is our home away from home, you're probably thinkin' I done lost it. Word. OK, here's the situation:. . My parents went away on a week's vacation- just kidding, but if you get that, 5 stars for you.. . So, somewhere around midnight my very sober trio stumbled into Bellagio. We started playing craps with the intent of drinking and gambling- one thing which clearly benefited us and one which statistically benefited the casino... but really, let's be honest, the more we drank the more the casino was gonna benefit, so you would think I would have been offered more than one beer over the course of an hour and fifteen minutes? This isn't a review about the Bellagio though... So we got the heck out of there and trammed it down the way and my still very sober trio stumbled into Monte Carlo where the minimum wasn't $5 like the gold digging Bellagio, it was $3, and within 5 minutes of sitting were asked if we wanted a drink.  . . MC wasbetter ventilated, lower minimums, and over the course of an hour an a half I finished a six pack of new castle. That earns 4 stars in my book. With a good deal Karey R. and I may even consider staying here. Goes to show how important booze are when your name is Mary C.
Pros: Loved the Spa Suite, it was spacious and very clean.  Super convenient location in the middle of the strip walking distance to everything.. Cons: it had a funny smell which you eventually get used to, also my room had a great View of the Aria, but it would have been better if the Aria wasn't there.....didn't want to see a hotel that was nicer than the one I was staying at LOL.  I would come here again.
It was a pretty good hotel. The price was right. We got the cheapest room because, when in Vegas, we don't stay in the room too often :). . BEST FEATURE: Right next to the CVS!!! Easy to access to the strip and shopping. It's absolute BEST FEATURE.. . POKER ROOM: About a quarter of the size of Bellagio. Not the biggest poker room. It was nice enough. Played a tourney there. It was okay but I like bigger rooms.. . There's a new "Street of Dreams" shopping area that leads to the monorail. That will take you to ARIA, Bellagio and other hotels. Pretty convenient. . . I saw security in the hallway making sure that a couple having a "discussion" was not actually having a disruptive "argument" - I'm grateful to that. I detest rowdiness unless I am the creator of it.. . Did not visit the pool as it was winter.. . I'm starting to go to Vegas a little more - now that I have $$ to spend. Most of the hotels are pretty much the same. Keep in mind that big conglomerates own these babies now - as evidenced by the M-Life card.
Stayed 2 nights for NYE. Good stay. Busy lobby. Parking wasn't too bad, I get nervous when I drive in new places but my bf always ends up finding amazing parking, which was true in this case (2nd floor right by the walkway). He really wanted to watch the jabawockeez perform but the tickets are insanely fast to be sold out. There's a Subway, Mcdonald's and Starbucks downstairs, great for after a long night :-) The cafe downstairs wasn't horrible and it was decently priced for a late night meal (I was craving a quesidilla & bf had chicken and waffles), we skipped the buffet and went to the cosmopolitan's wicked spoon for a bfast buffet. Our room had a handicap shower and a view of the out of season pool and the monorail. I called the operator for a razor and they sent it up pretty quickly, definitely wasn't expecting it so quick. It was a better alternative than going to the CVS and waiting an hour in that humongous line. I really wish they had one of those huge bottles of water in the room, I was so dehydrated that I wouldn't have minded spending an extra $5 on a bottle of water. I know better than to use the hotel's soaps and stuff, so I brought my own. No microwave or fridge, no coffee maker either. Bummer but that's what free alcohol while gambling is for, right? Lots of extra hangers, hairdryer in the closet. I would come back. But I would definitely try somewhere new too. Good place to spend the night but not to hang out. Free CABLE internet, useless when it comes to ipads.
We had our 'Cousins Weekend' together and booked 8 rooms at the Monte Carlo. We had a great room rate of $85. with complimentary buffet coupons.. . When we checked, Melissa at the front desk was extremely helpful and has fabulous customer service skills.  She deserves 5 stars.  She made sure we were on the same floor/wing of the hotel.   Our rooms were located at the back of the hotel so the rooms were extremely quiet.. . Overall, the rooms are clean, beds were comfortable and location was fabulous.  An easy walk to the Aria, Cosmo and Bellagio. . . Four Stars based on value, quality of service and location.
A bit older hotel, but the staff and casino dealers and pit bosses could not be nicer.  They experience makes losing at least a good time. : ). . They need wifi in the rooms.
We stayed here recently and got the Spa Suite. Monte Carlo is definitely a little smaller than some of the massive hotels like MGM and Caesar's, but that's a positive factor for me. You can walk in the door and there's a sign that points you where you need to go and it's not a giant tease!. . The check-in line was huge and took absolutely forever to get in, but they let us check in a few hours early, so I can't complain about it too much.. . The carpet everywhere seemed a little dated and in our room honestly looked like it needed to be replaced. The window was also really thin and didn't quite fit in the frame just right (it opens a couple inches and it took the both of us to lift it at just the right angle to get it fully closed). It also could use a little re-caulking.. . But other than that the room was great. Bed was comfy and the jacuzzi tub filled up super quick. Water pressure was great and we never ran out of hot water, which is amazing.. . We'd definitely stay again!
I actually think MC is a solid 3.5 Stars, but am rolling up since my gripes are minimal and I would go back if I got the same room.  So, on with it..... . My hubby and I come to Vegas 1-2 times a year and tend to move around, never the same hotel twice. We got a great deal on the Monte Carlo Spa Suite so figured why not? Sure the MC is bit old, but its location next to the City Center is awesome! . . We arrived a few hours before check-in, but they let us check in at noon. Score! We took a short walk to the elevators and headed up to the 31st floor. The spa suite didn't disappoint! Sure it has a bit of an older style (brass fixtures, carpet and sofa have seen better days), but the view from the jacuzzi is out of this world (strip/mountain view)! It also had a king size bed, sitting area, bar area and decent size bathroom (although no double sinks). And it came with robes and slippers. . . The room was very clean and the maid service was prompt. When I had to call down for a hair dryer (none in the room), they got it up to me in 10m! Room service was prompt and good also. And all in all it was a good stay. . . My only complaints are 1) they really need new windows, we could hear the screams from the NYNY roller coaster riders some nights - with the windows and curtains shut! 2) Their resort fee of $20/day is a joke. It gives you bottled water (which we only got 1 day of 3), free phone calls (!? um, who doesn't have a cell) and a paper every day. Oh and WIRED internet access. Here is one place MC needs to get current - wifi please! . . Other than that, we really like the location and the hotel itself. It was nice to be close to all the newer spots on the strip without paying the big bucks. This place is small, but that is nice sometimes - less walking!. . Room Tip: The spa suite (31-101) has views of the mountains on on side and NYNY, Excalibur and Mandalay on the other - beautiful!
Unlike previous reviews, we stayed here 2 weeks ago for 2 days/3 nights, in the suite, and it was really clean, neat and comfortable. . . The only reason why I am not giving it 5 stars is because the walls are paper thin! We could hear our next door neighbors sneeze! Then we got a gaggle of drunk girls, who loved screaming, jiggling our door handle (this hotel is old enough to still have room-connecting doors) and playing an array of rap-country-rock music at 8 am. Also, we had a couch in the room that was awkwardly placed at a weird angle by the bed, making surrounding bed space uneven and hard to maneuver around. Also, I used the jets in the tub, and by next morning, there was black residue on the tub.. . Other than that, the cleaning staff was very friendly, the decor was new and modern, the lobby was lovely, and valet was somewhat fast. Its location is NOT the getto, but smack in the middle of the strip, so everything is close and accessible. It is waaaay better than the Luxor and in a better location than the Wynn. I'd recommend it.
Rooms were decent, typical Vegas hotel room.  Service was great, hospitality was on point.  we were total taken care of.  There is a nice Lounge, downstairs that the ladies can drink all night for $20.  I like that.  Had a great stay, will stay again.
Nice Casino for the money.  Clean rooms, upgraded to Strip view no charge, lots of fun.  Not a fan of the $20 per night "Resort Fee" Thought that was included in my $130/night hotel fee =).  But I can't complain about 130 per night on the strip.. . Overall very nice place.  Would return many times.
Stayed here during spring break last year. This resort & casino has a renaissance theme from the front entrance to each of its rooms. Not a lot of people rave about it, but it's actually pretty nice. Went to see the Jabbawockees perform at their own theater inside the Monte Carlo, which was nice because we didn't have to travel outside of our hotel.
HUGE*** FAN*** of this place! . . Vegas has and always will be my Yearly visit. If I had the choice where to spend my last $1000 on rent or a trip to Vegas? it would Vegas So you get the point am a FAN! . . Monte Carlo is my ideal pay it "safe" stay because i've been staying there since 1999 (the year i turned 18) hahaha . Okay, their Poor is where I'd like to highlight out ASAP. Wow amazing truly fun, extremely loud and busy! The drinks and services are A+ people! . . The rooms are amazing its what you want and ask for from Vegas. Nothing extra but enough to keep your stay Fun fun if you know what I mean (; . . Finally, their prices and rates truly a hit! huge fan always got the best rates around if it was weekdays or weekends you will get a great deal. Just make sure seriously to do the tips to get the treatment a "man" deserves it'll pay off believe me! Tip the guys that park your car, tip the lady that cleans your room don't cheap out! . . Note: their casino floor is not the best, I'd like to go to their next door up or down from the place and get a better luck! aghh what a huge lose on my last visit. :( . . Overall rating it a real B+
I loved our Kind sized bed! It was like sleeping on a cloud and I really wished I could spent all day lounging around. The room had a Keurig machine, which was used, and the television was awesome (it was the same one we have at home). The only problem I had was there was no blow dryer so I had to leave with wet hair. The toilet scared me because it was so powerful! The shower was nice, but it wasn't very big so you couldn't have a bath. I really, really  wished the walls were thicker because when the tricks next door stumbled in at 4 am, laughing and screaming, I was not a happy camper. Alas, there is no way the hotel can control that and people are just rude. The main floor was awesome and it smelled like incense! I will give the props when it comes to ventilation because amidst all of the smokers, I wasn't overwhelmed with the smell. I really, really liked that they had a food court because if you didn't feel like spending a million dollars on a big meal, you can just grab a snack. We spend most of our time gambling in Aria because the casino was crowded at Monte Carlo.  However, I wasn't happy with having to pay a resort fee, but I guess that's what I get. We got a great deal on our stay so if you are looking for a nice hotel on the strip that won't break the bank than Monte Carlo is a great choice.
I have no idea why this place isn't rated higher. I've stayed at the Rio, Treasure Island (first guest in a refurbished room a few years ago) and honestly, I love Monte Carlo. First and foremost, when it comes to social media, Monte Carlo is all over it. They're quick to respond to questions on Twitter, and are super helpful with recommendations. The staff at the resort itself is the same. We went to Vegas to do pool time and boozing. So our gambling consisted of $20 at the video poker machines at Ignite Bar (by Minus 5) and that included all we could drink. Bet 25 cents a hand, and you can really get your money's worth. And I won! Who actually wins on video poker? . . The pool is awesome. Lazy river, wave pool, huge hot tub and a regular pool give you plenty of options. We were there April 14-17 and we were never crowded when we were outside. . . Breakfast buffet is affordable and $4 extra gets you unlimited Mimosas. Seriously? Yes. And there are crab legs on the breakfast buffet. Amazing. . . Rooms were clean, had what we needed (because seriously, who spends a lot of time in their room in Vegas?), and when we needed more towels or whatever, they were quick to send those up. . . The Pub... Diablos... The watering holes at the Monte Carlo do not disappoint. Loved the chili garlic wings and sliders (AND HELLO BEER SELECTION) at the Pub, and Diablos is an awesome venue for some night time cocktails. . . Huge fan of the Monte Carlo. It's not a 5-star hotel, but they aren't claiming to be. Unpretentious Luxury is their thing, and it's perfect for me. I'll stay at the Monte Carlo again, for sure.
I stayed here with friends visiting from overseas. When looking to book a hotel in Vegas, we were all on a bit of a budget and wanted to find a fairly affordable place to stay on the Strip without sacrificing too much by way of quality and comfort. The Monte Carlo came up on the radar, sounded good, so we decided to book 3 nights here. All things considered, we were not disappointed.. . I booked through a 3rd-party site, which may have been a mistake, really, because they didn't disclose certain fees and policies in place at the Monte Carlo. So, at the time of check-in, I wasn't aware of the $20/night 'resort fee,' among other things. It left me feeling a bit 'irked' at the check-in counter, but it wasn't the fault of the hotel so much as the website I used to book, so I can't fault them for that. The check-in woman was very nice and helpful. The two rooms we initially received didn't meet with my expectations, but upon calling the front desk, they quickly transferred I and my friends to two adjacent rooms on a higher floor, which were much better.. . Our stay here was fine - not super-memorable or anything, but pleasant and excellent for the price and location. The valet service was prompt, the staff friendly, the housekeeping service efficient and the casino floor & restaurants clean and not overly-crowded or smokey. It was a good place to stay, particularly if you're on a bit of a budget and want to be close to the action that the Strip has to offer. It's not the Bellagio, but it's no CircusCircus either. I enjoyed my stay here, and would consider staying here again.
Cheap and has all the essentials. Food, casino, decent rooms, somewhere to sleep.
This was my first time staying at Monte Carlo and I really enjoyed it! Really, for the price, it was very nice. I stayed with my boyfriend for 2 nights for $226 (room + tax) + $40 (resort fee of $20/nt). (ps - I booked thru Hotels.com) Specifically, we booked this hotel bc 1) it was the cheapest but nicest hotel on the strip right next to the City Center with a casino and 2) no parking fees since we drove and the other hotels had the resort fee (which is standard for most hotels in Vegas) PLUS a parking fee of anywhere from $15-30/night which is just ridiculous. I have no regrets of booking my room here. For the price, I wasn't expecting a luxurious room but a decent and clean room which is exactly what it was. We got there around 1PM and we were able to check-in early which was a huge plus since we just got there after a 8 hour drive.. . Also, we won the most money here outta all the casino's we went to! SCORE! We were able to come back home WITH some money still in our wallets which was SOOOO unexpected, thanks to Monte Carlo! . . As for food options, they had a food court which had the standard food court joints such as Starbucks, McDonalds, Sbarro's, Subway, etc. Most of which were open 24 hours which was perfect for those late nights! Also, look for my review on one of their restaurants, Brand Steakhouse (I gave 3 stars.. Go find out why!!). They also had a froyo place, crepe place, and a candy store which was all a lot of fun. The crepe place was good but the cashier was unfriendly ;/ . . Oh and because of the weather when we stayed, it was too windy to really enjoy the pool which is something I was really looking forward too :( So I can't say much bout the pool ;/. . But overall, I was very content with the hotel (considering the price, the location, and winnings [yay!]).
This hotel was alright.  Food and beverages were way overpriced (almost $20 for quesadillas - room service with tip).  Rooms were clean.  Shower head was showing some age and it was meant for shorter people.  Beds were very comfortable.   The pool area was nice, but the music they played was a little on the loud side.   They had some nice shopping.   They didn't have much of a night life, compared to Bellagio or Caesar's...etc. The food there was pretty good (other than being expensive).  The Pub was my favorite place to hang out.  The bartender, John, made the best Bloody Mary I've ever had (does not come with chaser though).  Staff was very friendly. My only major complaints are: No wi-fi in guest rooms, you are allowed only 2 complimentary small bottles of water a day and 2 cups of Keurig coffee. . . I would stay here again.
We stayed in their VIP floor called Hotel 32!!  On this floor, there is a loft area where you can hangout, watch television and best of all...eat!!  They provide breakfast and small appetizers to all the guests in the mornings and late afternoons. . . The room was nice and clean.  Bed was ,of course, comfy.. . They had a good sized gym and it wasn't overly packed.. . Most of the restaurants downstairs were overly priced and food were just okay. . . Overall, I had a good stay and would definitely come back!!!
I havn't been to Vegas in 6 years or so. i wanted to stay on the strip during EDC. had sum friends who got suites at the Monte Carlo. read some reviews, and thought it would be fine. overall, i would rate my experience a 4. free self-parking was a plus. . also, there's a tram (for FREE) that takes you to the Bellagio!. . the pool was really cool. they have a lazy-river! i rented an inner-tube ($10 each) for a day. be careful! there were many ppl trying to steal other's inner tubes! it only cost $10 people!. . all rooms in my opinion, should have a mini-fridge and microwave. i was told it would cost $30 for a mini-fridge! because i got a "deluxe" room, and they had to downgrade me because i wanted a smoking room, i was able to get the mini-fridge comped. that was pretty cool. . . the "view" of the strip, was o-kay. got room service for breakfast one morning. that was fun. i agree with some other people, the shower head was ridiculous! seemed hard to get any water pressure out. the shower head looks fancy, but doesn't do anything.. . my only BIG complaint is that the pool closes at 7pm!!!! this is vegas. why not midnight?? . . other than that, it was a nice hotel
My initial welcome to The Monte Carlo was rather abysmal, but overall it turned out to be a rather pleasant stay, and I think the sum of it amounted to a very reasonable rate for a nice room in what is still a great spot on the Vegas strip. The weekend we happened to be visiting played host to not only the Pacquiao versus Bradley fight (and controversial upset), but also a big series between the Celtics and Heat, the third leg of the Triple Crown races, and most significant to us locally, the Electric Daisy Carnival, which boasted nearly 350,000 attendees over a 3 day span.. . Obviously, Vegas was packed, and so perhaps it wasn't the most optimal time for MGM properties (all of them, not just Monte Carlo) to decide to do a system upgrade to their computers. What wound up happening was that all of the check-in systems for all of their properties (Bellagio, Aria, Veer, Mandarin, Mirage, Luxor, Mandalay, MGM Grand, etc...) shut down completely for 2 to 3 days, causing check-in times of 1.5 to nearly 4 hours, depending on your property. The Monte Carlo folks at least made up for it as best they could, waiving all amenity fees for guests (who asked for it) and offering everyone a free night stay on a return visit (although I find it kind of shitty they wouldn't just refund one your nights already spent). Since it was a corporate level decision far above them I'm not holding them directly responsible, but I would be remiss if I didn't mention it here.. . Most important to me when booking a room in Vegas is what am I going to get for my money, factoring in how much/little time I will actually be staying in my hotel room. Considering I would normally go to sleep around 5AM and wake up around noon, shower, and head straight out to lunch, I essentially just needed somewhere to put my suitcase with a (hopefully) comfortable bed and a good central location to all the places I wanted to visit in Vegas. We got all of that at The Monte Carlo, with two queen beds in a strip view deluxe room for about $200 a night, which wasn't too bad a rate considering how booked of a weekend it was. (For comparison I just checked a random weekend in July and got about $125 a night for the same room.). . The Monte Carlo rooms may be a bit outdated, for sure, but ask yourself how important the wallpaper and minibar actually is. They've got a nice 40 inch HDTV, but I never even turned it on. What are you paying for? Convenience, that's it, if your trips to Vegas are anything like mine. They've still got a great pool scene, a casino that seemed relatively busy (although I don't gamble, so no clue as to the quality), and some pretty good dining options with Brand and Andre's. The feature show also happens to be The JabbaWockeeZ, one of the best dance groups to hit the US in the last decade. Overall I think they definitely justify the rates they're asking, with my only real drawback being that it's not quite as central as say Aria or Bellagio, but it's also a fraction of the price.
Love this casino/hotel. Nice and simple. good amenities and location. Hooked to ARIA.
For what we paid, $270 before the $20 per night hotel fee, this was a pretty good hotel. Plus, it was a good location on the strip.. . We got the deluxe room, the least expensive one and it was big enough (400 sq feet).  The restaurants (Diablo's Cantina, the Cafe) and other things (Ice Bar) the hotel had to offer was pretty pricey, but hey, what isn't pricey in Las Vegas? I wouldn't recommend Diablo's Cantina because it was probably the most expensive tacos and burritos we've ever had, which tasted pretty regular. As for the Ice Bar, I would recommend it as a once in a lifetime thing. I believe it was $16 to enter and you get one free shot.. . As for the service in the casino, I would only sit down and play a slot machine for 5-10 minutes (I did this about 3 times, one a day) and a cocktail waitress had already come by and offered a me drink. That's pretty fast.. . I didn't go swimming, but I did get to take a look at the pool(s). They had a lazy river! I wish the pools in Vegas weren't so crowded so that I'd feel comfortable enough to go in. What was cool was that there were employees at the gate entrance of the pools checking for room keys. It's always better when outside customers aren't allowed in the hotel's pool.. . Complaints. One of the towels had a black ink smear on it. I guess house cleaning forgot about that towel. Also, they only have wired internet, not wifi. Good thing we didn't just have my ipad and had a laptop as well.. . I would stay here again but not before I searched up other hotels first (just because they missed that one towel and because there's no wifi).
been here a few times and its safe to say this is a great casino.waiters are fast beer flows like wine rooms are nice.not the best rooms but how long are you acually in there anyway.i will be there soon and im sure ill have a great time.
Monte Carlo use to be my favorite until the next door neighbor Aria came along. Just kidding, :). I paid $277 for 2 nights for High Floor (29th Floor) facing the pool. Service is not bad and my room is bed-bug free! Yay right. I like the marble flooring and the HDTV this room provided. Room, is your typical. I don't think i need to review the room that much.. . Monte Carlo is on a pretty good location on the strip (like another post said). It is accessible to Aria + Crystals + Bellagio (Aria Express Monorail) and the Strip is just right outside.  . . THE GOOD:. The elevators on the Monte Carlo have a very interesting tune. Highly recommend paying attention to the music. Haha. . . Great Service - Monte Carlo is a classic, staff there are knowledgeable. . . $50 Credit at their food places - Including their Big Belly Buffet. Great for two people. :] . . I believe WiFi is accessible from floor 1-9 and the rest don't get WiFi. Not too sure.. . . . THE BAD:. . RESORT - sucks, its only a pool filled with people hogging it. $20 a night for the RESORT Fee. Workout room is crowded too. . . CHECKING IN - Sucks.Its really long. But I shouldn't complain because all the other hotels is just the same. But still. . . The price might be higher because JABBAWOCKEEZ is here. :]
Really good hotel for the price.  Very luxury looking for a cheap hotel price, which i was suprised how cheap it was to stay there.. . PRO's-Hotel lobby was absolutly beautiful, chandelers everywhere, checkin fast, free upgrade to strip view but the hotel doesnt have areal good view of the strip anyway =( hallways were very pretty decorated with motown artists, room was very big, comfy beds, old tv though, but bathroom was super nice. toiletries were from their spa which was a plus, double sinks, big closet, and bathtub.  Casino was very nice and super clean, employees nice, awesome food court, and affortable resturants which is rare for a property like this.  good location, good crowd.. . CON's-parking is terrible, the garage is kind of a far walk, there is a side parking lot that is full most of the time, pool was nice but couldnt use it because no available seats. buffett was kinda of small for the price.
Attentive staff. Room service was excellent but pricy. Lots to do to stay busy within the casino, which is now attached to the Aria Resort as well. Awesome pools!
The Monte Carlo is the practical strip-goer's casino. It is probably the best balance of price and comfort available on the strip. It also offers an extremely high convenience factor when compared to other strip casinos. I'll explain.. . 1. There's a CVS right next door. In a town like Vegas, spontaneous supplies such as sunscreen, sunglasses, water, and Plan B may become crucial to a successful trip. When you stay at the Monte Carlo, your 24 hour CVS is just a quick walk away.. . 2. There's a tram to Aria and Bellagio. If walking is starting to get to you, this tram is your answer. It comes often and quickly whisks you a few hotels north so you can save your walking energy for later. This is especially useful if you need to get to the Bellagio quickly to give someone Plan B or money you owe them.. . 3. You aren't going to be killed by mobs when you walk around. The Monte Carlo is one of the smaller casino resorts and, as a result, doesn't draw a million people who just sit around and gawk at the craziness of the building. If you end up here with a woman screaming at you about some unplanned pregnancy, you're not going to draw nearly the number of stares that you would at the Venetian. . . 4. The walk from your room to the outside world is very fast. This can be compared to the MGM Grand, where the walk from your room to the strip will take 2 days each way, which is hardwhen you're dragging someone somewhere while they are trying to make a scene.. . Oh yeah, internet access is included with your room...but you have to use an ethernet cable because the year is 2003.
Very nice.  It is moderately priced, pretty well maintained, and conveniently located on the strip.  It is part of the tram line that runs from MC to City Center to Bellagio.  It's usually not too crowded as a lot of people don't know about it.  . . As for the crowds, it's not too bad. Since it is a smaller property compared to others it is easy to get around and there aren't tons of people meandering through looking at stuff.  . . Our room was clean, comfortable, and spacious. We had a nice view of the pool and city center buildings.  For the price, we would return.
We were celebrating two birthdays and had a group of 35.  Most were staying at Monte Carlo and a few of us very lucky folks stayed at the amazing Hotel 32.  I've already reviewed Hotel 32 so I won't include any details here.  I really enjoy the smaller size of the casino and was very, very impressed by the lack of smoke on the casino floor.  We rented the executive (party) cabana on a Saturday and Sunday and WOW this is definitely THE way to go with a group our size.  There is a wading pool that's kind of like a moat that surrounds the cabana and I believe is 15-18 inches deep.  Being able to sit in the wading pool with the temps well north of 100 both days was oh so perfect!  We also enjoyed the exclusivity of this cabana as the other smaller cabanas really don't provide that exclusive feel since they are set up in the main people traffic areas of the pool/lazy river.  The cabana service was definitely first-rate.  We can't wait to return!!!
I have to say, I really liked this place. It's a convenient location on the strip. It's not too bad on the price front. It's connected to the tram system. The room was a good a decent size; there were four of us in a 2 queen bed room. It didn't have an amazing view, but it was decent. The food court was standard; I appreciate that they had Subway as a choice rather than just things like McDonalds. There were other places to eat in the hotel, but I didn't get to try those out. . . There are a few bars as well, not a surprise there, but I did have my own personal favorite one, the Ignite Lounge. It was favorite because there were awesome bartenders that got to know me and always had awesome drinks. I would just say, "Make me something strong and fruity," my standard order, and they would come back with something new and yummy. And they got to know me and my friend and would look out for us.  . . Also, I have to say, I enjoyed their pool scene as well. It's not a pool party that one can get at places like Wet, EBC or Rehab. But it's not bad; it's chill and there's still a good mix of people there.
After staying at many other hotels in Las Vegas, we keep coming back to the Monte Carlo. It has a great location on the strip, with several convenience stores and restaurants nearby. The overall design of the place makes it easy to get around, including a self parking lot near the entrance. The pool is nice, with some options for shady areas. The casino is just the right size, and has a very fun atmosphere without being overwhelmingly crowded. Diablos is a great bar where you can people watch all day, and the Pub is another great in-hotel option near the pool. The rooms are dated (which is why I wouldn't give it 5 stars) but decent for the price.  Overall, a nice well designed place,  with a great atmosphere.
1. Not a luxury room but clean room and great price.. 2. Easy to park if you have a car.. 3. Wal greens, CVS and ABC store and more stores around hotel.. 4. Quiet lobby.. 5. Taxi line is short or no line.. 6. Free tram to Bellagio. 7. Food court. . If you wanna stay at a luxury hotel, plz forget about this hotel.. It's not a luxury but it's a nicer than Flamingo hotel...
Came here for Labor Day weekend. As others noted check in took a while, but seemed to have more to do with the chumps in front of us with endless questions and no clue how key cards worked.. Room: not luxurious, but clean and spacious. Stayed on the 14th floor. Awesome view of the pool and the mountains in the distance. King sized bed was verrrrrry comfortable. The bathroom was nothing spectacular and yes, the shower pressure is sorta too strong. . Noise: Yes, I could hear people next door and out in the hallway. Additionally there seems to be a pool party on Saturdays starting at noon, complete with very very loud music, jubilant hostess and a hot dog contest! However, this wasn't a deal breaker. I still got a good night sleep without earplugs.. A/C worked great. Easy control panel to adjust temperature.. Pool:Beautiful, get there early to get a spot in a corner away from the action if you want peace and quiet.. Buffet: So-so quality, but filling and we got a discount so no complaints.. Concierge services: very friendly & helpful.. Taxi stand: never a wait.. Cafe restaurant: great breakfast, highly recommend it.. Location: awesome location close to everything.. Scene: very middle of the road, everyone was here from college kids looking to party to families looking to relax and retirees looking to supplement the SSA income. If you want trendy this isn't your place. If you want a tomb to disappear into, nope.
Location, Location, Location! It's right next to city center and close to Planet Hollywood, MGM, etc.. . I was very surprised by Monte Carlo. I was expecting a budget style hotel (for Vegas anyways) and we got anything but that. The rooms were better than I had expected and have flat screen TVs and a nice ipod hook up for music. The pool was great, we loved the lazy river and the big hot tub. If you're going to be sleeping late keep in mind that the walls are fairly thin and there's also a huge pool party blasting music we could hear from the 22nd floor. I like the casino here too, it's not too crowded and I had fun at the craps table, great dealers for the most part. I would stay at this hotel again in a second!
We like the Monte Carlo, it is really reasonably priced, and the location is great. We will be returning there in a month. . . This is our tenth trip to Vegas in the last decade, it's my favorite place in the world. Our requirements are modest, a decent room, and good location and a good pool, . . We have stayed at eight different casinos on the strip and when I calculate price, location and amenities the Monte Carlo is the clear winner. We always dine all over the strip, the Rio and downtown. We also get two or three shows in, and there is a half price ticket location just across the street.. . Round trip air fare from Phil.and 5 nights at the Monte Carlo this year was only $540 per person.  Great deal.
I have stayed here a few times over the years and I will say it never lets me down. The price is right for the clean modern rooms, proximity to the action, and the pools. Although I have yet to try, they look fun.
Great hotel, great price, perfect location!!! We will visit here again very soon!!
Stopped by here to hang out with our buddies before hitting the clubs during Labor Day weekend.  What I really liked about this place was that the gaming area was really big, lots of games, modern layout, plus lobby areas were all modern too.  WhatI didn't like was the room, they looked a little old, you can definitely tell they spent a fortune renovating everything except the rooms.  Plus, the place was dead, no one was partying there.  In comparison to were we stayed, at Hard Rock, the lobby was old, but the rooms were nice and modern, plus the place was busy with peeps during the day due to the pool scene.
Monte Carlo for my first time ever was good. I'd say I like staying here more than staying at stratosphere since it's right in the middle of the strip. There's also a tram that can take you to crystals and what not. . . There are so many pools! I wish I had more time to go down and get myself in one of them pool. They also have a volleyball area where you play literally in sand. And from my view it looked as though its white sand? Very clean and presentable set up by the way. . . Service here was great besides the whole taxi incident when the worker spoke in a very unpleasant tone to us about going to the other side for a taxi. I'll definitely come back if I do ever go back to vegas.
I enjoyed staying at the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino. I enjoyed the fact that they had a food court with a bunch of my favorite foods. I loved the convenience of it, the person who built the hotel was smart they put the food court right next too the elevators and they knew that the people that would be eating there the most would be the guests of the hotel.  . . The size of the hotel was perfect! It wasn't too small and it wasn't so huge that you could lost in it. My favorite part of the hotel was the pool area. Monte Carlo has a wave pool and a lazy river, perfect for their hot weather. I just didn't like the fact that it was ten dollars to rent an inter tube per day.. . Monte Carlo would have gotten 5 stars their service, food, and cleanliness was great but I didn't like the twenty dollar per day resort fee they had. I know they need to make money and all but just charge that amount when you first book the hotel don't do it after your guest has already stayed. I would definately stay here again but hopefully next time there is no resort fee.
I thought that the Monte Carlo was fine.  The employees were are really nice to us at all times and I thought that the hotel was relatively clean.  The only downside is that the pool is in the shade most of the day, but they have absolutely no control over that considering there are buildings blocking the sun all around them.  They also have a beach volleyball court which is pretty cool.  I would definitely recommend staying at the Monte Carlo.
My friend and I stayed at Monte Carlo on what was my first time to Vegas and I couldn't have been happier with our choice. For the money, this hotel and casino was the nicest, cleanest and classiest of all the hotels in the same price range.
This hotel is a nice little gem in the crown of the city center/aria/ bellagio strip area. The room was fairly clean and served as a good place to relax after the strip. The staff onsite were nice and professional. The housekeeping was just so/so. They ran out of towels one day and made us keep our towels that were dirty. That was disappointing for a hotel this size. The food was decent on the property but I bit pricey for Denny's quality buffet and cafe. The food court was good for quick eats but it was not gourmet just food. I really enjoyed the bell staff, virtual black jack, the sports book, the tram to the bellagio and the nice casino drink servers. I would come back if the price was right.
I came to the Monte Carlo for a business trip and was immediately struck by how good it - wait for it - smells - inside! I'm not kidding - really, they must put something in the air vents to make it smell nice and fragrant no matter where you are. . . My company takes good care of us when we're out so I had one of the business suites to myself, up on the 18th floor with a great location by the elevators and a really nice view outside. The room was always clean and comfortable, and I had fun ordering room service a couple of times - which wasn't any more highly priced than other four-star hotels. . . I like the setup of the Monte Carlo with the casino nested between a food court and with several restaurants lining it. It felt very Vegas-y to me, for lack of a better way to put it, like something you'd expect Vegas to be. I was there for business so I didn't get out to really explore the casino and bars, but I liked the atmosphere a lot. . . My only complaint is that I'm currently dealing with a misplaced charge on my credit card courtesy of the hotel itself - several hundred dollars that shouldn't be there - and I had a rather rude girl from the MGM accounts receivable department smart off to me over the phone. That isn't something I appreciate, but I've got both my company and my credit card company involved, so that will be sorted. Nothing against the Monte Carlo itself, though - the staff were friendly, attentive, and charming.. . I wouldn't mind staying here again. Good Vegas experience.. . Also, there's free Wi-Fi - rather, it's included in the resort fee, and it's super fast. Definitely a plus!
We just spent Five nights at the MC and i think the place was great. The resort is located central to the sites and attractions, and the room and bedding were nicer than i had expected.  We hit most of the casinos and i seemed to win more at the Monte Carlo.  We visited the other Resorts, and would stay here again or maybe the MGM.        Good Luck!!   Ken C.
I originally stayed here because it was cheap and because it was for a wedding. I enjoyed it, even though I lost my credit card and fell asleep in the hallway trying to cancel my credit card at 6 a.m. because i didnt want to wake my buddy up who I was rooming with. The staff was cool with my drunken self when they woke me up in the hallway. But I stayed here last week for New Years Eve. I enjoyed my stay here!. Pros:. Cheap. good selection of table games. nice room. walgreens and cvs right next door. easy accessible semi-center strip. working safe in room. friendly staff. late night food court. cause when you aredrunk at 4 a.m. pizza and mcdonalds is a great idea!. Two starbucks which is nice (but can one of these hotels get a damn dunkin donuts****). . cons:. food is awful. buffet is really really bad. $30 and you get what chef boyardee would consider a bad meal.. Can't move shower head, really annoying!. Both times I stayed here did not go into the pool, last week cause it was too cold!. I enjoy this hotel because it's cheap. and honestly I was not in my room a lot except for the last night cause I started to not feel good.. But I would go back here again!
Stayed here a year ago with my pal and we had a good time. I'm a simple girl, as long as I have a room, hot water, and a TV, then I'm all set. Hospitality is big in Las Vegas and that was proved when we got there. . . We had a snafu when we checked in because my friend got a great deal on Expedia for free buffet during our stay (score!), the check in said it wasn't valid. Huh? So my friend sends a tweet out and faster you can say "Las Vegas Strip." we were upgraded to a better room, our tickets were valid, and the resort fee was waived for half our stay. Sweet.. . I wish I could tell you more about the hotel, but since I spent all the trip either stuffing my face, complaining about the bright lights on the street (albeit drunk), dodging bullets off Freemont Street, this is a pretty cool place to stay.
Looking forward to staying here for another business trip in a few months. Clean, comfortable room, everything worked, staff seemed to care about the guests. Never had anything bad at the many restaurants/bars. The location is convenient with the tram and short walk to shops and stores.. . Casino not nearly as crowded and noisy as others in town. I don't care if it lacks the luxury of some other hotels, for the price it's a great deal.
I like the Monte Carlo. It's usually cheaper than the surrounding hotels and the staffhave always been super friendly.. . Now, it's not the Bellagio- but it's definitely not the Circus Circus. You can get a good Vegas experience in the heart of the strip without breaking the bank. I also like that it's walking distance from the other hotels, so hopping from place to place isn't an issue.. . The rooms are clean, but again, no-frills. For us, we don't spend too much time in the room, we usually wander around, shop, gamble and eat. We're not the club type, so having one in the hotel is definitely not a priority.. . The casino has the usual slots and tables- but it's not my favorite place to gamble. I prefer heading to the old Vegas where minimums are between $2 and $5. If you go during the week here, they have them, but you're usually playing by yourself. I prefer playing with a crowded table- I think it makes it more exciting (for Blackjack at least...). . Valet is sometimes a little bit of a pain- especially around check-out time for hotel guests. We've waited 45-minutes for our car. After being hungover and tired, that is the last thing you want to do. Yes, it's free. But it's much quicker to just park in the structure and do a quick little hike to get out faster.. . Now, I haven't tried the restaurants on property- however, it looks like they aren't favored by a lot of Yelpers. I usually stick to the binging of buffets to fulfill my hunger.. . Tip: Check the website and Vegas.com frequently as rates can change drastically from one day to the next.
I did not stay here, but I ended up playing Blackjack in the Monte Carlo casino 2 nights in a row and had an awesome time!  Monte Carlo has the best dealers. They are very personable and entertaining! We ended up playing here for hours. I am hoping to come back to Vegas soon. Monte Carlo is at the top of my list for places to stay!
I had not stayed here for a while. I was able to get a good rate on Hotels.com so I tried it again.  Aside from the resort fee, I have to say, not too bad. I stayed in a suite with a king bed and 1 1/2 baths.  Large and spacious. 11th floor.  Nice view of Aria.  And with my stay I received two buffet passes.  Pretty darn good and that countered the cost of the resort fee.. One thing I didn't like, though was this couch in the middle of the floor between the bed and the television/dresser. Became annoying after a while. It was just in the way.  Bathrooms were nice.  Shower, though, needs a new shower head.  And as with most Strip hotels, there is wear and tear.  This shower needed some grout.  Plus, a sink was slow to drain and when I took out the stopper, it had hair plugging it.  Yuck.. . Check in was easy.  Even though there are a lot of people in line to check in at any time of the day, it went pretty quickly.  Monte Carlo has some good restaurants and the floor layout is easy.  But there are a lot more choices for food next door at NYNY. Valet service was excellent and very convenient.. . Overall, nice stay.  Monte Carlo isn't so large that everything takes forever to get to, like the MGM.  Yet, it isn't so small that it feels crowded.  I could see myself staying here again.
just spent four nights here,,,,,,,,very nice service,,,,nice room,,,,good food,,,,,,reasonable rates,,,,,,close to lots of attractions,,,,,,,a  ++++++. . only trouble was ethernet for the web,,,,,,,but they said that on the web site,,,,,,might be a good idea to have the connectors to plug in to the usb port on all laptops,,,,,,,should be able to have those for sale on site,,,,,
For the price, this place is great. Party of 3, spending about $40 a night per person for a great hotel, great location, perhaps one of the best locations on the strip! Buffet is not that good but you can get a good deal if you go to a discount booth where they sell discount show tickets. We got in for brunch for 12-13$ and the food was mediocre but fairly good value for the cost. Lost of variety.. . McD, Rubios, etc in the downstairs lobby for cheap food if you like. Also Monte is one of few places with $5 blackjack tables so if you want to do that this is the place!. . A complaint though is shitty wifi and shower head was not the best but still overall pretty great.
The Monte Carlo is very 'generic' as far as hotels go on the Las Vegas Strip. This definitely does not make the hotel bad, but you can find a much more vibrant and exciting atmosphere at any of the other casino's around it. The place is huge, and the rooms are fairly large and clean, and the views are awesome. If you're looking for something nice and a little more pedestrian, then the Monte Carlo would suit you just fine. One big plus is it's location near Aria, the MGM Grand, New York New York, and the Bellagio.
Great place at great prices!
This was the first time staying in this hotel and we really liked it. Mind you, we did manage to get a Diamond Suite on the 20th floor for a pretty good price so that could be swaying the number of stars! . . The suites are located near the elevators so no long walk down the hallway to get to your room. It was a nice size unit with a separate bedroom. The bathroom had the biggest jetted tub I have ever seen in a hotel! This room had wi-fi so that was good as well. Higher-end finishings but were a little old and could use an update.
We had a great stay here, a few issues when we it initially booked into our room...tv wasn't working, no room service menu etc, but they were quick to fix them and upgraded us to a deluxe room for the remainder of our stay. Beds were comfy, room servicing was lovely, casino staff really friendly. The spa and gym are beautiful. It's a great hotel if your looking for something central and affordable, I would definitely  stay here again.
Had a family reunion + we all stayed at Monte Carlo. Everyone was pleased. Nice place, quality rooms, excellent restaurants in the hotel. Fitness Center is really good, too. We will stay there again.
I have stayed at this hotel twice and was satisfied for the most part. One thing that really ticked me off the first time was the daily resort fee. I am pretty sure other hotels have this as well but it really stinks because I booked through www.Priceline.com and there was no mention of the fee. . Anyway, I had no complaints about the room - view was decent (depends which side you get) and they do have a nice pool. Actually, two pools and also a wave pool, which was pretty fun. The hotel also has a food court which is nice to be able to grab breakfast & Starbucks in the morning. The Monte Carlo casino is also a good one - plenty of tables & slot machines. Also, the hotel is located in a convenient location on the Strip. Overall, I would recommend the hotel. Not sure if I would stay there again only because I want to see what the other hotels have to offer.
I was in Vegas for work and extend my stay for a personal vacation. I was staying at Aria for the event, but moved to the Monte Carlo because it was much cheaper. Though not as modern as some Vegas hotels, this hotel was very nice for the price and location. Tip - book through the website. It was cheaper for me than calling them - don't know why. If I go back I would stay at this hotel again.
Just came back from an amazing stay at Monte Carlo! Rooms were average but the customer service was beyond excellent. Everyone from the front desk, to the housekeepers, to the bell stand, to the pool staff were beyond friendly and helpful. They were always smiling and pleasant!  Definitely want to make mention of Vicky and Danielle at The Spa. We made use of The Spa facilities, extra fee but worth every penny.  Vegas "noise" can start to wear on you, but a visit to The Spa to relax and unwind hits the spot.  Also, huge thanks to the reservations desk! Our red eye was cancelled as we were checking our baggage. The Monte Carlo took us back and upgraded our room as they said, "you had a long day." Monte Carlo is all about their customer service and I will continue to tell people about our experience! Hope to return soon!
Had a wonderful experience at Monte Carlo this past weekend. Staff is friendly and always polite when we had questions or requests. The rooms were nice and had exactly what you needed. Stayed in a strip view. The bed was actually comfortable. Room had a vanity/desk, Keurig coffee maker, side table with a couple of chairs,  flat screen, two night stands, closet, and full length mirror. Bathroom had a tub/shower combo, 1 sink, toilet, large mirror, and vanity mirror. The resort fee is actually worth it because you get free wifi (it does work despite other reviews), two bottles of water daily, two pods for the Keurig machine daily, and newspaper. I think you get some other amenities too that I can't immediately think of. Almost all hotels charge a resort fee, but don't give you anything. Hotel is very easy to navigate. The shops, elevators, casino, food court, and taxi stand all meet in the main lobby so you won't get lost. The pools are awesome. Really enjoyed the heated lazy river and wave pool. Also took advantage of the Minus 5 Lounge. They do charge to get in, but it was a cool experience, just wish they let us bring our phones in. Great location on the strip plus there is a walkway from hotel to Aria and a free tram that goes to Crystals Shopping Area and Bellagio. I admit the reviews on Yelp almost scared me from not staying here, but I'm glad I gave it a chance. I think a lot has changed since some reviews were written. This is a decent hotel for the price and I would definitely stay again. I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and tend to lean toward the fancy ones like Caesars, Wynn/Encore, and Palazzo. Yes these hotels have nicer more modernized rooms, but my overall experience at Monte Carlo was better than at those hotels which really surprised me. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
Good staff with great response time. Very courteous and helpful
I really like the Monte Carlo.  It's a great mid range hotel that offers a good hotel room and cool pool area for a decent price.  It's no five star hotel by any means but it's definitely well maintained, clean and offers all all the amenities that you need.  . . The hotel room and casino floor is pretty standard.  Has everything you need but nothing fancy.  It's also centrally located to all the other major hotels so it's walking distance if you don't want to deal with driving or cabbing it.  . . My favorite part of this hotel is the pool area. It has several pools and a lazy river that you can lounge around all day.  However, in full disclosure, the clientele tends to be a little on the trashier side so expect plenty of drinking, swearing and cursing.  But other than that, if you're not looking to spend a pretty penny on a Vegas hotel, then the Monte Carlo is definitely worth the say (for the price).
This hotel was better than what i expected. I stayed here during good friday weekend with a couple of friends (yeah I know we are sinners) and it couldn't have been better. We arrived at the hotel at 6AM despite knowing check-in was at 3PM. We were so tired from our trip so we asked the lady in the front desk how much would it be to check-in early she said the hotel does not charge a fee for early check-in (According to the receptionist the website only says 30 dollar fee just as a window so people wont ask for early check-ins). She was so generous and let us check-in to both rooms we had reserved. Over all i love Monte Carlo because of its location, everything is so close and the service is awesome. The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because the hotel only has wifi in the lobby and in the pool side but unfortunately the rooms have no wifi which sucks. :(
Honestly, for the price and the location, Monte Carlo is worth a stay. I'd do it again. . . Pros:. - Location: can walk along strip; about a 10 minute walk to Caesar's Palace/Harrah's and Casino Royale; the hotel/casino is connected to Aria, which is gorgeous. - Transportation: there's a free tram to Aria and Bellagio. - Food court: has Starbucks (!!) and cheap options like Subway, Sbarro's, McDonald's, etc. - Internet (ethernet cord), k-cups, and waters included in hotel fee (also gym and pool). - Can control the in-room climate. - Fun pool scene, chairs are always available (even in pairs). - Had standard room amenities like blow dryer, iron, shampoos/soaps/lotions. - Mostly clean (we passed by rooms being cleaned for turnover and housekeepers had furniture moved around so they could clean and vacuum every nook and cranny). - Modern gym with all the fixins -- plus, you get to walk through the spa, which helps gets you into relaxation mode. - Shopping mall with cupcake store, froyo buffet, inexpensive women's clothing. - In-house restaurants were just OK, but D'vino was particularly good -- they have bar food specials, $6 apps with a drink, and the plates were huge and delicious. - CVS is a 2-minute walk, right beside the casino entrance -- SO useful. . . Cons:. - Awful casino... high limits, no cocktail waitresses to be seen ANYwhere, many games have moved over to electronic. Just not a fun atmosphere.Go gamble somewhere else, like MGM or Casino Royale. . - $20+/night resort fee is pretty high... although, most hotels on the strip charge a fee, and at least this one included some useful stuff. - No nice clubs in-house... although it was easy enough to walk to Hakkasan in MGM or Aria's Haze (in heels!). - Found multiple holes in our room's walls and sheets... when we complained, they changed our sheets, but we found burn-holes in the new ones. Yeesh. Front desk was nice about it though and gave us a $50 voucher for in-house food credits. - They really, really need to upgrade to WiFi internet . - There was construction outside the front facade our whole stay, which was pretty gross-looking and noisy but hey, I understand if they gotta renovate. . . All in all, a worthwhile visit, although the hotel isn't super luxurious, and could honestly use some renovation inside. But I would be into staying at the Monte Carlo again, given all the pros.
In all, I had a good stay at the Monte Carlo.  Compared to other hotels on the Las Vegas Strip, the Monte Carlo has central access to elevators and attractions.  The rooms were well kept and clean.  They didn't have free Wi-Fi access but you could plug into an Ethernet cable if you need to access the Internet in your room.  The price for the room was reasonable as well.  However, a hotel room is really only for sleeping in Las Vegas.. . They have a casino, of course, along with various restaurants, a small shopping corridor and the Blue Man Group.  If you have a chance to see the Blue Man Group, do it, because it's a fun and interactive show.  The Monte Carlo should be lucky that they are able to have this show at their casino.. . I'd certainly consider staying here again while in Las Vegas.
The Monte Carlo is my favorite hotel on the Strip. We had the pleasure of staying here and loved every second of it. Check-in was a breeze and the room was spotless and laid out well. . . As for the casino itself. There is a lot of floor space and they seem to have the latest and greatest games. I'm not a big gambler, but it is definitely more modern that a handful we walked through. . . One of the big pluses for me is the food court. They have a very large selection of choices including McD's, Subway. Starbucks, etc... There's nothing better than grabbing a Big Mac at 4:00am after a night of drinking. . . Overall, highly recommended!
I liked Monte Carlo and would stay there again. I've only been to Vegas one other time two years ago and stayed at the Orleans (not my decision). We arrived at the Monte Carlo around 10 am on Sunday and were able to get checked in right away. Nice! So my friend and I ventured through the hotel to get a feel and grabbed a bite in the food court. Then it was off to the pool!. The pool was awesome. There is a DJ there on Saturdays and Sundays. I wish it was all week long because the pool wasnt the same on Monday as on Sunday. Don't get me wrong, I love kids, I have 6 year old twins myself but Vegas is NOT the place for them. I noticed a lot of kids at the Monte Carlo pool. The lazy river is not the place to teach your kids how to swim. Whats nice is you can walk around the lazy river or stand at the side and drink. Not everyone is in a tube. Drinks are expensive. But its Vegas. . . The room was clean. Nice. There was some wallpaper peeling in the bathroom. But I'd give the room 4 stars. . . Resturants, The food court was expensive but again, its vegas. The restaurants in the hotel were good. We ate at the Cafe once for dinner and once for breakfast. Decent prices good food. Cannot rate the buffet. Heard it wasnt great so we didnt bother. The Pub in the Monte Carlo is a whole other review UGH! . . The tram to Crystals and Bellagio was nice but really people? You walk further to get to the tram and to get from the tram out of Bellagio then if you were to walk down the strip. . . I would stay here again for sure.
I loved staying here on my first trip to Vegas. The location really can't be beat. It is smack in the middle of the whole hotel scene. The walk to Bellagio is very easy, and they also have access to the air tram. . . The rooms were very nice, and I never had any problems with room service or cleanliness. I loved that there was a food court. Made it very easy when we wanted a quick bite before going out for the day, but didn't want to spend a lot of money or time. . . Check in and out went quickly. The only thing that would have been nice was more night life in the hotel. Thankfully, it is attached to The Aria, which had some nice bars with amazing margaritas and mojitos. . . For the price and location, I would definitely stay at the Monte Carlo again.
I stayed at the Monte Carlo during EDC weekend 2013 for 5 nights. I've come to Vegas many times and have always encountered a problem at some point during my stay. The Monte Carlo did NOT follow the trend. We arrived at the resort around 9:30am, however check-in isn't til' 3pm. Not a problem, the front desk employee not only allowed us to check-in early but she gave a us a good room overlooking the pool. The lazy river and the wave pool were really enjoyable especially with a DJ spinnin' house music as you swim and drink. The casino, pool, front lobby, parking lot and dinning areas are all relatively close to each other which is great if you dont like having to walk a mile to get from one place to another. 4 stars instead of 5 because our bathtub and sink kept clogging even after we asked someone to service it. The innertubes should be free if you're a guest at the hotel. $5 a tube isn't really worth it. Beds were comfortable and the rooms were tidy. Everything was clean for the most part. EDC is a busy time but Monte Carlo made it comfortable and relaxing.
Stayed here for a couple of nights with a group.  The rooms are nice and up to date.  The hotel was very clean and felt very safe here as well. Unlike many of the hotels on the strip I also thought it was very easy to get around the hotel and casino without feeling like you had to walk through a maze and put a couple of miles on the pedometer.  . The staff was all very friendly, both in the hotel and the casino.  The casino seemed to have plenty have room for additional players and lots of slot machines to choose from as well.  . The restaurants, well, lets just say I went to the buffet and you can read my review there.  they do have a food court on the main floor which is very convenient, and less expensive.  . There was plenty of parking in the parking garage as well.
Hotel 32 a boutique hotel on 32nd floor is so kouch hetter then the rest of the resort..but the resort in general is fine. The service is spectactular, The restaurants offer an exceptional assortment to choose from, the dealers are nice, and the lounges were a blast. . . Conveniently located adjacent to City center as well
This is just for the pool.  First if you haveever been to the Mandalay pool this one is similar.  The lazy river is suppose to be bigger but it looked to be about the same. You can bring in your own tube or they will rent them to you for a fee.   They also have a wave pool which my daughter is able to get in.  At the Mandalay she is not tall enough.  The best thing about this pool is that they have a nice shade area.  Some of the others pools on the strip have shade you can but at a high price or really just non to speak of.  We will be back.
Just got back from spending a long weekend here with my husband for a belated celebration of our anniversary!. . Pros:. - FAST CHECK-IN: this could not have been easier, very straightforward. - GOOD MAID SERVICE: Housekeeping started coming around early on our floor (like 8:00AM) and the maids were very nice about giving us extra shampoo every day. - CONCIERGE DESK: we were able to pick up our tickets for shows at other MGM hotels at the Monte Carlo, which was super convenient!. - TRAM TO CRYSTALS AND BELLAGIO: in 100+ degree heat, the air-conditioned tram service to the city center and Bellagio hotel was a godsend.  . - EXPRESS CHECKOUT: there are a number of ways to easily check out of the hotel (checkout is at 11:00AM) and the hotel really wants to streamline checkout so that there aren't a ton of people clogging up the lobby like it is at other hotels. - FOOD COURT: because not every meal in Vegas has to take place in a buffet or a pricey restaurant.  There's Starbucks, McDonalds, Subway, Sbarro pizza, Nathan's hot dogs, Mexican, etc here and is great if you're traveling with kids.  . . Cons:. - WHERE'S THE GUIDEBOOK?: usually when I stay at a hotel, there's some sort of binder or guidebook that they leave for their guests that gives info about room service, Vegas shows, restaurants in the hotel, etc... for some reason there wasn't one in our room, so my husband and I were forced to keep the Monte Carlo channel on TV on endless loop to find out info about the hotel and things to do.  . - TOO MANY CHAIRS AT THE POOL: I don't know why they do this, but they've packed the pool area with so many lounge chairs that it is literally like sardines in a can.  It's uncomfortable and makes it very awkward to get back and forth from your chair.  . - LAZY RIVER TOO PACKED: maybe the concept of a lazy river has evolved since the last time I was in one, but getting into the Monte Carlo lazy river is like pulling into rush hour traffic on the 5.  Like the chair situation, it's congested and uncomfortable.  . . Other useful things to know:. - There's a little shopping section next to the food court that has a big candy store, women's clothing, bath accessories, cupcakes, frozen-yogurt, and crepes... Monte Carlo is trying really hard to cater to people who don't necessarily want to spend all their time gambling and clubbing and/or people with kids. - Guests were bringing large coolers packed with bottles of spring water (and other beverages) because it's $5.50 per bottle of water at the hotel. - You can't bring outside food or drink into the pool area and your bag WILL get checked for it. - Inner tubes can be rented from the pool area for the lazy river, and after 2PM they're only $5 each. - If you forget sunscreen or other toiletries, don't purchase from the Monte Carlo convenience store, the prices are outrageous!  Instead, walk across the street to ABC Store or Walgreens, or try the 24-hour CVS just 1 block down the strip.
For the price it is an excellent hotel.. . When it comes down to it, in Vegas the restaurants, casinos, etc are not particularly important in the hotel you are staying at because you can walk for 5 minutes to go next door.  In those terms this hotel is one the best hotels in Vegas because it is cheapish while being perfectly located to quickly get you to the Bellagio, Aria and other much more expensive hotels with better food and casino options. BUT this place also comes with an above average pool that other similarly priced hotels lack. . . It also has a food court with very cheap food options that a lot of other hotels lack.  I will walk a mile to eat at a nice restaurant but it is pretty hard to walk that far for a McDonalds... having the option for some cheap eats helps your wallet while also allowing you not have to spend 1hr+ at every meal.. . We would stay here again but next time will probably spring for a hotel a level up (and no kids).
We booked this through Hotels.com and received two buffet complimentary tickets (used a the Mirage Buffet.. separate review)... With resort fee it came to $80-ish minus the $54 buffet credits... it worked out to be $30-ish.. (we stay for two days and the buffet tickets were per stay, so my bill equated to $50-ish) still not bad for a Hotel right on the Strip. Compared Mandalay Bay ($180ish a night) it's not going to win but this hotel does have a lazy pool and wave pool for the kids as well.  The rooms were nice and the AC was quiet, beds were comfy.  The only thing I don't understand about this hotel is the Maid service.. upon entering the room, in the bath room, there were hair (of all types on the bathroom floors, I thought OK, so the maid didn't swipe the floors well enough.  Anywho next day, after the housekeeping, I notice more hair (different types).. I suspect our maid didn't rinse the mop well enough to clear.  Otherwise I would have rated this hotel higher.... . BTW.. no WiFi avail
Ya here for a beer pong tournament. The REAL beer pong that plays with a paddle.. Lots of fun but no night life going on here at this hotel. Great steak though at Brands! Best piece of cattle ever had!
Amazing Hotel with alot to see and do!very nice hotel. Lazy river pool is great for kids.
We just stayed at this hotel and it was nice especially for the price.  I was a little scared to stay there after read some of these reviews, but my experience was a good one.  Yes the walls are thin so you can hear things,  but a lot of Hotels are like that if people are loud. The only thing I did not like was the fact that you pay a resort fee and you can't bring anything to drink or eat by the pool, not even a bottled water.  That is why i only give it a 4 star rating. But I will say the staff was great, and I would stay there again for sure.
This review won't be too helpful to anyone, but I still wanted to write about the place.  I've only stayed here once.  The room was average for a hotel on the Strip.  If I were to compare it to a room not in Vegas, then I'd give our room at the Monte Carlo Hotel a 5 star rating.  Since I'm comparing it to other hotels in Vegas, I'd have to give them 3 stars instead.  Room was clean, tastefully decorated, comfortable, and I got a great night's sleep.. . I have not eaten at any of the restaurants here so no help there.  I haven't even eaten at their buffet.  . . What I do like about the Monte Carlo is the casino.  I'm not a high roller.  My budget nowadays is $20 to $50 for gambling whenever we go to Vegas, and I have never gone over the budget.  I pretty much consider that money a donation.  At Monte Carlo, though, my $20 turned into $500!!  That's why I'm giving them 4 stars!  I'm a fan of a casino that will give me money!. . Another positive about the place is the location.  It is walking distance to all the major hotels on the Strip.  Very convenient.. . Bottom line is I probably would not stay here again unless the price was right.  I will play again at their casino though!  Maybe next time, my $20 will turn into $1000!!
This is the place to stay if you're on a budget. We managed to fit six girls into one room, so you can imagine that the rooms are decent in size with a big enough bathroom to accommodate all of us.. . Conveniently located right on the strip and connected to the Aria. Easy access to tram makes it quick and affordable to travel to other places. I particularly like how there is a food court in the hotel. Makes easy access to food after a night of fun in Vegas.
Went to Vegas for the weekend to see Dane Cook, we decided to stay at the Monte Carlo because of the price and the location. The price is decent for a nicer hotel in Vegas; it all depends on how much money you want to spend. If you want to go cheap you go with Hooters or Excalibur, if you want to pay a decent amount of money you are looking at Monte Carlo, TI or NYNY. If you wanna go big, you're looking at The Bellagio, or Phoenician. Everyone is different, everyone has different taste and everyone has a different amount of money to spend in Vegas, that is why Vegas is so awesome to go to, so many options for everyone! I really enjoyed staying at this particular hotel this time because of its location. I felt like it was somewhat in the center of everything! Not too far down the strip one way! Also anytime I rode the bus, there was a stop about 10 feet from the front of the Monte Carlo, so when I was tired and didn't want to walk, hopped on the bus and took me straight to my hotel, five seconds later im in the casino of the Monte Carlo. Not only do they have a great casino, the restaurants they have are a nice variety to choose from, along with a nice variety of fast food! Having everything you need in one place is awesome in Vegas because you do tend to get a tad lazy sometimes. The rooms were nice, clean, smell free and the beds were pretty comfy! The lobby is beautiful, their convenient store carries anything you would need and the pool is pretty awesome. They have a lazy river, a wave pool, a normal pool and a hot tub! You name it Monte Carlo has it!. . Very happy with the service, the set-up, the decor, the price, the room, casino, food, all of it! When I go back to Vegas this maybe my go-to hotel!
I like the Monte Carlo Hotel. I don't gamble, but like the lobby, the rooms and the buffet. Many times they offer special prices and deals if you sign up for email alerts. Overall, definitly in my top 5 favorite Hotels on the strip.. . The checking in and out never takes longer than 5 to 7 minutes. Lines move quickly and the people behind the counter are always friendly. You can tell they go through customer service training before allowed to work behind the counter.. . Great Hotel. Have fun....What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas unless you bring your wife/husband with you then you have to disclose it all!
Great experience overall. Great price directly  booked on hotel website. Upgraded on check in tohigh floor strip view. I'm sure the guy would've done the suite free, but we checked in at 4 AM, and there are no available suite upgrades that time of AM. slip the guy a $10 or $20 anyway. Good Karma to begin your stay. rooms are clean and comfortable although a bit dated as other reviews mention. But what do you need?fancy, useless Dark wood and alabaster bidet? the marble tile is a bit worn the grout is coming out, the showers a bit hokey but the beds are comfortable, and that's the most important thing. Room superclean and comfortable with a great view, at a great price, with a great location. Everyone from the hotel operator, to the cocktail waitresses, to the bartenders, to desk agent, to the restaurant staff were extremely friendly, call you by name and do everything possible to make you happy. this is the kind of place I like to stay. I've to inspected Aria, Bellagio Venetian Caesars Palace Trump, MGM is the worst, those places are super shiny, super fancy and have to many people pretending to have too much money. Monte Carlo is just right - it's very nice comfortable clean, just big enough you can have a lot of fun and just small enough you don't get lost don't have to walk too far and it's the perfect center strip hotel with easy access to everything. Clientele are mostly young people not too many pretty women, lots of frumpy looking guys from out of town but, that's Vegas right? Have a good time and remember - always bet on red! Cheers.
Just stayed here for a night and I would do it again! Great location and friendly staff. The room was clean; not the newest or shiniest, but we were hardly in it anyway and it was definitely good enough. I wish I had more time to explore the casino and shops inside. Maybe next time!
My husband and I came here for a wedding...we were not expecting much but we were quite happily surprised with what we got. The rooms are not brand new BUT they are clean..the service is nice..the food is good & the on site food court is quite fab. I also LOVED the location for shopping..Ross..marshals..planet hollywood shops!  & if you want high class just pop on over to city center which is next door..we had a fun and great stay..only gave 4 because the rooms could use a tiny upgrade here or there but other than than we had a nice stay :)
I just went stayed here for my bday. I had the spa suite and from the moment i got there the entire staff was very friendly and helpful. I requested a strip view & that was exactly what i got. I had about 5 others staying their too and when i checked in, the check in girl was able to make sure all my other guest had rooms on the same floor. The brunch was great too and the mimosas only $20 for two bottles...Me & my aunt even won money on the slots. My room was huge and we partied hard. Even tho maid service was over, I called and asked they come to clean about 3 by the time i came back around 6...it was done. I would def come back!!!
I really enjoyed my stay here. I was given a beautiful view of the mountains on a higher floor than I was reserved for. Quiet, comfortable and clean. . . The check in line moves quickly, the parking lot was well designed. . . However, avoid the Sabarro... All 3 of my girls and I woke up with fevers after a late nigh pizza run.
My goto spot to stay when in Vegas.  While it is certainly not a fancy place the staff are always VERY friendly, it has a great location on the strip, it is clean, has 2 starbucks and I nice little poker room with some cheap daily tournaments.. . On the downside thesportsbook is not great but other than that if you're going to Vegas and want to put your money into entertainment as opposed to the place that you basically only see for the 30 minutes when you get up and 30 minutes before bed then the Monte Carlo is ideal.  Was just there in May and Nov and booked today to go back in Feb.
For a town where "over the top" is the norm, the Monte Carlo is refreshingly balanced. It's not the cheapest place on the Strip, but it's definitely not the most expensive. However, it's perfectly placed between many other spots, so if the MC doesn't offer enough, it's a quick jaunt to other resorts.. . The action in the lounges and casinos are similar: It's not the hottest spot in town, but it's far from dead or boring. So, if you are looking for the wild 'n' crazy Vegas, this ain't it!. . As a 40-something married guy, the Monte Carlo is perfect for me and my wife. We can afford the nice suites without breaking the bank, we enjoy the reasonably priced restaurants that offer respectable menus, and can have fun in the casinos and lounges/bars without feeling overrun by the wild party crowd.. . Service is outstanding; always a sense that people are trying to earn well-deserved tips (and when you do tip, the service leaps to extraordinary levels, as it should in Vegas).. . The only things that keep it from earning a five-star review are minor details. For instance, the Internet (WiFi or wired) is very slow. The soaps and shampoos are generic and inferior. Noise in the hallways and neighboring rooms can be a slight nuisance. Then again, it's perhaps all the more reason to get out of your room and enjoy Vegas!
Was very happy with my stay here! Definitely a great value. The Flamingo lost our reservation so we were stuck with nowhere to stay for about an hour. It was already later in the day so all the hotels had upped their rates and it was a three day weekend so many had no rooms available. We finally came across the Monte Carlo and it was such a relief. The staff was so friendly and accommodating and even comped our fridge when we told them our story. The hotel is not the most modern but the style is timeless and everything is well taken care of. Room was a decent size and clean. One complaint was the lack of electrical outlets in the room, I think there was one, other than the bathroom :x Rough when there are four girls who need to get ready for a night out on the strip. We also paid for late check out on our last day, but we received two call and two visits from room service asking us when we would be leaving. When we did leave, a maid was waiting for us outside with her arms crossed! Annoying, but still enjoyed my stay and would recommend. I will be back in Vegas in February and will definitely consider this hotel.
Nice hotel, cozy beds, not too busy if you want to avoid crowds.  My fiance noticed that our first room was not well cleaned and the air filter was filthy so he went down and pointed out his findings and they immediately upgraded us to a strip view room on the 31st floor.  Quite accommodating I think, but they should clean all rooms the same regardless of how much you pay.  . . If you are planning to do a lot of walking on the strip, I would suggest finding a hotel a little more centrally located so you can explore more.  . . If you are looking for fun bars within your hotel, I would suggest looking elsewhere.  'Brand' is a lounge that offers $20 entry fee and free drinks all night for ladies, but it didn't look too exciting so I never went in.  . . Reasons to stay: nice, accommodating, cozy beds, not too crowded.. . Reasons not to stay: not centrally located on the strip, no fun bars within the hotel
Location, Location, Location. This place is situated right in the heart of the strip. Not to mention it has a tram available to take you the Bellagio( don't forget they have the water show every half over). The Aria is also connected near the Monte Carlo shops. I loved the fact the food court was available right near the Casino / Lobby. Here is a quick list of Fast food available. McDonalds , Starbucks, Subway (opened 24 hours)  Sabarro.  The employees at the M Life  players club were very helpful. Don't forget to sign up for your card and use it. If you accumulate enough points you will have many free buffets. The only drawback of the hotel is the outdated rooms. The bathrooms aren't that clean. I wish they would use all the money people put into the casino to update them. I would stay here again.
This review if for their ballroom and catering services.  . . My husbands company had decided on the Monte Carlo for the Christmas Party. First off, their parking is very easy to access.   From the 15, you take Frank Sinatra Drive and turn onto Rue de Monte Carlo.  Their self parking structure is right there... no need to drive on the busy Las Vegas Blvd.  Hooray!  . . Since we were there a little early, we had a little bit on fun 'contributing' to their electric bill.  Since they had recently moved the Blue Man Group show from the Venetian to here, they had a  little parade of instruments going through the casino as to promote their show starting soon.  It was very entertaining!  . . It was party time... and very easy to find the ballrooms designated for the company.  It was beautifully decorated for the Christmas season with many trees.  This worked out great for a photo op!  The huge chandeliers also lit the rooms nicely as they weren't too bright but just enough.  . . They had set up several different food stations which consisted of a variety of salads, rolls, chicken, beef, baked potato bar and beautiful dessert table.   The potato bar was excellent as they had shrimp and crap meat they would saute  for you.  I actually skipped the potato and just had the shrimp, crab and some mushrooms.  Delightful!   If you know me, I always look forward to dessert time.  Unfortunately they had set this up a little too far in advance.  The cakes and cookies were very very dry.  Bummer for me.  . . The waitstaff did a phenomenal job!!  They were right there to clear away any plates, refill drinks and just give you a smile!  . . Overall it is a great place for large gatherings, parties or meetings.
Not as classy as Aria, or as modern as Cosmo, but Monte Carlo can definitely hold its own. How? Well, they have great deals that are half the prices of Aria and the other high end hotels, has a great location on the strip, AND...It's attached to Aria!! You can go to Aria without ever having to set foot outside, OR take the tram and go to Vdara/Crystals or Bellagio! The opportunities are endless..so take the cheaper hotel and explore all the other hotels!. . PS: The Monte Carlo rooms are very well kept up and worth what you pay. You can also check out via email (they send you a link).
