My first Brazilian BBQ experience did not disappoint.  I'm not a big meat eater, but I made an exception for this meal with a group of colleagues.. . The dinner menu is fixed price, and includes a salad/appetizer bar that easily provides a whole meal alone.  The lobster bisque was awesome.  Lamb chops and rare tenderloin were my favorite meats.. . The food is never ending, and most of the side dishes are very rich - so go hungry.  . . Others complained about the price, but I thought it was reasonable considering the quality and quantity of food.
soooo worth the $$$$!!!  amazing!  The salad bar and the meats are fantastic!!!  The bacon wrapped chicken, garlic sirloin steak are my favorites!  try to save room for desert, the bananas foster pie is awsome!
I'm a hardcore carnivore.  This place is perfect for me.  Lol.  Except, as much as I think I can eat a whole cow, I really can't.  I got full too quick.  Maybe from inhaling my food in a quickness.  The filet and house special sirloin were my faves.  So tasty!  I wasn't really feeling the salad bar items though.  I got a whole plate of salad bar items, and at the end, I noticed I hardly even touched that plate.. . I did enjoy the mashed potatoes and cheese bread with my meats.  Wine menu is very extensive.  Sweet bananas was my dessert instead of my palate cleanser lol.  I think it's over priced, but maybe because I can't eat $50 worth of food.  Service was excellent too.  . . We'll definitely be going back, just not often.  Next time, I'm starving myself before we go.
I've now been here twice and feel I have learned something after the second trip. First, get there early. Try for when it opens. Less guests means quicker and more gaucho service for you. Second, go with a smaller party so you can be in the main dining area. Again, it may also help to get there early. The first time I went, we sat pretty close to the salad bar. Because it was such a high traffic area, the meat never stopped coming and you rarely had to wait for anything. The second time I was there, it was with a much larger party, we were in the side/back room and the meat servers seemed to disappear at times. However, if you get there early and get a good location, you will be in meat lover's heaven. And don't listen to people when they say save the room and stay away from the salad bar. It's more than a salad bar and it's worth a trip. I say eat the salad bar and skip desert. If eating is your idea of a good time and you like copious amounts of meat, check this place out.
As a vegetarian, I highly value any restaurant that offers selections catered to my diet. Texas de Brazil has a varied salad bar that would suit even the pickiest carnivores. I love their huge wheel of grana padano, as well as their vegetable selections.. . My only complaint is that most salad bar selections are pretty salty and very similarly herbed/flavored. A more varied pallet would be appreciated.. . I've been three times now and we are guaranteed to return. Excellent service and the staff allows you to linger.
If you sign up for their birthday club you can get a free meal from them yay! I can't remember if it's bogo or just free since I've gone with my hubby both times and paid for one dinner anyway.  The salad bar here is better than any other Brazilian bbq I've been to (Greenfields in So. Cal and Fogo de Chao in Los Angeles).  The meat is very good quality and also very tasty.  On our wedding anniv. the waiter brought us a slice of the chocolate mousse cake--very yummy!  The service here is top notch and so is the food so I say you should try it out.
Amazing food! The salad bar was the best I have ever have and the meat is unreal. The staff is constantly bring food to your table. Service was ok, our waitress seem to have an attitude. I know its just one experience but that is all I got. I gave it four stars because the crazy high price.
Meat heaven.  I wonder how many pounds of meat this place goes through a day?  . . I've been to this location over 10 times.  First of all there is no reason to EVER pay full price.  Sign up for their email list and they will send you a BOGO coupon for your bday, anniversary, fathers/mothers day (I actually had pictures of my niece stored on my phone in case they asked about our "kids" the first time we used them) and a couple of other days.  Need more coupons?  Use your other email account and set up other bdays!  The coupon doesn't work on Saturday though :(. . My wife and I were vegetarian for the entire month on January so this was the best place to end it.  Best things on the menu are the filet, lamb chops, any of the sirloins, the flank steak and ummm...more lamb.  . . Best strategy is to get 4 meats and then flip your thingy to red so at least you can enjoy those pieces while they're hot.  Otherwise you're just barraged by piles and piles of meat and you have no idea what is what. . . It's a good thing they haven't hired people with Chinese restaurant dim sum experience or this place could get crazy!!!!!!!!. . Sure it's not the best quality meat but its one of the best places in town to gorge yourself.  Easily one of the top 3 restaurants I would take a friend that has been in prison for 3+ years.
I was all excited to go to this place and then read some mixed yelp reviews, and started wondering.  . . Went around 5:30pm on a Sunday evening, and had 5 minute wait. But by the time I left around 8pm, there was a massive crowd inside and outside waiting. Moral of the story....go early.  I showed the coupon to the hostess just to make sure it would be good, and also handed it first thing to our waiter (just because of some of the random coupon mishap experiences mentioned on yelp).  No problems at all.. . I'm happy to say this was a great experience. Had joined the eclub and took the email coupon....I'm not sure I would spring for the full price dinner.. . Service is AMAZING.  Very personable, not overwhelming, extremely professional.  I read some complaints that the cheaper cuts of meat tend to come around more often. Just ask your server or the current person offering meat to your table to send something around. We asked if filet mignon was on the menu for the evening, and less than 5 minutes later the filet mignon guy swung by the table. No annoyance from any of the servers at all. . . The "salad bar" is more like salad/antipasto bar.  But I love antipasto so that wasn't a problem for me.  Spicy cauliflower had me hooked, and the other fresh salad greens, veggies, cheeses were great. The potatoes au grautin over at the salad bar were also splendiferous...yeah that's not a word but it is now.  I would actually consider going back for just the salad bar option (though not sure how much that costs).. . The filet mignon was by far the best, but all the other beef was also extremely tasty. The chicken wrapped in bacon was also good (although how can you go wrong wrapping something in bacon).  I didn't get to warn my partner in time about the yelp reviews regarding the lamb....and those reviews were totally right.  Not our cup of tea.  . . Yes, the meat is decently salty. Yes, because the salad bar has a lot of antipasto things, it is also salty. But honestly, I was pretty happy with the quality of food.  The exceptions were the lamb and the mashed potatoes brought to the table...the mashed potatoes were indeed toooooooo salty. Did I mention the potatoes au grautin?. . With the coupon, one glass of wine, one soda, $92.  I kind of figure that if you get a filet mignon dinner from a nice restaurant, it will run you at least $35, and with the wide array of meats available, and the fact you could eat as much as you want, that seemed fair.  . . If i had another coupon, think I'd go back. Full price...ehhhh...not sure just because of budget. But I think this place is worth a swing through. The food is definitely very decent, and the service makes the experience great.
They ought to have a sign outside that warns vegitarians away.   This place is mecca for any carnivore.   . . If you haven't been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, this is how it works:  generally, you start off with a salad from the salad bar and then waiters with meat roasted on a sword walk by and offer you some.   As other have said, PACE YOURSELF!   Try everything,  but don't be afraid to take a break.    Turning the marker from Green (feed me!) to Red (leave me alone) doesn't mean you are finished.... you just won't be bothered for a little while.   If you see something you want, don't be afraid to ask for it.   This meal is not a sprint, but a marathon, pace yourself.  . . I was there three weeks ago with a group of 5 others.   We had reservations and were seated promptly.   The place is a little noisy, but not horribly so.   The service was ok/good as we had empty water glasses from time to time, but the waiters with the meat on a sword were always around.   The food was verygood.   Brazilian steakhouses tend to season the beef with salt before cooking, so be prepared for that.   But it makes the meat taste so good.   The filet was really good as was the sausage.   Mmmmm.   And for the amount and quality of the food you get, the prices are reasonable.   Expect to pay somewhere around $150 per couple.   But yeah, it's tasty!. . Will I be back?   Yup, you betcha I will.
If you weren't a meat eater before, you'd become one after eating here!! Even their salad bar was great. You must try their red sangria, make sure it's mixed well & is on the sweeter side.  My Husband & I are fans now... :)
I have been here twice within the last 3 months, but it was my first experience at a Brazilian Steak House. Very interesting concept. All you can eat meats that are continuously brought to your table until you are full!  . . I highly recommend making a reservation since it was pretty crowded on the nights we came here. Recession? What recession? Even at $50 per person (not including drinks or dessert) there was absolutely no sign of the bad times here! . . The salad bar looked great! There were a wide variety of salads, dressings, vegetables, cheeses, breads, soups and more. I only grabbed a small portion of salad and rice because I was there to eat the meat baby!! I didn't want to ruin my meal and get full off of the salad bar. The rice was really good on my second visit, I liked how it had a hint of butter flavor in it.. . Most of the meats were pretty good. I have not tried all of them yet, but my favorites were the Filet Mignon, Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon and the Garlic Sirloin. I did not like the Parmesan Chicken, Chicken Breast wrapped in Bacon and the Leg of Lamb. I REALLY DISLIKED that Lamb! I don't know how to explain it, but it tasted nasty and smelled funny!! Oh, and the Brazilian Cheesecake for dessert was also delicious!. . My complaints about this place?. . 1. It always seems like my favorite meats never come around often enough! The guy with the Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon comes around once in the beginning and never again! WTF? Yet, you get the guys carrying the meats that you DON'T want coming to the table like 3 times?!? I guess the good thing is that you can tell your server what you are waiting for and they will make sure that it comes to your table. . . 2. Watch out because I had meat juice squirted on me, LOL! So you may not want to wear your favorite outfit to this restaurant.. . 3. After we paid our bill, our waitress gave us cards to fill out to join their eclub. I filled it out and gave it back to her, but of course weeks later, I never received any email about it. So I just went on their website and signed up myself. No biggie, but seriously, what is the point of asking customers to fill out the cards if they are not going to register us for the eclub anyway? . . Overall I like eating at Texas de Brazil. But I would only eat here on special occasions like my birthday or anniversary because of the price!
Rodrizio was great! I would definitely go there again. Take a coupon because it is pricey. Nice atmosphere for a date or special occasion.
This place is super delicous!!! It is alittle pricey ($50) but oh so worth it for special occasions!. My favorites are the lamb chops and leg of lamb. So awesome! I also love the cheese bread buns they give you at the table and also the shrimp at the buffet you have to try! so good!. . My husband and I signed up for their newsletter on the texas de brazil website and got two for one dinners on our bdays and anniversary! . . Service is always great and the atmosphere is great. . . I would say this place is not good for kids. The servers have sharp knives and heavy meats. Not a place for kids at all!
Beef, pork, chicken and all the protein your heart desires. Please be aware, you will need lipotor after a visit here. This location is pretty much the same lay out as the Miami, FL location.
Plan on spending about $70 per adult for dinner, a drink and gratuity. The meats are served medium rare by the gauchos. The food is excellent and very filling - so go hungry and you'll be satisfied. Sign up for their E-club online and they'll send you invitations to join their paid membership VIP club which affords 50% dinners. Membership pays for itself after one visit.
The lobster bisque is good but not as amazing as other people have said. I am also a harsh judge I am from New England. Service was great, the salad bar was fantastic. My favorite were the little cheese pop-over thingies that appeared at our table.
Here is a tip: If you want more of something they don't bring around often (namely, my favorites, the beef rib and the filet mignon) tell your server that you want it and they'll bring it out based on your request.. . I went again last night and have decided that my favs are the beef rib then the filet.  Now that I know these are the 2 best things I sparingly get slices of other meats.
I have been here quite a few times and enjoyed every trip. The staff is friendly, and I have run into one not so friendly server, but Im not going to shout over one time. People do have bad days : ) The salad bar is great, and the meat I give 4 stars. I enjoy the bacon wrapped chicken and filet mignon the most. I personally dont care for the rest but that I know is personal taste. Im sure their is better steaks out their but for an all you can eat its terrific. There is usually little wait on anything, and the dessert is also a must try no matter the choice. Yes, its high in price, but lets face it, your eating large sums of MEAT! If price is an issue, go to applebees and call it a day, no harm no foul. If you want to eat large sums of good meat, enjoy a great salad bar that should never be compared to sweet tomato, and enjoy a different dining experience, come here.
Was in Vegas for a few days, and this was my favorite meal of the trip. All the meats were prepared very well and were tasty. I took one star off because of the price, and because although it is a good concept, a lot of the servers passed by us after serving the other half of our table, even though our cards were green, so it took a few rounds before our meat of choice came back around.
What's not to like about Texas de Brazil? I'll get to that later. First, if you haven't been to a Texas de Brazil, you should go. Make sure you are hungry and you pack your credit card. This isn't your average buffet. And when you get there, don't fill up on food from the excellent buffet sections. This place calls for discipline! Pace yourself because you will want to try all kinds of cuts of meat - all served churrascaria style.. . This restaurant is clean and the service outstanding. I have experienced the same at other Texas de Brazil restaurants in other states.. . So what's not to like? I don't know really. I can't put my finger on it (so to say). It's just that I always think that the money a meal costs at Texas de Brazil could have been spent at Ruth's Chris instead. Crazy? I dunno.
Frank Muir was here and sitting at the table next to us the night we dined at this establishment.  I recommend those who are looking for a good Churrascaria to skip Pampas at Planet Hollywood (which I have tried and disliked), and come here.  Their salad and side dish bar is extensive. You'll find anything from bacon to fresh mozzarella. The meats are great as well. Staff is attentive and will go out of their way to fill your requests.  Our waiter checked on us many times throughout the night and asked if we had any special meat request and delivered.  Pork Ribs, Picanha, PIcanha wrapped in Bacon, Filet Mignon, Flank Steak, and Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon were all highlights of the night.. Make sure you sign up for the e-club/newsletter; you get a free meal on you birthday..what a steal.
The concept, much like a more casual version of Rum Jungle used to be, works for the person with a big appetite. The service is good, not great, but I will say I rarely ever had to ask for a refill and whenever we sat back down from either getting more salad/soup, or went to the restroom, our napkin was neatly folded. Its always the little touches that make the visit above the usual.. . Now onto the food. Salad bar (even though those that know me know I am not a salad fan) had a good selection. They even had some sushi and other random things that seemed out of place but were still tasty. The lobster bisque was good, albeit a little bit on the thin side with no actual lobster meat present.. . The highlight was of course what everyone come to this place for, the MEATS! Great selection of meats which were highlighted by the Garlic Crusted Filet and the Bacon Wrapped Chicken. Both were scrumptious. . . Dessert tray had some flavorful items and we went with the chocolate mousse cake. Good and moist. . . Price is not cheap but not of a fine dining level, but may I recommend going on their company website and signing up for their email blasts. I got a free entree for my birthday.
I've been to a few Brazilian BBQ's and this is by far the best. I went to Texas de Brazil for 4th of July with some Brazilians we were hosting for a business trip. Taking Brazilians to a Brazilian BBQ can be quite risky especially since their standards were high, but to their surprise it was amazing. They were even thrilled that Texas de Brazil had a particular soda that apparently they only have back in Brazil. . . The service is great, the bar is fabulous, and the food is amazing! Come here hungry. I would fast for a whole day before going to Texas de Brazil.
Came here for [a BIG] lunch on a Sunday, April 17, 2011.. . The place looks very nice, and I loved the large floral centerpiece.  From the decor to the dishware, everything was classy.  Of course, the bill reflects this class.  But if you came to eat, then it's quite worth it.. . Be warned: the meat can be on the heavily salted side.. . Tip: the cheese balls are effin amazing.  But, being that they're "carb" balls, you can easily get full of em too.  Just wear jeans here, and stick a ball in each pocket to eat later ;). . Brownie points for bringing out a cute, mini aluminum Coca-Cola bottle.... . I like this place, and if I was feeling particularly carnivorous, I know exactly where to beeline.
Oh, Texas de Brazil.... you just keep luring me back to you! . . The prices may keep you from wanting to try... but sign up on-line and you can get free dinner on birthdays, anniversaries... and/or a percentage discount. With limitless salad, veggies, potatoes, soup, steak, lamb, pork, chicken, and... bananas.. this place is just worth it. . . I love the ambiance of the restaurant. The fact that it is upscale, classy, chic, sophisticated.....etccc, you can still stroll in here in a t-shirt and jeans! . . There are plenty reviews to choose from, but my personal favorites: . . -Mojitos: Done here just as I expect them too, fresh muddled mint and lime, a dash of simple syrup, perfect amount of white rum, and a splash of soda. Careful though, Happy Hour is only existent in the bar area... if you order from your table you pay full price. . . -Brazilian cheese bread: tastes just like a cheez-it! Only eat one! . . -Potatoes: 1) garlic mash that is served to you.... so yummy and garlicky! creamy, yet still chunks of potato.... 2) Potatoes Au Gratin so creamy and delicious... I have to limit myself so I can indulge on all the other goodies. . . -Lobster Bisque: everyone's right... not a single piece of lobster.... not a single piece of anything.... but &*^% this isgood!! . . -Cinnamon sugar bananas: yummm...this past visit we learned it was for cleaning your palate. Ha. We use it in place of dessert. . . MEATS: . -Garlic sirloin: appeases my obsession with garlic with a delcious crust. -Top sirloin: melts. in. your. mouth . -Parmesan crusted chicken: on the bone, and succulent and delicious! . -Fillet Mignon: it's fillet Mignon, of course I'm going to like it... I feel like this piece is the one where you actually get the flavor of the meat where the salt content is a lot more subtle than the other pieces . -Bacon wrapped fillet Mignon: Bacon. Fillet Mignon. . -Bacon wrapped chicken breast: A delicious confusion for your mouth . . I don't really care for the lamb or pork here, so I politely refuse. But that's up to you to decide on . . Hopefully you leave here impressed, wanting to return, and most of all... full.
I have been to Texas de Brazil probably 6 times since living in Vegas, and do not get tired of it.. . The ambience, the salad bar with its gourmet cheeses and meats, the Lobster Bisque all are worth going for, but the meats are what keep me coming back.  . . Do not be sidetracked by the chicken, pork, or lamb they bring around.  Hold out for the good stuff!!  The house sirloin, the filet mignon and the flank steak are the three best choices.  Eat them repeatedly.  Savor each bite.  Best cuts of meat I've had.. . Key Lime Pie and the Brazillian soda did not disappoint.. . Does anyone have a wheelchair so I can be rolled back to my car?? :)
Not much to say that hasn't been said about Texas de Brazil before.  Hands down it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and to me that's saying alot because of the vast choices you have in this city.  I've eaten here countless times and continue going back for special events within our lives such as birthdays and anniversaries.  . . The meat is and always has been amazing.  My 2 personal favorites are the beef rib which sort of melts in your mouth and the filet minion when it is cooked medium rare.  Sometimes the filet comes out a bit over done and is tough to eat and that is the reason i had to knock it down to 4 stars instead of five.. . The service is always great and the meats are always constantly coming to your table.  If there is something that hasn't made the trek to your table or if you just want more of something don't hesitate to ask your waiter to have it sent over.  . . The price is pretty high for dinner, basically 50 bucks a person but you can cut some of that cost by going online and joining their e-club.  For bdays and anniversaries they send out a BOGO free offer and occasionally send out 25 percent off as well.
I really liked the food and atmosphere here. On paper its an all you can eat buffet, but they crossed the line into something more sophisticated. They have a pretty decent wine menu, and the meats are cooked to perfection. What I really loved was that our server was one of the best I've had in a long time. The only thing that makes me give this place 4 stars out of 5 is the lack of staff in the front of the restaurant. I didn't feel ignored, bu I didn't exactly feel welcomed either. The bartender was a little cold too... The lobster bisque was a little weak, no lobster chunks :(
Very nice place close to our Time Share. Staff was very nice and extra attentive. All the sides/salads were very good. Was not a fan of the Lobster Bisque personally. The meats had quite a selection, but the flank steak seemed to make the most appearances. Next time we will ask for the better cuts to come by more often if we don't see them, now that we have a lay of the land. See ya definitely the next time we are in Las Vegas at our Time share.
Pricey but good
Our first night in Vegas for a conference, and I ask two colleagues where we should dine for dinner. Being men of hearty appetites, and a modicum of high standards (and a car), they decided on Texas de Brazil.. . The premise of unlimited meat evoked memories of old SNL sketches with the Chicago Bears fans ("da Bears") -- visions of attempting cardiac resuscitation by hitting my chest after consuming 15 pounds of beef danced in my mind. . . Despite my visions, and the drive to a strip mall, Texas de Brazil offers a lovely interior. And wonderful service. Our waitress was meticulous in describing the dining experience. I wondered if she or her management had read other Yelp reviews, as she was very thorough describing the salt content of the meats, and telling us to let them know if the salt was an issue so they could accommodate us.. . First off, the salad bar -- as many have said, a very respectful assortment of veggies, cheeses, starches and soups. I had the lobster bisque on my "must try" list after reading other reviews -- IMO, it had nice flavor but I've had better (and yes no actual pieces of lobster or anything). . . Now the meats -- that's why you come here, right? Served by gauchos, and (because of in spite of their outfits) mighty sexy ones too. The best meats for me (we're talking eatable meat, get your mind out of the gutter) was the picanha and the filet mignon. The only meat I didn't enjoy was the lamb. And yes, some of the cuts were salty -- aside from asking your server about it, I would recommend taking the inner cuts vs. the outer cuts. Less surface area = less salt.. . On that note -- and this might be the only original review observation I can provide for T.D.B. -- you get tongs before the meat portion of the meal. They are for picking off the slices of meat your server is slicing. When you ask for meat from a speared roast, be prompt and have the tongs ready to pull your slice(s) off and onto your plate. . . Dress attire is ... well, given the digs, it should be at least business casual, but there were plenty of tank tops, t-shirts and shorts. So let's just say it's unlikely that being underdressed will be a worry once you arrive.
Brazil meets Texas at this scrumptious Churrascaria. As soon as you get seated you will notice that your table is equiped with all the supplies you need to indulge in a carnivorous feast. A server swoops in and places an offering of cheesy Brazilian biscuits before your eyes followed by a plate of plantains to cleanse your palate between dishes. . . Notice the circular red table marker...when you are ready for a whirlwind of meaty delights, flip it over because green means go! Right away you will see a flurry of gauchos bringing multiple meat selections to your table for your eating enjoyment. Try the bacon wrapped filet mignon, the parmesean crusted chicken, flank steak, lamb chops, beef ribs, sausages - phew, time to unbutton your britches folks!!. . But wait, there is still the salad bar at your beckon call. Enjoy the fresh selection of cheeses, sushi rolls, vegetables, rice, potatoes, soups...not to mention one of the best lobster bisques I have ever slurped from a spoon!!. . This can be all yours for one all-you-can-eat price. At around $100 for 2 people it may seem a little costly to most but...shhh...here is your secret squirel tip of the day: sign up for their e-club and you get free dinner on your birthday and anniversary. SCORE!. . Last but not least you must -at least once- try a glass of TdB's decadent sangria. The fruit & wine merry perfectly together to form heaven in a glass...or pitcher, but hey that's just me ;)
I love red meat, so I tip my hat to the Brazilians who brought this concept of nonstop servings of grilled meats to the US of A. It's like a parade of different skewered meats merrily marching down my throat.. . You get your meat here. And someone cuts it for you, and serves it on your plate. You can't just go there on a sudden whim. You need at least a day to prepare, not only for your own health but also to allow maximum meat eating potential.. . NO FOWL !!! - That's the command I give to the servers when I get there. The money and pleasure rests with their red meat. No time or belly room to mess around with. The salad bar? - whilst impressive, do not get tricked! You think you know what you're getting into by going to a churrascaria? Go light on the salad bar, only with small items - like cheeses - to compliment your meaty bites. You also get the wonderfully gooey and sweet plantains, as many as you want, so tread carefully my friends.. . TdB is not my first experience with Brazilian BBQ, but it's certainly one of the best. They have a higher quality of beef than many other places, and they don't save the best cuts until later in the evening when you can't eat anymore. In fact, in a lot of other churrsascarias I've been to, it gets annoying trying to flag down what you want, but the parade of meats never stopped here, even when we reluctantly switched our color to red.. . Since it's hard to stomach the amount of meat you can stuff into your belly, it seems you can only go occasionally. It can also get pricy, at about $50 per head not including drinks. As such, I mainly go on special occasions, like birthdays, where they have deals such as two for one specials...just make sure you and your friends join their e-mail list so that you can receive these deals!
Solid brazilian steak house. Don't forget to ask for the beef ribs! Sooo effin good!
Food and Service was amazing except for the price.
Three words: MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, MEAT.  Wait, that's five words.  . . Here's what I think:. . - very solid MEAT selection and quality for money. - decent lobster bisque (OK, not the best; but come on, it's all you can eat, but save room for the MEAT). - nicely presented salad bar (but, hey, don't eat two much because it's about the MEAT). - good decor (but I'm really there for, you guessed it, the MEAT). - service was excellent (they kept coming, and coming with the MEAT). - no free soda refills  (bummer; all the MEAT gets salty after a while). - omg had pecan pie (no MEAT PIE, but I love pecan pie). . Had filet mignon, garlic crusted flank steak, rack of lamb (weakest entry of the bunch), leg of lamb (pretty good compared to the rack), bacon wrapped chicken and much more.  Not the best I've had, but man, it just kept coming, and coming until we had to turn over the little card and throw up the white flag.  . . We went with a friend who is not into new food experiences at all (drag). His idea of a good steak is Lone Star.  So he came somewhat reluctantly.  But since he's a guy, and he loves MEAT, it's all good and now wants to find a Brazilian steak house at home for New Years Eve.   . . Come hungry and you will leave with MEAT coma.
This was my first trip to a Brazilian churrascarias restaurant, and I can't wait for my next one!. . Delicious food! 14 different mouth watering offerings of meat and a wonderful salad bar and lobster bisque.. . Great drinks and desserts. . . We had a wonderful server and felt well taken care of the entire time we were there.
Service is great.  The garlic sirloin is the best. Not sure it is worth the $48 a person for dinner though.  I only go when I get a 2 for 1 coupon (birthdays and anniversaries).  No free refills on drinks.  Overall, I would go there everytime if I have a 2 for 1 coupon, otherwise I'll pass.
We've been here quite a few times, and we've never had a complaint...we'll except maybe my stomach's not big enough!!. The drinks are good, the salad buffet is awesome ( I keep saying I'm gonna just get the salad bar but the smell of salty meat in the air changes my mind every time), love the garlic mash and fried plantains. I love having a variety of foods to choose from and eat what ever I want. I always get the lamb chops, can be dry and over cooked at times, but you can always get another one! . We've tried a few deserts as well, the chocolate cake is way to rich and heavy to eat by yourself after such a big meal. The creme brulee was just meh. The carrot cake was good, moist with cream cheese frosting. The bananas foster pie was really good.. Staff is great. Atmosphere is a bit noisy but romantic and fun at the same time.
I visited Texas de Brazil on a Thursday evening and the place was packed. Our reservation was for 9:30 because that was the first available and we still had to wait in the bar for about 15 minutes for our table to be ready. This was my second visit to Texas de Brazil and it was just as delicious as the first.. . Our waitress was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, as was the rest of the staff.  We started at the included salad bar which is one of my favorite parts of the meal.  There is lobster bisque soup, meats, cheese, olives, shrimp and salads.  The problem is it's so delicious you could fill up right there and you have to remind yourself there is meat coming.  Lots and lots of meat!. . The carvers come around to your table with sausage, steak, chicken, pork, lamb, and ribs.  The bacon wrapped steak and lamb chops are two of my favorite.  The problem is I always fills up way before I get my money's worth or get to try everything.  Also some of the things come by several times and others you have to wait for. The waitress was very helpful and went to find the meat carvers we hadn't seen yet to send them over to us.. . We finished our meal with dessert and if you're a sweats lover I highly recommend saving room if you can. The coconut pie and cheese cake were both delicious.  It is probably the best cheesecake I have ever tasted!  . . Texas de Brazil is definitely a must for meat lovers and foodies.  If you can get on their  mailing list you will receive coupons throughout the year to make it more affordable.
Mmm mmm mmmm what can I say....I love meat!. . And when a craving for meat hits, Texas de Brazil fulfills the craving. We came to TdB with a group. I think it's ideal for groups because it's a set price for each person. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was delicious.. . The cold and hot salad bars that are available offer a variety of items. Some of my favorites are the (hot) sauteed mushrooms and buffalo mozzerella with tomatoes.. . The selection of meats that come around are delicious too. Well seasoned and the portions are just right. I especially like the filet mignon and flank steak.. . The service is on point and all the staff from host greeters to our main waiter were polite and attentive. . . Minus one star because it's in the Town Square area. A lot of the clientele seems to be walk-in traffic from the shopping area and as a result the lack of a dress code doesn't make you feel like you're eating in an expensive establishment. However, it is a solid restaurant and I would definitely recommend TdB when you're in the mood for all you can eat meat.
Wow! What an improvement!  Service, once the downfall of the restaurant, is now efficient and relaxed.  You are given the time to sit down, look over the drink menu and wine list.  You can enjoy your drink before hitting the excellent salad bar.  You can  have a conversation after you finish your salad without the servers arms reaching in to clear the table the second you put your fork down.  Most amazingly, you can  enjoy a SINGLE cut of meat and a sip of wine without playing the "haha, I flipped the stick to stop one second after the last carver left so back off!) game.. . Believe it or not, beef taste different from chicken when they are not all piled on top of each other (although the primary flavor is still bacon fat and hickory smoke).. . Thanks to the slower service, the proteins taste much better.  They do not bleed out on the plate and are much juicer. . . The only thing I still don't get is the roasted bananas with brown sugar that's offered as a side.  It still taste like a desert to me.. . The wine selection is excellent.  Prices are very low (near retail).. . What a difference service makes.  Now, highly recommended.
Yum Yum Yum!!!. . Meat upon meat upon meat.  This restaurant is cool.  You get to try tons of different types of meat that is brought right to your table.  Usually I don't like "buffet" sort of places because I hate the crowds that always flock to the "good food", however this one is cool because for the most part you sit the whole time.  You get your food from the buffet area salad and cheese and stuff, and then you go sit down where servers bring around freshly cooked pieces of meat.  They keep on bringing it until you turn your card over to the "stop" side.  If you decide that you would like some more then you turn it back over to "go" side.  They say that all the meat is cooked medium rare but I found it to medium.  Still awesome though.. . The wine is a bit pricey but if you go online and sign up for email you get a free buy one get one coupon for your birthday, so it justifies buying a bottle of wine! :). . Ahhh I don't remember our particular servers name but she was really nice!!
Lost a star due to the price. Via Brazil is better for the price you pay. The meat isn't that tender. Park at Town Square for easy and FREE parking. Valet is offered at Town Square. Texas De Brazil offers lot parking.
Excellent service. Wish that some meat are well done hate to see a little blood on the meat. The Desert are an believable yummy!!
Do you love food? Do you love to eat a lot of it? If you answered yes to both of those questions, then you'll love Texas de Brazil. If you are planning on eating here for dinner, I recommend you come hungry. By this I mean, plan the day out specifically for eating here. When you are first seated, you have the opportunity to go to a salad bar with a number of various selections. If you aren't amazed by the vast salad bar selection, turn around and there you will find.... Lobster. Bisque. Soup. . . The lobster bisque soup is very delicious and will keep you coming back for more. But wait, you can't get full off of that just yet.. . . The parade of meats seemed like it was something I could only dream about. There are various different types of meat (beef, chicken, lamb, pork) all of which have their own unique flavor. I'll tell you now, I recommend sticking with the beef and chicken, because those had the best flavor in my opinion.. .  On the table there is a small card, if the green side is up, the servers will come to your table and offer you whichever type of meat they are carrying. If the red side is up, the servers will refrain from offering any more food. On top of the various meat choices, you are given a dish with banana and brown sugar which is very delicious and sweet , and mashed potatoes. You can order more of these after you finish them.. . My only complaint is that sometimes the servers with the specific meat you do like take a long time to come around again. Other than that, the service is great.. . Recommendation: be sure you try some of the picanha (also known as top sirloin).
I took my husband to Texas De Brazil for his birthday. I would suggest making a reservation because it gets pretty busy here even in midweek. We came a little earlier than our reservation so we had to wait a little.. . We were seated close to the salad bar which was good for me because I fell in love with it! I enjoyed the salad bar more than the meat. That is not like me because I'm a carnivore. There were a couple of stand outs for me. They had sushi but it was very basic but still appreciated. The Lobster Bisquehad a sweet taste to it. I couldn't get enough of the Marinated Portobello Mushrooms. They also had this excellent tomato salad. The one thing I didn't like about the salad bar was they kept all of the sauces for the meat here. I discovered them too late! They should bring the sauces to the table like other places.. . The meat was good but not as good as Fogo De Chao. I base that on how the chicken wasn't as good here because it was salty. The meat was fine but if you like well done meat like my husband it is hard to come by. He had to wait awhile for someone to bring it.. . The service was good on the refilling of drinks but not fast enough on bringing well done meats to the birthday boy!
If your a meat lover this place is for you. The sweet bananas are very delicious!! Mash potatoes are so-so. I really love the cooked mushrooms!! Not very cheap but high quality meats aren't cheap.
Let me walk you through a typical experience at Texas de Brazil. You walk in, get seated, and then you have the option of going to what is essentially a tapas style salad bar, filled will not just traditional salad fair but things like stuffed olives, fried provolone cheese, slices of prosciutto and much more. Fill your plate with things that look tasty and maybe a few things you're not sure about (grape salad?) and head back to your table. There you will find the staff has kindly dropped you the standard table sides of fried banana and mashed potatoes, and some cheese bread balls. These are just the sides. They are delicious.. . At that table with be a small round card. If you flip it up to say no, no one will bother you. If you flip it up to say yes, an assortment of folks will stop by your tale with meat of some variety or another. You can take a piece or pass for the next one as you see fit. You'll see things like hot links, short ribs, flank steak and any number of other amazing items. I recommend taking the time to try many different things, rather than loading up on any one item. It's what the place is built for.. . Therein lies the real true appeal. Not just the food, which is generally excellent. It's the fact that you get to to hunt that food in reverse since it comes to you. It's the breadth and quality of choices you have to work with. It's a fantastic meal where you choose your portions and items in a sort of strange combination of a steakhouse, tapas place and buffet. . . Desert was also quite good. They have a nice variety to choose form and the care and quality in the desert is at the same high level as the main courses. . . The service is generally excellent, the staff is on top of things and the decor is nice. My one and only complaint (and the reason its 4 instead of 5 stars) is the bar. My wife and I tried the bar and to our chagrin we found that the bartender did not know the recipes nor displayed any kind of personality or skill in making the drinks, even after she used the book of drinks itself to make what we ordered. Both of our drinks were slightly incorrect and the bartender seemed to have no motivation to double check her work, or interact with us further than hearing what drinks we wished to have. . . All that said, its going to be a bit expensive. Don't expect to have a meal for two without dropping $100. It is certainly worth it, though. Avoid the bar, order your drinks at the tale, and enjoy an excellent level of meats and side items.
They have the best lemonade here (it is a slushy consistency)!  The service is always excellent and the salad bar is definitely more than just that.  I love the wide selection of items that are available including the scalloped potatoes and lobster bisque.  Of course, the endless cuts of meat are pretty tasty.  I suggest the parmesan chicken!  I have never left this restaurant feeling less than full.
this past time wasnt nearly as good
Food is great, floors looks dirty, restrooms ok, great service
upon entering Texas De Brazil the atmosphere is beautiful, seating is a little close together yet still comfortable. I had a reservation prior for 8:00PM and was not seated until about 8:30PM the server was great swell as the meat men that come by. they are on top of making sure they come by your table if your card is "green" the meat is filling and salad buffet is fresh. The price is o.k I would only come when they have specials going or if it is an occasion.
The customer service here is amazing! I wish I had the name of our waitress, she was a short, blonde girl. Very perky and helpful..    The price at TdB is a bit expensive, the bill came to be $120. But the atmosphere was pleasant, and the experianceis fun. You def must love meat if youre here or it is not worth coming! The salad bar is delicious as well.
Oh yeah!!! The first time I hit this place was like a meat lover's personal Heaven!! I like everything about it, the servers are quite friendly and knowledgeable about their selections of food, and wine. They are so helpful with your questions. This place is an All You Can Eat, The meats are brought to your table so you never have to get up, unless you want something from their salad bar which has, cheeses, cold cuts, soups, rice, sushi, fruits, and veggies. They give you a round card, one side is green for them to keep coming with meats, and the otherside is red to stop them from coming if you're finished or to take a break. And my most favorite dessert there is their chocolate cake. Sangrias are great too. I you like meat, is the place to eat!!
Having frequented "Barbacoa" in Tokyo, Japan, which has a very similar concept, I was both impressed and disappointed with Texas de Brazil. . . Impressed - salad bar was superb with a lot of high-end offerings. . Disappointed - Meat selection was good, but have seen a more extensive and better offering from Barbacoa in Tokyo. . For a price of $46 dollars per person, you get what you come for and it's a fun experience for those who have never been. With 2 drinks, a dessert and 2 plates, our total bill came to about $130 dollars + tip. Not too bad considering the premium the strip normally places on it's restaurants!
I absolutely love meat and this place is perfect for me. Although I wished they would have more choices of steak, the other meat options were good. One thing that really caught my heart was how great the customer service is. The servers are very polite and professional. One of them kept insisting of the notion "ladies first" and treated me before the boys. It's nice to see chivalrous behavior.
None of these places have chicken hearts which is a staple at a true Churrascaria.  Hard to screw this format up really except when you mess up the meat.  The meats here were all done pretty well, the only complaint I has was the picanha which was dry for some reason.  Plus, they only have 6 kinds of meat which felt light.  After 10 minutes, it felt like they were bringing back the same thing over and over (which they were).  They have the flank (the best cut here in my opinion), picanha, sausage, filet, lamb and bacon wrapped chicken, that is literally it.  Also, the waiters keep wanting to cut off the ends, I had to tell them I like it rare and to cut me a middle piece (no big deal).  The service was good and the salad bar was plentiful.  It's a bit loud but these places always are.  I'd probably go back but it's a little light on the meat selections.
Really good food and excellent service. I have been to a few places like this but never had meat come so quickly. Would have been 5 stars if they had more unique meats. Salad bar looked okay, but I never actually ate them. The garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas that the brought as sides were amazing!
Meat mayhem!! . . We had a meal with a big group, so we were able to have a semi-private room off the side of the bar.  Our waiter was very personable, friendly, and efficient.  I was especially impressed when he checked on us mid-way through our meal to ask if we'd like any particular meats sent over.. . The food was indeed good.  I didn't go crazy with the salad bar, but I enjoyed the lobster bisque (very smooth, no chunks of lobster), the shrimp, the chilled asparagus, the mushrooms, and the potatoes au gratin.  The sides were also quite tasty, although I preferred the bananas over the garlic mashed potatoes. The bread was delicious as well. . .  The meat was very, very good!  I enjoyed the filet, the lamb chops, everything that was wrapped in bacon.  I will say that it does tend to be rather highly salted, so this is not a place you'd want to go if you're watching your sodium!
This place is fabulous if you're a carnivore. They start you off with mashed potatoes, fried bananas and brazillian cheese bread. I hate bananas but these taste fantastic. From what I can recall they serve Filet Minon, skirt steak, flank steak, pork ribs, beef ribs, Parmesan chicken, chicken breast wrapped in bacon and pork tenderloin. . . After a while the beef gets to you and that's when the salad bar comes to play. Their desserts are fantastic as well. I definitely recommend the pecan pie but make sure it's hot. Their cheesecake is very good as well.
Do not waste your time or stomach capacity with the salad bar! Go straight for the "meat and potatoes!"
The salad bar is fresh and delicious, if you can't say no to meat prepare of the meat sweats, although the meats are fabulous. Definitely a must on the Vegas list.
My husband and I really enjoyed our meal here. As previous reviewers have said, the salad bar is amazing, much more than just salad. One very Brazilian item and a personal favorite of mine is the hearts of palm. They really are hearts of a palm tree, slightly pickled and very tender. . . They also have cauldrons with different soups, and the national dish of Brazil which is called 'Feijoada'. Feijoada is basically a black bean stew with different kinds of meats, typically spooned over a scoop of white rice. Very savory.. . I believe the entree, though it is all you can eat, is a bit overpriced, but the food was good, the service was fine and I'd definitely come back here.
The best brazilian steakhouse in the U.S. in my opinion!! I first went to Texas de Brazil in Chicago and I absolutely loved it. I also went 3 times to the Las Vegas restaurant and the quality is just as amazing as the one in Chicago. Food is very good, well presented, the salad bar has a lot of variety, the rice and beans are very well done and the BBQ is just right! The papaya and cassis and the flan desserts are the best! Everything is awesome in this restaurant. I am giving only 4 stars because I miss the chicken hearts. I true brazilian restaurant would serve chicken hearts as part of the BBQ menu. Other than that, this place rocks! I wish we had one here in Northern California!! I'd go there all the time!
Was in town for a basketball tournament and our team decided to have a team dinner here this year which turned out to be a good call for a bunch of carnivores.. . Great ambiance.  Walked through the doors and felt the classiness of the restaurant.  Bar was a good size to wait for your table and watch some games (especially if you had a parlay card still alive).  Separate rooms for private parties.  We had a party of 14 so gratuity was automatically included (18%).  Started off with some of the best lobster bisque I've ever had in my life!  Went back for 3 bowls!  Never had couscous until here and that was also very delicious (had it today at souplantation for lunch and theirs was dry).  . . The meat was great.  Filet, Flank, Top Sirloin, Bottom Sirloin, Garlic Sirloin, Garlic Chicken, Veal and others were part of the selection.  Service was fast and great.  Sometimes too fast.  Reason why i said that is because i flipped over my card to say "No Thanks" for no more meat but they kept coming by and ask if i wanted Top Sirloin.  I know they are just doing their job but i had my card flipped.  The funny thing was though is that it was only Top Sirloin and not Flank or Filet.  A gentleman did come by and did ask me personally if i was waiting for something in particular and it did eventually come.. . One thing that i have to note that didn't bother me because i was with a bunch of guys was the noise.  Apparently, a man was complaining to management that him and his date was pissed off at the table next to them which was loud.  it so happen to be that the table next to them was a bachelor party.  So to note, it can be loud and you can be next to a bachelor/bachelorette party which can happen anywhere in Vegas.. . Overall,  awesome place.  This place is like a 4.8/5 stars.
I went to Texas de Brazil for my birthday. All the food was high quality especially the meat. There was no wait to be seated at all. They kept the drinks and food coming. Their water was excellent and the meat was well cooked. The only issue I have is that the price was a little high, but it was worth it.
Went to this place to celebrate my birthday with my wife and my 5 year old daughter and everything was great when it came to the food. The meats are well seasoned and done to taste great. The drinks and the side items were real good as well. Everything was great but it could have been perfect if I had not been charged full price for my 5 yr old when the TDB website clearly states that children 3-5 are only $5. That and the fact I do not like to argue over a check when I have the money to pay was the only reason why I gave this a 4 star rating when it could have easily been a 5+. Overall I would definitely say that I will return and hope that all wait staff are trained properly on the pricing per age, I'm sure my 5 year old can eat a lot but nothing compared to the appetite of a adult.
I freaking love Rodizio Style Brazillian Churrasco! Texas de Brazil is tasty and the service is phenomenal. Don't overload on the orgasmic cheese bread or the freshtastic sides because the MEAT is where it's at! My favorites are the bacon wrapped filet, flank, and the ribs.. . The only downside to this spot is that they don't do the rodizio pineapple that they have at most other Brazillian bbq spots and the fried banana is soft all the way through instead of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Those things are minor in the grand scheme of things.. . This is a great spot for a large group, or just for a date. The ambience justifies the price. If you're looking for a less trendy rodizio experience check out YOLIES on Paradise. That place is LEGIT!
I like meat. I like red meat. And I love TdB! I can never eat a huge chunk/slab/filet of meat on my own. So the fact that the gauchos come around slicing a piece of perfectly roasted sirloin or Brazilian sausage or even pork is perfect to me. Combined with their huge salad bar with over 50 choices and the rice....touched with a saltiness and herbs that I can't describe. It's just all delicious!. . It is approximately $50 per person for dinner but imagine dining at a regular steak house for one appetizer and one entree. You would pay just about the same for a premium slab of meat so why not do a buffet. You get variety of fresh meats and veggies.. . Just don't forget to fill up on their cheese bread! I would order take out on just that with it's warm cheesy ooey gooeyness (and I have).
If you're a carnivore, come hungry. . . First time for lunch, before it has always been for dinner! . Had  the lobster bisque, tasty, but I have had better, one that has lobster meat and  that didn't taste so salty. . That seems to be the theme here, especially on the meat. . . The salad bar is outstanding, all the great things you love in salads but don't always splurge on them. Roasted peppers, caper berries, blanched asparagus, a variety of mixed salads & Imported cheeses and meats. All delicious!. . Now onto the meat, the great thing, is you can experience all the flavors of tender juiciness with just small bites. You can tell the gauchos to cut a thin piece for you and they will... . . My favorite is the top sirloin, this is what they are known for, followed by the flank steak. Yes, they make it tender. Lamb chop - cooked perfectly, BBQ pork rib great... . The parmesan chicken looked good, but I did not want to fill out on chicken orsausage. . Sides of garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed bananas are included... . . For dessert we ordered Key Lime pie and Chocolate Mousse cake, unfortunately these are not made daily, and you can tell it had been frozen. . . Service is great, atmosphere is nice and food is good! You don't leave hungry, and trust me after eating there for lunch... no dinner tonight...
MEAT.. ON. . SWORDS.. . Everything should be delivered on a sword. I'd eat salad if it came on a sword.
I would NEVER pay full price and come here.. I will however come with a BOGO coupon eat happily and leave satisfied but maybe that's because I'm not much of a meat eater... So remember to sign up for their mailing list and they will send you a BOGO coupon for your birthday & anniversary~ andif you just go on any other day make sure to at least get a coupon for a free dessert! . . I always make the mistake of getting full at the salad bar with their lobster bisque, cheese, veggies, etc... OH & their cheese bread, oh man, once you pop you can't stop. As for their meat I think the quality is just OK nothing really stood out to me or melted in my mouth but I really do like the fun interactive concept with the gauchos walking around~ . . Con: they serve their soda in those individual little mini bottles which means no refills.. Boo!
The cuts of meat might be slightly better than Fogo (especially the lamb) but the down fall to this place are the caipirinhas. They make them here with fruit puree or concentrate instead of fresh fruit. Still a great meal and time, but if you are looking to place emphasis on the drink menu this is not the place, you will taste the difference.
It has been said that there are only two Brazilian Steakhouses in Vegas worth going to.  This is of course correct...and Texas de Brazil is one of them.. . I would give them 5 stars if only comparing them to other Brazilian Steakhouses.  To be fair though, there is better steak available in Vegas at this price--just not all-you-can-eat!. . Texas de Brazil does a solid job with their meats.  Their steaks are seasoned and cooked soundly and they put forth a good quality for the price, not just the AYCE standard.  Any fan of meat will be pleased with the great balance of quality and amount of what you are getting for this price!. . One of the areas that Texas de Brazil outshines some of the other Brazilian Steakhouses though is in the salad bar...lobster bisque?...yes please!  The salad bar is a mini buffet of salads and great sides!  I know people that happily come here for the salad bar (it is cheaper just to do the salad bar)...though that doesn't make sense to me.. . Texas de Brazil also has a nice wine list with some exception bottles in the $40 - $60 range.  Lots of good value here!...especially in malbecs, other South American varieties, and some Spanish bottles.. . Don't come here for the best steak around, but do come here when you want a lot of really good steak!
Loved this place!! Loved the salad/sides bar, great choices. I loved the different meats being served table side. The only bad thing I found was that the temperature of the different meats seemed to vary. Some meats would be piping hot, others warm, others too cool. My favorite was the pork tenderloin, which surprised me. My husband and I ate here on a whim, we're new to the area, and were actually looking for Claim Jumper. :P The downfall to that, was the 45 minute wait. We sat in the bar area, and I had one of their specialty drinks, that was so small, I think I finished it in maybe 2 minutes or less. I wouldn't bother with it again. I would suggest making a reservation if you can to minimize wait time.. Some of my favorites from the salad bar are, the grape and gorgonzola salad, goat cheese, basket of crispy bacon, buttery white rice, fresh tomato slices piled high, and the blue cheese dressing is devine.. Definite perks, they offer a 15% MILITARY DISCOUNT, which my husband and I really appreciate. They also have an email club, which provides valuable coupons when you sign up and for your birthday.
2nd time i ate here. made reservations for sun evening. table was ready upon arrival.. 1st time a friend took me here to try it out. it's a typical brazilian bbq meat place. all sorts of meat cuts. bonus is to try all the different meats offered and then have additional servings of your fav(s). the down-size is beverages and desserts are not included. dinner price per person is around $48. if you're creative, sign up for their bday e-club. BOGO helped. we used the coupon on this trip.. the lobster bisque soup was yum!. we ordered dessert. i had the key lime pie. which had the right amount of citrus-lime combo after a heavy protein meal. friend ordered creme brulee. her dessert was disappointing. they used artificial vanilla flav. there were no vanilla bean seeds in the cream.. the soup and salad bar is included but dont fill up on rabbit food. you've come here to grind on meat. THINK CARNIVORE when you come here! definitely will return to TdB
People are not kidding around about this place!  It is a crazy experience to have meat carted around you on a sword and then cut to order.  I loved every minute of it and the minutes went by very quickly as I became full in about 20 minutes.  That might've had something to do with us sitting at a table right by the ktichen where the food was coming out.  First Served!  Flank Steak, Pork Tenderloin, Filet, Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Beef Ribs.  All of it so delicously seasoned and mouth-watering.  I couldn't believe how good some of this food was.  And they do not stop bringing it to you until they see the meat sweats coming down your forehead.. . I have lived in Henderson for over 5 years and always thought this place was too pricey.  My brother was in town for his Bachelor Party and was insistent on going.  My wife and I sucked it up and paid the price and boy, was it worth it!  The service was top notch and, as I mentioned about, so was the food.  My only critique is that the "Salad Bar" wasn't everything others had made it out to be.  It was more like a "Side Bar" and there really wasn't much in the way of salad/toppings.  That may seem silly but when you're stuffing red meat down your gullet, you want some salad to take away some of the pain.  . . A great place that I can't wait to go back to.  Very delicious food and they have a club you can join to get offers in the mail/e-mail to take away some of the financial sting.
First timer. Went here for my anniversary. Loved everything about it. Our waiter told us how everything works. She recommended a delish cocktail that wasn't on the menu. And then we started. We didn't fill up our plates with the salad bar because we wanted to save for the meat. Lobster bisque was so good! I loved the garlic taste in the mash potatoes. I tried the spicy tuna roll, cucumber salad, shrimp salad, potatoes au gratin, smoked salmon. Let's just say I tested everything and it was all so good. All the meats were so juicy and tender. Don't be afraid to tell them how you like the meat prepared. They have it all! We had such a nice anniversary dinner. . We were so full, we couldn't even eat dessert. And that never happens! There is something different  about a full stomach of meat though lol  .  I'm not much of a meat eater, but this is place you definitely have to try once! Pricey, but not as bad as I imagined. I mean common you are getting unlimited meat! For 2, one cocktail, and a military discount, we spent 120 including tip. Sign up for there mailing list, and they send you coupons and discounts.
The first time I came here I thought this place was EFFFFIN phenomenal!!  Though this is truly a meatlover's paradise, the salad bar itself is enough to knock your socks off.  We got a prime table in the middle of the action.  ALL the meats were absolutely delicious.  We had zero complaints.. . The second time I came here we were sat in the very back in an almost separate room.  I feel like they sat us back there and then forgot about us.  The sad part was that my boyfriend and I were celebrating our half-year anniversary. LOL.  Anyway, the meats rarely came to our table and we ended up having to ask our server to send some our way.  It also didn't seem to be as delicious as the first time I went.. . The THIRD time wasn't quite a charm, but it was a vast improvement from the second.  Our table was great and the meats kept coming.  I got to try the fall-off-the-bone ribs that I didn't get to try on my previous visits.  That is my all-time favorite, other than the bacon-wrapped filet. The picanha is also so amazing here...tender, juicy, medium rare.  It's melt in your mouth delicious.. . I wasn't a fan of the lamb OR the flank steak at all.. . My favorites include: Parmesan chicken, bacon-wrapped filet, picahnha, ribs, and sausage.  YUM YUM YUM!
Never been too Brazilian Steakhouse before so was looking forward too the whole meat on skewers all craved table side or literally in front of you. MEAT more MEAT more MEAT. If ever need of serious overload of protein or just want go straight caveman style they have just about everything think of even Ribs (yes one meat that not on a skewer). I did my best too try little of everything but in this AYCE that tall order. The meats that did stand out was the sirloin it had nice flavor (I got first cuts on fresh skewer so had nice medium rare), chicken pram, and enjoy the sausage. Couple of the meats not really fan of was the short rib just found it too fatty and not very good. The chicken wrapped in bacon was just about dried out piece of meat can imagine. I would think wrapped with bacon keep the moisture in but every bite need liquid just get it down. Yikes! There is more then enough different meats that if not so wow one always another one too try. The salad bar REALLY enjoyed! I loved the clean look of it! Most buffets it can be overcrowded comes too selection and really nice break is things still presented top notch, spacing between see the selection, and clearly see the labels on each dish. I like the caesar dressing. The soups never had room for but little taste ofthe lobster bisque. Solid. . . The service was well done. Once got going if button not saw green no worries about lack of meat on ones plate. One things notice thinking run down the skewer too the very end before they start new one. They do excellent job of bringing fresh skewers of meat. All the servers you see with multiple servers since so much meat too dish out. All really great and makes the whole gimmick or little show that much more enjoyable.  The management very much present checking up making sure everything going well. . . I think the interior had wow factor that never tell from the outside of the building. I enjoyed the huge flower arrangement on top the salad bar. The whole interior decor is upscale vibe. The price is upscale for SURE. I think crazy too pay $40 something dollars for lunch! It different type of experience something think everyone should try least once in life!
I enjoyed this place significantly more than the Brazilian AYCE establishments in the SF Bay Area. Although the location is not ideal in terms of proximity to the hotels and "center" of LV  the service and food was top notch. We had a large party and they took care of us well. All the meats , sides, salads and Lobster Bisque were outstanding.
This is my third try at a Brazilian experience and my first thoughts drifted to where Texas fits into the rank of Fogo de Chao (many locations) and Churrascaria Plataforma (New York). I would say Fogo and Texas are tied for first place experiences for different reasons.... . Fogo seems to have a better salad bar experience whereas Texas seems to do better with their meat selection. For service Texas wins out easily. The waiter that took care of us was very attentive which worked well for us as the location of our seats seemed to be on the end round for the carvers. Thus, it was somewhat quiet waiting for carvers to walk by but when we asked for something specific they were there instantly.. . The bottom line is if you love Fogo de Chao take a break and give Texas de Brazil a try. I cannot place one above the other but it sure is enjoyable to try.
I go here ALOT....... . It ain't cheap, so I usually get some type of discount deal or go for lunch. Love the salad bar, great (but very salty) choices. Best salad bar in any Brazilian place I tried.... . Garlic sirloin kicks ass, as does the filet mignon. Beef ribs are great too..... . Can't go wrong here for food quality, but keep in mind EVERYTHING is loaded with salt. If your drinking and having desert the tab gets up there pretty quick too.. . Worth the trip if you never had it.
I love this place! I just wish it was so darn expensive! I have eaten here at least 6 times since moving to Las Vegas. I typically try to save my visit for lunch, a discount deal, or the wonderful complimentary birthday dinner when you are accompanied with a paying guest.. . The staff here are always friendly and professional. Makes the experience all the much better when visiting. Note when you leave the table they are quick to redo the napkins. Drinks never go half full. They are very attentive.. . My favorite cuts of meat are the lamb, steak, and chicken parm.. . The salad bar is quite large but I've seen larger. Let's be honest though....who visits a Brazillian Steakhouse for the salads?? NOT ME!!
When is California going to have one!  I've been to the Las Vegas and Orlando restaurants and has never disappointed.  Where else can you get all you can eat Filet Mignon?  The service is excellent.  The meats just keep coming and coming.  If you have your own favorites, let the waiter now and he'll make sure you get plenty of your favorites!
Great meat! I just wish it was a more intimate affair with the servers. Other than that. Good food!
One word. Unbelievable.
There are two ways to look at this.  The food and dining experience was fantastic.  I loved the salad bar, the meats, the rolls with butter cooked into them, the servers were polite and on top of their game and just the overall dining experience was something unlike most anything else I am used to.  That being said, I still cannot understand why it cost me and my wife over $100 to eat there.  Total tab came to $120 which was only for 2 dinners, 1 coke, and a water and included tip.  I understand that the variety of meats you can get is unlike other places, and that it's all you can eat, but for me that's not worth the price.  I am NOT a huge guy, fairly skinny actually at 6'2" and 160lbs.  So I can usually eat a steak, some mashed potatoes, and veggies and I am full anywhere else for about $20.  So I don't really benefit from spending $60 per person on basically the same meals just a more variety of meats rather than 1 larger portion of 1 meat.  I am torn between 3 and 4 stars, but went with 4 because everything else was fantastic.  Unfortunately I don't plan on going back unless for the lunch price which is substantially cheaper for the same thing simply because I cannot afford to spend $100 on meals very often.
Ate here on 5/18/13 with 5 others for a birthday. Gotta say, food was really good. My favorite was the flank steak. So juicy and cooked perfectly. Mushrooms were also tasty. Chicken was just ok. To be honest, when you come to places like these, skip the chicken and only order steak. Pay for what you get. You can order chicken anytime, anywhere. That's just me. The Sangria was probably the best I have tasted.. . Service was top notch.. . Overall: B+
I've eaten at two Brazilian steakhouses on the strip and was terribly disappointed; I was skeptical of Texas de Brazil, but after so many praises our friend finally convinced us to give this churrascaria a try. I'm not often a fan of chains, but Texas de Brazil won us over.. . The salad bar is a meal in itself. I love the Italian meats and cheeses. The couscous was excellent and a nice palatte cleanser. The asparagus provides a healthy dose of greens. Everything looked fresh and appetizing. I'll have to sample more items next visit.. . At the table, the sides of mashed potatoes, fried bananas and cheesy bread bites are tasty as well. They help dull the saltiness once the meat parade begins.. . We wasted no time and let the feast get underway. Since it was our first visit we sampled a bite of every offering. Once we found our favorites; we stuffed ourselves silly on lamb chops, leg of lamb, parmesan crusted pork loin and medium rare filet. All were the perfect temperature, well seasoned and tender. . . If only I could travel with a second stomach! Instead, we had to call it quits before the meat sweats left us comatose. We are such gluttons, we chose the chocolate layer and carrot cake for dessert. Both were large portions easily shared; moist and delicious, but the chocolate layer cake was the better dessert. The dark chocolate layer is so decadent and it's the perfectly sweet end to the meatacular evening.. . Dress in your fat pants and bask in gloriousness of being a carnivore.
4.5 stars!. Thank you TdB for sending those coupons for your birthday. I certainly did take advantage of this, but I must admit I was afraid our server wasn't going to treat us as well just because only 1 of us was a paying customer.  Contrary to belief I was wrong because our server was absolutely great. I think the table to server ratio is rather small because she was rather attentive to the point she looked bored sometimes because she wasn't doing anything. She kept our table clean and would offer to grab us new plates when needed. She asked a number of times if there was a certain meat we wanted. And soon enough there was a gaucho to serve us our request. On to the food, we all know there are two major competitors for Brazilian Steak houses in town and I must say I believe the meat here taste way better. The quality was absolutely superb. I enjoyed the array of meats because it was tasty and moist. My favorites were the picanha of course and the RIB (beef), I honestly thought it was going tobe like BBQ ribs, but the cut was prime rib and boy was that good. Even the bacon wrapped chicken was good. Cannot wait to come back here for another special occasion. Highly recommend!
There are so many reviews about TBD. And I can say its wonderful. Simply delightful- a magical place full of meat, all kinds of meat- beef, lamb, chicken, pork- seasoned and grilled, wrapped in bacon..... for dinner this feast will run you $46.99, and its worth every penny. . . the salad bar is spectacular- sometimes for lunch i go just for the salad bar. A lovely assortment of fresh and grilled veggies, cheeses, salami, OMG THE POTATO SALAD- BEST POTATO SALAD EVER. The sauteed mushrooms, lobster bisque, scalloped potatoes- need i say more? go try eat. be marry.. . and ask for extra plantains- I promise you two is not enough. ENJOY.
You could go from hungry to meat-comatose in under an hour.. . Diners are to New Jersey as Buffets are to Las Vegas.. Texas de Brazil brings rodizio to a part of the city most familiar with cafeteria-style buffets. It's a neat twist.. . The first thing I must mention is a no-brainer: SIGN UP for their e-club. You get a buy one get on free coupon and you also get one for your birthday (they DO not give you a BOGO coupon for your anniversary anymore - they stopped doing it :( you just get a free dessert coupon).. . Personally, while I would definitely consider myself a fan of TDB, I am not a fan of paying full price. Every time I've been here ( I'd say at least 7x), I've used a coupon. I'm a great tipper for great service so if my husband and I were to go sans coupon we'd be looking at least a $120 total out the door.  My body can only take so much meat in one sitting for full price value. At that price, the expectation is on a whole new level and I would be writing a different review.. . The second thing I must mention is that TDB's service is almost always 5 stars. The service staff is consistently attentive, considerate but most of all helpful. . . And then there's the food. Obviously this is a major meat fest. I enjoy rare to medium rare meat so it's total mooing heaven for me when the gauchos come by. The sirloin, the FLANK!, the filet mignon -- these are just a few of my favorites. My husband is medium-well person so he used to pass on some items BUT - all you have to do is let your server know and they can accommodate. If I didn't mention the Brazilian sausage & the cheese bread he loves so much I think he'd be mad at me so -there I said it.. . Some meat pieces closer to the outside of the meat will be more saltier than others. I could see how some would take issue with the sodium but I'm fine with it. . . I personally do not like to fill up on the salad bar, but I do make sure I have at least 2 bowls of lobster bisque and a handful of shrimp to complement some of my meat selections. The lobster bisque is just a creamy soup - no lobster pieces but it is quite yummy all the same. My first time here, I made the mistake of having bowl after bowl (after bowl after bowl) and left very little room for the meat!. . All in all I think this is definitely a place worth checking out. Come hungry, leave full of meat.
This all you can eat meat buffet was nice.  For the money, I would rather go somewhere that I don't have to get up and go to the salad bar.  The salad bar was great too.  I'm not trying to knock this place at all.  I would just prefer a place like Gallagher's if I am going to spend that much money for steak.
This was not our first visit to TdB. In the past, their food has been to die for, but for some reason- this time it was just OKAY. . . This is a great place to go on a date or with a group of adults. We've gone with our two children and they don't eat much there, except for some of the meat. Their "buffet" dishes include smoked salmon, olives, etc.- none of which are kid friendly. I'm not asking for a typical Vegas buffet, but a few more options would be nice. . . Will we go back? Probably, but not as a first (or second) option.
First time there with my Mother and her Fiancee, it was a great experience, except for two problems:. . The Fiancee grabbed some shrimp from the salad bar, but they were bad tasting and bad smelling.. . Mother said the skirt steak was insanely over salted.
This place has great food and service.  It tends to be very busy and it is important to get a reservation if you can.  The salad bar is awesome BUT don't fill up on it as you will not want to miss out on the meats.  The only issue I have with Texas de Brazil is that it cost about $46/person.  But if you compare it to a top-end steak house and you order soup, salad and steak it is pretty comparable.
I am sure it gets better... And when it does, I will let you know. UNTIL THEN this place was Fantastic. . . Awesome service, Portuguese speaking staff, food was fantastic and a classy environment. We got there just as they were closing . With a few tables left they seated us and never rushed us. Food assortment of meat was excellent and cooked to your desire. salad bar was fresh and well stocked. . . A fantastic dinner in Vegas, thank you !
Good food! If you like meat, this is a great place to go! So delicious, well seasoned! The salad bar has a wide variety of things! So much to choose from and staff is always knowledgable and friendly. Definitely go hungry though, for the price you want to make sure you get your moneys worth. Just for two, not dessert you'll be looking at over 100. But it's definitely worth it!
My fiance took me here for my birthday. So delicious and a fun concept! I have never eaten so much meat. Would've loved to try dessert but was too full. 4 stars because this place is indeed over priced. Will be back but only for special occasions.
My dad took My Boyfriend and i to come eat here , it was delicious .. Im a meat lover . Mouth watering meats. One of the servers with the lamb had a snotty attitude , which we didn't like at all. he noticed and changed his attitude immediately .
Trendy decor, energetic atmosphere, great service, phenomenal fried plantains as salad bar but the meat is slightly on the salty side. Still one of our favorites because of the salad bar and fried plantains.
I love Texas De Brazil.  I love the atmosphere; the service; the food; the salad bar and the whole nine yard.  The ambiance and the decoration are definitely modern.  It creates a mood to consume a large amount of meats.  The Brazilian servers dance around you with "sticks of meats" and they don't stop until you throw in the towel - in this case, turn your little card over to the red side to show them that you have had enough.  . . I always have fun at Texas De Brazil and will always return for a good time.
This place is solid. I had never had a meal like this. Fresh meat just keeps on coming. It is pricey for 4 of us it was $235. With that being said I would eat here again. I really liked the chicken and Filet mignon.
Excellent gourmet salad bar and skewer meets. Expect to pay $46 per plate. Filet mignon is to die for!
So, they offer a free meal here for your birthday if you sign up for their enewsletter. Who am I to say no to free food, so I came here  to take full advantage of the fabulous deal.. . We came here to celebrate my birthday and dad a great evening. We were seated quickly and surprised by how busy the restaurant was on a Monday evening.. . Our waitress was very attentive and gave us the whole spiel about where everything f was and how the process works. We started with the salad bar. Pretty good. The soup was nothing special, so steer clear of that. . . On to the meat. Lots and lots of meat. The good thing about coming in with a coupon was that I didn't feel compelled to overdo it with food. My tummy thanked me for that afterward. . . The stars of the show are the picanha and lamb chops. The beef ribs and top sirloin were solid too. Service was amazing. Very friendly and attentive. Plantains were replenished regularly. These were probably my favorite part of the meal. . . All in all, a great meal was had by all and we will definitely be back for future birthdays with coupons in hand!
I fell in love with Churascaria when I went to Texas De Brazil about 5-6 yrs ago. Great chain restaurant, consistent, always great service, food amazing, salad bar has endless selections. Lobster Bisque, is honestly what i keep coming back for. The soup is a bonus on top of great meats, so unexpected.
Always a great food experience.. Reservation was for 6:45, but didnt get seated until after 7. (-). I will forever reccomend to friends and warn to fast before eating here.
The Peruvian salad is a perpetual fave. The sirloin should not be missed.  Service is just average.  They don't bother to pick up your used plates or refill your drinks (this has happened each and every time we've been, 5+ times), but the food is so damn good we keep going back, and taking company too.  If the service was any good this would be 5 stars all the way.
We celebrated my brother's 50th birthday dinner here.  I loved the atmosphere and the awesome service.  The salad bar was fantastic. However they say don't fill up on salad..... do I listen?? Nooooo....... I enjoyed the Lobster Bisque soup as well. Once you finish with your salad, you flip your little card over to green which informs the waiter's that you are ready for the meat!  OMGosh.... one waiter after another arrive with various cuts of meat on skewers.  You have the option of  saying yes or no.  I thoroughly enjoyed the beef and chicken pieces.  I can't remember what all chose, all I know is it was very satisfying. The meat just melted in your mouth....oh and the sauteed mushrooms were sooooo good!  I honestly ate too much still full this morning! This is a great place to impress a date or  for a business dinner.
lobster bisque was ono! first time at vegas location, great service just like the aruba loc.
Bacon wrapped filet, Parmesan pork lion, Parmesan chicken, top sirloin, pork ribs, lamb chops, lamb shank, lobster bisque, grana padano, prosciutto di Parma, and much more!! How can you not love thisplace? It's protein overload!!!
First time at Texas de Brazil and I was so surprised at how overwhelming it can be.  Nick finally had to remind me to turn my card over (I forgot).  The salad bar is the best I've seen - so many selections and when I saw proscuitto, that was it for me.. . Surprisingly (or maybe not so surprising), the flank steak was my favorite.  I forget how good flank steak it, it just needs some TLC to bring out the best it has to offer.  Tender, juicy, and very flavorful!  I enjoyed the mashed potatoes as well - fluffy and salted (maybe a just a bit too much salt).. . One hitch - the wine that was brought out was the wrong vintage; it was two years younger.  We tried it anyways, and it was ok.  I don't know if there was a price difference, and nothing was offered.  Not a big enough deal to fret over it, but something to be aware of.
First time here and there was nothing I ate that was not delicious! So good!! Everything tasted so fresh; words cannot describe! Especially the deserts....  And meats and salad bar YUM.
Great meal here with friends after running the LV Half Marathon. Started things off with an ultra small plate of selections from their impressive salad bar. I need protein! Screw the green stuff. The Lobster Bisque should not be missed though. Hammerred alot of the meats especially the Lamb Chops... wow! Tip: don't forget to ask for/try any meat sauces they have - the ChimmiChurri was nice. Take your lipitor afterwards & sleep nicely...
Great place food was great and the staff was great. We had our company Holiday party here and the staff was very attentive. I will definitely return!!!
I would usually give Texas de Brazil 5 stars but for some reason, their lamb chops and leg of lamb is always overcooked, arrives med well to  well. Otherwise, this is our to go place when we crave meat (and lots of it!). But overall, always a good experience.
Service can be a little slow but very pleasant waitstaff. They had a variety of meat going around, ranging from BBQ ribs to steak, lamb, chicken, and pork. I sampled all the steak items and found the top sirloin (the non-garlic kind) to be the best. This particular item was juicy, perfectly medium rare and tasty. However, the star of the night was probably the mashed potato and the lobster bisque for me. If you have a big tummy, you may enjoy the salad bar a tad bit more. There are many delectable items there that you don't normally find in a typical salad bar. . . This isn't a place for little girls with tiny tummies. I don't know how much it costs to eat here but I probably ate about $10 worth of food. What a waste.
We walked in on time because of traffic and our table was ready so we walked in.  Luckily after our last years party we asked for a quiet spot so we could talk so we were seated in a private room (like an Atrium) behind the bar and off the main dinning area.  Extremely private and nice and quiet but with the cold spell we are having a bit on the chilled side.  Can't complain about that since we asked for a private area.. . Our waiter offered choices for water and told about the specialty drink of the house greeted us.  Caipirinha their signature cocktail, which includes fresh-squeezed lime, sugar and crushed ice. Served with any choice of Cacha Brazilian rum like liquor.  We were given the option to have it signature style and add flavor later if it is too strong or leave it as is.  It is strong but you feel it in your cheeks not in your taste buds!  So we left it! LOL. . Not my first time here so I highly recommend the salad bar and even higher recommend the lobster bisque, amazing!  Don't eat the bread at the table because meat coma comes quickly I would like you to get home before you fall asleep form both meat and bread coma! . . Once the door to our room was opened is was a free for all meat was pilled on the plates freely and soon was over run we had to close the doors to keep them out and they still kept coming.  Ugh so much good food in retrospect I wish I would have waited for the bacon wrapped filet mignon V/S the regular I didn't like the lamb much but love lamb normally and the tabouli salad and smoked salmon in Dijon mustard amazing! . . Sadly I didn't want to over eat and left happy but that meant I could not enjoy the deserts but form the look of everyone else that looked amazing!
