i really enjoy this restuarant. but does anyone else miss bobby mcgees and its maze-like interior filled with would-be actors who honed their craft as servers? and there's nothing like scooping salad out of an oversized bathtub. that's all i'm saying.
Went to Bobby Q's for dinner with some friends and have mixed reviews about their food.  . . I had their Burger and it was 5+ stars!  It was a mouth fun fest from start to finish. The meat was smokey and very tasty.  Well done, but I was OK with that. The sides of Mac and Cheese were some of the best I've ever tasted and their seasoned fries were awesome!. . My friend had their pulled pork sandwich and it was 2-3 star rating. It was bland tasting and needed lots of their BBQ sauce for flavor. Their coleslaw was also missing a flavor punch, so he added some hot sauce to help it out.  The donuts were "meh" a little too greasy and needed the tons of sugar.  Why make them if they are just "meh", your cornbread is much better!  . . Looking forward to trying their ribs, surf & turf and banana cake on my next visit!
Wow.. steaks are hand cut and very flavorful. Had the shredded pork taquitos for appetizer...yummy. The baby back ribs were smoked to perfection but a little fatty.. the sides were great. Mac and cheese for sure. The warm, soft cinnamon donuts in a brown bag was a nice finish. Service was great. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu. Great atmosphere.. Latin club next door for dancing after youve had some beers..  I definitely recommend.
Why oh why have I waited so long to come here on a Friday night? You get a a fabulous little mini buffet that has tri tip, nachos, shrimp, cheese, and its free? Oh and the drink prices? Two very strong drinks, $4.50 each? What? Are you kidding me? Tons of people which makes for great people watching, great food, good happy hour prices? Again why did I wait so long? Oh I will be back. That is for certain.
Great BBQ what more can I say.
Very Yummy BBQ here. You can smell it from the parking lot. It is in the middle of the neighborhood, but don't doubt it! You get mini donuts at the end of your meal.
grabbed a full rack of ST LOUIS RIBS and some sides at the carryout window. they were fall-off-the-bone tender -- i like my ribs a bit more toothsome but BOBBY Q's delivers on the whole tender promise. nice smokey flavor and both sauces were tangy and full flavored without being too sweet.. . the sides were tasty. the potato salad was nearly as good as mine (which is very good) and the mac-n-cheese was creamy and rich.. . the ladies at the counter were as nice as can be. next time i'm in the PHOENIX area, i'm gonna make a point of having a sit down experience at BOBBY Q's. . . maybe i'll even try the brisket and pulled pork ...
I've driven by this spot so many times on the 17 and finally decided to look it up on yelp.  Based on the mostly rave reviews my boyfriend and I decided to give it a shot.. . First off I was really excited about the mac n cheese since so many people said it was amazing.  I was severely disappointed and agree with another reviewer who said it tasted like velveeta.  I'm convinced that's exactly what it was.  The beans tasted like watered down canned baked beans.  Okay, now that the bad is out of the way let me tell you about the good.. . We ordered the Q rolls as recommended and we weren't disappointed.  Both sauces were tasty.  We couldn't decide on what to get so we went with hog heaven to try a bit of everything.  We chose the St. Louis ribs, the beef ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.  Our sides were mac n cheese, beans, and roasted corn.  We had to ask for cornbread.. . The cornbread was good, on the caky side but still good.  The roasted corn was very good, I recommend it.  The brisket and pulled pork were definitely up to par.  I grew up on both.  They weren't quite my dad's, but still worthy of recommendation.  Both ribs were fall off the bone.  I hadn't has St. Louis ribs before and I wont get them again.  They were on the spicy side, which I personally don't prefer.  The beef ribs were very tasty and I would order them again.. . After waiting for some boxes we started to look around at the other tables.  The baked potatoes look awesome, stuffed to the hilt of goodness.  They also had vegetables.  No mac n cheese or beans in sight.  We'll definitely follow suit next time.. . All in all we were pleased with the experience.  The main food was done right and the restaurant and atmosphere was great.  The service was definitely to our liking.  The 10% off from yelp was also a bonus :). . We are both huge fans of honey bears and their sauce, although as of late the ribs haven't been fall off the bone.  We are considering buying honey bears' sauce and getting Bobby Q's beef ribs to go without the sauce.
They usually have pretty good deals for two or more people.. I have been able to try just about everything from chicken to brisket to pulled pork and ribs. I loved it all. The homemade sides are a must.. Mac and cheese-YES! Usually no room for desert. Will definitely return.
I eat here twice a month because it osclose to work, but it's worth the drive from any where. It is one of the best BBQ joints I've eaten at. Staff are friendly and the service is good. I need to eat here sometime when I'm not working so I can enjoy a bevie. It's has a fun decor that is probably enhanced with alcohol. ;-)
Went to Bobby-Q for lunch and tried the sampler platter. For my platter I got the baby back ribs, ST. Louis ribs and the smoked BBQ pork with a side of mac and cheese.  My compadre got the same platter but substituted for the sliced beef brisket and pecan Cole slaw so we could both share. Before your food arrives you get two pieces of corn bread and butter and at the end of your meal you receive a sugar donut.. . By noon the restaurant was standing room only and our server was very attentive and refilled my ice tea three times. The rib meat really does fall off the bone and you can smell the hickory wood and taste the dry rubbed spices with each bite of rib which was mouthwatering and delicious. We asked the waiter to bring extra BBQ sauce so he brought us the sweet and the spicy sauce to sample.. . Baby Back Ribs (Sweet Sauce). ST. Louis Ribs (Spicy Sauce). Sliced Beef Brisket. BBQ Pork. . Bobby-Q is my favorite BBQ restaurant in Phoenix and my next favorite would be Famous Dave's BBQ or Tom's BBQ in Tempe.
Had the pulled pork, brisket and ribs. Their meat is slow smoked so it's very tender and very good. Nice atmosphere and great service also!
As we neared Bobby Q's from the rear entrance in the dark, my wife and I had to assume it was the popular bbq place by the glowing Christmas-style lights adorned on the roof and beer signs on the side of the roadhouse-inspired building, as there aren't any signs to notify potential customers of it's presence from that entrance.. . Upon nearing the building on foot, I was impressed with all of the outside seating available, complete with an outside bar and several TV's.. . We were promptly seated, as it didn't appear very busy for a Saturday evening.  The hostess and waitress were very friendly and knowledgeable.  Soon after ordering our drinks, we were given two pieces of cornbread, which were tasty and not just regular square, dry cornbread that comes from the box.. . Soon after we each ate a piece of cornbread and had consumed some our drinks, we couldn't believe it when our order arrived so quickly!  (I've had to wait much longer at Dairy Queen for food).  I got a half rack of St Louis-style ribs, which were very good, but a little more expensive than other places charge, but worth it for the quality of service and cleanliness of the restaurant.  The macaroni and cheese didn't disappoint us. It was very cheesy and pleasing to the taste buds. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they give a ten percent discount when you check-in there on yelp, which is always an added incentive.. . After finishing our meal, we were given a couple of "Thank Q's,"  which are their freshly made small doughnuts that are a nice little complimentary dessert.. . Overall, I was impressed with the restaurant and plan on returning there.  I would definitely recommend it to friends, or anyone who wants to have a good time with a large party.
Stopped by for lunch on our way to the Grand Canyon with a group of 7.  YELP didn't fail me again on this one!  Awesome 5 Star service, good quality bbq, very nice both inside and out!  I can see this place being slammed during peak hours, or at least it should be!  Definitely would make a return visit if ever back in AZ.
Navigating the parking lot and figuring out which door to go in was interesting the first trip, but once inside, I liked the decor. High ceilings with obligatory (this IS Phoenix after all) yet interesting leaf-looking fans, huge wood doors (non-functional) and unique and interesting antique pieces definitely added to the overall feel of the place for me.  I like places with some character.  Though the contrast with the more modern and trendy tables, chairs and centerpieces on the tables along with the high-energy model-slim all-in-black with plunging necklines waitstaff was odd for me.  I mean, pretty is pretty, but I'm looking for tasty food and a warm welcome, not warmth anywhere else if you know what I'm saying (that's what places like Hooters were made for, no?).  I'm a bit more low-key when I dine out, though I must compliment the attentiveness and overall service.  My iced tea glass was never empty and "to go" boxes (with Thank-Q donuts) were promptly brought when requested (eyes always bigger than stomach).. . Now - the food.  Definitely the place to go when you're craving really tender meat. The brisket is divine and they had me at pulled pork. Seriously. Meat roasted for 18 hours and I didn't have to do it myself? Heaven!! Now everyone seems to rave about the mac & cheese, but personally I am in love with the ranch beans - with pieces and shreds of brisket and pork in it. I was surprised at how tasty it was. I'd do takeout just for that.  The spinach artichoke dip was a bit high-fat for me and I had to stop after a few bites though my dining companion was happy to finish it off. Tasty but heavy.  The peach cobbler was not my choice, but I did have some and it was ok for what it was but it didn't wow me.. . I will definitely be back for more brisket, pulled pork and ranch beans, but I may just as well get it "to go."
Bobby Q's has excellent barbeque with a great atmosphere, service, and happy hour specials.  I went with a large party (18) co-workers from all over the country and everyone was extremely satisfied with their selections. The ribs and slow cooked brisket and pork were delicious and the selection excellent.  Their desserts were delectable as well (I had the chocolate cake).
Directions say address is N 27th Ave.  Don't believe it.  Regardless of which direction you are coming from, exit I-17 at 207, Dunlap Ave., and go south on the west frontage road.  When 27th splits off stay on the frontage road and the place is just ahead.  We had the whole hog, which is two half racks of ribs, two platters of meat, and three sides.  We fed three and still took a box home.  The baby back ribs were succulent and tasty, and the St. Louis ribs were almost as good, but the brisket was to die for.  Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but clearly the best in Arizona.  I will go back when I am in Phoenix.
Great food, good service. Check out the Saturday Steak and Crab special, it is yummy. I really love the roasted corn.
Had the pulled pork and Mac/cheese. Very yummy. . . Strawberry lemonade very tasty too. Nice decor/ambiance and very friendly service.. . My first official food consumed in Arizona - it was a fine choice!!!. . I'll be back!
I don't care for BBQ... but this was pretty awesome
Great food, crowded Friday night but were seated in 10 mins. Food price ranges from $ to $$$ perfect for everyone. Food was delicious great decor a must try!
My waistline theories go like this: if it's free, the calories don't count. This goes for items like free bread, butter, candies at the end of the meal and especially the free donuts they give me before I leave Bobby Qs. Those definitely do not count towards my waistline. Bobby Qs is a your run of the mill BBQ restaurant with fun (and slightly cheesy) decor, fatty yet satisfying and tasty food and overall a fun time. This restaurant is hidden off of random side streets but the catch is that you can see it from the 17. . . Like I said, the food here is fatty but pretty good. Expect BBQ food with a chain-like feel. The atmosphere is the same. In summary, if you're in the area and get hungry, this is a great option. I think it would also be fun for a low key group dinner. Plus, they serve those donuts. Yum.
The 4 stars is for Friday night happy hour only!! It runs from 4-8pm and they have an outstanding complimentary buffet! The drink specials are decent. You can get a double well drink for the price of a single, and they pour nicely. . Back to the buffet - I'm pretty sure it is only on Fri, but the buffet has tacos, nachos, fruit, veggies, and a beef brisket.
really good aged steak dinners.  good sides, excellent service.  . foofoo drinks, meh.  But I have never been disappointed by the steak. Big Fan!!!!
Have to try the brisket and the donuts.
This isn't your typical bbq place, where you wear bibs and there's country music playing and bbq sauce flying everywhere - that's how we do it in Texas. At Bobby Q's, its more formal; there's a nice ambience, there's a full bar, and you eat with forks and knives. . . The Pros:. The great service. The 10% off by checking in on yelp - yay!. The complimentary cinnimon sugar donuts at the end which are HOME MADE - dayum, those things were awesome. The pineapple drink - its a real pineapple filled with a ton of alcohol but guess what? It tastes like juice...which means its dangerous. Drink at your caution.. . Cons. Their sides could be better - The mac and cheese was way too thick and unfortunately, didn't match the rave reviews. . . Another interesting fact - there's a club next door so you can get your grub and then dance it off
Half baby back with mac/cheese and grilled veggies for $16.   Good house ale. They put sugar in the cornbread (a sin in Southern states) but it was good too.  The server brought us a small bag of fresh/hot mini-sugar donuts at the end to take home.  I can't eat them but they sure smelled great.  Service was excellent.  My faith in Phoenix BBQ was restored.  After a three day trip to AZ for business, this was my second BBQ meal.  The first one was the worst of my life but this was great.
I am not a bit BBQ fan but this place is fantastic! I didnt want to go here but my friends talked me into it. I am very surpised that I loved the food. The whole place smells amazing. Everything I have ever ate here tastes delicious. They even give you little donuts before you leave. . Friday nights they have a buffet and a DJ and music to dance to for happy hour.
great bbq.. great service. great food all around.. been back here many times. maybe one of the best bbq ribs in phoenix.
I had eaten the BBQ at the bar side on Friday nights were they have free food with a two drink minimum (diet Pepsi for me) and thought it was good. I finally made it to the restaurant side were I was told they had two smokers (a must for good BBQ). I went for the half order of baby back ribs and thought they were GREAT, darn good BBQ sauce too I must say. I got the beans and coleslaw with pecans, the beans are cowboy BBQ style, not bad and the slaw is very good, you also get corn bread that is better then mom makes, (my mom uses the box mix). One of the best BBQ joints in Phoenix for sure.
Great BBQ! Visiting Phoenix for the first time and really enjoyed the Smokehouse Burger and Mac and Cheese. Cool ambience, excellent service, and delicious food. Our server Daniel was friendly and prompt and really made our meal an enjoyable experience. Ask for him when you come in!
Found this place on Yelp while in town on business today.  Looked like the place was run down and on the way to being washed up when I pulled up into the parking lot.  Turns out that "run down BBQ shack" is the look that they were shooting for!. . The inside is another matter.  Obviously a BBQ place.  But a very nice one indeed.  Nicer and with more personality than Famous Dave's or Lucille's.  If this is a chain, it doesn't feel like it.  I sat at the bar (as I usually do when traveling).  They have indoor and outdoor seating.  Both looked comfortable and fairly well lit.  And the place is CLEAN; including the restrooms!. . The staff i dealt with was friendly and attentive without getting on your nerves.  Obviously experienced and well trained.. . I had the baby back ribs with mac & cheese, and grilled vegetables.  The ribs were meaty and tender with an excellent BBQ sauce.  Meat came off the bone easily.  I ate them with a fork with no problem.  The meal came with good cornbread and butter.  The Mac & cheese was creamy and delicious.  And the vegetables were grilled just right without being too soft.. . Don't be put off by the rustic appearance of Bobby Q's.  This is a well run restaurant that gets plenty of business.  And they should.  They have a smoker on premises, and smoke their ribs and brisket for the better part of a day.  They also dry age their own beef on premises.  I was told that the rib eye is superb.  But that will have to wait for another day.. . If you like BBQ, I just don't see how you could have a bad experience here.
Found this place courtesy of the concierge at my hotel while in phoenix on business.. . The brisket Q-Rolls are awsome as well as the ribs.  Some of the best BBQ I have had.
The last time I was here it was named something else and my waitress was dressed like a naughty cop. I was 16 then...now it has taken on a brand new face! I'm probably last to know that this place doubles as a night club.  A latin room and a hip hop club...it was amazing. I didn't get to eat dinner there so I can't speak for the BBQ but as far as the nightlife atmosphere in this area it gets 4 stars! Get there before 10, or the cover is $10 but still that isn't bad.  They have just about every spirit there, and even using the premium well is no more than 7 bucks. Will be going back real soon!!! I am still wondering how they got my number to text me specials...but i can't complain because they are sending me some good stuff.
There's Famous BBQ, and there are Pit's along with several other places coworkers and the like have dragged me to. Let's face it, when it comes to BBQ everyone has a different take, and I don't like the overly sweet, globs of sauce thrown on at the last minute, in spite of claims it been smoked for hours. I'm not that big on loud country music and I don't want to go to a Ho- Down. I'm hungry; I want real ribs with meat on the bone. Good portions, albeit, I'll order the full rack of St Louis style ribs next time. The Rib's here do fall off the bone; they have a sultry smoky flavor. Corn Bread that is probably the best you can get and Beans, we'll I might work on those, but I come for the Ribs. Bobby Q is easy to see with its big sign visible from I-17, but might not be the easiest to find the first time, once you drive into the private parking area, I feel better. Safer, it's good to read there is security, but I haven't noticed them. Then again, I go for dinner.. This is the only Rib place that makes my mouth water; the Rib's are deeply smoked and taste like someone cared because they have a passion for RIbs. The service has been just right, every time I've been there, and not too long waiting for the check. I don't mind spending time in a restaurant, but when the plate is clean I like to go. My wife can have her BBQ Chicken, but I'm there for the Ribs. Other places, I'll think about and might eat, but these are the only Ribs in Phoenix that I won't say no to or have reservations about.
Ok, I'm a BBQ fan. St. Louis, Chicago, Philly, Memphis, Texas I love em all. I have often dragged my wife on BBQ treks for hundreds of miles. With that being saidI have to begin by saying that Bobby Q has EXCELLENT BBQ. Tender, smoky and chock full o' flavor. I have been here multiple times and have never had anything that disappointed me...until last night. An event so treacherous and diabolical that it prevented me from rating them with 5 stars. The horror!. . The in-laws were in from the East Coast and we decided to take them there for dinner. Everything was smashing and up to par as usual until dessert came. Now I have to go on record as saying that I always loved the heaping pile of scrumptious peach cobbler that they serve on the dessert menu. So much so that I convinced my table of 6 to order 3 since they are usually large enough to share and stunningly delicious. Every time I go to Bobby Q I finish off my meal with it and love to complain to my wife as I waddle out of the building (in the grand tradition of glutinous American excess) that I ate too much and my belly hurt. I was looking forward to lamenting my fate yet again last night. But alas, I was in for a shocking turn of events and was dubbed a deceitful liar by the entire table. . . To my horror when the cobblers arrived, they were measly, sickly, ill-prepared portions and a pale shadow of what they were on previous visits. We were plagued with three bowls of undercooked (as in practically raw) peaches that tasted like they were straight from a can and a soggy, undercooked thin square of "crust" sitting on top as an afterthought.  This flavorless absurdity could only have been more demeaning if it were capable of speech and threw dated insults at us. It literally looked like they dumped half a can of uncooked peach slices in a bowl and threw a wet piece of thin white bread on top. All three servings were like this. Now on EVERY occasion in the past the cobbler was gigantic, actually was cooked and warm, had a delectable FULL crust and tasted like it came out of Gramma' Cobbler's oven fresh. To this peach cobbler bizarro universe doppelganger I spit at thee and thine preparer. Bah I say. BAH.. . Of course, we complained to the waitress who was nice but said she didn't know that it was any different from normal.  She went back to whoever prepared them and came back saying that the preparer said "they're the same as they always were" which either proved the preparer's incompetence or their willingness to shame the establishment with a bowl full of cobbler-like lies. Our waitress even said she talked to the manager who went back to speak with the preparer...but said manager never came out to either see the imposter cobblers or speak with us about it, which rates as quite poor customer service.  Overall, it left a dark mark on an otherwise belly -bustingly deeeelicious visit. Shame on you Robert Q, shame. . . So, I will still eat at Bobby Q. as their dinner fare IS fantastic (assuming there are no more obvious but blatently denied changes such as with the cobbler), the environment is cozy and the staff are (generally) quite pleasant. However,  I will be wary about ordering the dessert in the future and about the quality and integrity of their customer service skills. I would advise you to use the same caution.
Great atmosphere, very good bbq, crappy location, and Blue Moon on tap!. . Service was great, but we were there on a fairly slow Tuesday night.
Tuesday Night. Walked in at 830pm, left 945pm. From order to being served 15 min.. . This place is NOT a chain. Support your local Phoenix BBQ restaurants.. . One of the few places in Arizona that serves Beef Ribs. Cannot over-emphasize this point..better than Claim Jumper..not even close. Beef ribs have twice as much meat as pork ribs but are much harder to find in restaurants. . . They smoke all their meat on site and everything is super fresh. Melissa & Sawyer were fabulous and I really appreciated the 10% off for using YELP. . . The only downside is that because we sat close to the chicken rack in the back near the kitchen we wound up smelling like a campfire. However we didnt really notice this until after we left and went back to the outside. . . The cornbread starter and donut pastry ender was absolutely unexpected and refreshing. . . Beef Ribs = $22.00. 12. Oz Sirloin = $12.00. 2 Non Alcoholic Drinks. Total was $45.00 with 10% off..Extremely reasonable, high quality, totally full.
Bobby Q has being in the restaurant business down pat. When you first walk in, it seem sort of up scale. The waitress we had seemed new, but was very nice and was sure to remember everything. The food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time and was tasty. I had their Fish Fry Friday and I think the fish could have been seasoned a little more. I found myself using more of the tartar sauce because of the lack of seasoning on the fish. They do this thing with homemade donuts which I think is a great happy ended. I am the type of person that does need a little bit of sweet at the end of my meal and that was perfect.
Good stuff, I came here yesterday for the first time in a long time.  I used to go to the club here years ago and it was always a good time.  However, I just came in for lunch and ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich which was about $10.  I got a side of spicy BBQ to go with it and man was it awesome.  Service was great, atmosphere is high end for the area with a dark modern look.  I will probably going back but after drink and a tip lunch ran me about $16.
Went out on a date Friday night, again he picked the place, and it was a non-chain place, which scored him some points, but Bobby Q's gives the feeling a chain place, I have never been and I never knew about the Bobby McGee's that used to be there, I'm not from Arizona, and wasn't around during that time.   . . After I went to Bobby Q's I actually looked at some the reviews from fellow yelpers and man I am sorry I missed out on the roasted corn, I am going to have to try that next time I go!  Our server's Melissa was a good, but she got tractable, like we made bets to see how long it would take before she came back to our table to check on us, it was about every 10 mins. Now don't get me wrong I love good service, but there is a difference between being pushy and good.. . Like I have said before, Im a visual person and when I saw on the drink menu that yummy looking drink called Strawberry Qlada, I knew I had to get that, when it came to the table, it was just as beautiful in person, pinks, red, white, pineapple & cherry garish, it was a delish drink!. . The round corn breads were a sweet surprise! I love me some cornbread! And with the whipped butter, what could be better, other than drowning them in hot bowl of chili! . . I ordered the 8oz center cut top sirloin with mac & cheese, ranch beans & mushrooms & onions for my steak!   I had asked Melissa if she liked the mac & cheese and she is it was the bestselling item on the menu, oh that's good, but that didn't answer my question lol but I wound up ordering them anyways, and they were good, but it wasn't great! Yes it's made with 5 different cheese, its creamy and it's like eating velveeta mac n cheese, not my fav but if that's your thing, then it's up your alley! The ranch beans were good, it was little peppery and sweet, which is a great combo for me!  The steak was the perfect amount for me! It was cooked to perfection, it was tender and tasty! The mushrooms and onions were sauteed just right, not too soft not to hard!   . . Had I read reviews I would have known at the end of the meal they give us some sweet donuts! How cool is that! Any places that offers sweet little donuts is alright with me!
Oh my mouth-watering BBQ goodness. Ignore the sketchy neighborhood and 30 minute wait, because the meal is worth it! . My boyfriend's favorite food is BBQ-anything so I left the ordering up to him (and the choice was easy): Whole Hog Heaven - 4 meat choices plus 3 sides. Settling on St. Louis and Baby Back Ribs, BBQ Chicken, and Brisket, with sides of mac & cheese, coleslaw, and beans - he was as giddy as a kid on Christmas. I was pretty hungry too - and I had to admit the smell of BBQ wafting through the back kitchen door had my taste buds excited. The meal did not disappoint to say the least. The ribs were literally falling off the bone, the chicken was cooked perfectly, and the brisket was melt-in-your-mouth tender. All 3 sides were the perfect addition, however I do have to say that the coleslaw was my favorite, especially paired with the brisket. . What sent us over the edge of BBQ heaven were the extra special additions before and after the meal. To start us off - homemade, warm cornbread with whipped butter. To finish us off - complimentary mini donuts (yes, you heard me right).. Erg I would give 5 stars, but there was a hoard of drunken girls taking over the bathroom (there is a club attached to the restaurant?) that I found fairly annoying. Oh well.. Highly recommended and we will be going back!
I thought, silly name, can't be serious barbecue, but this is good!. . Meats are slow smoked, and arrive hot, smoky and juicy with a choice of sides and hot or mild sauce.  For a starter we had some Q-rolls, kind of a BBQ brisket taquito, with chipotle sauce.  Good start.  Beef ribs and pork ribs were tender and easily pulled off the bone.  Brisket and pulled pork were as tender as could be, with a nice pink smoke ring, evidence of slow smoking.  Excellent Mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.  Beer is plentiful and cold, service quick and attentive, and (bonus) a check in discount for Yelpers when we visited.  This is now on my list for future visits to Phoenix.
a little expensive but great food, great patio!. servers were friendly and service was fast!. we'll be back. r
Seems good so far.  We had a good time, the food was fresh.  Mary, my wife, had something she did not like and the corrected it too.  I had a side that was not warm enough (baked potato) and they swapped it out for another side dish.
Okay, hard for me to give 5 stars to a casual restaurant but I totally agree with the overall Yelp rating that this place is 4.5 stars for food.  First time visit and have been meaning to go for 10 months since moving to PHX.  I got the Baby back ribs, potato salad & grilled veggies.  Ribs were great with little fat or gristle.  Pot. salad is awesome.  Two of my friends had the fried chicken (boneless) with chicken gravy.  I kept poaching their chicken, mac cheese and mashed potatoes. Corn bread is tasty but crumbles too easily for me.  Desserts were good.  . . Definitely will be going back this summer a few times to this place.  I was in NC on vacation two weeks ago and ate at two BBQ places and they pale in comparison.
If you find yourself in the Phoenix area then Bobby-Q is your BBQ stop! This was my first experience here, but my co-workers ate here 3 out of the 4 nights we were in town! This is not an expensive joint by any means, but it is a "nicer" place than your road side BBQ stand, even nicer than the outer appearance of the building suggests. This building also hosts a trendy night club, which we did not visit.. The BBQ here was on point for sure! Everything from the brisket to the pulled pork and even the BBQ egg roll appetizer thingy's (thingy is the technical name) were all tasty and gone before they knew what happened!. On top of that the staff and facility were all top notch, helpful and cleanly!
Bobby Q has great BBQ at an reasonable price and above average portions.  You will not leave hungry.  . . Don't let the exterior of the building fool you.  It looks ghetto and run down but I think that is the look that they want.  Once inside, it looks better and again the BBQ is delicious !. . Friendly servers.  Complimentary donuts.  Yes, I'm a fan !
I have neutral feelings about BBQ but this place was great.  I was dubious as we pulled into the parking lot.  I worried we accidentally wandered into a crack den.  However, once we found the front door, I was pleasantly surprised.  Super cute inside and a nice patio I'd love to visit when it's not 110 degrees outside.  The mac n' cheese was fabuloso and our waitress was fantastic.  My salad was a little bland but that is my fault for ordering a salad at a BBQ restaurant.  My dining companions were super pleased with their plates o' meat.
This place has a really great selection of BBQ. We tried a sampler and it was all very good. Portions are very big. We ate at the bar, but we were serviced by one of the best bartender/waitress that I have ever seen. Thanks Sarah! I will return on my next trip to Phoenix!
Stopped at Bobby Q on the way to the airport from Sedona based on the Yelp reviews.  Once again, I was not let down.  It was a busy Sunday afternoon, but the service was great.  Hostess was friendly, food served efficiently and the waitress was great.  The interior is quite spacious and nice.. . The prices are reasonable for the generous portions.  We had a sampler and everything was good.  Not great, but really good.  Overall I left happy.  If you are in the area and in the mood for barbecue, I don't think you can go wrong at Bobby Q.
In these days of turmoil in the world and a rough economy, a place where you can go to feel the warm fuzzies, be cozy, and get good value for your money would be what you're looking for, right?   Well then, you have found it at Bobby Q.  And even non-carnivores can enjoy themselves.. . The moment I got out of my car the seductive scents of smokey bbq wafted into my nose.  Winding through the patio with a bit of a ramschackle look with plants and tin and who knows else (but it's all for show), I enter the inner sanctum:  spacious and with dark walls, high ceilings, big paddle fans, and a bustling atmosphere.  A cheerful hostess greets my wife and I and takes us to our table.. . The seating is comfortable, and the lighting is bright enough to read the menus but low enough to enjoy.  Our waitress, Tiffany, is a real joy.  She is very cheerful, checks on us just enough, and gets the orders correct.  She came out in short order and answers all our questions knowledgeably, and soon brings out the first golden nuggets of our meal: complimentary corn bread (they look like muffins without the tops).  They are delicious: very warm, melting in your mouth, moist, and with little pieces of corn in them.  The accompanying butter is hardly needed.. . The menu, of course, focuses on meat, but for those inclined towards other proteins, there are other options: grilled salmon and shrimp  for example.  My wife order the baby back ribs with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies.  I got the grilled salmon, grilled veggies and pecan cole slaw.  I also had the "homemade" lemonade which came with free refills.  It was refreshing, but a bit on the sweet side.. . I first got a side salad.  It was a decent size but basically iceberg lettuce with a few cherry tomatoes, croutons, shredded cheese and a little green pepper topped with red onions.  Warning: if you don't eat pork, they sprinkle bacon bits on top, which wasn't mentioned on the menu.  I got the blue cheese dressing, which didn't have lots of flavor but had real little pieces of blue cheese.. . Soon the entrees came out, and they were good-sized.  My salmon was nicely seared and with a slight crispiness outside and very moist inside, served with a light sweet sauce on top.  The grilled veggies were green pepper, onion chunks, zucchini, and summer squash, served with a light vinaigrette.  Very tasty.  The serving size was about 1/2 cup.  The pecan cole slaw was good sized, with the right amount of mayo, and topped with the nuts (so if you are allergic to nuts, they simply can leave it off).  I wound up taking home 1/2 the fish and slaw and some veggies to make a lunch!. . My wife finished off the 1/2 rack of ribs that she said just fell off the bone.  She took home some of the generous portion of mashed potatoes.  I tasted them: they were red skin potatoes with some of the skin in there and plenty of flavoring and very good.. . While we had a generous meal, we felt for the benefit of our readers to press on and have dessert.  While "Death by Chocolate" cake sounded tempting, they were out of it, so we got Peach Cobbler instead. It came in a bowl: sliced peaches topped with a light pastry that was seasoned with the warming spices of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves (it seemed) and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Along with that we received the complimentary mini-doughnuts dusted with sugar and cinnamon.  Those melted in your mouth.  Tiffany gave us both two, but they never made it home!   Oh, and the Peach Cobbler was delicious, too!. . Verdict: this is a great place for families and couples and anyone else as it is very welcoming and has great food to suit most tastes.  Except probably not if you're vegan.  I left it with a nice warm feeling all over and the thought that I would return.. . Yelpers: there is currently a discount of 10% off the bill if you mention it.
I used to drive past this place daily and have always heard great things about their food.  I remember going there when it was Bobby McGee's.  They still have the club ambiance late night and it looks pretty popping if you are into that.  We just went for the food.. . I was stoked after checking in to see that they offered a first Yelp check in for 10% off your check, score.  The food was great.  My wife had the rib platter, very tasty, juicy and the BBQ sauce was delicious.  I had a Catfish Po'Boy along with a side of Mac n' Cheese, both were great.  They have plenty of drinks and a nice selection of beer on tap.. . Thank you Bobby Q's, when I am in the need of BBQ I will be back.
I got the tasting platter (or whatever it's called for $13) and chose the Pork, Ribs and Brisket with a side of pecan slaw.. . I didn't expect a feast, and wasn't disappointed. the portions were what one would expect from a tasting platter: 4 or so small ribs, several forkfuls of pulled pork and 3-4 pieces of brisket. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the slaw. That thing had me pleasantly chowing down for more time than any of the meats I chose. . . How was the meat: the pulled pork was EXCELLENT. It was tender, juicy, and had just the right amount of BBQ sauce. The brisket was a bit on the lean side, but had enough help from the great house BBQ sauce to push that one through. When you got brisket that had a bit more fat to it, it would just melt in your mouth (that's the way brisket should be!). The ribs (St. Louis-style) were as good as everyone on here hypes them: the meat can be pulled off the bone with little to no effort. I don't recall how smokey the ribs were, but I liked them regardless and noted that the house wasn't trying to use rib-meat as a thinly-veiled vehicle for BBQ. The ribs were lightly sauced, and the strength of the preparation was, in no way, not masked by said sauce.. . For dessert, my table order a 1/2 order of the banana pudding, and a full order of the mud-pie. We *loved* the banana pudding (it's more like a banana custard atop a pecan-crumb crust), but couldn't find it in ourselves to enjoy the mud-pie. Our waitress was gracious enough to take the pie back and bring us a full order of banana pudding! What a gal!. . Simply put: if I'm back in/around Phoenix and am craving BBQ, I will not hesitate to come back here and get either a pulled pork sandwich or a full rack of ribs.
A little on the pricey side for BBQ, but the food and ambiance here are great. Looks a little more upscale on the inside than what I had expected...reminds me of something somewhere between Charleston's and the Keg. This is a pleasant surprise, especially considering the location.. . The portions are huge, definitely big enough to share (which helps with the cost) and there are probably going to be leftovers depending on what you order. I have sampled most of the BBQ on the menu and it is all delicious. They bring a carafe of mild andregular sauces to the table so there is no shortage of sweet-tangy-saucy deliciousness. Good selection of side dishes. I especially liked their cole slaw -- not too wet, not too sweet.. . The server brings a little bag of fresh mini donuts sprinkled with cinnamon sugar at the end of the meal. They are pretty incredible!!!
I occasionally enjoy BBQ but it needs to have a great smokey flavor, good BBQ sauce, and not a lot of fat incorporated into the meat. Bobby Q delivers! It looks like a dive bar on the outside but the inside has a very nice atmosphere. The tables are spacious, it's very clean, and they play good country music :) Even better, our waitress provided exceptional service.  I had the beef brisket sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese. The beef brisket was so tender that it falls apart and the mac and cheese was an indulgence that was worth the calories! I enjoyed the spicy BBQ sauce on top of my sandwich. It has a nice kick but isn't too spicy that it takes away from the flavor of the brisket. My husband had a combo rib plate (baby back ribs & St. Louis ribs) which he enjoyed a lot. He liked the St. Louis ribs a bit more than the baby backs because they were meatier and not as marbled as he had expected. He also loved the mac & cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes. Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
We were craving some BBQ, and hadn't been here in a while, so we decided to head over.  It wasn't overly crowded on a Sunday night, but it wasn't empty, either.  Hubby and I ordered the same thing, 2 meat combo (brisket and baby back ribs) with double grilled veggies--extra grilled.  For some reason, we both got the same thing, sometimes that happens.  . . First, we got our cornbread, which is always so delicious.  They serve it with butter, but you don't really need it.  Our meals came quickly (we didn't order appetizers), so we dug right in.  The brisket, as usual, melted in my mouth.  It's probably one of the best places I've ever been for brisket, and that's saying something.  I always order it wherever we go.  Also, my husband is NOT a brisket eater, but he will order it here.  Now for the ribs, I need to let you know, I'm a sweet & savory BBQ fan, definitely not spicy.  I've had the ribs before, and they were always sweet and tender, plus they literally fall off the bone.  These were like they usually are, fall off the bone and tender.  But, there seemed to be a spicier rub on them, which was a little off-putting to me.  Even my husband mentioned it, and he doesn't mind a little heat.  Neither one of us remember them tasting that way.  I dipped them in the sweet BBQ sauce, and that seemed to cool the spice a bit, and I did eat them all, but I'm not sure I'd get them again.  And, lastly, the grilled veggies, which consist of green peppers, zucchini, squash, onion and mushrooms--wonderful!!  I love the charred grill taste, and I gently dip them in the sauce.  I really adore them!. . We rarely get dessert, because we're so full.  We have taken some cobbler home before, but it's never quite the same as having it fresh from the kitchen.  Plus, they bring you each a fresh mini sugary doughnut with your bill.  These are the perfect finish to a very good BBQ meal.  They bring them to you in a bag, but to be honest, they've never made it out the door.. . The only reason I'm giving this restaurant and meal 4 stars instead of 5, is because of the rub on the ribs.  Other than that, it was a perfect meal.
Let me start by saying this restaurant is way too expensive. BBQ is supposed to be cheap and dirty. With this being said the lunch prices are reasonable. The BBQ sampler with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork with one side ran about $14. The ribs were definitely the standout of the meal. They came off the bone clean, were very tender, and had a nice smoky flavor. The pulled pork rivaled the ribs, and may have actually surpassed them in taste. The brisket was tender, but was lacking the flavor of the other two meats. It also seemed a little off in color as it was as it was much lighter than most I have had. Mac n' cheese was my choice of side and it was deliciously cheesy. I could devour bowl after bowl of that goodness. Also worth a mention is the donut they bring you after your meal. That thing, albeit small, was fresh out of the fryer, covered in sugary sweetness and an unexpectedly nice ending to a solid meal.
Still good but a bit down from last time.
Some great barbecue here. We had the pulled pork and brisket sandwiches and both were pretty much perfect. The mac and cheese is straight up magic. This place is a bit of a mad house though. Always seems to be a crowd and a bit of a wait, but their food is worth it. The staff was on point, providing great service all around. I particularly liked the dinning room atmosphere. Barbecue should be simply and delicious, and that's what you'll find here.
Amazing barbecue where they're known for their ribs and brisket. The Ribs were alright, but the brisket... delicious and tender. Corn bread served on the side compliments the BBQ cuisine but I didn't find it to be the best I've ever had; just OK. Something about the lack of heartiness of it threw me off. If you're in the mood for the richest mac and cheese you'll ever taste, grab a side. Soooo cheesy I felt like I had to take a break and eat my steamed veggies to prep my taste buds for more. Of course the french fries were tasty and mashed potatoes tasted like butter which is always a winner in my book. . The place itself is located in a bit of a weird place; you'd never think it was there. But when you find it and go inside, the overall feel is very welcoming. When you walk in you'll notice a server frying up donuts. Not sure if you grab these on the way out or what but we asked the server about it and got some delivered to our table to share. Great food and laid back atmosphere. BBQ is top notch, try for yourself.
Went Sunday night with the bf, and we shared a huge combo of prime rib and bbq chicken with baked potato and 2 sides. We opted for a 2nd baked potato and pecan cole slaw.. We ordered hot tea, and it's the cute little boxes of Revolution tea, in various flavors -golden chamomile, ginger peach, tropical green, and earl grey lavender is what we ended up with. Love all of them.. I love prime rib, and this really hit the spot. The horseradish was not that spicy though. Still tasty (we get both) but I was hoping it had more of a kick. . The bbq chicken practically fell right off the bone. the bbq sauce is one of my favorites.. Cole slaw was delicious as usual, but I didn't see any pecans.. . Stefania was our server, and she was pleasant and attentive.. . The receipts are a little tacky, showing "suggested gratuity of 18% and 20%" already calculated. Not a fan. They already tack on 20 % for parties of 8 or more, which is fine, but the 2 of us can do our own math, thanks. . . I like how versatile the table and booths are. They can easily be arranged to accommodate various sized groups, and just the fact that you can control how close you are to the table is always a plus in my book. I've been to other restaurants where it feels like you're a mile away from the table if you want back support. So it's great that this is not an issue.. . I really want to try their oatmeal cookie martini, and some of the desserts were tempting, but I don't know if I'll ever have room to try!. . A fun place to go for a celebration, a date, or family dinner.
Went to BObby q for a birthday gathering recently. We were a party of 6. I was the only one who had been before. Everyone was impressed with the place. The service was outstanding. I appreciate the fact that we were really able to relax and our server paid attention to detail. Food was great. Will be back.
Went for another visit and am raising my prior rating due to more ample servings this go around. Also, the Yelp check-in discount was good to have too!
Bobby Qs isn't the type of place I usually go for.  Its a very touristy kind place, almost like a Macaroni Grill for BBQ.  The big difference though between this place and Macaroni Grill is the fact that the food is actually really good at Bobby Qs.  The staff was very efficient and knowledgeable about the menu.  One of my pet peeves is when a staff member has to go and ask someone about a question I have about the menu.  Its pretty obvious the staff here is trained really well.  I had the ribs which were perfectly cooked.  Again though, not the type of place I go for, its also kind of has a upscale feel almost, but definitely not your hole in the wall BBQ place.
I just moved out here so trying to find good BBQ here in Phx. Bobby Q was not the best (my family is from TX so trying to beat that is hard period) but I have to say it wasgood.  The pulled pork was tender. The southern fried chicken was moister than I thought so I give them points for that one.  It was white meat. My friend said their brisket was dry so stay away from there.  Ribs were def falling off the bone.  It was too much sauce for me (I like my BBQ dry rubbed and not drowned in sauce) but it was just as tender as everyone said.  My favorite meat dish. . The sides:. 1) Sauteed mushrooms -  SOOOO good!! Whatever is in the sauce, it was so flavorful that I dipped the pork and mash potatoes in it.  Skip the sauteed onions.  . 2) mash potatoes- pretty good!. 3) grilled veggies. Nothing amazing but still good. . 4) Mac and cheese.  Cheesy. Not the best but pretty good. . . Cornbread: moist but bordering on too soft. . . Food I'd say is a 3 or 3 1/2. What really gives them points is the service.  The waitress (forgot her name ;)) did great at always checking in on us and getting us whatever we needed.  Even the bartender and possibly a manager was great.  You certainly get well taken care of here.. The waitress did recommend the peach cobbler.  When I asked her if the peaches were fresh (I don't think it's peach season right?) she wasnt sure.  Might have to take her up on it still since some people mentioned it.  Next time!
Wow...  I'm from California and we don't really have any BBQ there, so I like to indulge a little when I travel.   Last month I was in Ft Worth, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, and New Orleans.    People there  said I had to try the Salt Lick in Round Rock (outside of Austin), and it was "ok"... I thought at the time.. "ok, it's above average"... I thought maybe I didn't really have a taste for it. . . New Orleans Jambalaya can't be matched... I'll leave it at that.  I didn't try the gumbo at Bobby Q, I just thought I would be disappointed after New Orleans a couple of weeks ago.   Brisket was unbelievable, also the best I've ever had. . . I tried the 3-meat combo and had chicken, St. Louis ribs, and brisket.   All were over the top, the brisket especially.  The ribs were very large and very tender.. probably the best I've ever had (anywhere). . . Mac & Cheese is supposedly their specialty... it was good, but I've had better, it wasn't that memorable but I didn't leave any behind either.  Baked potato side ... I wasn't happy with it, seemed under cooked or something.   I usually have a salad at least once a day, but I didn't try it at Bobby Q, I assumed it wasn't their thing. . . Ambiance was excellent but I opted to sit in the patio, it was a beautiful night, but what a mistake.   It was only occupied by a work-party or something and they were rather ripped, drunk, and to the point of talking about what it's like to travel in the south as a gay man, etc... kind of crude and I wasn't interested, neither was anyone else... higher class places would have asked them to leave. (I dinged the score for this).  After the crowd had it's fill of drinking, they turned to smoking... Oh My ... Yuck... haven't seen that in about a decade... One nice thing about California... smoking is fine, as long as it's 200 feet from anyone else.  The patio has a cover that is low and curved at the sides, it held the smoke in like an airship.   After 20 minutes, I was really gagging and it made the food taste awful.   Smokers... I know you like to light up after dinner, but you don't smoke "during" dinner.  Why is that?  Makes the food taste nasty? Yes... it does... learn to be considerate and take it outside for people that are eating and paying as well.   Took any desire for dessert away, I just wanted to leave at that point. . . If not for the smoking (which should really be banned in the constrained area), and the mediocre sides I would have given it 5 stars.   As it is, solid 4 (meat was that good).
My family and I have recently discovered this place. The service is okay, but management is great. We always get a platter that they offer which allows us to try a variety of meat and sides. My preschool daughters are very picky but loved the pulled chicken. I am not a fan of the pulled pork but the St. Louis ribs are incredible and the meat falls off the bone!! The macaroni and cheese is extra, extra cheesy and delicious. The cap to the meal is the fresh donuts they offer at the end, leaving no reason to purchase dessert. To wash it all down, nothing beats their strawberry lemonade served in a frosted glass. Oh my!!! We love it.  It has been challenging to find good barbecue in AZ and this is definitely really good and worth trying.
The bbq here is pretty good, but that has been documented well by others. My favorite thing on the menu is actually the fried chicken. It's a HUGE boneless breast that is breaded in a yummy coating and although it is fried, it is not a big greasy blob. It comes with two sides, but they suggest one be the mashed potatoes and gravy. The mash is really quite good. There is a hint of spice in there that is unexpected and nice.  My only gripe is that they serve the gravy on top of the fried chicken and I have never understood why you would drench something crispy in anything that is going to eventually turn everything to a gooey mess.  The flavor is great. Just put it on the side.. . The free donuts are a nice touch, but nothing special, so save the calories and get the banana pie/pudding thing. The crust is made of crushed nuts, which is then topped with a substantial layer of bannana pudding. All of this is then topped with carmelized bananas and drizzled in carmel. YUMMO!!. . And if you like their macaroni and cheese (which IMHO) is heavenly cheesy goodness, skip it as a side and order a quart to go instead.  You will get about 8 to 10 side servings for around $6.50 and that is a HUGE savings over the sides price.. . Put your walking shoes on for the hike you will need to burn off the calories and just know going in that you have to through your diet out the window for one good meal.
Service is exceptional even when they are busy. Love their prime rib. Sides are always great. My server tonight was Tyler and he did a terrific job.
Ok I have to start off that I was initially going to give Bobby Q 3 stars until my wife filled out a Review and was responded promptly by the manager offering his apologies and a quick resolution. I was very impressed and changed my review to a 4. . . Ill start off with the decor of the restaurant. I really liked it and felt welcomed. It felt like a more upscale BBQ joint. . . We first ordered the Q rolls. These were simply amazing! They are brisket wrapped in tortilla then deep fried and accompanied by BBQ sauce and a chipotle mayo. . . We also got homemade corn bread while we waited for our entree. . . We then had a 3 meat combo.  We choose pork, brisket, and sausage. When it came to the actual BBQ I thought it was good, but not blown away great. I thought the sausage was over smoked and I'm not a fan of chopped brisket. I like my brisket cut into long pieces. The pulled pork was solid but again nothing blew me away.  I liked the man n cheese but honestly thought the garlic mash pataoes were a lil tasteless though. I added a lot of pepper to give them some taste. . . Overall Bobby's was a great place to eat. The service was outstanding, our server was Shay. The Q rolls were amazing and the food was solid. I really liked the personal customer service after my wife's review. So the only thing keeping me from a 5 star rating is the actual BBQ. I will give it another chance and would like to try the ribs this time.
An upscale BBQ place and very popular (reservations are recommended during dinner time)!  Nice decor, service was consistent, and an outstanding menu for BBQ lovers!  There is a bar with flat screen TVs and there are booths for couples at the bar area. Babyback ribs and beef ribs are made to perfection, lots of flavor, soft, and falls right off the bone.  Beef brisket was good too, sausage was ok.  A good selection of beverages, appetizers and sides as well...from mac&cheese to beans to cole slaw to grilled veggies.  Also served with complementary corn bread (yum!) and mini donuts at the end.  Large portions if you order BBQ meats, but not so much for the other dinners (e.g. fish).  Liked everything about this place except for its dinner price!
Eat here all the time!  Favorites include BRISKET!!!. . Try the Loaded Potato, Meatloaf Special on Thursdays (a little spicy), BBQ Chicken Sandwich is a great option.  Mashed potato and Mac/Cheese are best sides.. . Looking for the lighter side, the Avocado Salad with BBQ Vinagrette is awesome!
For a barbecue restaurant It is unusual to see an almost romantic setting. Bobby Q is unique in that way and several other ways. My wife is a vegetarian and there were not any entree options for her . Just side dishes which she has eaten  in the past .They started us off with there cornbread which was very tasty. I had the two meat entree with brisket of beef and the baby back ribs. My 2 side dishes were   a baked potato and the smoked baked beans which had  pieces of bacon and brisket in it. Very tasty.The brisket was a thick cut with a little barque sauce. Very tender and flavorful. The baby back ribs were so tender, I cut the meat at the bone and there wasn't a piece left on it.This was the first time I ever ate baby back ribs without getting sauce all over my hands and face. The ribs were succulent. We didn't want any desert but our waitress sent us away with these mini donuts which were warm and sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. My wife loves warm baked goods.The experience we had was very good. Bobby Q passes the barbecue test with flying colors.
Really I'd still say this place is 3 1/2 stars but since you can't do that on yelp, 4 stars it is.  Came back with some girlfriends.  Still not the best BBQ but not bad either.  As tender as the ribs are, they still don't have that great smoky bbq taste within the meat that makes bbq REAL bbq.  We got the hog heaven meal so we had the baby back ribs, st louis, pulled pork and chicken with the potato salad and pecan slaw sides.  THe pecan cole slaw was good.  . Roasted corn side was not quite what I expected as I thought it was just that.  It was roasted some but was more like small slivers of corn on the cob on top of a bunch of corn kernals.  But the sauce was tasty - probably pure butter.. We also got the fish fry special.  The fish I have to say was done pretty well.  It was a crispy batter so it wasn't overly soggy with oil.  The fish (cod) was pretty fresh tasting.. This time the cornbread wasn't as soft which I liked better.. Tried their banana pudding dessert.  It was different than what I was expecting.  The pudding was a lot thickerthan I would have liked but still tasty.  The crust though was yummy.  It was a walnut-like crumble.  Very similar tasting to the inside of baklava.. Still have yet to try their peach cobbler.  Will next time.
Great Barbeque!! Atmosphere is a bit loud. Food was delicious and hot.
Made a reservation on line for a Friday dinner, and arrived to a very packed parking lot but they had someone at the entrance assisting in the lot and we quickly parked and were at our table within minutes.  The server quickly took our order and was very helpful.  My 3 meat dish (sausage, chicken and Brisket) was excellent as was my wife's rotisserie chicken. Leftovers made a great lunch the next day.  The server was attentive and brought us our check promptly.  The gratuity guide at the bottom of the Bill is a bit tacky, but the Food and service is great!  We will be back.
The beef brisket is awesome!!! Shay, our waitress made our dinner so fun!!
Great atmosphere and great food. The "Perfect Hamburger" was truly perfect and cooked to my specification. Price was $10 and included a side of fries .
Pretty damn good BBQ.  The cornbread that comes before the meal is also delicious.  I like that it is closer to where I live, because I usually have to drive further to get to a decent restaurant.
I have seen the sign while driving and FINALLY decided to try it, glad we did.  Austin was our server and he was great super friendly and attentive.  . I had the beef brisket with mac and cheese and pecan slaw..brisket was super moist and thank goodness it was not covered in sauce just a little drizzle (would have been perfect w/out sauce too), mac and cheese was WONDERFUL!  pecan slaw was just OK.  My son had the chimi shrimp with mac & cheese and mashed potatoes of course we had to share a few bites, shrimp was done perfect had great flavor the potatoes did not disappoint either they were yummy to.  . Had to have a little desert of course..peach cobbler was simply amazing!  . . For sure going to be back VERY VERY soon.
We havent been in this place since it was bobby mqees! I am real skeptical about bbq joints as i love bbq and am very picky...i was surprised ! the ribs where amazing.tender and flavorfull.Took my family there and we all had a great dinner.
My boyfriend and I came here on the way home from a weekend getaway.  You can always smell the BBQ right off the highway and it literally draws you in.  I was surprised that the atmosphere was as fancy as it was (think dim lighting and cloth napkins).  Don't be scared it's not really a fancy place and the food is still very affordable.  . The service was stellar.  Honestly, I had forgotten what good service was like after moving to Arizona, and then I came here and was shocked.  The waiter was friendly and the manager came out and talked to us for a long time and even brought us some mac and cheese on the house!  Good service always equals a returning customer with me and I was impressed that they took the time to make you feel welcomed and happy. . The mac and cheese was outstanding.  It was rich and creamy and the cheese had just enough flavor YUM!  The shoestring fries were also very tasty.  The meats here are very delicious.  They are slow cooked and tender as can be.. The barbeque itself was pretty good.  It is kind of a tangy sweet flavor that wasn't the best barbeque I've had, but still pretty tasty.. If you drive past this spot on the highway make sure you stop in and pick up some delicious food!
Very good BBQ. Rough part of Phx and it is kind of tough to find the place, let alone the door once you park there. The food was well worth it, however and the manager even gave us some free mac n cheese to try. It was awesome. We got free cornbread, the mac n cheese bowl, and doughnuts when we left. Service and food was really good. It's a 4.5/5.
After my bf's graduation, him, his friends, his parents and I decided to have lunch here. This was my first time here but according to my bf this place is pretty good and he talked about it so many times that I thought I actually been here before. Well I finally got to try it.. . I ordered the Platter since I really wanted to try more than just one type of meat if this is the only time I get to try it - so with the platter you get to select three types of meat plus one side. I ordered the beef brisket, bbq chicken (I requested the leg and thigh since I'm not a big fan of the breast) and sausage with the pecan cole slaw as the side. It also comes with corn bread. . . They served us all the corn bread in a basket first and it was the softest corn bread I've ever had but it had a soft buttery taste - kind of just melted in your mouth - I really liked it. When my platter came I was somewhat disappointed because they gave me ribs instead of the sausage - but it was alright because I ended up really liking the ribs. It wasn't a lot of meat but the flavor was good. What I really really liked was the beef brisket. It was the softest beef brisket I have ever had. It was amazing because it was so easy to chew and the flavor was also very good. The BBQ chicken was okay - I liked it just because I could request for dark meat pieces but it didn't really have that strong of a BBQ taste. The coleslaw on the other hand was my least favorite. It wasn't very tasty and it lacked dressing too. . . The services was pretty good - our waitress was friendly. The place itself was surprising dim - for a BBQ place and one thing I notice was usually when you step into a BBQ restaurant you would get hit in the face with a smokey bbq-y kind of smell however not here. When I stepped into the dining area - I didn't really smell any of that meaty bbq aroma - and not only that but my clothes didn't even absorb the smell of the restaurant. This isn't a good or bad thing - just an observation. . . Overall I really enjoyed my lunch - for 13.99 the platter was fairly priced since everything on the menu (from sandwiches to salads to platters) was ranged around 10-14 dollars a plate.
Truly a great time a little pricey compared to what's around but service and food were both great!
Good BBQ, Service was great and atmosphere was wonderful! I wasn't impressed with the cole slaw that a lot of reviews raved about... But the little donuts they give you when you leave were yummy! Kind of has a weird entrance, but over all we enjoyed our date night here.
Food is always great! I love their pecan cole slaw & the corned beef brisket. The cornbread tastes like I make at home (Krusteaz from costco).  Kinda pain to find if your heading there for the first time. Head up the 17 til Dunlap & then head back down the road next to the freeway to get to it. It's worth it. Prepare to bring home leftovers. We do every time. About $40 for two to eat (drinking water). Desserts are huge, can order half desserts. Free dessert on your birthday, still embarrassing to be sung to....
I came here tonight with my family for dinner.. . My wife and I have been here several times. We love the food and the atmosphere. The service has always been great too. . . I wish things could have gone differently tonight, but the way everything was handled was truly professional.. . We ordered our food and the bus person was clearing out our table. Well, he accidentally dropped the plates and sauce basically exploded everywhere under the table. My legs were drenched in sauce and my sister's new pair of shoes were stained. My sister had to run to the bathroom to see if they were ruined.. . The bus person was very apologetic and so was our server about the incident.. . The restaurant manager came up to us after my sister returned and she was also very apologetic. She offered to replace the shoes, she comped my sister's dinner and even threw in free desert. She even got my sister's food replaced because she was waiting in the restroom trying to clean up while her food was getting cold. . . Food was great, the manager really knew how to take care of the customers. I know we'll absolutely be back! . . Try the Q-rolls!
Bobby Q's is an excellent place for family dinner. Workers are very friendly from the start and makes you feel very comfortable. Corn bread is delicious! By far the best barbecue I've had so far in Arizona. To top it off they give you free old fashioned donuts as treats to take home. Add in reasonable prices and you've got a pretty great place. I highly recommend their Q rolls!
Brisket is ok, sauce is decent and atmosphere is a little hood come 8pm. I dined here over the weekend Bc I was to lazy to fire up my grill (way to humid out) so I went here w/ my bro Rob and was hoping for some goodness. I don't think I'd eat here again since its not my idea flavor/taste of BBQ. Don't let my review steer you away from trying it though, everyone has their own preference when it comes to BBQ so I'd try it and go from there.. Official rating,. Food: ***. Customer service: **** (manager very sweet , waitress was su-lOh!). . Drinks: *** (Sangria was ok, beer a little warm)
First time here at Bobby Q and it was pretty decent.  Like the other reviews that loved the mac and cheese, so did my daughter.  The meat portions could have been a bit larger, but the brisket and sausage tasted fine.  Our waitress was great and very helpful as it was our first trip.  First of many, to be sure.
Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but it is pretty darn good.. . Because it is not really obvious from the street, we overshot Bobby Q and had to do a turnaround in quite a sketchy strip mall a couple of blocks up. Half expecting a total dive we were pleasantly surprised to find the restaurant itself nicely appointed.. . Before we even ordered our food a tasty basket of cornbread was brought to the table. We ordered a sampler plate containing 3 different meats - pulled pork, brisket and St. Louis ribs as well as a BBQ chicken sandwich. We couldn't decide on which sides to select but when our server brought us a sample of the mac & cheese to try our minds got made up in a hurry.. . On the sampler plate the St. Louis ribs were terrific, the pulled pork was not too bad but the brisket was kind of dry. Fortunately the server had brought large containers of 2 types of BBQ sauce to our table so we were able to moisten the brisket with the sauce. The chicken on the sandwich was moist but I found the sauce a little too mild and sweet.. . The service we received was friendly and attentive and the little doughnuts in the to-go bag was a nice touch.  Overall, worth a repeat visit if we are in the area. 3.5 stars.
I love Bobby Q! Always a must for dinner when we come into town! Service is great, food is great!
Good food, good staff, and those little doughnut holes...YUM!
Buffalo wings were great and the beef ribs and corn bread were super yummy.  My steak was decent, it didn't taste like it was aged over 60 days.   Food was served very quick and like other reviewers mentioned, location is not that obvious.
Absolutely delicious St Louis style ribs, corn bread patties, home style corn, shoestring fries, and prime rib that my husband and I shared. The BBQ is definitely one of the best we've had in Arizona and it's definitely worth taking a drive out to. The only reason that I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating was because our waitress was terrible she might've been having a bad day because she was really sweet but she completely forgot my drink and my husband's shrimp and fries with his meal after being reminded. When they finally brought it out the shrimp tasted off like plastic almost. Everyone has off days but that's just unacceptable. Other than the waitresses slip ups we absolutely loved our experience and would definitely come back! Great atmosphere
After a 6 hour drive I was ready for some BBQ and yelp directed me to this spot a few miles from my hotel. I am somewhat critical when it comes to BBQ, having spent 8 years working for a Knoxville based company and then 2 years working for a Dallas based company, it is hard to beat those areas for pulled pork, baby back ribs and brisket respectively. . . I was pleased by most of what I ordered here at Bobby Q. The pulled pork was tasty, the sauce was agreeably flavorful, the baby backs were flavorful, although perhaps a little too tender, I did not have to pick them up to eat them, the meat fell off the bone. They were probably boiled to get this preparation, but they were yummy either way. The potato salad was exactly the kind I like in my BBQ joints. The mac and cheese side was just ok, not bad, but not the best thing on the plate. . . Overall it was a good meal for  BBQ west of the Mississippi and I would go again if in the area. Service was attentive, and the place itself was quite a nice spot to eat. Recommended.
It took me awhile to get around to trying this restaurant, and after eating their food I was kicking myself for not trying it sooner.  I had a number of coworkers that told me it was great, but it was hard for me to believe there was good barbeque in Phoenix, AZ.  (I lived in the South for a while, so I have had "real" barbeque.)  Their food is absolutely delicious, and having gone back a few times I have tried a number of different items!  Make sure to try their mac and cheese!
Nobody leaves disappointed.. unless they're trying to count calories.  Service staff is yummy, and that counts for something in my book too!
Bobby Qs has worked its way into the rotation and not just for the warm, delicious mini-donuts they give you at the end of your meal. I love the corn. The mac and cheese is rich and creamy and super cheesey! The brisket is tender and generally lean. The ribs fall. right. off. the. bone! Like, seriously! I don't generally eat ribs because I'm not into gnawing meat off the bone, but I can eat these ribs with my fork! I like the kick to the spicy BBQ sauce. The portions are generous and on Sundays you can get enough food for 3-4 people easy for under $30! (see my pic: http://bit.ly/HbzA9R)
Good ambiance. Waiter was really nice and knowledgeable of menu.. . . Food was delicious and the BBQ ribs fell off the bone
Finding a good BBQ place in the Phoenix area is difficult but this may be the exception.  Very much enjoyed our meal, service was great during a busy lunch time.  The only problem I have with Bobby Q is the location.  We live and work in the east valley and seldom come this far north west so we don't come here often.  Someday maybe they'll put a location in the east and if so, I know this would be one of our regular places to eat.
Who knew?! Right in my backyard was a delicious meal! My husband and kids all were happy.  Portions perfect for sharing.  Drinks refilled before empty. Thank you, Megan! Dinner?? Delicious.  Best BBQ I've had since I do not remember when.  My eldest ordered smothered fried chicken.  It was well seasoned and I used it to explain what it's like in the south.  Peppery perfect.  At the end of our meal we were given "to go" doughnuts. Happy full family right now.  We will be back soon.
This is going to be a short review - because, well, my husband was not feeling well (not related at all to the restaurant) - but can I just say - WHAT GREAT SERVICE!! So sweet and accommodating.  My fried chicken was a juicy delight, the mashed potatoes that came with it were full of flavor.  Only complaint - bathrooms were a little scary.
