Still one of my favorites.  The bruschetta is delicious and the fact that you can order different kinds appeasing my non-commital inability to make a decision self.  Tuesday nights are almost impossible to get a seat at now that they have a special running where you can get a bruschetta board and a bottle of wine for like $20.00 bucks or something ridiculous.  Have small bills with you as the parking situation almost requires that you go through the valet.  The restaurant is great for a light nibble or a heavier dinner if you get a pressed sandwich or salad.  (The chicken salad in particular is one of my favorites)  You'll see a lot of couples here on first dates (which can be a lot of fun to people watch)  I've seen some really awkward dates, and some really great ones were you're convinced you're seeing magic happen right in front of your very eyes.
It's a strange menu if, like my Mother, you come for a visit from a small town in the midwest. To us Phoenicians, it's a little bit of wonderful, if not a little bit strange of a menu. The food is wonderful, admittedly, I only eat the brucshetta (I know, I spelled it wrong) now because I LOVE it! There are several toppings to select, and they are all yummy! . The salads are very flavorful, but I'd rather eat bread with goat cheese and roasted red peppers, or brie and apples, or hot artichoke spread...or...you get the picture.. Double delight: you can walk across the parking lot and enter the back door of La Grand Orange and get fabulous Tammy Coe cakes and cupcakes, as well as big, yummy cookies and a variety of other delights.. Go early or go late, or you won't find a parking place...or a table.
Everything I want in a neighborhood joint to make me jealous of not actually living in the neighborhood. Lovely setting and layout, good mix of conventional dining getup with sofa/chair/couch/table combos interspersed, waiters with cool hats, and finger-lickin fancy fare. Not too fancy for these jeans, but fancy enough for my heels. . . It takes a damn good Bruschetta to make me crack my vegan ways, but I confess my cheese-avoidance got lost between the brie and the apples and smothered with fig. For me the bread was just a tad too soft, but the wine was just right. Fantastic for a romantic date or group gathering - will be back soon!
Perhaps the best way to re-use an old post office building, make a cozy wine bar in the middle of a trendy part of town and serve a great selection of wine as well as a unique menu of assorted bruschetta.  The staff was friendly, accommodating, and extremely helpful in choosing a nice crisp Sauvignon Blanc. This is the sort of quaint bar all neighborhoods should have.  Unfortunately, it is not in my neighborhood, thus the envy I have right now for my friends out there.
Luved the Bruschetta....For 12.75 you get a choice any 4 from the Bruschetta options...My fav was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone...Amazingly tasty !!!! A recommended pick for sure...Good place for wine and a chat with frndz.
Excellent bruschetta and a nice wine selection. We went during lunch and parking is a bit of a nightmare but once we got inside we were seated rather quickly. The design is crisp and trendy. Cool place and we'll be back. Maybe sit outsidenext time.
Busy, cool little place here. Cozy decor and atmosphere with a European feel, great place to share a bottle of wine and sample some of the many bruschettas.  Food is great here but menu is short and  would appreciate some options with a bit more substance.  Prices are good and Hoegaarden on tap is superb.  No reservations here so arrive early.
I'm embarrassed at the number of times I've eaten here since it opened.  i used to live half a mile from here and was one of the first people in the door.  The bruschetta is the best in town--period, end of discussion.  The salads sometimes aren't my favorite, but there are plenty that are delicious.  I'll admit that the cheese plates also sometimes leave me wanting, but that is a rare occasion.  It has been interesting to see the wine selections evolve over the past several years.  When it first opened, Postino seemed to have nothing above $35/bottle, and that selection was good.  It stepped up its game in the past two or three years and now boasts a more diverse and more expensive selection (e.g., Sea Smoke pinot noir).  I appreciate the addition of even better wine, and am happy to say that the glass list remains reasonably priced.
Went back in the evening for some more of the delicious bruschetta!  This time I went with another friend and we shared that plus the artichoke dip and a sandwich.  We over ordered, but I wanted to try something new this time. He wanted the "Nine Iron" which has chicken, bacon, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, and dijionnaise on ciabatta.  It was rather tasty, however, the ratio of fillings felt a little off.  I love tomato, so it wasn't a big deal to me, but the sandwich was full of it with one thin little leaf of lettuce and clumps of chicken that weren't evenly distributed between the ciabatta.  I ended up opening the sandwich and rearranging the ingredients myself in order to help it along.  Fresh produce, good flavors and amazing bruschetta!  Honestly, I don't think you can really go wrong ordering it.. . The service we received this time around wasn't up to par, but decent enough.  We didn't get our water refilled and the waiter never came back again so that we could order more drinks.  It was a shame.  The food still salvaged the visit though.  I just hope it doesn't happen too frequently since I plan to come here more often with some more friends.. . This time we sat on the patio since it was a little quieter in order to chat and despite the chillier weather (I say that loosely, since I'm from Chicago and shouldn't really complain...) I found the outdoor torch like heaters (no, I don't know the technical term for them and apologize for that) to be perfect along with my jacket. Next time around, I think I'll try the soup and salad!
Always a great place to go for a light meal, snack, or just a glass of wine.
Hubby and I have gone to Postino for years...first at the Arcadia location and now Central.  We enjoy Central's patio more, so we head there.  With either location, we've always asked ourselves, "why didn't we think about opening a restaurant that just puts tasty things on bread and charge well for it?". . let's face it...what Postino does is not rocket science.  Great composed salads, wonderful panini and bruschetta. but, there's no hard cooking.  What there is though is creativity, style and great service. . . on our last visit, we headed to Postino Central on a Wednesday night, thinking that since it was the day before St. Patrick's, no one would be out.  well, we were wrong. first, we were turned away by the valet -- "sorry, we're full."  The parking lot?  the restaurant?  Where should we go?  any tips?  so, i got on the phone and called the restaurant -- "Your valet just turned us away, are you looking for customers tonight?"  He was cordial and stated he would go chat with the valet about finding a better way to turn down folks who needed to park their cars.  . . hostess was very friendly and accommodating...giving us every option for seating.  but, given the spectacular night that it was, we wanted to wait for an outdoor table.  so, we ordered some beers with the very friendly waitress that happened by, and sat in the outdoor "waiting area" watching the sunset.  about 1/2 hour later, we got a prime table -- in fact the same table we eat at each time we are there. . . same waitress came by.  hubby ordered a second beer (i was still nursing the "shorty" (only $2.50!) I'd ordered before.  We selected the bella postino platter with white bean hummus and warm artichoke dip, as well as a bruschetta board of four luscious creations.. . "bus boy" brought water and small dish of olives (okay, really small -- there were two of us and he brought 3 olives -- not 2, not 4, but 3 --yes, we arm-wrestled for the last one.). . waitress was friendly, thorough, spunky and a perfect addition to this hip, vibrant, happening place.  admittedly, we in our 40s were either parental age of the young 20 somethings gracing the place, or children of the 60+ "second go round" set.. . bruschetta -- golly!  we had pesto with salami (great quality), burrata with arugula, bacon and tomato (there was no bacon and PLEASE do not refrigerate your tomatoes), prosciutto with fig and mascarpone (oh so incredibly good) and the "dessert" one -- ricotta with dates and pistachios.  after polishing off the dips and the platter of breads (there are 4 pieces to each "slice" of bruschetta, we were stuffed.  . . was intrigued by the salted caramel dessert, but there was just no room.  perhaps next time we skip the dip and save room.
Yum!!. What a cool place!! The wine list is great and introduced me to a new favorite wine: sparkling sauvignon blanc!!  A perfect combination of my two favorite wines!. The extensive Bruschetta menu was novel & very good.  Also surprisingly filling.. Iwould also highly recommend the cheese board! Nothing was left unfinished on ours!
Postinos is an excellent place to grab a glass of wine and a light meal. There is an excellent patio and lounge area. I like that its good for intimate setting but they can also accommodate larger groups. They have a great selection of $5 wines which they offer on happy hour till 5pm everyday. Mondays and Tuesdays have $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta. We've tried all their bruschettas and we love each one! Theyre surprisingly filling--all fresh ingredients!
The bruschettas were delicious, I remember loving the following bruschettas: hummus with artichoke, cheese with marmalade, apple with cheese, red peppers. The music and the service were great. Would definitely come back.
Ok, so it was kind of funny. I have a friend in visiting from out of town and her parents are here also visiting family. So on Wednesday night I decided to take her to Postino, because I went to the one on Central and loved the food (hated the service, but the food was great). So I took her to this location. Much better! The place was way less busy (i guess that's because it wasn't one of their special nights) and we were seated right away. We even found parking over by LGO. Whoa. So, anyway, We shared a bruschetta board with the brie and apple, the goat cheese and bell pepper, burrata and bacon, and prosciutto and mascarpone and we each got a glass of wine. (I got the Haart riesling.... *drool* that has got to be one of the best rieslings I have had). So the bruschetta was good, I thought the goatcheese one was not all I had hoped for, but the apple and brie was wonderful and so was the burrata and bacon... I think burrata is my new favorite cheese.... that stuff is good! Anyway, it  was a nice night and everything was fine. So fast forward to the next day. I went with my friend and her parents to the botanical gardens and then we were going to get lunch, so I list a bunch of places we can go and they decide they want to go to LGO (Now I've never been there but really want to try their pizza, it looks amazing). So we get there and realize A) there is no table service and B) there is no pizza. Lame. So my friend says.... we could go back to postino..... haha! So we ended up going again! two days in a row. . . So the second time we all got paninis and salads (and wine.... yum and 5$). I got the half and half with the turkey panini and the italian picnic salad. The turkey sandwich was pretty good, it had tomato, greens, pesto, and provolone on it. It tasted good, but nothing too special. The italian picnic salad was also just ok. I couldn't taste the vinaigrette that's supposed to be on it at all... maybe they forgot to put it on... or maybe it is ridiculously light. The other ingredients were good, it had beets, greens, goat cheese, walnuts, and some crispy things in it. My friend got the prosciutto sandwich, which I tried and it was delicious. Her dad got the nine iron which looked really good. Anyway, this was not as good an experience as the night before, but it evens out to four stars. Yay postino!
First, just be careful of sitting on the planters on the north side of the building if you have to wait for a table... sometimes you might get surprised by ants... . . Now, if that didn't scare you away (and I was trying a little, because I am hoping to tamp down the wait time a scoche) please enjoy yourself!. . Postino's Arcadia location is the original forerunner in the revitalization of the Phoenix scene. Postino. Cleverly located in a former Post Office. Thanks USPS.  . . If you find yourself here with a wait (not always, but sometimes) look about yourself. The patrons at this location are uber friendly. With a larger-than-average number of regulars, some of them have very good stories to share, and are particularly generous. . . We waited one night and had two gentlemen with a high top table offer to let us share their space. It was a rousing good time full of mutual ease, and they left before our party of 3 had finished. When we went to pay, we found out they had taken care of the entire bill. Thanks guys!. . It's that kinda place. A little magical, a little homey, a little bit of wonderful with great food and plentiful draughts, and just enough contemporary edge that you can impress a date, or drink with the dudes.
Fantastic wine list by the glass, bruchetta, antipasto, and cheese plate is amazing!  They also have soup, salads, and other appetizer like stuff.  Great swanky wine bar type place.  Everything is delicious!!!
Postinos is one of my favorite places to go with my friends. We're even considered regulars by the hostess and valet! We go every Monday for the $20 board and bottle of wine special they have after 8 pm. One draw back is sometimes the wait can be 1-2 hours long (On these nights we go to LGO instead).. . Postinos is also a great source for entertainment. People think it's a great first or second date spot. They are wrong. The one down town is significantly quieter and a way better date spot. But, there are always at least five new couples there. If you're a low talker or extremely shy you should probably try somewhere else. But don't worry, I'll be there every Monday night with my bottle of wine.
Fantastic winebar, can't go wrong here.   I'm not going to repeat everyone else's reviews so I'll just contribute a few suggestions here.  First, for white wine lovers, go for the Emeri.  Sparkling Sauvignon Blanc. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing!   And I haven't found anywhere else that carries this brand. Forego the glass, just get the whole bottle if you have someone to share it with.  This is a good place for a dates or hanging out with a few friends (more intimate, smaller group), not as great for a big group.  My recco is not to do dinner there (though their grilled cheese and soup is delish and the apple & brie bruschetta rocks too) but go for the wine and leave room for dessert.  They are all delicious.  The portion sizes are just right for sharing.  Creme brulee is my favorite and the salted caramel sundae is also divine (chocolate covered corn nuts? who knew these were so tasty!).    If you aren't in a wine mood  - though why would you be at a wine bar then - the Mr. Qcumber Soda is a unique little refreshing beverage.    Enjoy!
Having a late night dinner last night at Postinos with two friends passing through town once again confirmed my love for this quaint wine cafe.  Do not pass up the bruchetta.  You can mix it up by choosing four over sized pieces for $12.  I love the arugula/buratta and mozz/basil/tomato but fig and cheese is the winner!  All sans meat but positive feedback on the meat selections.  We shared a generously plated cheese board ($14) and the pub board consisting of fresh pretzel-like bread, spicy nuts, cheese bits and a tasty mustard.  My friend also like their broccoli cheese soup.  I've had the vegetarian panini in the past which I enjoyed although the humus was a little overpowering and messy. I'd get it on the side next time. The salad served with it is phenomenal. . . The wait staff at both locations are great.  I felt bad for walking in 15 minutes before closing last night but I really, really wanted my friends to eat there.  We were greeted with a friendly face and our waiter was very attentive and conversational despite the time. We weren't rushed and were able to enjoy catching up over a bottle of wine and tasty meal on a perfect for patio evening. . . Downside is parking. The place was bare last night so that wasn't a problem. Friday/Saturday night is going to be a fight.  Also, they will not take reservations of less than six and WILL NOT seat you until your whole party is available.  Not so good for the group I usually go with but we're all learning to be more timely!  It can be a long wait but worth it!
What a wonderful afternoon.  The service was fantastic, and very helpful with the wine selection.  I now have a new favorite wine...Zweigelt by Berger.  Yummy.  And the Bruchetta, how could I forget about that.  I had the smoked salmon and Pesto and the Artichoke spread, sooooo tasty.  I have been thinking about that salmon ever since.  I would absolutely go back to Postino, and so should you.
I absolutely love this place!. The bruschetta is delicious, we've tried just about every one! My favorite is the brie and apple, something amazing about that mix.. The wine is always great too, with a lot of options and the staff is very informative! The cheese plate is a good mix of cheese, bread, nuts and fruit. . The set up is so cute and it's a great place for a date (friendly or romantic). My only complaint is that the flies drive me nuts! . You have to try this place, you won't regret it!
Fun atmosphere great food, beer, and wine.  Happy Hour is one of the best
Postino's has the best brushetta around. Fresh ingredients and a marvelous wine list to go with it. It is always busy but if you go a little early for lunch it is easier to get in.  The parking can be rough but plan ahead and it is worth it.. This is one place with food and atmosphere to rival one of my favorite places in Florence Italy.  Don't rush, be patient and above all be open minded.  You may discover a dish you would have never considered and love it.
Their food (great bruscetta) and libations are fine. The crowd is more Scottsdale-ish than at the other location. Also, the crowd is denser and the wait longer. Expect to waste your money in valet; not so at the other location. . . The only problem with both Postino's is their music: it's loud and it's bad! It's an irritation as well aesthetic sodomy. For the sake of almighty Allah, can't you people get in touch with your heritage and the supernal realm by playing classical music? Not only does this music complement the aura of the wine bar, but it's elevated and pulchritudinous to boot!
This seems like a really fun place!  I was there on a Tuesday nite, and the it was completely slammed.  To the point that you couldn't even hear the person sitting 2 people away.  That was kinda frustrating, but it's obviously a popular place!  . . The bruschetta was huge and amazing, as was the cheese plate. There was a great selection of wine (and beer I think)  however they don't have a full bar.  (no liquor).. . Parking was all valet out front because every single space in their tiny parking lot was filled.  The neighborhood around is all resident only parking, but I managed to find a spot at the end of 39th street where the end few spaces were not just for residents.    . . I deff want to try this place again, just hopefully on a not so crowded evening to really get a feel for it.
Visited for the famous $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta deal for the first time.  Loved the ambiance, our choice of wine, and the bruschetta, but I will probably pass on the bellini next time.  Warm artichoke bruschetta is excellent, and although we had to wait an hour and a half (we got there at 9pm thinking that's when the happy hour started) before being seated, the staff was courteous and accommodating as they worked to make sure we were taken care of to the best of the abilities.  Will return again very soon!
The happy hour here is good -$5 pitchers of good beer. They are mini-pitchers about 24oz but still they have really good beer on tap. The food is also really good. It's not your average fair. Totally original concept of small open face sandwiches. If you go; go at happy hour. The parking can be a bitch and the wait can be one too.
Great early bird specials on wine and mini-pitchers of beer before 5pm, only $5.  The food is very good and taylored to a wine menu.  A very nice place for a date with your wife or significant other.
Would consider it my favorite wine bar in Arizona so far. The board (4 different types of bruschetta) were pheonomal. The rose wine was a perfect choice recommends by the server. Ordered the turkey pesto panini and extremely pleased. Salad was delicious with the order... And the olive plate was good.  Parking is about 3 bucks. Bathrooms were very clean. Many different options of wine and alot of them tasted amazing. Good service, food is out very fast and servers are very much on top of the game. For dessert we got the Creme Brulee which was great. Will for sure be back here again.
This place had such a great atmosphere. The wine list had a really good selection to suite just about any taste. Their food was great too. I highly recommend trying their bruscetta, I never knew there could be so many ways to eat bruscetta!
I've been coming to this place since it opened and it's still just as good.  Great for lunch, happy hour and dinner.  Great wine selection too. A little loud at times though, so not the place to have any meaningful conversations.
I had a girls night out last Saturday.  Bruschetta was so yummy!  We tried four different kinds.  They were all very good.  I can't wait to go again!!!
I'd been hearing about Postinos from some food snob friends of mine so I decided to try it out this past Friday night.  Got there at 7 p.m. and scored a table with no wait in the middle of the dining room.  Immediately I realized it was a little too loud for the audience with the music playing, but stuck it out.  I was meeting my friend's parents who were in town on vacation and thought it would be a nice, casual place with hopefully great wine and food.  They loved the architecture inside, with the exposed pipes and brick and large, open garage doors.  The patio was probably not quite as loud, but was full so we were definitely stuck inside.  . . I had a glass of $11 Malbec, which was fantastic.  We ordered the bruschetta and I im in love with the artichoke version as well as the apple and brie.  I was not blown away by the mozzerella and tomato, which I thought I had heard was a guaranteed good time.  I also got the turkey panini though which I got with a salad.  It was bigger than any panini I've ever had and I took half of it home.  It had  a pesto sauce that made it the best panini I think I've had in my lifetime.  (Maybe I've had ten paninis though in my lifetime so take it for what it's worth.)  The salad I was not blown away by and was not disappointed when the waiter took it away while asking if he could take it away.. . Service was a little slow, but again it was a Friday night.  The wait staff is a friendly, helpful group and didn't rush us as we sat and chatted while eating for three hours.  . . Valet is $3, which is fair, but what is a riot is when you walk out, if you had your keys, you could walk the twenty feet and get your car yourself.  But instead, you have to wait behind five people for the valet to hand you your keys and THEN you walk to your car.  AFTER tipping of course:). . Overall, I will go back for the paninis, maybe try a few other bruschettas.  It will be hard to not to to LGO next door though...
There is nothing better than a lazy Sunday at Postino. Actually, there is nothing better than a lazy any day at Postino. The food is great, the wine is great and the service is (usually) great. Along with the bruschetta, which is yum, I always order the Italian Picnic salad. The beets and bacon are delish paired with a creamy, Italian dressing. The only downside is the parking. Very limited and usually you have to valet. If you are in the neighborhood I recommend walking or biking. All in all this place will not disappoint.
I flew in from a chilly gray day in San Antonio to a gorgeous day in Phoenix. Had lunch on the patio here.. just wanted something light and this was perfect. Assorted Bruschetta, caprese salad and chilled Riesling. Everything was perfect, the food, the service, the atmosphere, the weather. I can't believe I had lived here for 8 years and had never been!
Food is innovative and delicious; best Bruschetta around.. Building is Urban Chic with Garage Doors, brick walls and concrete floors.. Service is only negative: slow and blase.. Check out Sangria Sundays.
Love it, still partial to central postino.
Postino's has a great atmosphere, I would prefer sitting outside its pretty much just candle light inside a little are to read the menus.  Hands down the best thing on the menu is the bruschetta.  This is a good place to start your night with some apps and wine.  Although I was expecting a larger wine list then they provided.  The building is a cool place in itself its an old post office converted to a restaurant so you still have the glass bay doors on the building.
Just go get the bruschetta and the pub platter.. . That's all that really needs to be said.
Great! came here with my girlfriend and my mom and left very satisfied! We ordered some of there apparently famous bruschetta, some panini and a bottle of their Zweigel wine from Austria and it was all fantastic! I highly recommend going there and at least getting some wine and bruschetta if nothing else, it is well worth you time!. . Keep singing,. . -Jerron
Bruschetta was the best we've ever had - beautifully prepared, really tasty, and a great variety. Five stars for the Bruschetta. The salads were good, maybe 3.5 to 4 star fare. The sandwiches were also very good, four solid stars. Good service, nice surroundings.
Love the Postino Arcadia location. If you are in Phoenix and like wine, this is a hidden gem. Located right off of Campbell and  40th. There is a small parking lot and most nights it is Valet. Try the Bruschetta Board or the Proscuitto and Fig sandwich, on Chibatta of course, you will not be disappointed. It's $5 glasses of wine any day (including weekends) until 5pm... did I mention this deal was EVERYDAY?. . I also love the ambiance at the Arcadia location, it's what the Central location is just missing a little of. The music is normally alternative and hip, on any given night you will see several patrons using their smartphones to run SoundHound or Shazaam apps to find out what music they are playing.. . Since I moved away from Phoenix and down to Tucson I really miss this place, but whenever I am up I make a point to get to Postino. As the bumper sticker says "Drinking Wine at Lunch is Not a Crime." The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is due to parking.
Love Postinos! Tuesdays and wednesdays they have brushcetta and a bottle of wine for $20. You get 4 different types of bruschetta and 4 pieces of each type. It just gets extremely packed around 7 as there are a ton of people waiting for the wine and bruchetta to start at 8. The rest of the menu seems to be pretty nice but I just havent been back except for more wine and bruchetta nights! Get there early because you will be waiting hungry for a long time!
Great wine pricing before 5 pm.  Wines are fairly priced at all times.  Nice selection of beers.  Cheese and meat plate is terrific to have with wine or beer and don't forget to add the bruschetta board and bring friends.  A nice place to linger away the afternoon.  Yes, you will have to wait to get a table but it's worth it.  Pleasant staff.
Every time my wife and I are in Carefree she makes me drive down here at least once for lunch. What can I say that other haven't, wonderful everything. Can I please have one in the North Valley now please.
Been a few times at various times for various reasons.. . Food - 4/5. Love the bruschetta, sandwiches are good really no complaints, good alcohol selection. . . Service - 4/5. I always receive good service. . Valet is always youthful.. . Atmosphere - 3/5. Casual, great place for meeting friends. can be a little too busy for my liking.. . Price - 3/5. Average I can't really complain.. . Overall - I don't go out of my way to go here, but I certainly recommend it.
Finally, I experienced Postino. I had a day to myself and dropped by for a late lunch. . . I can't sit in this place without remembering my many visits to this same location back in the 1980's when it was Synthony Music. . . Yes, at one time this former post office housed a large selection of Oberheim Matrix 12's and OB-X's, Roland Junos, and Yamaha DX7's. Long-haired young guys with slightly nasal voices talked about multi-timbral effects, VCO's and VCA's, attack, sustain, decay. I can still hear the simulated sounds of shakuhatchi flutes playing the first few notes of "Sledgehammer" by Peter Gabriel--loudly enough to rattle windows. . . I'm sure the equipment that got purchased here played more than a few weddings where white people embarassingly trudged around in some drunken fashion to "Take On Me" or "Celebrate".  Perhaps some of the current patrons were those very same dancers. Like the older guy who complimented me on my fishing vest.. . But anyway, about the salad. It was good. I opted for the prosciutto as an add to the Italian salad. On the side was a good glass of tempranillo. There was a tang to it. . . A tang. Yes. A tang which recalled a layered gong effect combining additive and subtractive synthesis--something one might hear from say -- a Korg DW8000--which used sampled waveforms modulated through analog filters. That's exactly what the tempranillo reminded me of.. . When the waitress brought my check I realized that she looked a bit like Siouxsie Sioux, a few years on and minus the make up. Or perhaps it was Lene Lovitch. . . Anyway, make time to enjoy a visit to Postino. And while you are sitting there, enjoy the echoes of "Are Friends Electric" by Gary Numan, which I am sure still inhabit the walls in some way.
I've been a fan of LGO for years and yet had never been to Postino's.  On this trip to Phoenix, my friend J thought it was a must to experience Postino! We arrived around 8pm and thought it best to use the valet.  We were so happy that wewere able to get a table.  Postino's is absolutely darling.  Our server recommended an earthy red wine that J took advantage of and loved.  I had the sparkling Sauvignon Blanc (delightful!) and our friend R had Framboise.  This is a wine and beer place, so those hoping for other spirits are out of luck.  For those that love wine... this is an excellent place to spend some quality time.  Fabulous wine selection!  . As for the food... we were happy with everything we ordered except one thing, which I will save for the end of my review.  Postino regulars recommend the bruschetta and everyone seems to have a different favorite.  This is a fun food to order because you are able to choose 4 of the selections.  Fun decision to make with so many great selections!  My top two faves were 1. bacon, arugula and tomatoes (loved this combo!) and 2. warm artichoke spread (excellent!).  R + J loved the prosciutto w/figs and mascarpone.  So highlight of our night was the fun and delicious bruschetta!. We also shared olives (meh) and the prosciutto panini.  I enjoyed the panini but my dining partners were crazy about it.  . The best and worst of the night were our desserts.  We couldn't decide which one to order, so we got two.  One rocked our world and the other was ho-hum.  The Creme Brulee was the BEST Creme Brulee I have tasted.  Beyond words delish!  The Chocolate Bouchon was not noteworthy.  As my friend Beti would say, "It wasn't worth the calories."  . I may have mentioned the word "fun" a few times in this review but that is such a perfect description of Postino.  If I lived in Phoenix, you would positively catch me here on a Monday or Tuesday night for their amazing $20 house bottle of wine and bruschetta special.  Oh and the Creme Brulee!
I celebrated a friends birthday today at Postino.  Itis a really busy place!  We decided that we would order a little of this and a little of that.  So we started with the NYC Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  I like it, it came with three dipping options, pesto, ketchup, and some sort of mustard.  We had several different bruschetta: tomato jam, arugula and bacon, apple and brie and mozzarella and basil.  All really good.  Italian food is not really my thing, but this was pretty good.
I was in Phoenix for a weekend getaway and thought I hid a foodie dead end after a few meals. I was not wow'd by much even at places that had good reviews, and disappointed I couldn't find a decent meal. And then I came to Postino! It was bustling on a Sunday morning with nearly all the tables in the restaurant filled. Luckily we were able to snag a table out on the patio. The air was filled with live music and the atmosphere was relaxed and exciting at the same time. . . Everyone on Yelp mentioned the bruschetta. Definitely get the bruschetta!!! You can choose 4 different types for $13.50. The bread was perfectly soft and all the toppings were excellent. If I had my way, I could eat this all the time. The two of us also shared an Vegetarian panini which was very good but too filling to finish alongside the bruschette. Mimosas are only $5 too. . . Postino's is worth it!
Oddly enough I only came to this location after visiting the new Gilbert location. Have to say I think I like the Gilbert locale better and I'm almost a little sick hearing myself say that. Not sure what was up with the rap music on this visit as I am in love with the music at the other locations. Not a great fan of the valet either as they don't seem to know how to dive manual cars or operate emergency  brakes. . . So, I'm giving this location 4 stars based on the whole concept and the food (and assuming it will be better next time) but in my heart it gets 3 stars.
Over the last couple of years I have made several visits to Postino, but never for lunch! My visits have always been at night for a glass of wine and a bruchestta, which is clearly what Postino is known for! This time I enjoyed their delicious Bruschetta over lunch with Gabi M. and Lindsey F. I am amazed at how busy this place always is, but not surprised. The service was friendly and timely and that seems to be the standard any time of day.. . We started with an order of the bruschetta and we each ordered entree sized salads, which was plenty of food for the 3 of us. The bruschetta is the perfect starter because of thevariety and size. I am not sure if they always do this, but they cut each piece into 3 pieces, making it super easy to share and get a taste of each one! We enjoyed the Burrata and Arugula, the Prosciutto Fig & Mascarpone, the Tomato Jam & Sheep's Milk and the Brie & Apple with Fig Spread bruschetta. All of them were heavenly.. . I went with the Italian Picnic salad and it was divine! )field greens tossed with roasted beets, goat cheese, bacon and walnuts topped with crisped root vegetables in herb vinaigrette). Lindsey F. ordered the Mediterranean and Gabi M. had the mixed greens. Everything was lovely!. . Postino seems to be a Phoenix classic and it definitely going on my list of Phoenix faves. . . I look forward to returning to enjoy their patio over a glass of wine from their fabulous selection and a cheese board.
I finally visited Postino's after being in AZ for a year...and I'm glad I finally did!  Great drinks and great food!  The bruschettas are to die for...but stay alive so you can come here again and again!. . Staff is friendly and vibe is really chill...you can come after work with a few friends or bring a larger group to celebrate. . . The ambiance is superb...the indoor/outdoor seating gives great options depending on the heat!  :-). . Run, don't walk to Postinos (depending on how hot it is!)
One thing I noticed on a recent re-visit: This place is loud--both from ambient noise and the background/foreground music. And the hard surfaces and absence of carpet tend to accentuate the high frequencies. It can get kinda tedious trying to talk over it. Don't let that keep you away.. . Just another way in which it pays tribute to its roots as Synthony Music all those years ago.
Went in tonight to eat dinner at the bar. I had a couple of beers - the beer selection is limited, but respectable. Great considering it's a wine bar! Service was just okay. The bartender was helpful enough, but I had to sort of flag him down when I needed something - he never really checked in with me. Not a dea-lbreaker, but nothing outstanding.. .  I ordered the bruchetta (one each of the apple and brie, prosciutto and fig, burrata and bacon, and warm artichoke). The bruschetta was incredible. I'd go back just to eat it all again. Maybe tomorrow.. . Parking was open and available when I got there, but it looked like it was exclusively valet starting at about 5pm.
We went back three Sundays in a row just so I could try more of that wonderful bruschetta. That's not overboard is it? Yanno when you eat something so good you want it again and again until you can get it out of your head? That was me with this bruschetta. The white sangria was the perfect addition. All enjoyed on their magical patio that's not too hot even at 100+ degrees. *sigh* ... ok, someone tell me four weeks in a row is not stalker levels? Can you stalk a restaurant?
I may not be the hugest fan of La Grande Orange, but there's one spot in that little Arcadia hub that is always worth going to-Postino. . . Postino has got to be one of the busiest places in town on Monday and Tuesday nights because of their killer $20-for-a-bottle-of-wine-and-bruschetta deal from 8-11 p.m. They're busy every other night, too, simply because they're one of the hippest places around-a hot staff, a huge wine selection, a pretty patio, wonderful food and pretty ambiance. There's also a location in central Phoenix, which offers up all of the same.. . When I went there for dinner, I had one of my favortie paninis, the Nine Iron ($9.50), which came with a small side salad and was topped with tomato, mustard and mozzarella. It's very filling and tastes super-fresh, and the regular one comes with chicken and bacon, too.. . My pal got the Italian Picnic salad ($8.50) and Tomato Jam and Sheep's Milk bruschetta ($12.75). This was the first time I tried that type of bruschetta (my favorites are the White Bean with Chopped Tomato and Warm Artichoke Spread), and I thought it was amazing-really sweet, and it could even work for dessert.
Go to Postinos on Monday and Tuesdays.  $20 for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine.  You can even cork your wine and take home what you're not able to drink.  The special starts at 8pm and gets packed but it is so worth the wait.  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  The entire staff is absolutely wonderful and friendly.  They make every visit extremely enjoyable.
Went there today to catch up with an old friend. Had the bruschetta, you have numerous flavors to pick from. One of the ones we had was a combination of green apples and brie...it was so good! I had a side salad to go with it, a Mediterranean salad with a creamy, cool dressing. I also had a beer, can't quite remember the full name, just remember it said Twilight Ale. One of the best beers I've ever had, smooth, not too heavy, not bitter, perfect for a hot 114 degree summer day. Can't wait to go back!. . Would give it five stars, but parking there is very limited and you are almost forced to valet.
Love it!  It was pretty far away from my home in Glendale, but I think it was worth the trip.  We had girls night here a couple weeks ago.  We had a cute waiter, who helped us with our wine choices.  We ordered 4 different types of bruschetta and they were divine!  Will defiantly come back even though it was a little pricey It still wasn't that bad considering the quality.
Monday and Tuesday night after 8pm, you can get any bottle of wine and a whole board of bruschetta for $20. It's a steal, and a delicious one at that.
To die for bruschetta.... savory and sweet, like you're having appetizer/entree with dessert. I love tomato jam & sheep cheese, ricotta with dates and pistachios, prosciutto with figs and mascarpone and smoked salmon. I just wanna try them all next time.
I LOVE Postino! Best bruschetta ever, and their chicken salad is amazing! I don't think I've ever had anything here I didn't like. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and a great atmosphere for a variety of occasions!
It can be loud, it can be busy, the parking always sucks, (valet typically required)...but.  i am never disappointed.  Food quality is excellent every time.  Bruschetta of any variety is to die for. I love that they serve a little dish of giant green olives in kosher salt with your wine.  Kinda like chips and salsa for the Highbrow.
Bonjour amigos!. . This here Italian place is THE best Italian place I've tried in Phoenix! In fact, it's the ONLY place I've tried! Thestaff is friendly. We sat at the bar with a stranger and had a memorably delightful time. The food isn't the most filling, but it is DELICIOUS. Everytime I think of Postinos Arcade, I'll always remember the fun conversation we had with that stranger, and the good food.. . PROTIP: We went there on a Saturday and if you want to park you need to valet, which is a whole $3. Do you know what I could do with $3? I could buy bubblegum, get 64% off a DVD at the Walmart $5 bin, and I can even buy a used book! Outrageous!. . The only problems was there is no post office to drop off your mail, nor is there an arcade. I think that's false advertising.. . Aree Va Dare Chee!
Ive been to the postino's off central once before, and recently discovered this one a couple weeks ago. Really friendly service, and they sold me some beer at a stupid cheap price for me to take home!! . . Ima Fan.
I have only been here one time but it was a great experience. THe bruschetta is delicious and the wine was great. I really like the bruschetta and wine for $20 deal. You get more than what you pay for. The servers are very knowledgeable and the atmoshpere is calming.
The main advice I would give anyone interested in dining at Postino Arcadia would be: "Prepare to Fight."  Prepare to fight for a parking space and prepare to fight for the bruschetta which is to die for.  My favorites would have to be the Smoked Salmon and Pesto, Apple and Brie, Prosciutto and Fig and Warm Artichoke.  Plus, you cannot beat a bottle of vino and 4 types of bruschetta for $20 every Monday and Tuesday after 8pm!. . I am also a huge fan of their Pretzel Pub Board and NYC Grilled Cheese that is companied by a Sierra Nevada Mustard, Pesto and Ketchup dipping sauces, washed down with a cold Stella Artois Lager Belgium.  These menu items have sparked inspiration for me to make similar dishes in my own kitchen more than a time or two.  So grab some good company, a bottle of vino paired with bruschetta and prepare for a relaxing-enjoyable night out.. . Don't forget the Affogato (vanilla bean ice cream topped with espresso) to give ya a jolt for your car ride home.
My husband and I stumbled into (and out of ) this gem. . The food was amazing and who can resist $5 wine and pitchers. Woot!. Highly recommended!
Great happy-hour, try to slam 6 mini-pitchers in an hour!
This is a nice little gem that sure has not gone unnoticed. When I came (no reservations) I had about a 20 minute wait for a table of two - which I didn't mind and took this time to order from the bar. The bartender was friendly and quick. With a drink in hand, it was a pleasure to check out the wines and the milieu of this place of business. It's quite nice, it is however not very big and it can get quite loud in here. Not too loud for a simple conversation, but loud enough for me to take notice.. . Once seated the service was great. Our server was a knowledgeable and energetic gentleman that gladly helped out in any decision making regarding the menu. I tried their beer selection as well as had a cheese tray. Note: For being a wine place, they sure do take pride in their beer selection - however I must say that I was not impressed by their cheese. They seem to take pride in their cheese diversity, but I was simply not impressed.. . The service was great, the ambiance was relaxing, and the patrons were nice.. I truly enjoyed my visit and will be returning to this establishment. It wasn't expensive, but it isn't cheap nor should it be. (But they have unbelievable early weekdays specials) I give this place a 4, it has 5 potential - but then they have to step up the food a notch, and by food I mean cheese.
Postino!!! Been coming here for years. $5 glasses of wine before 5pm makes it my first stop every time I finish work early. Bruschetta boards, creme brulee, and any specials they're having make it a great place to go any time though. I love the musician who is there on the weekend for brunch and I appreciate that I can always venture out and try to some new and less common wines. The servers are almost all great but I seem to keep getting stuck w the same cranky inattentive waitress the last few times I've been there which is disappointing.. . This place is always busy and during their busier hours it becomes mandatory to valet but otherwise very little to complain about. I love all the postino locations but Arcadia is certainly my favorite. Best atmosphere for sure.
Never been disappointed by their food. Acoustics are bad, so it's hard to hear, but SOOOOOO yummy!
I love Postino's! Great food and wine. The only downside is that it is on the smaller side and cannot always accomodate large groups.
Perfect date spot. Cute wine bar with tasty menu, good wine list and delightful ambiance. Enclosed alfresco patio out front is fantastic.. . Bruschetta is  tasty and ranges from light to heavy, something for everyone. Would order all the below again:. . Smoked salmon / pesto - salmon was fresh and delicious. Just a smidge of pesto, not smeared. Brie & apple w/fig spread - simple but refreshing. Thinly sliced Granny Smith on brie. Fig spread is jammy and adds the perfect depth.. Burrata, bacon, arugula, tomatoes - the burrata was outstanding. would've preferred this w/o the bacon, which somewhat overpowered this bruschetta. Prosciutto, figs, mascarpone - brilliant combination. . The Pub Board is a great concept and cleverly presented - sliced soft pretzels, cornichons, aged cheddar (delish), giant corn nuts (so fun!) - just lacking stone ground mustard for the pretzels! Maybe they could add this.... . Loved our server - pleasant and professional.
I enjoyed the intimate atmosphere, dim lighting, and yummy bruschetta. It was a perfect spot for my birthday dinner last year, cool & romantic.
I like Postinos. Good wine, generally friendly staff and the bruschetta is fantastic. On the downside, the place is small and can sometimes get crowded making an unhappy wait. When its a gorgeous day don't let the wait or the crowd stop you from sitting on the patio for brunch. Enjoy!
After hearing about this place for months, I just HAD to go try it out. It was a Thursday night and surprisingly really busy. After walking in and not seeing anyone seating, we sat ourselves. The ONE hostess on duty then scolded us for doing so. Then after being confused, within 15 minutes three diff servers approached our table. Onewith water, one for a drink order and one to take our order. None of them smiled or seemed to care to wait on us, probably bc we weren't drinking wine. If it wasn't for the remarkable bruschetta and proscuttio sandwich, I would have left. The food is incredible and I would go back for takeout but the service really sucked.
I'm such a fan of my Postino! I am addicted to the bruschetta! I start craving it after a few weeks of not having it! In fact, I will go bread free and NOT have any bread .. SO I can load up on bruschetta when I come here. This place is packed.. No matter when you come here. I want to say get here 'early' , but truly.. there is no 'early' at Postino. Just get here! Get your name on the list and get your belly near the bar and get your drinks ordered. I usually never change things up too much. I love red wines and that is what I go with .. always. I like the $5 wines until 5pm. After that, if this is where my group is hanging , we generally go with the bottle then. The bottles are priced at 3x the amount of the glass price. Not bad and not hard to figure out. The meat board is great .. the cheese board is divine. All bruschettas ...mmmmmm. I've never done any desserts here. Maybe I should . But I usually am not a dessert girl. So I use my calories on wine, bread and cheese! I only brought my star down one as the last time I was here our waiter was to split the bill with me and my flight attendant friend from NYC. Instead, not only did he split it, he split and added the full cost to my card too! It took about 5 business days to correct! I'm still a fan, though.. Catering: I catered a small gathering at my place with bruschettas and paninis . Perfect and on time. You pay as you order.
The food was great but our service was terrible. We had made reservations for a large group and was greeted as if we were the worst table assignment she could have ever had.  We had wine and bruschetta which were both amazing. It was pretty busy for a week night and extremely loud for a sit down restaurant.  I'd make reservations and go with loud friends.
I have been to this location on 3 separate occasions. Food is consistently delicious!! Parking is consistently crappy. You have to be one of the lucky 5 people to get a non-valet spot. If you don't, good luck finding street parking that isn't resident-only. Sometimes your only choice is valet. I guess I'm cheap, but it makes me angry that I have to tip a guy to walk 10 feet to get my car. Oh well.. 2 of the 3 times I have been the service was great. This last time, was not so great. I was in a large party (~10 people) and they sat us right away, which was awesome. The place was not very busy as we were there for a very early dinner on a Sunday (4pm). Our waiter took our drink orders at 4:15, they were delivered and then disappeared until 5 (whichis, you guessed it, then end of Happy Hour). He came back at 5:01 on the dot. Kinda sucks. As we were all hungry and eager to order, but it was not until sometime later that he re-appeared for the food order. \. . He did the whole, "I'm too awesome to write down any of your orders" bit. Even though we were each getting an order of Bruchetta (which gives the option to choose 4). Luckily, he got our orders correct, but if he hadn't? I am not going to tip you more because you didn't write it down!  Even if you get it right 95% of the time, it's really crappy for that 5% that you mess up! Anyway, our food came and it was delish! . . When our bill came, I realized why he didn't show his face more than the few times over the 3 hours that we were sitting there....they pre-added in his tip. 20%! He was made whether he gave us good service or not. . . I will be going back because, like I said, I usually have great service and ALWAYS have great food....but this one encounter did put a sour taste in my mouth.
Went there with friend for a late lunch.  It was very busy for a Sat. afternoon.  People were very friendly and we spent the 30 min wait at the bar with a couple of glasses of wine.  The bartender was very much on top of it.  We ordered three appetizers: Cheese plate, olives and tomato+ mozzarella.   All was very good.  The prices didn't make sense though.  I think the cheese plate was a fantastic value considering what you get.  But the tomato and cheese version was prob. not worth the money.  The bowl of Olives is what it is.  I liked it, my friend wanted some salty olives in there too which was all oil cured olives.  I am a fan and will go.  Just a side note; it seems that you have to have many visible tattoos to work here, so if you don't want your wait staff to be very casual and with lots of piercing etc. be warned.  Also, we saw a person who must have been a mgr scold a couple of the staff in front of everyone which I thought was not necessary.  Mainly because they weren't doing anything wrong secondly I am sure this could have been done in the back of the house.  Overall, nice atmosphere and loved the garage door open walls which gave the open air feel.  I liked how the bartenders were on top of it even though they were busy.  Our tap for the three apps and 4 glasses of wine was $50 plus a $10 tip makes it not a cheap place to just chill in the afternoon but I will be back prob. later in the evening for a happy hour or something.
Food was good and service was great. I would go back:)
Good wine and excellent bruschetta. Great waitstaff.
This place has a great atmosphere.  Plenty of good food and friendly service.  Parking is at a premium so use the valet!  Try the Butchers Block!
Really good.  Great ambiance.  Good wine list and great bruschetta.
Love the wine selection, incredible bruschetta, but questionable service. Went here with a party of 10 and the service was terrible--probably because we were a big enough party to add automatic gratuity, so the servers (we had several!) didn't seem too concerned with us. But again, the prices, wine selection, and bruschetta make it worth the visit!
Great date spot. We had the bruschetta and cheese with wine. It's a busy place but you're not easily distracted from who you're with. Staff is helpful with suggesting wines and it's $5 for a glass between 11a-5p. Not a bad deal.
Best place to take out-of-towners. I wish I still lived a half mile from this place but alas, I moved away. My roomie and I would bike here regularly. They have great 1/2 off wine bottle specials on Sundays. Postino is responsible for many Monday morning headaches :)
Always busy, but i'm a fan of their Monday and Tuesday board/bottle deal.. plus their bruscetta is probably the best i've had here in town.
4-stars for the food and wine. The ambiance is nice, but as with most Upward Projects ventures, I feel like they're trying too hard. Let the food speak for itself. All the trendy decor is just a magnet for hipster douches. Nothing ruins my bruschetta and merlot like some horn-rimmed square talking loudly about his latest inde rock band 'find' or his 'sweet pieces of vinyl' at the proximal table. Dude...SHUT UP!
I've been to postino central but it was my first time trying postino arcadia, i like the decor better at arcadia than at central.  The food tasted great, . very yummy and great place to hang out with friends.
Great location and the bruschetta is amazing. If you can go for happy hour the wine and bruschetta combo for $20 is as good as it can get.  May I recommend the Malbec. The only downside to this location is the the music is louder inside so an intimate conversation would be difficult unless your on the patio. However I will continue to come back over and over again!
I like this place for their appetizers (bruschettas and olives), their wine and beer selection and their happy hour prices ! Its a perfect after work before dinner kind of a place.
Postino is that perfect weekend brunch spot. If you have a random Thursday off of work and want to grab lunch by yourself, this is the perfect environment. Great bellinis on the weekend mornings are the best way to start a day of relaxing.
I finally made it to Postino! Nobody ever wanted to go with me and I was finally able to talk my friend into going to the one next to my hair dresser. Arcadia!  . . Like I said, I went with a friend for lunch and it was so freaking delicious!. . I ordered the Prosciutto with Brie Panini, which includes.... . Prosciutto with triple cream brie, fig jam and arugula. I think they spread honey or something else on the bread. . . I would like to say my friend was really hesitant to go because she just didn't like Postino based on past experiences. . . However, she had gone to the location on central, not Arcadia. This info will be important later. Back to my yummy panini. . . I have never been crazy about prosciutto but Brie...one of my fav cheeses. Add sweet fruityness to it and I'm sold! . . Based on the options on the menu this sounded like the best choice for me and I am so glad I know myself so well.. . The generous amount of meat combined with the perfect amount of cheese on great bread all brought together with this amazing sweet spread and some healthy greenage. . . I mean it was probably one of the greatest things I have eaten in a long time. . . This was so true that 3 days later I told my husband we are going for lunch as I must eat this sandwich again! This time we went to the central location. . . So not the same. :(. . The meat portion was half and the brie was just off and my sandwich was just not spectacular. Hence why I think my friend was against Postino for so long. She had only ever been to central. . . So I highly recommend Postino but I can only recommend the Arcadia location and it's the only one I will go to. Even though it's far for me, it's worth the drive past the central location onto Arcadia. . . Not joking....Amazing! Eat it!
I don't eat here, but I get take out every couple of months. I love the pizzeria salad, or whatever it's called. . I ALWAYS bring home a slice of the red velvet cake, too. It turns my poop red, so I know it's the real deal.. This place is always busy, so you can't be an impatient Nancypants when you go. . While you are waiting, you can do some shopping and find some cool specialty foods.
I always loving going to Postino's.. Love the bruschetta.. Use the valet parking or else you'll have a heck of a time finding a parking spot.. I
Warm and romantic ambience for any occasion, Postino offers a plethora of bruschetta and Panini to feed your carb need.  The servers are extremely knowledgeable and this spot has a wide selection of carefully selected wines for the true wine aficionado.
I have been here several times for brunch and I know I'm surly one of very few who have not hit the happy hour here, but I will.  Close to home, great food.  Service has always been wonderful.
Great food and ambiance!
Finally made it in here for their weekend brunch. Its the Postino standard deliciousness! I had the country toast... Italian ham, Gruyere and eggs with a Dijon mayo, served on sourdough. I love the way the cheese melts and gets all crispy on the bread.  Then topped with the magic combo of ham and eggs... The tomato salad on the side has a basil vinaigrette that was really yummy. I skipped mimosas this go round, but it should be noted that they're a mere $5, as are bellinis at brunch time. . Service was fast, friendly and they kept the water glasses full. Also, at 11am on a Sunday, we waited only about 5 minutes for a table.  :)
This place always has a fun vibe and a great patio. Love meeting girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta.  Good service and nice atmosphere, a true staple.
Wonderful platter of bruschetta and a happy friendly staff.. . Only down side for me, is that I personally dislike large crowds and a load atmosphere, and this place will sometimes get that way.  But that means it's got to be good then!. . Wine selection is very nice as well.
I liked it. The food was pretty good and the wine and beer selections were great.  It's definitely more of a happy hour spot for me though.
Wow, looks like this makes review #700 for Postino's! I'm sure by now you all have heard of the great Monday night deal which includes a bottle of wine and their yummy bruschetta, and it doesn't really matter what kind of bruschetta you get, because its all delicious so they are all good choices. Other than the good monday night deal, this is simply just an overall cool little quaint spot to spend a couple hours, especially great for a date. It's dark, and intimate, nice baby-making music playing in the background... . . Not too many drawbacks I can think of other than parking being limited, and since it is a fairly small location, it can get crowded quick. Oh, and I must confess I did find it just a smidgen on the hipster side, but not enough to keep me away thats for sure.
So cute, I love this place! My profile picture was actually taken there. Very great patio, we held a post graduation party with about 20 people and it was perfect. One person in our party unrolled her napking to find a coupon for a free dinner in the napkin, what a great idea! Very fun atmosphere.
Had a super time at Postino, great selection of wines!  Good food and nice environment.
Love coming here for $20 Tuesday deal; you just can't beat it.  I have to say, the salmon Bruschetta is my favorite of all of them.  The bottle deal can't be beat and the selections are nice. Very broad.  They change it every couple months as well, so always trying new wines.  Highly recommend getting a reservation because it's always packed on Tuesdays.  The service is great, though sometimes, if they are having a bad day, they tend to complain about how busy they are.  While I empathize, I'm here to relax and get away from my work troubles. Just be patient with them and they will treat you right.
The atmosphere there is great, the food is pretty simple but tastey. I go there for their wine. It really is a great selection and the staff is pretty knowledgeable. I had the tuna sandwich for the first time the other day, cause I normally get the brushetta(sp?) and it was really good. It wasn't mayonnaise-ey. I would also recommend the nine iron.
Grea food and wine.  Lovely atmosphere.  A bit overpriced and entirely too loud, but that's the price for popularity!  .   My largest complaint would be that the service is a bit slow, and the servers seem incredibly overworked.  They should be paid more as without them the experience isn't worth showing up for.
Good bruschetta and sandwiches. $5 wines by the glass til 5 pm. Great for people watching. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Cool wines by the glass and bottle. Unique wines to take home too.
The food and service was excellent. But, be aware that parking is limited.
I love the atmosphere, the staff, and the food.  My go-to for a girls' night out or a laid-back date.
First time here and very impressed! My wife and I brought my parents here and we loved it!  The bruschetta board is the way to go with big servings of each.  We had the red peppers and goat cheese, apple brie and dates, classic bruschetta, and the smoked salmon. All were delicious!  The atmosphere is pretty trendy, and you have to valet your car cause there is no parking around the area.  To be honest its a little hard to have conversations in there as the music was pretty loud.  I could see how they would have that cause it seemed geared more to a younger crowd.  That was the only drawback.  I also had one of their Panini's, the Nine Iron.  It was good but could of done with out so much lettuce and had more meat.  Overall a great experience and coming back again to enjoy the bruschetta board.
One of my favorites in the VALLEY!!!!
Set up: girl that is almost always hungry or ready for her next meal + late flight into Phoenix the night before (thereby missing dinner) = ravenous girl @ Postino. . Summer Delight (SD) and I were seated at a pretty perfect table, in the corner, next to the window. Which definitely came in handy in terms of hiding our slight shame when the onslaught of food and booze arrived at our tiny little table for 2!. . In true fattiness, we ordered enough food to feed a family of 5! And of course with their happy hour offerings for wine and beer it was too awesome to pass up on! . . 1. Selection of 4 Bruschetta's: pretty good variety of options, ingredients were fresh, generously portioned and flavor combinations worked. My only problem was the bread to goods ratio. Even though I am a thorough carbivore, it was a bit too much bread for my pref and I tend to like less dense bread for my bruschetta. Nonetheless a great deal for $14!. . 2. Autostrada Panini - I am not one to pass up on any meat, on meat, on meat, on meat action (yes, 4 types of salty cured pig parts...especially in regards to the Soppressata, LOL!)! And the spicy pepper relish was a nice added zing to bring together all that goodness. LOL!!. . 3. Bella Postino (warm artichoke dip and white bean hummus with assorted MJ breads) - Probably...no...definitely could have done without this given the amount of food we already ordered but still a good staple to order if you're here with more than 2 people! Haha!. . And then on to the best part! They have a great happy hour where their wine by the glass and PITCHERS of beer are just $5!! Loved that there were so many options! You seldom see that here in San Francisco. So it was quite glorious! There was definitely some remorse that I stuffed myself so much I didn't have more capacity to fully take advantage of it! . . SD also introduced me to a locally produced beer, I believe it was the HopShock? Pretty freaking delicious!. . Good food/booze and wonderful company certainly made this a very memorable meal! If I ever find myself in AZ again I will definitely revisit this place. Especially now that I have learned from my mistake of not properly allocating my stomach capacity for happy houring here! ^____^. . "I am not a glutton, I am an explorer of food" ~ Erma Bombeck
Delicious as far as the food goes, but I much prefer the ambiance of the location in Arcadia.
We are new to the area and a lot of people kept telling us to check out Postino.  Wefinally were able to on a Thursday around 7:30.  The place was cool, I liked the vibe, BUT do not go here if loud music bothers you because they are definitely cranking it.  The fig/prosciutto bruschetta and the tomato jam with sheeps cheese were our favorite!
Delicious bruschetta! Loved the setting. This is a great place for a nice ladies lunch :)
Awesome.  Sooooo Good!!!!  Go here, you will not be disappointed!. . A funny story from here...we asked the one server (a guy) to take my date and my picture together.  When he got the phone, he hit something that went to the gallery...and he said, "There are some pictures on here I am not supposed to see...I didn't look at them..."  We just laughed....
Great place to meet for breakfast or lunch. Great variety and very personal service. I especially like the variety and unusual options for snacks, sandwiches and more. Can't beat the prices for beer. Parking can be tough but it's worth the trouble. Can't wait to get back to try something new!
Food is incredible, good pricing. No reservations unless you have 8 people but its impossible to get a table for 7 in the evening. Also, the valet only parking is dumb.
What a nice place to share with a friend for a nice wine and bite to eat.
I love Postinos as much  as anyone else, always have amazing food and of course a great selection of wine. However this place has become such a headache. It is almost impossible to get a seat any more on Mon or Tues night because of their $20 bottle of wine and bruchetta board. The special starts at 8pm, we got there over 45 min early one night and the wait was an hour and a half. I wish they would either extend the hours, get extra table or do something so they can accommodate all of their clients. They will accept reservations if you have a party of 8 or more. So last Mon. we called ahead and made reservations for our large group, we arrived 20 min early to ensure that they would have enough time to get our table ready and they told us that they just gave our tables away to 2 smaller groups. Hello?!?! We were EARLY to our reservations. Very disappointed.
Love this place on a Sunday afternoon. Music, wine and good bruschetta!
nice place
Great wine specials! Sunday's $5 glasses of wine and their Monday & Tuesday special of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 is amazing! It does get busy so don't go if you're in a hurry but it is worth a try.
What a great place to go.  Their bruschetta board is great.  Also made it for happy hour which is on wine and beer and it's fantastic.  The ambience is casual but classy.  Love the outdoor space.  Would definitely go again!
Wine and bruschetta are to die for. A hipsters paradise.
Definitely a cool place for food & drinks. I got there at 11:30 am on Friday for a business lunch to find it pretty empty and quiet, and by 12:30 the place was packed and loud. Great indoor/outdoor spot with a variety of seating options (high top, bar, couches, regular tables, etc). The menu isn't giant but there are a lot of good things on it. The mixed salad is out of this world awesome - the crispy fennel, gorgonzola, and sweet nuts really is something else. The focaccia bread on the sandwiches is bomb. I had the only vegetarian sandwich option and it was pretty basic. I do wish they had a second vegetarian option that was a little more exciting than hummus/cukes/tomatoes.
You could sit down and watch all three Lord of the Rings movies in the time it takes to make it to the valet stand, but your patience will pay off.  Postino has a great selection of wine and the epic bruschetta menu is fitting of the parking experience-- long, complicated, and worth the wait.  I deducted a star because I find that the selection of other food lacks variety.  For example, they offer many salads that are terribly similar.  Yes, I know there are only so many variations on a salad but these just all blend together and become forgettable.  If you're going for wine and cheese and bruschetta, you won't be disappointed.  My precious!
