After wandering about the city for a few hours, I'd worked up quite the appetite and, thanks to numerous recommendations, knew exactly where I needed to go to satisfy it. When we arrived, the line of fifteen people outside of the deli simply reinforced the importance of visiting for a taste of Schwart's smoked meats. Thankfully, Jeremy K noticed a foursquare tip about the smaller extension, Schwartz's A Cote, which saved us a great deal of time. We ordered, ate, and left before the people waiting ahead of us had even made it into the larger restaurant.. . Heeding the advice of many, I ordered a smoked meat sandwich and a cherry soda. Almost instantaneously, we received our sandwiches, which were stuffed with much more meat than the bread could support and topped with a bit of yellow mustard. The meat was tender and flavorful, Schwartz's secret blend of herbs and spices complementing the brisket's natural flavor without overwhelming it. The mustard added a subtle kick that kept the focus on the meat while also introducing a bit of diversity to this meal. From the first bite, it is clear why this place has developed its reputation, and the value found in each overstuffed sandwich served to enhance my experience further.
Schwartz's is the oldest deli in Canada,dating back since 1928.Just walking through the door is a blast from the past, with its old school deli stool counter, and tables packed back to back, walls plastered with photographs, awards, and featured magazines. Even the waitstaff have the old deli hats.. . Let alone, the pastrami sandwich ($5.90) is fantastic. The pastrami is steamed and smoked enough so that the meat breaks down and falls apart in your mouth upon biting into it. The meat is thrown between two pieces of light rye bread  and a light coating of yellow mustard. However, for those mustard pastrami mustard fiends like myself, there are bottles available on each table allowing you to liberally slather on as much mustard to your liking. It is leaps and bounds above many people's expectations. Don't forget to add a dill pickle ($1.60) to add some much needed crunchy texture, and a Cott Cerise Noire ($1.80), a yummy cherry soda, to swallow it all down. If you're really hungry, a small plate of fresh homemade french fries ($2.65), crispy on the outside and potatoey on the inside.. . But Schwartz's has been a long-time contender to the famous Katz's Deli in New York City and I couldn't help but to compare the two (they even had a Maxim article comparing the two just above where I was sitting, see photo). This is not your classic Pastrami on Rye that you are accustomed to seeing in New York City. There are subtle differences: from the lighter and softer rye bread compared to the heavier and thicker version sold at Katz's and delis throughout America, simple and sub-standard yellow mustard is used as compared to the more savory deli/spicy brown mustard, to the pastrami, and the portions are smaller. The flavors in the pastrami are not as deep and smoky, holding a bit of the flavor from its corned beef brethren. But there is one thing that Schwartz's reigns supreme, the price!! For the price of a Pastrami Sandwich ($5.60), Cott Soft Drink ($1.80), Dill Pickle ($1.60), and French Fries ($2.65), it still blows the price of a $14.95 Pastrami Sandwich at Katz's Deli. Sometimes price can make all the difference in the taste of food and that just might do it for me.. . And another sidenote: Get there well BEFORE 12pm. Luckily we arrived at Schwartz's at 11:45 AM on New Year's Day when there were still a decent amount of tables empty. But as we ate, the place was fully packed, with strangers squished together and sharing tables. There was no seat unoccupied. By the time we left, there was a long line extending out the door and 2-3 storefronts down.
There's no doubt that you're going to get a good sandwich at Schwartz's but for me, it's just not worth the long wait and crowded space. . . The sandwiches are very large and satisfying and you must try them at least once but be prepared to wait...and wait...and....ohmygodi'msohungry...wait.
An excellent little deli in Montreal, with the best smoked meat sandwich I have ever had. . . The restaurant truly deserves the name hole in the wall, being a long tube with a preparation area on one side and a side of basic tables that you, if you don't have enough friends, usually get to share with some strangers during the busy hours.. . The smoked meat sandwich is excellent, with just the right amount of spice and flavor from the seasoning, and the side choices make it a perfect inexpensive meal in a city that can get heavy on the wallet or expense account. . . They will also sell you the spices you need for beef, chicken, and fries, so you can take the experience with you when you leave Montreal. Just make sure to take enough, since it's excellent on steak and goes quick.
This was my second visit to a truly world-famous place. I brought my son at about 1830 on a Fri eve; 15-minute wait was tolerable. So was table sharing. . . The smoked meat is always a revelation. Unfortunately, our plate contained a lot of fat; though I am beginning to believe fat is beloved by Montreal diners. The rye bread and fries were excellent. The other sides were special, too; half-sour pickle, hot peppers, vinegar cole slaw. We spent about $27 CAD for a large meat plate, fries, peppers, slaw, and pickle.. . Mile End Deli in Brooklyn is as good, and maybe better.
It's the famous spot for smoked meat in Montreal. Heck, they even have a musical about them. . . We had a blast. Went at an off time (3pm on a Monday) and got right in. Met some nice Franadiens who now live in the States. We all took each other's pictures. . . This was the second place we got smoked meat during our trip. Schwartz's got great marks. Less heavy on the brine/spices which allowed you to taste the actual meat. Bonus points for oil based cole slaw that was excellent. Be sure to grab a cherry soda and enjoy!
This place is delicious! I just got the smoked meat (medium) and french fries and it was such a filling lunch! All the seasonings in/on the meat are so tasty!
This was my second visit to the world-famous Schwartz's.  . . If ever given the choice between lean and medium... My rule of thumb is to always choose medium.  There ain't nothing like smoked meat with a tad bit of fat to give you that mouth-melting goodness!  Their fries are heavenly.  It appears they fry them twice.  Whatever it is that they do, it is just bursting with potatoe-y goodness!. . For me, the sandwich itself is a little bit oily, but still tastes amazing.  It is on my list of "to-do's" every single time I'm in Montreal!
ok I had to do the tourist thing and go to this fabulous staple. Didn't know what to expect being used to the NYC pastrami scene, but I must say smoked brisket with the blend of peppercorn and other spices rocked my taste buds! Great way to start for my first visit to  Montreal!!
AMAZINGGGG!!!!. cheap and good food, what more can you ask for. Only 6 bucks for a smoked meat sandwich...try the black cherry and the sausage too. I only gave 4 stars because of the 30mins line up and cramped place, if you are going with only 2 people be prepared to eat in a table with strangers because its a very small place
Awesome smoked beef, Great coleslaw & pickles. Love the atmosphere, the hussle & bussle.. Will definitely eat here again when in Montreal.. Nothing bad to say, a GREAT experience, you can see why they are such an institution!!
I'm worried my rave reviews in Montreal will undermine my Yelp rating integrity, but all the recommendations we received have more than lived up to expectations.  People are not joking about Schwartz's!  It's delicious.  We were lucky to experience next to no wait, despite arriving at 12:15 (it helped that it was a Wednesday).  Our waiter was very nice and we both got smoked meat sandwiches (mine with medium fat, his with more fat), shared some fries and one pickle, and each drank a Cott's black cherry soda (recommended by the waiter).  As a lover of Zingerman's in Ann Arbor, I have to especially note that this smoked meat is something special.  I like pastrami every once in a while in the States, but this was a distinctive flavor and the portion size was just right.  I left feeling full but not regretful.. . Schwartz's is definitely worth a trek, and even a wait.  And get the Cott's to round out the experience.
Booya! If the words 'fatty smoked meat sandwich' don't scare you, then let Schwartz's hold the key to your heart. Located on the Main (St. Laurent Boulevard), this legendary deli offers up the best salty sammy in the city. Served with the house mustard, I order mine with a side of pickle. Trust me, you'll need the tart flavor to cut through that juicy fat! It's a messy and extremely unhealthy eat that I doubt my arteries could stand too often, but once a month? Sure, twist my rubber arm why don't you...
Given the reputation of - apparently - one of the world's best Deli, I had to root out the evil at last. And gosh that tasted like the best smoked meat sandwich I ever had. . . Briefly (because that's what Schwartz is about: come, eat and leave): lovely setting with a friendly, nice and efficient service. I got my sandwich in less than 30 seconds after I ordered it. I also appreciated how focused the deli is as you have only 3 types of sandwiches only. However, I won't crave for their decent but quite common fries.. . Money talk: 2 cokes, 2 sandwiches ($6 each) and 1 fries amounted to $21 not including tip. Hey Cramer, get the price right. . . Overall, you will love Schwartz, for both the food and its lively atmosphere and I recommend you go there for a 3 pm lunch.
It's hard to explain to anyone from outside of Quebec how "Smoked meat" is far superior to anything like Pastrami or corned beef. It's worth the trip. One of the best sandwiches in town. Don't be a wuss and order it on the "fatty" side...
Awesome smoked meat. Be ready to pass out after eating this sandwich. The pickle was so juicy, but a little too salty for my liking.
I came here on American Thanksgiving. Had a smoked meat sandwich and switched with my friend for half a turkey sandwich. . . Delish. I am a fan of smoked meats. This place is great but not as good as Mile End in NYC. Lol...the copy of Montreal smoke meat in NYC is better than the original.
Great smoked meat! A montreal classic. A symbol of the city..  I love pastrami and brisket but this is even better. I agree with the yelpers it is better than Katz's in NYC though it is different.. . It is old fashion sandwich with flavor and smokiness.. It is cheap and you have to fight in lines and lines so go in summer time or spring or you will turn into icicles.
Walked into the restaurant on a Sunday at around noon and no line ups. Score!. The restaurant had a nice old deli like feel to it, and looking at all the articles from different publications and old photo's on the walls you can tell this place has created huge buzz all around the world and created a great legacy.  All this hoopla fueled my expectation.. . First thing we got was the pickle.  Best I have ever had, it just had the right amount of juice and the texture or crunch factor was just right.. . My cousin and I shared a full plate of medium smoked meat and it totally met our expectations.  The meat was perfect and not too dry or salty, and the fatty part of the meat just melts in your mouth.  It was so good I ordered a pound of fatty meat to go after our meal.  . . I have not had such good smoked meat since my trip to L.A when I had the pastrami sandwich at The Hat.  Scharwtz has just topped mylist as the best smoked meat joint ever.. . Highly recommend!
Yes, it's great, it's got viande fume or smoked meat, and it's insanely famous.  They provide good portions and good value in a charmingly bare bones deli style cafe, and if you get it "medium fatty" you'll be rewarded with a rich ribbon of fat that you can combine bite for bite with the more crumbly meat parts.. . But if you are a foodie, I'm begging you to also try Reuben's downtown.  It's on my list of "best evers" for their more moist very of smoked meat. I tried both restaurants eight years ago when I was in town for a conference, and again last week, and came to the same conclusion: the moister, richer experience of Reuben's cannot be matched! More details:. http://www.yelp.com/biz/reubens-deli-montreal#hrid:yqpzawU4dU69Tv4kqNa6XQ
Passage oblige si vous venez a Montreal.. . L'endroit est exigue donc prevoir de venir y manger a un autre moment qu'a l'heure des repas LOL parce qu'il y a toujours une line up de fous! Enfin comme on dit plus c'est long, plus c'est bon! Et c'est vrai!
If you love smoked meat or even if you think you don't...go here! While in Montreal, my husband desperately wanted to eat at Schwartz's. My smoked meat experience has not been great but I agreed because I'm a wonderful wife :) I am now a Schwartz's convert. . . We waited in line for 2 minutes. We sat down in the packed deli and ordered 2 sandwiches medium, 2 drinks, 2 pickles (YUM!) and 1 order of fries. The food came quickly and it did not disappoint. The fries were hot and complimented the sandwiches. Our bill was a little over $25. We will definitely return on our next visit to Montreal.
The smoked meat is good but end of the day, it's smoked meat.  About 1/4 of the smoked meat was a bit drier than I had liked.  Overrated reputation?  A bit.  Service is prompt and some of the servers are very friendly.  Some are just unnecessarily rude.
Schwartz's est un classique de Montreal, connu pour son fameux sandwhich smoke-meat. Il y a presque toujours une ligne d'attente a l'exterieur mais ca en vaut le cout autant pour la bouffe que l'ambiance d'une epoque d'autre fois. Soyez prets a en resortir le bedaine pleine!. . Vous pouvez aussi y acheter plusieurs de leurs produits pour emporter si vous preferez y acheter votre viande et en profiter a partir du confort de votre maison.. . C'est un endroit ideal pour le lunch ou un souper rapide entre amis. Rien de complique, service rapide et bouffe remplissante.
Great place for a smoked meat sandwich!!  There was a LONG line, but thankfully it was just two of us so we got to cut to the front.  . . My husband got their fatty smoked meat sandwich, and I got their medium smoked meat sandwich- the fatty is definitely better!  Served on fresh rye bread with a little smear of mustard.  We also got a plate of fries to share.
I was only able to get cold meat because I came at 8:30 and hot meat wasn't available until 10:30. Man this was some tasty meat (that's what she said). Had a nice peperry bite and not too salty.  The hot meat is probably way better than the cold meat and if that's the case I would say it's worth waiting on the long lines I've read about.
The famous Schwartz's definitely doesn't disappoint. Line out the door even at the most obscure eating times. Montreal smoked meat, I've never had anything like the stuff at this place.
This is some awesome smoked meat. I read the reviews while I was standing on the long queue for seats in the restaurant side of the establishment. Some people said the meat was bland and tasteless, but after trying it myself I had to ask...where were they from and what do they usually eat?? . . The smoked meat was so tender and pretty flavorful, with just a bit of fat left on to make me swoon. I ate it plain without the bread or mustard and didn't feel it bland at all, maybe if you were comparing it to Southern American BBQ.. . However, as part of my Schwartz combo, I also had a steak with my smoked meat. I asked for rare and it was no where near it.  It was so overcooked and completely bland. It's probably why they sprinkle even more of their signature rub mixture on it before they served it to me, this piece of meat needs all the help it can get in the flavor department. The combo also came with an hot dog sausage, not too memorable.. . The sides were good though. The cole slaw was crisp and with just the right amount of vinegar, one of the best slaw I ever had. The large pickle was also just right. I devoured both.. . Stick to the smoked meat, ask for cole slaw, pickles, and peppers. Try to pair off when waiting in line. The counter opens up much faster and it always has room for two or less.
Went here on an absolute whim. A ny'er with a buddy in Montreal who reccomeded the place. hit it up on the way back to NY. Damn was it bangin! didnt have to wait on line at all, got there literally when it opened, so i cant comment on the wait.  is it the cleanest/nicest place? no. does it serve great smoked meat sandwich (which is what myself and gf had) f yes! do yourself a favor and try this place whilst in a great city. don't know if its better than katz's or whatever other jew deli in ny, cuz i don't waste my time and money in nyc. but it was certainly bangin!
a must stop when you are in montreal!. . I was in Mtl for the weekend and wind up eating here 2 nights in a row!. . The sandwiches here are unbelieveable! The smoked meat is so tasty and salty but so good. The bread definitely complements the meat!. . Not much of a line up if you come either later in the evening.. . Remember to leave a tip in the plate when you order take out and the servers will be extra nice and funny!
Smoked meat was on the menu of must-try foods while in Montreal.  I like pastrami, and corned beef (although maybe twice a year), and so I knew I'd be cool with a smoked meat sandwich.  . . It's kind of a far walk from the Mont Royal station, but I got some required souvenir shopping in as there are tons of boutiques and spots to do stroll around in.  I was heading to the airport that afternoon, and so wanted to take this sandwich to-go to unwrap at the airport and grub - because my airline did not offer any free snacks for a six-hour flight.  I answered back with Schwartz breath. . . Walked in and there was a short line, but the restaurant's seating area (which is minimal but still enough..  though you'll be stuffed like a sardine) was quite full.  They are very fast to service, and you pay and are out the door in a matter of less than 5 minutes (Wednesday around maybe 2pm?)  I asked for "medium fat", as that's what I'd been suggested to do.  I don't think they cared, and medium fat is probably the default.  . . Anyway, I unwrapped it at the airport a couple of hours later, and although the paper wrapping and bag were soaked with some grease, the sandwich itself was not greasy.  It wasn't glistening with oil.  The grease was just from the natural fats that are melted into the meat itself, and not dripping really - since it's a dry meat.  I think it was on a mild rye toast and slathered in mustard.  Yum!  The meat is sliced medium.. and perfect for just grabbing a chunk out of your sandwich and eating with your fingers.  Yes, us Californians have no shame.  . . I think it was around $7?  Great deal, lots of meat (and I mean like maybe 2" of meat stuffed into the sandwich), and you won't feel too heavy afterward.  I like!
I've heard so many good things about this place so when my family and I stopped by Montreal we had to give this place a try! We got there pretty late (around 8:30pm) and there still was a line leading to the front door! It was sort of confusing because there were two lines, I guess one was for eating in and the other was for take out.. . Inside is quite small and isn't the cleanest (but who cares because you're here for the smoked meat), service was very attentive and quick, and the sandwiches were very decently priced! My leftovers were a nice little snack the next day.. . Overall a decent place to grab a bite =)
We have had lunch at Schwartz's every time we come to Montreal.  There's always a bit of a wait, but people are friendly and we're generally seated pretty fast.  There are a series of communal tables of 8.  It's not a place where you linger over your meal.  People order, eat and go.  We shared our table today w/ a couple of guys from Vancouver, a professional soccer coach and the team trainer/doctor.  They were nice guys.  Another couple at the other end of the table ate quickly enough that we didn't even find out where they were from.. . We each ordered a smoked meat sandwich, Schwartz's specialty.  You have a choice of lean, medium or fat.  We chose medium.  Lean is reportedly too dry.  We overheard our server explain to someone that today's fat used to be medium 15 years ago, but cattle are being bred leaner these days, so they're unable to obtain the level of fat they used to.  We also ordered fries to share.  The fries came first.  There were fewer of them than at Steak Frites and they were much, much better.  The sandwiches were excellent, w/ rye bread that was on the small side and the smoked meat piled high.  It was a manageable portion and oh so tasty.. . There are two bathrooms for the entire restaurant, one for men and one for women.  They are basic and clean.  You pay up front at the cashier.  Alan was out of Canadian money and only had a $20.  He paid for our lunch and got change but was unable to fight his way back through the crowd, which had grown pretty thick, to tip the server.  We felt bad about that, because he'd been friendly, patient and helpful.  It was difficult even to get out the door.  It's a popular place.
Good smoked meat (seems like pastrami to me). Portion size of food is much better than New York's over the top delis, and well priced. If you like smoked beef, this is a great place.
We went here twice during the 4 days we were in Montreal.  (Yes, it's that good.)  We got the sandwiches to go (the to-go line never had a wait) and sat on the curb to eat them.  This is my favorite kind of food:  simple but delicious.  Don't forget to get a pickle with your sandwich.
So, I had such mixed feelings about my experience at Schwart's.  It was one of those things that was so hyped up to me that I expected it to be the most delicious sandwich ever.  However, that wasn't my favorite part by far, and I feel like it probably is what most people go for.  . . The staff are super friendly and, of course, happily spoke English.  They even went out of their way to strike up conversation with me while I was having my supper.  I went at a sort of off time and didn't have to wait for a seat or food.  I chose the bar since I was flying solo, and the food came out almost as quickly as I could order it.  It was perfectly fresh and tasty though, and certainly not a situation of having been pre-made.  . . The sandwich was certainly not the highlight of the meal for me, but it was good and the combination of it and the black cherry soda were fantastic.  The smoked meat on its own was top notch, but the bread just kind of got in the way for me.  I definitely had to add tons more mustard, but better too little than too much, I say. For me it was the fresh kosher pickle that really sealed the deal for me at this place.  It was perfectly crispy and sour and delicious.  If I hadn't been backpacking, there's no doubt that I would have purchase a jar for home.
Nothing fancy, but you get the best smoked meat. Nothing compares to Schwartz's in smoked meat.  A must if you are in Montreal. And, be ready for a line up outside.
I kind of agree with Leah - it was a great experience and the meat was fan-freaking-tastic (even though next time I'll go lean, but that's my own issues talking.) As a sandwich, I thought it was underwhelming.  Rumor has it that the secret is to get the plate, which is served with a rye that is apparently baked by angels in the opinion of some people I've spoken with. I'll be going back before I leave town, just to have it this way.  This place is worth a follow up for sure. Good show! Lots of history, lots of fun, and a good meal.
Yeah, yeah - it's a Montreal institution, it's been around for 80 years or what have you.  It was good, I guess, but like almost every place with a line up, I found myself a bit underwhelmed.  . . Prices are good, you get a lot of meat for your money, but I guess I was expecting a bit more complex flavour. It might just be that I don't know anything about smoked meat.  Service was good and quick and the pepperoni sticks were good too. . . I think I'll have to try Reuben's before I can evaluate it fairly.
Do this once.  Go get the smoked meat sandwich and make sure you order a pickle.  . . It is really really good and really cheap.  I split the large platter with my sister and that was sufficient for both of us with some food left when were done.. . That being said, i feel like having done it once I don't really need to do it again.
The to-go line moves quick so don't be too upset if you can't get into the restaurant, as was our case. Big but not unconquerable sandwiches and two types of really good coleslaw.  Not quite a New York kosher (style) deli...but definitely some Jews Canada can be proud of!
I have to admit I was a bit skeptical being a New Yorker who goes to Katz's but I ended up really liking this place.  It is small but there is a real order to the chaos.  Don't expect to get your own table as most of the tables are communal.  Waiter, and in our case other guests, were super friendly.  As far as the food, we started with a sour pickle and fries, excellent!   The Quebec version of smoked meat is more like a smoked corned beef compared to what I consider NY smoked meat which is Pastrami.  Nevertheless, the Quebec version is excellent!  Yum!  I didn't even touch the bread, took a forkful of smoked meat, little mustard and.....DELISH!  Highly recommend.  . . N.B - There is usually a long line in front of this place but luckily we breezed right in.
Love this place! Smoke meat is really good. The only problem : its really small and elbow to elbow seating isn't really pleasant.
Visted Schwartz from San Francisco and heard they had the best smoked meat sandwhich ever.  However, let me be honest it was not.  The problem was that it didn't taste smoked to me.  Just like a real good corned beef sandwhich that had been cooked for a few hours with pickling spices.   I tried the Karnatzel too and it was so-so.    . . All in all Schwartz's was good but I think my expectations were set too high.  If you go, make sure to get a pickle and a sweetpepper too!
I'm embarrassed to admit it as a native Montrealer... But today was my first time at the famous Schwartz's. But, we waited outside in the cold in line for about 45 minutes, so I think i should be forgiven :) The decor is what I imagine it looked like when it first opened 80 years ago, minus some of the newspaper clippings on the walls.. Everyone at our table had a classic smoked meat sandwich - I ordered lean and found it a little dry, so I added a touch more mustard. Those who had medium said the meat was perfect. The spice combination used here is different from what you'd find at other smoked meat places around the city.  The meat is flavourful, tender, and falls apart. The fries were good.  . The star of meal, you ask? A giant pickle! Quite possibly the best pickle I've ever had (and I consider myself a pickle connoisseur, even if nobody else does). I wanted to stop next door at the take out counter to bring some pickles home, but the take out counter was closed. So I'll be back - the pickle is worth waiting in line.
Normally, I wouldn't recommend eating at a Jewish Deli while touring the very French Montreal but this is a perfect place for a good and cheap lunch.  Located on St. Laurent street, there is plenty of parking on the street in and around the area.  It would be a long walk from the Old City but is very walkable from the North East area of the Mont Royal park.. . There is generally a line out the door but it goes quickly.  I took off a star from the review because there isn't much room once you get inside the door.  The wall on the left hand side is lined with tables so cramped that generally the back of your chair is resting on the back of the chair of the person eating behind you.  The waiters are quick, courteous, and very accommodating even if you have a small child in your party.. . As a New Yorker, I tend to compare any pastrami sandwich to that of our fabled Katz but I have to say that the hot pastrami sandwich with mustard was just as good, if not better than the one at Katz.  The only difference, a sandwich here will cost you $6 - $8 whereas the same sandwich in NYC will cost $16.  The pastrami is perfectly cooked, heaped onto rye bread, and melts in your mouth.  The hotdogs aren't bad either.. . For three sandwiches and fries, the bill was around $19.  You cannot beat that.  They only accept cash and you pay up in the front of the deli.  They do take American dollars but will give change in Canadian coin.  If you are low on cash there is an ATM in the back by the bathrooms but don't depend on it as my Visa card didn't work there.
When you travel, there are always places that everyone tells you to try which end up being overrated, tourist trap disappointments. Thankfully, Schwartz's is not one of those. Despite being on the list of almost any person I spoke to about Montreal, Schwartz's amazingly lived up to its hype because of its smoked meat sandwich. That sandwich would easily be able to throw down with Katz's pastrami in terms of pure, smokey, beefy goodness with a little mustard. As I found out on wikipedia, montreal smoked meat is basically brisket, but it's different from pastrami in that more peppercorns and a lot less sugar are used. . . The craziest thing about this sandwich is that despite the overflowing, thick cuts of meat piled on your sandwich, it costs $6. six dollars?! Last time i checked, katz's pastrami sandwich was somewhere around $15. Even on a wet, snowy, December night, there was a line of about 10 people standing outside for their smoked meat fix. Now I understand why. . . Along with hockey, poutine, and vancouver dimsum, Canada should be damn proud of its montreal-style smoked meat.
this place is an institution...a must for tourist and locals!. its also gross and the atmosphere is dull...but who the F cares, the smoked meat (corn beef for south of the border) is AWESOME!. the line-up are for a reason...expect them, but they are fast!
Seeing a line outside a restaurant year round is usually a good sign, and in this case, it certainly is!. . A mound of lean, regular or fatty (artery clogging) served on seemingly tiny slices of bread with mustard, this smoked meat sandwich is to die for!  I would eat here regularly if it wouldn't plug my arteries.  The balance of flavors for the meat, mustard, and rye bread is great and will certainly fill you up!. . The wait can be daunting sometimes, but it's certainly worth giving it a try!
The medium cut smoked meat sandwich on rye is very good.  It tastes like an extra meaty and flavorful pastrami sandwich.  Unlike Katz's, you don't even need mustard or any other seasoning.  Needless to say, I brought back 2 pounds in sealed bags to bring home.  Portions are very generous and the prices are fantastic!  Just be warned that the line can get long.
Every time that I have been to Montreal in the last six years, I have gone to Schwartz's.  More because of my husband's affliction for it: If we're in the city, he needs to go and get his fix. After all this time, I don't blame him.. . Everyone has their own way of ordering - and I don't judge (unless that way is 'lean'; that I don't understand.) You might want a cherry coke with your sandwich. You might eat your sandwich with a knife and a fork. And that's fine. (My order? A sandwich, fries to share, a pickle, cherry coke. The A1 steak sauce needs to be nearby, too.). . I don't know if I would call this place 'the best restaurant in Canada' or 'the Katz's of Montreal', but it is terribly good smoked meat, in a style very different from New York delis (bagels and smoked meat - it's what sets New Yorkers and Montrealers apart). It's mouthwateringly delicious, served in a setting that requires that you get close to your neighbour (and I've had some great conversations as a result).. . The line appears daunting, but the guy manning the door knows what he's doing. Trust him. Trust the staff inside. Trust the smoker in the kitchen that has been churning out incredible sandwiches for the past 82 years.. . I just hope that Celine Dion doesn't mess it up when the sale is finalized.
So very goood!  The smoked meat sandwich, medium fat, w/ dill pickle was awesome.  I think the fattiest one would be even better.  The line was not tooo bad, despite the cold and the interesting people you'll see on that street.  . . Price-good.. Food-amazing.. Service-great.. Wait-boooo!. . ...but well worth the wait!
This is obv a tourist jaunt, but no matter. The smoked meat was really good.  Akin to Katz or Sarges or similar goodness in NYC Jewish delis. (I still prefer Katz - just had it the other day). What shocked me most was the price. Only $6 for a sandwich loaded with meat? That's about a third of the NYC prices. Wow. Me like. . . If u don't wanna wait in line 10 to 30 minutes, u can go next door to their takeout section and eat it standing up. One sandwich and half an order of fries should fill you up.
Good smoked meat sandwich. The medium is pretty lean for what I'm used to in a pastrami or smoked meat so i prefer the fatty. Must get it with a pickle! Nothing goes better with this mound of meat and mustard than a pickle. Best to go to earlier in the week for an early lunch to avoid the long line.
This place was recommended on various online forum. We arrived there after noon and there was already a queue forming. Fortunately, the turnover was quick and we have our seats after about 15 mins. A new-comer would be slightly lost with how to order as the signboard display was simplified. My friend who has been here before ordered on our behalf for their famous smoked meat sandwich and coleslaw. The many posters on the walls served as interesting past-time while waiting for our order. The sandwich came with two small slices of soft bread but large portion of meat, which was tender and succulent enough but not too fatty. The coleslaw complemented it well. Though we did not feel pressurized to hurry through our eating, they offer take-away service too, which could make eating more leisurely and enjoyable. if have the chance, will return to try other items on the menu.
I had my first smoked meat experience in Brampton, Ontario. My colleague at the time said it was the best smoked meat in Ontario. I had no expectation since the only other thing I had that remotely resembled it was Arby's. When I had it, the meat was dry like the desert, and the mustard was over powering the flavour of the meat. So when Banana Girl wanted to try it at Schwartz, I was a little hesitant.. . . As we were drenched in sweat while walking down the Saint Laurent Blvd during our holidays, we were looking left and right for this place. When we arrived, we immediately walked to a packed store filled with history. It looks like a very traditional meat shop. Employees were dressed in uniforms resembling the movie American Gangster. We sat down dumbfounded, and full of curiosity. We obviously knew we wanted smoked meat but didn't know if there was a selection. The nice waiter (who looked like he worked there for 40+ years) told us that the best was  1/2 and  1/2. (Lean and fat) When it came, it looked amazing.. . . We didn't even attempt to use our utensils. We grabbed the sandwich and we were going for it. Smoked meat in general has a very strong flavor. I have done some homework on the technique of smoking, and understand that dehydration is a part of the process. I can't really explain why juices were coming down my hand. The mustard was a nice compliment to the sandwich itself. I just want to say, I will never have a Montreal Smoked Meat ever again, UNLESS I have the opportunity to visit Schwartz. I've been to the alpha, the mecca of this unique dish. I can`t imagine anything better.. .  . . Since this is a very short interview, I might as well review the beverage we had. I had a coke to go with the sandwich, and as I opened the can and inserted a straw, I`ve noticed every other table ordered a cherry type of drink. I can`t leave without trying a can. Here we are kids, Cott Dark Cherry Soda. It taste like... Fruitips Black Currant candy. If you don`t know what that is, I can`t help you. The only place you can have this is at Schwartz and Montreal local grocery stores.. . Well, I am so glad I had an opportunity to visit Schwartz. NOTHING can replicate this place. It`s been around since 1928. Heck, there is even a musical based on it. If you are in Montreal and have any free time, this is one place you cannot miss.
Surtout a cause de mon manque de patience flagrant, je n'ai pas mange aussi souvent au Schwartz que j'aurais voulu. Il y a toujours un line up, et je hais les line up ! Si vous etes chanceux et que vous pouvez avoirune table, alors la, debute une experience culinaire. Le smoked meat maigre (je l'aime ainsi) avec moutarde, cornichon au sel et cherry coke : un petit delice retro dans une ambiance simpliste. . . Si vous etes comme moi et n'avez pas de patience, ils ont ouvert une petite shop a cote du restaurant ou vous pouvez acheter du smoked meat et autre produits du fameux delicatessen. Surprise ! vous pouvez prendre un sandwich pour emporter et aller le deguster ailleurs. Une option de choix lorsque la faim se fait ressentir.. . Juste d'y penser j'ai faim.
I'm sure being the 353rd reviewer that all has been said that can be for this place. Just suffice it to say I have to stuff my face there once every visit to Montreal.  The smoked meat isn't even my favorite part - I really like their cole slaw.  Wish they prepared it this way in America.
We sat next to two older gentlemen who recounted the sundry smoked meat sandwiches they ate around the world.  They were just a bit more friendly than our welcoming waiter, who was an inviting version of a server you might meet at Peter Lugar.. . Sadly, we were informed that the restaurant was sold...to Celine Dion's husband.  True or false, get the smoked meat medium and then jump across the street for homemade ice cream.
i HATE Delis. I'm just not a fan. Even the ones that loadup the meat just don't seem to taste good or are way too disproportionate to their bread. That being said.... . Schwartz's Deli is not like the others. Just to clarify, it is like every other deli I've been to, BUT it just tastes that much better. Period. Classic diner look that serves up hot and freshly sliced smoked meat. It smells incredible the entire time you're there. It's famous in Montreal and is featured on so many media outlets out there and for good reason. . . What I love about Schwartz's is the thickly cut slices of smoked beef with perfect seasoning and little edges of fat outlining the slices. It's juicy, hot, and has that perfect smokey taste and smell. There's so much meat, but not too much that it's not a sandwich anymore. The thick cut slices of rye bread form the best vessel for this meat as it can soak up the juices without sogging the bread. With a thin layer of mustard to complete the sandwich, you have yourself wondering why this place doesn't expand elsewhere. . . Some delis pride themselves on giving you so much meat, that you're pretty much using a knife and fork on a bunch of sliced meat.....No sir. Schwartz's makes sandwiches. And they do a damn good job of it.
We all need a slump buster every so often and something to break one out of a rut. For me, there are not many things that get me more excited than talking about meat. To end my dry spell, I could think of no place better to write about than Schwartz's.. . On a recent trip to Montreal this spring, Schwartz's was the place that I made sure to stop by.  Founded in 1928, Schwartz's is a Montreal institution and is best known for their beloved smoked meat or viande fumee as the locals call it.  Whatever you call it, smoked meat is just plain delicious.  Unlike pastrami which has a distinct sweeter taste, smoked meat is brisket cured heavily with spices such as cracked peppercornsand coriander.  For me fat equals flavor, so I selected my smoked meat served medium which was the perfect combination of lean & fat cut from the middle of the brisket.  Served between 2 slices of rye bread slathered with mustard, this was the perfect late breakfast on a cold Montreal morning.  . . If you plan to visit Schwartz's, keep in mind that this is a small place & does get very crowded with both locals and tourists alike. Unless you plan on taking a taxi here, Schwartz's is also about a 5-10 minute walk from the Sherbrooke Metro station.  Another interesting fact about Schwartz's is that they were recently purchased by a group that includes singer Celine Dion.  Being an old school eatery, I really do hope that they do not change anything as this is truly part of the Montreal experience and was one of the culinary highlights of my trip.
A friend from Montreal suggested I come here: I enjoy checking out local favs, and he highly suggested this one.. . Got to the spot around 10:30PM: the storefront is old school and we could see the line for take out through the glass door (note, I did do take out so I have no idea what the waitstaff service is actually like, but the place is tiny and there was an old guy who was very informal both directing take out line traffic/in house dinning traffic while serving food). Very casual place with 1930's decor (pretty sure 90% of the interior has never been updated). For those of you who have been to Katz's in NY, very similar look and feel, just a lot smaller (also smells phenomenal, just as Katz's does).. . You order your food at the counter and then turn around and walk 10 steps to pay the cashier (very inefficient, but I am sure they wanted to keep the feature from back in the day). The guy who takes orders isn't very helpful (no suggestions when you ask him what's good; seemed sort of annoyed that tourists impeded on his local spot area), but I ended up playing it safe and ordering the smoked meat sandwich. While I was waiting for my food, I was a bit worried that the meat wouldn't live up to my expectations: as soon as I walked in, I thought to compare the place to Katz's, so when I saw the meat slicer (Katz's only hand cuts their meat bc its so tender that it would fall apart in the meat slicer), I started to doubt.. . No need! For a $7/$8 sandwich, I thought this was great value; not the largest pastrami I ever had, but the taste was great (meat, rye bread, a little bit of mustard). The thing may not be oozing with juice, but the meat is moist and flavorful just the same. Each bite was delicious, with a little bit of variety (whether you get the peppery skin or the moist, center pieces with a tad of mustard).. . Overall, great experience, and a place I would suggest people who visit Montreal to go.
Great smoked meat on rye and mustard!  So good, bought some to take back home.
It was the first time my wife and I visited Montreal and we heard that we had to hit Schwartz's Deli. It was a hot and humid day in the city and I just walked up a good sized hill, so I was a sweaty mess. We figured the place with about 10 people waiting outside the door was our place.. . We got in and I was surprised at how small it was. There were about 40 seats and the table next to you is about a foot and a half away. I could tell the 2 15 year old girls next to me were not happy too happy to have a 220 pound mess eating next to them. Believe me, I wasn't happy either. I should have taken the metro.. . I ordered the lean smoked beef, it looks a lot like a corn beef sandwich that comes on Rye bread with a little bit of mustard. My wife got half a loaf of bread and was very happy. It was actually quite a lot of food for her. I would have liked a little more mustard, which I added about halfway through.. . The sandwich wasn't overwhelmingly large like Katz', it was actually lunch sandwich size, maybe a little large.. . Also, it was only 7 bucks. Perfect amount for what you got. Very fair. Plus they took American money. Happy time!. . I should have got the medium fat, because the lean as super lean, if I would come here more than once I would have lean, but  I would have liked  a little more flavor.. . Our waiter was awesome, got us in and out of there, refilled the water often. Overall, a great first lunch in Montreal!
A disclosure is in order - it is probably impossible to get me to admit that a Jewish deli anywhere could measure up to the exacting standards set by the iconic establishments in New York. That said, a trip to Schwartz's was an unexpectedly pleasant experience. Granted their "smoked meat" is not exactly pastrami, but it was excellent - flavorful, succulent, and tender. On top of it, the pickles were fine and the coleslaw (I selected the one effectively without dressing) was fresh and tasty. So, when in Montreal, by all means give this place a go - it's a fine establishment. You can certainly get a nice deli sandwich in this town. Montreal-style bagels, however, are a completely different story...
Don't come here for ambiance, just come for the meat. There aren't a lot of choices on the menu so be prepared to have a smoked meat sandwich.  The taste of everything was great but I found the meat a bit dry.  The cole slaw was great as were the pickles; you need them to cut the dryness of the sandwich.  In the end, I'd prefer the NYC equivalent but I was glad I made it to Schwartz's; it was worth the wait in the sun.
Super tasty smoked meat sandwiches & PICKLES (Yes that needs to be all capslock).. Standing in line is less fun but it goes pretty swift & the service is great.. . You have to go here when you visit Montreal, you can't say you've been to Montreal if you haven't gone to Schwartz's...it's essential. . If you live here: congrats on being able to eat tasty smoked meat ALL THE TIME.
A good analogy is that this place is the Katz deli of Montreal. A friend recommended the smoked meats in Montreal, so naturally I had to try the most famous one.  Like others have said, I would wait in the take out line which should cut your wait from 1-2 hours to half an hour.  Of course we ordered the smoked meat sandwich with fries and pickles. The sandwich is packed with their fatty delicious meat and a little mustard with rye bread. It's similar to a pastrami but the meat is thicker. Pickles were pretty yummy, sour and tart with a hint of spice. Fries were decent. I would recommend this to any out of towner, it is worth the wait. Not the best Sammy I've had but still a darn good one.
The wait is ridiculous....I have no patience...and it's just a sandwich...I'm not waiting more than an hour....so low and behold- next door is take out! You get to wait there too...but much faster. Meats are delicious. You MUST go here when you visit Montreal...every time :)
Founded in 1928 and proudly displaying both this fact and their myriad awards throughout the premises much like Katz's in New York the space at Schwarz's was small at cramped at the entryway but with ample seating in back and almost immediately on entering we were greeted in verbose French by the man at the counter who quickly transitioned to English when he registered our blank looks.  With the menu larger than anticipated but the object of our desire displayed prominently the order was placed and asking if we preferred "fatty" or "medium" I suggested he give us whatever was better and he said "medium" before turning to a younger man who prepped and wrapped the sandwich, grabbed a can of Canada Dry, and bagged it for us to pay another young man at the door - the whole interaction took perhaps five minutes before we emerged on the street.. . Moving on to the sandwich - three quarters of a pound at least, if I were to guess - I have a little bit of trouble describing exactly what I ate because I really have no reference standard, but with a touch of mustard largely avoided and sampling both the brisket on its own and with the rye bread I have to say it was actually quite good - a supple mouth feel with big notes of smoke complimented by what I believe was mostly peppercorn and coriander plus a slight sweetness that worked nicely with the rye.  While certainly not something I'd crave on a daily basis definitely a worthy place to check out - particularly as the remaining sandwich and a few bagels from down the street served a more than ample dinner costing less than $10 for my mother and aunt.
Ate here for the first time after learning it was one of Montreal's landmarks. We were very happy and surprised by the quality, quantity, and price of the tasty meats. The line up was non-existent, surprisingly, as we expected to wait a while from other reviews.. . We had the turkey and the smoked meat. The turkey was good, but not the best that I have had. Luckily there was mustard on the table for added flavour. The portion size, however, was huge and awesome. Lots of fun to eat.. . The smoked meat was amazingly seasoned and very tasty. Definitely recommend having that. We also had the coleslaw which was a little liquidy, but refreshing. The pickle was big and shareable. Always good with a nice deli sandwich. . . Kudos to the staff who were funny, welcoming, and entertaining. They also gave us a tip that Celine Dion (who actually is the owner of Schwarz's) was coming in to the restaurant and we actually got to meet her. Totally made the restaurant experience a million times better! They apparently get a lot of celebrities coming to eat there too. So you might get lucky!
A certain person insisted we come here despite the touristyness and the fact that, living in NY, I feel we can have all manner of great Jewish deli meat anytime.  . . I hate to admit it, but Schwartz's very-hyped smoked meat* sandwich was delicious. Juicy and never tough, just the right amount of fat speckled with beautiful cracked peppercorns... $6 is actually mighty reasonable for this sandwich, compact but mounded like a pyramid. This was definitely a tourist destination that DELIVERED. (not literally). . *FYI: "Smoked meat" is simply Montrealers' term for pastrami, but there was nothing pastrami-like about it. It was corned beef through and through! Which is a good thing since I looooove corned beef and usually find pastrami just a bit too salty/dry. (Pastrami is corned beef that has been smoked.). . Just a few notes on the touristyness: We waddled into the restaurant shortly past noon. Every single one of the tightly packed tables was full. A waiter was cycling through languages at his table: "English? Francais? Espanol?" We were told that to order to-go, you go to the shop next door. I couldn't wait to get out of there.. . The shop next door is MUCH quieter, AND it has seating! Why were people in the restaurant at all??? We got our food in under a minute, ate it in peace in the mostly-empty sunny windowed cafe space toward the back, and even had the leisure to gaze at their prepared food items - meat, slaw, souvenir-y items.... . When we left, there appeared to be a tour bus lineup outside the restaurant space's door. 30 people stomping in the cold. Why?? Is table service integral to the sandwich experience? Maybe I missed out? My stomach doesn't think so.... . I believe their card minimum is $10.
Montreal smoked meat is the best.  Pastrami and corned beef have nothing on this type of beef.  Schwartz is the pinnacle of smoked meat.
Food is amazing (I always order a large platter with fatty meat). Why only four stars? Service is hit-or-miss.I once brought an American friend here and the service was so bad it really left a bad taste in his mouth... It's not the kind of impression you want to leave tourists visiting Montreal.. . Also, do not order smoked turkey. In the spirit of Thanksgiving, we once ordered a small platter of smoked turkey. It was literally sliced cold cuts of turkey meat, the type you would expect to find in the deli section of your local grocery store.
Love this place....get here early...don't bother going on a Friday. I've been here a few times and this place never will disappoint you...be patient with the wait & when you order make sure you know 100% what you want.
I like this just as much as Katz's in NYC. The meat is buttery, seasoned, and tender. I'm not a fan of mustard but the mustard wasn't distracting at all in the sandwich. It also wasn't expensive to boot. . . The only negative thing I could think of was the wait in line in the sweltering heat of August. . . I would definitely drop by again the next time I'm in Monty.. . In short, OMG SO MUCH MEATY MEAT MEAT *swoon*.
Gooooood! Superb smoked meat. But just for a big bite,  not a dinner place.  Coleslaw just mediocre. More about the tourist draw and serving super sized volume than anything.
Great sandwich, and this was an enjoyable experience. The black cherry soda I got(and decided to try that, based on other reviews) was also pretty good here. Service felt like it was slightly lacking, but no huge deal since I've dealt with more surly waiters/etc. at other restaurants. And I think we got lucky with the line. I don't think it's quite 5 star good, but it's still a very enjoyable experience. Reading in other reviews about their long lines(and luckily avoided that factor, by coming not long after it opened) makes me think it's probably timing coming here at just the right times, to avoid when the line is the longest(a la Hot Doug's in Chicago).. . If I ever return to Montreal, I'd probably try a different smoked meat place(likely Lester's, from reading its reviews), or just do an order here for take out.
When you do a shot of tequila, you go salt, shot, lime.. . When you do Schwartz sandos, you go bite, mustard, pickle. (hint: Cut up the cornichon in bite size pieces and squeeze a bit of mustard onto your plate.)  Mustard adds some tang and pickle's acidity goes ha-YAH! Like Beatrix Kiddo slicing O-Ren Ishi's head.. . This place got me into Jewish Delis which made me find Wise Sons in SF. I'm a Rookie to the Jewish deli scene so I still need to give Katz a chance to Pai Mei... Or not.
3 ingredients (smoked meat, mustard, and bread) combined to create something so delicious. Mmmm, I just wanted to inhale the whole sandwich. There was so much meat I had trouble finding the other piece of bread. . . Each bite was heavenly. Nice amount of marble to add that extra bit of surprise and burst of flavor. *happy sigh
The smoke meat is great. I was introduced to this place during college. It's always busy though, afternoon or evening.
We made a point to eat here, to enjoy the smoked meat sandwich, the ambience, and, truth be told, to compare to Katz's deli on NYC's Lower East side.  . . First thing first - the staff is super friendly! And I don't think it was because we came in after 8 pm. No matter the server's age, young or older, each and every one of them was very nice, chatty and welcoming. Everyone is bi-lingual, and doesn't make you feel inferior if you "ne parles pas Francais". . . I sacrificed my vegetarian preferences, and ordered the famous smoked meat, along with half and sour pickles, and a side order of French fries, to share. All came very quickly, and I promptly bit into the sizable half of the smoked meat sandwich (aka pastrami), which was served on the freshest rye bread with a droop of mustard. The bread made a better impressionon me than the meat: the latter was quite bland, though soft and well cooked. I added more mustard - nope, still not there. I toped it with the English brown sauce - nope, there's just something missing: flavor, spices!  I politely finished my half, pressing harder on the half sour pickles and fries. . . When our very friendly server asked how we enjoyed the meal, my husband honestly told him that it was not as good as the last time he ate there, about two weeks prior.  Well, not two minutes went by when a plate of freshly cut pastrami appeared in front of us, with the server saying THIS was the cut we should have had. Of course we had to partake, and, boy oh boy oh boy, THAT was phenomenal!  Juicy, flavorful, tasty, melt-in-your-mouth delicious! We polished that off so quickly, he brought more - all at no extra charge, simply to ensure the customers were satisfied with the meal, the service and the experience. The total bill was very reasonable, and,of course, we left a generous tip for the excellent service. . . So, from the horse's (server's) mouth: if you are not happy with the sandwich you received, speak up and they will replace it, no questions asked. Just do so before you finish the meal, as not every server may be as generous as ours was.
I've been to Schwartz's several times, with my first visit being nearly 10 years ago and my latest being yesterday.  Eagle eyed Yelpers may even remember that it was in my profile pic for the longest time!  And what's not to say about this storied Montreal deli that's not already been said: delicious, melt-in-your-mouth sandwiches that are cheap, filling, and will give any NY delicatessen a serious run for their money.. . There's always a wait outside to get into this hole-in-the-wall of a restaurant, but once you brave the cold queue, you're packed into the seats one of the many communal tables.  You could order anything other than the smoked meat, but you'd be kidding yourself if you did.  It's a seriously amazing sandwich, and unlike its New York counterpart, not oversized to the point where you'd burst.  The fries are good too: not too greasy and a great complement to the sandwich.  Bonus points also for a pretty healthy-tasting cole slaw (little mayo).. . One can't wonder, with the press clippings lining the walls, the posters advertising "Schwartz's: The Musical", and the paraphernalia for sale, if Schwartz's had indeed "jumped the shark" and ventured its way into tourist trap territory.  Judging from the overwhelming amount of English I heard throughout the restaurant, I'd venture to say that Schwartz's may be more popular with tourists and out-of-towners than the locals.  However, the food still stands up to the critical praise, and you certainly won't be disappointed from your visit.  This food is definitely worth the wait.
Amazing Smoked Meat. Overall it was very good and I'll go back. I tend to be a bitch about my Smoked Meat Sandwiches. I am the same way about my pizza, but we'll get to that another time.. . We arrived right at 11 am so it was easy to get a table but the place filled up quickly.. . Service was sort of Meh, which is part of the reason I took off a star. But also, I found the place to be super cramped. In order to eat a sandwich this stuffed with meat, you need a little extra elbow room. Also, I wished they had hot mustard and saurkraut on the sandwich. I guess I would have been happier if I had brought the meat home and made a sandwich there, myself. . . Kitchy, Iconic, Yum.
Been here many many times in my lifetime and as we all no there has been no change to this place. Food is consistently good. I always order extra lean and its very good and dry. What amazes me about this place is how the health inspectors don't shut it down!!! The place is so dirty. Maybe cause they never have any down time in the place to actually clean!!! Winter time is really bad but all you have to look at is their carpet that comes in from the back of the restaurant. They are disgustingly dirty or filthy better said!! But I guess this is a tourist trap and inspectors turn a blind eye to it esp. that Celine Dion owns it now!!! . Dirt or no dirt I keep going back......
Our taxi driver from the airport said to come here (as did my travel book) and that 6 months from now we will be craving the smoked meat sandwiches. We stood in line for the restaurant for a while, but opted to go to the take-out store next door. We were very glad we did that....the line moved fairly quickly and we got seats at the back  of the store.. . We had 2 smoked meat sandwiches, a pickle, and poutin. It seemed like the take out area was the only place to get poutin. We hadn't tried it on our trip yet, and I thought it was probably a good spot to have it for the first time. The sandwiches were the perfect size. We originally only ordered one, but one wouldn't be enough to split for lunch. It was a very good sandwich, but it was not any different than good deli's in NYC. The poutin on the other hand was heavenly. The gravy was rich and tasted of beef, and the curds and fries were very fresh. I will definitely go here again, but mainly for the poutin. If you don't get to NYC frequently, then I will say you will definitely love it for the sandwich. Like I say, since I can have Katz's or Sarge's in NYC any time, it didn't seem much different. Here's hoping that America adopts poutin!!
Awesome smoked brisket deli.  They let you order the meats by lean, medium, and fat cuts.  'Nuff said.
First of all, everything is seen and tasted through my lens of NY deli experience.. . The place is small and popular, hence the long line. We came at 11pm on a friday night in whats probably the off tourist season so we had no wait. But the ambiance/experience of eating in was nothing special to me (me having had the Jewish deli experience already, that is). So I'd take-out before I'd wait more than 15 mins myself. Don't be afraid to sit at the counter, though, as you'll have attentive service there; clearly the most animated server was stationed at the counter when we were there (our service was dull and lifeless). . . Its silly not to get a smoked meat sandwich of course. I didn't know about the cut/leanness options and just got what they gave me. And it was great. I've been spoiled by Katz's pastrami. But Im sure this is the next best thing outside of NY delis. This is shreddier than pastrami, I should note. It really falls apart; so be prepared forthat. And its a little less flavorful than NY pastrami; it doesnt have that dark, peppery crust as much. Despite what you see in the window. Still great. These are smaller and cheaper than NY's. Get your own; dont share it. A half sour completes the experience. Though this one had the light green color I like, it lacked salt. The cole slaw was more vinegary than Im used to, not mayo, and more finely shredded. It was good, if different.. . One thing I just could not get over. Not a Jewish-face staff member in the house! Couldnt get over it.
When you see lineups before the restaurant opens, it's a sign that they are doing something right. Schwartz's is a very small, busy diner with a cult following. My waiter was excellent, giving us great advice as we settled on the combo which came with fries. We ordered the coleslaw and had pickles on the side. If the seating wasn't so crowded and follow diners dropping f-bombs, this establishment would have received 5 stars from me. You should bring cash as they do not accept credit cards.
Went to Schwartz last Friday. Staff is as funny and entertaining as ever.
Leaning toward 3.5 stars, actually. Boy are they gruff here, from the cashier to the behind-the-bar guys. We were startled to find out what we thought was one sandwich nicely split in two for two of us to share was actually two sandwiches period. Small ones at that, with no pickle, for $7.35. Ouch. The bread is nothing special, and there are no extras inside such as lettuce or sauerkraut. Just meat - and thank goodness the meat was excellent. So juicy, with just enough fat.
The smoked meat sandwich was good- the bread is only mediocre and not the slightest bit toasted although I wish it was. The high pile of meat is the star. I found it a tad dry, but still delicious. It came with a smear of mustard- I added more. I like the simplicity; you don't need to cover things up in sauces and spices if the main ingredient has quality to show. But it wasn't perfect.. Their fries were good, not over salted or greasy. I did really like their slaw- vinegary rather than mayo drenched, which perfectly cuts through the fattiness of the meat. I even piled some on into my sandwich.. The rib steak here is even better- get the Schwartz's combo and you'll get a nice fatty and flavorful steak, smoked meat, and a little cut of a tasty sausage, with slaw, fries, and a pickle. They did cook the steaks a bit more than what was ordered, they aren't thick steaks however: medium came out as medium-well, and the medium-rare found its way to the table as medium, but still equally delicious, and I did try them both.. Their liver is overcooked completely. The liver I do not recommend- dried out and far from how liver should be.. . There is a wait, a line that can extend outside and down the street, and the three of us shared a table with a party of two, but I think it's what makes the place. There's nothing pretentious about it- this place is a dirty little diner. Our waiter was delightful. When I asked for fries, a pickle, and slaw, he only put in the pickle. "Share", he told us, "there's plenty of food". The combos come with slaw and fries by default. He was right, although we did finish EVERYTHING! I'm a small girl which can be deceiving; he underestimated my appetite.. . I'm not saying you should drive to Montreal for Schwartz's, but all in all, if you're in Montreal, I recommend experiencing this place at least once.
I heard that this was the spot to go to for smoked meats. The sandwiches have ALOT of meat so don't eat for  24 hours before you get it if you intend to finish it. I'm still working on mine as I write this review. The smoked meat is really good. The bread is small though and it would be nice if there was more mustard. Other than that, I still think that you should head over there, grab a sandwich, pick up some of the spice mixes that they sell for meats.
Cash only, but they take USD & CAD. This is located in a great area, very easy to get to. The service was fast and friendly, though we came at around 3pm. The space is small so I could see there being a long wait for seating. . . We were given the option of lean, medium, or fatty smoked meat. We chose medium, which came with a slather of yellow mustard on one side. We also got coleslaw and fries. I wouldn't get the fries again because they were soggy and a but oily. The coleslaw was great and very acidic--vinegar based instead of mayo based. The sandwich was small but very filling. Yum!
Saw this place on Anthony Bourdain's montreal episode and had to try it while in town from NYC.  This place was cheap and delicious.  But I've had better sandwiches from similar places, ie. Langer's in Los Angeles.  The meat is comparable but Langer's is still much better.  Anyway, we came here on a wednesday summer afternoon and got seated right away.
The NY Katz Deli equivalent in Montreal.  This tiny mom & pop shop is a Montreal visit must.  The smokedmeat sandwich comes in different types of fattiness: lean, medium, or fatty.  I personally thought the medium was just perfect.  Think the lean meat doesn't capture the true taste of the smoked meat flavor and fat meat is overwhelming.  It's juicy tenderness and flavor of the meat still lingers.  Definitely well worth the wait.  We were fortunate to wait only about 10 mins when we arrived around 1pm on Sunday.  The fries were a great pairing.  We didn't order the cole slaw but I saw the table next to us order cole slaw and it didn't look too drenched with mayo. Would try on our next visit.  Also saw a few tables ordering their steak, need to try next time.  . . Tip: Come early to avoid long lines and cash only.
We made the pilgrimage to this well-known deli in the Plateau area.  I expected something along the lines of Carnegie Deli in New York City.  But, Schwartz's is not that expansive, more a hole in the wall with tight seating that's necessarily communal.  The menu is also limited, four sandwiches and half a dozen special plates like steak, liver and chicken plus a few side items.  They stick to what they do best and what they've been doing for years.. . The star is the smoked meat sandwich, which is like a corned beef or pastrami and tender like brisket.  The meat spills out of the bread, all but making it disappear.  You'll eventually need a fork to eat up all that goodness.  We ordered ours with fries and a pickle, which is huge and very briny.  It's all delivered by a cast of colorful old timers who easily fall into humorous stories about the celebrity pictures covering the wall.  Since we arrived mid-afternoon, the legendary line was nonexistent.. . The couple sharing our table, were regulars who came from an hour and a half away and remembered Schwartz's when it had sawdust floors.  Obviously, this is a deli with staying power and a Montreal institution you need to experience.. . Oh, yes, cash only.
We had to try Schwartz's like everyone says.  Luckily we did not have to wait in line for a table.  I think we got the last empty seats.  The waiter was horrible.  I know they are busy but we are visiting tourists and we did not understand how this restaurant works, except you need to try smoked meat from Schwartz.  Waiter was very rude and answered our questions with a very smart tone.  Sorry if we didn't know how to order, and I guess you don't have to be nice when you always get a line waiting to eat?. . The 4 stars is for the food.  If I had to rate the experience with the waiter, I'd give it a 1 star.. . We had gone across to Main's to ask question before deciding on Schwartz, and the person at Main was very nice.  We only went to Schwartz's because of the Yelp reviews and what I read on the internet.  At least the sandwich was good with the pickle and the black cherry soda.
Boss:  "You want to go to a conference in Montreal?". . Me:  "Umm, hell yea, I heard there is good food up there!". . This place had a line when I got there for lunch on a weekday.  The wait was not that bad, but man it was worth it.  I ordered the smoked meat with...LOTS OF FAT!  Of course, fat = flavor...right?  Well, it was pretty damn good.  I mean, it didn't change my life or anything, but if I lived here, I would probably hit this place up at least once a month.  Cheap, delicious smoked meats.  Sit down, order and make yourself a sandwich.
it was the best smoked meat ever
This is the GO-TO place if you want to eat Montreal smoked meat! I'm not kidding! . . Smoked meat: 5 stars. Service & wait: 1 star. Decor: 1 star. . Be prepared for long waits, sit in communal table with tight spaces, and little to minimal service.. . You can choose various fatness of your smoked meat ~ lean, medium, fatty.  I didn't know I could specify after I ordered, oh well, it's good enough with me. I was already satisified with my warm, tender meat served on a fresh rye bread with mustard ($6.65). Next time I'll definitely try the kill-me-fatty option! LOL.. . A nice surprise was the cherry coke. I'm never a fan of artificial cherry products, but since almost every table ordered this, so why not give it a try. Oh, It was AMAZING!!! It completely changed my perceptions of all cherry drinks tasted like cough syrup. It was addictive, and a perfect companion of the fatty smoked meat.. . Tips: . - There is a minimum order of $1.50 per person.. - Take out smoked meat (cold) is $1.00 cheaper per pound if you can heat it up yourself at home.. - Go there before 12noon to avoid huge lineups!. - Cash only.
Schwartz's is a landmark in Montreal (the other being the poutine at La Banquise) and is the reason why the city is famous for its smoked meat sandwiches. . . As you may have noticed from the photos, the sandwiches are basically 90% meat and 10% bread. It takes skill and training to be able to eat the sandwich while keeping it intact. The meat is oh-so tender and, in the true Quebecois fashion, is grease through and through. The mustard also blends well with the grease. . . On any given day you'll see a mix of tourists and locals lining up in front of Schwartz's for a bite of the delicious meat. The wait is normally around 30 minutes, but you can shorten that wait to 15 minutes if you get takeout instead (at the takeout shop right next door).
We intended to sit down and eat here, but with the long line out the door and a sleeping toddler, we decided to go to the take-out side and get a few things to eat at our hotel instead.  It did not take long to get out the door, and for about $65 we got a 5 pastrami sandwiches, one large container of cole slaw, two sodas and two bags of fries.  Here's what I thought:. . - pastrami sandwiches - the way the wrap it in the paper, it looks like a tiny sandwich compared to what you see in photos on Yelp.  However, once you unwrap it you find a ton of meat inside.  The bread was soft and soaked with some fat, there was just a bit of mustard, and the pastrami was well seasoned.  It could be more moist, but the flavor was great.  You can actually smell how good and tasty it will be when you walk into the store!. - cole slaw - we got the kind without mayonaise, and I loved it.  It was lighter than the traditional cole slaw, yet still tasty. - fries - eh, I've had much better. I'd rather use up calories on another half sandwich.  The fries were soggy (even when I snuck one out of the bag in the car on the way back to the hotel), were not salty at all, and they looked like they were fried in oldoil.  I could have done without the fries.
I still love Katz, but Schwartz is pretty amazing as well.  The flavours are different, I'd say the rye bread at Schwartz is better (more moist and has a  fresh springiness to the texture).  Because it's a smaller shop, the line is quite daunting when you first arrive, but it moves fast, and yes I would say it's worth the visit.  Don't bother getting anything else but a smoked meat sandwich with pickle, you miss the point of going to Schwartz if you're not going to indulge in the smoked meat.
Yum, yum, yum. I am no expert on Jewish Delis but the smoked meat sandwich here was superb! (As was the coleslaw and frankfurter I had as sides). I really loved that there were only three sandwich options making it easy to pick the one it's most known for. The line for this famous hot spot wasn't too bad, as a party of seven we only waited about 15 mins on a Sunday afternoon and sit-down service was great and as might be expected at an older classic spot like this, it's cash only.
Schwartz's was recommended by a friend as a "to do" while visiting Montreal. We had to stand on line about 15 minutes before we were seated. Not too difficult a wait. Place was pretty small may 50 seats. The menu is limited but the "smoked meat" is what anyone comes to schwartz's for. It was really really good. I ordered the fries &  smoked meat sandwich which is comparable to pastrami. Fatty goodness. . . People don't go to this place for the atmosphere, you go for the smoked meat. And it was well worth the $10 buck cab ride from my hotel to check out a food institution in Montreal.
I enjoyed the smoked meat sandwich (take medium) and the fact I didn't have to wait in line. The place is a little tight but has a good vibe. It lost one star for the $2 pickle and the fries which were warm and not "hot and fresh out of the fryer".
Schwartz's smoked meat is pretty amazing. Tender, juicy, and very delicious. Like most people, you don't go here for the ambiance or anything else except for their smoked meat. . . The wait was only 15-20 min so that wasn't too bad, however, standing in line all you can smell is trash and funk, not the best pre-game environment.. . The service was fast, friendly, and good. You might be squished with other people if you're a small party because of the lack of seating available. . . Overall, it was worth it
There's always a line here, but if you go to the take out section it's way quicker and theres a small seating area in the back. Great smoked meat, get the original. The meat is so soft and tender. This place reminds me of Katz in NYC which I feel is very similar.
Had to wait about 35 mins to seat 5 but the smoked meat was fantastic. As was the service once we were seated. Don't forget the black cherry cola!
I have found a pastrami (smoked meat) sandwich that rivals Katz's Deli in NYC. Moist meat, freshly sliced, tasty!
I'm not sure which I liked better: the sandwich or the garlic pickle. Schwartz's is truly the definition of deliciousness on a plate.
I never knew that Montreal had an old Jewish neighborhood around Snowden until my friend reminded me that he lived there as a kid and grew up with Schwartz's and another place called, Pumpernik's (now departed). He wanted to be sure I went and "kvelled" over a pastrami (smoked meat?) sandwich. While not an aficionado of most Jewish Deli despite my pedigree, I happily obliged him.. . I understand why so many feel the urge to compare Schwartz's to Katz's in Manhattan, however, there is really no need because they are very different is scope and nationality.  Where Katz's gives a broad menu of many J Deli's most famous hits, Schwartz's has a much more limited menu that focuses primarily on their meat sandwiches.  They both have a ton of ethnic atmosphere, and for the People, it feels great to connect with another part of the lost tribes.  Otherwise, the food itself is excellently prepared with an almost Biblical recipe, and is quite tasty.  Certainly worth a trip if you are in Montreal and enjoy fat sandwiches. . . Otherwise, most North American cities have at least one old Jewish Deli that can satisfy your craving for smoked beef on rye.  Schwartz's up in Montreal is on that short list of great pastrami houses (Maison de Pastrami). . . Sooner of later, someone will put together a Yelp List of great P'rami joints and this one will be in the top 3.
Omy was there a line!! . Smoked meat was quite delicious, but I still don't understand the hype! I prolly wouldn't wait more than 15 mins in line for this place, but definitely give it a try. Twas a great late night dinner. . (Thankfully, when my friends & I went, the fella asked if there were any parties of three in line, and as we were a party of three, he ushered us - and another group of three - into the place and sat us next to each other. No complaints for skipping the wait)! . . So~. + They seat you, you order, finish the meal, then pay up front.. + If you order smoked meat you get asked how much fatty meat you'd like (lean, medium, or real fatty). I got the medium but I may try the fatty if I get the chance to return.. + The yelp photos are pretty spot on.. + Smoked meat, coleslaw, & french fries were yummy.. + Quick efficient service with funny and conversant servers! . + Small, tiny restaurant thats quite cozy. Love that the walls are filled with interesting stuffs and love the super casual atmosphere.
Stopped by this famous establishment last night. There was a sizeable line but if you go inside you can order to go. The guy behind the counter is pretty curt, it reminds me of the soup nazi from Seinfeld, but with a better sense of humor. My group all ordered the fries and the famous smoked sandwich. It's nowhere near as big as Katz's in NYC, but half the price. The meat was tasty and I enjoyed the bread. I wouldn't call it the best sandwich of my life but it's worth the trip to say you've been there.
Long wait for take-out an sit down. The fatty sandwich was really good. Kind of wish I asked for extra mustard but it was good without it too.
Both times I've eaten this famous stack has been at the takeout place next door (no lines). Not really sure if I've been missing something or not but the second time around it was much less enjoyable because the sandwich was sooo dry. That being said it had been on my mind ever since the first time I tried it years ago and for that it gets a 4. Probably the most sought after place in Montreal so it's got something going for it.
There is something to be said when a restaurant can be "Wikipedia"ed. Line-up outside of Schwartz's is massive regardless of the time of day. The Hebrew Delicatessen is worshiped by tourists and locals alike. Schwartz is a well-oiled machine. I am surprised Harvard Business Review has yet to study Schwartz's. The processes result in a sustainable advantage in the marketplace. . . VRIO Framework. . Value: Neutralizes external threats with unique mandatory 10 day meat curing time and high inventory turnover. Smoked meat sandwiches are served by fat content: lean, medium and fat. The theory of YOLO (You Only Live Once) suggests fat. As well, the theory of YOLO also suggests a cheesy smoked meat poutine, the ingestion of your weekly fat intake in one sitting. . . Rarity: Patrons love Schwartz's like fat kids love pie. Limited supply and persistence over time are contributions to its recipe of success.  Expect a plate of succulent smoked meat. . . Imitability: Schwartz's brand is inimitable. The "hole in the wall" decor speaks to its 80 years of history.  This even allows Schwartz's to add merchandizes to its product mix. . . Organization: Complementary capabilities of staff, supplier and culture. The orders are cascaded in a transparent reporting structure. . . Don't forget to complete your meal with artificially flavoured black cherry soda!  Disturbing an 80 years-old carefully designed product mix tradition is bad karma!
Good attempt at NYC style deli pastrami. Save the time and get take-out. PS Yellow mustard?? That's NOT NY style.
so... basically if you -must- try schwartz's (and you probably should if you're a tourist) get there when they open. there aren't enough seats or enough shelter so you'll be standing in the rain, the cold, and whatever weather montreal has to offer. (that's all, right?) we walked right by it and kept on going because we weren't "hungry" yet... i could have made myself eat if i knew coming back 45 minutes later meant waiting 45 minutes on top of that.. . the good thing about standing in line is that i had the opportunity to listen to a native talk to other natives that had never been there about what to order. here's what we got: smoked meat plate, fries, pickles, and cott cherry soda. here's what i learned. . . SMOKED MEAT. do not get the smoked meat plate for two people. three people, that would work. for two, it's a lot and getting individual sandwiches is CHEAPER. they serve fresh sliced bread with it. . . FRIES. do not get the fries. if you think you can knock out to local food groups (poutine) keep looking. they don't have it here. save the room for the meat plate you just ordered despite my recommendation.. . PICKLES. definitely get a pickle but be warned, it's a la carte and not cheap. . . SODA. definitely get the cott cherry soda. there's something about it that enhances everything else.. . that is all. eat up.
As a standard meatlover,I would give smoked meat 4 stars,the meat is excellent,but I've eaten better meat before,cherry soda if perfect,and pickle,personally,is not so good compared to others' reviews. . Overall,it is worth to try!
Get a smoked meat sandwich and a black cherry soda. You will leave happy.
My family grew up in Montreal, so I imagine I've been to Schwartz's way back in the day.  Before I was an adult.. . I found myself in Montreal on Thanksgiving (the American one) and figured what better way to celebrate then to get a smoked meat sandwich.  Arrived at around 8pm and grabbed a seat at the bar.  The guy working took my order and suggested a black cherry soda.  I told him no thanks, but he wasn't paying attention and promptly brought me one and poured it for me.  There goes your tip, man.. . Sandwich was pretty good, and reasonably priced at $6.65.  (The unrequested soda was $2.10.) I'm not a huge smoked meat fan, but this is probably the best smoked meat sandwich I've had.  And this place is legendary, so how can you hate it?. . What's that?  Celene Dion is a part owner?  Fuck.
Je me doit de mettre un quatre,non pour LE meilleur endroit en ville pour leur smoke meat,mais le decors et la petitesse des places. Etant de grande stature,ces un peut serrer comme endroit! Sinon un "must" pour les amateurs de smoke meat.
Went for lunch today...no wait and quick service.. This was my first time eating a smoked meat sandwich and it was delicious, juicy, tender. Tried the coleslaw and was not disappointed.
