Spread, spread, spread is what makes the newly renovated buffet at Caesar's phenomenal. The new layout and revamp of menu will give the Bellagio and Wynn a run for their money. . . Coming in for breakfast, I was impressed. It left me wondering what dinner was bound to feature. Near the entrance, in the morning, the cold bar is stocked with fresh juices. The beautiful display of colors draws the eyes in and my hand started grabbing. Orange, grapefruit, watermelon, and carrot were available for the taking. Fresh fruit and parfaits contain tropical fruits such as starfruit sit above.. . The next line had many forms of bacon including turkey and three different kinds of pork. Eggs benedict come in a traditional form, but the one using the potato cake was way better. The chiliquiles were soggy since they were constructed ahead of time. The small portions in skillets give the perfect serving of most dishes. The little frying basket of maple tots were drool inducing. Plated servings of regularand red velvet pancakes are placed out as guest take them. Beautiful, the red velvet flavor was not present. Although this concept of single serving goodness is not new, Bacchanal does it much better. . . Moving on, there was an egg station which would prepare your eggs any way you wish or just pick from the rolls, pizzas, and quiche on display. A whole line was dedicated to bagels, lox, and spread. Some are made in advance, but you could easily make your own. . . Continue on for the thinly sliced prosciutto and other meats, then comes the cheese selection. At the very end there is an Asian section which includes the dim sum. I was not impressed with this offering. My friend and I paced ourselves because desserts are essential no matter what time it is.. . Between two of us; we got a blackberry cobbler, four kinds of ice cream, a berries and nutella crepe, and waffles. I used the infused honey near the bread station instead of maple syrup for my waffle and it was magic. . . For $16.99, you will not find a better deal for breakfast.
WOW!! Very nice!! 17 million dollar newly renovated buffet and it's VERY nice. The decor is quite unique, earthly woods & glassware chandeliers, metal designs, lively music.  The food was very good and I really liked the fact that you can have things made just for you. . 9 show kitchens: Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American, Seafood, Pizza, Deli, Dessert
Ladies and gentlemen, there is a new contender in the big league of Las Vegas buffets.. . For $35 for dinner, this is comparable to other luxury property buffets. The restaurant is decked out in glass, metal and wood. There are several live action stations where you can get your king crab steamed and ramen and pho made to order.. . For me, what makes or breaks a buffet is the seafood offering. My jaw dropped when I saw they had stone crab, but to my dismay, they were dry. Unfortunately they don't offer crab crackers. The crab comes split already but crab crackers would be a helpful addition. The king crab was too salty. The cocktail shrimp was huge and fresh, and that was the saving grace of the seafood station.. . I enjoyed the Peking Duck. It tasted like genuine duck you can get in Chinatown. I also loved the sliders.I wish I had more room in my tummy to try more items.. . Whatever you do, save room for dessert! They have made to order crepes, creme brulee, cheesecake on a stick, a gelato station, macaroons and so much more! Their coffee is also very delicious and was a nice finish to the meal.. . Service was friendly and efficient. Not bad at all for their opening day. Sometimes it took a while for our server to refill our drinks but it was understandable.. . If you love buffets as much as I do, check out Bacchanal Buffet. Amongst the throngs of buffets in Vegas, this one packs a punch that'll knock your socks off.
I ate 'til I hurt.  It hurt good.. . I came to dinner at 4:30pm on opening day (less than 10 minute wait).  With time, they could iron out a few miss cues, but I will definitely return as it is one of the better buffets for 45 bucks on the 24 hour pass.. . I wouldn't advise on the all you can drink option, their options of chardonnay and cabernet sauvignon tasted watered down and actually took away from the experience.  I wouldn't drink beer as it's a waste of space from all of their buffet offerings.. . Asian food was fair - they did have good sesame balls, offered pretty good pho, respectable ramen, with a few misses in their Chinese cuisine.. . Salad bar is a salad bar, nothing to complain there.. . I did have an issue with their brisket as it was on the dry side, but was well seasoned.  Best served with their bbq sauce, but nothing to write home about.. . Their seafood is one of their strongest points as it was served fresh - crab legs, oysters, shrimp and all. . Sliders were savory but were cooked medium, not my preference in temperature.. . Their desert island was pretty good for the most part.  By then, I was ready to throw in the towel, but their bread pudding and my addition of their baklava flavored gelato finished me off.
Outstanding! And I am not a fan of buffets, because I do not believe that anything good in quality can be produced using mess production! Bacchanal is different. Went there out of curiosity . I find Caesars dining options, with exception of Hyakumi, excellent, so decided to check out Bacchanal! . Most of the dishes I tried can be easily compared to high end restaurants food on  quality & taste. Duck, lamb chops, roasted chicken.. The list can go on and on. Seafood unfortunately was no different the anywhere else. Frozen, tasteless and very poor quality.     . My biggest complain would be the layout of place. It is impossible to walk without bumping into somebody.. Bad idea when you carry hot plates.. Over all great place. I just wish it would stay this way. Unfortunately seeing what happen to Wynn, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan,etc. I give them 2-3 months until cost cuts will take place.
The gf and I hit the re-vamped buffet at Caesar's for lunch.  Regular price is $21.95 but I used a free comp.. . .  It's about time the mother ship stepped up it's buffet game !!!   It's quite the spread and to be honest, i need to hit it again soon to get the proper order of all the different cuisines - it wold be very difficult for anyone to try a sample of even 1/2 of what's offered.. .  Started on the one end which was the Asian section - some dim sum items, including soup dumplings, duck, bbq pork, a very tasty aspargus beef dish,noodle soup, rice dishes, etc etc; But - I did not try any of the sush selections ( next time ..)  then a salad bar area which i wisked by rather quickly ( along with the mediterranean section )  especially since there was a cheese area screaming out to me - reggiano and the maytag blue was amazing !  Next was an italian section that included meats/sausage, about four different pastas, pizza ( loved the anchovy topping  ) a cast iron pan filled with tasty meatballs, etc etc. . turn the corner and i see an interesting collection of mexican foods - my fav was the homemade tortillas with some carnitas. I did not try some of the stews but they looked incredible ( next time ... ) . . Some of the other highlights -. .  the carving station - the ribs, sasuage, the beef. I didn't try the turkey ( next time ...). next to the carving station were some nice BBQ styled sides - beans, grilled corn, several potato options and the downer of the day - a sorry ass pan of mac and cheese - with all these awesome cheeses on the line , they couldn't make the effort to give us a decent mac and cheese ?!?. . the seafood section - props for having stone crabs but a pain in the booty to get to da meat !  Lobster corn chowder was amazing.  By the time i hit this station i was so overwelmed i didn't notice if they had king crab which is kinda pathetic on my part because I LOVE KING CRAB ....I'm embarassed.. . desserts - i didn't come close to giving ths station justice - i was sooo full.  but i did notice the crepe station ( not really my thing ), interesting ice creams - i made a mini banana foster for the gf - she loved it even though the bananas were not fully "carmelized"  - i tried a small scoop of berry cobbler and bread pudding - excellent !  next time, small scoop of ice cream on the cobbler.. . service was excellent.  space had a nice feel to it.  I'll be back ...very soon, I need to at a minimum, to overcome my poor performance.
the food was AMAZING at this buffet!  It took us almost 2 hours to get in, but the food was definitely worth the wait. Everything we ate was of quality... Our favorite was the peking duck, char siu pork, and clam chowder.  OH, and the desserts were amazing!! They have my favorite french macarons!!! . . The reason I gave it a 4 star vs 5 is because some of the food did not have labels on them, so I didnt know what some things were.... and because it was soooo busy, people were making a mess around the food.... they should have someone go around from time to time to check the areas. Other than that, everything was awesome! We will definitely be back :)
From a food perspective....  the meats were awesome.  Prime rib?  boo yah dawgie dawg.. . Asian food was pretty good for buffet style.   The sushi rice was packed in although I think their mixture for making sticky rice was a little tooooo sticky since the rolls would clump together.  Sushi in general fine although not as good in choice as sushi buffets but made up in the plating and a few choice things that you usually can't get in buffets like temaki rolls.. . They actually made a go at soup dumplings which I was definitely interested in.  It's by no means Din Tai Fung, but they were pretty yummy considering.  I think they packed them in little tin foil platters just so they could hold the warmth that's needed and have a little of the soup in them.. . Didn't have the crab legs, but I will say that pre-cut crab legs are a good idea in theory, but less great in reality.   It's still hard to crack without a nutcracker.. . You can actually make things to order which is definitely a HUGE plus for this place.. . Also, a huge miss for most buffet goers was the special salads (watermelon and feta cheese) and the prosciutto.   I think that in general it scares the general populace because it's different from what you expect in a buffet.. . Damned good coffee.  That's all you can really say about that.. . Desserts looked awesome.  I can't really say how they tasted since I'm not a big fan of desserts in general.. . Service was excellent and the logistics of opening a place like that has got to be a nightmare.   So I was happy to see that drinks were taken care of and waiters were always on top of their game.   Curious to see if 6 months to a year from now, if that would still be the case.. . Overall, it's a great buffet to check out.  Not sure if it's the best in the world, but for sure it's unique enough to contend.
I was not disappointed with this buffet!. . We approached the restaurant around a quarter to 4, we were able to walk up to the cashier. Grace greeted us with a warm hello and rung us up for $75 dinner. Our hostess lead us to our table and within 30 seconds, Alvaro came to get our drink order. I like to stick with water as anything else just adds to making me full even faster. . . Alvaro suggested we start with the seafood as it wouldn't fill us up so quickly. The selections included King crab legs, stone crabs, mussels, oysters and shrimp cocktail. They had tapas of shrimp and grits which were quite delish!. . As the day went on, I found myself getting up 6 other times which I didn't mind at all. After all, I will go above and beyond for my favorite activity, eating.. . I can't wait to go back for Brunch as they serve Chinese donuts! I just have to give myself some time before having that much to eat again. I suggest if you do plan to go for dinner, go before 4:30 to beat the huge dinner crowd. I for one am not patient enough to wait in 2 hour lines, now matter how good the food may be.
Bacchanal Buffet is definitely raising the bar high for all other competitors.  It is on another level.   I just hope they are able to sustain the service and quality as I've often seen buffets gradually decline with time.  I would easily rank it higher than Wicked Spoon which I feel is overrated....probably along the lines of Wynn. . . The food was ridiculously good.   The lamb chops were cooked perfectly - medium rare to medium.   All of the food stations had general favorites along with more authentic options.   At theasian line, they have a Pho and Ramen station where they serve Ramen from Monta.  It didn't taste on the same level as Monta, but with over 500 items, we're knit picking.. . I enjoyed the Italian station where they had a pasta station where you can choose your pasta and sauce.  I went with the bolognese which was delish.  . . The biggest star of the show has to be the seafood line or at least if you're basing by lines.   My advice is to grab a first plate of food to get the first excitement out of the way.  Then make your way to the seafood line for the wait.   You can bring a fork with you too so when you first make your way through the hot seafood items, you can snack on the halibut, salmon, crab croquette, lobster corn chowder.  People may give you weird looks and judge you, but it's only because they weren't genius enough to come up with the idea themselves.   When you make your way around the L-shape towards the STONE CRAB and KING CRAB LEGS, don't forget to ask the cooks to heat them up if that's how u roll.. . Save room for desserts!  I enjoyed the tiramisu and the eclectic sorbet with flavors such as Watermelon Mint and Mango Chile Lime.
This place was amazing! I had been follow the construction and makeover and was so excited it was going to open right before I got to Vegas.. . We waited about an hour and a half to get in for dinner right during prime time. There were lots of empty tables so I'm not quite sure what the hold up was there, but at this point I didn't really care. Once we were about half way through line it moved pretty fast. . . The individual stations are great and the chefs are super friendly! They all welcome you and will answer any questions you have about any of the food. I loved the chef at the pho/ramen station! The pho was pretty good although I would have liked some red chili sauce to put in it. I didn't see any, but I didn't look to hard. I figured it should have been right there. . . The seafood station was good, big hold up with getting your crab legs warmed up. Love that they offer it but need to ask people to move to the side and wait. The rest of  the seafood area was pretty good. The clam bake in a bucket was cute! The shrimp and grits was good as well...but...not like mama makes it. The sauce on top just sorta tasted like chili to me.. . The Italian section was one of my favs! The sliced meats and cheese were fantastic. I read a comment somewhere that its nice they offer more high end meats and cheeses at a buffet but will anyone eat them?? yes this girl right here. It is all right by some of the fresh bread and it's just begging you to make a little sandwich with some olive oil drizzled on it. The honeycomb was right here as well, although I didn't try it, the presentation was amazing. Oh and don't forget to try the Caprese Salad that is in this area too!! I saw the individual portions of baked ziti and lasagna...I wasn't to impressed. It tasted good but was sorta hard and chewy in some places, I could tell it had sat some.. . Lastly...desserts. Over all they were awesome. Warm chocolate chip cookie in a little bowl was super good. The chef made sure to give me one from her tray she took out of the oven, not the ones that had already been sitting there. The vanilla souffle was PERFECT. I really suggest the Aztec chocolate ice cream. Its got some red pepper in it, and give the perfect little zing to the ice cream. I wasn't to impressed by some of the things just sitting out, like cookies in a jar or bowl, and the Madeline I tried was hard, I didnt even eat it (and i love them).\. . I was a little turned off by some of the items sitting out when all I had heard was everything was made fresh in individual portions. If you are going to do that, you have to throw the bad stuff sometimes. If not for that, 4 1/2 stars. Im taking off another half for the asian section. It was a little... dysfunctional. All the condiments seemed just sort of, thrown out and not by the main dish it needed to be served it. I LOVE me some asian food, and all I sprung for was the Pho. A little more organization is needed I guess.. . Over all I would love to go back and try everything I didn't get to. Take your time looking and make a game plan. and pace yourself. There are lots of hidden little things here you can easily pass up, like the fresh breads and the Honey.
The BEST buffet I have EVER had in Vegas!  Had I known, I would have eaten only Lamb Chops....total restaurant quality and the star of the show!  The Peking duck with plum sauce wasn't too shabby either!  The Salmon was also enjoyable, and there's more than enough crab legs, oysters, and shrimp to go around,  Went at 4pm Thursday and got right in!  Desserts were great, like the M used to make.  Totally worth it!
I've only been here via the awesome Yelp event, so I haven't had the experience of the long line... which makes me think that I won't be coming back until the crowd dies down a little (within 6 months or so).  My first critique would be that the buffet is placed quite awkwardly, the lines are definitely causing traffic for people passing by.. . Second would be the Asian food. The Chinese bbq pork, though the cuts were HUGE, was missing some authentic flavor. All I could taste was honey. Their dimsum was good, except that since they've been out for quite some time they dried up a little bit. The positive thing though is that their Pad Thai tasted great. I know some buffets have attempted featuring this dish and failed miserably. Bacchanal however, did good on this one; it had the right spice level and wasn't mushy in texture. Their sushi was okay. Definitely better than other strip buffets that offers them, yes, but not much variety either. Then again, Bacchanal is not strictly sushi so it's understandable. I've seen some curry somewhere and wanted to try them, but couldn't find a bigger bowl. Have to remind myself to try them next time. . . I enjoyed the "American" dishes like: scalloped potatoes, prime rib, calamari, sweet potato truffle fries (was the BEST sweet potato fries I've ever tasted), pasta, glazed veggies, etc. I would say that their mini burger sliders was uh-maaay-zing! It was perfectly medium rare, a little salty with melted cheese on top, and buttery buns to tie it all off. Their pasta was al-dente and rightfully sauced (I hate over-sauced pasta, but not dry either). They had flavor, not bland at all. Scalloped potatoes were a little too salty for me. I think it was the breadcrumbs, but I just brushed them aside and tasted the potatoes. I love me some potatoes. Their meat selection was all juicy, melty goodness; but I only had room for the prime rib. It was too rare for my taste, but the part that I did end up eating was delicious. . . I didn't get the chance to try their seafood, since I eat seafood almost on a daily basis so yeah... skipped those for now. I do plan on trying them on my next visit. . . Dessert... there are too many good words to say about dessert. Since they have a crepe station I definitely had to try it. I got one with strawberries, REAL whipped cream, and Nutella sauce yum! I wished they'd put the toppings inside instead of on top, but that's just a personal preference. They had so much dessert selection that I was going dizzy (or maybe that was the wine?). I ended up trying their Aztec chocolate gelato, chocolate praline cake, chocolate creme brulee, and various macarons. The gelato was quite interesting. I'm not a big cinnamon fan at all but I devoured that aztec choco like it was the end of the world. It wasn't overly sweet with a hint of spicy kick. Loves it! Chocolate praline cake was so heavenly, I almost cried. If I had an extra stomach, I would definitely grab some more. Choco creme brulee was so-so. Maybe I should have tried the vanilla one instead. To me, the highlight was the french macarons. I grabbed one for each flavor. My favorite was the rose flavored one and green tea flavored macarons. . . I've never been so impressed over a buffet before. I've been to quite a number already, and honestly it all seems redundant. I'm glad that Caesar's Palace decided to open one that has more to offer than "the usual."
As far as buffets go this was a great one.. . The food was very good and had a large variety to choice from compared to other buffets on the strip. The presentation of the food was better than most and showed their efforts to make things a little nicer than your run of the mill buffet.. . The hostess was very nice and walked us around the buffet to explain all the different stations. The waiter was very good and very response to our requests.. . A great buffet option on the strip.
There is NO better buffet in Vegas!  Take it from a Las Vegas native!  I KNOW!  Better than The M, Better than Bellagio, Better than Wynn!  Hot and cold crab, Oysters, Salmon, and so many kinds of seafood.  The Lamb Chops are heaven!  The Veal Parm was good too!  So many kinds of meat, chinese, (oh the duck!)...with over 500 items, GOOD items, to choose from...you won't leave hungry, and yes it's worth the wait and the price,  The crepes, chocolate covered strawberries, and unique gelatos and other desserts make this buffet one of a kind!  NO ONE comes close!
-A Roman Feast it is!. . This Buffet offers quanity and quality!.  You do need to wait in line to pay but well worth it.I gave this 4 stars because if you are coming to eat stone crab you won't find them. Yep! I was informed people were complaining they were to difficult to open? The rest of the buffet was good. My suggestons . 1. You need to come HUNGRY. 2. If you want to take full advantage you want to give yourself time. You might wait in line to serve yourself from the food line.
If you use your total rewards card, the dinner buffet costs $36.99 per person.. . I think it was about a month after it opened. There are some ups and downs to this place but overall, it was a really awesome buffet and I am glad I went. . . Do a walk around prior to getting your food. There was a hidden back room that had more food selections. My friend's friend didn't see it and ended up having to eat a whole plate full of food he didn't really want to eat (because he thought that was all the buffet selections they had). . . Seafood section: When you get to the frozen crab legs, make sure you go up to the chefs behind the counter and ask them to boil the crab legs for you (only if you want them warm). It was full of meat and it did not disappoint. Raw oyster bar was a bit on the slow side in shucking the oysters. . . Meat section: . -rack of lambs are freaking awesome! My bf doesn't like rack of lamb, but ended up eating more than one piece! It was really juicy and tender and didn't taste gamy. . -Prime rib was very tender and juicy.. . Japanese section: Sushi bar was not impressive. The fish was just odd in color, the texture was more mushy. Just the quality of the raw fish was not up to par.  I would skip that whole section. . . Italian section: They are able to make any type of pasta you want. . -Lasagna wasn't the best, really salty. . . Chinese section: . -congee (with thousand year old egg) was really good! I am shocked that the items for the congee was very authentic. . -xiao long bao was disappointing and dry. . . American section: The sweet potato fries, regular fries and chicken strips were phenomenal. . -sweet potato fries had a sweet glaze, I want to say it was the sugar from the potato, but man... it was good. . -seasoning on the chicken strips were addicting, not exactly sure what was on it. Also, the mini ketchup  bottle was soo CUTE! . -Mini burger was cooked to perfection! medium rare and it was hecka juicy!. . Salad section: The watermelon with cheese salad was perfectly executed and the beet salad was awesome! Very light and refreshing . . Dessert: . -Make your own dessert crepe! Add two scoops of gelato and nom nom nom! I also added some fresh fruit (ask them to slice up some fresh bananas) and drizzle on some nutella! It was bomb!! . mini cupcakes were disappointing, the texture of the cupcake batter was really spongy and full of holes, the frosting lacked flavor. It was just all bad. . -Macaroons had a thick layer of filling and it was overly sweet and didn't have a crispier outside. . -Banana Souffle came right out of the oven and the lady asked me (after asking someone else... who said no) if I wanted one, I said ok. The lady that ended up saying no saw the dish and said she had to get one too. HAHA. The souffle was SOOO GOOD! Make sure you get one when you go to the dessert section!! It was very moist in the center and semi crispy on the top. The banana wasn't over powering and over all the souffle tasted really light. . . Service was good. Water refill was lacking a little, but they made sure plates were cleared before we came back with more plates full of food.
Ohhhhh LAWDY! BUFFETS! I am usually hit or miss with buffets, Im not super into gourmet foods so its like meh with me! . . There are many different selections from this buffet and it's also in 2 different room if you weren't sitting in the back you would probably never noticed that there is a back area of the buffet as well. I followed 2 of the other people who are on our table and it brought me to the macaroni and cheese, prime rib, lamb chops, ribs, and chicken tenders with tater tots station. the way some of the food is served are in little metal  look basket things like fry baskets but they're really cute the only thing is you can only grab 1 or 2 at a time without having a full plate. the first place I got included lamb chops, which I have never tried, so I was really excited. I also got some chicken tenders with French fries and tater tots and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought down to my plate of goodies and took a bite, the first thing I took a bite out of with macaroni and cheese and left me a little sad and needed seasoning for sure. It was pretty bland in my opinion. the second thing I tried with lamb chops, now I have never had lamb chops before so this is definitely a new experience for me and I was very pleased. the lamb chops to cook perfect in my opinion they were so so so succulent and tender and they were exquisitely seasoned very very very delicious! next I tried the chicken tenders tater tots and French fries. They were all seasoned soo deliciously it what a breath of fresh air. The chicken was also very succulent under which is also very nice because that shows that they were not some of those frozen chicken tenders that other places serve! . . there was so many different things to try out I didn't really know what to pick. I definitely do not like seafood I do like shrimp but only need the coconut type which they did not have here. Although a lot of the things did look appetizing I just didn't try them mainly because I do not like seafood or the way it smells. here they had some crab legs which everybody was going for that shrimp mussels and other types of others seafood that I really wasn't sure what they were I did try though the grits with shrimp and it was okay. . . Next to me my way to the back area where they were serving dim sum and ramen, pho, and different types of meats and cheeses as well as Italian foods. here I got some ramen, which had pork belly in it, as well as some cheeses. next I want to Mexican food area where they had carne asada as well as homemade tortillas and big pieces of Mexican corn. I also really like the way they just played the different types ugh salsas although the jars should have had a bigger openings so that way it wouldn't be so difficult to maneuver the spoon to get a spoonful of salsa or guacamole. . between a Mexican food and the American type food thank you have an array of different breads that you can choose from I did try some of the roles which word very delicious and they also had cheese bread and regular pieces of white bread as well as other types.. . Once I got seated I did try out the different types of foods that God I did like the Ramen it was very delicious and wonderful! I also tried the mini burger sliders, these were so delicious and cooked perfectly! I bit into my big piece of corn and was very happy and pleased, I taste just like the kind you would get in Mexico with butter and cheese on it, very delicious! . . Next I ventured off to the desert area where they had a humongous array of different desserts you can do some gelato  bananas foster to different types of cupcakes as well as chocolate dipped cones most and other types of yummies! opted for the tiramisu as well as a souffle and a chocolate dipped cone which was super delish!  . . overall the buffet was very tasty and delicious I don't know if I would pay 40 dollars for dinner since I do not eat seafood and  really wasn't too too much that I would chose to eat, plus I'm really bad at some types of buffets because I'm so simple. I like normal things and here is a little bit of a wicked spoon slash Bellagio type. Overall all I will go back and try it again, once pay day comes!! Hahaha plus I wanna try breakfast!
Food coma...must stay awake...must write review.... . I've been waiting to try Bachannal and tonight, a few friends and I finally went after shopping.  At 5:30pm there was already a long line.  Since I don't gamble, I don't have a rewards card so we had to stand in line for 30 minutes which allowed us to chat while waiting.  I paid $54.04 per person and I think it was worth the money.. . As soon as you get in, you're greeted by seafood: crab legs, oysters, clams, mussels, shrimps, etc.  Since I'm allergic to that stuff, I didn't bother trying it (one allergic reaction per week is my quota). Then you pass through the American station (sliders, ribs, BBQ, rib eye, sausage, onion rings, prime rib, tater tots, corn on the cob, truffle potatoes, sweet potato fries, etc), Mexican station (salsa, tortilla, etc) and dessert station (macarons, gelato, cakes, cupcakes, tarts, fruits, cake pops, creme brulee, bread pudding, crepes, etc) in the middle. The charcuterie (mortadella, coppa,salami, prosciutto, mocecta and air-dried sausages),  and cheese stations plus Italian (pizza, ziti, stromboli, etc) and Asian (sushi, pho, ramen; salty and spicy fish, bao, shumai, hargao, dumplings and other Chinese dishes) stations are in the back.. . I was so excited about the pho and ramen.  I ordered a bowl of pho and I asked the two chefs "where's the noodles?" and they kept pointing at it and I was like "all I see is broth?" so I gave them back my bowl and shamelessly asked for more - much better.  If I were on a diet, I wouldn't be at a buffet.  Also, try the salty and spicy fish.. . Let's talk about desserts...they have mini vanilla cupcakes, mini chocolate cupcakes and mini red velvet cupcakes (with extra tart cream cheese frosting), chocolate brownie tart (skip the tart and just eat the chocolate brownie on top), cake pops and tiramisu were nothing to write home about.  The chocolate and passion fruit dessert was not good.  I give them A for effort on the macarons.  They're not fantastic.  In fact, the pistachio, orange and rose all tasted so artificial and only the vanilla and chocolate macarons were good.  They're hard to make though.  The desserts I did enjoy were chocolate creme brulee, fig & balsamic gelato, baklava gelato and Aztec chocolate gelato.. . Now the best buffets in Vegas in my opinion include: Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan and Studio B at M (my favorite).  For having pho, ramen, unusual gelati, macarons, charcuterie, salty and spicy fish (YUM!!!), crepes and juicy sliders - Bacchanal deserves 5 stars.  The quality of fish they use for their sushi isn't as fresh as Studio B's.  Just imagine this, if Wicked Spoon (single serving plating) and Studio B (delicious variety) had a buffet baby...Bacchanal would've been it.
The hordes of people at the entrance kind of scared me (crowds!), but I understand that they had just opened so it was to be expected. I went here as part of the Elite Grand Opening event (thank you Yelp & Caesars!).. . Near the entrance is the seafood area. There were a number of hot prepared seafood-y items, like clams and mussels in a bucket, shrimp & grits, halibut / salmon, paella.. My friend asked one of the guys back there if any of them were gluten-free. I'm not sure if it was because he was busy / first week jitters, but he seemed inconvenienced. Anyways, he said the fish and mussels were safe. After the hot items, you got the cold seafood items. Piles of shrimp and crab legs. On my first pass, the shrimp looked a bit dried out and grey. After taking a look at it a second time, I saw that they had changed it out and the shrimp was much pinker and plump. The crab legs was what I was in line for. They can heat them up for you, and it does seem to taste better that way.. . After seafood, I went to the salad and charcuterie area. I liked their variety of meats, but was a bit miffed to see Tillamook cheddar on there. I like Tillamook cheese, but it's something I can get at the grocery store. I will give them points for labeling the cheeses. The honey "station" was probably the best part though. They had fresh honeycomb, which people could take a chunk out, while the honey dripped down into pots with star anise, cinnamon in them so that it would infuse the honey.. . Next up I went to their comfort food and meats area. Mac n cheese, scalloped taters.. Yum yum! I saw that they had prime rib there, but wanted to save room for dessert I opted for the lamb chops. They only give you one chop, so I asked for a couple more hehe. :) It was nicely medium-rare, and went very well with the scalloped taters.. . There were a lot of things that I wanted to try, but I don't like to waste and I was getting kind of full by this point. So I went off to the dessert area. I didn't see any standalone fruit. I don't think I saw any in the salad area as well. You know, the freshly cut melons and oranges that seem standard in a buffet. Maybe I wasn't looking hard enough? *shrug* Anyways, they have a great selection of small treats. There was this passionfruit (I think) creme cake that was utterly divine. Light, smooth and not overly sweet. My friend got one of the custards, he said the attendant told him it was gluten free but when I tasted it, it seemed like there was a cake layer on the bottom. Either that, or it was gritty.. . Our server at the table was very nice and helpful. She came by a couple times to check on our drinks. Other servers cleared our plates efficiently. They offered coffee as things were winding down, which was unexpected. I'm not sure if this is part of regular service or if it was because we were there for the event.. . Overall, I would say this will give other buffets in town a run for the money. The assistant exec chef said that they are still in the learning process, so things may change.. . As I walked out, I looked at some of the tables to see what they were eating. Maannn, they had PHO and RAMEN??
Yes - It is extensive.. Yes - The food is well made (only a few bland options, but hey, you've got to have something for those with more sensitive palates). . Yes - You will need to block at least four hours out of your day.. . I headed over on Sunday at about 2:30 in the afternoon. Long wait (about an hour) and finally seated in the main room area near the dessert section (thank you!). . . The options were plentiful and the Asian selection was so well flavored I actually headed back for seconds.. . The sweets options were amazing too. Next time I will start with gelato and end with salad as I missed out on trying a few of the tarts. . . So why one less star? It's waaaaay understaffed. Our server saw my table (of 4 and 1 baby) maybe 4 times in the 2.5-3 hours we were there. Drinks were refilled once, plates cleared twice. It wasn't her fault though. The place was just too packed for the amount of staff. Our group even heard the chefs asking if their break time was coming up. . . From my experience with Vegas buffets, this is going to be a major issue in the future. Food quality will decrease and you will be stacking your plates high.. . Go now when it is at it's premium high, in 6 months there will be some major reductions of quality.
&& I fell for this place :3. . Even though they just opened 3 weeks ago, I think they're doing very good in terms of quality, cleanliness and service. BUT THAT LINE WAS HORRIBLE! I don't know if I could or would ever wait 2+ hours for a buffet... so thank goodness a lady came around and told us we could pay $15 extra for the express line. Considering how hungry and excited I was, I thought $15 extra was worth it if I can cut down at least 2 hours of wait time. She said it would take 5 minutes if we go through the express line but the cashiers obviously didn't get the memo and refused to call us up until the people in front of us got frustrated. . . Once all of that was over it was time for the FOOD!! MY FAVORITE PART :3 I absolutely loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the lamb chops (best thing there in my opinion). They also have king crab legs and snow crab legs (you can ask them for the steamed ones, taste so much better). The sliders are yummy if you add a bit of salt. The lobster corn chowder was very flavorful and hit the spot. Not sure if they had 500 items there but they sure had enough to make me go 7 rounds... don't judge me, I'm a fatass! OH! They also have some legit fresh honey next to the bread and cheese area. Make sure you walk around the entire place first so you know what you're up against. I never ever want to leave their dessert section...soooooooooooo amazing!! The biggest selection I've ever seen! They have everything from mini cupcakes, gelato, macarons, BANANA souffle!, creme brulee, MAKE YOUR OWN CREPES (my fav because they have fresh fruits and nutella!!!). . . I took off 1 star because:. -They were very unorganized with the line and the seating in general even though there were tables open. -Some of the dishes were kinda cold. -The busboys cleaned out our table while we were getting desserts ):. . If you're not a diamond or 7-star member, you'd probably want to dish out another $15 so that you can use that time to actually eat something instead of wait in line. WORTH IT!!
Quite possibly the best buffet I've ever eaten at...and I'm not a fan of buffets in general. I went here on a family vacay (the one we take once every 5 years or so) and the kids coerced the parents to try out the new 'it' buffet. My parents are damn fine cooks, so to take them out, it better be a good place, or we end up hearing lots of complaints about the food throughout the meal (and then some).  Their #1 saying: we can cook this at home, BETTER!. . Yes, we know you can cook well, and probably better too. But just this once, we want you to sit, eat and just enjoy w/o having to chop, dice, fry, steam or present a delectable dish. Although not amazed or in awe, my parents did managed to enjoy their meal and even threw in a few compliments here and there. So RARE!. . We waited less than half an hour for Sunday brunch. $17 million dollars, 500+ dishes and 9 stations of finger-licking goodness. I wished I could stayed all day. Or have a bottomless tummy (like my bottomless mimosa!). I love their fresh squeeze juices, the steamed King crab legs, the juicy cut of prime rib, the soft mounds of cheese bread, the drool-worthy espresso coffee ice cream on a waffle cone, the lightly grilled asparagus, the smokiness of the smoked salmon, the moist carrot cake, the juicy roast duck...and their light fixtures that's made of glasses (as in what I'd find an Old Fashion in). Ah...someone take me back!. . p.s. I'm the 100th review for Bacchanal Buffet...just thought you should know :p
I liked this buffet ....mostly. Some of the standouts were ribeye steak, Oysters, Crab & the super amazing infused honey.. A few things that need to be better...the shrimp had an off texture & flavor about it, almost like it had been soaked in a watery chemical to make it look bigger, prime rib was just meh, no real chocolate souffle here. Warmed Chocolate Fondant Cake is not Chocolate Souffle for those of you that do not know. They had a banana flavored souffle which was terrible. Please don't tease me and say your going to have Chocolate Souffle and then try to offer me banana as if that will cover my chocolate souffle craving. This could be a huge item that would draw a lot more people in for you guys if you did it right. Easy solution - get rid of the fondant cake and make sure you have chocolate souffle everyday instead. Maybe rotate in some other flavors in addition to the chocolate like grand marnier. . Oh yeah the lasagna was a bit on the dry side due to overcooking or being under the heater. . I'm going to check back with them in a few weeks to see if they have made any new changes.
I not really an avid buffet-goer, but I really do recommend Bacchanal! While the wait can get horrendous...I felt that the food made up for it! The miniature individual buckets of seafood tickled my fancy, and it was all adorable and delicious. I felt that the dishes they had offered a little bit more complexity than other buffets. For instance, they had this really good shrimp over polenta,sitting in  a little plate of sauce. Normally at other buffets, you get shrimps in a dish, polenta off to the side, and the sauce nowhere to be found. I loved how they had everything together for me in a miniature slice of heaven. All in all I was pleased for the $40 i payed to get in. Also, you can't really go wrong with spicy chocolate gelato for dessert.
I came here this past weekend after reading some great reviews for this place. My brother and his girlfriend were visiting Vegas from Hawaii, so I met them and took them here. We got there around 10:30 am, as breakfast was ending and lunch was starting. For the three of us it was around $63, not too bad.  . . It definitely lived up to its hype! . . They had the standard breakfast fare like eggs, sausage, pancakes, and various juices. These were all pretty good. They also had some more interesting dishes. Of the breakfast foods, they had huevos rancheros, croque madames, corn beef pizza, steak and eggs red velvet pancakes, and chicken and waffles. Unfortunately most of thebreakfast foods were not great, except the chicken was delicious.  . . However, the lunch and Asian foods were really really good - I'm not talking Chinese buffet quality, but much much better. They had dim sum, and not just spring rolls, but soup dumplings (WOW!), sticky rice (good), and har gau (which I don't eat). The noodle station had amazingly flavored ramen. And the Peking duck was some of the best I've ever had.  . . The charcuterie and salads rocked, especially the prosciutto. Who doesn't love prosciutto. The prime rib was also really good and a perfect medium rare for me.  And the sliders were definitely a winner too. . . The desserts were good but not spectacular, but I am rarely wowed by desserts anyway. The macaroons were especially delicous
I have been here twice now the first time was dinner and the wait was 1 1/2 hours when we got in they had a great selection but as it got to 10 they stopped bringing out rib eye steak and the king crab legs weren't there also.  I would say the lamb chops were great and the sliders were awesome also.  The king crab legs are good if you can get them. The oyster shooters and on the half shell were good also they were from the east coast.  I like the dessert choices.  The service has a lot of improving to do but you can't expect much for it being a buffet.  . . The second time we went was lunch time and there was no king crab legs, lamb cops or rib eye steak.  So or the price of 29.00 it wasn't worth it unless you stayed into dinner time then they brought out the king crab legs the lamb chops and the rib eye steak.. . If I go again it would only be for dinner.
Compared to other buffets in Vegas, Bacchanal ranks at the top. I haven't tried the Wynn or Wicked Spoon yet though so I can't compare it to those but I venture to say they are all pretty much on par with each other. What I will say is that Bacchanal is definitely worth a visit. . . The tough part about any buffet is keeping food fresh and hot - just naturally stuff will cool down if sitting out. Overall, there are some hits and some misses, but it's great to try a lil of everything. The modest portions allow for that. Desserts were great - wonderful selection. Plus, honestly, I just had fun eating here! You can't say that about all buffets. The interior is nicely decorated and there is a lot to see as you walk around the buffet.. . If you get the Buffet of Buffet pass, this is an extra $15 per visit. It already went up from $10 when it first opened. But on it's own, prices are not crazy - ranges from about $17ish for breakfast to $37ish for dinner. Get the free Total Rewards card for a discount. . . I think Vegas and buffets are like Vegas and slot machines, Vegas and showgirls, Vegas and Cirque - it's a match made in heaven. So buffets are a must-do and if you're gonna do, then do Bacchanal!
I came here to celebrate my bday dinner. I like their food. Just didn't really like any of the hot dishes in the hot plates. I thought that was pretty stupid for them to thought of that idea. . . Everyone in line was complaining about the hot plates. But, overall the food was pretty good. I will come here again.
Went on a monday around 6 waited an hour not bad Food was extreamly good looked just like their video...only thing was twoards the end of dinner around 830 9 the food quality started to go down so next time im getting there earlier so i can get in at five the $15 per person line pass if you have the money and dont want to wait is awesome! cant wait to go again and make this a five star review!
My friends and I waited 2 hours for the buffet about 2-3 weeks after it first opened.  It was $39.  I heard it was $35 but I guess they maybe jacked up the price for the I Heart Radio weekend.. . Tip: Each person in your group should get a player's card to save $3 on the buffet.  (the $39 was after the discount). . My thoughts on the buffet.... . Food - AMAZING! They have so much variety from Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, etc. They have BBQ pork ribs, beef brisket, tomohawk steaks,truffled potato, sweet potato fries, seafood like crab legs, shrimp, and mussels. They have dim sum, ramen and pho!  If you like hot crab legs, ask the chefs to get it for you from the back.  They don't put the hot ones out in front for some reason, only the cold ones.. . Only bad thing was no fruit for dinner except if you can find them as toppings from the desserts. Some desserts to name a few arecrepes, cupcakes, cakes, creme brulee, gelato, tiramisu, mousse, souffles, and cake pops.  Desserts looked great but wish they tasted better.. . Presentation - Super cute! It's very similar to the presentation at Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo.  They have their fried chicken in mini frying baskets and mini ketchup bottles.  The amount of desserts were impressive but I wish they spent more time of the taste of it instead of how it looked.  .  . Service - POOR.  I understand they were crazy busy but our waitress would forget one drink and bring another.  She wouldn't take our plates away without being asked.  I expected better service for the price you pay.. . If you're a vegetarian, you should probably stay away.  You would not get your money's worth at this buffet.
Where do I start?  Let's start with the line.........LONG. went on a Sunday after church to catch the brunch and stood for about an hour and a half.  However this may be,  being a Vegas resident for two years now, I've developed cement feet and the unwavering ability to remain unflustered in zig zagging never single filed lines in the name of all you can eat happiness.  . . Although some similar buffets draw lines similar in size, they do not come close to the variety and atmosphere this buffet brings.  Instead of going into detail of what I ate I've come up with these quick notes that cover things either than the above average buffet food.  . -great and clean presentation at all stations. -confusing layout. -all food was fresh. -slow service possibly due to business flow. . All in all probably the best value and quality buffet on the strip.
Step aside Bellagio, there's a new player in town. Baccanal at Caesers is where you want to be. . . The food selection is obviously extensive. I felt full just by looking at all the food. Want fresh hand made chinese noodles? No problem, Asian dude behind the counter is showing off his dough tossing skill. The seafood selection was amazing. I usually load up on alot of shrimp but I didnt realize how big they were until I sat down and looked at my loaded plate.. .  I think gameplay play for this buffet is to hit the seafood first.  You'll get your money's worth in just one trip. Next, attack the meat section. Prime Rib, Tomahawk steak, ribs..need I go on? Japanese, Chinese, Italian, and many more. I wanted so badly to try every item but its just not possible. . . The wait is about 1-2 hours. You can pay the extra to get in quicker or hope you have a high roller friend with a diamond card. The service was very friendly, but one issue was that the waitresses seemed confused. They constantly forgot drink orders and where the orders went. It just seemed very unorganized. . . Bacchanal is definitely my new buffet spot now. Give it shot when you're in town.
I went to this buffet on Saturday 10/20/2012 and started to wait in line at like 6pm. It was a 130 minute wait from the end of the line to the cashier and then another 30 minute wait after paying the cashier to be seated. 170 minutes total! It was good that I wasn't hungry until like 8pm and I had my Ipad there with me so I was able to watch a movie so that wait wasn't that bad for me. . . I highly suggest going when you are not hungry so that when you finally get seated, you will get hungry. Also I highly suggest bringing a laptop or an ipad so you can watch your movie while you are waiting to pass the time.. . Unfortunately on the day I went, they ran out of the stone crab claws and watermelon juice. Their souffle were horrible and by far the worse souffle I've had, but the restfood were good and this place is probably the best buffet in Vegas. I will probably go again, but I will be in line at around 4pm so that I can only wait for 1 hr instead of 2 hrs or greater.
LOVE the food there!  I especially loved the ramen.  Very good flavor.  Salami selection great too!  Meat carving station is huge!  If you like lamb chops, they have it!  Orange juice is fresh squeezed, and you can tell it was freshly squeezed within the hour!. . Pricey, it was $32 (with Players card) on opening week.  Now (3 weeks later), it's $43 per person!
casinos are confusing.  i get lost easy in them and i think that is the point.  there are many buffets in ceasar's palace (as there are in vegas in general) and it would be worth it to make it a point to ask for directions to this particular one.  it's one of the more expensive ones, but it was quite easy to eat through what I thought would be about $35 worth.. . buffets are also a new way of life for me with the little one.  while a buffet would not be a first choice for me in general, this one was worth it and it would keep my son happy.  a win-win i will take since i get so few of them.. . being that he is a toddler, he was also free.  everything there is done with care.  asian food is decent, though i would skip the sushi.  i don't know if it's my two year long mexican food dry spell, but the carne asada and guacamole is delicious. seafood is plentiful and i was impressed that the braised fish dish was not over-cooked- quite complex (like something i would order as a plated dish).. . desserts are prettier than tasty.  that really didn't stop me from sampling extensively.  . we got here early for dinner to avoid a defcon 1 hunger tantrum.  at about 5:30 we waited about 20 minutes to get through the line.  when we left, the line was easily 5 times as long, in which case i would never wait that long for this place with or without the child.
A plate of fancy desserts, a plate of carved meats & BBQ, while slurping a bowl of beef pho and tonkotsu ramen. Don't. f*ck. up. this. rotation.. . Excited to see that Ceasars Palace was finally opening the doors of its highly anticipated $7 million buffet, Vegas buffets are very similar to one another (all equipped with seafood, carving station, fancy dessert station, etc). Generally, new buffets start off very well, so we jumped to try this before it begins to spiral down in quality (all buffets eventually do this).. . Bacchanal seems to have adapted a lot of Wicked Spoon ideas like the brilliantly idiotic concept of individually plating items in dishes/pots/pans/mini-deep fryers so that items do not fit on your existing buffet plate . (Why does fancy plating mean that we have to further frequently pace back and forth for more food?). But, all in all, the food at Bacchanal is a solid buffet competitor to Wynn, Cosmo, & Bellagio.. . The perfect time to go to a Vegas buffet is right before lunch ends (2:30).  . (Props to Justin Y.). That way:. 1. You avoid peak rush hours and the death line wrapped around the corner. . 2. You pay for the lunch price, while dinner items are new and slowly filter in at stations. I.E Crab legs were were not offered for lunch, but appeared later during our meal. 3. Going out at night? Luckily for you, you had a late lunch/early dinner so you will feel like less of a whale in that tight dress.. . . Bacchanal Back-anal jokes aside, this place is recommended
Oh my god, so good!  A HUGE selection of food - the crab legs are my all time favorite and they did not disappoint.  Sushi, American, Chinese, deserts so much fooood!!!  The reason I only give 4 instead of 5 stars is because of how long the wait is.  Yes, I understand there are a lot of people who want to eat there, and that's great...but on Sunday at 11am (probably one of the busiest times) there was only one person checking in the "regular" folks that didn't want to pay an extra $15 to wait in line.  There were six computers and only four in use.  If you wanted to pay to skip the line, you could and three out of four of the people were taking those customers.  Pretty ridiculous.  I waited an hour and missed out on prime sun time at the pool, I'd wait again....but not happily!
Pretty good but the Buffet at Wynn is better and the Wicked Spoon even better!. I liked sushi Pho and ramen and smoked bacon and geleto!. I didn't like Korean short ribs it was bland the Wicked spoon got it better!. The service was a slow filling up the drinks....!. It wasn't bad so I will be back!.  I think it is best to start buffet of buffet here even you pay $25 extra for Weekend Bruch I think it is worth it...!. And they also have suger free desserts...!
Yes, this place has set a new standard for buffet.. Food wise.. but as for service and everything else.. had to take a star away.. sorry.. . I had came here twice and was able to see if anything had changed.  The line, no.  It is estimated that if you start at the back where the sign is, that is about 1.5 to 2 hrs.  I waited once and paid an extra $15 the other time.  . . On to the food.  Many items are a hit and some aren't.  Lets start with the good ones: Crab legs, HUGE! They do have cold and warm ones, chefs are prepared with them as you come by.  Oysters are a hit, but you have to grab them while you can.  Sorry, NO LOBSTER.. Deceiving since they have a lobster on display near the front.  I had the lamb and ribeye.. AMAZING! We had a debate about how lamb should taste with my group and it was interesting about the smell, taste, tenderness and it hit A+ on all three.  Smelled good because it was cooked correctly, tasted wonderful and leaves you mouth with a sweet taste afterwares (we suspect that it's honey).. and no knife needed which means tender!  The shrimp arent like other places (cocktail), this are man shrimps, big and firm.  I heard good things about ceveiche and it is true.. Very well made.  This is dinner.. . During brunch: I like the fresh juices they have in the bottles in the front.  I had like 10. Sorry.. I would pass on the melon juice.. very light.  Red velvet pancakes.. OMG.. it's actually perfect the way it is, don't add syrup.  Their burger sliders are a miss.. Very dry.  Asian food: I enjoyed the lobster bistro soup they had, but the dim sum was okay.  I enjoyed the ham crossants they had in the Italian section and the different cheeses they had.  Remember, during brunch, you do get MIMOSAS! It's part of your meal, do take advantage of it... . Many of the misses was from the dessert bar.  Maccarons were not as good, not to mention that they just throw them into a pile and they crack.  They had this cake with a pipet sticking into it as a fushion cake and that was terrible (cake was hard and the fusion didn't go in all the way).  The fresh suflet they have in the oven are very well made.. I like how its very moist and soft (caution, extra hot).  The taramiso shooter glass, it was good (not too sweet).  They have a crepe station, they make it pretty darn good, different berries to choose from with toppings.  The gelato is excellent, they have unique flavors including such "spicy chocolate, baklava, watermelon mint, caramel delight, etc"  I thought they were pretty good except for the watermelon mint (weird combination).. . Reason for me taking one star away, is the service:. Sadly, both times, it has been pretty bad.  First time, our server did not approach us until 20 mins into our meal (dying of thirst from your food!).  Not to mention that I had to wave her over everytime my drink was on empty.  Second time, they sat 5 of us at one of the round tables that was very tight and sadly, we ate very fast so the plates piled up all over the center.  . The place gets overwhelmed by the number of guests, but they have not gotten the idea of getting more help.  I know it's not the servers fault, but it's management.  Servers are nice and sweet, but lack since they are under staffed.
Chinese Station #7: Dim sum anyone? BBQ pork buns, shu mai, shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings (eat only the inside...the bottom part was uncooked...please change the foil tart for these dumplings because it all fell apart), black chicken soup (BEWARE! IT'S HOT!), BBQ spare ribs, chow mein, rice (Omg! Huge!), and other selections...Wasn't a big fan.. . Dessert Station #8: Save the best for last! Wow! Just thinking about the decadent sweets makes my eye budge and my mouth salivate! Creating your own crepes was my favorite (personal chef) create your own masterpiece with fresh fruits and not that heavy syrup fruits. Ew! Mine was made extra crispy with blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, almonds, banana slices, nutella and to top it off powdered sugar! Nom nom! The selection here is by far the best! Cookies, cake pops (chocolate and cheesecake), brownie pops, creme brulee (ate about four of them...only get the regular one not the chocolate...it was not good), fruit tarts (delicious!), sugar free desserts (for all you diabetics), cupcakes, pies, create your own pazooki, ice cream, gelato (rare selection and very creative, but prefer the strawberry cheesecake), candy jars (mmm...sour apple rings), and many many more! But wished that they made cotton candy...Sugar high! =]. . Service here is what I love the most! They treat everyone with the utmost respect and cater to you. You are like treated like you own the place, which I believe lives up to the Caesar's Palace title. Left a hefty tip, hope our servers enjoy! . . What I most regret is not trying their breakfast and lunch, so I will DEFINITELY be coming back! I would recommend coming to this buffet, you won't regret it!
(before I move on, explanation of the 4 stars instead of 5.... I went a few days after opening and it was $32 for weekday dinner.  My second time a month later and it was $42 for weekday dinner.  They admitted to having raised the price twice since the opening week). . The first time here, opening week, it was a 1.5 hr wait at 7PM.  Ridiculous.  Since that visit I've heard they have an option to pay $15 to bypass the line.  That first eveningI probably would have done it.. . Onto the food:  AWESOME!!!  I'm a Wicked Spoon fan and (nearly) every Vegas trip visitor.  However, I'm scared to admit that Bacchanal might be better.  The most pressing point would be the carving station.  . . Highlights of carving station:. - Ribs. - Ribeye (yes, RIB EYE!!!  And it's properly cooked a medium rare). - hot links. - AND LAMB CHOPS!!!  LOVE THESE!!!  As much as you want. . Other food highlights are the dim sum area, made-to-order ramen & pho, made-to-order suchi handrolls, DUCK, about 20 different salsas, oysters (big ones), and fresh made banana vanilla soufle.. . Dessert highlight has got to be the watermelon mint sorbet.  Also, order the fresh squeezed OJ and watermelon juice.  They also have fresh squeezed cucumber juice, but I haven't tried it.
Talk about food for the Gods! This new and remodeled buffet looks extravagant! The quality of food here definitely exceeded my expectations for a buffet. I mean think about it...they put $17 million dollars into this franchise for a buffet, so of course this has to be at top notch with Wynn (I think it's better...Ek...I think I have to update my Yelp profile for favorite places to eat)!. . Where to begin! Of course Caesar's Palace is like a maze, but I found the buffet quickly. You will notice that there are glass cups on the top of the column lights. The line pouring out from left to right...God knows when you will be next, but guess what? The line wasn't too bad (about twenty to thirty minutes). Then, you wait to be seated and notice the clear plates, bowls, cups, pitchers...etc hanging from the ceiling in their own little box. As well as tanks of fresh display of fish and crustaceans.. . Once seated in the Seven Diamond and Platinum area (front of the buffet), you are basically next to the delicious seafood station as well as the dessert station. Let's begin with the stations from left to right.. . Seafood Station #1: Where all your money is going toward! Huge selection of fresh stone crab as well as king crabs (guess what you have an option of serving it cold or hot, some were salty and some were sweet), oysters (kind of tiny), mussels, cocktail shrimp (black prawn therefore enormous!), clams and where was the lobster? Located in a lobster bisque (very salty)...wish that they served it whole or at least the lobster tail. There was ceviche that had way too much lime...Whoa! Don't try this. The oyster shooter was very good! Much more selections (Just wanted to tease your taste senses)! Nom nom!.  . American Station #2: The top notch American favorite! Prime rib (melted in your mouth), lamb chops, hen (ask to cut which part you want or get the whole hen), BBQ ribs, veal, brisket, sausages, burger sliders (overcooked), sweet potato fries, criss cut fries, tator tots (not too greasy), macaroni and cheese (disappointed because some of the macaroni was uncooked), baked beans, chicken tenders, mashed potatoes (kind of looked unappetizing and the gravy was in a plastic bottle...hope it was BPA certified but it was good still), etc. Also, at the end, you get to choose condiments from these cute mini size jars! Love that all American feast!. . Mexican Station #3: People people?! Omg! Unlimited ribeye steaks! That's right! Ask the personal chef to cook it how you like it! Yum! Of course I can't forget my nachos (this one is for you Frank S.) The chips were nicely seasoned as well as crispy. The different selection of toppings was excellent! There were over twenty selections...(Drool)! Homemade corn and flour tortillas, Spanish rice, tamales, refried beans, and so on. Bring out the Mariachi, time to celebrate!. . Italian Station #4: My favortie selection of foods of all time...but was disappointed. The selection here was simple. Baked ziti pasta (macaroni was not cooked all the way and BE CAREFUL the clayware is EXTREMELY HOT....burned myself...) TALK ABOUT SAFETY ISSUE..., baked lasagna, spaghetti and meatballs (a bit dry and not well seasoned), pizza, Alfredo pasta, pesto pasta, and deli sliced meats right in front of you...I think that is it. Not worth eating at this station.... . Salad Bar Station #5: Fresh and crisp! You can't even describe the beautiful colors as well as the selection...your stomach just grumbles...FEED ME! I have to say I recommend the feta cheese and watermelon! There was a wide selection of assortative cheeses...Mmm...Pepper jack. The vegetables are crispy and not like the limpy kinds that you get at a regular buffet. Yes! There is a huge selection of salad dressings as well! Cheers to you vegans! . . Japanese Station #6: Fresh sushi and sashimi! Seaweed salad, fatty yellowtail, poke stack, California roll, salmon roll, spicy tuna roll, unagi roll, and the list goes on and on! Can't go wrong with this station! . . CONTINUED BELOW (GUESS YELP HAD A CONTEXT LIMIT)...Sorry fellow Yelpers couldn't post this one on the same day.
Definitely a must try!. It is such an improvementover their previous buffet. Seating was slightly cramped, and crap legs were too salty, they might have done that intentionally so people dont eat so much, i dont know.. i am very impressed with their  and not many establishments can make it properly.. Everything looked so delicious, if only my stomach could handle it, i would have tried everything.
Based on my friends' recommendations, Bacchanal was a required item on our itinerary for my most recent Vegas trip. I heard about the 1.5 hour amusement park-like lines, so we decided to come for a late lunch/early dinner.. . BEST BUFFET in Vegas! Why the 4 stars instead of 5 you ask? The lunch selection was a bit cheaper, but the quality wasn't nearly as good as the dinner quality. Also the way the buffet is arranged is that the prime rib and the seafood sections are very close together, so the line is VERY LONG and and SLOW.. . Tips:. 1) $15 for express line. 2) Dinner selection, which tastes wayyy better starts at 3:00pm.. 3) Come early for quicker entry. If you're coming during peak times, you better not have anything else planned for the night because you'll spend the whole evening there standing in line and eating.. . Cuisines: There are more, but it's too extensive for me to include everything.. Chinese (Peking duck-AMAZING, chow mein, soup, etc...), . Japanese (some nigiri, rolls, ramen), . Mexican (soups, . Italian (pizza, pasta, etc...). BBQ (ribs, brisket, sausages). Steak (Prime Ribs. Seafood (oysters, crabs, mussels, shrimp cocktail, oyster shooters). Fried foods: (chicken, tater tots, sweet potato tots, etc...). . Essentially, they something for EVERY taste and preference.. . Desserts:. The dessert station is huge! It includes a bunch of pastries, cookies, chocolate-covered strawberries, unique sorbets, crepes, etc... There are so many I can't even remember a quarter of what was offered.
BEST buffet in Vegas!!! Maybe even the best one I've ever had in my life!. . Ambiance: Loud. Decor: modern, artsy. . Price: $44.99 (what I paid on a Thursday night). . Drinks: I liked the iced tea and the coffee! You get your own mini coffee pot. Cute!. . Food: Sooo many options!! They have Japanese, Chinese, Italian, American, BBQ, Meat Station, soup bar, salad bar, cheese, charcuterie, seafood station, dessert, gelato, souffle, and more!!. . My favorites:. -Snow crab legs: AMAZING! The best I've ever had. Fresh & tasty. The guy at the station was nice enough to full up an empty plate for me!. -Tater tots. -Corn bread. -Waffle cut fries served in a mini shopping cart. -Sliders. -Cocktail shrimp. -Lamb pork chops. -Black chicken soup with ginseng - Totally legit! Authentic chinese herbal soup.. . Dessert bar: . -Espresso gelato in a chocolate-dipped lined with chopped hazelnuts sugar cone! . -Macaroons: fresh! soft and chewy! you can even taste the almond flour.. sooo good!. -Cakes: all of them were good. . Downside - Waited almost 1.5 hours in line... but totally worth the wait!. . FYI, if you don't want to wait in line, you can pay $15 to cut in front of the line. It's an option if you're starving. :P
I've only eaten here for dinner. The line to get in is always pretty long even if you show up early (~4pm) or late (~9:30pm). You can currently pay $15 to skip the line. I have yet to see anyone pay to skip the line. Expect to wait about 1 to 2 hours. The current price for the buffet is $44.99.. . What people line up for:. crab legs (you can ask for a plate of steamed legs if you rather not eat them cold). jumbo cocktail shrimp. carving station (prime rib, rib eye, various sausages, roasted chicken, etc). ginseng chicken soup. . Other food that you should try:. seafood paella. clam bake. spicy ahi poke. seaweed salad. . Even the best Vegas buffets have horrible dim sum... this place might be the best I've eaten. But that's not saying much since it's still decent at best.. . You'll need to come back here a couple of times if you want to sample all of the food that looks appetizing to you.
Wouldve given 5 stars if it werent so pricey! LoL but this buffet is the BOMB! We hv a rating list for buffets, and this is the only one that we rated the highest on our scale. Got there before 5pm and no line. But diff story when we were leaving.
Ok so I'm usually a Bellagio or Wynn Buffet kind of girl, but how could I not go and try this place at least once?  My husband and I ate at the Bacchanal for the first time this past weekend.  I guess we came at a good time because we only waited for like 20 minutes in line-I heard people waited for over an hour when it first opened.  Anyway The decor is super clean and modern which gives the space an nice open feel.  The food is pretty damn good.  They have a section for Asian, Italian, Mexican, American and Seafood.  . Asian: Over all it was good-not great.  They did have dim sum and sushi which was good.  There was a soup station which I didn't try but people were lining up like crazy for it.  . Italian:the pasta stationwas awesome! Very tasty marinara sauce.  The Pre plated stuff was ok... I like the Italian food at the Wynn buffet way better.. Mexican: typical although they had an impressive salsa and condiments bar in this area.. American: This is where all the carnivores belong. They had the most insane carving station I've ever seen. How do I put it? Let's just say there wasn't a type of meat they didn't have available for you to try.  On a side note they did not have any mash potatoes, but they had very tasty roasted potatoes and VERY tasty tater tots.  . Seafood: OMG! that pretty much covers it.  Jumbo size shrimp cocktail, the best crab legs ( hot or cold), lobster corn chowder (AMAZING!), oysters, etc... Just amazing.. Dessert: One of the best dessert section in a buffet I've ever seen! They have cheeseccake cake pops! Gelato which you can get in a cone on your way out! Your own personal size Pizzookie!!! and all of the other greats-tiramisu, cupcakes, candy bar, cookies galore, crepe station...the list goes on :). . Just note some of the plating is pre done onto cute fancy decorative containers so it may be hard to get as much in one visit through the buffet-you definitely need to have a plate in each hand-LOL  . . Oh yeah it's only an additional $15 for endless beer, wine and mimosas!
Went back to Bacchanal on 11/03/12. I was here 1 month ago and though the buffet is excellent, they had MAJOR issues with their seating and table clearing. I was hoping in the 1 month time they had fixed that issue. I am sad to report that they have not.. . I got there at 3:30pm in hopes of avoiding the line, but there was still a pretty substantial line. It moved at an okay speed, but there were times it would stop for long periods of time. I was able to see the area where people were waiting to be seated and there was a giant backlog of people with no one moving. Because of that none of the cashiers were handling any transactions and everything just stopped. That happened twice with a good 10-15min wait with nothing going on.. . I would be okay with that if the delay was because it was just busy with not enough tables available. When I got into the restaurant after a bit over and hour, I clearly saw more then half the sitting area was empty. Empty tables everywhere! They need to have more staff seating people or a more efficient system!. . The food was just as good as the last time I went. I am glad that everything was very good quality and tasted delicious. I am a big fan of the chinese food area. Most buffets have panda express quality food in the chinese food area, but bacchanal has food that taste like it came from a good chinese restaurant. I especially love the dim sum and xaio long bao. Other choices that were good were the sliders, ramen and all the carved meats.. . My only complaint would be in the deserts. They tried to make the deserts too exotic and weird. Im a fan of normal deserts. Want chocolate gelato? Nope, only aztec chocolate which is spicy and weird. Want mango flavor? Nope only mango with chili verde! Want orange sherbet? Nope only blood orange!. . Bacchanal is currently my favorite buffet now that Wicked Spoon is transforming into a generic vegas buffet. Would recommend everyone check it out, they seriously have to have a more efficient seating system. I think maybe the seating is bad so they can try to sell the $15 pass to skip the line.
Very beautiful set-up and definitely better than 90% of the buffets in Las Vegas.  But some of the food had been sitting out too long taking away the fresh feel from their food selection... Their food could have been great if it was more fresh... It cluld have been because it was slow when we went so the food had been sitting out a little too long... Other than that I was happy with their selection and overall presentation of their buffet. But still not my favorite buffet... Cosmo beats them in freshness and cook to order feel.
The food was amazing! No matter what I ate, it was excellent! The only thing that was annoying was the extremely loooooong wait. We got here at 1pm on a Sunday, and had to wait over an hour just to pay. Then another 15 min to get seated. Then, we had to wait in the buffet lines. Once we were seated, we spent about 2 hours there just because it would take so long to get thru each of the buffet lines.
I have to say this was probably one of the best buffets I have ever been to in my life. Understood that the cost is $45, but it is worth every cent. . . We went on a Thursday evening and only stood in line for like 15 minutes (which was pretty fast We ended up trying everything from the Lamb which was AMAZING to the italian food to the oysters. I loved this place!! we wil come back again tomorrow!. . PROS:. . -Awesome Lamb, Italian. -Fresh food. -Deserts are awesome (the baked cookie was the best). -The decor. -Need I mention the food was AMAZING!!!. . CONS:. . -Customer service. -Bus boys did not take any of our dishes. -Server was slow. . . If it wasn't for the Service this place would definiately be a 5 star joint. We will hopefully stop by again tomorrow and see how the service/food does again.
We had an enjoyable experience here at Bacchanal. My husband was happy to find a good variety of cheese on the counter which included local and international selections. There were numerous seafood available on the counter which were fresh and nicely presented. The Mexican food station was also exciting. I saw the "posole" and I was happy. Both the American and Asian food station did not fail to impress us. Those prime rib and korean bbq ribs were irresistable.  Did I mention that the dessert station was mouth watering? Those lollipops were cute and lovely on the outside and tasty on my mouth. I also enjoyed those gelato and the toppings they have available. Tiramisu! What? Where? Yes on the dessert station next to many other yummy sweets.. . The bright, modern and spacious decor of this place provided an enjoyable dining experience to us. I cant speak enough how much better this place is compared to the Wicked Spoon. Lucky for us that we came here on a Thursday thus we did not have to wait. The price was not cheap but definitely well worth it.
Got there exactly at 4PM, no line at all when we went. Hostess was very nice! Told us what kind of food they had blah blah blah. Our waiter on the other hand, was horrible. Hostess sat us down, the 2 out of 3 of us went to go get food, we were gone 10mins or so. Come back & the waiter never came by to take our order for drinks. Another 10mins passes by and we see the waiter taking care of the other tables. We thought he would come to us after he checked on the table right next to us, but he didn't of course and walked away. It seemed like he never noticed that we were new people or we didn't have any beverages lol...  . . We didn't see him for another couple minutes, so we told the hostess that he never came up to us and took our order. So she found him & nagged him, I saw from a distance, kind of made me laugh. After that, he finally he came up to us and took our order. . . Anyways, food there was grrrrrrreat! This buffet is now one of my favorites even though it's pricey it's absolutely worth it for sure! I really loved the way they presented the food, looked so nice. Loved how the chefs there could make you some things personally if they didn't have it out. . . One thing I really loved was the crepes. I had a nutella crepe and it was really delicious!. . . The food & ambience was great, service sucked!
Hmm, overall I rate this buffet as the 3rd best on the Strip.  First being Bellagio, Cosmo second, and Wynn 4th.. . Me and my buddies arrived at about 8pm and were in line for an hour.  We even paidthe extra $15 for their express line.  So damage was $65 each.. . It is a good buffet because it has 7 different stations with each station catering to different palates.  These stood out for me.  You could get the crab warmed up.  A rep is there ready to take your empty plate and quickly cover it with warmed crab legs.  I think it was snow crab and not king crab although I like both.  I really liked their roast duck in the Asian station.  It wasn't dry as my friends had feared.  The best item at the buffet was clearly the steak--very flavorful!  Better than the 6 month dry aged steak I had at Carnevino the following night.. . I liked this buffet, but all things considered and with the extensive wait time and better buffets on the Strip, I probably won't schedule another visit here.  Would only come here if it were a consensus within my group....
Whenever i go to Vegas I love the buffets. We went at an off time -- Saturday at 3:30pm. The wait was about 45 minutes. We were starving but was too cheap to pay the extra $15 for the express line. . . My favorite part of the buffet: So easy to get crab. You just have to hand them an empty plate and they fill it up with warm crab leg goodness!
I like the ambiance.  Design is modern.  However some of the ergonomics are not optimal.  The food is buried under the hoods and very hard to reach at times.  . . Some of the food was just ok and some was good.  The won ton soup was only average.  Egg roll was also dull.  . . The ice cream cone and desserts were great.. . General feeling of our party is that Bacchanal is definitely not the best Buffet in town.
A really good experience for a buffet visit. It took us about 35 minutes to get through the line and sit at our table, but once we were seated, we were able to get our food fast. Unique serving portions and upscale decor make this a place to visit in Las Vegas. Here is the breakdown of my review:. . SERVICE:   The cashier and hostess were pleasant. We got a brief explanation of all the different stations and cuisines available, which wasnice, but the place seemed shorthanded. Refills took a while and the clearing of dirty dishes around us was slow. Almost gave them 3 because of it. . . Food: Overall, there is tasty food all around. However, the carving station is OUT OF THIS WORLD. They serve up the biggest pieces of beef I have ever seen, including premium cuts like the tomahawk ribeye. If you are a steak lover, you will be pleased. The sushi and Japanese station was great (fresh) and the seafood station was ok.. . Desserts: Simply AMAZING. Besides having the desserts you can expect at an upscale buffet,  the have a section just for their unique gelato flavors. Not sure if the ice cream is homemade, but you will find some delicious combinations, like the chocolate/hot pepper, which is sure to amaze your taste buds and blow your mind. . . Visit this place if you get a chance. Come hungry!
Pretty good. This place ranks a close second out of the top 3 buffets in Vegas. I think Wicked Spoon has the best food and a more hip "cosmopolitan" ambiance. However, Bacchanal has much better food than Wynn buffet (ambiance at Wynn is probably more elegant though). . . Overall, I enjoyed my meal. We had a good server who made sure to bring additional sodas and take away our plates. They had crab legs that were halved making the crab meat easy to access. The people behind the counter seemed rather lazy and reluctant to warm the crab legs, but at least they did. I can't remember any particular buffet dish that stands out.. . The dining area is quite comfortable, the lighting is just right, and the seats are comfortable too. The buffet looks new, clean, and nice.. . If Wicked Spoon wasn't open, this would be the next buffet choice for sure!
Yummy! Before I do this review, let me give my dish recommendations to you curious cats: . . - King crab legs. - Lobster corn soup. - Cheddar broccoli. - Oyster shot. - Salmon poke. - Sweet potato fries. - Vanilla creme brulee. - Mexican chilli-mayo corn. . This is the yummiest buffet in Vegas, in my opinion of course. It took 30 mins for me to finally make it to the front of the line, but it was worth it. The presentation is fancier than your typical casino buffet (gold coast, the M, orleans, rio). Although be careful, all the fancy/cute ala carte dishes can easily slide off your plate. The chefs are all really enthusiastic & friendly. They try to help you & greet you. The server I had was "eh." All buffet servers really do is get your drinks & take away your plates, so if I needed anything (refills, change), we had to wave him down. This is a huge buffet for seating & good selections. Half-way through their stations I was getting full. Their food is a big hit or miss! It's either yummy & delicious, or blah. I noticed some of my dishes tasted too salty. As for everything else, it's above average! I was intrigued seeing the decor & certain food choices. Desserts have a big selection too & not just "the usual." This buffet is $45 but better than getting a Las Vegas whole day buffet-hopping pass. & that says a lot!
We were here twice for dinner, but it's impossible to sample everything - there is so much!  Wonderful selections; something for everyone.. . Service is superb and friendly; never had to wait for refills on beverages and always served in a clean glass each time. Perfectly clean everywhere. . . Comfy seating in a modernistic environment.. . Entrees/Beverages: some of my favs were the shrimp, brisket, prime rib, truffled scalloped potatoes, salmon, delicately flavored peach tea, and believe it or not, the best mac & cheese I've ever had! . . Didn't waste my time on chicken, salads or petite hamburgers; I can have those anywhere at home.. . Many options at the dessert area.. . It's an attractive buffet and dining experience. You don't have to dress too fancy, but at least change out of your tee shirt and grubby jeans and be a bit more presentable. Go and enjoy!
I just recently found out about Yelp so this is the first place I came to. The reviews are all amazing. The experience thus far matches that... the food is really top notch.. . It took a bit to get in but that's expected at any popular restaurant so I won't say much about that (I see others complaining but... common guys, seriously). It took them about an hour to get our food after ordering which is also fairly typical of these joints. The staff was very good at what they're there to do though--the waiter was almost abnormally happy to be there and did a wonderful job explaining everything to us, which we appreciated.. . We had steak, chicken, ribs, you name it. "Delicious," all around. Steak lovers will really like this place. We had a small amount of sushi and sashimi as well which was delicious. Unfortunately I was stuffed at that point so I didn't get to try too many variations. Dessert was also good. I ate an unhealthy amount of hot pepper ice cream. I'll go back for more of this. They haven't seen the last of me.. . Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area. It's worth it.
Being the newest buffet on the strip, adds another dimension in the LINES. HOLY HELL!!! Lines were about 1-2 hours and they created an Express line for an extra $15 dollar on top of the 44.99 price tag each person. BTW, with their Total reward cards you get $2 dollar off. Been here twice, grand opening and a week ago. The price definitely went up since. Use to be under 40 and you'll get dinner  . . Food was GREAT but the second time quality dropped on certain items which i can care less because the other items made up for everything. There were at least 500 items according to the website/youtube video. Some were cook as you order so items may vary when you eat here, meaning CUSTOMIZABLE personal chef at your order. Heres a SMALL list of what i remember that was DELICIOUS:. . Crab Legs iced or HOT: YUM. shrimp + cocktail sauce: biggest shrimp i ever saw in a buffet........ . raw oyster: yum. sweet potato tots: okay. cheese brocoli: good but oily. pastas: okay. Corn Clams: SO GOOD . Lobster cream chowder style?: firs time was better but still pass for deliciousness . Lamb shank: Heaven . steak: With ^, I dont need steak but it was still good . (there were other meat too). Pizza. salad. FRESH MADE STREET TACOS: OMFG OMFG SO GOOD . Chips with 18? different kind of salsa/dips?: good. Sashimi: pretty fresh for being in vegas. sushi: minimal selection ... just go for the sashimi. Ginseng soup: very authentic . dim sum: it looks pretty good, too full to try. Fruits: very fresh and sweet . Creme Bru lee: YUM. Macaroons: okay. CUSTOMIZABLE CREPE: YUM YUM . gelato: weird flavors but good. CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES: YUM. Cookies. Candies. Cakes. HONEY. . Okay, enough for the food. The food I would give them 5 stars but for the service 2. why? Our server never really existed around our AREA. Tables around us were filled with plates and tips. What I saw was, he took the tips and left the plates there for a good hour or so. Maybe thats why the line so god damn long. I swear there were at least 5 tables around us are gone with plates piled up and NO ONE was cleaning it or prepping it for the next group. Even at our table, the server BARELY came over to serve us drinks and take plates away. The area is not that busy since the table around us are EMPTY! and I'm sure hes not working the whole entire "wood area." To me, that is not cool.
Lots of food choices. Variety I haven't seen at other buffets. Try the ginseng chicken soup, spicy sausage, and smoked chicken.
The nicest buffet I've eaten at. Just don't eat for at least 4 hours before you go as you're going to need the room in you stomach! The highlight was the Mexican corn, I forgot what they called it but OMG the flavour! The waitress was very hospitable and made the experience ever nicer. I have no idea how people could queue for over an hour to eat at a buffet though. We had a show to catch in 1.5 hours so paid the extra $15 to fast track our entry which was wise as we only just made it to the show. You need time to sit and digest between plates.
We met up with some friends who were also in Las Vegas on the Strip for Thanksgiving dinner.  Every place that we considered eating had lines of several hours, so we knew it was going to be a long wait wherever we went.  We decided on the new Bacchanal Buffet and did the "tag team" approach to the 4  1/2 hour wait in line.  This restaurant just recently opened and underwent a $17 million renovation.  Prices were $50 per adult, children over 8 years old are considered adults at Bacchanal.. . The food was exceptional in most cuisine areas.  The turkey and Thanksgiving food was a little weak.  The seafood section, Asian section with full sushi area and meat carving stations were superb.  One of our favorite items believe it or not was the mini burgers.  They were about the side of a half dollar coin, and had a phenomenal taste.  No condiments needed.  The seafood was super fresh and with many different options available including Alaska crab legs.. . Service was okay, but there had been hundreds of people through the restaurant by the time we ate around 7:30 pm.  They seem to not be very good at keeping the lines moving and had two "specialty" lines that took priority over the general line we were in.  To the left there was a line that for and additional $20 per person,you could pay and be seated in an hour.  To the right was the VIP line for guests and other people of self importance.  It was sad to see but also comical as well to watch how poorly and child-like grown adults behave when they don't get exactly what they want.  In this case, most were frustrated at the one hour wait time.  Poor people.....I mentioned our wait time was over 4 hours.  When we departed at 9:30 pm there were still people in line.  . . I would like to visit again on a non-holiday time and give them another chance.  However, if the line is as long as it was and the treatment of the general dining people is as poor as it was over Thanksgiving, we'll pass.
so this place was one of the MUST DOs on our list in vegas. my friend got us the hook up so we waltzed past the 90 minute dinner line. you can pay $15 to skip the line which i think is totally worth it if you're visiting, 100% healthy, and the line is over an hour.. . decor is absolutely gorgeous. presentation is phenomenal everywhere. service is great from all the cooks and chefs.. . some of the things this place has:. hand made tamales are too big. a full gelato bar. great mac n cheese. both hot AND cold half shelled crab. oysters. kobe sliders which my friend said was ok. chinese bbq pork which was phenom. hot and sour soup. soup dumplings. tons of salasa. macaroons. bananas foster. individually baked choco chip cookies where were too sweet but i think was just a bad batch otherwise great. ribeye. shrimp and grits. individual chicken parm which i forgot to try. . its a GREAT GREAT buffet but there are some duds so you can't lose sight of the fact its a buffet. i dont know what second highest rated buffet in vegas is but i would only go to one buffet while in vegas and id make it this place. id love to see what they could dowith breakfast. wear sweatpants FYI . . JEANS: OK by far. ORDER: you pay upfront after the line. . shout out to the old european hostesses who were so so so so sweet
Arrive early if you plan to dine here for brunch. Do not wait in line. There are many buffets that are comparable in terms of quality and options (Bellagio and Wicked Spoon are my other favorites).. . They make several fresh squeezed juices. I opted for the OJ and was pleasantly surprised by the freshness.. . Favorites: Waffles were good, flaky and could be topped with a variety of fresh fruit. Make sure to visit the crepe station for some hot, flavorful bites. The carving station offered a nice variety of meats.. . Skip: Fried chicken was dry. I suggest passing on the biscuits too.. . Don't forget to try the gelato or sorbets on your way out!
Well deserving 4 stars for a buffet.  . . We came here around 2pm ($45 per person which includes mimosas) for Sunday brunch and there was no line.  But the cashier mentioned that the lines were insane at around noon.. . Bacchanal provides an endless array of goodness from authentic dim sum to fresh snow crab legs.  The 12 million dollar renovation is definitely noticeable and very pleasing to the eye.  . . Favorites dishes:  Al Pastor tacos, beef nigiri, dim sum, shrimp cocktails (these bad boys were huge), brisket, prime rib, and the fried chicken wings.. . Only downside was that our waiter was non-existent, took forever to get our drink order and rarely checked up on us for refills.. . My Vegas Buffet ranking would go:  1st:  Bacchanal, 2nd:  Wynn Buffet, 3rd:  Wicked Spoon.
Not sure if they are worth 4 stars are not....it wasn't bad, but it wasn't omg delicious i want more... . a sunday, and we went around 1...line was crazy long, and I think we waited for 1.5 hrs. The line tricks you, cuz when you reach the register, you THINK you made it, but there's another wait to get seated! almost thought about paying the $15 for express but 4 ppl...not worth it.. . the place looked kind of small....but the seating area wasn't...just the food was placed funny. we paid $39.99 for the lunch, but kind of stayed until dinner.. . we started with the asian side. plenty of selections, everything was good, not great. small sushi selection. they have ramen, pho, udon. some dimsum (but the skin was hard). tuna poke mm. duck! was goood. tried the prime rib, king crab legs that they steam for you, oysters....the ribs weren't good, dry, not fall off the bone. shrimp..chicken wings...tatertots.... dessert selection didn't look like a lot, but their ice cream was yummy, watermelon mint! . thinking the dinner options might be better but we were too full to sit around and wait some more.  . mimosas were unlimited but if you can't find someone to refill it, then its not really.... . overall, was super full....everything I grabbed I ate....but with only one other buffet to compare to, I must try the other ones around now
The sheer opulence of the Bacchanal Buffet is everything I expected. The amount and variety of food can not be easily described, but it is mind-blowing. I started at one wall with Asian food and slowly (very slowly) made my way through salads, Italian (pizzas/pasta), comfort food, BBQ, Roasted foods and finally seafoods. It took me 4-5 trips to get everything I wanted to taste, and then I still had to try dessert. It was well worth the price as I was so full, I couldn't eat for 12 hours. The service was wonderful, although the servers seem to have a bit of a turf-war over tables and were fighting with each other in front of us. I highly recommend this buffet over any of the others that I tried on the strip.
My friend and I decided to go here on a whim and ended up not only feeling like ballers (that price tag is quite hefty...) but also full of the best buffet food I have EVER had the pleasure of eating.. . Let's begin with decor. The place was decorated in a very modern fashion, down to the glass cases of king crab, the comfortable chairs and extra-soft napkins, and even the lounge music! I was surprised the wait was so short as well (20 minutes for a 7:30pm dinner). Then again, it was the Monday after Thanksgiving so people were probably still full of turkey. . . Looking from the outside, I thought the buffet was going to be fairly small but it turned out to be a massive freaking labyrinth. I was shocked when I walked in. From what I remember, there was an Asian food station, salad, Italian, Mexican, American, MEAT, and SEAFOOD. Dessert is in its own private island in the center of the buffet. . . Here's a quick summary/review of what I ate:. . -* Lamb chop: AWESOME. My first time having lamb. Perfect and not too cooked or chewy at all.. - Brisket: Oh. My. Goshh. I can't even. It was as good as my favorite slow-cooked brisket my mom stews at home (and she's the best chef I know).. - Prime Rib: Pretty good, but I've had better.. - Sweet Potato Fries: Yummy and sweet but by the time I had been through the lines and got to eat it, it was cold ):. - Mac and Cheese: Why would I get mac n cheese at a 45-dollar buffet? I was craving it, okay! It was nothing extraordinary though.. - *String Beans: Tell me...How in the world could string beans taste so good?! I still can't get over it.. - Lobster Corn Chowder: A little too sweet for me and I couldn't find any pieces of lobster meat in the tiny tray.. - Pretzel Roll: Cold and too tough. The ONLY thing that I legitimately did not like.. - *King Crab Legs: Pre-opened, juicy, delicious, sweet, just hnnnng. Dipped in butter, of course. You can get it hot and fresh from the boiler if you give the server your plate.. - Oyster Shooters: Yummy!. - Raw Oyster: Small but fresh.. - Shrimp Cocktail: The shrimp are larger than normal buffet shrimp. I appreciate that.. -* Creme Brulee: Awesome. The creamy part wasn't too sweet and the sugary top was crisp as should be.. - Macaroons: This was my first time having macaroons so I don't know if it was supposed to be so sweet, but I definitely felt a tooth-ache after a few bites.. - *Cupcake: Strawberry Lemon cream...Perfectly smooth, light, and not too sweet. Loved it!. . *Favorites. . I tried a lot of little desserts but most were similar and I'm not much of a dessert person in the first place. I also tried a lot more food but the ones I listed were most memorable. Also, I basically skipped all the Asian food because I felt like they weren't worth it for the buffet when I could eat something else.. . Rated four stars instead of 5 because of the price and how long I had to wait in line to get food. If they only served the best half of their dishes and got rid of the duds while lowering the price a bit, I would definitely rate this place a five.. . Sorry if my review is a bit incoherent. To be honest, the best description I could give you of Bacchanal is the following: SKHLKDHJFLAH HNNG.. . That is all. I will probably come back here for my birthday in a few months.
Ahhhhhh someone please take me back!!! And I apologize in advance because I know this review is going to be very long...but it is a HUGE buffet so don't blame me, blame Bacchanal :) . . If you are short on time just know..this buffet is WORTH VISITING. I was pretty skeptical by all the great reviews and the yelper's never lie..now for the people who would like to know what there is to have at this buffet: keep reading! . . Ok, I swear I'm not all over it because I'm asian but I can say i was genuinely impressed with the selection of asian food they had. The dim sum, multiple different soups varying from rice porridge, miso soup, hot and sour, won ton soup, ramen, and a curry type soup. Not only was the selection huge but the quality was great. I was really excited when I saw the korean bbq but it was a little tendon-y for my taste.... Highlights: seaweed salad, roast duck, rice porridge, and all the dim sum items.. . Large assortment of deli meats that I didn't get to try because I was stuffing my face with other things. Same thing apples to the italian/pizza station. I did try some of the meatballs and the tortellini. They were both tasty but neither "wow-ed" me. . . Next to the mexican station were probably 20-25 different types of salsa, yummmmyyyyy. . Ok, the meat station...they probably need more than one guy working this station but I was one of the lucky gal's that tasted the brisket...man is that brisket the best brisket and meat and fat I have EVER tasted. Not that anyone has to convince me to go back to Bacchanal, but I would go back for the brisket period. I also had the ham but the ham was nothing compared to the brisket. On my next visit I hope to see chicken breast instead of whole chicken where you pick your pieces. I just try to avoid bones when possible.... . The next station was carbo-junk food galore. Little baskets of sweet potato tater tots (please don't get me started), regular tator tots, fried chicken and french fries, don't remember the rest because I was too busy with the sweet potato tater tots. . . This is also really random...but the grilled asparagus was delicious. I am a fighter when someone serves me asparagus but I willingly got up for a second serving of asparagus here.. . Unfortunately, the seafood station is another one that seems understaffed. I didn't try much of the seafood besides the crab because there were SO MANY PEOPLE! But, the crab was much too salty for my taste.. . Before I end my praise of how great Bacchanal Buffet, PLEASE visit the crepe station and have one for me. In my visit, I ate 3, and its not because the crepes were small, unfortunately. I literally could not stop myself. There is an assortment of fresh blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, and nutella, caramel, chocolate, freshly whipped whipped cream, etc. This crepe station alone is what sets Bacchanal aside from the others. . . However, there were a lot of things I was flat out not impressed with: . 1. The pathetic fruit selection. Not only was the selection pathetic but the presentation was not up to par with the other things in the buffet. Simple things like the pineapple...they didn't even remove the rind. My school dining hall serves the pineapple with rind. An upscale buffet where people are paying $45+tax and tip for dinner shouldn't have to do more work with the simple PINEAPPLE. Ok, enough with that. Onto the next thing. 2. The Mexican station...I thought this station could use some improvement. First of all, the shredded beef or whatever meat they served definitely has way too many chunks of fat in it. That is all. The tamales, tasty but not enough meat. . 3. I understand that everyone is adapting to the "small plates" trend but I am not a fan..some of the items like the curly fries or other fried items I wanted to try ONE of but since they were pre-portioned, I couldn't! Sometimes the buffets end up wasting more through this method. Thats more of a suggestion than a complaint but whatever.. 4. This place didn't have macaroons on my visit. But there are pictures on Yelp saying that they have macaroons. They either need to have macaroons everyday or not at all. (angry emoji). 5. Lastly, they need a bathroom inside the actual buffet. The bathroom is right outside where you pay but its inconvenient having to share a bathroom with everyone in the casino/hotel along with the buffet customers.. . Of course, no buffet is perfect so I'm afraid I have to give it a solid four stars. I hope to see continuous improvements on my next visit! (and hopefully not another price increase). . PS. I didn't think the servers were as slow as people made them out to be. Within 2 minutes we had our initial greet with our server to take our drinks. By the time I brought back my first plate, the drinks were there. Just an FYI!
I enjoyed my experience here.  They pretty much have everything you could ask for in a buffet.  I took a bite from everything on the menu.  I probably had like 6 plates of food and 4 plates of dessert.    . . Tips:. -Price is hefty at $60, but everything is made fresh and pretty good.. -Tip is included when you pay at the front. -Ther'es so much stuff to eat, sometimes I only took 1-2 bites of my entree and threw away the rest just so I could try everything.. . Top Tier:. -Lamb shank. -Roast beef. -Oysters (fresh, there's a line tho.  You might have to camp for them). -Steamed Crab legs (ask to get this steamed, don't get the frozen ones.  You have to ask them to get it for you). -Sashimi (Spicy Tuna, yellow tail).  Be sure you ask the guy to make it for you.  This was one of things that stood out on the menu.. . Middle tier:. -The soup station (allows you pho, ramen, udon). Be sure you ask the guy to prepare it for you. -Ribs.  They were a bit dry, I didn't get the sauce tho 'cause I like trying the ribs by itself.. -Tacos (ask for the guy to make it for you).. -Meat & cheese section (prosciutto, salami, etc). -Chao (Asian rice porridge soup).  Be sure you get the 1000 year old eggs inside  & the Chinese donuts . . Low Tier:. -Sushi - tasted whatever.  (just go for the sashimi). -Asian food (dim-sum, chow mein, fried rice). -Frozen crab legs (get the steamed crab legs, the frozen ones aren't as good once you've had the steamed). . Drinks:. -They have all kinds of crazy stuff to drink like carrot juice, etc.. . 4 stars 'cause I think buffets are "OK", and I prefer going to places which specialize in whatever dish I'm hankering for.  Still a solid place nonetheless.
Pros:. - Good quality for buffet food. - Lot of variety. - Lot's of seating. . Cons:. - Huge line. - A little pricy. . I came here for dinner and had to wait for a little over two hours. Theres a line where you can pay a little extra and get seated a little faster. After you pay there are separate lines, but the workers didn't do a good job of separating the two lines and it got very complicated. If I knew I was going to have to wait for two hours I wouldn't have waited, but it was too late. They had a taco station (my favorite) and a lot of meat and seafood. There was also a back room that I didn't know about where they had Italian and some Asian food. The good thing about this place is that there's a lot variety. They also have a lot of desserts. If I didn't have to wait such a long time I definitely would have enjoyed it more.
I waited in line for 1hr and 40 min for weekend brunch at 11:30am.  Since they have a seperate line pass $15, the wait to pay for a cashier got longer.  This new line made waiting in line longer because 3 cashiers would help line pass/silver members and only one cashier for the regular line.  Otherwise I enjoy the food-Asian, carving, Italtian, desserts, American food.  The staff refill my drinks without asking. It's also perfect for big groups since they have tables for large groups of 6-10 people.  No blue stone crab, just shrimp, oysters, and crab legs. . . . Cons:.  -They also charge $15 for a line pass.  -Need a price info posted on a wall. -Didn't know the omelett station is at the desert station before I was too full to eat. -Need to post the buffet  prices info on the wall. . Pros:. -Love carne asada tacos, duck, asian food. -red velvet pancakes are delish. -sweet potatoes tots were delish. -variety of juices are tasty too. -macaroons are good. -pizzas are tasty
I came here early on a Saturday evening and didn't need to wait to be seated. However, it was a different story for those who were in queue by the time I left. The service was decent, although it did annoy me when they completely cleared my table before we were done eating. . . My stomach ate itself while I stood in line for the meat station, but I filled up on the meat really fast (try the prime rib). I liked that the crab legs were already sliced in half so they were easy to eat. There really weren't any other main dishes to choose from, but there was a wide variety of desserts. . . Albeit the food is good, I still think Wicked Spoon wins when it comes to Vegas buffets.
Like some other yelpers, The Buffet at the Wynn was my favorite. I wanted to try the Wicked Spoon too, but this was closer to where we were staying. I think this is a close tie between Wynn and Bacchanal. We came here on a Monday afternoon thinking there wouldn't be a longass line. Oh man, there was a longass line. We waited for about 40 minutes, but it was worth it! We were pretty hungry by the point we got to our table, and I got to say they have a good variety like the Wynn. All the seafood dishes were very good. The one I liked most was the grits. So good. Mac and Cheese, roasted potatoes, salmon, prime rib, brisket, tiramisu were just so awesome. They also have juices in cute bottles, but they didn't stand out too much. I was waiting for the crab legs to come out, but the wait was too long. I like this place a lot. Good Job, Caesars Palace!
WOW, I can't believe I ate for 3 hours, nonstop. I just HAD to try almost everything they had to offer. Damn that "get more bang for your buck" mentality!!!!! . . In my opinion, Studio B at the M hotel and Bellagio were my top buffets in vegas. Yes, even Wynn and Wicked Spoon at the cosmopolitan cannot compare. This buffet is definitely on par with Studio B and Bellagio. I'm going to list out how the top buffets rank in comparison to each other for each category and let you decide where you want to try for yourself. (1 = best). . Carving Station: 1. Studio B, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Bellagio. Seafood: 1. Bacchanal, 2. Studio B, 3. Bellagio. Asian: 1. Bacchanal, 2. Studio B, 3. Bellagio. BBQ: 1. Bellagio, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Studio B. Salad (who comes to this station anyway?): 1. Studio B, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Bellagio. Italian: 1. Bellagio, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Studio B. American: 1. Bellagio, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Studio B. Dessert: 1. Bacchanal, 2. Bellagio, 3. Studio B. . As you can see, they all have their goods and not so goods. It just depends on what you're craving. I will say that Bellagio's buffet is smaller in size so they do not have as much variety, but you can count on their quality. Everything they put out will be good whereas quality decreases as Studio B and Bacchanal offer more quantity. Also, Studio B includes all you can drink beer and champagne whereas Bacchanal has fresh squeeze juices (orange, carrot, tropical, and watermelon). . Last tips, its $46/person for a holiday brunch, but it's $2 off/person if you're a total rewards member. Also, no lines before 11:30am for brunch! I hear their line goes round and round and round!. . By the end of the 3rd hour, all foods taste the same. Trust me, I don't think you'd want to eat anymore. FYI, the restrooms are right outside of the buffet.
Yup, they weren't kidding when they say this is the best buffet on the Strip.  Expensive but pretty darn good.  We ate the lunch buffet.  Where else but in Vegas can you get. . Ginseng & Chicken Soup steamed in a ceramic bowl. Ramen Station. Oyster Shooters. Fresh Shucked Oysters. Sushi. American BBQ meats of all kinds - beef brisket, sausages, beef. Fresh made soft tacos with Wagyu Beef. Pasta - all kinds. Fat prawns with just the tail on. Ceviche. Chinese Noodles. Roast Duck (Chinese style) with Plum Sauce. Dim Sum. Build your own salads. Hot Sauce Bar at the Mexican station. Freshly squeezed juice in your own jar - cucumber, watermelon, tropical, orange. . all in one place?. . The lineup wasn't bad on a Tuesday at 11 a.m.  The line started to build at about noon to 1 p.m.. . Come to the Bacchanal Feast with an empty stomach!
I came here for the champagne brunch and I didn't think the champagne portion was worth it.  Never had such pulpy mimosas in my life!  Other than that, the food is really good.  The chefs that work behind the counter are so sweet and give great service.  The highlights of my 3 hour eating escapade here were the gelato station (they had really unique gelato flavors!), prime rib, raw oysters, king crab legs, creme brulee, and fresh carrot juice.
Oh Bacchanal, how you've spoiled me.. . Bacchanal seems to be the new hype around town, evident from the LONG wait line for Thanksgiving weekend. After arriving at Bacchanal at around 5pm during the Thanksgiving weekend, we were informed the wait time would be around 3 hours. If you were willing to dish out another $20 for the express line, you'd still be looking at 1hr wait time. And since it's the holiday season, prices had gone up to reflect the holiday spirit.. . No matter, we were prepared to wait. I mean, I get to eat my fill of fresh oysters, I would be willing to wait for that!. . So...after a turtle-slow moving line and well over three hours later, we found ourselves finally at the pay counter. In the meantime, we were entertained by the other onlookers or passer-by scoffing at all those dumb people willing to wait for so long just to get into a buffet...or maybe we were entertaining them? Who cares?. . The seafood station is right by the entrance, all those shelves in transparent container sure kept me giddy for bit, not to mention watching those crab legs and oysters being shucked. So as soon as we got our table, I went to the seafood station.. . Food was definitely fresh, since you can see them being prepared right in front of you. In fact, there were such a long line at the seafood station, and since most people were there for the crab legs, the service guy just ended up serving crab legs right out the pot! Hot, steaming crab legs, how can you not love it? The downside was since oysters were being shucked fresh, there wasn't enough to go around. I just grabbed half a dozen before I got a guilt trip and had to leave so there would be enough for the people waiting behind me. But no matter, I visited the station numerous times to get more~. . The fried goodies, like french fries, tater tots, came in individual serving sized frying basket, which I thought was very considerate and cute. The french fries were still crunchy after I've left them on the table for over an hour.. . Sadly I didn't have enough stomach to sample the other stations, though I don't regret that at all. Next time when I'm back in Vegas, I'll still drop by Bacchanal to get my seafood fix!
Cut to order Prime Rib all day! . . One of the better buffets in Vegas. . . Pros: good variety of choices of food genre: Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, middle eastern, etc. . Excellent dessert station. Maybe the best in Vegas. . . Cons: lines for the taco station and the seafood station are way too long. The sushi could have been better too.
Probably most popular ...     King crabs.  I don't eat that.  But everyone.  was.  Tomato mozzarella and nice salads and cole slaw.. Giant meatballs. Penne ala vodka. Sliders. Onion rings. Sushi and Mexican stations. Duck. Prime rib. Lamb chops. Corn. Shrimp cocktail. Loads of dessertsPizza.   Four diff kinds. Giant garlic knots. . Sunday night was 48 an adult and 26 for my 8 yr old!!! Very good buffet but pricey
Don't forget the cheese and meats in the back room. Ask for the watermelon juice.
Food was good quality but not as good as Bellagio or Mandalay Bay. The line was the longest I have seen in Las Vegas in a few years. Selection was larger than the two buffets mentioned. Pretty happy with this buffet. The long wait was the worst aspect of my experience.
Holy crap on a cracker!  The line to get into this posh buffet during dinner hours is major.. . 1 hour to pay.... 1 hour to get seated.... 10-15 minutes to get seafood.... . But the upside is, the food was pretty darn good.  When I hit a buffet, I always try to squish in 'AT LEAST' 3 rounds of servings.. . Round 1 - zero waiting:. Pork fried rice, chow mein, veggie spring roll, pork sui mai, Shanghai dumpling (YES, juice inside too), cali roll, salmon nigiri, beef with broccoli, kung pao chicken.. . I drank diet Coke for burp-age power, its to make more room for food after burping out the air in my stomach.. . Round 2 - 10 to15 minutes wait:. Baked salmon, lobster bisque, seafood ceviche, lots of Alaskan king crab legs, lots and lots of shrimp cocktails, 4 freshly cracked opened oysters (this took the additional 5 minute wait). . Break time!  Drank diet coke for burp-age.. . Round 3 - 5 minutes wait:. Wagu beef slider, prime rib, bbq ribs, garlic mash potatoes, french fries in it's own fryer basket. . At this point, I'm full up to my neck.  And almost can't walk anymore... but dessert must be eaten too.  At this point, I ordered a cup of hot tea to go with my dessert.. . Round 4 - zero waiting:. Dark chocolate layered mousse cake, lemon strawberry cupcake, creme brulee, chocolate dipped strawberries. . When I got back, my tea was waiting for me.  It was a nice touch for them to provide the hot water in it's own decanter but the tea was basic Lipton.  Yuck.  For $49.99, they should at least have better tea available!  . . I got my money's worth...definitely did.  I seen others shove more food into their mouths than I did but to each it's own :). . Tip:  Make sure to tip your waiter/waitress directly, they provide better service when you do this.  I took 1 star off due to all the waiting.  Otherwise, the food is 5 stars to me.
Pros: sushi bar will slice up yellowtail and salmon sashimi upon request and it is a great cut of sushi.. Fried chicken.. Cous cous (surprisingly).. Deli meats and cheeses.. All asian selections.. Oysters were really good.. . Cons: Crab legs were a bit smaller and not as sweet as the Wynn's.. Starches in bbq/american fare were a bit underseasoned.. Fish had a lot of bones.. Overall, the dinner buffet was well worth the price as the buffet selections were never ending and the desserts were awesome. Will definitely come back for lunch/brunch.
As a Las Vegas local I had been eager to try this new and highly raved about buffet.  I met an out-of-town friend for lunch at the buffet yesterday.  We met at 12:15 and only waited about 15 minutes in line.  Once inside, we didn't have to wait longer than 3 people for anything, so we were very surprised how convenient the lunchtime buffet was.  Other reviews indicate that dinner is a different story - so I recommend going for lunch!  No, you won't get crab legs at lunch, but if that isn't important to you, then go for lunch!  I don't think anyone can eat everything here, so I will only speak to the things we ate.  The lunch buffet with tax was $32.  Honestly, most people will probably spend $20 to $30 on lunch anywhere on the Strip, so it's not an entirely bad deal.  The service was excellent and our drinks never went below half empty.  Here's my food comments.  Things I loved: the sushi was surprisingly good though the soy sauce had too much sodium.  The cooked meats were killer good - including the brisket and ribs, cut to order.  Excellent sweet cornbread.  The shrimp on ice and seafood paella was good.  The mac-n-cheese was not your standard mac-n-cheese and really awesome!  The tacos are made to order - you just tell them the meat and he grills it up and makes it for you.  NOW FOR THE DESSERT.  SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!  The bread pudding was excellent - espcially with a hot cup of coffee after lunch!  . . It says there is a 2-hour maximum.  We stayed longer and nobody said anything.  But it also wasn't very busy and we were just chatting mostly - and not consuming ravenous amounts of food.  As we were leaving at 3:15pm, we noticed that the crab legs were being served.  Again, not my thing - but if they come out for "dinner" at 3:00pm, you might be wise to eat around 3-4pm to avoid long lines.  . . I will definitely return for the lunch buffet.  Probably not for the dinner buffet - because I can't eat $50 worth of food.  It's a very good buffet experience that you should try at least once!
I'm a Vegas local and I will admit I'm pretty reluctant to go to the strip just to have a buffet dinner, however I was urged to go. It's pricey, but if you are like me and my boyfriend and can ignore the fact your stomach is telling you "Stop, enough, please... no more" it's worth it. Like most buffets (in my option) this is set up so it's wrapped around the dinning area, I can never find my seat. The only thing that I wasn't too pleased with was I had to wait almost 10 minutes for drawn butter, for my crab legs, which ended up causing a line of people. Everything was wonderful in terms of the food, quality, and service. I will have to say I LOVED our little Italian waiter who delighted us with short stories about NY (where I'm from), even with story time he was quick and efficient as well as super friendly. I wish I remembered his name because he was delightful. Overall a very very good dinning experience especially for a buffet.
Hands down the best buffet in vegas strip. It is expensive but there is so many options here its worth it to try it. There is seafood section, american section, asian section, mexican food, and a whole separate section for dessert. I like the presentation of the food and how some comes in cute plates. The only complaint is it takes up a good portion of your plate. the sushi here is actually decent and is a great cut. . . Ramen and PHO section: choose the ramen over the pho. . Asian section: all good!!! they had dim sum, fried rice, noodles, and congee. (porridge). . Dessert: they had limitless macrons, but not as good as it looks. The only thing i like at the dessert section is the gelato balsamic with fig, sounds weird but its good. . Waiting in line here was definitely gonna be the most annoying part for people. I heard if you pay 10 bucks you can be in like a fast line. So come early and try the buffet. I think its worth trying if you are here in vegas.
We came here on a Friday night (12/14/12) with a party of 9 and expected a two hour wait from reviews/word of mouth. To our surprise, the line was really short to get in; we waited maybe 15 minutes. Bacchanal Buffet might be pricey but it is definitely worth every penny and it doesn't feel like a buffet but a real trendy restaurant vibe. The food lines are pretty long but there is a lot of different options, all of which are amazing. My buddies and I went straight for the  protein and seafood and was not disappointed. The dessert bar was also fantastic (try the Mint Watermelon Sorbet & Banana Fosters!). Def worth coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
4-4.5 stars. . . I'm writing this revew on behalf of my family. Haha. We go to Vegas pretty much every  Christmas break (excluding last year). This year, we had three straight buffet meals: dinner at Bacchanal Buffet, breakfast/brunch at MGM buffet (we were staying at MGM so we got meal credit), and dinner at The Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan (amazing!!!) . . This buffet, which re-opened in September, copies the original concept from The Wicked Spoon in which there are individual, warmed plates of food that you grab. The location is vast, fitting 600 seats and the decor modern and sleek. . . The seafood here was really good. The oysters were so fresh (from Virginia). My mom and I rarely eat oysters at buffets because of being wary of food-born illness, etc. (or oysters, period, considering how expensive they are) but we thoroughly enjoyed slurping on them here. Yum. There were also snow crabs and king crabs. You could also get them hot or cold, which were nice options, although the line system and organization for them was a bit awkward.. . The other food was forgettable to me, but solid. I had to look back at my photos just now to remember what I had that was notably good. There was nothing in particular, which might be expected at a buffet. But, I do remember more of my Wicked Spoon meal even if it was later.. . The desserts were a feast for the eyes, but by the time I got to them, my stomach felt so heavy -- I had been deprived for too long as a NYC grad student. Hah. I did still try some small bites from several desserts though, and I think I did end up being underwhelmed with the tastes. The mochi ice cream is from Mikawaya, which is good, but I somehow didn't imagine their green tea to be so floral and "western tea" tasting...unless the green tea flavor in particular wasn't from Mikawaya? There were two creme brulee options -- the standard vanilla creme and a chocolate one! Both were delicious with good texture and consistency in creme and glazed sugar -- not soggy or mushy, etc.. . The price at ~$45 for a weekday dinner (versus $50 for Friday - Sunday) is expensive, but seems to be a common price for Vegas buffets these days. I'm not sure if it deserves its "#1 Vegas buffet" from USA Today, but I'm open to going back to the buffet for its setting and various, solid options.
One of the best buffets out there in Vegas! Price isn't too bad, $42 for lunch. I came here two weeks ago and the wait wasn't too long, a 40 minute wait for lunch. It was one of the better buffets I've had. The food was very good with a HUGE variety. Presentation of the food was nice and it tasted great. Plenty of fresh crab and oysters. You can even get it steamed hot if you like. Their tacos were excellent, wide variety of cheeses, caprese salad, watermelon and feta, and the beets salad were refreshing. Prime rib was good...sushi was fresh! They even had ramen! . . I loved their dessert section! It was phenomenal! I had to try a bite of everything! They even had French macaroons and mochi! The gelato bar was amazing and not to forget the homemade crepes. I had so much food, I was stuffed!
Newest buffet place opens up in Caesar's palace and it was packed even for lunch.  It was around $30 per person and it was pretty good.  My favorites were the prime rib, raw oysters, and some items in the chinese food section and bbq section.  There is also an italian food, mexican food, and american food section, and has a similar concept to Wicked Spoon in serving small plates.  The dessert section is also awesome.  I would say nothing really stood out but there is alot of food and it is a good choice for a buffet.
What's better than showing up at the Bacchanal Buffet at 11 am, hungry as fuh? . . Showing up with someone who can skip the 1.5 hour long line with their Diamond card.. . Hell yeah I want Champagne! . . Fresh made Crepes? I'll take two s'il vous plait! . . Cuisines from nearly all continents and then some? I best be making several rounds. . . Yummy bacon! Crab legs! Is that hamachi? Pho for days. Delicious breakfast pizza. Chocolate croissant you have my heart. . . I take another fresh squeezed mimosa please! . . But what did I learn? Never ever try to out eat your Vietnamese boyfriend. Because he will out eat you and the two people sitting behind you. And then top it off with two servings of flan and a plate of fruit, only to still be hungry. . . Babe, you know we're eating at e by jose andres in a few hours, right? "Oh yeah, I know. I just need a nap." . . Lucky he can pack food away in his hollow leg and still be slim. I'm so very envious. . . The food is pretty good here. The buffet itself is not to bad pp either, considering what you're getting. I wish buffets could be this nice to look t too. So very modern. So very chic. So very Real Simple magazine. . . I would definitely hit this place up again. I mean, I want to try everything, it's just impossible on my diet!
I don't eat a lot of good buffets so I gotta give this a 4/5. Pretty good quality Asian food (all I really tried was the duck and the red pork because that's all I wanted for the moment). There was only one set of sushi and a lot of sushi rolls, they were all pretty good in my opinion. I don't know what people were complaining about the sushi for. . . There's really good Asian food, some Mexican food, Italian food, and really good, boiled crab legs. The American meat (turkey, brisket, and others) were too smoky and dry, definitely could've used some work there. But otherwise, good stuff all around. . . The decor, environment, and seating is excellent and puts you in a good mood for the food. . . LOL, the people whining about how long the line is. What the hell do you expect, just wake up early before the opening and you get in easy. Otherwise, pay for the express  and just go in. If you're not willing to pay for the express line, I don't see how you afforded to come to Vegas in the first place.
$51.99 for lunch on Christmas Eve. . . I normally dislike buffets but this one was probably the best one I've tried. There is just so much variety. I didn't even have enough stomach room to try everything. My family and I decided we would all get something different and take bites of each item just so we would have room to try everything... nope, that did not happen. We missed out a lot of pastries and other items. Also, we went crazy with the warm king crab legs... mmm... so good. . . We arrivedat 10:55 and sat down at 11:35 which wasn't bad. Because of the holidays, we only had 2 hours to eat but whatever, I don't think obesity was on my Christmas wish list anyway. . . Would I come here again? No. Bacchanal is ridiculously expensive. It was worth to try it once considering it is a new buffet and was recommended by a few friends. If I had it twice, then I would agree with some reviewers--overrated.
$50/person at dinnertime is straight robbery if you ask me, and I'm not gonna lie, I WAS expecting perfection here. At $50 a pop, it should be, right??. . We came around 330, and it took only 20 minutes to pay, but another half hour from there to be seated. The seating area is pretty big, with desserts in the middle and all other stations around one side. The carving station should really be set farther away from the seafood, as those are the two busiest and the lines ended up melding into each other. I did appreciate that there were places everywhere  where you could get a fresh plate. On to the food!. . Asian: they had sushi, ramen, pho, noodles, beef with broccoli, char siu bao.. those were the most notable. This buffet had one of the better tasting asian selections of all the buffets I've eaten at in Vegas. Their ramen actually wasn't bad!! The broth tasted a lot better than I thought it would. . . Italian: this is hubby's fave station at buffets, and he was disappointed. All the pasta that was sitting out was cold, and we realized it was because there were no heat lamps or burners keeping the food warm. The vodka penne would have been a lot better if it was warm, but I didn't care for the pesto orrecchiette. The meatballs were good though.. . Carving station: The brisket was REALLY good. It had a nice smoky flavor to it. Hubby said their prime rib was pretty good, and the guy carving the meats was super friendly and cheery. . . Mac & cheese: disappointing. It wasn't cheesy enough, and it had an old flavor to it.. . Deep-fry baskets: tots, fries, chicken wings, oh my! The tots were super crispy, just the way I like em. I loved that they were all served in these little baskets that were easy to grab, though it took up a lot of space on the plate. . . Seafood: they boiled some crab legs, so if you like them like that, then this is your spot. We prefer them chilled, and they weren't bad. There were a lot of seafood options too, like cioppino, mussels, ceviche, and even shrimp cooked in spicy old bay spice so it tasted close to Boiling Crab!. . Fruit: I was pretty sad to see that there was no fruit around, just a few slices of watermelon and a few slices of melon.. . Mexican: Hubby liked their tacos, and they were surprisingly pretty good! They heated them on a big round warmer too. They also offered quesadillas as well.. . Desserts: mochi ice cream! Unique gelato flavors! Hubby tried their watermelon mint and it was pretty good, the mint was overwhelming. Lots of cake pops, mini desserts, bananas foster, and macarons. The macarons were pretty good too!!. . Overall, the food wasn't bad, but I'd say it's comparable to Wicked Spoon, which is cheaper. Hubby was disappointed by the Italian, which was a pretty big letdown for him.
There sure is a lot to like at Bacchanal.  The hot sweet potato puffs in individual baskets, lamb chops, smoked brisket, corn and lobster bisque, Kobe beef sliders, and shrimp with grits were among my favorites, not to mention the exceptional dessert selection that topped off  a (ahem) bacchanalian feast, straining the elastic waist on the pants I thoughtfully donned for the occasion.. . There was so much more that I didn't get to try.  Who in their right mind could partake of all 500+ items and still live to write about it?  I'm not normally a huge eater, so this selection boggled my mind.  . . I didn't like some of the things I tried, such as the Chile Verde, which I normally love; here it was too spicy, the pork was way too fatty, and the sauce tasted bitter.  There was a Mexican concoction that one of our friends was eating, but when I went to get some for myself, it had been replaced by something else.  Oh well, I think I managed to stuff my face pretty well without it.. . I'm not crazy about the cold stainless steel ambience, which to me is completely devoid of charm.  I also was impatient with the long line at the seafood section, which was held up by the people waiting for their crab legs to be steamed.  By the time I realized I could cut the line to take the couple of shrimp I was waiting to get, I had already eaten too many of the sweet potato puffs from the basket I grabbed at the beginning of the line.. . Our waiter was the most attentive and helpful of any buffet we've ever eaten at, as was the hostess, who explained the setup and told us about the "other" side of the buffet, which we easily could have missed, since we were seated near the desserts.. . I can't say this is my favorite buffet in Vegas, butit definitely is worth the price of admission, especially if you have a big appetite.
This is the buffet of all buffets. You will never find one close to this in the Vegas or anywhere is the US because . . 1. They shuck the oysters in front of you.. 2. They boil the king crab legroom in front of you.. 3. They have tomahawk ribeyes. One of these will set you back $90 at a steak house.. 4. Stone crab claws...that's crazy. They didn't have it when I went so I'm guessing it's only available on weekends.. 5. You get to build your own crepe.. 6. They have congee, pho, and ramen but don't eat the pho.  It is nasty. They need to hire the cook from Rio to make it.. 7. There are many more stuff that you won't find in other buffets.. . I took off 1 star for the long azz wait. If you come for dinner show up at lunch time. Bring a portable toilet, chair or sleeping bag...you will need it!  Or you can do what I do. Find a high roller and have them bring you in. The only bad part about it is you have to eat with them and hear all their bad beat stories...lol
The food was good, great variety but I"M PISSED.  I wanted to eat here on Xmas day, but it was a 5hr wait.  No thanks.  So, I think " I'll go on Dec 26th for breakfast".  Imagine my surprise, when we walk in( no wait at 8:30am), but am faced with a 50.00 brunch, not a 20.00 breakfast.  Yeah, I could have left, but we'd driven over from the Encore and were on our way back to Cali.  So, there went 110.00 down the drain.  I think its pretty shitty that they are still doing " brunch" even though its not a holiday.  The holiday was OVER.  Just a way to get more money from people. . . That being said, I wasn't in the mood for seafood at 8:30am so I didn't get my money's worth.  There are signs all over the place to talk to the chef, if you have dietary restrictions.  I cant eat runny yolks because they make me burp something awful.  I wanted eggs benedict so I asked for poached whites.  I was told that they couldn't do that, I would need to talk to the dude making omelets.  I talk to him and he says he cant poach me a white, even though he has a big pot of simmering water right next to him. . . That ticked me off.  If I am paying 50.00 for breakfast, I want a freaking poached egg white.  After awhile, I spoke to the manager who brought me to the chef.  I got my white and my toasted English muffin( they normally don't toast the muffins for bennies).  I didn't even want it at that point, but I got it. . . There was a very large variety of food, but the only fresh juice I saw was OJ.  The pizza crust was amazing, but they put way too much cheese on it.  I hope they remedy that.  . . The desserts were a lot better than the buffet at the Wynn.  It was a good brunch, but not worth 50.00.  They didn't even have stone crab claws like I was expecting.
Oh no, another Vegas Buffet.. . Yes, this is another Vegas Buffet. It is big and with long lines, but you will soon realize this is The Bacchanal Buffet.. . The Bacchanal Buffet is just a cut above the rest. Everything here seems a notch better than anyone else. The selections are vast and the details are a little better.. . I stopped by for a Monday breakfast. Twenty-two dollars is a bit high for breakfast, but I walked out of there thinking it was worth the indulgence.. . The Dim Sum was borderline bad, but I wouldn't blame them for trying. (Dim Sum is best served fresh). . Everything else seemed to be made and displayed in smaller quantities. I think this method works. The big trays and troughs of food that other buffet use really ruin great tastes.. . They even had BBQ for breakfast! What more can you ask?. . Again, their selection was wonderful and fresh. The orange juice was really freshly squeezed, the crepes made right in front of you. The many selections of egg dishes were a breakfast delight. . . Enjoy the indulgence! I'm going back to try dinner soon.
Recently went for lunch, and it was good.  Bacchanal is basically the best buffet in Vegas right now.  Yes, it's a little pricey, but it's in Caesars and thus, somewhat expected.  More importantly, its worth it for the quality and selection of food.. . Even though the line for lunch looked worse than the line for Space Mountain at Disneyland, I timed it, and it was about a ten minute wait time.  It was $30 for lunch, or $36 including tip, which you can add at the cash register.. . One of the things that I like about this buffet is that they do a few dishes for each type of food, and they do them (mostly) well.  There isn't that sense of trying to offer every single dish known to man (Rio buffet, I'm looking at you!) at the expense of the quality of food.  The other thing that I really like (okay, love) are the desserts.  The desserts are plentiful, and taste like they're straight from a bakery.. . My highlights were the pesto pasta (REALLY good pasta), chorizo with potatoes, beef sliders, and the sorbet.  The sweet potato fries also deserve special recognition for having just the right amount of crispiness.  (Not to be confused with the sweet potato tater tots; those had a weird glaze on top that tasted too sweet.)  I also LOVE the watermelon fruit juice, which oddly, is located in the seafood section.  . . I've also heard that the Pho is awesome here, but I didn't get a chance to try it on my last visit.  Overall, I think it's a great buffet, but some people may be disappointed simply because that tends to happen when other people rave about a place, particularly a buffet.
after hearing all the hype about how good this new buffet was, i decided that i must try this place the next time i go to vegas... so i actually did try it when i was in vegas couple of days ago... . i waited for 3.5 hours just to get inside.. i didnt know they have express line where you have to pay an extra $20 until i was about 1 hour away from the front line.. i probably would have get that i had known earlier.. and since its holiday season, they jack up the price of the buffet to $50/person.. for $50/person, i expect a really good quality of foods and services. . . at the end of my 3.5hours of waiting, i finally inside and was able to feed my starving stomach.. i didnt really have lunch that day to save room for this buffet and it was 9.30pm by the time i got seated.. so i couldnt help myself being greedy and took more than what i could eat!! . . - their asian section - i like the spicy fried fish in the chinese section.. its perfectly fried with a hint of spiciness.. the sashimi in the japanese section was pretty good and fresh also.. i got quite alot of them but my favorite dish of this section was the ginseng chicken soup.. i wished they have a stronger ginseng flavor, but its still goo regardless.. . - salad section was average.. i didnt really try any of their salad.. i mean i could have gone anywhere if i wanna eat salad.. but i did try the watermelon and cheese salad simply bcoz it was presented nicely.. nothing special about the taste.. . - meat section - after all the wait i had to endure to get inside this place, i needed to wait another 30mins to get the meat.. im not a meat eater to begin with, but my bro is a meat eater.. so i got this for him.. he said that the lamb chop was his favorite and i also think that they did a really good job in cooking the lamb. the beef brisket was okay, the rib wasnt so good, and the steak was pretty dry.. they also have quite a good selections of the fried stuffs next to the meat counter. the sweet potato fries is a must try, its so good and sweet.. the rest was just so so... . - seafood section - this is my main reason of wanting to come here.. i wanted to try their seafood... i love their shrimp cocktail.. it was so juicy and fresh.. clams was pretty good too, the lobster bisque was average, and the crab legs was a disappointment. both the hot and cold crab legs didnt taste as good as i'd expect.. it had too much water inside and too salty.. the oyster and oyster shooter was also yummy and something u must get if u like oyster.. and they have some shrimp tomato cup too, which i didnt really like... . - dessert - one of the dessert buffets ive tried in vegas.. the quality, variety, and taste was just as good as it gets. their gelato and mochi ice cream was refreshing and has unique flavors. the cakes and tiramisu was delish.. the panna cotta and cake pop was also yummy.. but my favorite of the night was their creme brule.. love both the chocolate and vanilla one.. the crispiness of the sugar on top with all those egg and milky stuffs underneath.. im drooling again as im writing this..!! they also have the suger free creme brule if u want to cut some calories down!!. . pretty good service.. out server kept refilling our drinks and kept on coming back to take the dirty plates away... even though i dont think i ate $50 worth of food, i still think it was a good experience and might come back for their brunch
Went the week before Christmas.  The line was pretty short.. . One of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  Very pricey.. . My favorite items; Beef Brisket, Shrimp, Lobster Corn Chowder, and the whole dessert station.
First thing we hit up when we got to Vegas. It's definitely a good buffet place with lots of variety when it comes to different cultural foods. Asian, American, Mexican, Indian... they have something from each culture which is pretty nice. . My husband liked all the meat of course. And I loved the desserts. The thing you gotta remember is that when you go to buffets, just don't expect the best tasting/quality of food you've ever tasted. Expect decent and then if they surpass that, even better!. Try their peach iced tea by the way... its' refreshing!. Ok, onto the foods... they have small servings of each dish which is good so you get to taste the variety of stuff they have. Don't go for the sushi as it's definitely not up to par with good sushi. But everything else is pretty good. The meat that they slice up for you is pretty good.. wait til they get to the middle part of the meat though, as it does tend to be dry near the end. They do have roasted duck in the asian section but it goes fast, so try to get it it as soon as it comes out.. Overall, pretty great buffet. Expensive... but what isn't in Vegas? =P
I have read about all of the hype in USA today and here and since I am a big fan of doing things BIG, I thought I would give this a try on my last trip to Vegas. I arrived about 4:50 on Friday two weeks ago and surpisingly no wait ( 3 people a head of me ). This was a plus as my girlfriend and her friend were out shopping.  No need to rehash all that has been said here many times so I will just give my highlights. . . Staff- reason for deduction of star. My girlfriends friend was yelled at by one of the oyster shuckers for " placing a tong from the crab plate to the oyster plate"-which actually did not happen by her. But the worker thought it was necessary to be an ass and prove his manlihood I guess. Friend was not going to argue but it did sour a few minutes of our meal.  . . Food- Anyone that complains about the food is either sick or they dont know good food. It is a buffet, there maybe a wait,therfore some food maybe warm like the pizza- get over it. The Tomahawk Steak is freaking amazing and worth the $50 alone. David hooked me up on my 4 visits and him and his carving partner ( another D name but I forgo, Darnell maybe ? ).  They are both super nice and should get kudos. '. . My girlfriend and her friend said the oysters were amazing which is probably why they did 3 trips each.  . . Desserts: 5 stars here. Crepes are awesome, gelato is insane-aztec chocolate and watermelon mint are the best.. . I will be back when in town again as the quality of food and the amount of different dishes is well worth the half C note.  . . Tip: Go before 5, even if just one person, you still may waite 10-15 minutes to b seated due to the diamond and forward pass members but you can get seated and wait for your friends- when we left at 7, line was around the ropes and when I checked at 5:30- same thing.
Very good buffet. . Pros: dim sum and Kobe burgers. Cons: limited selection and price (Paid holiday pricing $50). Last straw...creme brulee just wasn't what I expected from a place that supposedly is the best buffet. I will definitely go again. Oh and the sweet potatoes fries were really good too.
bacchanal - An occasion of wild and drunken revelry; A drunken reveler.. "I'm home!". . "Okole maluna!" (Bottoms up!) - Knob Creek, neat.. Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#pyhEUlM7lQdeh9a9ilRtVg. . Welcome!. Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#Vzqy9B0oQVr2jaOEAQ3TrA. . My cousin, SE & I ran into my Uncle and Aunt who had just flown into Vegas the night before for their December birthday getaway. So, in celebration we took them to Bacchanal! (Holiday Pricing: $50/Person) "Adult Beverages" not included.. . Definitely come for the seafood & steak! ('And in that order!). If you're going to fill up, go where the $$$'s at!. . However.... Maybe it was an off night for the Asian Station but all I can say is:. "Shame on Bachanal!" (And too bad... Everything up front, the Seafood & Steak Stations were spot on! Amazing!.. Then there was the Asian Station, tucked away in the back room, like the adopted sibling from Saigon. *sigh - Too bad.). 'From what people were saying, I was really looking forward to a stellar evening of incredible food to this new addition @ Caesar's Palace... Sadly, no. . . Overall, the Asian Station "m'eh." If I wanted $9.95, strip mall, Asian Buffet, I would've stayed in Orange County. Dim Sum was more like "Slim" Sum, very limited options. The Pork Buns(Cha siu bao), were dry & "crumbly." In an attempt to pick one up, it broke off into pieces... "Really?!" . Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#XBVHpEvbdb62ZUecx3T0Aw. . The sushi was equally disappointing. It too was sitting out for a while, dried out & falling apart. However, the Hawaiian Poke was surprisingly, very good... 'Especially after the other samplings I just tried.. Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#OtZt6wOGQRNedMheSSYenw. . Bacchanal would've been better off closing down that station for the night then have it presented the way it was. If there was an Executive Chef walking the floor, somebody was neglecting the QC.. Fellow yelp*er, Tania M., (12/21/12), mentioned: "Sushi bar will slice up yellowtail and salmon sashimi upon request and it is a great cut of sushi." (I will have to try that route the next time I visit.). . Seafood Station - 5 Stars. Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#Y0SOV29o5xeM7ixEEBlTgQ. Carved Meat Station - 5 Stars. Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#ojm3RGe2coKXp28CrpPbhA. Mexican Station - n/a (Did not try.). Italian Station - n/a (Did not try.). Asian Station - 2 Stars (HUGE disappointment...). Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#VysYHUZF1auFGYcFjJbhkQ. Dessert Station - 5 Stars. Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#YZ_zjmEB4ysQls6stMsKlw. . Unlike many other places, this place is SPACIOUS, seating is not "butt to gut," table to table but about a good 4' between parties. The glass & mirrors help open up the space & give it an airy feel. . . Our waiter, Alvaro was great, informative & helpful.. Inside Tip: At just about every station, you can request to have what you want "cooked to order." Medium-rare lamb chops right off the grill? You betch'ya! Prime rib, right off the grill? Sure! Snow Crab Legs piping hot from the pot?! No problem!! (Now, some of the servers @ the stations may resist & recommend whatever is sitting out at their station like "Fernando" did @ the Carved Meat Station... "Bad 'Nando! Do you need to go go back to training?! Don't let me get out the child-safe knives!" 8). I had requested med-rare, "off the grill" lamb chops, do not be easily swayed if you have a personal request. (My inside source told me that this is all part of their training - if you would like a particular cut, cooked a particular way, no problem. 'And I must say, the medium-rare lamb chop was excellent. (PS - Let the meat rest for about 10 min. before enjoying.). . Great company, overall very good food & amazing ambiance!. . Food: 4 (With the exception of the Asian Station). Service: 4. Ambiance: 5. Value: 4
Bacchanal bacchanal...another new buffet in vegas, another chance to load up on tons of food and then waddle around vegas afterwards in overstuffed food happiness. Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace definitely did not disappoint! It definitely lived up to its status as the newest best buffet of Vegas!. . WHAT I LOVED. Clear viewing. The decor I thought was fantastic here. The tables and seating were the usual cushiness and niceties, but what really caught my eyes were the way they laid out the food. All the cooking areas were very easy to see through the clear glass and the setup of all the hot food was in a slightly diagonal pattern. I especially loved how they set up the dessert area with the glass jars filled with candy for the taking. . . Saving a few bucks. Join their rewards program and get a few dollars off the buffet price! Yeahh!!! It's a pricy buffet so every little bit counts. And the program really isn't that hard to join, they even ask you if you want to join it while you're waiting in line.. . Carving Area. Ooof...all the meat that I got from here was pretty deliciouuusss! The lamb chops were great and the brisket was pretty amazing. I can't even remember all the other ones!!! They had a pretty wide selection and the man carving it was so nice too. . . Seafood Area. I kept coming back here again and again to grab small pots of seafood. Mussels, crabs, cocktail shrimp, seafood gazpacho etc etc. The best part about the buffet though is the fact that they actually heat up your crab legs for you!!!!! Yummy!!! It makes the line long and slow somewhat but its so worth it! The raw oysters they had were also pretty good quality too!. . Charcuterie Area. Wide selection of cured meats, cheeses and breads. I loveee charcuterie so this was one station I kept coming back to get some nibbles.. . Other Food Highlights. Basically everything I ate here was pretty good with the exception of a few deep fried items which I know I shouldn't get, but I did...and of course it wasn't as good as freshly ordered. There was a very memorable ginseng chicken soup that was actually made really quite well. Loads of ginseng. They had a little tamales too here which I sadly didn't get since I didn't want to get too full. . . Dessert Area. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#pUIgp1LNS1wUvT4stnUOJQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#0VdPUD5Tjcfjfig0fNreLA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#L09YvAvnRLKfSMTeVQR5RA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#T3fkmfkCMzMRv92nDNBtFA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#n8aLPiFfXbADLA54NXfcdA. The desserts here were absolutely amazing!!!!! I honestly think this was the best dessert I've ever had at any buffet! Everything I tried was so good with the exception of these little waffle cones on sticks which were stale. They had chocolate chip cookies that they baked in little dishes...that you then could plop any type of gelato on top! Yummmyyy! A lovely assortment of gelato including normal flavors and ones that were unusual. Cheesecake on a stick, little tarts and pies, nostalgic candy you could grab from out of the huge glass jars, crepe station...I definitely saved a lot of my stomach for the desserts and I was so happy I did!. . NOT SO LOVING. Sushi Area. Didn't look so great at all and was pretty pityful...I waited until someone else in my group had tried it...meh not so good. . . Lack of vegetables. If you're a vegetarian...it would suck for you since I barely saw any veggies here! And if you're the strict type who doesn't even eat seafood...well good luck finding stuff to eat! I only saw one or two dishes devoted to veggies and that's it!. . Crazy hot burn your hand clay pots. The ginseng chicken soup came in these little clay pots with a sign next to it that warned you that the pots were hot. Nice to have a sign, but it was so hot that I couldn't touch it with my bare hands. I had to go grab some napkins to get it, some pot holders please?. . Asian Area. Sadly lacking...other than the ginseng chicken soup. Food didn't look appetizing at all. . . Obviously there really weren't that many bad things about Bacchanal. If only they beefed up the Asian areas then it would be perfect. I hope they keep it up!
I tried about 95% of all the food offered here and since there is limited typing space, I will just name a few dishes that stood out and a few that weren't the greatest.. . GOOD. . Lobster Corn Chowder - Wow... full of flavor without being too heavy.  The fresh chunks of corn really add a surprising bite and sweetness.. . Muscles - Fresh, not over done and great with a squeeze of fresh lemon.. . Roasted Duck - FULL of flavor.  Fatty and duck-y... just how it should be.  Goes great with rice, but rice fills you up quick. . Japanese Seaweed Salad - Full of sesame flavor.  Texturally this salad is just simply fun to eat.. . Crab Legs - Not too salty, which i adore.  Don't forget the clarified butter!! It's great because these legs already come split lengthwise making it much easier to eat.. . Assortment of cured meats, cheese, and dried fruit.. . Pecan Tart - Buttery and rich.  Crumbly and butter crust.  One of my favorites. . Tiramisu - It's almost hard not to f***k this dessert up.  Love the espresso flavor.. . NOT SO GOOD. . Brisket - Over-smoked in my opinion.  I personally like a light smoke ring around my brisket, but this was just SATURATED in smoke.. . Prime Rib - DON'T FORGET TO ASK THEM TO POUR SOME AU JUS OVER YOUR CUT.  The meat itself is tasteless without it.. . BBQ Ribs - Again, heavy on the smoke flavor.  Would've been great if it wasn't for such a heavy smoke ring.. . Chinese Selection - Ok, I'm just saying this because I'm not a fan of Chinese food (I'm asian if you're wondering).  I tried every Chinese dish they offered, but every dish tasted similar to each other.  I mean, the Chinese dishes were pretty straight forward in flavor.. . Italian Selection - Stray away from this section because it is extremely HEAVY with CARBS.. . Sushi - No matter what buffet I go to the raw sushi is never that good.  The rice was saturated in rice wine vinegar and the fish wasn't of the greatest quality.. . OVERALL:  I could go on and one but these are just the few that stick out.  If you're looking for a buffet that has a HUGE selection of food, look elsewhere such as the Rio or the M Buffet.  . . Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
We had a special New Year's Eve buffet at the Bacchanal Buffet inside Ceasar's Palace.  The price ($70) was the most expensive buffet in Vegas, but did include a special offering of Lobster and champagne to ring in the new year.  . . The place was absolutely packed as expected on New Year's Eve but as time went by things slowed down and the food lines dropped off.  The lobster was split in half and you could only get one lobster per trip, but return for another each time you got back in line.  The lobster was on the smaller side, but very tasty.  The lamb shank was a bit tough.  They had diver scallops set atop risotto and was always hot, tender and delicious.. . Their sushi offerings were very subpar and a big disappointment.  I am a big sushi and sashimi fan and the quality was very poor.  Stringy fish and  not fresh.  The sushi maker behind the counter was slower than molasses as I waited for him to put some fresh fish out.  After I tasted it I just tossed it aside and concentrated on other dishes.  They had plenty of prime rib and rib eye that was outstanding.  They also had Kobe sliders that were flavorful, but cold.  Best to ask for a fresh, hot slider made to order rather than grabbing one for the heat lamp.. . The  waited that took care of us was outstanding and the bus help was excellent as well, considering how busy this place was.  . . The macaroons were so amazing and flavorful.  My favorites were the blueberry and the chocolate.  Very fresh andtasty.  The gelato and ice cream was very creamy and delicious.  Many different flavors that you won't find in other buffets.  They even had chocolate creme brulee.  Outstanding!!!. . I would definitely return to this place again and catch up on many of the items I missed the first time.
I had high hopes for this place. I mean, really, a place named "Bacchanal"? I expected an amazing (I wanted to use a different word but you know, let's keep it clean, kids) eating experience and that's exactly what I got. But as with all first times, things can be learned. . . If you go for brunch, try to go a little bit later. My friends and I got there around 10 am on a Saturday hoping to beat the line (that wasn't there, btws) and although I think we were able to get a good idea of what Bacchanal had to offer, we missed out on the following: the Italian food and more importantly, the SOUFFLES. They aren't available until 3 pm on weekends. Had we known, different decisions would've been made.. . Favorites: sweet potato tater tots, anything that had a quail egg on it (oh. so. good), the CRAB (don't forget the clarified butter!), and the gelato -- which we were able to get on the way out and enjoy whilst we walked around the casino! . . Oh yeah, did I mention the unlimited mimosas? I think I really only had 3-4 glasses but eh, who am I to turn down free booze? And you know, it's Vegas. A meal without booze is basically sinful. . . I think this is probably my favorite Vegas buffet thus far. The varied offerings and the more hits-than-misses (in fact, I'm trying pretty hard right now to think of any glaring misses and I'm coming up empty) make it a great bang for your buck!
Ate lunch at new buffet called Bacchanal at Caesars Palace. It was a big upgrade from what it was before. Therefore, it's worth a try to see why the wait at the lines were extremely long. (A worker said the usual wait time was 1 hour for lunch and 3 hours for dinner). . A lot of the food that I sample were comparable to many other buffets on the strip; you pick up a big dish and get a nice cut of meat and serve yourself a bunch of sides.  I recommend trying the cucumber juice and fresh squeeze orange juice in the bottle if you can find some.  Both drinks are refreshing especially after almost trying everything. . . One thing I particularly liked was in the Asian food section. Normally I do not go for soups but I did noticed something interesting which was the black skin chicken soup. One sip and I was like "mmmm...chicken soup" and then I finished it. Even ate whatever meat that was in there especially the skin.
I rate this as one of my top 5 buffets here in Las Vegas! I was truly amazed on the presentation of the buffet. The this was an international gourmet buffet that pretty much completed all the common international foods such as Asian, Mexican, American, and Italian.. . I must warn you you will wait for about 2 hours in the regular line and i believe lunch during the time I went it was $50 a person.. . Luckily my high roller friend was a seven star player we didn't have to wait that long in line and we got seated right away.. . If your looking for a quiet ambiance, forget it! you will be stressed out with all the loud noise and all the Asians from outta this country pushing and shoving.. ( I am guilty as well and played the i'm a foreign Asian card).. . The food selection was endless with over hundreds of items to choose from. You can even get fresh juice in those milk magnolia bottles which impressed me but i guess im dorky like that!. . One of my favorites was the roasted pig they had. I do not know any buffets in town that has roasted pig.. . I also enjoyed the presentation of the french fries and their kobe burgers. I love how this buffet is smart with portion control with their buffets but still we have a bunch of people pushing and shoving like a gang of hungry wolf packs!. . Overall i enjoyed eating at Bacchanal. Love the artistic decorations and the food presentation the most. I would highly recommend checking it off your bucket list.
Being the new hot buffet in town creates some congestion. We went during the holidays but really Vegas is a holiday everyday. Line wait was just over an hour at dinner time . We could have ponied up the the extra 20 for line passes but glad we didn't. Noticed a couple that did and they still waited 20 plus minutes. OK, on to the food. I will start with seafood area. The crab legs are meh, cold or hot, yet they are cut in half and smaller than what I'm used to. I always like cracking mine open and releasing the juices. Oysters were fresh. Meat station was the highlight of the trip. I know meat is hit or miss with so many factors. The beef brisket was incredible. Rib eye not so much. Macaroni boo ya. Ribs were decent with a dry rub. Sausage ok. Sushi major disappointment. Peking duck well done. I did not look the way of the greens or veggies, sorry doc. I did take a gander at the desserts and lets just say mmmmm. Hot fresh made crepe with berries and whipped cream. Yes and Thank you!  I recommend going the first year it's open after that I predict a falling off of quality. Enjoy Yaw!
One champagne brunch coming up! ($45 w/bottomless champagne). We heard a lot of hype about this buffet and it did not disappoint and there wasn't a wait when we arrived, even better!  It was aesthetically lovely and the atmosphere was very nice and I loved the background music. The food was good, not great. Bottom line, it's always going to be mass produced buffet food...but I could tell that the Bacchanal took great pride in being unique and ensuring the quality of their food. They took the extra step to be different, but offering you a scoop of vanilla sea salt ice-cream on a warm chocolate chip cookie at the dessert station or offering you regular tater tots and sweet potato tots. lol. . They offer alot of "bite sized" options in their own mini fryers or on mini plates....which allows you a taste without over indulging. I would recommend this buffet to anyone coming to Vegas. . . The Champagne was GOOD haha, you could tell it wasn't cheap! Our waitress was a doll..she was very attentive.
I must come out and say, this is probably the best buffet in Vegas right now. It is by far better than the others in terms of variety of food, freshness and taste!. . Service is excellent, dirty plates are cleared right away and your cup/glass will never be empty. And, the place is very clean.. . Don't skip the dessert, I would come here just to eat endless made to order crepes!
I have eaten twice for lunch since it open and has become my favorite buffet here in Vegas. Even at lunch, there is a huge selection with several live food stations. Need to come back here to check out their dinner. The only downside of this place is when it is busy. For me i hate crowds, probably why I have avoided coming here for dinner. Even at lunch there are lines to to get food.. . Their meat station is heavenly. Prime rib, slab bacon, smoked sausages, ribs, lamp chops, and the list goes on. If your up for it, get the Tomahawk Ribeye Steak. Large piece of Ribeye with the whole rib still attached.. . Favorite section here is the Chinese food. Pretty decent Chinese selection for a buffet. Try their Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling). Did not expect it to be as good as it was. The skin was not too thick or dry, especially sitting on a buffet line. The Ginseng soup was on point, though i don't think it was made with black chicken.. . Service was excellent. Our plates were cleared immediately after we were finish. The waiter/waitress came by frequently to check on us.
What a buffet! I've come here for both lunch and dinner after the revamping.. . I'd say overall, dinner is probably more worth it than the lunch. With dinner you get the seafood, like oysters, oyster shooters, and ceviche. The lunch instead comes with melon juices and melons.. . Good: Oysters and oyster shooters! So good and there are always tons of oysters. My only complaint is that one time, a waiter basically stole an entire full plate of untouched oysters from our table while I had my head turned. Also, there really should be small sauce cups or something for hot sauce to top the oysters.. . Meats are also very good! The prime rib and brisket are pretty awesome. The bacon was decent.. . Desserts are very good. There is gelato (flavors are hit and miss but mostly hit), a crepe station, and various small cakes/pies/candy.. . Pineapple juice and free mimosas!. . Hot crab legs are also amazing. They should put the butter closer though.. . Asian duck is really good.. . At some point I lost all dignity and was pigging out only with my hands.. . Bad:. Watermelon juice was meh. Grapefruit juice was terrible.. . The Asian besides the duck overall wasn't too impressive. The sushi is not very good as well.. . Cold crab legs are terrible. Crab legs that were only partially heated up aren't very good either.
Ok, so came in to Bacchanal with very high hopes which could be the cause of my overall opinion of it being ok to pretty good. Before I begin though, I did go here on a Thursday and while waiting in line, we were looking at some Yelp pictures to see king crab legs, which we did not find inside the actual buffet (bummer!). SO, with that being said... friends overhyping this place up along with seeing king crab legs with none being served inside... you can see where I'm coming from.. . The rest of the food though, not bad at all, it is good for sure. My personal favorite was the Wagu beef sliders (I'm a sucker for burgers though). The lasagna is also very good. I also enjoyed the cream of mushroom soup. The oysters are also a winner in my eyes. The regular crab legs taste just like any other buffet. The dessert is ok... one of the cooks played it up to be really good, but it wasn't all that great, though this might be due to the fact that I was full by then. The tacos are pretty good though... they make it there on the spot like a taco truck, which is pretty cool... . . a quick tip that I saw my friend did and thought it was genius... get a big plate of chips and have the taco guy place carne asada, cheese, sour cream, and guacamole over it... BAM, carne asada nachos! . . Some of the dishes are placed in big containers, plates, bowls... and you can only fit one or 2 at the most on your plate... I understand that it looks better but just a bit inconvenient that you can't put too many on your plate at once. Just a minor complaint. . . Overall experience is pretty good, though it's not the best buffet in Vegas in my eyes, it's definitely good. I don't think the quality of the buffet justifies the $50 price point, but it is worth a try if you're in Vegas, plus it's the new "must go-to" buffet.
The wait was only 30 mins!!! woohoo! Tried this new beautifully decorated buffet after a long day and boy was it worth it! It was about $100 (with tip) for two people. It is a huge place with every food type you can imagine. I especially enjoyed the seafood section with the huge king crab legs, oysters, giant shrimps, and loved the lobster chowder! The carving stations was also great with a selection of ribeye, lamb chops,  and prime rib .You can tell they take care to ensure that each item is of quality. Now onto my favorite part, dessert! In my opinion, the desserts at wicked spoon at the cosmo were better, but don't get me wrong I still thought the ones here were good. Loved their creme brulee and macarons. I would definitely come back to try a lot of the items that i couldn't fit in my belly this first time!  I probably wouldn't wait more than an hour but if I was here and the wait was reasonable Id stick around :)
Not sure if this place is worth the 3 hour wait.  The lines will probably die down once the buffet isn't as new any more.  But once you get in, you'll be overwhelmed by the amount of food options to choose from.  It's like the Buffet @ Wynn or Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo but 2-3x larger.  There's Asian, Mexican, Meats (American?),  and Seafood sections to cater to everyone's needs.  In addition, there's freshly squeezed oj, cucumber, and tropical (mango, pineapple) juice near the seafood section which is near the front.
so we decided to give the latest and greatest buffet on the LV strip a try.  After glamouring recommendations from friends about this joint, we stopped by.. . at close to $50 per person, we decided to "upgrade" to the fatty pass (24 hour buffet pass) for ~63 per person.  That way our money is evenly distributed upon the gluttony that was about to ensue over the next 24 hours.  We timed our visit precisely at 9PM, so we can enjoy a second dinner the following night, like a true fatty would.. . enough about the caveats and more about the buffet.  if you eat with your eyes first, like me, then your mouth was watering just walking by the buffet to the table.  the decor was eccentrically classy.  the layout was great, the food looked A-MAZE-ZING (hard Z on the third syllable).  kobe beef sliders were yummy.  shrimp cocktail were HUGE, you could sink your teeth into it!. . I will definitely be back to this buffet with obesity on my mind and a vengeance on my appetite.
Price was actually 59$ per person when i was there around christmas time. but i thought it was worth it, only worse part of the meal was the mexican food. I also killed the desserts!
This is absolutely the best buffet in Vegas right now. If you're a buffet person, i.e., can actually eat your money's worth, you can't miss this while you in Vegas. Yes, it's pricey. I came on Dec. 29 and paid around $51 and change for dinner. I think it had to do with holiday season too, but I also don't have the rewards card at Caesar's so there are ways to cut it down a couple dollars.. . Foodwise, my favorite stations were Asian and Dessert. I'm surprised Asian was so good because usually at buffets the Asian station is the least cared for. They had good qaulity dim sum, and they even had this ginger chicken soup that tasted exactly like my mom makes it. It was pretty damn good. The sushi was OK, and when they DID refill the sashimi plate, it was really fresh. They even had legit porridge with all the scrumptious sides. . . The snow crabs and cocktail shrimp were average, you can't really saying special about them unless they were ridiculously fresh and plump, which they weren't. The meat station had the most choices I've ever seen in any buffet. Pork ribs, beef ribs, lamb legs, brisket, prime rib, chicken, sausage, and they even had this giant bone-in meat that I can't even say for sure what it was. The bone was literally the length of my arm, and my friend said got it said it's supposed to be beef, but no one could say for sure. I attached the picture comparing the size of it to my friend's head. Needless to say we couldn't finish it, but they did help me wrap it up for my dog. . . I would say I spent over half my time at the dessert bar. It was one of the best dessert stations I've seen in any buffet. The crepe station was to die for, and I tried every single ice cream/sorbet. One reason their ice cream station stands out to me is that their flavors are not ordinary and plain. There were baklava, strawberry basalmic, mint watermelon, sticky toffee, blood orange, etc. The flavors were not too drastically extreme where you couldn't understand it. The sorbets were refreshing and not too icey while the ice creams were creamy and rich. Everything at the dessert bar was made very well, and it was definitely the highlight for me. I didn't have room for this, but my friend said even their tacos were amazing. Overall, I didn't eat my money's worth, but the quality is definitely pretty high for a buffet. I'd say it's still worth it once in a while.
I love the desserts..and their seafood. I'm usually not a seafood fan, but this is pretty good! Especially the crepes~
Being a resident in Las Vegas for the past 12 years, I have been to almost every buffet on  and off the strip. The Bacchanal buffet is up there with my favorites - right alongside the buffet at Bellagio. I went on a Thanksgiving so it was extremely pricey. The first station I hit up was the Asian food station. The chow mein was pretty incredible and so was their mini bowl of Vietnamese beef pho. I worked my way to the Mexican station and enjoyed their green chili enchiladas. The bbq station was pretty standard since I think a bbq tastes the same, however, the hot sausage links were so amazing, I went back for a second helping of it. Now for my favorite: Dessert. I made sure to save room because the dessert station was heavily covered with every type of tasty delight you could imagine. I tried the pumpkin pie, the pecan pie, the key lime custard, chocolate mousse, raspberry parfait, and the gelato. Let me tell you about the gelato. Guava was delicious, honey was very unique, and the balsamic gelato (after acquiring some taste for it) is rather addictive. It is one of the few buffets on the strip that is worth every penny. Just make sure you get in line during an off-peak hour or you will be in line for forever and go on an empty stomach.
Caesar's Palace is always keeping it fresh! This is the newest buffet and probably my favorite on the strip. Here are some highlights:. . - Lines are insanely long! Some of our friends got there at 5pm and didn't get in till 8pm. It's a good opportunity to level up on your angry bird game or have a long and deep convo.  . . - Warm crab legs!! Better than most buffets, and there's a line for the crab legs too.. . - Ginseng with chicken soup?!! Wow, definitely appeals to the Asian crowd.. . - Lamb chops were my fave. Tender and succulent.. . - I like how they serve their food in big pots and pans instead of the traditional square pan in the water warmer. Good display of food.. . - One of the most expensive buffet. Weekend holiday buffet (in December) was $50 per person.. . --------. Overall, it's a great experience and definitely something worth trying. It's one of those been-there, done-that, ate-it one-time experience. The Studio B Buffet at the M Resort 20 minutes outside the strip is still my ultimate fave.
It's a welcome change for Caesars to introduce a new buffet for us. The old buffet was very forgettable and small. I tried it once and never went back again. So this new buffet has plenty of hype and a long ass wait on a holiday weekend. . . We waited for over 2 hours. It went from a late lunch to dinner once we got seated. I'm sure it's not too bad on a regular weekend but this was unbearable.. . The layout is very sleek and modern with plenty of glass and silver accents. The size of the place is also pretty spacious with plenty of walking room.. . I'll go over some of the highlights of the food stations as best as I can remember:. . Asian. -They had a pho/ramen station. The pho was above average for a buffet.. -Typical Chinese stir fries, BBQ meats, sushi, and dim sum selections. . Salad. -Very simple salad station with limited choices. -I like the idea of salad dressing in plastic bottles, much easier to use. -Pre-made salads were good (Try the Watermelon and Feta Cheese). . Latin. -Street tacos made fresh on one of those rotating platters. -Good salsa bar. -Pozole (I didn't get to try but it looked good). -Tamales. . Italian. -Various kinds of Pasta and Pizza (I didn't get to try this station). . American/Meats. -Prime rib and Rib Eye Lollipops which were delicious! The beef was tender and flavorful. -Sweet potato fries and tots (Good but salty). -Sliders (They were dry). . Seafood. -Very long line. -Cold and Hot crab legs (Cut in half so it's easy to eat). -Raw oysters. -Stone Crab Claws. -Seafood Gazpacho. . Dessert. -Crepes made on the spot. -Exotic flavors of gelato (Chili Mango for example). . There were a few more stations which I don't remember...I recall a cheese and bread one.. . Service is very prompt and your empty plate is usually gone when you get back after a round. The food overall is above average. Some of the items were excellent, some were subpar. But more good than bad.. . Would I come back here again? Only if there's no wait. There are a few other buffets I place above Bacchanal at this moment. But that can change if they improve a few minor quirks.
I had heard a lot of good things about Bacchanal, so my expectations were pretty high. We went on a Friday night around 7 and had to wait about an hour and a half to get a table. The line moved rather quickly, especially as I had good company with me. . . There are a bunch of different stations (Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, Meats, Seafood, and Dessert), but I only got from the Japanese, Italian, Meats, and Dessert, mostly because I figured that if I'm trying to make a $51 worth it, I shouldn't have Chinese or Mexican since I can get them for a lot cheaper elsewhere. . . Japanese: Average. The fish wasn't super fresh, and the quality wasn't very high, but it was tasty nonetheless. They had several different kinds of rolls and some poke.. . Italian: Since I only had the bread and meatballs from this section, I can't say very much about the station as a whole, but the bread was delicious (there was a focaccia with bacon bits on top that was absolutely exemplary).. . Meats: Lots of choices here. There was brisket, racks of lamb, prime rib, short rib, sausages, and other things. The lamb was overdone, and the short rib was extremely tough. However, the prime rib, sausage, and brisket were excellent. The only downsides to getting the food were the unfriendly meat carvers and the long line.. . Dessert: LOVE. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. If I could have, I would have feasted solely on the desserts. There's a bunch of different flavors of gelato, lots of cake, and chocolate dipped items like cheesecake, strawberries, etc. Everything from here was good, and it truly is a desserts lover's paradise.. . Overall, I definitely recommend Bacchanal. Food was good for a buffet, service was very friendly, and atmosphere was nice.
I'll admit that I built up huge anticipation for Bacchanal after reading all the early rave reviews and seeing all the pics from bloggers and yelpers.  I finally got to try it first hand with my recent trip to Vegas.  And I didn't waste any time as it was the first spot I went to after I got off the plane.. . Because I wanted to maximize my time and money into trying most of their "500 menu items,"  I invested in a 24 hour Buffet of Buffets pass.  But since Bacchanal is considered to be one of the higher end buffets in the BoB group, you have to pay an upgrade fee of $15 per visit.  You can read about my misunderstanding of that fee from my Buffet of Buffets review here (http://bit.ly/VherAz).  . . I visited Bacchanal twice for breakfast and dinner so I paid $15 for both visits in addition to the BoB pass.  Still a deal compared to paying $19.99 for Breakfast and $31.99 for Dinner.. . Here are some things that I picked up for breakfast:. . Mini Croque Madame, Shrimp & Grits, Bacchanal Benedict. http://bit.ly/11NCfOc. My first round.  Everything you see here was good!. . Skirt Steak and Egg. http://bit.ly/UgKPjS. This was good!  But by this time I've already had enough eggs.. . Mini Monte Cristo. http://bit.ly/141GjsL. Very rich considering it's size.. . Shanghai Dumplings, Smoked Salmon, and Breakfast Pizza. . http://bit.ly/UOmpgG. I really couldn't get enough of those Shanghai Dumplings.  Pass on the pizza, it was meh.. . Chicken Fried Steak. http://bit.ly/UOm6CI. This was yummy!!!  . . Red Velvet Pancake. http://bit.ly/V3tQip. Perfect serving size so you wouldn't feel so bloated after.  The pancake was very moist and was spot on with the red velvet. . Sugar Free Creme Brulee, Fruit, Cheesecake Lolipop, and regular Creme Brulee. http://bit.ly/Xv8VoK. . In addition, though i didn't get a pic of them where their wide selection of freshly squeezed juices.  My faves were the carrot and melon juices.. . Here are a few things I picked up for dinner:. . Shanghai Dumplings, Kobe Sliders, Kalbi Ribs. http://bit.ly/TedAjm. More dumplings.  The Kobe Sliders were good but a little dry.  And the Kalbi Ribs were awesome!. . Al Pastor Tacos. http://bit.ly/UOlJI9. These came from their taco station.  It was like going to your favorite taco truck except you can order as many tacos as you wanted!. . Ribeye Steak and Raw Oysters. http://bit.ly/10CehFj. Best finale entree for my time at Bacchanal.  Meat and oysters!!!. . Macarons, Mochi, Panna Cotta, and I can't remember but it was good.  LOL. http://bit.ly/Wcxp9x. Best set of desserts to finish off my meal.  Mochi!!!  Seriously!!!. . Despite the good selection of food that i picked up, I was a little disappointed because since I dined there on a Wednesday, they held back on a lot of their best stuff for the weekend, which is probably the best time to go if you wanted to try the majority of their "500 food items.". . Final verdict:  It's a really good buffet.  Probably one of the better ones on the Strip.  It's on par with the Buffet at the Wynn, not sure if it's better though.  In comparison to Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, while WS has an awesome Dessert selection, I'd say the edge goes to Bacchanal because they have so much more to offer even during midweek.  Because I'm not a buffet person, I'm not sure when I'd come back, but depending on the situation, if I'm nearby and in the mood for buffet, I would definitely consider dropping by.
An amazing selection of gourmet foods. I loved the lobster corn bisque and shrimp and cheesy grits, the selection of sushi and dim sum goes beyond the California rolls and bbq pork and the gelato is fantastic. Try the Aztec Chocolate. . I've been twice now and the staff is very friendly. The quality of the food should get it five stars but the food that is meant to be hot, like the burgers or chicken, never is.
Not my best buffet experience in Vegas, but I don't regret trying it. My favorite part was the fresh, hot king crab legs.  Some cheaper buffets only have snow crab.  It's just not the same!  They had mochi for dessert, but only the flavors carried at trader joes.  The shrimp were gigantic.  I haven't tried Rio, but this is the best seafood buffet I've tried. Oh, and I got a huge slab of prime rib.  That chef knows what's up.
This buffet is amazing. I'm pretty big on Vegas buffets and because it's vegas, I really do only expect the best of the best. This buffet really does that, and I'm saying that based off of every buffet I've eaten in Vegas (Wicked Spoon, Wynn, Bellagio, etc) It has everything you could imagine from seafood to gourmet meat to asian food to pasta. Honestly, I feel like it's a little mixed inbetween of the Wynn buffet and Wicked Spoon. Their fusion stuff are actually not that bad and their seafood was worth the wait in line. . The only problem I had with the buffet was that the meats I tried (prime rib and steak) were both kind of on the dry side. Also, I get that I was there on a 3-day weekend, but I still ate on a Sunday and had to pay $50.. not to mention that our waiter especially took a really really long time to clear our plates and fill our water. She actually didn't do any of it unless we flagged her down and asked her to and our table was only so big so it got kind of annoying trying to eat with piled up plates all around me.
I would have to say that this place is pretty legit.  The only downside is the price.  We went when our friend who works for Harris Corp. got family comps and decided to take my wife and I.  I have to say compared to the others in town it's pretty good.  Any of you have been to Wicked Spoon its better then that by the amount of variety that is offered.  The asian section is probably the best i've been to throughout vegas.  The dessert section hands down bomb-diggity.  The only con about this is the price.  I myself wouldn't go unless they're offering a locals discount then maybe I'll troll through.  Good buffet nonetheless!
**You can pay $20 to skip the first line (which is the longest line). . . Going to have to give this place four stars because it was line after line after line. . . & from someone who actually enjoys waiting in long lines, the lines here were a tad much. So there's the initial line to pay. Then another line to be seated. Then a million other lines to get food. Major buzzkill. Oh, but there are people walking around selling water bottles for $1 as you wait so no need to worry about dying of thirst.. . If the lines weren't in the picture, this buffet is about as good as it gets in terms of selection. & I have tried all the other buffets in Vegas. The seafood and dessert sections in particular are awesome.. . The layout is slightly odd as there is a whole section that you can miss thinking there's nothing there if you aren't seated in the back (as I wasn't) or if you don't wander (which I do). Though this section is mostly salads and what not, so you won't miss too much if you don't see it, but do wander as much as possible around the restaurant.
I tried its lunch buffet on Thursday, 1/31/13 around 11:40AM. The line was not long, the place was about 70% full.. Pro:. 1. A vast selection of foods, their ingredients are quite fresh.. 2. It is one of the best buffet I ever had. I would rather spend a few dollars more here that at Bellagio's buffet.. 3. Its sweet counter with all kinds of ice-cream is really super.. Con:. 1. The quality of preparing the food could be better, considering the freshness of its ingredients. I think some of the meat or fish are on oily or buttery side.. 2. I would like to see more steamed fish or vegetables, lightly salted and less oily to be good for senior citizens and health conscientious people.. 3. I detect a tint of detergent in my ice water glass.. . I went there for experience. I enjoyed it. However, being a senior citizen, I would like to see more steamed fish before I go there for lunch buffet again.
There are certain stops and things one must do in the quintessential Las Vegas experience.  One of these is visiting a Buffet. Grand, new, well-advertised, we ventured into the Bacchanal Buffet. True to its name sake, this was a site to behold. Grandiose decor, hundreds of selections, and a massive seating area, this certainly fits the Las Vegas over the top bill. . . I never thought I'd find myself reviewing a Buffet, but yet, here I sit. Compared to say Aria, and at double the price, I expected a certain higher quality than Aria. I didn't find it. Seafood selections are nearly identical, and while Bacchanal does offer warmed snow crab at particular times, it is still the same snow crab, shrimp, and green lip mussels you find at most buffets. Salads, charcuterie, and pizza also stand out as common to all buffets. Now to the standout, to what makes this stand out as a step up. This, stands in the carving and dessert sections. Fine selections of well-prepared meats, such as prime rib, ham, artisanal sausage stand out from most nicely. The desserts well prepared, and well executed, (except the creme brulee) are quite pleasing, and complemented with an interesting selection of gelato (Blood Orange and Pistachio being my weapons of choice).  . . Having said all that, for the price point, I'd rather visit Aria, or a proper restaurant, but if you're going to do only one Buffet in Las Vegas, and don't mind splurging a bit for the one, go ahead, and give it a whirl.
A buffet of truly epic proportions.  Since it was Chinese New Year weekend, they bumped prices to  $51/pp.  Overall, our party of seven had an excellent meal.  In terms of overall quality-to-value, I think Bacchanal is above Bellagio but slightly below Wicked Spoon.  Note also this restaurant is very large and loud - they play music and the background.. . Lines for the meat section were longer than the line to get in at 5pm.  The meat section has ample selections, with the smoked brisket and lamb chops being the stars.  The lamb was seasoned well and soft and succulent.  Mint jelly was available but the lamb had more than enough flavor.  I enjoyed the lamb so much I didn't even get a chance to try the prime rib or artisinal sausages.. . The other amazing dish was the corn tortilla steak tacos.  It had marinated grilled beef that was perfectly cooked and topped with a green sauce with a good dose of line.  The corn tortillas were warm and soft and definitely freshly made.  Probably one of the best tacos I've had anywhere.. . The wagyu beef sliders were juicy when I picked them, however two of my dining companions found them dry and over seasoned. Guess I was lucky - I had two of these tasty mini burgers without issues.. . Near the back of the restaurant you'll find the asian section along with sushi, followed by a salad bar.  Sushi was fresh and the rice was made perfectly.  Of the Asian dishes, probably the Chinese greens were the best.  They were stir fried with garlic to a point and cooked enough to where it still had crunch.  Strangely there weren't a whole lot of other cooked veggies at this buffet.  I tried some baby carrots and some corn cobs but that's about it.. . Fried items were also good - calamari baskets, spicy fried fish, fried chicken, sweet potato fries and tater tots, etc.  You get a hint of spice as you savor the sweet taste of the sweet potato.  Surprisingly low on greasy but high on crunchy!. . The seafood section was near the front of the restaurant, with fresh oysters, crab legs, etc.  Cooked items included halibut, which was cooked perfectly too.  Despite the cool decorations, I did not see any lobster or Alaska king crab :(. . Lastly, the dessert section was truly massive, probably one-upping Wicked Spoon.  The have gelato, mochi, and crepe sections.  Also, four varieties of the mini dessert cones and other tempting goodies on a stick.  The chocolate-dipped strawberries was something else - probably the biggest, ripest, and reddish strawberries I've ever seen.    . . This buffets selection is so massive you run the risk of getting too full early and missing out on some really unforgettable dishes.  My friend tasted one taco and then wound up getting three more before hitting the dessert section.  It's a bit pricier than other Vegas buffets, but their meat, dessert, and  Mexican, and fried selections are superior.  Everything else is similar to other buffets.
We went for breakfast, and it was a great time. This was a Tuesday so there was no line and the atmosphere was pretty relaxed. Loved the food. Wish I had a bigger stomach. There was such a large variety of foods, from good old fashioned American to Asian. I actually really liked having rice soup (congee) for breakfast. Made my day. I liked being able to have prosciutto and fresh crepes.. One thing I didn't like was that our waitress kept looking at our receipt, which we had left of the table. It was weird and made me uncomfortable.
THE LINE IS HORRIBLE.... 1 pm in the afternoon and I waited 2 hours... . I hate buffets in Vegas for this one reason.. . . Once you get by the frustrations of standing near coughing and sneezing sick tourists, and people standing so close to you it feels like they are talking in your ear then you should be fine. . . The food was really good. The servers were always quick to give you a refill on your drink. I went to every station to try one of everything. The sweet potato tots was my favorite out of everything! Greasy yes, but truly addicting! . . Only thing I didn't like was the lasagna. Bit on a onion and I almost gagged! Hate surprise onions in food lol.  . . The dessert selection was so large! Every dessert you can think of was there! Brownies, CHECK! Ice cream, CHECK! Macaroons CHECK! . . Very good food but I honestly wouldn't go back though if the line was to long.. I am to impatient. I think there is way to much food in Vegas to have to wait 2 hours for it.
Ate here soon after they opened. With two children, waiting over two hours was a pain. However, we soon found that by paying an extra bit of money, we could cut in line- and we did. Service was great, and the food was AMAZING.. . Unlike other buffets, where some dishes are disgusting and simply discarded- we ate everything on our plates! We can't wait to go back!
Presidents Day weekend FAIL on the "come for lunch, stay for dinner" tactic. If we had gotten there 15-20 minutes earlier (1:30-2pm instead of after 2pm), we probably would have just made it. It's just that we waited over 1.5 hours in that ridiculous line, and it seemed to get worse (but great for King Caesar!) from there on out through the rest of the afternoon and evening. It sounds like these lines (for most buffets) are only this bad during peak times and especially over holidays/holiday weekends, so plan accordingly. It's expensive (dinner is $52 and I think I heard lunch is $42 or around there). You can pay an extra $15 for the express line if you don't want towait like the rest of the lemmings. I noticed, for a good 5-10 minutes, it seemed like the cashiers were standing around and not ringing people up (probably a "counter-tactic" to push it to 3pm and try to get the rest of these people in at the dinner price). Even after paying, we still had to wait 15-20 minutes to get a table. In the end, we probably waited close to 2 hours. Fortunately, we had no plans until at 7:30pm for the Beatles LOVE show.... . So once we finally got into the buffet, I went straight to the seafood line and loaded up on king crab (they had snow crab too I think). There were oysters as well, but they kept on disappearing too fast - apparently the ratio of shuckers to consumers was severely lacking. One of the shucker guys dumped four oysters directly onto my plate after I stood there waiting for a few minutes though. The oysters were super fresh! So much so that my wife, not an oyster-eater, thoroughly enjoyed hers. The king crab legs were OK - some that we got weren't completely defrosted in some parts, so I found myself eating small bits of king crab ice at times. That said, Dungeness is still my favorite.... it's too bad they didn't have any of that cause I would have gone buck wild on it. . . Man, I felt like a kid in a candy store... now, the last time we made a quick "pit stop" in Vegas, we checked out Wicked Spoon. I was thoroughly impressed with that. But this is like Wicked Spoon x2, as another reviewer alluded to. It's literally almost twice as big. Amazing.. . So I made it over to the meat station and picked up a nice chunk of brisket and a lamb chop. The lamb chop was pretty bomb. The brisket was okay. My wife got some prime rib, which looked good but by the time I stuffed myself with everything else I didn't get a good look or taste of it. She also got the spicy sausage and boy was it spicy. IMHO, the meat station at Wicked Spoon has the slight edge here. . . Other interesting stuff I picked up: . . Fried chicken & sweet potato fries - I didn't enjoy this as much because I was stuffed from the plates of king crab we destroyed. It was good though, and I thought the fries were pretty awesome (I think they were drizzled or coated in honey!). . Sushi - I only had one piece but it was pretty fresh. . . Shiao long bao - yes, they did have these. And surprisingly they weren't bad - soupy and flavorful as expected.. . Pho and tonkatsu ramen - the broth was slightly lacking but the option to even offer these was pretty impressive.. . I was looking forward to "chunks of honeycomb" that someone spoke of in another review. Disappointingly, I only saw a display of it (not sure if it was a fake display or real too) behind glass. I did get some "honeycomb honey" which was pretty good though.. . As far as dessert, we were pretty impressed but so stuffed full that we could hardly enjoy anything. Creme brulee, flan, mochi, gelato, chocolate covered strawberries...... EXPLODE! We seriously couldn't eat anymore... but then I just had to get a slice of pizza to cap it all off.. . It all became somewhat overwhelming after a while, but I'd say the top things to consider: OYSTERS, crab (of course), lamb chops, spicy sausage, sushi, fried chicken.. . One thing I almost fainted over when I saw it was a large hot table (ala Mongolian BBQ). They were utilizing it to grill in the Mexican section, but I thought to myself "wouldn't it be crazy if they had Mongolian BBQ?" That would take things to another level, IMHO.. . Too much to write about... too much thinking. Still digesting. Until next time, maybe. But only on a non-holiday, off-peak hour, and for lunch going on dinner.
Yumm........I have been to many buffets, and this one is definitely above all.  My wife and I had a disappointed buffet at Wynn,and decided to try out this one to compensate for the bad experience.  In comparison, it's really day and night.  Not only it has more selections, but even the same food tasted much better. As soon as you bite into the food, you can tell it was really made by a good chef indeed.  Most of the buffets would only have few items being great while rest of them are average.  Not in this one.  I would say 90% of the food is way above average.  They even have oyster, tonkushu ramen and mochi which I have never seen available in other buffet place.  Yes, it's expensive (had it been like $40 or so, it would be five stars), but it's really a great tasting experience that you should definitely try while you are in las vegas.
Mm, I'd like to give it 3.5 stars.  . . Bacchanal Buffet is in Ceasar's Palace, beyond the casino and near the desserts cafe. You can't miss it, it's where the HUGE line is.  We must have gotten there by 12pm and didn't get seated for another 1hour and 40 minutes.  line was crazy.  We got there and ordered the bottomless mimosas, which end at 3pm. We paid about $41.99 for Sunday's lunch.  . . There was a good variety of food there. There's asian foods in the back (sushi, peking duck, ramen, udon noodle soup, etc), then cheese and charcuterie, pizza and pasta (the meatballs were really good), then there's your mexican/latino station (it's more like a taco station), BBQ station (some were really dry. I got the ribeye and that was juicy but really fatty), french fries and tator tots (sweet potatoe tots were really good), then lastly, your seafood station. The seafood station had snow crabs, oysters, and shrimp. I wanted to see some more stuff like lobster tails, maybe steamed mussels, but none of those were available.  . . Salad station was limited but I liked the garbanzo salad and the japanese seaweed salad.  . . Dessert station was AWESOME. get the lava chocolate chip cookie, mochi ice creams, and coconut macaroons. So good. We also got a ice cream cone on the way out of the buffet.  I highly recommend it, it was a good experience and worth the wait.
Went there for breakfast with family.  Very similar to Wicked Spoon buffet at Cosmo.  Great selection of food...specially like the back section with the Asian food.  You can order your own noodles, they have dim sum, miso and congee.  Better to get discount somehow using rewards card or something...otherwise get ready to pay about $80 for a family of four for breakfast during the mid week.
Currently the best buffet in LV. I love how they give you the option of hot or cold crab legs (if hot-they are prepared for you right then and there). There is a wide selection of food ranging from ramen (the broth was actually quite good) to wagyu sliders (overcooked). I do appreciate that everything is portioned out for you so that food doesn't go to waste. . . Try coming at off hours to avoid waiting for hours. The first time I came to Bacchanal the wait time was 3-4 hours. Hell no. I came back the next day and only waited around 40 minutes.
Pretty amazeballs.  We came for breakfast, which is $19.99 on weekdays.  The first thing I noticed was elegance.  It's the prettiest, cleanest, most chic looking buffet I've ever seen.  . . There were several egg dishes, including two kinds of eggs benny, an omelet chef at your service, tons of scrambleds, a mini quiche in a mini cast iron skillet (this one had zero flavor).  There's a thin crust pizza with a sunny side up quail egg and panceta, which is REALLY good.  I didn't try the other breakfast pizzas.. There was Chinese dim sum, which was unexpected.. One of the tastiest dishes was papas con chorizo.  Another favorite was the fried chicken in the mini basket, which came with a small waffle that got too crispy under the heat lamp unforch but the chicken was great.  I also enjoyed the sweet potato tots, which seemed to have a maple sugar flavor.  There were also loads and loads of different meats, sausages, bacons, the best I've ever seen at a buffet.  There is also bacon they can carve for you if you prefer it fresh from the slab and fried to your liking.. Tons and tons of pastries at every turn but I skipped them.  Instead, I tried to eat only the things I don't eat at home, like the Thai Tea sorbet.  I think there were about 18 fancy sorbet flavors that you can get in a dish and add toppings OR in one of 3 kinds of waffle cones.  Oh, and a large fresh juice selection, each in cute mini jugs.  . . There was so much I didn't try this time.  However, it was well worth the $20+tip.  And everyone was so cordial.  I was very pleased. So pleased, I did NOT want to leave.  I just wanted to sit there and wait til I was hungry again.. . TIP::: If you're there on a Friday morning, you can skip the long wait by arriving early, say, no later than 9am.  So, don't wake up hungover.  Instead, wake up bright and early and ready to eat!
We were here this month and enjoyed the food here. We usually don't do buffets because of the poor quality of food, but found this one was pretty good.
I give this place 4 stars because it takes so freaking long to wait in line, and the layout of the buffet could be better.  The food is great though!
This place is a toss up with Wicked Spoon as my current go to buffet. Wicket spoon has much better desserts but this place seems more consistent and more variety. This is located in the Cesears Palace. We went on a weekday lunch for $30 each. I've heard on weekends when it is busy that they charge people $20 for express entrance, really? is this a club?!. . Anyways, the food is pretty amazing, they have different ethnicities and the quality is really there. The desserts is decent too, they have mochi and ice cream, just not as much cakes and stuff compared to other buffets. Most people seem to go for the crabs but their sea food department isn't that great.
I went here for the breakfast buffet. The ambiance was quite nice with quiet music in the background. The brunch itself was more like a 4.5 in my opinion. I had eaten at The Wicked Spoon the day before and it was quite good but I believe Bacchanal did the same thing a little nicer and with better food. It was a dollar more and there weren't quite as many seafood options but the ones they did have were better and they might have more if you catch them when they are transitioning to lunch. The fresh juice (8 varieties) was nice and I think you had to order at TWS. Try the steak and eggs first if you like that sort of thing because you will want to hit that a few times.
The food is good, but the wait time is ridiculous. We waited for two hours, so to make up for the wait, we ate for about two hours!
This buffet wins hands down for the best service. The woman who took us to our table explained everything as she was leading us there and our server was completely on top of things, taking our drink order right away, checking in on us frequently, and making sure our dirty plates were moved within minutes. Chefs all throughout the buffet would greet us at the station and ask if we had any questions.. . The selection of foods was amazing. There were all kinds of seafood including crab legs, shrimp, shrimp in beer marinade, oysters, mussels, calamari... and the most amazing lobster corn chowder.. . There was pizza, Italian food, and some pretty delicious Asian food. They had beef and broccoli, chow mein, hot and sour soup, spring rolls with peanut sauce, pot stickers.... it all tasted just as good as my local Chinese restaurant. . . There was a great charcuterie section with delicious spreads and cheese and an extensive Mexican food section. I'm not a fan of Mexican food so I didn't touch any of this but my husband liked it.. . The desserts were also plentiful but by this time I was stuffed. Their gelato section was very unique - my husband had a mango chili sorbet and I had a caramel beer gelato. They even had a candy bar!. . We were shocked at the price. A photo on here said $39.99 for a Friday night dinner - we paid $49.99 so the prices have gone up but it was worth it.
Best buffet . It's expensive but it's worth it.
This is definitely the better buffet of the Harrah's/Caesar owned buffets. The decorations remind me of a modern 50s-60s feel with light colors and a lot of grey and brown mixed in. There is a wide variety of furniture and upholstery which gives the place a comfy look.. . The food was amazing. Try the leek, shumai, and sushi bar in the asian section, lasagna in the italian section, and chicken and waffles in a basket. The congee is pretty good too. The dessert section has delicious gelato and sorbet with a large variety of other sweets for everything else.. . My only gripe was that the clam chowder was over salted and some of the other American dishes had a lot of salt too. . . I would definitely come here again and not mind the 45-50 minute wait in line.
This place was good, but expensive. I'll probably come again if I want to take advantage of the unlimited mimosas and don't want to eat the rest of the day. . . The wide selection is impressive, as you could find almost anything your heart desires.. . I concur with another reviewer that the pork buns are amazing, but the sushi - not so much. I also wasn't impressed with the crab legs as they needed to be heated up, but I loved that they were cut in half for easier dissection of the meat. The pizza was just mehh, and the croque madame was just alright. I liked the small dishes available so you had more room to try other things. The truffle scalloped potatoes were creamy and rich, pretty delicious. The mac and cheese and pasta salad were just alright.. . The dessert table was also vast, but I only had room to try the red velvet cake. It was the best I've had in a while. I wished I'd had room for another piece!. . We downed the mimosas, taking the opportunity to get drunk cheaply. Plus, I just love mimosas. They were a little slow about refilling them, but that was okay.. . Our friends arrived at the buffet before us, and because of this they wouldn't let us sit with them, even when another table opened us next to them. That was annoying, but whatever.. . I do wish there was a place like this near us that we could go on special occasions.
I had really high expectations of this buffet since everyone was raving about it.  I thought it was over-hyped.  I mean it was good, but not like amaaaaazingly better than the other buffets on the strip.  The wait wasn't too bad at 45 minutes on a Saturday night.  There was a lot of selection though!  The dessert area was AWESOME.  The crab legs were REALLY good - you can ask them to make it hot for you.  Sushi wasn't that fresh though.  The burger sliders were waaaaay too salty.  Other than that... you should try it at least once.
Being the hottest and newest buffet in town, we had to come and give it a try. Showed up around 5 and probably waited about an hour in line. Yeah - there's usually a wait and we thought 5 was early but maybe we should've came even earlier. Plunked down out $55 (ouch!) and got seated. Service was so-so. Our waiter was kinda scarce and spacey. It took a while to get our drinks, to get refills, to get our tables cleared. But then at the end, another guy/waiter showed up and asked multiple times about refills and clearing our tables even though we were ok and still working on our food. I don't think he was taking over for our original waiter because he was still around but it felt like this new guy was like the expediter, trying to hurry us along to finish and leave. Weird vibes throughout. . . On to the food. Like Wicked Spoon, I think I would be happy just having their dessert (but then I wouldn't get my money's worth). It's truly an impressive spread. Mutiple flavors of ice scream and we're talking about unique flavors too like mango chile or French toast. Mochi - though we looked behind the counter and it's just from the box that you can get at the grocery store so maybe save your stomach for something else. Fresh crepes which you can customize with fruits and sauces and whip cream. Bowls of macaroons, jars of candy, all different kinds of mini desserts, chocolate covered strawberries, cake pops, and it goes on and on. For the actual food, there's mainly 3 sections. An ethnic section with Italian, Mexican, and Asian foods as well as some salads/soup. A meat and hot food line with prime rib, a variety of hot meats, and sides like veggies and mashed potatoes. And finally the seafood section - crab legs (steamed or cold), shrimp, lobster bisque, oysters, clam bakes, etc. I would have to say my top three favorite things were the blackened chicken soup (Chinese herb-y style), the lamb (cooked and seasoned perfectly) and the macaroons (love these delicate desserts). Mmmm, I would come back if it wasn't such a pricey meal and long wait.
They had very fresh seafood and oysters were good.  Thumbs up from me!
First off I am not a buffet fan, but after all the hype about this place I've been wanting to go.  So my husband asked me where I wanted to go, I said, "Bacchanal."  He said, "A buffet? I can't take you there for your birthday!"  I said, "Yes, you can and you will give the birthday girl what she wants." So here we are on a Tuesday for lunch.  If a buffet is good at lunch, it has got to be great at dinner, right?. . The line to get in was short at 11:30 am. We tipped up front, not sure if this was why we were seated by the window with a pool view, which was nice since it was a beautiful, spring day and my birthday. Love that the hostess seemed just as excited as us to eat here.  . . We were seated and the waitress swapped the $10 unlimited mimosa for straight "champagne" for me, saying she won't tell the boss.   Nice, but it was cheap "champagne" and I probably should have paid more for a better quality glass listed on the menu. However, the "nice" wines by the glass are waaay overpriced since they are ordinary wines, but I guess they can overcharge.. . First off the presentation of everything is exquisite.   My suggestion from learning lesson,  is survey the whole buffet before you start, otherwise, you can miss out on some atypical buffet items, which makes Bacchanal worth your while. There is a seafood station, carving station, Mexican, Italian, Asian, and American stations.  Oh and I almost forgot, they have a HUGE dessert station.  I saw one person just eat desserts. . . I liked how many items are already plated and diners can grab and keep moving along, which means you don't have to wait extra long behind those who don't  know how to use tongs or other basic serving utensil. . . Given my limited capacity, I chose items that I can't readily get or takes way to much effort to cook, and then I choose a few items I've never had before.  I picked up a few shrimp, which were prepared correctly, but I normally skip because I eat them often enough. However, I was hungry while waiting for oysters, which were being shucked, but they disappeared within seconds of reaching the service station.  Never got any oysters.  They also had seafood salads and oyster shooters too.  They were decent fillers, but were not chilled enough.  No crab legs, which was a bummer, but it was the lunch buffet which is priced at $32.99/pp.  Can't expect everything at that price. . . I hit the carving station which was impressive, especially for lunch. I chose the brisket, prime rib, slab bacon, and specially requested getting the cracklings off the ham.  They also had pork ribs, roast turkey, and a variety of sausages.  What is not to love about fatty, roasted meat?  All solid choices; meats all juicy, but my personal taste requires a bit more salt.  Prime rib was probably the best from any buffet...rare, med-rare and still warm.  Yay! The carver also asks you how you like your meat before carving it, which is nice.. . Third round I cleaned up with some carnitas pork from the Mexican station.  Some interesting cheese and charcuterie I never had before as well as purple mustard, which tasted wonderful.  I also picked a few cheeses and a beautiful checkerboard feta and watermelon salad (my type of dessert).  Remember that shrimp I ate? Well, I am kicking myself because I had no room for roast duck from the Asian station or any sushi.   . . Overall, I think the higher quality of food and detailed presentation is worth the higher price in comparison to other buffets.  I like not feeling like I am eating at a buffet, but I like eating a buffet. YKWIM? This is the only place I will eat a buffet a now.   . . Don't miss out on good food, just because it is a buffet. This as an upscale buffet, better food than some restaurants.  The servers and the staff are all professional and nice, which makes it feel much more restaurant-like and less like a cafeteria.
Price defnitely hits you over the head, but for the quality of food (and if you acknowledge the fact that EVERYTHING has gotten more expensive over the years, and that this is Vegas after all) it really isn't that bad. Currently, it might be the highest-end buffet in Vegas.. . The decor is visually jarring (they need to fire their interior designer), and obscures half the buffet line.  But every time you turn a corner, there's more food!  They have a unique approach for some of their items: they give you little finger oven mitts, because some of the foods are already pre-plated (especially stuff like baked pastas or the Asian soups), which seems to be catching on at other buffets as well. Overall, I liked the selection, and ate too much, as usual.. . Highlights:. -Dessert selection is hit-or-miss, but during dinner, usually a hit: awesome macarons (they get them from the cafe adjacent to the front of the buffet), good selection of mocha when they have it, Oreo mousse dome--nom, and on weekends, they have a Japanese Yam/Taro parfait-looking thing that's wonderfully different . -The sliders--ughhhhh so tasty. -Pesto orecchiette and crab flatbread are definitely the stars of the Italian section. . Not-so-great subjective stuff:. -Selection of juices at the start of the line--cucumber juice tastes exactly as it sounds. Which is to say, gross (or "healthy" as my mom puts it).. -Shrimps are huge but relatively flavorless. -Oddly placed decorations; navigating some areas is a mess. -Some foods are hard to get because the serving pot is high while the sneeze guard is too low. . If you're a glutton whose standards aren't unreasonably high, you're going to like this place. Bring a wheelchair to roll yourself out post-gorging.
Bacchanal is the biggest, newest buffet in Vegas. All inside Caesar's Palace. Naturally, being one of the newest and hyped as one of the best, lines for this place last almost 3 hours.. . Luckily, someone had a VIP card which meant that 3hr wait turned into 15 minutes.. . Everything is typical Vegas buffet once you get in, which is to say, nice. But you realize just how massive it is once you get your food. You could get lost just going from station to station.. . It's got everything all the other buffets have and they even have freshly squeezed juice for lunch. The Texas squeezed orange juice being the best which explains why it runs out so quickly.. . The crab legs weren't spectacular. Possibly because it's pre-cut and iced already. The oyster shooters were good though. Everything else was decent. I didn't get to try all the food here but what I did try, it was good enough. Not all it was hyped up to be but I'd still eat it and enjoy it.. . Dinner lines do get long. Especially for the meats (prime rib, lamb, etc). Standing in that may be a 10 minute wait in and of itself.. . All in all, it's a good experience but other buffets are comparable and the lines for those are going to be shorter. Go here if you want to hit up a new buffet.
This place is definitely 5 stars if you ignore the wait and the price. I think this is one of the more expensive buffets I've been to, and it is not worth the price when you have to wait so long to pay for the buffet and then wait some more in line to get food. . . I've been to the buffet at two separate dinners on weekday evenings, first time the wait was about an hour, we paid the $15 fast pass. The second time the wait was half an hour, it was more manageable. . . Food was delicious, I love the seafood selections and most asian selections. I think it is one of the few buffets that does asian dishes right (except for sushi). They had very tasty congee, pork buns, lightly fried salt and pepper fish, and duck. . . The first time I went they had more adventurous ice cream flavors (savory), but I was very disappointed to see them disappear the second time I went. Crepe is always good, so I am happy.
Great Stuff.  Spicy Tuna Sushi rolls,  ceviche, crab legs, paella, pho,  , great steak cuts. all great!  Desert go for a crepe, key lime pie ,and carrot cake and a mochi mango ball. Service was nice, place is huge though, remember there are 2 sides to it.
Really good. Great variety. A little overpriced.. . We went for an early dinner, around 5 PM, so we didn't have to wait to get in. The selection is tremendous, for sure. The seafood is really good, my personal favorite being the crawfish. The shrimp, salmon, and tilapia were all worth getting again, too.. . The rest of the food was good, some of it very good. The best thing my husband and I tried were the made to order mini tacos. We got a couple with beef, pico, and guacamole. Great flavor and good quality ingredients.. . The desserts were really good. I loved the French macarons, as well as the tiramisu, cheesecake pops, and chocolate decadence pops. The mini cupcakes were really dry and disappointing. The red velvet cake was OK.. . Overall, I would go back, but for an earlier meal because dinner was expensive. I would recommend trying this buffet at least once.
In my opinion, the very best items at the buffet are the following: duck, waffle fries, sausage(not the jalapeno), burger shooters, miso soup self serve, crepes and lastly the sorbet. I appreciated the selection and the exotic foods, but some were mediocre. I am especially picky because I pride myself on eating excellent food on vacations, and with that said, I feel that most of the food could be better. The service was excellent; I enjoyed having the coffee pot at our table as well.
I liked their crab legs. I was second in a huge forming line. They are cracked, so no work has to be done. Sushi was very fresh. They have really cute bite sized desserts, so you can sample a lot of things. The dessert section is hidden away from everything else, so I think there is a good chance a lot of people forget about it. They have gellato in many different flavors like sour cherry. Very cute desserts. I don't know what kind of dessert I was eating. White chocolate with edible silver balls and soft center. Good what ever it was. I am very picky, and I found a lot of stuff I could eat. However for the price, I think I like the Bellagio better. Their is also a buffet on the stip with circular aquariums at the buffet with tropical desserts that are out of this world. Just can't remember the name of it :( I just remember you take an esculator down to get to the buffet. If you love Sushi Todai is a great fish and sushi buffet for reasonable prices. They have chicken and beef too!
My taxi driver to the hotel highly recommended this place. He was prasing how nice the decor was because they recently had a renovation and they've added many more selections to the menu.. . We went relatively early.. around 6 on a Monday, there was no line and you pay the bill upfront. How convenient! There were Asian, Italian, Seafood, Salad, dessert...etc. In the Asian section, they had Chinese and a minimal selection of Sushi  I was disappointed to see there were not too many selections of sushi and they didnt have sashimi!!!! My favorite was the seafood station, the oysters were fresh and the crab legs were delish. I spent most of my time at the seafoods. Overall, it wasnt bad but wasnt anything you'd wow for either. I wish i stayed with my original plan and went to Wynn though.
What an incredible buffet!  Not cheap, but worth every dollar.
The only Buffet worthy of 5 stars is the "Seafood Buffet" at Deer Valley in  Park City.  Bacchanal makes a solid effort but falls just a bit short when it comes to the high end shellfish.  The real star of any so called high end buffet.  Staff is a tad arrogant ... Maybe it's the hoards of mid-westerners in the "New Balance" running shoes.... Lot a sweat pants in the house as well.... Apparently you need to come prepared.. As you enter the 25,000 square foot feed lot you see the crux of all the excitement... The Crab Leg station.... 9 deep and 6 wide it's truly a spectacle of gluttony!  I'm thinking of a new reality tv show..... CRAB LEG WARS! VEGAS!!!! It's a literal frenzy ... All for an average snow crab leg that yields a thin flavorless reward .... Oyster Shooter are in tomato juice... Tip grab some extra cocktail sauce and reconstitute your own version (ala Brophy's).. Without droning on about this and that I'd say just go and experience it once it may be Heaven or it may be Hell.... You decide!?!?!?. . Secret super tip for normal people... Make it your first and only meal of the day at 2:30 pm.... Line will be shorter and price skyrockets at 3:00 pm.  They also won't rush you when you get inside.... We stayed for 3 hours!!!!!. And ask for Jo's station she's amazing and oh so pleasant!
The very hyped Bacchanal Buffet!  I went into it all ready to compare it to the Wynn Buffet, but after my meal, I realized they are quite different!. . The food here are presented in a way that combines the best of the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon.  It's gourmet in a buffet form, and neatly portion-controlled with these nice presentations.  . . There's a carvery station, a variety of ethnic food, and a seafood area.  But what really sets Bacchanal apart is the foods that are freshly prepped!  I'm a huge fan of the noodle bar, where you can get tonkatsu ramen or pho.  I got the ramen twice because it was pretty damn legit :P  At the taco station, you can ask them to make tacos and quesedillas with the protein of your choice.  The pasta station has pastas made-to-order, as well as ready made ones.  For the seafood section, they can steam/boil the crab for you so it is perfect for people like me that likes their crab legs on the warmer side.. . Huge huge fan of the Asian section as well.  There's xiao long bao and a variety of dim sum items.  I didn't think it would be good but I was really surprised, especially with the xiao long bao!  . . Fresh squeezed juices laid out for the taking.  Much needed after a long night of partying haha.. . Dessert section was huge as well, in an area by itself.  Crepes, ice cream, cakes, pies, cookies, pastries... plenty to choose from.  Creme bruelee!. . The only thing that was disappointing was the carvery station.  The prime rib was bland, and the other items were extremely tough.  There is a lot to choose from, but you can tell some of them have been sitting under the heat lamp for a bit too long, like the brisket.  The line can get ridiculous for that as well.. . We were lucky and only waited 15 minutes in line for Sunday brunch.  I've heard stories from friends how they have waited 2-3+ hours for the buffet.  Also, if you have a Total Rewards card, use it, since you get a bit of a discount.. . Service is a bit spotty.  Our guy was so busy and had to shuffle between taking drink orders and taking away the dirty dishes.. . Compared to the other top buffets, it might not beat Wynn in terms of taste or quality but I think the way they have it set up, especially with food prepped right in front of you, and the variety makes it the best buffet in Vegas.  Hopefully they can keep it up and be consistent!
I was very excited to try out this buffet; it was recently re-vamped and the dining area itself is beautiful.   I was, however, disappointed with the overall selection for the price. There are a couple offerings that are high quality ingredients, so when you go, choose wisely and save space for the unique items.  I simply didn't feel there was great value in our visit.
After hearing about this buffet's $17M renovation, and seeing a walk-through video on  U Tube, it was a no-brainer. Hella walk from the parking garage, but good to burn off the thousand calories consumed here (take a detour through the shops first for a full workout). . . Don't believe the prices listed in the photos of this buffet. We had quite a shock when they told us the total. The weekday dinner is now $45, not $35. WHOA!!. . Steep price, but after the experience, I feel, it was well worth it. The dishes are presented like a plated meal, unlike your typical buffet where you just slap all the selections on your plate into a mound of indistinguishable grub. And it is done with some sass and flair: fried chicken in mini fry baskets, hot wings in mini tin buckets, etc. But its not just all visual. The food is excellent, which, to me, justifies the price.. . There's pretty much something for everyone. From simple fare like pizza, fried chicken, hamburgers, and fries, to crab legs, steak, and lamb, to pho, hot & sour soup, and sushi, and everything in between (well, seems like). The dessert station also has a vast selection that would satisfy anyone's sweet tooth (gelato, sorbetto, creme brulee, pies, cakes, macaron, cookies, and more!).. . Dining room is very modern (what did you expect for $17 mil?), and the stations are ultra-modern with quirkiness unseen anywhere else (what did you expect from a design firm from Japan named Super Potato?).. . Overall, great experience. Will be back several times, mainly because it's virtually impossible to sample EVERYTHING on one or two visits.
Number one rated Buffet in Vegas and for good reason. The food is excellent all around and the selection is amazing. The only downside is we had to wait 1 1/2 hours to get through the line to eat. Other than that, make sure to save room for desert because it is too easy to get full on all the delicious entres they have! Oh and make sure to go around the corner, there is sushi that I didn't find until too late.. . They would have received 5 stars if the crab legs weren't lacking in flavor. They tasted bland and some tasted only like water. Disappointing considering you can see them the entire time you are in line.
I've had many buffets in Las Vegas and have heard so much about this place from all the news articles raving about the new 17 million dollar buffet, to friends who have come and thoroughly enjoyed it. The expectations and the bar was set pretty high to say the least.. . This buffet is absolutely gorgeous with its decorations and decor. You can definitely tell they put a lot of work in making everything look nice to complement the food here. To those who aren't familiar with this place, there are 9 different stations featuring food from 9 different parts of the world. There's lots of variety here and supposedly over 500 choices of different things to eat.. . The things that really stood out from this place were the crab legs/seafood section, meat section and dessert station. The crab legs came out cold and fresh, UNLIKE those frozen legs that you would get at the bellagio buffet. There wasn't also a long line for them and I was able to get lots of helpings real quickly. The oysters, lobster clam chowder and paella were all excellent. . . The meat section featured many different kinds of meats and sausages, enough to make you VERY happy. The ribs over here were not tender though but I loved the various kinds of sausages that they have over here to try. . . The dessert section had a lot of desserts I've never seen at other buffets before. Mochis, cake pops and the macaroons were absolutely delicious and they had specialty desserts that were featured in different parts of the world. THEY even had some baklava gelato!. . Other things that stood out were the asian noodles station, where you could order various types of noodles throughout all of asia (examples: pho, ramen) and the cheese station where they had various aged cheeses to try. They ALSO had dim sum for those who love it!. . Solid buffet to come here, and it met my expectations.
I really like this buffet! I'm not a buffet person but I think this is the one to go to when in Vegas. . . It is best to go on a weekday and early. I wanted to try their breakfast/lunch. We went on a Thursday around 9:30 and waited about 20 minutes.. . I LOVED the Asian bar. It is situated in the far back. Don't miss it. . My favorites are Shanghai dumplings, dim sum (Hai Gow, Shumai), thousand year old egg congee (yummy), ramen, pho, wonton noodles, udon, fried rice, lo mein, eggrolls, potstickers, and many more... I know it is legit because the cooks were all speaking Cantonese. However, the Shanghai dumplings could be better if the skin was a little thinner. It is fine for a Vegas buffet.. . Some other dishes to try is the croque madame and the fried chicken and waffles. YUMMY! . . I am glad most of the dishes are portion control. That helps me not eat so much but I end up getting up often to grab more. So I don't know how that helps... I still ate a lot. . . We stayed until they transitioned to lunch. We had a few pasta dishes and pizza. Not impressed. I think I am sticking with the Asian bar with the all-you-can-eat dim sum. . . This buffet really impressed me!!!
[MY BACKGROUND]: I've been coming to Vegas since 1994, and tried pretty much every buffet on the Vegas strip. . . [DATE VISITED]: Saturday, March 16th, 2013, Dinner Buffet. Entered the line at 5:10PM, paid at 6:00PM, started eating at 6:40PM. . . [THE INTERIOR]: Before you enter the buffet, you will see a huge line, that will remind you of Disneyland. Once you enter the buffet, its major chaos..Chaos!! There are way too many people, and most of the tables seemed very close together. The noise level is really loud. I definitely will not bring my older relatives here, as they might find it too hectic. It seems like the people at Caesar's had a very obscure shaped room to fit in a buffet of this size. . . [THE FOOD]: Besides long lines, and chaotic atmosphere, the food here is really really good. The Asian section is probably one of the most authentic tasting Asian section at any Las Vegas buffet. This also goes for the rest of the buffet. The cocktail shrimps they serve are also one of the largest sized cocktail shrimp of any Vegas buffet I've tried.  My sister and I stood in line for the steamed crabs for at least 20 minutes. Determined that we were not going to wait in this line again, we practically filled mountain high 2 plates each (4 plates total), with a layer of cocktail shrimp, and a  huge pile of king crabs on top (we had 4 plates of these). Needless to say, we were a little carried away with how much we brought for my family of 4, but I think we pretty much were satisfied with how much shrimp and crab we ate, that it justified the $50 dinner cost. Also their dessert section is amazing. They also have different flavored mochi and gelato.. . [THE SERVICE]: Our server was amazing, in terms of getting our drinks, and cleaning our finished plates. No complaints at all here.  . . [THE GOOD]: . - some of the best tasting buffet food hands down. - the selection and variety is amazing, . - the presentation of the foods in the small plates is very nice. . [THE BAD]. - long Lines to get into the buffet, . - more lines in the buffet to get the food. - chaotic atmosphere. - noise level is high, definitely not a place for a romantic dinner. - One design flaw of the buffet is the line for the steamed crabs. The people that stood in line for the steamed crabs blocked off the whole seafood section. So for the people that did not want steamed crabs, but lets say want a piece of salmon in the seafood section, you couldn't because the people in line for the steamed crabs stood right in front of the food. I guess you could try to sneak in between people in the steamed crab line to get some food, but everybody in line for the steamed crabs had the "I'm waiting in line, you should too" face.  This design flaw also applies to the meat carving section. The line for the meat carving section blocked off another section of the buffet, hence other people couldn't get to those foods either. At one point the line for the steamed crabs and meat carving section blended together, to form one mega line, that caused a lot of confusion. The issue is, they steam the crabs a little at a time, so the line went really really sloowwww. The line wasn't moving at multiple points. We waited at least 20 minutes to get the steamed crabs. They really should place a line divider for the people in these lines so they don't block half of the buffet. . . [OVERALL EXPERIENCE]: I've always wanted to try the Bacchanal buffet ever since it opened. We asked the waiter if its always like this, but they said its less crowded on the weekdays, and at earlier times. If I go again next time, I'm going to go at 3:30 PM, and try to avoid the 6 PM dinner crowd.
Considering my last Vegas buffet was anything but satisfying at the Mandalay Bay, Bacchanal was very good, The only problem is they have so much to choose from, you can't possibly try it all. I guess that's incentive to go back. The deserts were great, especially the pecan and key lime tarts. I concentrated on the Italian and Mexican food stations mostly. The Asian and seafood looked very appetizing as well. I'll be back.
Went for early lunch and were seated within 10 minutes.  Started with Kobe beef slider which was pink in the middle, cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Also had a crispy fried chicken leg with sweet potato fries with sea salt also very tasty.  The truffle scalloped potatoes were hands down my favorite.  Had the lobster corn chowder which was delicious but was cold.  Would have tasted way better served hot.  Next tried Mexican with the Red Chili Pozole which had lots of pork chunks, no skimping there.  The beans were so tasty I think they added a bit of longaniza to give it depth and it really worked.  The pork carnitas was seasoned well but a bit dry for my liking.  Cheeses and Charcuterie were yummy with cheddar, manchego, parm, salami, mortadella, you name it, all delish.  Didn't try any Asian this time but did save room for dessert.  Creme Brulee was not quite firm enough but the chocolate fondant cake was divine as was the dark chocolate and raspberry tart.  Our server was en pointe but I did hear others around me who couldn't get their servers to get them a glass of water and the lunch crowd hadn't even really arrived yet.  I will definitely be back and glad we arrived early.  When we left there was a 1 hour wait.
This was definitely one of the best buffets on the strip.  There was a huge variety of food that there was no way you could try it all. . . The seafood selection was awesome, but if course the line was the longest so unless you really wanted it, it was a bit of a deterrent.  I was able to grab some oysters and an oyster shooter which I enjoyed.. . The selection and quality of Asian food was above some of the other high end buffets on the strip.. . One of my favorite items were the sweet potato tater tots.  Went back for seconds.. . The desserts were good, but I was hoping for more or a larger variety and quality.  I am a dessert person, so I wasn't wow'ed.. . I was here over the Thanksgiving holiday so the line was super long and I was a bit disappointed to find out there was no unlimited mimosas or bloody Mary's offered with the buffet price, which was higher than normal as well.
I have always dreamt about dining Bacchanal Buffet. On the last night of our staycation, that dream turned into a reality. . .  Outside the Buffet there is a plaque on the wall. It says, "Bacchus: The Roman God of the Feast. Bacchanal: A Feast worthy of Gods."  I don't think the Gods would appreciate the lengthy cue to get in the first line of the buffet. A negative of Bacchanal Buffet is the endless lengthy lines. In my opinion, the buffet arrangement exacerbates these lines. Caesar's Palace would be doing a good service to their guests by putting up a sign stating the approximate wait time from this point forward. The line did move relatively fast. And by the time I wrote my review on Bellagio Snack's we were paying for the dinner. At $44.99 per person with $1 off for Reward members (whoopee!), Bacchanal Buffet does not love locals. After we paid, they gave us a rubber thing that you use to hold on to the hot plates. Next we waited on a second line to be seated. After waiting on this line for a few minutes, we were directed to wait on another line. A few minutes pass. Finally, a hostess walks us to our table. The first thing that struck my eyes was the dessert station in the center of the buffet.. .   After we are seated, we got a quick course on the different stations and their locations. From that point on, I rate the service a 3 out of 5. Piles of empty dishes sat on the table far too long. The drink refills could have been better.. .   I started from one end of the buffet to the other. This review mentions the stations and a sample of the food at some of them. I have posted comments where applicable:. . ASIAN FOOD. . *Vegetable chow mein........Delicious.. *Kung Poa Chicken. *Beef broccoli. *Spring rolls.........Good.. *Man Po Todu. *Miso soup......Not hot. Like Garden Buffets way more.. *BBQ ribs. *Chinese roasted duck. *Duck soup..Coming from a guy developing a list on places to view ducks, I won't eat it again.. . SALAD. . *Typical salad....Will not spend $44.99 to eat salad.. . COLD CUTS. . *A wide selection of cold cuts.. . ITALIAN FOOD. . *Large meatballs. *Chicken Primavera. *Urchette. *Baked Beef Lasagna with ricotta.....small dishes. Good stuff. . MEXICAN FOOD. .  *Large selection. . AMERICAN FOOD. . *Prime rib. *Lamb chops.....My dad & brother said it was the best they tasted.. . SEAFOOD. . *Lobster soup. *crab legs. *cocktail shrimp. *gulf shrimp. *mussels. *Cod. . DESSERTS. . *Pecan sticky buns. *French macaroons. *large selection of sorbet. *chocolate creme brulee. *Chocolate Decadence pops. *Chocolate Chip filled with fudge. *sugar free cheese cake. *sugar free vanilla brulee. *peanut butter cupcakes. *red velvet cake. *pecan tarts. *key lime cake. *panna cotta. . Conclusion:. .    It was a difficult decision whether to rate Bacchanal Buffet 3 or 4 stores. I was not happy that the miso soup was cold. I was not happy about the extended wait at the seafood station. I am under the impression that a poor layout is creating this long line that moves exceedingly slow. I was going to give it 3.75 stars. This is the reason that I am giving Bacchanal Buffet a soft 4 stars. One of the people in my party was in a rush. The result is that I passed over coffee and dessert. This looked like the king of dessert stations (I would probably only get a cookie). The coffee also could have been outstanding. . .  My dream of dining in the Bacchanal Buffet is over. The constant lines and high pricing leave me with better dining options on the Strip in the near future. As it stands right now, Bacchanal may return to Rome by the time I pay $44.99 to return to Bacchanal Buffet.. . The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 57.
Food was GREAT! The asian food section was GREAT!!! the sushi was so-so.... ive had way better at sloppier joints... There was also a mexican, american, and italian section...  All of it was reallly good! Now, the desserts were not that great.... I was actually pretty disappointed in the desserts :( and thats what I was looking forward to the most :(
We went for Easter Brunch and it was $49.99 a person. That's a little pricey! But we waited for 35 min line so we paid and then waited in another line for 15 min to be seated. . The dining area is beautiful. The tables are a little close together, so eating was a little uncomfortable with your neighbor just over your shoulder.. The food is great. Fresh and hot!! Lots of selection and great flavors. Some of the food is packaged in cute little baskets but the portions were too big for a Buffett portion.. All in all, it was a great Buffett. Almost worth the $50 a person. It goes down to $32 on regular a Sunday Brunch. It is great for that price!!
Every person that patronizes this institution should be required to enroll in DARE after  the meal. Except unlike 6th grade, it's not about drug abuse this time. It's Diners Against Rage-ful Eating. . . I went with a few girlfriends to celebrate a pal's pregnancy and although only one of the five of us was with child going into Bacchanal, somehow all five of us left pregnant, the last four of us with food babies. How did this happen!?. . Well. I'll tell you what happened. Caesars went and renovated their buffet and pulled themselves up from zero to hero with their multi-million dollar remodel. Suddenly they are boasting 500 items - 500 items OF QUALITY, I should add. There are stations for salad, carving, seafood (you can request for your crab legs to be steamed!), Asian, Italian, American, etc. Be smart and strategize - take a mini tour of what's available so you can mentally prep your stomach accordingly. People, it's all about the pacing. . . The service is impeccable and each employee tries to make conversation with as many guests they are in contact with, so you don't feel like you're just having prime rib slapped on your plate from the cafeteria lady. . . The price tag can initially give you some sticker shock but remember: with this buffet, you're paying for both quality and quantity, not one or the other. Happy noshing!
We came here on a Monday night to celebrate my wife's birthday.   We arrived at 6:30 and waited about 45 minutes.   It was nice considering that I have waited at other buffets for 3 hours.  Dinner on a Monday night was $44.99.  The cashier gave us their "Total Reward" discount, even though I did not have my card.   Dinner for the child was a mere $25.   This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.  Unfortunately, I do not have enough money and stomach space to eat at the top rated buffets more often to be able to say that it is the best buffet.  . . The food was very good.  We had way too much crab legs, mussels, shrimp and other shellfish.  It was a good thing that I brought my cholesterol medication so that I could eat more.  I tried my crab legs hot, but, by the time I started eating them, it was lukewarm.  Not a big difference between hot and cold.  The carving station was okay.  Well done meats are not edible.  When I went back for something less cooked, it was perfection.  The lamb was a hit and miss.  I had a piece that was full of salt, and a couple other pieces that were perfectly seasoned.  There were many things that I did not have an opportunity to try.. . The Asian woman working in the dessert station deserves her own paragraph.  The daughter and I asked her if they had a candle since it was my wife's birthday.  She told me that she did, but, told me to wait a minute.  She went to the other side of her workstation, and starting doing something with wax paper.  I thought to myself, "Why did I ask?  This girl just ignored me.  I'll never get my candle".   A few minutes later, she gives me a dish.   She wrote in chocolate on the dish "Happy Birthday!" and she also handed me a candle.  But, that wasn't all!  She then took a flan, and put it on the dish that she had prepared for me.  She then took the candle back from me and placed it on the flan.   Like a helpless person, I then asked if she had matches to light my candle.   She had something better!  She grabbed her torch and lit the candle for me.  I could not thank her enough.  She was the best employee there that I encountered.. . Service was okay.  They cleared our plates frequently during the beginning of our meal.  But, toward the end of our meal, they stopped coming.  Our waitress did keep my cup filled.  . . Overall, this is a very good buffet.   Good food with lots of selections with some outstanding employees.   I'll be back!  Hopefully, someone can treat us next time!
Let me just say that I am not a fan of buffets in general, but this place made a believer of a GOOD buffet.  If you love seafood, this is the place. They have wide variety of dishes, all priced at $49.99. I loved their seafood selection. I normally don't go for any desserts, but I couldn't stay away from their desserts! They were so yummy.  We had a bottle of the sauvignon blanc. Don't remember the name, but they only have one kind.  It was delicious.  I think you can get a better deal if you purchase "buffet of buffets" deal, and your meals are taken care of for the day.
Love the new meat station...would get 5 stars  if the upgrade fee made it included as part of the buffet pass instead of just a one time entrance
We came here on a Thursday at 2pm.  I had read horror stories about the lines so I walked by around 1 pm and there was no line.  When we went back to eat at 2 pm, still no line.  When we left around 3pm, still no line.  So either the line stories are exaggerations or we got lucky.  Either way, I'll take it.. . Price per person for lunch (with thecasino rewards card) = $31.99.  Dinner was $44.99 per person.  We were seated at the same time as one other guy who was dining alone.  What I found interesting is his receipt had "TIP" stamped on it in bold black ink, so I assume he left a tip on his card when he paid.  We didn't.  The hostess sat both of us with one table in between us.  The server came over and looked at his receipt and hardly said a word to him.  She came and looked at our receipt and all of sudden started the spiel about where everything was located, things to look for, and reminded us to save room for dessert.  She was very prompt in refilling drinks and clearing plates.  At the end of course we left a tip, but I kinda wonder if she blew the other guy off because he'd already left a tip whereas she had to work for ours.  Who knows?  Just an interesting observation.. . Anyway, on to the important stuff - the food!  We were there for lunch so there's a more limited selection of items but there were still an absolute ton of things to choose from.  We started at the far end at the asian section and worked our way back toward the seafood section (where we stopped because neither of us eat seafood).  My favorite thing in the asian section were the pot stickers.  Crunchy outer shell and very tasty.  In the salad section (yes, I know, who bothers with salad at a buffet?) I found the greek salad to be really good.  I would have eaten more but even I was a little concerned about the fact that I was eating salad at a buffet.  There was a whole section of sliced meats and cheeses that we did not try.  In the Italian section I was disappointed because they were out of the lasagna and I never made it back over there to see if they had made more, but the meatballs were SO good!!  At the Mexican station they will make tacos for you on a rotating grill.  You can have carne asada, pork or chicken.  I liked the chicken best, my husband prefered the pork.  We skipped the breads and soups.  My husband tried the prime rib and enjoyed it.  They had little baskets of fried food - fried chicken, french fries, tater tots, wings, onion rings, etc.  Everything we tried there was good.  On either side of the meat carving station you will find veggies and sides - broccoli, asparagus, mashed potatoes, fingerling potatoes, mac and cheese, etc.  There was honestly only one thing I tried that I did not like and that was the wagyu beef sliders.  The only reason I didn't like them is because they were pretty rare and I just can't handle meat that isn't well done.. . Our server wasn't kidding when she said to save room for dessert... man oh man do they make some good crepes!  They make them to order and you can put your own toppings on!  They have a fresh berry mix, strawberries, caramelized bananas, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, fresh whipped cream, etc.  I almost wish I had started with dessert - the crepe was so good!  They also had mini cupcakes, different types of cakes, cake pops, a chocolate lava cake (yum!), and a bunch of different types of ice cream.  I couldn't try it all and I was so upset with the limitations of my stomach.  . . Next time I come to Vegas I will make sure I have a very empty stomach before coming to Bacchanal.  We tried one other buffet while in town, down on Fremont Street.  It was half the price but about 1/16th the quality of food.  My advice is suck it up and pay the money - the food is worth it!
Bacchanal has definitely barged its way into my top three buffets in Vegas, and not quitely!  This new location will definitely become my go to buffet and has finally trumped The Buffet at the Wynn since the grand opening.  The only other comprable buffet is the Wicked Spoon, which opened not too long ago at the Cosmo.  Service is always great, but the line can be long, so line up early.  The dining area itself is beautiful, and the food just tastes of a higher quality.. . Some memorable items: . King crab legs that are pre-cracked, served hot or cold. Jumbo shrimp that is pre-peeled. Prime rib that is cooked just how you want it. All varities of cuisine (Asian, italian, you name it). A wide variety of deserts. . PROTIP:  The prices for lunch and dinner may be a little steeper than other lower tier buffets, but definitely worth it to at least try.  By far the most extensive menu and variety in cuisine.
Finally!! Got to try this place. Definitely the best buffet I've ever been to. I'd say you get your money's worth in the quality of food served. Some of my favorites were fried egg and skirt steak. Raw oysters . Lobster chowder . Tropical juice. Mango chili gelato. Caprese salad. I couldn't keep up with the amount of food that they were bringing out.. Oh and go during the end of breakfast hour you pay the cheapest and you still get the lunch items.
Great buffet! You truly get what you pay for. $98 for dinner for two is a bit steep but the service was amazing.. . The food was a hit or a miss. The Asian section served up what you can find at your local panda express. The food seemed bland and tasteless. The pizza had quite a bit of choices in regards to what slice caught your attention. The seafood was good but the sea bass was a bit fishy. I got to try the fried chicken and waffles. The waffle fries were a bit greasy but still tasty. The chicken was crispy but dry on the inside. The heat-lamp I'm assuming is to blame for that. The cuts of meat had a nice selection. The lamb was delicious and the jelly mint was perfect. The prime rib was overcooked. I like my prime rib a bit bloody ready to walk off the place but that's just my preference.. . The desert section had quite a bit of options. I was disappointed that the ice cream selection wasn't more classic. No cookies and cream? Seriously. They do have homemade marsh-mellows and they are pretty damn good. The cake pops are my favorite! Also two types of creme brulee? Sign me up!!! . . My drink glass never went empty. Once I moved to the desert section they were quick to offer coffee, tea, hot chocolate or anything else I wanted to end my meal. It was a sweet end to the buffet.
4 stars - from a Buffet's perspective not for Fine dining - had to get that out first.. . Recently went to Vegas and wanted to grub at one Buffet. My friend and I picked Bacchanal considering it was the "New" buffet to be at.. . Location/Restaurant:. a little hard to find, we walked 10 mins into CP until we finally hit it. At least it was a good walk just to let things settle once we got done. . Restaurant wise, it was very nice, but the floor plan is really bad, we didnt see the other half of the restaurant until we got our second plate by then we were full!!!. . Food:. Has everything you would want in a buffet. The three feature food stations are Steak/American Seafood, and desserts. They are the first stations you see when you walk in. Like i said, they had Italian, Chinese, Japanese etc... but it was on the other side of the restaurant. We actually didn't see it until later when we were already full!! disappointed :(. Regardless, the food was great. Primerib, ribeye, lamb, sausages, everything you would want was there at your fingertip!. Desserts were great as well, lots of choices, even candies (which is always a plus). They even had mochi ice cream.quite refreshing.. . Value:. Pricey but i'd say worth it. It's Vegas! You have to do one buffet. It may as well be the best they got :). We wanted to do the buffet of buffets but we were so glad we didnt do it. It would have costs us over 2 bills and we wouldnt have enjoyed it. . . Minus. a little pricey compared to other buffet. but well worth it.. layout of the restaurant isn't the best, remember to checkout the other food stations!. . Would I go Again?. For sure!
Hubby and I went for early dinner- got there around 5:30 and waited for 15-20 minutes. Got in line and started eating. Loved the crab claws- much better than Aria's buffet. Huge selection especially fresh seafood. Had crab legs, shucked oysters (super fresh), salmon, and huge shrimp with cocktail sauce. Was too full to eat anything except dessert. Had the flan which was very good, the creme brulee was ok since it was warm and wasn't as firm as crime brulee should be. Expensive dinner $49.99 per person but quality and amount of food well worth it. We tried Aria's buffet but this one at Caesar's was way better.  I would give it 4.5 stars only because of high price.
My friend and I went to the buffet for the very first time yesterday--- Monday dinner.  We had early dinner; we got there at 5 pm and were quickly seated.  It was pretty slow until 7-8pm when everyone came to eat dinner.. . Anyways, I liked it because it was quite small compared to Wicked Spoon or some other buffets in town.  The food was pretty decent too.  Very good seafood selections.  However, the Chinese food was just so-so.  Probably because my friend and I eat really good Chinese food at home.. so we avoided eating Chinese.  They also have a lot of carved meat selection for meat lovers.  Personally, I prefer seafood.. so I only had a slice of roast beef.  It was very good.  Juicy and tender.  The sausages were pretty good too. All I can say about the food is that its good.  I just had a good experience with food there.  . . The only reason for 3 star is for the service.  I understand that 7-Star and Diamond guests are priorities there.  However, the server in charge of my table did not come to clean dirty dishes until my 3rd round.  As you can imagine, my table was crowded with dirty dishes.  I also did not get refill on my water so I was so thirsty... Every time I try to get the server's attention, he would look away... It was frustrating. Ugh.. . Anyways, overall I would suggest other people to definitely try the buffet.  The food is better than other buffets on the Strip:  Wicked Spoon, Wynn, Bellagio, etc based on my experience.  But do not expect a very attentive server unless you're a 7-Star or Diamond member. :P
Buffet of buffets - for a C note and some change you can enjoy it as well. Overall a good buffet, we would go again but not sure if it would be every time we go to Vegas. We tried a lot of the offerings. Some of the offerings were: fresh shrimp, crab legs (hot and cold), sea bass, oysters, craw fish and much more. Meat dishes were: prime rib, chicken, brisket, lamb chops, bone-in rib-eye, sausage and much more. The brisket and prime rib were dry ;-(.  this was a disappointment as I am more of a meat eater than other things. . . The Asian food had lots of options: noodle soup (but nobody was there to make any when I wanted some), broccoli and beef (this was cold) and lots of other items. . . Tons of vegetables: carrots, potatoes, corn, green beans and much more. . . Desserts: so many, many, many what did I not try not many but had to save some for next time. This time I tried: flan, pane cotta, ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, cremebrule and much more. There were so many desserts could not try them all as I was stuff to the max like a turkey ready for thanksgiving baking.. . The con would be for the wait time in the line that's why only four stars and cost.. . We would go back.
Been here 4 times in 3 trips to Vegas since October 2012.  Bacchanal is a 4 on some nights but a 5 on its best nights.  The spread is amazing and the food presentation and atmosphere is sophisticated and modern.  Yes, the line can be horrendous just like every other top buffet.  Twice we waited an hour.  Another time we paid an extra $15 per person to skip the 90 minute line.  The last time, we arrived at 5:45pm on a Friday and there was absolutely no line at all, amazingly.   The food is quite good to excellent but has been inconsistent.  3 out of the 4 nights, the King Crab Legs, while meaty and plentiful were way too salty.   As King Crab is the main attraction for many people, I wish that it wasn't so salty, bordering on unpleasantly salty.   Another night, several items at the meat carving station were dry.  Love the shrimp cocktail, cheese station, sliders, and tonkatsu ramen with extra pork though.  And Bacchanal has the #1 dessert station hands down.
Dinner time Price: 49.99 + tax. . . Food: Top of the line raw oysters, crab legs, meat selection, cooked salmon, cooked chilean sea bass. Nothing salty or overcooked. The shrimp were big and seemed like they were gulf shrimp with quite a bit of flavor. I did notice that they had a cooked lobster in the display case by the entrance/line but there was no lobster to be found on the buffet. . . Dessert was great with fresh ice cream selections and huge chocolate-covered strawberries, etc. . . The atmosphere: The place is huge and they play club music which seems designed to get you out of there. That was a big negative, but the food was very good. I wouldn't go back at prime time dinner because of the huge crowds and lines. If they are still playing that music, it's really annoying.. . Go early if you go because the line gets long.
After hearing all the hype about Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace 'dethroning' the legendary Bellagio Buffet in terms of food quality and quantity, I was very eager to dine here. I dined at Bacchanal during peak hours/days. I would highly recommend paying the extra $15.00 for the express lane pass rather than wait in line for 1.5 hours +. . . Attention seafood lovers: Line up here FIRST!!! The majority of people at the buffet line up in THIS LINE to get their hands on delicious king crab (just ask if you want it served warm and not chilled), yummy ceviche, and unfortunately, mediocre oysters. I started at the other stations and waited in the seafood line for a good 20 minutes before I received my crab, oysters, and ceviche. Much to my dismay, my food from the other stations was cold by the time I sat down. I forgot to grab a second plate and I basically formed an alliance with the other seafood philes to secure some extra plates for all of us so we did not lose our spot in line!. . Bacchanal definitely has a lot of food options, but I would say the food is comparable to that of the Bellagio Buffet. Besides the fresh king crab, I enjoyed the dim sum/poke/carpaccio dishes the most. I liked the varieties of mochi, macarons, and Jelly Belly beans in the dessert area at Caesar's, but I would say Bellagio's desserts are more decadent and delicious. I have not been to the Bellagio Buffet since the addition of the caviar station, which may make it trump that of Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace. . . Bottom line: Bacchanal Buffet is an expensive buffet, but if you want to burn some of your winnings here, it's a great bet!
No lines at 8:30am on a monday morning.  The breakfast price is $24.99.  I love this place.  Variety of cusines-American, Italitan, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican.  I had ham, slab of bacon, smoked brisket was moist and delicious.  The chinese food-rice porridge, noodles, dim sum, chinese doughnut was yummy.  Also their red velvet pancakes was moist not dry.  No complaints here.  I had no room for dessert which I was bummed about.  Next time.  In addition, they state 2 hours limit on the receipt which is nice to know.
Bachhanal was really good--especially the seafood.  The first station when you walk in is just that.  There were raw oysters, crab legs, mussels, and the BEST cocktail shrimp.  My favorites from the buffet has got to be the cocktail shrimp and crab legs.  Both were really fresh and the shrimp was the most meaty that I have ever had.  . . Some of their other stations do need some work, like that of their japanese, mexican and chinese cuisine.  Those sections were a bit small and were good but not what I had expected in terms of the quality and flavor.. . In terms of the meat section, I thought the prime rib was really good, juicy and tender.  Some of the others were a hit or miss to me, like I didn't really enjoy the BBQ ribs very much...they were a bit dry and difficult to cut through. . . The dessert station is heaven.  Make sure you save enough room for dessert.  There's tons of choices and the standouts have got to be their crepe station and their gelato and mochi! . . Oh yeah, the service is FANTASTIC here.  I felt like everytime I set down my utensils when I was done with a plate, someone was already by my side ready to clear my plate for me.  Drink refills were quick and served with a smile.  Thumbs up on maintaining that great service! . . I still love the buffets at Wynn and Cosmo, hard to say which one I love the most, they each have their strengths...but I do have to say that Cosmo takes it for its regular dishes, Bacchanal has the best seafood and dessert and Wynn has the best meats and pretty decent seafood.  I'd definitely come back to Bacchanal again!
I went to Bacchanal Buffet with a group of nine for lunch, which was priced at $36/person!  They have a wide selection of food from seafood, pasta, Japanese, Chinese, and etc.... . . FOODS & BEVERAGES. ----------------------------------------. - Watermelon Juice - YUMMY! Bacchanal had a wide variety of juices in "cute" little bottles! (We were told that their juices is only offered during lunch not dinner, so by 3:30 PM they were off the counter!). - Shrimp cocktail - Fresh shrimps, but the cocktail sauce was just OKAY!. - Raw Oysters - YUMMY & really fresh!. - Ceviche - Served in a small shot glass, very yummy!. - Seafood Salad - Very good! Another must try! . - Clams - Grab a small bucket of these bad boys! They're good!. - Mussels - A bit too dry.... I didn't enjoy it as much!. - Oyster Shooters - Spicy... it's just O-K!. - Caesar Salad - Fancy serving of Caesar Salad in a bowl! The bread was good too!. - Waffle fries - Good!. - Mac & Cheese - They had a new batch when I got mine! Warm and delicious!. - Prime Rib - Get this! You won't be disappointed! Don't forget to add some veggies. . - Turkey Sausage - Good!. - Watermelon & Cheese Salad - Very good!. - Mini Burger - delish!. . DESSERTS. ----------------------------------------. - Vanilla Creme Brulee - WAYYYY TOO WATERY. Wasn't good at all!. - Chocolate Creme Brulee - Not the most appetizing looking thing on the dessert section, but it was very yummy if you like that chocolate mousse taste!. - Mini Oreo Chocolate Mousse - Very Sweet!. - Caramel Flan - I liked the texture and the caramel syrup!. - Watermelon and Mint Gelato - It's like a watermelon mojito in a gelato form :X . - Macaroons - Great selection of different flavors! I was full by the time they brought out the macaroons, so I was only able to eat two! Not bad!. . Overall, Bacchanal Buffet is worth the price! They have a huge selection of food & I enjoyed most of the food I got, but had to skip some of their dishes because they did not look appetizing AT ALL! Their sushi selection didn't look fresh and their poke bowl just looked bleh. One of my friends had to spit out the poke and warned me not to get it cause the fish didn't taste right (AND SHE LOVES SEAFOOD MORE THAN I DO). This buffet also ensures great service with their friendly staff! . . Make sure you save room for desserts! I'd definitely come back here in the future.
This is my new favorite buffet on the Strip! We came on a Friday afternoon, and somehow miraculously avoided waiting. Literally paid and walked right in. It was $32/ person. I loved that there were various cuisines and it was grouped accordingly. My favorites were the tacos. I thought it was comparable to taco places and there was even a full salsa bar to match. I also surprisingly loved the hot and sour soup and found it just as good as ones in Chinese restaurants, ha! Towards the end of our meal (or the beginning of dinner service), crab legs arrived. Yum. Some negatives would be the overdressed (thus salty) Caesar salad and the overcooked (thus dry) prime rib. The desserts looked really good too but I was so full I just had a scoop of blood orange sorbet. Restroom is in very close walking distance (right by the entrance) and service was average. I will be back!
Finally my turn to try Bacchanal after months of waiting. Charm C. and I came on a Tuesday afternoon around 3:30. No line at all and we were immediately seated, but before we reached our table our host gave us the mini tour. I swear it really is the little things like that which make a difference. I did the smart thing and walked the entire buffet to look at the options rather than grabbing whatever I saw in sight on my first plate. Stomach space is very important especially for a buffet such as this. The seafood is absolutely amazing, best crab legs, oysters, and shrimp I've ever had from a buffet or maybe even in general. It is true the shrimp are succulent plump yet taste-y. I recommend doing 2 rounds of seafood because you will get your money's worth and it is not filling at all.  My stomach space started to lessen once I started eating the carbs and meat. I was disappointed with the prime rib because it is one of my all time favorites. It was rather dry and did not have a spectacular taste either, but this could possible be because I may have had the last piece. It is true most items here are little pieces of art, a lot of thought went into creating this buffet and you could definitely tell by almost all 500 items. The interior is beautiful, although not fancy I would describe it as elegant yet approachable. So this is the most expensive buffet in Vegas and you could definitely tell by the patrons eating here, the people here are definitely not poor! I don't know if this is worth $50, but if they kept the prices the same as when it first opened they would be getting 5 stars from me. . . Must try:. crab legs. oysters. shrimp. kalbi (great flavor, tender, with the right amount of sauce). . Pretty good:. dim sum. clam chowder. . Needs improvement:. prime rib. sushi
FIrst let me just say this Buffet is EXPENSIVE. It is coined as one of the premiere buffets in Vegas. Personally I have to agree that it is pretty AWESOME . The environment makes all the difference to me. It allows you to get this upscale restaurant vibe without the small portions.. . They have amazing stations set up with all different types of food from seafood to pasta station..they even have a lil mexican section where they make your food for you.. . Only Cons -the Host wasn't all that attentive...                    Some of the food was COLD. . Other then that it was a good time and definitely worth checking out if you have the cash and the time to enjoy something you'd probably only find in Vegas.
It's tough writing a review for this place. There were some things that were just okay, but some items that were very memorable!. . My favorite parts are the carved meats station and the dessert block. Of course, various items (such as they're tator tots and oyster shooters) were also really really good. And their maracoons and chocolate mousse dome were awesome.. . Other things just seemed way off, such as their egg rolls.. . But overall, had enough to choose from and plenty that were enjoyable.
My bestie and her BF were in town and wanted to head on over here as they've heard nothing but good about it. I never really seek out buffets, but when tourist come I will oblige and indulge.. . Just a note that a few of the pictures show a price list when it first opened and it is NOT accurate. The profile picture is a outdated price list. . . This is the cost (currently) as follows:. . Breakfast (Mon - Fri, 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.): $25.99. Brunch (Sat - Sun, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $40.99. Lunch (Mon - Fri, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $32.99. Dinner (3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekends. . One thing about this place is that it is sleek and modern and was very well designed and the music selection contemporary downtempo type stuff. Of course we came for the food and the buffet was nicely spread out and nothing was looking old and dried out. We came around 4ish on a monday so it wasn't busy and had no line. That sometimes is a cause for concern that they wouldn't rotate out the lunch out fast enough, but everything was fresh by that time. I wouldn't want to wait hours in a line to eat either and would probably greatly change my opinion of this place. I rarely think anything is worth standing around 1-2 hours so I will go before rush times. . . I got a little bit from various savory stations among several rounds and nothing was bad. Even at some other higher end buffets I've had some misses I did not eat which did not occur here. Most ranged from good to very good with only two OK items (fried chicken could be juicier but had good breading, ceviche a little too lime and not enough salt). I was most surprised that the oysters were sweet and not strongly briny, mussels and snow crab were good. The meat station was solid - the veal steamship was juicy and fall apart tender, the lamb chops were perfectly cooked and good quality and the skirt steak was really tender which I'm normally not a fan of as it can be stringy. The baked salmon was surprisingly not overcooked and was perfect, The handmade dim sum were rather nice as I went back for seconds on their pork and leek dumpling. . . Dessert wise they were also strong. I really enjoyed the panna cotta with berry, the creme brulee was great texture (though the top could have been torched more), their warm pizookie type cookie was awesome with a scoop of ice cream and fresh whipped cream. They had french macarons, which is my favorite, and theirs was surprisingly decent! I loved the orange with chocolate creme macaron out of the 5 flavors they had and overdid it with inhaling these. . . Service was great. He was on top of drinks, but was also friendly and engaging conversation. . . My bestie really enjoyed the variety and definitely thought it was worth it and gives it a 4 while she giggles about my funny hobby. Her BF is a bit of a picky eater and doesn't eat some of the higher ticket items like the seafood bar to have made it worth the high pricetag of what he got, though he thought it was good. . . I can see why this buffet gets rave reviews. It is quantity that is serving up some quality too. I don't know if it's "good value" enough for me to return on my own, but I'm sure I'll be back at some point with tourist friends.
I can't give the place 5 stars since it is a buffet although a very, very, good buffet.  Cost was $55 per person with tax on a Sunday.  . . Lot to choose from: Seafood, Meat Carving, Mexican, Italian, Japanese, Salad Bar, Chinese, and a four sided dessert bar that is situated off to the side in it's own section.. . Seafood...king crab legs...hot out of the pot with melted butter.  Freshly shucked oysters and oyster shooters.  Great Scalloped Potatoes with Truffle Oil...you can really taste the truffle oil.  Various small pots of soups..corn chowder...shrimp etouffee...Roasted Fish was very good.... . Sushi...Maguro/Tuna, Sake/Salmon, also a great Poke that comes in little bowls of 4 to 5 pieces.  Had to go back for multiple bowls.. . Dessert Bar...Chocolate Creme Brulee, Various Chocolate Parfaits, and a Watermelon Mint Granitee.  There is so much to choose from that I had to limit myself.. . Great stuff.....
This Buffet is a little expensive at $50+ but it's high quality food so it's worth the money. . .  Here's what you need to know, . . They have fresh oysters! . . Huge variety of foods from mexican, BBQ, Chinese, Japanese, American, Seafood, Steaks, etc. . . Service is top notch, very quick and attentive and nice. . . Peach Ice Tea is AMAZING . . Desserts are awesome, Warm chocolate chip cookies!!!. . Comes after 8pm to avoid the long lines. . . Try the lamb chops and sea bass!. . They have Cheese and Meat Platters! WHAT?????. . No Lobster, but that's ok because there's plenty of other delicious things to eat. . . Go enjoy yourself!
Yes, I am a fan. Friends of my wife and I brought us here. They highly recommended this place being they had visited 2 times prior. There are 9 food stations from exotic seafood to Chinese food to desert bar to Italian food to varies steaks, lamb and chops. I am normally ok with just 1 plate I had 3 plates here the food was excellent. My wife is not typically a lover of buffet food but she really enjoyed the options here. . . My only reason for giving 4 stars and not 5 is the extremely long lines (obviously the best buffet on the strip). We were told the standard line was about a 2 hour wait therefore we paid $15 extra per person for the express line which still took about 45 minutes. . . FYI: If you come with 8 or more people they automatically charge an 18% gratuity to your bill before you even sit down.
The amount of food I get for 50 dollars is well worth the price. Excuse the sob story, but when you grow up in poverty and have had dreams of all different kinds of food all racked up and displayed for your pleasure. It's kind of a big deal and not to mention they taste amazing. I love love love the honey glazed sweet potato tots and fries. The brisket was tender, a bit salty on the edges but that's what mash potato is for. I took one of everything in the desert station. Food coma, HELLO !. Very nice decor. Friday night, we got there at 6:40 the wait was around 10 minutes and even got a casino comp of 10 dollars and 10% off our meal from one of the staff while waiting. I'm so glad we got there at that time because come 7 o' clock the line went from around the corner. Crazy. Overall it was one of the best buffets I've ever had.
If you can get there early and avoid the lines - this place is AMAZING. Great selection, delicious food and good service.
amazing! very pricey, but worth it in my opinion. Very clean and lots of cool decorations. Food is amazing too. There is literally a little bit of everything. And the dessert bar is definitely something you don't want to miss with its gelato bar and crepe station. Cant wait to go back
The ALMIGHTY buffet of all buffets in Las Vegas! . If you are into AYCE and you came to Vegas looking to eat, then this place is definitely a must try.  The only reason its 4 stars vs. 5stars is because I had to during dinner time and having to pay $50 really hurt my wallet. . . However, would i do it again?  Probably would.  Why? Because this buffet is definitely aesthetically pleasing in their presentation and layout.  Not every item was a scoop and serve feel but some were plated and decorated so beautifully it was hard eating it because it was pretty (such like the watermelon feta salad in a chess square formation)  . . Also, this is one of the few buffets in my list that do not skimp on the QUALITY vs quantity.  It might be a buffet but each dish definitely tasted fresh and flavorful with all quality meats and produce. . . I'll be visiting this buffet very soon as this buffet is one of the top on my list. . Others include: Wicked Spoon, M Resort Studio buffet, and Bellagio (in no particular order)
I really liked this, but we didn't wait in the hour+ long line. It's$50 on the weekend though.  The food is good with a nice presentation and the interior is quite different than most buffets - good and bad.  There aren't any real walk ways to get from the tables to the food.  The food is basically on a long wall that winds away from the dining area, with the Japanese and Chinese food way in the back, and starting from left to right with the raw bar (slowly shucked oysters-few on ice), american food.... . It doesn't totally feel like a buffet because of the look of the place.  Nice $19M renovation!  A modern look but not stark like Aria's buffet.  The food, though, can be hard to reach.  It sits at waist level and some of the items are set back so far under the sneeze guard that you have to practically kneel down to reach, especially in the Asian section.. . There's no fancy ingredients (like at the Bellagio on weekends) but the presentations can be fancy - little pots of chowder and fried chicken in cones with sweet potato fries on the bottom, individual servings of truffled potatoes au gratin, yum!  You can get your king crab legs on ice or hot out of the water.. . The tacos were pretty good off the griddle.  Too bad they are cooking them 3-4 at a time instead of trying to stay ahead of the line.  I got mine late and had to stand there for 5 minutes waiting for the two people in front of me.  I had to translate the Spanish to the gringo before me so that he knew what he was getting.  (High school Spanish only.). . I did really like the carving station which was piled high in bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, prime rib, chicken, sausages, etc.  My prime rib was cut from the middle and was a nice medium, juicy, and well seasoned.
Try everything they have about three sections I say start from the back and work your way up unless you specifically want seafood thats mainly in the front. The BF not too happy about the lamb as he is a lamb expeprt lol otherwise its beautiful in there and your choices are plenty. Enjoy......
I am not really much of a buffet person, but my mother and I really did enjoy our dinner at the Bacchanal Buffet. I like how the food at all of the stations is made fresh and they cook it right in front of you. The desert station is also amazing! While the foodis expensive, it is worth the money you pay!
We were very impressed with the array of different food available at this Buffet.. Pro's. 1) Prime Rib.. 2) Lamb chops ( ask for mint Jelly). 3) Sushi.. 4) Dessert bar.. 5) Fried chicken in a basket w/ sweet potato fries.. 6) Crab legs. They were cut open, easy to eat.. Con's. 1) Pork ribs were so salty they affected my taste on other items.. 2) Signage on how to get to Buffet. We had a hard time finding it. Most casinos have better signage.. . Overall a very good buffet.
I don't know if I can ever give any buffet 5 stars because I always walk away from one hating myself a little bit. Bacchanal is pricy (~$33 for lunch on a weekday) so you will see people including myself overeat here to try to get their "money's worth". I will say though, when I first entered this restaurant, I felt a sense of wonderment with the amazing variety of the food. Everything here was tasty...just remember, all things are better in moderation!
Oh yeah!  This competes with Wynn for best buffet on the strip.  Came in for lunch.  Their asian selection is surprisingly very well done!  They have cool fruit juices, different seafoods, fresh meats, tacos, a great dessert bar (they even have gummy bears in a jar that you can take away).  An overall really really well done place.  Service here is also up there.  Even the guy cutting the roast beef had this big smile on his face and is so happy to give you a slice!  Bacchanal if you're reading this, you should give him a raise (he's a black dude - yeah that's pretty vague I know)!  I would definitely come back!  Oh, and this is better than the Wicked Spoon.
Pros: Food was very nicely presented. The atmosphere was exceptionally beautiful for a buffet but expected when you pay this much for one. They had a good variety of meat including lamb, prime ribs, several sausages, and brisket. The main attraction to me personally was their desserts. They were all amazing but I definitely recommend the creme brulee and lava cake as the best. . . Cons: The Asian food was pooooooooooooooo. They looked all pretty and whatnot but seriously missing some serious flavor in them. They do have a nice variety but they all literally taste like water...=/
Went here for brunch on a Sunday. Unlimited mimosas. Didn't think anything was great but it was good. I don't know if it's worth $50 (w/tax) but I guess it depends on how much you can eat. I'd come back again, on my bday. :-)
My first experience with crab legs was here. If it weren't for the crab legs and the seafood bar in general, this buffet would probably be at 2 or 3 stars. HOWEVER - the seafood was so good and fresh and delicious with drawn butter and other condiment selections, that I would absolutely return to this place for those items alone. Everything else was very generic in terms of buffet - some subpar asian selections, some decent breakfast items, and a tempting fried food section. But these did not stand up to the crab.. . Dessert selection - did not stand out.. . If you don't eat seafood, I wouldn't recommend this place. If you do eat seafood... go, and go hungry.
I thought this was an excellent buffet. I liked it way better than any other buffet I've gone to on the Strip. We went at 4pm on a Saturday to beat the crowd so we were seated pretty quickly. The variety is amazing! Their Chinese food is actually pretty decent, and their choice of cuts of meat (LAMB!!) was great. Their desserts were good as well; the only detracting thing is the price. $50 for a buffet is nuts.
I really do not like buffets. My parents live in Las Vegas and they love buffets and I read about this one in USA Today and decided to give it a try.. This is the best buffet I have ever had and would return. We went for lunch. I beleive it was about $30 per person. A good value for the quality.. The food is fresh, presented well and tasted good. I especially liked that there were healthy options such as carrot juice, raw oysters, delicious peeled shrimp and a fresh salad bar.  Also enjoyed the cooked salmon, which was still moist and well seasoned.. Choices were endless. From BBQ (which looked great with brisket, racks of ribs, pulled pork, etc), Chinese, Italian and Japanese, an extensive selection. They have something for everyone.. The desserts were excellent. I tried the mochi. Several flavors. It was incredibly fresh and creamy. Best I have ever had. Also had Jelly Bellies and fresh berries. Can't go wrong with these!
I used to love the Wynn buffet and refused to try anywhere else.  Many of my friends told me about the Bacchanal buffet and finally i gave it a try last Thursday night.  It was $46.99 for dinner and I was so happy with the food choices and quality.. . I was going to give a 5 star rating but i took out 1 star because of the service.  My server pretty much disappeared after the first drink, and no one came to pick up our plates and I had to brought the plates to other servers in order to get spaces for the table.  . . My favorite dishes:. - Rib eye steak (Juicy and tender). - Fresh made taco . - Korean Ginseng chicken soup . - King Crab Legs and Cocktail shrimp. - Onion rings & potato wedges (very fresh and tasty). - Fried Pork Skin. - Tonkotsu Ramen. - Shrimp Scampi. - Strawberry Mochi . - Creme Brulee
Buffet is really not my thing but I have been to many of them and Bacchanal is definitely a quality buffet with a vast selection.  We went around 10:30 and during the course of our meal they were starting to transition to lunch items.  They have all of the usual buffet items for a Vegas "global" theme - carving station with various meats, seafood (shrimp cocktail, mussels, oysters), Asian food (sushi, variety of stir fry, so-so dim sum), desserts galore, Mexican (tacos), breads, charcuterie and so much more.  Beautiful restaurant, service not as good as expected, roughly $30 per adult, I believe.
My husband and I ate here the day after our wedding. We couldn't decide together on where we wanted to go, but I really wanted to try this buffet after hearing a lot of great things about it. We came for lunch on Memorial Day Weekend nonetheless. The line was not that bad. I would say we waited about five to seven minutes to be seated. The decor in this place was typical to a Strip buffet: very sleek and modern. The price was a little up there. I even used my Total Rewards card, but I only got a discount of a couple of dollars. For a lunch buffet, I think we received a great value. There was a wide variety of food: wider than I expected. I liked that the food was served in small portions because then you can get a small taste of everything and get your money's worth. The presentation of the food was upscale. Everything I ate was delicious. The fresh-squeezed juice was my favorite. I've never seen a "juice bar" of sortsin any buffet that I have eaten at in Las Vegas. The only complaint I have is that the staff wasn't as attentive as I would have liked them to be, especially considering it wasn't very busy while we were there. I go through drinks fast and it seemed like forever for one of the staff to refill my drink. My husband was impressed though. I think we will come here again, but only on a special occasion.
Bacchanal is a really good buffet in vegas.  It has a good selection of food.  The only thing that it was lacking was a good selection of sushi.  Their shrimps for shrimp cocktail were big and very good looking.  Crab legs were very meaty.  They also have some reallllyyy good lamb chops.  And if you're into green tea mochi, you're in luck. They also have some other flavors as well. . . 1 star off for the price.  I went for dinner on a weekday and it was ~$45 after taxes.  This is not including tip.  The only reason why this isn't my favorite buffet on the strip is because of the price.
Super long lines must mean great prices and great food right???. Partially right. . . For around $70 per person after tax and tip (Memorial Day weekend dinner price), you'd expect this place to be as good as a $$$ steakhouse in beverly hills. Some dishes were really really really good (watermelon mint sorbet), and some dishes shouldn't be allowed in the buffet (sushi rolls). . . The goods:. - Crab legs, flan, prime rib, veges like green beans & corn, blackened chicken soup, scalloped potatoes, cocktail shrimp, salmon poke, bbq pork. . The not so goods but still decent:. - Scallop, fried chicken, sushi, macarons, sausage, muscles, clams. . Service: relatively quick for a crowded evening. . I'd probably come back on a weekday and not a weekend, and honestly if I had to wait more than 60 minutes for any buffet, I'd probably bounce no matter how good the food is. BUT if you're willing to wait, or have a membership card that lets you skip the long wait, then by all means, weekend lunch or dinner at Bacchanal's won't disappoint.
Super long line. But we got lucky and got to dodge it. The secret? I'm not telling you because it's a secret ;) Anyways, we paid $78 per person including tip. We were a bit short on time bc some people in our group had to catch a flight out. But I started off with the seafood and sushi and then ended up eating dessert and that was about it. I don't think I ate my $80 worth. :( However, the food is pretty good. There are certain desserts and items that I could do without. But all in all, the crab legs were delicious. The macaroons were way too sweet for me. All in all, I'd probably be back. Hopefully it's not as expensive next time. I think it was expensive bc I came during Memorial Day weekend. Or maybe i'll come back for lunch which is about half the price.
Before eating here, I would have to say that Bellagio's buffet is the best on the Strip.  After eating here, I am not sure anymore.  . . I was lucky and the line was short for dinner.  It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be.  There so many selections that I am not sure where to start.  In one corner there's an Asian buffet.  It's deep inside another room so you have to go and look for it.  On the outside, there's variety of Mexican, Italian, and American.  I pretty much tried a little bit of everything, especially the seafood. They are all great.. . The service was great and all the staffs are extra friendly.  If you can go to one buffet during your Vegas visit, try this one or Bellagio's.  You can't go wrongwith either one.
So.... Went to Vegas this past October and had a bad flight experience getting there and my wife heard about this place having some sort of $17 million buffet and I was already feeling down, so what better way to drown your sorrows but by stuffing your face!!! We paid about $40 per person and the line was extensive, but surely worth the wait. You pay first and you can also tip first too, I tipped first because I felt like it would bring better service since they stamp "Tipped" on your ticket. Then you go into the restuarant and just like everything else in Vegas this place is huge,sparkling,flashy, and raises the bar. Now they have just about, no wait, they do have EVERYTHING you could think about eating here! Any and all ethnic groups are represented in this place and the wait staff stays up with you making you feel like you are a Vegas baller! This will be a definite stop when we are in LV, for sure!!
Best buffet in Vegas?  Probably.  It's either here or Wicked Spoon.  . Most expensive buffet?  Probably.  We paid $50 for Sunday lunch on Memorial day weekend.  With the 18% gratuity and tax, it came to $63.  That's one expensive ass buffet.. Longest wait for a buffet?  YES.  We came here for Christmas and it was a 4 hour wait.  When we came back for Memorial day, it was about a 1.5 hour wait before being seated.. . So for an expensive buffet, what's good?  The quality of the food was high.  Everything I had from the sushi, fried clam strips, crab legs, shrimp cocktail were all fresh.  They have lots of smaller plates to give you a good sampling and variety of items.  The servers were very friendly and quick to clean out any dirty plates.  They have a made to order ramen/pho/udon area.. . But you know what really bothered me about the buffet?  There was line at each station to get food.  At the carving station, the line was ridiculous.  10-15 minutes to get food.  For some reason it bothered the hell out of me and I just kept going to less popular stations because of it.  The station line and cost knocked it down a star for me.. . Tip: If you have a total rewards player card, you save a dollar on your buffet.  And if you're platinum level or above, there's a separate line for you so it's a short wait.  If you're like me, you're going to wait a long time and be a lot more broke.  So eat up.
I'm not the biggest fan of buffets but my mom raved about this place after she came back from her Christmas trip so when I headed down to Vegas in March, I had to see how good this place really was for $50/person and the three hour wait. . . My boyfriend and I got to Bacchanal around 5 and saw that the line was already wrapped around a couple times. A few people ahead of us said that they hadn't moved since they had got there an hour and a half ago so we decided to just pay the $15/person and skip to the express line. We still had to wait about 30 mins which was sort of ridiculous since we paid close to $200 for two people. . . The buffet is new so the decor and ambiance was nice. The way the stations for food were set up was also great. The seafood area had the longest line but you could see that the food was fresh. They chucked oysters in front of you and constantly replaced the crab legs. . . There is also an American section, Mexican section, Italian section and a Chinese section way in the back.. . Their dessert area was the best! Lots of gelato flavors to choose from, wide selection of cakes, cookies, and even ice cream mochi. The secret though is to get their made-to-order souffles.
Solid 4 star buffet. My friends and I were in Vegas for a our friend's going away celebration. We do Vegas every summer so I guess you can say this was our kick off to summer event as well. We were walking around the Shops at the Forum when we got hungry. Totally came here by accident. Didn't even know CP had a buffet. This place must be fairly new. Boy are we glad we came here for lunch!. . Highlights. - Fresh Juices: cucumber, orange, melon just to name a few. All pressed through the juicer.. - Nice set up for the foods. Variety of foods from countries such as Asia, Mexico and the US. Just how most buffets are set up. - Little Fry Baskets: they had little fry baskets filled with finger foods such as: buffalo wings, sweet potato fries and even chicken and waffles!. - Desserts. Everything from cookies, cakes, pies, gelato and even those fancy macaroon things! . . Servers were pretty friendly. Price was around 40+ including tip but that's expected when you go to Vegas. . . I would actually say this is one of the top 3 buffets in Vegas on my list.
This is by far the best $50 I've ever spent on a buffet in Vegas. The selection of food, desserts, and unlimited mimosas make me want to come back to Vegas just for this place. . . Here are a number of things I thoroughly enjoyed during my three hour stay:. 1) King Crab Legs - you can get them steamed, just ask the chef. Additionally the seafood bar comes with a number of sauces you can dip this in. 2) Mussels, Clams, and unlimited oysters (dinner time) - can't go wrong with anything in the seafood section. 3) Sushi - great quality and selection is different from what other buffets serve. 4) Manchego cheese - delicious!. 5) Mochi ice cream - served during dinner time, multiple flavors and can't go wrong! Taste is similar to what I've had a numerous Japanese restaurants. . . ...Ok so I honestly cannot remember what else was good but you cannot go wrong with this place! I'll be back at the end of the month :). . Additionally, they automatically charge gratuity if you're planning to sit 8 people or more together, I suggest splitting your group up into 4 maximum people to get seated faster.. . On a last note, why 4 stars since I raved about it so much? Because my only complaint is the servers. They took forever to get our drinks and our table had to ask multiple times..but it's only because they seemed understaffed that day.
Amazing selection of food and great atmosphere.  Largest buffet I've ver seen.  The dessert part was my favorite.  Huge selection of sweet goodies.  Gave it four stars instead of I've or 2 reasons.  #1 - Cost, $46 per person.  Seems a tad steep to me.  #2 - some of the food was crap.  Slider buns were hard and the boiled shrimp was dry and horrible.
This past weekend was my second time trying Bacchanal, and this time I felt that it was even better for lunch than it was for dinner my first time around.. . First off, this buffet is not cheap. Be prepared to drop $40 (with Total Rewards card) just for lunch, and upwards of $50 for dinner.. . My friends and I lined up around 11:35 AM and there was only a short wait of about 10 minutes. It was not long before we sat down and were approached by a server for drinks. During Brunch they also serve unlimited mimosas (kind of strong per my friends btw so you may need to dilute it with their tropical/orange juice offerings) If you don't want to pay the dinner price, get yourself in line well before 2:30 PM.. . The choices at Bacchanal outdo any other buffet out in Vegas, which includes Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon, and M. Items do not sit around long before being replaced with freshly made food.. . I can't eat seafood, but they offer mounds of shell-less large shrimp, mussels, and King Crab legs (steamed on request). . Their carving station includes slow roast prime rib, smoked brisket, various sausages, honey ham, bacon, and sometimes tomahawk ribeye (though this last option might only be for dinner). This is the most popular station in the Buffet so be prepared to wait some time as there is only one (albeit very friendly) staff member doing the carving.. . Dessert was probably the most disappointing to me. M buffet had a better selection of gelato and sugary offerings, and the creme brulee here is nothing short of disappointing. Sad really. This buffet could easily be 5-stars if their dessert got some work.. . That being said, they do have a tasty Strawberry Sorbet and my friends have mentioned the Pistachio was delicious as well.. . I can't comment on the salad/Mexican/Italian/cheese stations as I don't care for those but the Asian section actually has roast Chinese duck!!! I probably ate a good 2 pounds of this on top of what I already ate. It tastes almost as good, if not the same as the stuff you get from Sam Woo BBQ so this is a major plus in my book.. . Other things I really liked: sliders, corn on the cob, sweet-potato tater tots (it's like candy!), chicken-mango sausage, prime rib. . I was very pleasantly surprised by my second visit here and so were my friends. I will definitely take my parents here the next time I am in Vegas (which shouldn't be too long).
Get smaller portions and share with friends so you can try everything. Cake pops are the best.
Baachanal buffet, suppose to be the best or #1 in vegas, hum ma nay.... The price- $52 a person+ tips. Good selection of food, from salads to cheese, pizza to pho and ramen, to prime ribs, dim sum, and of course seafood- shrimps, mussels, oysters, and king crab legs. Oh, and of course, there's plentiful of desserts. My favorite part of this buffet is the lamb shank, something about it, extremely delicious, not gammy. The seafood is alright, there's some good string beans, calamari, sushi and even poke! The spicy sausage is alright, but the freshly made street style tacos are quite amazing. Another must if you're visiting is the freshly made crepe! You technicly do it yourself, add toppings and flavors and fruits, they just give you the wrap itself. Get the caramel bananas, add lots of nutella and some whip cream, you're good to go. They have butter caramel gelato, yummy...the pork ribs are pretty good too, plenty of fat though, the prime rib, well the lady behind the counter gave us a small slice that's fully cooked, very disappointing as someone in front of us got a very nice piece. Overall for 52$, it's just ok, good to try once but people tend to over consume at buffet, which doesnt sit well. Maybe it's best to go for a lower cost if you can.
Wow, this was decadent. Everything was delicious. Great variety (pho! are you kidding me!?!?!). And although it may seem pricey, for Vegas (and for the quality) it's actually a great deal.
I visited Bacchanal over Memorial weekend and found the lines to get food were quite long. This was a good buffet, among the best in Las Vegas, such as the Wynn and Wicked Spoon. The decor was cute. After reading such great reviews, I expected a lot more. It didn't blow my socks off, but I thought it wasn't bad. One thing I definitely crave from here are the glazed sweet potato tots.
I finallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy got to try Bacchanal's dinner and it was amazing! But please consider that I got in Bacchanal at 2:50 pm (10 minutes before dinner time!) so I got in for the price of lunch and ate dinner menus. :D. . Also, there was hardly any line to get in to Bacchanal because it was Tuesday afternoon after MDW (everyone left by Monday!) and there weren't many peopleleft in Vegas. If there is no line outside, there's going to be hardly any line inside too when you're waiting to get your grub on those steamed king crab legs, oysters, prime rib, and moar. Literally there were only like 6 people in front of me everytime I wanted to grab some seafood so the wait time was extremely short! Short wait time = happy lisa!. . Anyway let's get down to the nitty gritty details. Unlike brunch menu, dinner had a lot more to offer but I mainly focused on their seafood items. The steamed king crab legs were great--I can taste the sweetness of the crab and the crab meat was so meaty yet moist. I ate a whole plate full of crab legs to myself! Their oysters are probably one of the best I've eaten at a buffet. Totally beats M Hotel's Studio B buffet oysters that are greyish-black and.. questionable. I also tried their seafood paella which was just good--never had real paella so can't be the judge of it. The steamed shrimp thing was okay, would much rather eat the crabs and oysters.. . I also tried pasta which was super good and had some creme brulee for dessert. I overly stuffed myself with seafood so couldn't venture to try out more of their menu but will save it for next time!. . Warning: I wouldn't have enjoyed their buffet as much if I had to wait in line for 3 hrs to get in and also wait in line everytime I wanted to grab a plate of food. I think Bacchanal is only noteworthy when you can go during the weekday or slow days!
After the 4 hour drive from OC, we hit up this buffet to refuel. We arrived on a Tue so it wasn't busy and we got in right before 3pm so we got the lunch price. Score! The restaurant itself is very open, modern, light and clean. Our first server seemed horrified we brought our toddler but then he was quickly replaced by Rosa, who was very friendly and attentive. They have seafood, BBQ, comfort foods, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, and Japanese - maybe a few others that I may have missed. They have this Asian soup bar with pho, ramen and something else, but that was pretty cool. They even have congee! I actually think the quantity of stations was a lot less than other high profile buffets like Wynn or Bellagio. However, I thought the food quality was pretty good. I especially like the Mexican dishes. My least favorite was the dessert section! It has the impressive display of less than stellar tasting desserts. They did have gelato, mochi, cookies, macarons, etc. They have custom crepes and souffles. I enjoyed the warm chocolate chip cookie and warm chocolate lava cake ramekins the most. I think it's worth going for the lunch prices for sure, especially if you love seafood, they have yummy crab legs, oysters and shrimp!
Yikes the price was $45 per person today on Saturday. So expectations were high. The selection is quite large and amazing. I was very impressed.. . However, the prime rib was a bit over cooked and tasted more like roast beef than prime rib.. . The truffle potatoes au gratin were pretty good.. . Nothing really stood out and wowed me. But solid food. I did like it more than the Wynn Buffet.
This was pretty good for dinner.  The desserts were awesome especially the french macrons and ice cream mochi!  Prime rib, short ribs, fish and sooo on...really was a lot to pick from.  They have a suggested 2 hr limit so couldnt try everything.
Came here for dinner! The food was really good, and worth the splurge. It has a huge selection of food, with highlights from each station that I will always remember!. . I loved:. . - The oyster shooters and seafood gazpacho! They were super refreshing, especially coming in from the 100+ summer weather. . - Lobster chowder. - Lamb chop: At first I didn't see it at the carving station, because it was put behind the sausages, but once I found it, it quickly became my favorite meat! It was cooked to a medium rare, and super tender. Made the whole meal worth it!. - Meatballs: They're in the pasta station. Nice and big, juicy and soft. Delicious! :). - Potatoes Gratin. . The only negative thing that I have to say is that I didn't think any of the desserts were spectacular, or very memorable. They have a huge selection, but most of it was too sweet or not light enough for a post-buffet meal. My favorite thing at the dessert station was definitely the Watermelon-mint sorbet, which was the most light and refreshing thing there! . . That being said, the food itself made the $55 worth it.
Giving it four stars because it truly is the best buffet in Vegas.  However, as far as the food goes, you can definitely get better at a nice regular restaurant for the same price.  It's just better quality food than other buffets.  The selection is not more widely varied at all.  I would say that the amount of choices offered are pretty comparable to the buffet at Bellagio.  . . We went early (4:30 p.m.) on a Thursday and there were only two tables ahead of us.  The service was so-so, and it took way too long to clear dirty plates which is not acceptable when they aren't even half full.  I noticed that it did get considerably busier as we were leaving.. . I would have to think about going back next time we're in Vegas.  For $50 plus cost of alcohol, it's one of the pricier buffets in Vegas for sure.
Great variety and well worth the $50 dollars.. I would say it's on par with Wicken Spoon.  It actually might be better due to their fresh oyster bar and hot/cold king crab/snow crab selection.. I was impressed with their noodle section, serving both ramen and pho. . Try to go therearound 3:30pm to avoid huge lines.. Also, ask for the tables in the back, noticed how spacious it was compared to the other dining area.  Enjoy!
I have mixed feelings. Was it expensive? Yeah, but what can you expect from a Vegas buffet. Was there a line? Yeah, so what. Was the food amazing? YES. I still have dreams about those crab legs (get them steamed, and they're already cut in half for you). The first time i had the rib-eye steak i was in heaven, perfectly cooked and juicy. The second time however it seemed like it was hardly cooked at all, i get that most people like medium rare but I'm more of a medium guy, so to each their own. The sushi was rather disappointing, not enough selection and not tasty. Overall I thought everything I tried was good, if maybe a little over hyped.
Came here on a Tuesday night. Wait was less than an hour and got in pretty fast. The food this time wasn't as good as my first experience. . . The crabs were so small, the prime rib was extremely salty, and the sashimi was just ok.. . The good part was the cocktail shrimps, they were delicious. The dessert was also very good and our server was amazing. Other than that I hope this is just a one time blip and notsomething that I've noticed other buffets following the trend of bad quality.
Food-wise, this place is awesome and tops my fave buffet list, knocking Wicked Spoon out of the top spot.  I loved their Asian section and almost everything we had was delicious.  The peach lemonade also hit the spot, adding some more calories to the mix!. . Quick tips:. - Sign up for a Total Rewards account and you get a $1 off the buffet price.. - Go about an hour before the food prices switch from lunch to dinner.  You'll pay about $10 less and after a while, they'll start switching things over to dinner time menu!. - Go in the Caesars Palace front lobby/check-in entrance to find this place.  If you try to find Bacchanal from the Forum Shops, you will walk for approximately a million miles and need to hire a sherpa to lead the way, since Caesars doesn't have any signage leading to it along the way!. . Food list, from what we could remember:. Asian section: Young Chow fried rice, ma po tofu (no pork), lo mein with chicken, king pow chicken, soup dumplings, deep fried dumplings (gyoza), spring rolls, steamed BBQ pork buns, spicy fish, blackened chicken soup, miso soup, hot and sour soup, edamame, seaweed salad, marinated shrimp with cucumbers, spicy tuna roll, California roll, shrimp tempura roll, salmon and tuna sushi, made to order ramen, pho, or udon.. . Small salad bar (SKIP, duh). . Italian section: Sliced salami and other meats and cheeses, variety of pizzas, garlic bread knots, meatballs, penne a la vodka, vegetable pasta, individual lasagna dishes.. . Mexican station: At least 10 types of salsas and guacamole, refried beans and chips, pulled chicken in salsa verde, made to order mini steak or pork tacos (pork taco not tasty), Mexican rice.. . 4 kinds of soup including clam chowder, cream of mushroom.  Assorted breads and rolls.. . BBQ/American section: Coleslaw and other cold salads, corn on the cob, Mac and cheese, baked beans, 4 kinds of sausage, ribs, ham, brisket, corn dogs, waffle fries, mini sliders (no good), normal tater tots, sweet potato tater tots, truffle potatoes Au gratin, fried chicken and sweet potato fries.. . Seafood section: Shrimp and grits, mussels pot, clambake, shrimp cocktail, crab legs (split in half), ceviche (dinner only), oysters (dinner only).. . Desserts - gelato and sorbet, lots of cakes, warm chocolate cookie, molten lava cake, at dinner they added chocolate covered strawberries, mochi balls, gelato, macaroons, crepes with fillings bar, chocolate mousse lollipops and strawberry cheesecake lollipops.. . If you go at weekend brunch, the price includes unlimited mimosas.. . Complaints:. - The price is like whoa, crazy.  I guess if this is your one meal for the day, it's reasonable.  I don't know if they can justify a $10+ premium on Wicked Spoon, although they have a wider selection.. - FOODS ARE NOT LABELED.  There are some sections with a half-assed attempt, but most of the things just flat-out aren't even labeled.  For example, 4 types of soup - not a single label.  This is just stupid.. - The layout/design of certain sections are also stupid.  The designer should be forced to go through the buffet and see what kind of contortionist positions are required for some of the serving areas, like the soup, which has a comically oversized ladle and a shelf right above the soup tureens, so there's no logical way to get soup easily without spilling half of it on the counter - fun!  All the sauces for the meats are at the front of the carving station, so you have to backtrack to put sauce on meats after you've gotten yours carved.  Same with a backwards setup on the seafood.  Hire someone with half a brain to re-arrange things!
I think the best buffet I've had in Vegas so far. Spendy, but worth it.
tl;dr hot new buffet, ask for crab legs steamed. . It seems like every year, there's a bigger and better buffet in town. This is the year of Bacchanal. Luckily, we arrived early enough on Saturday to avoid any sort of line. Almost two hours later, the line appeared to be a 45 minute wait. . . Brunch automatically includes mimosa, which I thought was strange. But since I paid for it, I suppose there's nothing wrong with drinking at 11am in the morning. This is Vegas afterall right?. . Other buffets I've been to repeat their food items, either for lack of creativieness or to avoid congestion. As our host lead our party to our table, I noticed that nothing ever repeated. The food options stretched beyond what I could see. I continued to eyeball where along the buffet I should start until we were abruptly welcomed by the gentleman at the carving station. How nice I thought to myself until he started with the Ni Hao. That was just weird.. . The wide array of food left me satisfied beyond stomach capacity. Instead of this being brunch, I treated it like a cheaper version of dinner. Though annoying at the time, the presentation (small amounts of food on dishes larger than they needed to be) helped me to avoid eating until barfing. Bathrooms are right outside the main entrance just in case.. . Tip: Ask for your crab legs steamed!
Come here on a weekday/during downtime: easily 4-5 stars. Come here during the weekend/rush: dips below 3 stars. . . Bacchanal was AMAZING when we first tried it on a Thursday morning. There was no line at the entrance. No wait at any of the stations. Top notch service from the servers. And an endless supply of edible tid-bits from nearly every culture. I seriously thought I died and went to heaven. This place had it all...fresh nigiri, authentic pho, Chinese blacken chicken soup that tastes homemade, fried chicken that was just so nom, phenomenal sweet potato tots and fries, even better parmesan tots, vanilla infused honey, more salami than I knew existed, quality fresh oysters...shall I go on or are you convinced that this place is heaven? Okay one more...their xiao long bao tastes legit, with soup inside and everything! They even have red vinegar for you to dip in! . . I just wish this place wasn't so popular during the weekends because it gets irritatingly packed and there is a friggin line for EVERYTHING! In summary, the food runs out, what's left looks old, food selection diminishes, food quality deteriorates, lines get in the way, people get in the way, stress everywhere! . . So if you want to truly enjoy a top notch buffet, please come here during off hours. If you want to have one of the most stressful eating experiences of your life with mediocre food, by all means, come and see the madness during peak hours.
All for the price of a little under $50:. . - Seafood station. Spent most of my time here because, well, why wouldn't you?. . - American station. Great tater tots and sliders.. . - Asian station. Not terrible, but nothing exciting. They do have kalbi (Korean short ribs), which is appreciated.. . - Italian station. Great pastas, decent pizzas!. . Wish they had more salad options as my stomach was not too happy the day that I went, but yes, I would go back. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
Went here for dinner and the price was around $55 w tax per person.  It's pricey but I would pay the extra $16 compared to the buffet at MGM.  They have a great meat selection, brisket, ribs, prime rib, sausage and more. All of it was very tender, no tough chews.   They have oysters but they weren't tasty at all.  I say it's worth a try if you been to the Bellagio or Wynn already.  If you haven't I would just go pick the lowest price one out of the three for dinner.  Bellagio for sure for lunch.
Let's face it, there are a lot of buffets in Las Vegas.  I've been to several of them and by far this is the best buffet I've ever been to.  I used to frequent the Bellagio buffet when I would visit Vegas.  Now that I've been here, I'm sure this will be my new go-to Vegas buffet.  . . Similar to other buffets, they separate everything by cuisine/type: Asian (mostly Japanese, Chinese, and Korean), Italian (charcuterie, pasta, pizza), American (ribs, burgers, fries, etc.), seafood, salad bar, brunch food, and dessert.  The portions are smaller than most buffets, which I really enjoy because it gives you the opportunity to try more food without feeling guilty about wasting anything.  Most of the small plates also come in mini containers.  The sweet potato tater tots come in miniature fryer baskets, the yogurt parfaits come in small Mason jars, and the Shanghai dumplings come in miniature bamboo steamers.  They were so cute I was tempted to steal them, but didn't of course.  Dessert is my kryptonite and their dessert section is awesome.  They have crepes made to order, gelato, cookies, pastries, and pies.. . Lunch is about $45 with tax.  We ended up going on Saturday around 11:30 am, which seemed like a good time.  The line was surprisingly short.  They start serving dinner at 3 pm, so if you're really hungry and/or feeling really glutinous, you can try coming a bit later and eating both lunch and dinner, but the line will probably be longer at that time.  . . Just a tip: they won't seat you until your entire party is available.  We were waiting for my friend and her family who were running late and we had to wait on the side until they arrived.  The hostess mentioned they do this because some people will say that someone is coming, but they won't show up for another 1-2 hours which holds up the entire table.  This makes sense if they profit from table turnover.  After waiting a good 15-20 minutes for my friend and her family to arrive, the hostess decided to go ahead and seat us.  I'm assuming this was an act of kindness and definitely an exception to the rule.  Their waiting service was also really great.  My friend's daughter was not feeling well, and sadly enough ended up throwing up on herself and the chair she was sitting on (not because of the food, but from a previous sickness).  I thought the waitress would be upset, but instead she was very comforting and gave us wet towels to clean up the mess and a new clean chair for her to sit on.   . . Out of restaurants in general, I give Bacchanal a 4 out of 5.  Out of buffets I definitely would give it a 5 out of 5 because the quality was great for food that is made in mass production.  I definitely would visit again, but maybe wear Spandex so I can eat more.
The selection is not as many as I have expected. The plastic lobsters are for display only. The pasta is very salty and the Chinese BBQ dishes look scary. The desserts are top notched so there are extra points for that.
After reading the amazing yelp reviews had to try this hot new Buffett. After trying wicked spoon on my last Vegas trip the bar was set pretty high.. . Bacchanal made wicked spoon like a shack. The sheer size of this place is amazing. I would for sure check out the build your own taco station as well as the seafood section. Price is a little on the high side but the meal was well worth it. Will be back again soon!
just cause the macarons, but the macarons are not that good :(
Eclectic selection. Crowded room. Overwhelming experience.. . Ambience: 7. Food Quality: 8. Selection: 8. Service: 5. . I'm the type to try a little of everything.  Buffets are my forte, but when I entered the bright and light entry way of this buffet, I was sure I was in for a challenge.  You're greeted with the seafood section to your left followed by the meats (line gets pretty long past 6), then the Mexican section (with a bar dedicated towards sauces).  You think that's it, but turn the corner left and you're greeted with the Italian and Asian cuisines.  . . Favorite dish was the sea bass, crisp glaze on the top and entirely soft and melty once you bite in.  The meats (veal, lamb chops, prime rib, ribeye, etc.) were amazing as well: juicy and warm.  Seafood was great, though the jumbo prawns were tasteless and the oysters didn't quite have that fresh sea taste found at other places in Vegas.  Asian food was there, though nothing exciting (as it was placed at the back portion of the restaurant).  Quality was a bit lacking at that point (kung pao, sukiyaki, and beef were a bit salty and dim sum was a bit hard (perhaps from standing too long out on the trays)).  They did have sushi, though (maguro, salmon, ebi, and 3 or 4 other rolls), which were generally fresh (these were the hottest items gone from the Asian section).  My weakness is definitely fried food, and in this regard, Bacchanal delivered.  Fried chicken, fried sweet potatoes, fried calamari...all crisp and juicy, especially with the right sauces.  . . Unfortunately, by the time dessert rolled around, my stomach was at the brink of explosion, so...I ended up getting the flan, which was average.  I started the dinner with a chocolate macaroon, which I believe was transferred from the bakery across the buffet, and it was awesome (all-you-can eat macaroons, yum yum).  The desserts island is definitely one of the main selling points for Bacchanal. . . Service could have been better.  Their busy, I understand, but it seemed like no one really enjoyed their jobs.  Plates were taken about 2-3 minutes after you finished, so pretty fast.  But ordering new drinks and such took a little longer (6-10 minutes).  . . Advice: If you're looking for great quality food and you're with a party that can't make up their mind (and you have a little extra money to spend), by all means, Bacchanal is the place for you.  But if you're stomach is small and you like to be a little more discrete with your tastes, this place might not be worth the money (at $45.00 per person for Thursday dinner). Desserts are the bomb, however. If you're comparing with Cosmo's buffet, Wicked Spoon has a smaller selection but packs a certain edge that gives more flavor to the food there.  But Bacchanal still serves quite a feast.. . Long live Caesar.
We went for brunch on a recent Sunday.  The line was only about 20 minutes (arrived around 11am), surprisingly enough.. . The food was mostly hit with a few misses (the crab legs, for one - super dry).  Semi-DIY crepes were fun and delicious.  They were constantly out of the red velvet pancakes so I didn't get to try them.. . My only complaint is that at $46, the price is STEEP especially given that you have no choice between champagne or no champagne.  Other buffets are $10+ less if you don't spring for the alcohol, and I wasn't drinking that weekend, so I was stuck having to pay for unlimited mimosas that I couldn't drink.  Boo on that.
So its $46 for Mon to thurs. $55 for Fri to sun. Great newplace. Everything tastes top notch. Cons: There are lines to get the good meat and for seafood. Pros: This is worth the largest selection of food in Vegas. Cons: But I would say, wynn is good enough at a lower price for the crab legs. The crab legs were falling apart at bacchanal. Pros: u can get a souffle made in ten min. It's really good if they don't over bake it. There's macaroons, gelato, mochi which are the 4 best desserts.  The gelatin tho is better tasting at the wynn.
So close to getting a 5* recommendation from me.  Finally tried Vegas's newest gourmet dining buffet, and I definitely loved it.  The dishes were amazing, but for some reason I still like Wicked Spoon better.. . That being said, I did have an amazing customer service experience.  I tried a piece of a square pizza that turned out to be amazing.  Went to get more at the end of my meal, and was told it was the chef's specialty.  I chatted with him and he said he'd make me a "personal pizza."  15 minutes later I came back to a HUGE pizza just for me.  It was blue cheese, prosciutto, and another meet I'm forgetting.  Go to the Italian station and ask for "Tony Gets" and have him make you this masterpiece!
The newest big budget buffet in Las Vegas and it is as good as buffet's get. Pretty much tried as much as my stomach can take. I would say 80% of the food that I tried was good to great, which is a big fat B in the yelp report card.
Heard this was the #1 buffet in Vegas. The main draw of this place are its snow crab legs which were pretty good albeit skinny :P. The last time I was in vegas, The Bellagio had a similar buffet serving the same items for $35-$40 I believe(?) This place was $50.. . 3.5 stars, but rounded up.
Platinum skips line!. Pricey, but good. Overate. . Clogged my back canal.
This buffet has tons of options and a lot of variety.  I wouldn't say every dish is totally delicious and some are just so-so, but the things I like to eat, they do well.  And I just love the idea of variety and I think the ambiance is nice.  I'm generally not a huge buffet fan, but with so many crab legs and dessert, and some pretty decent ramen, soups, potato, and noodle dishes I always leave really satisfied.  It's not cheap, so come hungry but be prepared to eat everything!
I'll give you a little guided tour of the buffet... . Food: 4/5. Meat Station:. Hm...maybe they were off at the meat counter?  I gave their prime rib a try, and it was really dry and tough.  I had to literally cut away the edges to really enjoy the juicy portion of the meat (which was medium).  The meat station was certainly overwhelming.  All types of sausages, poultry, and red meat. I simply got full by glimpsing at the counter.  LOL... honestly, I am not a carnivore, but other patrons seemed to have enjoyed the meat station, since it always had a line.. . Asian Stations (actually more like Chinese & Japanese):. The Chinese station was filled with dim sum (XLB, sticky rice, chow mein, fried rice, preserved duck egg and pork congee, cruellers (aka Chinese Donuts), blacken chicken ginseng soup (in claypots), cha siu (BBQ pork ribs), and a noodle station (Udon, wonton, & pho). Since I live in SGV and am Chinese, the dim sum didn't look very appetizing to me, but what WAS impressive was their blacken chicken ginseng soup. It tasted homemade and authentic (just like how mom makes it)!  Even my mom went and got seconds...so that says a lot.. . Sushi Station:. Not many options, so if you're the type who goes directly to the sushi section in a buffet, you'll be disappointed.  They had salmon, shrimp, and tuna nigiri, a couple rolls, and Japanese seaweed. Yep, that's all folks.  Quality was good, but just not much to choose from.. . What really bothered me was how some people had the nerve to pick off the fish from the nigiri, leaving just the ball of rice lying on the serving platter. It's not only classless, but it's a waste of food. The rice to fish proportion was good...seriously... the amount of rice was no more than a pinky size. So do yourself and the rest of us a favor (and maybe gather some good Karma), pick up your own "reject" rice balls and take it with you, please.  Ugh....people these days!. . Italian/ European Station:. Pasta, pasta, and more pasta. The portion sizes were doable, since they serve them in individual baked plates. The lasagna looked good, but I didn't have any myself.  I'd probably fill up with just that, and with the price that we had paid, I decided to stick with the other food options.. . Fine cheeses and deli meat was wonderful...quality was good, and the deli counter was barely keeping up with the demand..... . Latin & Central America Station (least busiest station). They had pasole (sp?), rice and beans, and ceviche. When dinner time came, the taco (freshly made upon ordering) station began serving al pastor, carne asada, and other meats you would usually have in a taco.. . American Station:. Fried food in their own frying basket. Had their fried chicken, which was well seasoned and moist...the sweet potato fries had better days. It was bedding for the fried chicken, and it had gotten all soggy by the time I got to them. If it was crispier, the fries would have been perfect! They also served sliders, which I heard were good and juicy.  The mac & cheese was really popular, but again, I didn't have any myself. . . There was a TRUFFLED POTATO GRATIN dish which was my FAVORITE.  The serving size was small (appetizer-like), but it certainly was jam packed with great flavors...creamy, savory, and with a nice crusted/crispy top! Too bad I had this towards the end of my meal, otherwise I would have had more... SIGH..... . Seafood Station. The had clam bake, lobster chowder (with bacon bits), seafood paella, jumbo shrimp cocktail, and raw oysters.  I only had their oysters, and boy, were they GOOD!  With a squeeze of lemon juice and pinch of grated fresh horseradish, I was in BIVALVE HEAVEN. The oysters go quick, so be sure to stand guard when the next batch gets loaded on the ice.  =). . Juice Station:. I had their orange juice, but they also served watermelon, cucumber, and carrot juice, too.  The juice tasted freshly squeezed, although I saw the workers pouring them from gallon sized containers... As long as it tastes freshly squeezed, it's good enough for me.. . Dessert Station:. Hm...I was literally circling this station like a shark around its prey.  Actually I was waiting for their churros (filled with vanilla cream), I finally gave up and settled for their velvet miniature cake and raspberry mouse cup.  Both were very decadent, but perfectly sweetened.  The gelato  and crepe making station was busy, but I couldn't eat anymore...so I simply let my eyes feast on the options.. . Service: 5/5. Great service, and attentive. The waitress and her helper would check up on us, and our plates were cleared on a regular basis.  I cannot understand how people who eat a lot (I mean, 10 plates for 2 people) actually have the nerve to leave $1 as a tip. REALLY PEOPLE? UGH... If you can afford to spend $37 on a meal, at least give a decent tip for the person clearing your table.. . Final Verdict: . I'd come here again if there's enough interest from the gang. But I'd rather spend that money on another extravagant Vegas buffet.
I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food.  IKEA tables.  So why review Bacchanal?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.. . I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  Bacchanal is the only buffet I've ever enjoyed.  The line moved quickly.  The food was fantastic (the brisket was the highlight).  The decor was decent... for a buffet.  Would I go back?  Yes.
I will readily admit that I'm not normally a "buffet" person.  I tend to feel it's a lot of sub-good food and I don't generally feel terribly awesome after eating at one. . . Went to Bacchanal for dinner with family who were down on vacation and really wanted to go, and everyone had a pretty darn good time.. . Pros: . - Almost everything was at least good, and a few items were downright great. Namely: The onion rings; crispy, hot, salty, and a little bit spicy, the fried chicken, which was damn near perfect, the peach brisket, the meat and cheese section, and several of the deserts.. - The desert variety is diabetes provoking. I got one of everything, since they are only one or two bites, and was just a horrible person that lets children starve in africa, and didn't eat more than one bite of anything I didn't LOVE.. - Did I mention the cured meat and cheese section? that was awesome.. - I did not feel awful after eating here. I did have a "wow I haven't eaten that much sugar since I was 9 at halloween" buzz going, but that was my own damn fault.. . Cons:. - Price. Ooof. Not sure that was worth it, but it was definitely part attraction and fun for the family. Wouldn't go with just the two of us on a weeknight or anything.. - Dat LINE. Holy COW that was a long wait for what the buffet ended up being. We were in line almost as long as we ate. . . Overall:Too spendy for frequent returns, not fabulous enough to come back as a "special occasion" dinner. Will probably return with out of town family/friends who want to do the buffet-as-tourist-attraction.
I am not a buffet kind of person but this place was worth the effort. . . Sidenote: I didn't like the long wait or the price. We waited 2 hours and due to the holiday weekend the prices were ridiculous. We had bought the 24 hour buffet pass (which was also hiked up because of the holiday) but to get in to this buffet it was an additional $25 for dinner. . . I enjoyed the modern design of the place - it made you feel like you weren't at a buffet and the food was exceptional. Personally, seafood is the only thing that makes buffets worth going to and they had a great spread. Steamed or on ice, they had crab legs already conveniently cut open for you, oysters, oyster shooters, shrimp, seafood pasta, sashimi, etc. Amazing.. . Staff was very helpful too. . . For dessert, I had some of the macarons (green ones were the best) and the mango chile lime sorbet (sooo good).
Pricey, but in terms of food quality, this buffet is great compared to the others.  When we went this 4th of July weekend, food didn't sit long under heat lamps like they do at some other buffets.  Even comfort food items, like mashed potatoes/macaroni and cheese I could tell were prepared with better ingredients.  . . Crab legs were pre-cut in half.  I normally don't enjoy crab at buffets, but at Bacchanal it was actually yummy.. . Selection is very plentiful and the desserts were great!  The gelato flavors were yummy too!  I recommend going during off peak hours so that waiting in line doesn't take away from the experience.  By the time we were finished eating and walked out of the buffet, the line was insane!
The biggest buzz...i get that there are many different buffets and i get that not everything that glitters is gold...This place does satisfy the appetite of the tourists. But i don't know if it stands out as much.... . we saw crab legs, oysters, asian cuisines, italian, mexican, etc.... a whole island of desserts.. . I feel like wicked spoon was more impressive.
The wait is long... so don't comehere NOT expecting to wait. If you are impatient, ask your friends to line up for you... that's what I did =). . The selection of food was good. American, japanese, Chinese, italian, meat, seafood, desert... its a buffet, the more variety the better. The quality of the food is definitely better than your average vegas buffets. Many of my friends choose this over the other ones. I don't go buffets much but I can say I will for sure come back next time... and have my friends wait for me LOL jp
What's a trip to Las Vegas without experiencing a buffet?  Hearing great things about the Caesar's Buffet, we decided to give it a try.  We arrived at 5 pm to beat the rush.  Most items, were well-stocked, however many were lukewarm.  As the restaurant became busier, food became hotter and fresher.. . Overall food presentation was nice.  I enjoy the small plates, which helps me control my portions and try many different items.  They were especially slow to refill the oysters, which I found annoying.  I stopped by a couple of times and saw an empty tray.  I wish they had different seasoning options for the crab legs, not just the standard cocktail sauce and butter.  The mini sliders were tasty, and the black chicken soup hit the spot when it was served hot.  . . Service was ok.  Our waitress was MIA at the beginning of the meal, but service improved through out the meal.. . Overall a good experience and value at $40/person.
The last time I came to Vegas this place was still being remodeled and a few months from opening. So during our recent vacation trip to Utah over the 4th of July weekend, I made sure to add Vegas to our Itinerary and pay homage to Bacchanal.. . As a frequent gambler, I always make sure to take advantage of the Casino comps, especially Caesar's total rewards program. Membership does have its advantage and rewards. I was able to avoid the general line and go to the diamond and seven stars member line without waiting, avoiding the 40-60 minute wait. Without it I suggest getting here 1 hour early before the lunch time or dinner rush hours.. . Like most of the high end buffet places in Vegas, expect to pay around $40-$50. Sure you can go elsewhere, but I can assure your $50 buffet price of admission and food indulgence at Bacchanal will be memorable and delicious. For an even better deal upgrade to 24hr Buffet of Buffets for an additional $25 more and a great value.. . Typical of most buffet style restaurants atmosphere is bustling. The decor inside is eclectic and modern including chic dessert section. The ceiling is actually surrounded and framed in unique glass pattern which is very inspiring and beautiful.. . As for the food, there buffets has one of the largest and freshest selections of food in town. Make sure to pace yourself and take small bites or taste to truly enjoy all that Bacchanal has to offer. Everything is set up in stations that represent different styles of cuisine and offerings - Meat, seafood, desserts, Italian, fried foods, Mexican, Japanese and Asian.. . Seafood -. * Snow king crab legs - cold and heated options. Meat was a bit skimpy, but at least they were served in half allowing easy access.. * Jumbo shrimps - huge size and more like prawns.. * Clam bake - comes in cute little baskets - filled with clams, sausages and corn.. * Ceviche - raw fish served in a small shot glass and marinated in lime juice, onions, cilantro and avocado - delicious and refreshing.. * Salmon with cherry tomato - so tender and flavorful.. * Bouchot mussels - white wine sauce, parsley, and served sourdough crostini was fabulous.. . Asian Food - Vast choices and selections that will make you feel that you're in Chinatown and Little Tokyo. The Peking duck and kalbi beef were so succulent and delicious.. . BBQ Meats - the best and extensive meat spread I've seen in all of Vegas. Lamb chops, prime rib, Tomahawk rib eye steaks, beef brisket, sausages - cooked perfectly, well seasoned and all delicious.. . Desserts section - Outstanding desserts and a perfect ending to an exceptional meal.  . * Ice Cream and Gelato - Balsamic figs and baklava - OMG so incredibly delicious!. * Cream brulee - preferred regular version over the chocolate (more like a chocolate pudding). Perfectly caramelized top layer crust and rich vanilla custard makes one awesome treat.. * Souffle - so downright decadent and amazing.. * Tiramisu - served in chocolate cup which you can devour and feel happy afterwords - "Yummilicious!". * Macarons - lightly crisp exterior shell, soft and chewy inside. Tasted so heavenly. My favorites were the pistachio and mocha.. * Crepe station - fresh strawberry drizzled with chocolate and dusted with powder sugar always does it for me and scrumptious.. . Mexican - . * Street food taco section was a fabulous idea and reminded me of the succulent tacos in LA served from Food trucks. Accompanied with a vast selection of bottled salsa and hot sauces, the carne asada and al pastor tacos were solid.. * Posole - delicious Mexican pork soup includes all your fresh accoutrement's. * Whole grilled Mexican corn with butter and queso fresco was outstanding.. . Salads - watermelon and feta served in small square glass dish was refreshing and delightful. Just the presentation alone had me salivating. The Caprese salad was excellent as well.. . Fried Food - . * Fried chicken with sweet potato fries in basket - excellent crispy exterior followed by flavorful tender chicken and well seasoned.. * Crab croquette - So yummy with actual crab meat inside. Great with a dash of hot sauce.. * Wagyu beef cheeseburger sliders - were cooked perfectly medium, well season and flavorful. . Italian section - . * Lasagna, pizzas, garlic knots and Rigatoni - Typical and standard, but still satisfying. There pasta dishes needs more dishes and limited.. . Complaint - . * Sushi - Simple and lacking creativity, definitely needs sashimi dishes.. * For the price of admission, they should include beer, champagne and wine as complimentary item.. *  No stone crab legs during my recent visit.. * Long lines at seafood and meat station due to its overwhelming popularity.. . Overall - Prompt and attentive service. Our server came by regularly to refill our drinks and take our dirty dishes away. Enjoyed our meal and had a wonderful time stuffing our faces. It's definitely worth checking out, but make sure you come with a big appetite and hungry because the food is overwhelmingly good.
On Thursday of last week I decided to try out Caesar's Palace's dinner buffet. It was the most expensive meal that I've ever treated myself to, but I can honestly say that it was worth it. The experience went a little something like this:. . My friend and I entered the line that wove in a maze of black ropes and carpet with intricate detailing. Already famished from a full day of walking, we waited in line for about an hour until we got to pay the $48 per person tab. Once we entered we were greeted with cream linen furniture, classy stained glass room separators, and sassy glass adorned light fixtures, brimming with people. Then came the stations. Mexican, Japanese, Southern, Chinese, American, Italian, Thai, Seafood... it was overwhelming. We started with 8 plates and then another round of 'real food' before we took a second break and headed for dessert. Tiramisu, cookies, mochi, gelato, red velvet cake, carrot cake, molten lava cake, pizookies, custard, fresh berries, brownies, chocolate-dipped strawberries, apple pie, bread pudding, and those are only the items we managed to take advantage of. All this 5-star food in one place- available for consumption? A recipe for a full heart and stomach. And the indigestion to follow was the only detraction from 5 star rating, even though it's partially my fault.
I only selected four stars because they didn't have oysters. Besides that, everything was delicious!!!!
Came here for brunch.Foods okay.Loved the congee, better than The Buffet @ Wynn & loved their beef brisket.
Delicious but expensive. Fresh squeezed juices if you go for brunch. They also have some of the freshest oysters and crab but many dishes are super salty. The prime rib has salt rubbed all over the outside.  You will not be able to eat the outer portion. Their leg of lambs or "lamb lollipops" as their butcher calls it are delicious and well-seasoned. Even my dog thought so. :). . What really sets Bacchanal apart though is the wide selection of asian cuisine. Pho was actually very good. Much better than some restaurants out there. Some of the sushi is fresh but if that's all you're looking for go to Goyemon which is off the strip.. . Pistachio macaroons and mochi ice cream are the best deserts. Maybe because I get to eat them very rarely.
For some reason I expected a lot more from this buffet, may be all the hype set my expectations higher. There is a ton of choice and the food was great but lacks in service, we asked for water some 10 times and got one refill. Also, they try to make you add the tip to the bill when you check in, I really don't like the idea because I want to be able to tip based on the service. The service we got really did not deserve even a dollar in tip. The buffet is pricy, to really make up for the price and the hour wait to get in ...  you better be really hungry :).
Review is more like 3.5 stars.. . Long lines that moves fairly quickly, but once you get to the register you have to wait in another line to be seated. They have separate lines for large parties w/ 4. or more ppl which they don't let you know until somebody checking the receipts says you're in the wrong line...Ughh.... . Once seated the venue is really nice and spacious. The seats are quite roomy and really comfy. I hitted up the Asian section first since that had the shortest line. Peking duck, poke/sashimi, were my favorites.. . The meat/ seafood line were ridiculous! I don't understand why they wrap around each other. If I wanted seafood I had to wait in the long meat line in order to grab seafood :/. That area really needs work with having a better setup for lines. . . I was really looking forward to trying the green-tea souffle that I was stalking through yelp days prior, but it was nowhere to be found! Hmph..!!!  I had the watermelon mint sorbet and that was really refreshing which was probably at the top of my list. They also had mixed berries w/ some type of simple sauce, but it was so memorable even till today. . . For me I rate a buffet, by their dessert section. I have the sweetest tooth, and literally need a bib when desserts come by. But nothing really appealed to me and their macarons were so sad! One bite of the macarons and I regretted I even tried them. For a place so ridiculously expensive I had higher expectations. Unfortunately I was not blown away ;(.
First off, the price is RIDICULOUS! It is probably the most expensive buffet on the strip. Being an avid Wicked Spooner, I felt guilty for trying Bacchanal because I didn't want to fall in love with the place but, I FAILED. I did fall in love with it.. . My boyfriend & I visited around late lunch time on a Tuesday. No crowd (yet) which was good. You walk in & it's seriously an array of food heaven. Fresh juice, oysters, all your favorite carved meats, Asian cuisine, etc. . . We personally loved eating the fresh oysters (they run out fast, so get em quick), duck, sweet potato tots, sushi cone rolls, fresh watermelon juice, peach green tea & definitely the desserts. Had some meringue, crepes with nutella, thai tea ice cream & french toast ice cream.. . You have to come extremely hungry so you can get your money's worth! I've heard people also come in around 3PM-ish so you can get both lunch and dinner entrees, since they don't kick you out. Overall it was a great foodventure, expensive, but great nonetheless.
My father and I came here right at the end of lunch service on a weekday and paid around $35/person to get in and stayed for dinner (saving money). The place is well decorated, but not gaudy. It has a more modern, restaurant feel to it rather than a buffet. There are 9 stations each with different styles/ethnic food (i.e. Mexican,Chinese, American, & Italian) and a big island of dessert. The staff were attentive and nice, and plates were cleared out very quickly. But on to the food.. . I think the buffet tries to bring a more foodie sense of eating to diners through their variety and offers. Do not expect there to be king crab leg on a weekday as they only serve split snow crab legs. There are 3-4 selections of shooters (soups in shot glasses), all of which were pretty good. The raw oysters are decently fresh, but usually hacked up due to the speed at which they're prepared (they go fast, so once you see them putting the oysters out you should go for it).. . (GOOD). The prime rib was decent and the cuts were very large. The lamb lollipops were good, with every piece I got coming out to medium-rare/rare (you should tell them how you want it so they can find the piece that's closest to that temp). They brought out a thing called a "veal ship" later in the service which was good too, but at that point I was going to explode. The sweet potato fries and tater tots were very good (though greasy) and were probably one of the best things at the buffet. There's a thing called the "chef special" which was scallop that day, which was very good as well. The cheese and charcuterie are decent for a buffet, the salad line is pretty extensive, and there is a dedicated bread section too.. . (BAD). The Asian line should be completely avoided. Everything there was bad, including the hot and sour soup, which my father commented on as containing "nothing but corn starch". The sushi was "meh", as expected. The fish dishes were consistently overcooked and dried out so I didn't even try them. I avoided the Mexican and Italian stands as there were a lot of carbs there, pasta is almost 99.9% going to be mediocre-bad at a buffet, and I'm from Texas so I've had great Tex-Mex & authentic Mexican food already (no point in trying something I know will disappoint).. . (GREAT). Save. Room. For. Dessert. Between plates of other food I'd stop by the dessert station to grab a couple sweet treats and bring them back to the table and we still couldn't get through it all. There is a station that makes crepes to order (and you get to put on your own fillings/toppings), there're macarons, many tiny dessert plates, and a dedicated ice cream,sorbet, and mochi ice cream bar. Honestly the dessert bar is better than more than half the stations in the buffet.. . This buffet was good, but very pricey. I'd probably come here after winning big at the tables or for a celebration, but that's about it. I hinted to it at the beginning of the review, but it's more worth it to come near the end of lunch and get in at lunch prices for dinner. You simply graze a bit while you wait for them to shift gears. And just a tip, the lamb lollipops, veal ship, and other dinner menu items came out later at around 5-6 so don't think that what they have at 3:30 is the only thing they have for dinner.
The GF had never done a Vegas buffet, so we ended up here after a bit of googling and determining that this is apparently the leading contender for Best Buffet.. . We came on a weekend night, meaning it was just over $50 each, and a 90 minute wait.  . . The choices are almost overwhelming, and they had pretty much everything you could want.  . . The real thing that sets it apart from other buffets I've been to (I live in Reno, so a fair amount of experience with them) was the lack of large chaffing dishes.  Most items were cooked in single services - e.g. individual baskets of chicken fingers for kids, small, single-serve cast iron pans of lasagna, etc.  The stuff that wasn't in single serves was in really small dishes, maybe a dozen items.  Many of the items were things that I felt could be served as a regular menu item at most other restaurants.. . Other things that set this place apart were the fresh shucked oysters, a choice of hot or cold crab legs, and probably close to a dozen choices at the carving stations.. . The one miss for me was the sushi - this was an exception to the individually prepared items - large trays of nigiri and rolls, and reminding me of a Todai or something.  Quality of the fish was just meh, the rice was not well seasoned, and the cuts of fish were sometimes not properly aligned with the grain of the flesh.. . I don't think we'd go back, but that's because we've had the experience, and for me, once is enough.  . . I think if you are looking for that big, grand, Vegas buffet, Bacchanal is probably the epitome of it.
Rounding up from a 3.5 star review! . I went for brunch on Saturday, and arrived just before 12p.  The line was not crazy, but when we left it was, so we hit the sweet spot, apparently.  The line moved quickly, and there was even loungy mood music playing, which helped pass the time. The cost was $45/person. . . This new buffet had beautiful ambiance, natural lighting, friendly staff (the guy at the meat carving station was super friendly!).  The tables were quickly bussed, and the layout was very big! It went on and on.  Mostly everything was clean and replenished often.  They even give you mini-potholders made of plastic to help you grip hot bowls and pans. . . Small rant:  I HATE those individual serving containers! From mini-pots/pans to baskets, to bowls!! UGH! They take up a lot of room on your plate, you can't really hold them in your other hand, and they are just frustrating in general! I'm at a buffet! Stop trying to restrict my servings! Or at least give me a cafeteria tray so I can put everything there. I was tempted a few times to dump the food out of the fancy-schmancy little dishes and just onto my plate, but I resisted the urge. . . Rant over.. . Of course, on a buffet, food can be hit or miss.  I loved the steamed (chilled) shrimp, the seafood pasta, the mushroom risotto, the chicken marsella, and the ribs.  I also thought the ham and cheese croissants were great, and enjoyed the brisket as well.  I also really liked the freshly made crepe- a nice ending to a meal. The coconut shrimp was just ok- I didn't see any sauce for it, and the sweet potato tater tots were great!  I had a small bite of the sliders, and they were tasty too.. . I tried some of the Asian offerings- the spicy fish was super spicy (lots of chili pepper), and the dumplings were fine.  I skipped the pizza and most of the pasta selections. There were also sushi offerings and a few Mexican items too.. . On the negative side, the crab legs (which can be steamed upon request), were rather puny, and the mac&cheese was nothing great. Neither was the fried chicken in the chicken and waffle basket (not very seasoned).  I was pretty disappointed with the French toast too (bland).  The bread pudding seemed to be the only thing that wasn't refreshed- it looked old and picked over.. . On balance, I still think the M buffet is tops around.  Next, I'd probably give the edge to Wicked Spoon, because their food is a bit more flavorful.. . All in all, I'm glad I finally checked it out, but isn't going to be a must-do on my buffet list.
I got there at 2:30. Waited in line and paid at 3:07. Because we paid at 3:07, we were charged dinner prices. Fail. . . With tax, dinner is $55. While the buffet is good, quality is never as good as a fine dining restaurant. . . I hate how they split the king crab legs open. All that lost flavor! But its warm. But it has almost no crab flavor. . . The ramen broth is really good. :) . . The lamb chops were also really tasty. Fatty deliciousness. It's also cooked medium-rare-ish. I loved that!  . . The ribs - salty. . . The prime rib - overcooked. . . I forgot what else I had, but I tend to stay away from fillers at a buffet.
Buffets are never a good option for me since I never eat enough and also don't really appreciate the "expensive' items as much as others.. . That said, I really enjoyed Bacchanal for a number of other reasons. They have a huge selection that varies from traditional Chinese Black Chicken Soup (with Ginseng) to little basketsof Fried Chicken and Fries.. . I personally really enjoyed the Bolognese (but I tend to love anything with Marinara/Meat Sauce). The dessert selection was pretty extensive but I found it odd that there was a 2-Mochi limit, when there was a free-for-all for the crab legs.. . The overall quality of the food seemed pretty good to me and I really enjoyed the Spicy Poke (it is surprisingly spicy).. . One thing I really wished they had more of was fruit, I know the typical buffet goer might not feel the same, but the limited selection of fruit was kind of sad.. . The decor is super cute and my girls and I were lucky enough to get a semi-private room. The service was great and the waiters were kind enough to assist me with my bachelorette party scavenger hunt by suggesting a male escort.. . Make sure you get there early enough to avoid the lines! If you have a party of 10 or more they will charge you gratuity right off the bat. Overall, the buffet was pretty good but not necessarily worth the price for someone like me.
Came here for dinner, we waited about 45 minutes I think which isn't too bad. . . Started off with the pricey stuff to make sure I got my money's worth before I got full. A plate full of crab legs and oysters. I liked the warmed crab legs, a lot of buffets don't offer that but they have both options here and always plentiful. Oysters were good too, you have to do a little picking for the better ones. On my second round of oysters they were not opened/cleaned very well, a lot of shell and debris was on them.. . Second round was meats. Prime rib, I asked for a medium rare cut and he got me a piece more in the middle and it was tender and juicy and not over cooked. Lamb chops were delicious too! Also juicy and not dry. Be careful though, the meats all tend to be on the saltier side. They have horseradish that is very spicy! I love spicy and this one was right up my alley. . . Third plate was all the random, cheaper things, that I wanted to try. I had two bowls of ramen. The broth was surprisingly good and flavorful, like the bones was cooked for a long time to get that rich broth taste. However, due to the noodles being made to order and just one guy helping out, they were under done. I don't mind al dente a little but these were barely blanched. They also have a large variety of Asian/Chinese food. I had the rice porridge with thousand year old egg, YUM. Very comforting after a day of drinking and being in the sun. . . Last plate was desserts. Nothing stood out, they have a very good macaroon, but this one you really have to wait and be a vulture about if you want to get some. I was in line and this one kid was hovering all over the empty platter waiting for it, and when it did come he took half the plate, had to fight my way in for just one cookie. . . Overall I enjoyed my meal here, still a little more than I would want to pay for but I didn't mind as much because most everything I had was good.
This is not a place for those with small stomachs or picky palates. You want to make sure you get your $50 worth here and I sure did. The spread is AMAZING. I made sure to try everything that interested me. The Chinese was a little disappointing, sushi was good, and the prime rib was superb. Sides were delish (mac&cheese and sweet potato tater tots!), seafood galore and all the dessert your heart desires (gelato, an assortment of macarons, cookies, pie, EVERYTHING). Compliments to the pastry chef whom our waitress brought out for us to meet. . . I wish I had more space to try a half rack of ribs, lamb, BBQ and all that jazz at the meat station, as well as all of the other food (Italian, Mexican, American). I had to tap out and pretty much had to be rolled out of there. Then I slowly waddled my way back to my hotel. Gluttony's finest.
Was deciding between this or Wicked Spoon...and I thought this place was definitely worth it. Came here around 3:30 on a Saturday and the wait was around 30-45 minutes so it was about $55/person. Walking in the first thing you see is the Alaskan crab legs and all the seafood goodness. Keep walking and you'll see the different cuts of meat. Then the tacos and pozole station. Turn the corner and you'll see the pasta stuff, crab legs where they will warm it up for you, cheese and bread, pho/udon/ramen station, sushi, and then finally the Chinese food station. I got confused at where the desserts were because I walked around all the food stations twice before I realized that it was sort of in the middle of the buffet. Odd place to put it, but they had a variety of different desserts like cakes, cupcakes, macaroons, gelato, mochi ice cream, and more!. . First thing I went for was the crab legs and they were delish! Dip it in the drawn butter and yum! I tried the shooters that they had there, but I would pass on that. Lobster chowder was pretty good too. Then the meats! I love prime rib, but it was a little too dry here, but the shining star in my opinion was the lamb! It was so soft and melt in your mouth. It was my first time trying it and I have no idea where lamb as been all my life! But anyway...I also tried the udon which was okay. Sushi I would skip out on, but the tuna poke they had there was good. . . As for dessert...I'm not a chocolate fan so I ended up only getting the macaroons, gelato and mochi ice cream. Macaroons were pretty good, the green ones are the best but the go pretty fast. I had the thai tea gelato, but skip out on that. You couldn't even taste the thai tea in it. And mochi ice cream...you can't mess that up so there wasn't anything special about that.. . Service...was super super slow. We had 2 piles of dirty dishes and they would only take 1 pile every like 20 minutes. Drinks were never refilled, and finally I saw one of the managers? or head waitress? come by and she did not look happy at all and she ended up doing everything for us and the surrounding tables. But besides that...this buffet is definitely worth trying at least once.
Was a wicked spoon fan but this place has become my #1 buffet in vegas. Everything was good and could'nt find a glaring misstep, sure some things are better than others but overall this buffet was awesome.
Definitely one of the better buffets in Las Vegas. Came here around 7:30pm and the line was insane. We ended up paying $15 more for the express line and still ended up waiting 15-20 minutes. The selection was definitely impressive. The fresh seafood was awesome, definitely recommend the oysters, crab and crawfish. There was also great lamb chops and tomahawk steak; ask for medium rare. My favorite part of the buffet was the desert section. They had a large selection of different pastries, but I recommend ordering the chocolate or pistachio souffle and getting a crepe with fresh berries and nutella.
Long due review where I had lasttime I came in April! . This place has become my new favorite buffet at least for me as I wasn't a fan of Wicked spoon. The best part of it was that we literally walked up and got a spot right away so that was the BEST part of it all. I don't think it will ever happen again at Vegas being able to not have to wait and get a spot!. . It was around 32 per person last time I came here as we came around 2. I have heard that the price has gone up? but I'm not for sure on that yet. Regardless I had an awesome experience here where they had A HUGE VARIETY of food and desserts. We didn't have to get drinks as we had fat tuesdays coming in.. . They have from chinese to american to mexican food so you can't go wrong if you are only into one group of food. I personally loved the mexican type of food they had here where there was a station where I could get forever tacos and they actually make the meat fresh for you and it was VERY GOOD. If i wasn't defeated, I would have got 3-4 more tacos... :p . . They have a bunch of ice creams/sorbets, crepes, cakes, and even mochi. Just go all out people because I had a great time enjoying all the types of food they had here. . . I say...from my last time experience that this is my favorite buffet now.
I heard a lot of rave reviews about this buffet, so I was super excited to try it. Came at around 3pm on a Sunday. No wait?! Score!. . They have a ton of selections, and I was happy with most of the items I tried - poke, chowder, oysters, crab legs, truffle scalloped potatoes, etc.. . The downside: I was disappointed by the prime rib. Whenever I go to a buffet, I look forward to crab legs and prime rib. This prime rib looked dull and sad, but I gave it a chance anyway. Although it was pretty tender, I only ate about half of it, since it was lacking the flavor I was looking for.. . Desserts were good. Can't go wrong with chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee, and mochi! I'm not a huge macaron fanatic, but they have some there for those who are obsessed. . . I'll probably find myself here again with family or friends, so hopefully next time the prime rib will be on point. Until then, I prefer the M buffet!
It was probably the night we went but it wasn't as amazing as I expected it to be from the reviews.  . . Thanks to the reviews, we listened to the tips about Monday night at 5pm with no wait.  We had a baby with us so lines don't go well.  By about 6pm, we saw a huge line formed already.  . . There is a huge variety but more isn't always better.  The meat section is definitely the largest I've seen but everything I had there seemed over salted and dry.  They said it was because of a southern style of cooking, which really isn't an excuse in my opinion.  I've had better buffet prime rib at Paris and the World Carnival one in Rio.  Never had ribeye, ribs, or brisket at another buffet but they were dry and tough when we were there.  . . Interesting variety that they have here are: pho (I only got it to try it, its okay), horchata (which i enjoyed), dim sum area.  Don't need to bother with the dim sum area.  Probably because we were early and the things were sitting out longer but the steam got all their items soggy.  . . Deep fried things were good: calamari, yam tots, waffle fries, but a little salty.  . . I mostly enjoyed their desserts.  Mochi ice cream is good but they do run out periodically and have to wait for more.  Their creme brulee I felt was good but too deep.  It was a wrong proportion of the top sugar crust to the rest, which I've had better at the Paris buffet.  Macaroons were good as well.  . . Overall, it's good but not sure if it's worth the $46 we paid.  Good service, good variety, but not necessarily the best tasting in one place.
Bacchanal versus Wicked Spoon... . . Bacchanal has a modern and refreshing ambiance that invites you to feed your appetite.  The selection is superb; they have both cold and hot crab legs, raw oysters, various cuts of meat, the expected.. . The temperature, texture, flavor, and overall quality of the food were just right and met my expectations.. . The desserts, which I tend to value more than the actual entrees, were pretty good.  The cookie chocolate dipped strawberries could have been sweeter but were tasty and so were the miniature gummy bears.  They have macaroons too but I'm not a fan.. . Based on the above, I thought Bacchanal was excellent, but I pick Wicked Spoon why?. . 1) Better dessert selection/quality. 2) Less wait time in the meat line. 3) Bacchanal failed miserably on their nigiri - one small plate that they hardly replenish.  The plate remained empty after two trips and when it was finally refilled the guy ahead of me took 2/3 of the plate, leaving me feeling bad for the people after me. Their staring got to me so I left a couple pieces (damn conscience!). . I don't want to feel bad when I'm at a buffet, especially one such as Bacchanal. The last thing I should have here is a satisfied tummy, not a guilty conscience for carrying off the last piece of fish.
This buffet is absolutely delicious!!  I advise everyone to go try this buffet out at least a few times.  The thing that I don't agree with is the price.  Although, the buffet was delicious, I don't feel that it was worth he price.  If it was about 7 bucks less, I would have absolutely no complaints about this buffet!
"BACCHUS  The Roman God Of The Feast. BACCHANAL  A Feast Worthy Of The Gods". . - Some sign outside. . This buffet is seriously a feast worth of the gods. . . I came here with my mom and I as our first stop on our Buffet of Buffets adventure. For this specific buffet, we had to pay an additional $25 each, for some reason (I' didn't pay, so I don't know what that was for). It was a Monday and we got in line around 8:30 for dinner. FYI, they close the line at 10. It took us an hour to get to the register and to get back in line to be seated.   . . As we were being taken to our table, the hostess gave us a little tour of the different stations they had and I was already sold. Everything is so beautiful in there! Most importantly, the food looked so good. Presentation - A+. . Since we got in pretty late, we had about an hour before they were going to take the food (10:45). . . What did they have?. Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, Seafood. . I made a mistake of taking so much from the Asian section, that I didn't really get to the meaty stuff, literally. My mom got some and let me try some duck and lamb chop, YUM. I didn't even get to try the crab legs! I saw this one table covered in crab legs; it looked like they were having fun over there. I did try the oysters which didn't make me sick so I was happy! . . I can go on and on but I'll just stop now.
Some quick tips, this place is solid.. . The prime rib is bomb.  The brisket is good.  . All of the Asian food is highly mediocre.  Considering it's not their specialty they did good.. . Crab legs cut in half reduce the mess, and the flavor; catch 22 there.. . The dessert is mega bomb. Hit the lava cake a couple times, that one is a well made chocolate deliciousness. . . There's plenty to eat here so go easy on the meat, otherwise you will be a gassy mess a few hours later. It's delicious, but not the second time around. . . This place is worth the 90 minute wait on a Saturday night once.  Only once.  You can pay $15 to skip the line, but that makes your meal $66 for a buffet.  If you're a baller, fine, spend that money, but that's $15 you can use betting on black, or food for your hamster.  . . Enjoy.
Really hyped up buffet - line to pay for entry, line to wait for seating, line to fill your plate... Still in the end, I would do it again.  So much food,  I was too full to have any dessert.  The kicker - Bottemless Mimosas!
As a fan of Wicked Spoon, I thoroughly enjoyed my brunch at Bacchanal - but not enough to turn my back on my beloved.. . My top items: Fried chicken with sweet potato fries (although the tater tots are better!), Korean BBQ, the endless crab legs and the deep fried cinnamon sugar donut. Most of the other items we tried such as the dim sum, breakfast standards, and the sliders were good but nothing worth mentioning. I was VERY sad that the pho and ramen stations weren't available for brunch, perhaps we came in too early around 11:30AM.. . Don't forget to try the fresh squeezed juices! The horchata and cucumber juice were definitely our favorites. Champagne and mimosas are also complimentary, which make the $45 price well worth it.
Oh my! I do not regret coming here! Without a doubt the best buffet in Vegas. I had the buffet of buffets deal and tried a few buffets. This one is the best! The food is top notch. my favorite were the hamburger sliders and the ambience is amazing! Thumbs up!
Among my favorite in Las Vegas.  We used to like Bellagio and Wynn, but Bellagio seemed to have changed in quality (dramatic decrease).  Cosmo (Wicked spoon) was promising when I laid eyes on the salads, but the dessert seemed pre-ordered and not made in house.. . Overall, Bacchanal was the one we keep on going back to!  Their Achilles heel, however, is the sushi and the pizza.   Everything else is excellent!  Don't laugh, but the carne asada tacos are something I get every time even though it is probably not the biggest bang for the buck...LOL. . TIP: walk behind the casino through the mall to cut down on walking time by half!  Just enter the mall from the casino through the margarita bars with the low-cut hooter lookalike servers, and the next entrance point to the buffet will be just a few stores away.  Secret shortcut!
Ate here with the family. It's definitely a higher quality buffet than the rest. I'll have to try the one in the Cosmopolitan. The crab legs were... mehhhh:-( had better at a cheap Chinese buffet. The rest of the dishes were very good. My wife liked them too considering that she's a finicky eater. The kids loved all the candy! We'll be back.
Selection of food was enormous. I honestly would give 5 stars, but the wait was forever!!!! I swear I waited in line for 1.5 hours. I thought I went early (5pm ish on saturday) but it wasn't early enough....
Bacchanal is one of Vegas' brand new buffets located in Caesar's Palace. The design of the place is very impressive with a nice view into the seafood section in the front and the pool if you get the right seat inside. The buffet is broken up into sections starting with the seafood, meats, Mexican, Italian, salad, sushi, Chinese, and deserts. We had a sampling of everything. My girlfriend loves seafood so she had a hefty helping of oysters and giant crab legs. I tried to mix up my servings between heavy and light foods with meatballs, lasagna, tacos, a variety of fruit, Greek salad, and a mix of deserts. This definitely ranks up there with one of the best buffets in Vegas.
As good as Wynn (which had been my favorite). Unfortunately Prime Rib dry and lamp chops too many spices including salt (spices covered up all the lamp natural taste). Seafood portion of buffet excellent - both hot and cold crab legs but in different parts of the restaurant. Desserts fabulous as well. Luck was on my side when I got Ruth as my waitress. Definitely ask to be in her station. Best waitress I've had in Vegas. And that's saying alot since I've been to Vegas over 30 times in last 12 years.
Waited about 15 mins for dinner on Saturday evening around 7pm. The lines were hecka long but we opted to pay the extra $15/person for express.  Totally worth it for us.  . . Typical buffet with meat, seafood, mexican, asian, italian and american.... the quality of the food is a lot better than most vegas buffets...The lambchops were superb!!! Crab legs were good... The Asian food was Bleh. The sushi Bleh. The Italian food was alright...  The fresh juices were good. The dessert bar was delicious with a good variety. . . Overall the quality of the food is good and worth the price you pay. Would go back.
The one star demerit was for degrading food quality.   It was our second time there, we realized the King crab legs turned into snow crab legs.  . Fresh oysters were already at a much lower grade since they open.  I already noticed many significant changes as they are trying to cut down their food cost.   . Here are my breakdowns:. Seafood:   major degrade in quality. Steak:   One of the best. Italian:  Better than I expected.  Fresh pizzas. Japanese:  As average as it gets. Chinese: pre-made dim sum, panda express quality entrees. Dessert:   Anything from Mochi ice cream, crepe, gelato, you name it.  Best dessert you can find.. Please keep your quality.  Do not want to see this place go downhill.
The food is delicious and there are so many choices it is hard to decide.  The desserts are over the top and beautiful for a buffet.  The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars is the WAIT.  Waiting in line for an hour and the confusion at the hostess stand is frustrating and annoying.  There has to be a more efficient way.  Mind the price also, it is VERY expensive.
My friends and I came here during July 4th weekend. To no surprise, their buffet price is higher than what it is normally just because it's the holiday. Hence, minus one star.. Our plan was to try everything they serve and to avoid carbs. During our first round, I grab the chicken and sweet potato fries. I know, no carbs but i just thought it would be good since the four of us are sharing. Of course Bacchanal made their sweet potato fries to perfection. It's lightly coated with maple syrup and sea salt. It was pretty much the end of our strategic plan of no carbs. . . Some other delicious items: tonkatsu ramen, tuna/salmon poke & prosciutto. . Make sure to save room for dessert. Enjoy!
Great food I am always thought vegas has lost it's touch in buffet style food. However this place was great sure few meats had way to much salt but rest was great. If your sea food lover they have every type of sea food. It don't matter what u like they have everything.
OM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM! As all the Yelpers below have said, this place is pretty AMAZEBALLS.  While it is pricey, you definitely get your money's worth because every dish is YUM!  The ambiance here is pretty awesome as well.  We were in a group of 7 so we were able to sit at a large table that sort of looked like it was a gnarly tree stump (in a cool artsy way) and tall chairs that are comfortable and very contemporary looking.  It is a very modern look!  I loved it!. . The buffet's food was really good and it is sectioned off in the following stations:. . -Chinese (Dim Sum, Duck, etc.). -Japanese (Small selection of sushi and soups). -Italian (Pasta, etc.). -Mexican (Made to order tacos, fresh salsas & Agua Frescas!). -Meats (Prime Rib, HUGE BONE-IN RIBEYES, Lamb, etc.). -American Style Side Dishes (Mac & Cheese, Fries, Potatoes, etc.). -Seafood (Standard... Shrimp, Crab Legs, Oysters, Clams) . -Dessert (Made to order crepes and other various goodies. . I was really impressed by how fresh all the food was and how tasty things were!  The food services were very friendly and our waitress/busboy were very efficient in taking our plates... Even when we brought two plates of food to the table for each person... LOL. . . My only gripe is that I feel the organization of the buffet was really odd.  It was sort of difficult to grab Japanese then try to grab Italian (i.e. putting my pizza on top of my sushi???? Ughhh! . . Pros:. -AMAZING FOOD. -Great ambiance. -Good service. . Cons:. -Food is not necessarily organized in the best manner. . Tips:. -Alcohol is separate so be prepared to pay if you want a beer or Mimosa. -TRY THE HORCHATA! . -Get one Ribeye for the table and share... THAT is how HUGE it is! . -GET THE CREPE and get ice cream on top... You'll regret it if you don't!
This is my first buffet experience in Vegas.  I only wish I had another stomach to fill my belly with all yummy goodness they had to offer.  Brunch on Saturday for two, total around $90.  I was impressed with the array of different cuisines they had.  I'm typically not a buffet lover, but I did enjoy the food here.  I would have to say my favorite item there was the prime rib.  It was so juicy and cooked perfectly.  . . Presentation of food is on point and I wanted to eat everything.  The decor is very modern and clean.  I was a little disappointed with the flavors of the dessert they offered.  I was expecting to be blown away with the wide assortment of sweets, but found myself just missing that wow factor in flavor.
This place is HUGE! And they have a giant selection of food. The crab here are already split in half so you don't have to break them! There are two rooms, at first I thought there were was only one room, but you just got to turn a corner at the end of the Mexican station and BOOM! Whole mother room with Italian, cold cuts, salads,  and Asian food. They even have dim sum ( for dinner!). Most off the food was good, there were a few selection from the meat station that was a bit too salty. The desert station was the best, it is centered right in the middle of the main room and had every imaginable desert you can think of even mochi! The waiter suggested to get the peach green tea here, and it was soo good, I had like 4 of them, because they are so good. The price is quite expensive here at $50 a person, as well as the line being very long at dinner time. My friends and I waited for about 2 hours until we were able to be seated. Overall this was a good place, with good food.
Prepare to come hungry and leave happy! I highly recommend coming early since the average wait is around 1-2 hours. Luckily, we only waited for about an hour. This buffet is spacious and has LOTS of selections.. . I enjoyed their Asian selection. Black chicken stew? It reminds me of my mom's homecooked soup. There's dim sum options, soups, and vegetables as usual. I actually was surprised with the flavoring of the black chicken stew. It's not exactly on point, but it's good enough!. . As for the entrees, there's crab legs!! I think we got about 2-3 plates of those. Not only that, but some of the food dishes are served in small portions, which is helpful in preventing you from "overeating." What I mean by that is that you leave more room in your stomach for the other dishes. The sweet potato tater tots were delicious! In addition to the prime rib and the truffle potato gratin!. . Some other memorable choices that I've tried was the lobster clam chowder and caprese salad and the artisan sausage. There's seriously lots of things to eat here! Another favorite of mine was the lasagna!!. . Now onto the desserts, they have mochi ice cream! Vanilla, Kona Coffee, and Chocolate. I was a bit disappointed there was no mango or green tea, but -shrugs- the dessert was still good. They had French macaroons as well as ice cream! The mango lime sorbet was my favorite along with the creme brulee.. . My stomach had the time of its life here. One thing about this place though is the expensive price. With the food selections - there were a variety and there were some hit and miss dishes. However, looking back on it, I would probably say that this is a one-time thing. I enjoyed the food and the experience here, but won't return until my wallet gets fatter.
If you stay in Vegas and have to go to one buffet, stop searching. Eating here is an enjoyable experience as the place is brand new, very well decorated and very clean. The thing I didn't like about eating at a buffet was that somehow the restaurant wouldn't look good as they would focus more on the buffet/food rather than the atmosphere. Well Ceasars Palace have certainly managed to do that.. . Food is probably as good as at some other great buffets in Vegas but what makes this place different is it is actually a fancy buffet.
Certainly on my top 3 las vegas buffet, alongside with wicked spoon and wynn. Must not miss stations: Meat station, antipasto, seafood, dessert. Everything else was also good but I have to choose my battle of girl vs. food.  If you must have breakfast get there at breakfast time, don't complain if breakfast is not fresh at 2 pm. Servers were attentive although our particular server made errors twice, no biggie. If he tells you, "what would you like to drinks?" That's him! Price was not bad considering it's a buffet. $70 meal for two at noodle #9 or Gordon Ramsay's Burgr vs $88 lunch for 2 at this buffet. Not bad at all. Happy eating!
This place is huge...long line yes its Friday, but geez its buffet, really?! Ive never had to wait so long for a buffet, I am from the fourth largest city in the United States and so I am very familiar with big crowds.. . 15.00 extra if you wanted to be bumped up to the front of te line, but then you have to still wait to be seated. So I kept my 15.00 in my pocket and just willed my patience to hold on a little longer.. . Once you pay your buffet fee of 49.00 (normally 51.00 + tax) then the "paid" people wait in another line.. . After an hour and a half we were finally seated.. . Our waitress was really slow getting to us once seated, we were so hungry we decided she could get our drinks later one we returned to our table.. . The Buffet....I was not blown away but there are a few things there as dinner and dessert that were a stand out or different for sure.
Buffet was good. But all the good stuff i.e crab legs & macaroons don't get put out until dinner time!! Lots of choices. Sushi was good. Over all four stars is appropriate.
Great variety inside this place. They only reason I'm not giving a 5 is because the meat is almost rare, i like it well done. I had to avoid the whole meat section which sucked. There was so much other stuff to try though. Wish they would ask how you want your meat cooked that is all.
It was the best brunch we had in Vegas - I was expecting to have a regular lunch - didn't know about all weekend long brunch - but it was good. Kind of disappointed for not having lobster at brunch - crab was good thou...
If you are in vegas, one of the things you have to do is go to a buffet. WHY? just because you can stuff your face with international delicious food! Why is it? that the buffet in my home town are so shitty. The only time I go to a buffet is when I go to VEGAS. Normally when I do go to a buffet, its filled with sub par ehhh food but here at bacchanal I can find many items that I love. Which is awesome because i can go for seconds and thirds without paying so much. My favorite item was the prime rib. I even love going to the line and getting the prime rib lol The guy that serves it, is super friendly and funny. He makes me feel at home so I feel at ease revisiting him over and over lol. . The price isnt so bad either I only paid 36 and I felt like I got more than my money's worth here.
FIRST THING I MUST MENTION IS OUR AWESOME SERVER ENRIQUE! He is soooo awesome. He went out if his way to get my friend ramen when the chef said ramen wont be available for another 30 minutes. Enrique was very friendly and kind for the entire dining experience! THANKS ENRIQUE for being AWESOME!. . We came on a Saturday night..wait time: almost 2 hours!!!. . The food is ok. Clams had sand in it. Oyster had sand in it. Crabs were really on point. Asian section is always lacking in quality. Theres not ALOT of selection and theres always a line to get food. . . TIP: Get two plates..ur gonna b lining up so must as well use two plates at a  time!. . Probably won't be my first, second, or third choice for buffet...but I want to give 4 stars to Enrique and the decorations of the restaurant. It is VERY PRETTY in there.
I'm torn before a 4 and 5 star for this place.  Definitely a really good buffet but since it was pricier than Wynn and Bellagio buffet I was expecting it to be more wow I guess.  We went on a Tuesday night at 6:00 and only had to wait about 30 minutes. Weekday Dinner is $45/adult.. . They got Asian, Mexican, Italian, Salad, Soup noodle(pho/ramen), seafood, meat, and dessert stations.. . I tried:. . Meat station - Lamb, Ribeye, Prime Rib, and Brisket. I got 2 servings of lamb because lamb is the shit, especially with mint jelly.  Brisket was damn good also since it had that layer of fat on top with the smoky, charred rub on it(didn't even need to slap bbq sauce on it).  Ribeye and Prime rib were meh to me.  Ribeye was really tender but missing the s & p.  I didn't get the fat cap with the cut of prime rib I got so it was just whatever and lacking any flavor.. . Seafood - Shrimp cocktail and a ridiculous amount of oysters and crab legs.. Large pieces of shrimp, small oysters, and mounds of crab legs(cold or hot).  I was hoping there would be king crab legs but it's weekday dinner so that's why they didn't have it I'm guessing.  This is what most asians go for so we definitely had our fill.. . Dessert - Everything. I can't even think to name everything.  Oh, they have crepes.  I didn't like any of the weird flavors of sorbets though...watermelon mint and chili lime mango.. . Punished our stomachs as usual at a buffet and everything was good but for $35 bucks I could go to bellagio or wynn buffet and I think I'd be just as happy.  Definitely a top contender for buffets though.
I see why this is rated the best buffet in Vegas currently.  Line was about 30-40 mins on a Saturday afternoon.  Many different food stations with tons of great choices.  Lots of deserts as well including gelato and macaroons.  Definitely hit up the seafood section with lobster chowder, ceviche, king crab legs, oysters, mussels, clams and of course cocktail shrimp.  All the other stations were very good as well.  Was a little disappointed with the carving station and the prime rib, but the lamb chops were BOMB!
Worth the wait and the money...be sure you are hungry. Brunch worked best for me except I couldn't last long enough to get to the oysters. The service is awesome...people tip the cooks, waitstaff, and the bussers!
First let me preface this by saying after 3 nights in Vegas I went to the World Carnival at Rio, Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, and then Bacchanal at Ceasar's. I started getting sick the day of Bacchanal, I'm guessing I drank a drop of that grimy pool water at Rehab the day before, because that night was about the time I started feeling the bug. . . Anyways on a 5 night binger in Vegas, I thought this was going to be my last meal that I could enjoy. I was not disappointed. I can really only review the things I had and the experience I had here. So we'll start with:. . Plate #1. Leek dumpling, not too much dough and the soup was still warm, mmm fond memory. The fried dumpling wasn't as bad as frozen dumplings I guess that's all I can say about them, typical greasy deep fried potstickers, probably not worth the stomach room but if you're craving it, eat it, it will at least satisfy that. The hot and sour soup was a hit at the table, it definitely lives up to it's name, as being both spicy and sour, a little more spicy and sour than I'm used to, but at least it does the name justice. Also a bonus: had a station next to the soup to put extra things in, like chives! I love chives. Shrimp spring rolls in that peanut butter sauce, decent not the best but definitely satisfying for a buffet. . . Plate #2. Time for some BBQ. Got a piece of the prime rib, better than Wicked Spoon's, if anyone can relate to that, otherwise not better than anything you could make yourself, if you know how to make a roast and had the time, but it was juicy enough and rare enough in most places. Like most places however the slice was huge and couldn't finish it. Kielbasa, very tasty with some dijon mustard, nothing special though, how do you mess up kielbasa, really? Lamb shank, ok here we go. You look at it on your plate and you see the bone and the fat slab of meat on the end like a big 'ole meat lollipop and you are excited. You're thinking, I'm going to devour this, and it's going to taste great. At least that was what I thought until I had one bite and realized it was over cooked and not prepared in a matter that I would have prepared it and thought it was a waste of the meat. Let me tell you how I really feel, right? Sorry, I was just excited about it and I didn't like the seasoning and it tasted like it was boiled?? Also way overdone. Could have just been mine, and I would say that but it was everyones at the table. Oh well you can't win them all. Wagyu beef sliders! Tasty, get them. The meat definitely shines through in the little slider, cool presentation as well. The bread was buttery and light. Went to the fried baskets and got the "Chef's Special" which was fried pickles, I do love me some fried pickles, kosher spears in a delightfully light batter, bar food, beer food, comfort food. Yum. . . Plate #3. Sushi,. I got every piece of sushi they offer and poke! That being said, the plate wasn't full. Shrimp tempura roll, some rainbow roll, spicy tuna or salmon roll, then salmon and tuna nigiri, and poke! The sushi was sushi. That is it, nothing special here, pretty prototypical of any all you can eat sushi, whatever. Poke! You usually don't see it too often at buffets, although I see it more often now, It was good. The tuna was very fresh and spicy. Worth the stomach room if you like poke. . . Plate #4. At this point I'm feeling kinda full and that stomach bug is acting up, I know I have precious valuable time before I hit a wall or the bathroom. I go to the seafood, I think this is not going to bode well for later on in the night, for we have plans to see Kaskade at Tao. But I can't help myself when I see a sign for lobster rolls, I wait for a new batch. Looks like a little crostini with some sort of lobster schmear... Now I am from New England. No way you are going to tell me that that is a friggin' lobster roll. Whatever, I want one. I look at the rest of the seafood and think about Kaskade and back away slowly. The lobster roll, was, well not a lobster roll. I could taste the half slice of grape tomato that resides on top of the pink goop on top, not good. I go right to the desserts. I wish I could have a second stomach at this point. I already did a cursory glance before hand and saw mochi at the ice cream station, drool. I get a oreo chocolate dome cake, fig balsamic and thai tea ice cream with a strawberry mochi. Ok. I could eat a tub of that fig balsamic. The thai tea was also tremendous, better than Wicked Spoon, I just liked the sweetness/tea balance in it more. The oreo dome cake was magical as well. Also had a piece of a friends honey comb chocolate bar? Very interesting, I don't know how I didn't see that but it was good, poor honey bees.. . Great buffet, get there early. There was a huge line at 6. We waited probably 20 minutes and paid the 20 dollars extra for the shorter line. Everything was prepared well, and of high quality. When I think of "Vegas buffet" this is the kind of stuff I think about.
If you got to any one buffetin Vegas, I think this is the one.  They have an amazing of amount of unique foods to offer such as cooked to order street tacos, lobster corn chowder, lamb chops, etc.  This buffet is one of Vegas' premium Buffet (think Aria, Wicked Spoon, etc), and as such, commands a premium entry price.  The price was higher than normal the day we went because it was Labor Day Weekend.  The line in was over an hour and a half wait at 7:30pm on a Saturday.  We decided to pay the express fee to skip the line; even so, it was a half hour wait.  Not too bad.  . . Most of everything offered here are in small portion size; it helps pace you.  Our favorites were the seafood selection and the dessert island.  We believe the food you get at Bacchanal is distinct from other buffets which is worth your time and money.
I came here over Labor Day weekend, which bumped up the price from $32, to $64.  I did not find this out until I got to the register, after I had waited in line for 1 hour.  I had already thought $32 was expensive, let alone $64.  The only reason I came was because my friends wanted to come here. After the initial price shock, I was amazed by the endless amounts of food.  It was all very good quality.  Anything you could imagine, they had.  The dessert station was my favorite part.  The waiters brought out unlimited glasses of mimosas and quickly cleared each plate as it was finished off. I don't typically like the idea of buffets, because it promotes eating excessive amounts of food, especially if you are trying to get your money's worth...like $64 worth.. Overall, it was a fun experience, but I would never pay that much for a meal again.
Came here on a Thursday for the second time. It was sooooo good; much better than the last time I tried it back in Jan 2013. They had these check in machines that sent messages to your phone when to come back as if you were in line. We waited around 30 minutes for that, and then were immediately seated. The WARM CRAB LEGS, omg soooo good. I don't think a lot of people know that they have it near the pizza section. **HINT** ahah. . . There's also unlimited mimosas, my favorite and always a bonus. The prime rib was very yummy as well as the tuna poke salad. The roasted duck was alsooo bomb and the pho was pretty authentic. I made my boyfriend get the hoison sauce but when he asked the guy behind the counter, he said he didn't know what that was. Strange but that's okay because we found it later on.. . The second time we came back this weekend on Sunday. The line was ridiculous... and they didn't have the machines this time. We waited in line for maybe 30 minutes and that didn't take us anywhere. We didn't want to wait any longer so we got into the express line which costed $20 more per person. The total came out to be $160ish. Very pricy in my opinion. I guess the second time wasn't as amazingbut they did offer watermelon juice and lamb. . . They also have fresh crepes and even mochi ice cream! The mint watermelon and thai tea ice creams were my favorite!!!. . I will come back here, just maybe not anytime soon as my go-to buffet will always be the Buffet at the Wynn.
MY BUFFET RESUME: The Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Bellagio, the M, the Rio. . And now...the Bacchanal!. . THE HIGHLIGHTS: What you really go here for are the oysters and the crab legs. Crab legs are meaty, and you have the choice of either having them cold or steamed depending on your preference. The oysters are the best I've had from any buffet in Vegas. They have a large supply of the smaller sweeter oysters that are not briney.  Why in your right mind would you eat giant raw oysters is beyond me! The cocktail shrimp...wow! They are massive and perfectly cooked! Slightly sweet with that perfect bouncy consistency without it being hard and rubbery. Obviously I spent most of my time eating seafood, but other memorable things were the Posole, Mushroom Risotto, and what I believe was Raspberry Panna Cotta.. . BE SMART, PAY LESS: Like any seasoned Vegas buffet-goer. Come here right at the end of lunch, pay lunch price, eat dinner food. If you are coming here for a weekend trip try to squeeze this in on a Friday. The lines are short and won't be swarming with people who just woke up from a long night of raging and are grumpy and hungry. . . There is a line to pay, then a line to wait to get in. Dinner starts at 3pm so as long as you pay before then, you are good to go. I came here on the Friday of Labor Day weekend and we arrived around 2:40, paid within minutes (around $32 plus tax per person), and were in by a little after 3. Extremely pleased! . . THE LET DOWN: I was extremely disappointed in the meats! There was a wide variety such as different types of ribs and prime rib and sausages but there was SO much of it sitting out it didn't look appetizing or fresh. My first piece of prime rib was way too salty and well done so I went back and asked for a rarer piece to give it another chance. Nope, still no go. I also tried a KC style rib...extremely dry. Wynn and Bellagio, although not as fancy in presentation anymore compared to Bacchanal and Wicked spoon, still win in the meats department. Less variety there but better quality. . . FANCY SHMANCY AMBIENCE: Ambience is beautiful. Take time to take it all in while you are taking a digestion-break, you paid for it! Half of the space is based on glass elements with actual drinking glasses/vases used as the lighting fixtures and the back half is all based with wood elements as the walls, ceilings, etc. . . DIVERSE CUISINE: Seafood section (mussels, crab legs, oysters, seafood paella, lobster rolls), "American" cuisine (sliders, fried chicken, mac n cheese), Mexican cuisine (tacos made in front of you, delicious posole), Italian (variety of pastas, chicken marsala, meatballs), Asian (duck, kbbq, made to order udon and ramen, dim sum) and much more!. . CONCLUSION: $32 well spent! Not sure if i'd pay the dinner price of $50+ for it though. SO COME EARLY! GRUB ON MY FRIENDS :)
We came here twice of course different times, when it first open. And this buffet is part of buffet to buffet the 24 hr bracelet pay $10 extra, so well worth it. The seafood are so fresh and desserts are awesome, lots of selection. My bf have to eat here every time we are in vegas, this time he ate the salmon and steam bass thru the night. He raved and noted next time we are we will eat here first. . . Only thing that is disappoint is the line, never fails it takes a good hour and half other than its our second place where we have to have... . Serves needs to be a little more prompt, slow attending.
3.5 but I am rounding up. . . Lots of selection! (For Lunchtime) Even the chinese food corner wasn't as bad as I anticipated. Except the duck was a tad fatty so I only had a tiny piece when I would've liked to have more. The workers there were friendly. Particularly the guy cutting the meat. He joked around saying how the pieces I was asking for was too small and said I should enjoy eating a more "normal" sized portion haha. But of course I was only trying to save space in my stomach for a chance to be able to try everything! I also thought the fresh juice next to the seafood was a plus. They had fresh squeezed fruit, cucumber, even carrot juice! . The only downside was that the desserts were WAY tooooo sweet! After eyeing the dessert section I was excited to eat all the cute sweets they had, only to find out that one bite or nibble from anything was already enough. The desserts certainly look real good and appealing, but one bite of a few was more than enough for my sweet tooth. . All in all, I still recommend this buffet for your trip to Vegas!
Great selection of seafood: oysters, crab legs, cocktail shrimps, mussels. Dont forget their desserts though: mochi, ice cream, and all their little cakes. However, there wasnt many varieties of sushi. Came in at 4pm on Friday and we were seated right away. The place started to get crowded around 5:30 pm and by the time we walk out, there was a long line waiting outside. Diner is $43, a little pricey but worth it.
Yum if you like buttery selections (eg. Broccoli , mac'n'cheese, mashed potatoes).  They do have a nice selection of Asian foods.  We went for lunch.  The dude cutting the meats have a positive attidude and makes the experience more enjoyable .  Though the price is a little high $41.99 for weekend brunch, but definitely worth a try.  You can save a whole buck if you are a current Caesar card holder, woot.
First let me preface this by saying that I do NOT enjoy buffets.  While they're generally quite affordable, I definitely appreciate quality of food over quantity.. . However, I was more than pleasantly surprised by the presentation AND the taste of the different cuisines.  But I'll get to that - first let me get to the details:. . - expect a wait.  I MEAN A LONG WAIT.  We were probably in line for about 30 minutes, and this was NOT during the dinner rush.. - it's about $50/ per person so it's not affordable, but definitely worth the cost. - the interior and sitting does NOT feel like a buffet.  This felt extremely high end and sophisticated, which was a nice change from other buffets. - there are about 5-6 different cuisines.  As much as I wanted to try all, I could only stuff myself with about 3.  Crazy!. . The food was amazing, but not out of this world, after all - it is still just a buffet.  I would definitely go again just for the experience, because there's so much variety and nothing is mediocre.  I also absolutely fell in love with their hot and sour soup!!!. . A great Vegas experience if you're looking to get lots of food in Vegas style.  But if you're looking for amazing food, I would deter from any buffet. :)
Was so excited to try out THE most popular and raved out buffet in Vegas. Located right in the Caesars palace. Went around 12 ish so you can say line was long. I hear it's around 1-2 hour wait line but luckily this time around it was 40 min. But my gf's and I were hungry so we paid an extra $15 on top of the $40 lunch fee for the express lane and waited only about 5-10 min. . . The inside is real nice, spacious and clean. Mimosas's are free and lots of other refreshing beverages at the stations. There was about 4 or 5 stations of Asian, Mexican, Breakfast, Seafood, and Italian. The asian station had good dumplings, and the pho hit the spot since we were hungover. For the meat area the habenero sausage link was so juicy and had a nice kick. The meat tacos were real good! highly recommend it!. Of course the food always changes so sad some of the food I saw on the pictures were not at the buffet :( . . The dessert station was centered right in the middle. The desserts were sadly just okay. I got practically one of each and most were just okay while 2 or 3 were tasty. The gelato was a miss for me. The crepes however were pretty good and made right when you order. . . I think I just had such high expectations from all the reviews I expected everything to be top notch. Overall I would come again. Still pretty good and would like to try dinner and breakfast. I must say I ate so much I felt I had to be wheel chaired out! Be ware you will leave satisfied and in my case sick haha but worth it :)
I'm still trying to figure out the Vegas buffet scene, so take this review with that appropriate grain of salt.. . I came here last month on a trip to Vegas from LA, and my group of friends and I (some of us who were first timers at Bacchanal, others who had been here at least once) stopped here for dinner on Saturday evening.  Even starting at 5:30-6, there was quite the line.  We waited a good 1+ hr, which I've been told is actually average/not very long for a Vegas buffet.  They kind of trick you because even after you pay at the counter on your way in, you still have to wait in a separate line to be seated.. . For $52 or so, you get everything under the sun.  I was impressed with not only the variety here but the little things they did to spruce up otherwise ordinary dishes.  For example, there was lobster corn chowder - not like big sized pieces of lobster, but I could still taste it.  The oysters were great and the line was manageable.  Prime rib, of course, was a must as well.  The lamb, in my opinion, was a bit dry, but the angus beef sliders were delicious and also came with a nice serving of sweet potato fries - how can you go wrong?  . . There's simply too much food to name, but I'll try and run through anything notable.  Some people had said there was fresh juice, and while I didn't see that, they did have a few agua frescas to choose from.  The carnitas from the Mexican section were excellent - moist, delicious, and the best part:  you grab as much as you want.  There was also a braised veal dish around the corner from the Mexican section that was absolutely to-die-for.  The meat melted in my mouth.. . I wasn't really a fan of the sushi section, and the dim sum seemed oversteamed and like it was sitting out too long, but I suppose these aren't reasons why most people go to buffets.  I was hoping the sushi section would have more raw fish in nigiri form, but the best it offered was a raw salmon-tuna salad, which was good, but not exactly what I was expecting.  I will say there is Chinese duck if that tickles your fancy as well as a black Chinese herbal soup, which was soothing. The ceviche was standard but nothing to write home about.  . . Dessert was amazing, too.  They have a bunch of different cupcakes - I got a peanut butter one because pb and I are besties, but I thought the cupcake batter was a bit dry.  Otherwise, you have an extremely impressive selection of pies, mousses, etc.  Too bad I didn't save more room for dessert - the savory food was just too good.  I think the best part of my meal, though, was the mochi ice cream I ended my meal with.  It was just too good.  I got black sesame flavor and I prayed that I had a separate stomach just so I could have more. What a perfect way to end a meal.. . In terms of beverages, make sure you know you can order teas and juices - I got grapefruit juice to help with my digestion during this multimillion caloric meal.  No one said anything about it being freshly juiced, but I was already impressed by the fact that they had it to begin with.. . Service:  Great!  Everyone was super friendly, despite probably being extremely tired from being overworked on a Saturday evening at such a well-oiled operation.  I feel bad that these workers are putting up with probably an extreme amount of pressure, and they all handled themselves very well, with smiles and grins abound.  No complaints.. . Bottom line:  I've only been to a few Vegas buffets, but this definitely tops the bunch.  Next on my list, however, is to compare my experience here with the Wynn, where I still haven't been.
We had brunch here for the first time and it was a great experience. Food was good quality and lots of variety. The best part was the fresh Gelato at the desert bar. Line was pretty long but very worth it! Overall it made me wanna come back and try there dinner!
If you're visiting Vegas, you have to try this place. HOLY DELICIOUSNESS. This was SEAFOOD HEAVEN for me. I'm not going to lie, I completely skipped everything and went straight for the seafood. I loaded my plate up with crab, oysters, sea bass, and shrimp for my first plate, then went back for more for my second plate. My dad must have had 3 plates of seafood. The lobster bisque and seafood paella were also amazing! Some of the seafood items I wasn't as thrilled about were the crawfish, sushi, ceviche, mussels, and clams, so my best advice would be to skip these and just grab more crab instead. . . I didn't try their prime rib because my brother said it wasn't worth it but their sausage was really juicy. I also really enjoyed their ramen. The broth was very rich and full of flavor. I barely remember anything but the seafood because I was in seafood bliss during the entire buffet. All I know is there was just SO MUCH FOOD. It was like sensory overload for me. I could barely contain my excitement. . . Luckily, I saved an itsy bitsy little pocket of room in my stomach for dessert which was perfect for ice cream, creme brulee, and red velvet whoopie pie. My only complaint about dessert is the creme brulee had a really weird texture to it. But there are so many different desserts to choose from, this didn't affect my experience at all. They have a big ice cream bar set up with a bunch of different flavors, mochi ice cream, pies and cakes for days, and a whole bunch of other stuff I can't remember because there was just too much food. . . Next time I'm back in Vegas, I will definitely stop by Bacchanal again. We were lucky enough to get in without having to wait at all. Try to go on a Sunday around 5 and you probably won't have to deal with the long lines I've heard about.
I came here on a Monday night at 5:00 PM and there was NO LINE!!!! ZERO!!! WOOHOO!! Paid $45.99 (a little on the pricey end for a Vegas buffet) but it's worth at least one try. However, I definitely would NOT wait over an hour for this buffet. I can't believe some people wait 2 hours! It IS one of the better buffets in Vegas (possibly the best!) but I personallywouldn't want to wait that long for it. . . I definitely got my money's worth from all the oysters I ate! YUM! The oysters here are small and slightly sweet (similar to Kumamoto oysters... not sure if they were those exactly though). I loved how they weren't briney! Just add a little bit of lemon and tapatio and voila! perfecccction! I also really liked their cocktail shrimp. They also have crab legs, but if you want WARM crab legs, they're in a separate section towards the back near the Asian food! Just ask the guy for it and he'll grab them out of a hot pot and plate them for you! The crab legs that you see next to the oysters in the seafood section are cold. Those are the ones you just get yourself.  . . I liked how this buffet had a lot of their foods already plated so it was easy to just grab and go (similar to Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmo). They also have a very wide variety of foods! Seafood, lots of meats (prime rib, lamb chops, etc. which were pretty good), Asian food (sushi, Chinese, etc), Italian, Mexican, seriously all kinds! One of my fave things I had was the corn on the cob. It sounds so simple and random but the flavor and the juiciness... OMG SO GOOD!! I also had a lobster corn bisque/soup which was amazingggg. I really enjoyed everything I ate here. . . I also really liked their dessert bar. They have the usual assortment of cakes, pastries, and cute little desserts like the other buffets. They can also make crepes! And they also have sorbets/ice cream as well as different flavors of mochi ice cream. Super soft and yummy! They also have macarons here!! I tried several different flavors and they were just A-OK. Not very consistent in terms of texture. Not as good as the ones at Bouchon Bakery so don't expect too much for the macarons. . . Overall beautiful buffet, definitely one of the best in Vegas! Worth a visit for sure!
Went for lunch and had a very little wait , not crowded which was also very fortunate. Start with the great - Dessert station! great and varied selections and everything tasted great. Seafood fresh and plentiful and lots of crab, shrimp and oysters.  Meats and sausages very tasty and prepared perfectly.  The good - Chinese, Italian and breads just had tasters didn't want to fill up too much. The so-so - Service, Our server gave the tables around us attentive service while we had sporadic service, picked up plates occasionally, drink refills not offered and when announcing that her shift was almost over, lingered a bit to receive tip, while we watched her announce to other tables the same thing, but didn't hover over their tables like ours.  Yes,  great buffet, our server took a little shine off the full dining experience.
As my friend described it, if there was a buffet in heaven, this would be the place. This place is just so heavenly. The food was terrific and there isn't anything that I didn't really like. The only negative of this place was the wait. My group waited for about an hour and a half and it began to become really tiring and annoying. However, regardless of the long line to pay, long line to be seated and long line to get some food, everything else was glorious. It's a must try when you are at Vegas.
Yumminess cubed, if you can't find something good to eat at Bacchanal, you're a picky eater my friend!  Because with expertly prepared American food (seafood-meats), Asian, Italian and Mexican you've got the broad swatch of deliciousness that most of us go to for a meal.  Queue up front if Bacchanal is busy, pay your $46.99 for dinner and you'll be ready to dig in!  Bacchanal has 4 or 5 modern dining rooms with different looks to make the buffet seem a bit upscale.  . . I did three rounds for my meal and some favorites included the prime rib, lasagna, and kobe slider.  People are buzzing around the room in a feeding frenzy so be careful!  Plates get bussed pretty quickly and you can order up a beer or wine along with the soft drinks you get with the buffet fee.  And definitely save room for dessert at Bacchanal, it may be the best part of the eating experience!  Parfaits, pastries, creme brulee and more will finish up your meal with some sweets.  . . Bacchanal may not be for everybody.  It's a lot of food in a noisy and busy environment but it still is one of the best buffets (probably the best) I've been to.  In the end you get quantity and quality here and that should always be appreciated...
Went for dinner on Saturday night and on Sunday night. Both times the food and the variety was extremely satisfying an better than anything else in Vegas (been to Wynns, Wicked Spoon, Bellagio). However the waiting time before entering the buffet on a Saturday is ridiculous and even worse is that the buffet is very crowded and you have to wait a lot at the different cooking stations. . Also the service could be better. Very friendly but it takes a while for all plates to e removed.
Be prepared to wait....the line was sooooooo long that after an extended amount of time we had to leave...I do want to come back when we are not in any schedule
I just visited this buffet recently and I much appreciated all the yelpers that helped me so let me help you forward.  The prices are high and even more so for weekends, $45 dinner and $50 on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  TR card holders save a whopping $1.  If you are a 24 hrs pass holder, you have to pay upgrade of $25, not $15 like before.  This applies for any day of the week.  Also, there are 2 VIP lines, one for 7 stars and one combo for Diamond and Platinum.  . . Now for the food, it has not changed, meaning its good quality.  Seafood is top notch.  Crab, shrimp, etc.  If you get in by 3pm, you get dinner around 3:15pm for the lunch price.  My opinion, I suggest not to do the buffet of buffet, but rather pay for the meal and enjoy it just once.  It's really hard to eat 2 dinners, one breakfast and one lunch in 24 hrs.  But do start with dinner and end with dinner.  Also watch the time stamp from when you start and end.  Its 23 hrs and 59 mins.  And for the ending you must get pass the cashier to beat the clock.  If you are in line and don't make it by the ending time, it's too bad so sad even if you prepaid.  Hope this helps everyone.. . Lastly, only Bachannal and Rio have surcharge prices for buffet pass users, otherwise you pay the listed price for whatever time you get in.
We arrived on 9/12 at about 4:45pm.  There was no line but I am sure there would be at a more normal time.  This buffet is over the top.  Where Wynn's, Bellagio stop this one goes to #11.  I am not exaggerating by much that the serving area is almost as big as the table area.  American, Mexican, Asian, Italian sections.  $45.00 for a buffet is a ton of money.  But let me make a case for the price to value.  If you want you eat all the crabs, shrimp, oysters, kyobi beef burger's you want.  If you don't want to eat seafood you can have lamb chops or prime rib carved to you specification.  Now I had two lamb chops and a slice of prime rib(not a huge slice just polite).  If I go to any high end steak house I have just spent $45 or more for either the lamb chops or the prime rib.  And these meats are high end quality.  Had a few shrimp, a couple of crab legs just to make sure I got my monies worth.  I did not have dessert but Mrs K said they where very good.  I am sure she did not get her $45.00 worth of food so there is the price problem.
At one point while at Bacchanal, sometime after eating a plate overflowing with at least a pound of crab legs and before taking on a final slice of cheesecake (one of the 5 desserts I ravaged), it dawned on me:. . "Oh god. I'm like one of the citizens of the Capital in the Hunger Games. What have I become?!". . I quickly parried that thought however; as much as I want to imagine myself in the vein of a half-starved (and ruggedly handsome) hero of District 12, sometimes...it's nice to indulge. . . And at Bacchanal, indulge you will. . . From the get-go, you know you are going to try to cram as much food as humanly possible into your stomach to try and "claw back'" some of the steep entry price (~50$). As a long distance runner with seemingly hollow legs who burns thousands of calories a workout, I think I ended up okay at Bacchanal, maybe eating $30 or so dollars worth of food at its retail price. I can live with that. . . Beyond calculations of value (which are almost meaningless in Vegas, which seems to be fueled on the wispy fumes of luxury itself), the fare is par for the course. Everything I ate was of high quality and tasty. . . One thing I didn't like so much was the blaring Euro-hip music. I think they blast it so you'll eat and leave more quickly, but...it was annoying not to be able to have conversations with the people I went with. . . Some things had an extra fine-tuned and endearing touch though, like the fish and chips in little metal frying crates or the Chinese dumplings in individual bamboo baskets (or maybe I'm easily impressed). . . Either way, those small details made the experience more than just a ridiculous gut-stuffing smorgasbord.
BUFFET at its Finest, top notch food, fresh seafood, spectacular deserts. I love this place, superb world class! If you have money to spare its worth to treat yourself or people (esp your out of town friends that were on vacation) and you'll make their experience a memorable one. Just make sure you have patience falling in line because it comes with the popularity that everyone wants to dine in, luckily my aunt is a diamond club member and we got in fast like just a walk in the park... Teehee!
This buffet is excellent! I came for lunch on a Saturday around 12:30PM and only waited about 20 minutes before we were seated. The decor inside is gorgeous! We were curious why everyone had mimosas on their tables and we found out it's included in the $45 price you pay for lunch!. . The setup is very similar to Wicked Spoon but bigger and better! I love the king crab legs and the meat station. They also have Asian, Mexican, and a HUGE dessert station! They offer udon, pho, and ramen at the Asian station and fresh made tacos at the Mexican station. Great gelato and cookies at the dessert station.. . Only downside is the waitresses are a little slow to refill your drinks, there doesn't seem to be enough workers to go around.. . Too many different foods to describe but everything was excellent!
I am writing this review as I take my fifth break from this buffet. My tummy is about to explode as I have been eating since noon. It is a little before 2pm and we are staying until the dinner transition at 3 when they finally serve the macarons for dinner. Here is my story. . . It is Monday and there was practically no wait whatsoever. We planned on going to the buffet after all that clubbing and pool activities and this was pretty much out highlight/thing we looked forward to the most. I forgot that it is also cheaper on Mondays so yay we win. Lunch is around 35 after tax and if you come after 3pm, then you pay around 10 bucks more. The best thing to do is come around 1:30 to 2 so you pay for lunch but then you are there for the dinner goodies. Asian cheap thinking right there. If it is weekends, the wait in line can be close to an hour and is more expensive so be prepared. . . They have a range of food from Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Italian, seafood and hella meat. They will have the typical food you expect at buffets but I noticed there are not as many of those prepared dishes with multiple ingredients if that makes sense. These are the things I got and I really recommend. . Orange juice- fresh with pulp and no sour taste! Some of the best OJ I have had. Omelet- comes with everything you can imagine like sausage, ham, mushrooms spinach. Congee- tastes so good and has preserved egg! Chinese donut tooo. Ramen- comes with pork and even tonkatsu flavor. Pulled pork- in the Mexico section. So flavorful. Guacamole- next to Mexico. So fresh and there are chunks of guac! . Salmon- it's seared and I only got it cuz it's an expensive item. Tacos- they heat it fresh and are so the flavor. . Lava cake and hot baked cookie combo- they come in two separate containers but cut a hole in that and mix that fresh cookie in. It is mind blowing. . Fudge filled chocolate chip cookie- nuff said. Peanut butter filled dark chocolate chip cookie- my most favorite thing cuz I'm a Cookie Monster and I love PB. Nuff said. Gelato- so many flavors but I got caramel and strawberry cheesecake. Macarons- available for dinner starting at 3. . Overall, buffets are good no matter what. It's also cheaper on weekdays for lunch so that coo. I was trying to do the lunch dinner transition for the Wynn buffet but they close down in between. I feel like there are not as many dishes at this place than The Buffet or Wicked Spoon. I like Wicked Spoon better cuz I feel like they have more savory plates and more desserts. I just remember their yogurt with blueberries in the chocolate cup was divine. I'm still sitting here and waiting for my tummy to chillax until my flight leaves. I knew if I didn't write this now, I would forget the entrees and I would be eating more shiz instead of resting. Good luck. . . **TIPS**. 1) Weekday lunch is 11am to 3pm for $35 or so. Dinner starts 3pm and after for maybe ten bucks more. . 2) Peanut butter filled chocolate chip cookie is heaven. I love you. . 3) Wear the loose clothes that is a two sizes bigger than usual. It will be filled. . 4) Enjoy!
FINALLY got to try the highly praised Bacchanal Buffet inside the Caesar's Palace.. I gotta say that I was quite impressed with the wide selection and excellent quality of the food. Did I eat $60 worth of buffet grub? I'm not so sure. To be honest, my experience here could have been better. I felt like a marathoner that couldn't finish the race. . . I literally started off with a sprint. I ran to the first station of food that I could lust my eyes upon which was the carving station. I got 2 legs of lamb, 2 bbq pork ribs, prime rib, and a truffle potato gratin. It filled up two plates, and I devoured it. The meats were a little salty, but I really enjoyed the truffle potato. Unfortunately, I could start to feel the effects of starting off too quickly. Next, I went on to the seafood station which included jumbo sized cocktail shrimp, mussels, snow crab legs, and raw oysters. The seafood was a little salty as well which resulted in a lot of water consumption. Then, I went on to try their dim sum and sushi. The spicy salmon sashimi was fresh and very tasty. Finally, the reason why I feel like I couldn't finish the race was because I was too stuffed to really enjoy the seductive looking desserts. They had macarons, all different kinds of cake, ice cream, and even Mochi freakin ice cream! Sadly, my stomach only had room for a black sesame and green tea Mochi ice cream :(. . Gotta come in with a better strategy next time!
All the food was amazing, but it seemed like the have a variety of different types of food instead of variety of the types of food. It seemed like whatever you felt like eating was very limited in options. The wait was very long, and you have to stand throughout the whole thing, so be ready to wait. The desert was amazing, the mochi melted in your mouth and was so good. In the end, if you are willing to wait, and eat a lot, you'll get your money's worth and be satisfied.
This is my favorite buffet currently and I've been here twice. Unfortunately both times I didn't get to indulge. The first time I had about an hour to eat before jetting off to the airport. There was so much to enjoy, but so little time.. . This time around the food didn't disappoint either. However, I was beyond drunk and don't remember most of what I ate. I'm pretty sure I had crab legs and oysters which are always delicious. I then went to the Asian station looking for Shanghai soup dumplings which they didn't have. Bummer. I ended up getting the ginseng chicken soup in that awesome jar/pot and my drunk ass loved it. I went back for ramen which was always delicious. Then things got kind of fuzzy here..I might have taken a nap I don't know. But I stumbled to the desserts and loaded up with a bunch of stuff..but the only thing I remember was black sesame ice cream mochi which was lovely.. . My table was one of the last ones there and I went to get pho to sober up but the dude said they were closing. I stumbled to the Mexican station and got pozole with lots of lime and that actually helped. We ordered coffee and our waiter brought us a giant pot and that tasted delightful.. . I hope the next time I'm back in Vegas, this buffet will still be great and I'll finally get to enjoy it like a normal person. Until then...Bacchanal wins again.
This is one of the best buffets in Vegas! . . Mostly everything I tried during our dine in was extremely delicious and flavorful. Whether I was sampling cured meats and cheeses or truffle risotto everything had so much fresh flavor!. . Please make sure to spend time at the carving station, and DO NOT pass up trying the brisket or the prime rib - both are amazing! The Kung pow chicken was the spiciest most amazing version I've ever experienced, and that's saying a lot especially when I never expected such heat in ever bite! . . However, regardless of how good food is here, there were a handful of things that made me stop and say "what?" Namely out server, who was pleasant but handled our tables plates and silverware sloppily, and hardly brought refills. She also never inquired about additional beverage services throughout the menu, after she took our first drink orders. Also there is a lackluster selection of seafood (disclaimer - what seafood was here was large and impressive, e.g. U-10 sized cocktail shrimp) offered. The clam chowder was fair, too sweet, and strangely thin for a chowder - regardless of how big the chunks of lobster were I was confused about this dish all the more. Additionally the dessert selection has its ups and downs compared to Wicked Spoon.. . The atmosphere is breath taking and overlooks the backside of the Caesars Palace pool. A mixture of glass and wood are spread throughout the multiple dining rooms giving a modern classic edge to a buffet. . . 4 stars, it is amazing but has some small slight flaws.
After 17 million spend this is the #1 buffet in Las Vegas for now  for kitchen cleanliness, staff knowledge and services. Great unique presentations, healthy options and variety. I hope the employers keep the employees treated well. This place is amazing. The departure of the head chef Scott Green to the Wynn I hope will not reduce the quality. Hiring a lower qualified chef than your previous award winning   is a risk. And yes I have eaten at every buffet in the city, the only thing better is the M brunch on Sundays only.
The food is good, the service is ok, the price is expensive, and the design all though pleasing to the eye, not good for accessibility. The sneeze guards and counters are so low unless your under 5 feet you have to really lean over to see what is under the counter. The salad and sushi area is the absolute worst for accessibility. I do love the little gourmet tapas they make in each area. They have a small chilled plate with a beat salad that is to die for!! I have to get like 2 or 3 of these and dump them on a bigger plate on some butter leaf lettuce every time I go. (this way i make it a large dinner salad.) They are always shucking fresh oysters, you usually need to wait but when you get them they are freshly shucked. They also make sure they keep them very cold which is a plus. If you like dim sum they have a variety, The spear ribs are very tasty, and the bun boa most of the time is very soft and steamed to perfection. They have so many deserts. So they do have small secret if you walk over to the desert area and ask for a souffle they will make you  a personal one. I was not a fan of the souffle and think they should work on the recipe a bit. But what an awesome idea. If they can perfect that souffle and give it the right flavor, it would be perfect with some fresh vanilla ice cream. The reason I say the service is poor is because I have to ask for refills every time I go. I have a diamond status with this hotel which usually gets you better treatment. I love not having to wait in the line. That is a huge plus!! I'm a little spoiled with this. But once I'm inside the service is mediocre compared to the other establishments the property owns. I don't think it's the individuals working I just think it's not organized well. Oh and if you go to get your seafood, be careful because sometime the line curves right into a door that opens out from the kitchen. your food might get knocked out of your hand if you stand to close. I think a couple tweaks constructionally to the restaurant and it would be perfect. It totally beats the previous caesars buffet they had!!! You have to try it at least once.
Definitely the very BEST Buffet experience I have ever had.  So why not the 5 stars?  The price...for what the food is, I just can't in good conscience fork over that kind of cash for the grub each time.  This place is 100% worth trying, but I hope the "hype" dies down someday and the buffet pass is taken here without the additional monies PER MEAL that is currently required.
Of all the buffets I've tried in Vegas, I can say that this is by far one of the good ones. I know what all of you are thinking....Vegas buffets are all the same. You guys may be right, but with a good group of friends and not giving a crap about your calorie intake, this is a place for you. . . I am glad my experience here was with my group of friends. Wehad a blast here ! Don't expect gold and lobster and all that good stuff, cause you probably won't get it here. BUT the food here was pretty decent and surprisingly coming from SGV, I've had my fair share of chinese food and here at Bacchanal, it was GOOD! I was expecting some Panda Express but dude. The stuff they had was pretty good. . . Ramen??? PHO?!? PORRIDGE?! Who has porridge ?!? I was kinda shocked but hey, all the food in this buffet was bombay! Maybe cause we were starving waiting in that 40-1hour line but it was totally worth it. My girlfriends and I probably ate $200 worth of just dessert. Haha and some more. ;) But they had a meat station with 20 kinds of meat, a taco station where you get fresh tortillas and make your tacos. Seafood, aqua frescas, cheese and meats, salad bar...typical stuff you would find at the buffet. They also have fried items that they put in these little cute cart looking baskets and different kind of soups and pastas.. . BUT THE DESSERT...IF YOU ARE A DESSERT PERSON, you better hope you have a copy of insanity workout after you inhale all of different kinds of sweets they have. I usually hate macaroons, but after I had it here, I fell in love! Especially with the caramel flavor one! I loved the chocolate desserts, talk about melt in your mouth! I will probably come back if I feel like inhaling another 10k calories! :)
So I'm not usually a buffet person and especially for that price. But we won free passes and went with some friends. Had a blast.. From the woman at the register cracking jokes with us thinking we were employees and the friendly servers who kept us on the ball with our glasses full and table cleared, it was a good experience.. The food was good with large selection from sushi, to lamb chops to paella. The sushi was good, the lamb average but the brisket good and filling and the paella was good! The ribs were quite fatty however. The seafood selection was great and quite enjoyed it! I tried different stuff than last time and was quite happy. Some of the bread was average but we liked the pretzel bread. The desserts were a hit with everyone as we shared and they had souffle this time. Tom got plates of cake pops and jelly bellys, I tried mochi for the first time (not quite sure about it), and loved the cobbler!!! . The little drink bottles: pina wasn't so good but the horchatta was and love the little bottles . We were so full none of us could get up so we sat and talked for awhile. The four stars is for price and some of the stuff stated above. Also be sure to go either at off hour (no line at 9 when leaving) or be prepared to wait!
Michele and I won 2  free passes at the Bacchanal Bingo Buffet Elite Event.  So we brought a couple of friends to enjoy the night with us.  The line wasn't long for us to wait, but part of that was because our guests came early to do the waiting.  We get to the front of the line and provided the tickets.  We were mistaken for employees, but we soon rectified that.  Damn, our morals.  Anyhow, we were taken to our seats and the feasting began.. . I sat at the table to watch some purses and order some drinks.  When they got back, I got up as it was my turn to "GLUTTON IT UP". . I started out with my new found favorite... Sushi.  I don't know exactly what I got but it was good.  Also on my plate was Dim Sum, Miso Soup, Lo Mein, and a couple of egg rolls.. . Plate 2, I decided to go a different route.  I had a Lamb Chop.  That was the first time that I have ever eaten lamb.  It was good and I didn't feel guilty because the lamb was probably a cute thing running around a couple of weeks prior.  On that plate was also, a slice of pizza, some more dim sum and some other things that I can't remember.. . Plate 3, the reason that I couldn't wait to get back.  Dessert: Cake Pops and Jelly Belly's.  Nothing else mattered to me.  I knew that I could eat about $30 worth of Jelly Belly's.  One of my weaknesses.  They were so good.. . The company was fun too.  We took a few pictures post grubbing.  And, it took us a while to get out of our seats to leave.
This buffet is worth it! Chinese food with real steak/beef, mochi ice cream, beef teriyaki short ribs, print rib, brisket, fresh salsa and chips of many types, and lots of meat. Very clean, fancy, and expansive. Nice renovation.
Why, oh why, oh why did I have to be hungover as death when eating here?  I was literally squirming in my seat trying to keep my food going the right way (as in down, not back up).  I started with 2 soups, hot and sour and French onion, and crap-load of Sierra Mist.  The hot and sour was meh, the French onion was yummy, and the Sierra Mist was to die for.  I just wish I had felt better, because I know my perception was skewed due to the number of alcoholic beverages I had consumed the previous night.  Some things I probably would have loved were the antipasto meats and cheeses, and the tacos, but alas, I was forced to stick to soup and salad for the most part.  Boooooo.  Next time....I will wreck you.
Although I waited in line to eat here longer than any nightclub, I loved this place! . . So, buffets are typically pretty amazing because you get to eat a little (or a lot) of everything. This buffet has more food stations than you'd typically see and their food is actually really good and fresh. . . I came for brunch which is a good time to go since they serve bottomless mimosas! Also, if you go during the tail end of brunch you get more selection since they start transitioning into the lunch menu. . . Their seafood, sushi, and dessert stations were my faves. Their dessert station includes several different flavors of gelato. Try the Thai iced tea and French toast gelato. Yumm!
We opted for the buffet. My husband likes to try a variety of food.. Which they def. had, I love that they serve Sushi- Dim sum Mexican food- American- seafood.. If was a great mix!! Only disappointment was when I went to get the nigiri tuna sushi- they were out!! It is a bit pricey and there is a wait.. But that's okay.. You get what you pay for!! Enjoyed!!!  We will come back on our next trip!!!
I've anticipated in trying this buffet since it first opened, but never got around to planning a vegas trip. Finally got to try this buffet in August '13 and Oct '13!. . My goal is pretty much to eat at every buffet offered in vegas and so far I've tried almost all of them! In my comparison to The Buffet at Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Aria, Bellagio, M Studio Buffet, I would say Bacchanal didn't exceed my expectations :( The Wynn still ranks best for me.. . Both times that I've tried Bacchanal was during the time between brunch and dinner so I got to try food from both menus. Surprisingly the food doesn't change much... Both months had the same food for both brunch & dinner. TIP: Make sure you come in between so probably around 2/2:30 so you can get both brunch and dinner but pay only brunch price! Plus the wait isn't as long and goes by fast. Both times I only waited about 30 mins and make sure you get your TR card so you can get a discount it comes out to be about $40 with UNLIMITED MIMOSAS ETC. . Anyway the foods that really stood out for me were the sweet potato tater tots in the little baskets they were soooo good! The meat section always had a long line, the standout meats were the lamb chops & ribs. They had all sorts of variety of sausages as well from chicken to turkey. The prime rib was good perfect medium rare. I found out the reason for the long line at the meat station is 'cause there's only one worker manning the station. In other buffets they sort of divide up the meat sections so there isn't always one long line of carnivores waiting in line starving.. . In the back is the asian/pizza section. The asian section here is HUGE compared to other buffets. Surprisingly the asian food served here is REALLY good. I like the crispy spicy fish thing (forgot what it was called) and the eggplants. My friends had a bunch of the sushi and said it was good quality. They give you these cute plastic fish soysauce holders also. The dim sum section was good especially the shu mai. The DIY pho broth and tonkatsu broth flavor were on point as well. Same with the roast duck & BBQ PORK!!! So yeah if you have a super asian family, bring them to bacchanal. . The pizza here is ok, the Wynn is still better. The dough just isn't crisp enough. . CRAB LEGS!! They boil them fresh for you so you get hot crab legs to dip in butter. What most ppl overlook is their delicious clam chowder here!! It's sooo good and creamy with their pretzel/sourdough bread. The breads look like its on display, but you actually can eat them I think that's why most ppl overlook the clam chowder area. They also have baked clams & mussels in little portioned buckets, but those were just ok. . The Mexican food station is bomb as well, they've got made to order al pastor, chicken, etc tacos. I love the pulled pork as well it's always nice and tender. . Omelette - I like it here 'cause they use the nonstick spray to "grease" the pan instead of ladling a ton of oil onto the pan.. . DESSERTS - They've got MOCHI, gelato, and DIY crepes. The dessert section isn't as great as the wynn or wicked spoon. However, they have these delicious chocolate cookies w/ peanut butter filling inside sooooooo good!!. . Overall this buffet is HUGE! I pretty much ate everything there, but still something was missing at this buffet, not sure what.
Situation: In Vegas for an All-Guys Trip, Saturday Lunch. . The line was out the door. It was least a 2 hour wait. If you're at least a Total Rewards Diamond Star Member, then you can skip the line and look at all the people as you walked by them. Hint: Also a good way to pick up girls. It works for the club, I don't see why it can't work for the buffet line too. **DISCLAIMER** Not tested, but I'll let you know next time I'm in Vegas.. . Lunch comes out to about $45 dollars. There is an 18% gratuity with 8+ people. Lunch didn't have oysters, but I've been here before for dinner where they did have oysters. . . The meal comes with bottomless mimosa. So you can definitely go HAM there. I was full before I went halfway around the food stations. Some of my favorite items were the Cheese & Potato Gratin, the crab legs, the seafood, etc. Actually I lived everything about it. My suggest to the Asians out there, don't just go for the high price items, do what you're suppose to really do at a buffet which is sample and taste everything on the menu. Every item is superb in its own respect. When the typical Hot & Sour soup that you normally see in the Chinese Markets was superb. This is culinary buffet cooking at its finest. They have Orchota. They also have the cold version and the hot version of the crab legs, try both.. . 5-Star Scenario:. . -Come here on a Sunday after clubbing, if you're like me and can eat a lot the next day after a long night of drinking amongst other things.. -Come here around 10ish if you want to avoid the lines for lunch. This is usually before people check out of the hotels. . -If you don't want to worry about food for your entire Vegas trip, get the Buffets of the Buffets deal. If you time this right, you can actually get 4 meals out of it. Also if you book the hotel room for 2 nights, they'll include you 2 buffets passes for free (granted, the price is baked into the price of the Hotel Room from the normal Hotel rate. But, you'll basically get one buffet pass free from the analysis I've done on a couple rates). . 5-Star Recommendation:. . . -Be a Diamond Club member or know someone that's a Diamond Club member. If we're in Vegas at the same time, I'd be happy to walk you in.. -Try a little bit of each item, you'll never know when you'll really like something.. -If the price was $10 dollars cheaper, I would eat here every time I go to Vegas. At this price, I can only go every other time ; (
This is one of the better buffets around.  . . The highlights:. - Carving Station. - Cucumber juice - my favorite. - Taco station. - Decent, but not great ramen. - Dessert bar . - Crab legs, heated. - Oysters. . The low-lights:. - The sushi. - The Italian food lack in selection. - The Asian food was limited, there was no xao lum bao on my visit. . I would for sure come here, again, when in Vegas.  Especially if someone in my party loves dessert, as they probably have one of the better dessert bars around.
Researched top buffets in Vegas and this one seemed to have consistently strong reviews.  The price is on the higher end, but for dinner, I thought definitely worth it.. . I enjoy buffets not so much to gorge myself with quantity, but for the sheer variety of options.  I literally like the EXPERIENCE of having so many options and having a BITE of one thing that looks tempting or novel is not out of the question.. . Went for dinner around 8ish on a weeknight, so the wait was negligible. . . There were several stations organized by themes: Seafood, Mexican, American Comfort Food, Italian/Charcuterie, Asian (Sushi, Noodles, Dumplings) and Dessert.. . Everything was well-presented and it didn't appear anything was sitting around too long even on a slow night.  . . Favorites: Sweet potato tater tots, Seafood Paella (tons of mussels & clams), Dessert (Mochi, Macarons, Gelato -- some eclectic flavor options too!), Charcuterie meat selections, Supreme Pizza.  The seafood, dessert & american comfort food stations were probably the top 3.. . As mentioned above, like to try a bite of nearly everything and I think I did with the exception of the Mexican station (there's no dearth of excellent options in Socal).  Also - I'm not a crab leg person as I'm allergic, but the giant snow crab (or alaskan king crab legs) were very popular - I even saw one tiny lady pack a plate high with at least 25. Given that - the favorites above were the standout for me.  Most notably - the dessert - I don't even have a sweet tooth, but I'd say the dessert offerings alone warranted the price alone. . . The disappointment was the asian food.  Lots of option - but all very mediocre to blech.  The dumplings were a shame (chewy and flavorless) and the sushi - well, I had one bite & never have high expectations for sushi en masse (and I thought it was meh), bbq pork chewy, noodles over-cooked & salty and so forth.. . The ambience of the dining area is very upscale featuring modern decor - very open, well-lit and spacious.. . IMHO - definitely worth it for the weekday dinner price!
A little pricy at 50.00 a head,  but fresh with great selection. Ramen was pretty good also with a great selection of sushi and meats. Shrimp cocktail was tasty too.
Hadn't been to a top Vegas buffet in a while so decided to try the "new" one - Bacchanal, which had a lot of great reviews.. I ended up very satisfied with my choice.. A friend and I went there during early Friday evening expecting to wait for a while but I guess we hit the sweet spot and walked right in (just before 6 pm).. Somebody had recommended the tomahawk steak but apparently it was not available on this night.  Perhaps a weekend only item?. However, there was plenty of other good food including:. - Pork ribs - excellent dry rubbed ribs. - Fine cold cuts  (salami, etc). - Warm crab legs. - Sashimi. - Sliders. - Truffled Potato Gratin - these really are great. There was plenty more to be had if only I had room for everything.. The dessert selection and apparent quality is amazing but I only had enough room left for a little sherbet, which was delicious.. To be fair, let me mention the couple of small negatives: . 1- the sashimi was gone when I went back a second time . 2- there was a bottled juice section but the juices were warm. 3- maybe I could have asked for ice for the juices but the server was not around as often as we would have liked. It was a great experience and I would not hesitate to eat there again, provided I wanted to spend around $60 (including tip).  For me, it's a close race between this and Bellagio.
not to much to say about buffets in sin city. this is probably one of the best i have had in a looooog time. dined on a friday night, buuuuussy!!! but, when ur with a group who make u laugh happy being with? noo problem. u can skip the long line n pay an extra 10-20 dollars to go to express line.
What a buffet!  The food was soooooo delicious and the desserts....THE DESSERTS!!!  I won't need to elaborate on the food except...you should try it!  But, I did take away 1 star because of the following:. . 1. Of course the "best buffet in L.V." has about a 2 hour wait on Sunday evening at 6:30pm...still it was worth it.. . 2. We came in a group of 6 + 1 baby.  When we got to the cashiers, we told her that we had that many in our party and she told us that they only have seats for groups of 5 or less.  What?!  I don't believe it!  So we said we'd split if that was the only case.  When we got to the end of the line for seating, we saw TWO groups of more than 7 people (who were in line WAY behind us) go in together!  When I asked the host why we were told they didn't have tables for 6 or more, she told me we asked to split up!  And that if we really wanted to, we could've pretty much begged the cashier to put us together, but our wait would be much longer.  WHAT?!  The family BEHIND us didn't have a "much longer" wait than us.  . . Usually, with service like that, I'd take at least 2 or 3 stars off...but it was good food, AND the waiters who walk around were SO nice!!!!  Yes, each person is about $51 during weekend dinner time, but this is a top buffet...I think it's actually CHEAP for what you'll get!
On my most recent Vegas trip, this was a must stop.  I've heard so much about this place from friends and of all people... my mom!  My boyfriend and I were meeting friends at the buffet, and we heard that the wait for the buffet would be long.  So we decided to arrive a little early and claim a spot in line.  Once our friends arrived, they happened to be in Vegas the same weekend as us, they said we may be able to jump the line because they were Platinum Total Rewards cardholders!  Score!  Instead of waiting another 30 minutes, we were seat right away after paying.. . As for the food, it was better than more buffets but the main draw was the seafood.  This is available only on the weekend I believe, but I could be wrong... it wouldn't be the first time.  Of course there is crab legs, you can get cold, steam, or boiled.  The food is out in small potions which can be nice because sometimes you don't want to touch the spoon after someone wipes the nose with his hand! ewwww gross!!  They have a lot of different craving stations with various cuts of meat and sausages.  The desserts were good they had French macarons (no double O), which were not so great.  I think the best thing was the black chicken soup.  I know it sounds scary but it tastes good and is good for you. As my mom says, "It cleanses your system.". . Bacchanal was good, would I come back?  Maybe.  If I become a Platinum Total Rewards cardholder (I still have a long way to go) or go at an off time (whenever that is!) because the line was ridiculous!
This was a great buffet! I took away 1 star because not everything hit the mark but a majority did. Also we missed the other half of the buffet half the time since it was hidden around the corner in another room. Of course there was a line but  for the length it went by pretty fast. We did go toward the end of the night. We chowed on everything from crab legs to prime rib (still on the rib,dinosaur size) to sushi and made to order ramen.  We will be back and will come more hungry!
I may have just spent $55 on a burger and tater tots, and I may be perfectly ok with that. . . The sweet potato tots with ginger maple glaze were magical. . . The wagyu beef sliders were tasty but not substantially better than good local farm raised beef. . . The tacos al pastor were really really good, as was the risotto.  During the taco course I had some of the horchata which was very nicely spiced. . . . Desert was cream themed: black berry panna cotta, flan and chocolate creme brulee. All awesome. . . Most expensive of my great buffet tour but I felt it was worth it.
The name of the game here is excess, folks. I mean, it is called the BACCHANAL BUFFET. If you don't hate yourself at the end of the meal, you didn't do the place justice. . . My motto is "come for lunch; stay for dinner," and that is exactly what my group and I did, for three hours on a friday afternoon. . . Bacchanal highlights: . *My bro and his wife loved the burger sliders. They said it was the best thing they had there.. *I really enjoyed the congee. It was freaking amazing!. *Macaroons were a-freaking-mazing!. *Charcuterie was great. Wonderful selection of meats, cheeses, dried fruits & nuts. They could add some more bread and cracker type things. . . Bacchanal MISSES: . OYSTERS were disappointing. They were sandy & icky. Come on now, Caesar's. . CRAB was also disappointing. They had them pre-cut & sliced down the middle, and sitting in big pots of what seems like just plain water. Crab came out really bland-tasting.. SERVICE was hit or miss. The lady we had at first was rarely there. When it was time for her shift to end, she came over, opened the check presenter (i ordered wine and paid at the table) to, i assume, see if i included her tip, and when she saw that there was no tip in there, said, "I'm off in ten minutes," and handed it back to me. After I put her tip in there, she disappeared! I had to hail a random person to ask if I could get plates cleared. . . Tip: Am glad I came for lunch instead of dinner that friday. for an extra 20 bucks, dinner came with crab, buckets of mussels & clams, and not much more that couldn't be missed. Go for lunch and save yourself some $$ for the tables!. . ***oh, and they also had mochi, but i saw the person refilling them & they came out of boxes (mikawaya brand)!
Probably one of the best buffets I've been to in vegas. I came for the Saturday brunch at around 12:00 and the wait was about an hour and 10 minutes which isn't too bad considering it's usually about 2 hours. The stations here are insane. They have every cuisine you can think of, the only thing missing was Indian.  Everything was authentic and super fresh. The best part though was the  Fresh crepe station!
After a devastating day losing money at the MIrage sportsbook (I'm looking at you Colts and Cowboys) we wandered over to Caesar's to see what all the hype was about.  A friend of mine (GSP) kept nagging constantly to try the Bacchanal Buffet and said it was the BEST.  Really? the BEST!  Since she did teach me how to pay craps I decided to give it a try.  The line was short but it was around 9PM on a Sunday night.  I  jumped straight for the wings. fried chicken and potato skins, not realizing how gigantic this place was.  After initially stuffing my face, I took a lap around the place, lots of stations, too numerous to describe, but seafood, chinese food, meat carving stations, pots of stuff with sauce, etc and a giant dessert station.  I tried the Chinese food, very good (sorry Panda Express, another restaurant has bumped you even further down the Chinese food hierarchy).  There was a lot of talk about the macaroons, the fancy colored ones not the coconut ones (like the Manischewitz ones in a can), I was "meh", no big deal. What's up with that?  The mini creme brulees were better.  OVerall, I will try this place again, preferably after a 3 day fast and work my way around the whole.  I admit I enjoyed it more than the Wynn's Buffet, but very close to the Bellagio's.  Next time....
What I Learned From My Bacchanal Buffet Experience. .                                                               by Lori R. . .     1)  If you want the SUPER Bacchanal experience you must go after 3pm!  A lot of what I've heard described in reviews was NOT on the buffet that we went to on a Tuesday at lunchtime.. .     That being said, we also paid half of what others pay at night.  We arrived around 10:45 a.m., so it was around $50 for both of us (before tip).. .    2)  TIP!  Add gratuity to that bill when you pay it at the register.  They will MARK your receipt as a tipper.  Don't know if that gives you extra credit or what, but they sure make note of it.  And if that's not reason enough, these servers work hard keeping your drinks refilled and whisking away endless empty plates.  They also take salt and pepper shakers very seriously, as I heard a serious conversation that involved keeping track of whose were whose. (you have to ask for it, if you want them, by the way, they aren't on the table).. .   3) PACE YOURSELF.  They were changing over from breakfast to lunch when we arrived, so they kept putting out new things.  Favorites for me were some Asian items...the eggplant, green beans, fried fish.  Also thought the sliders were excellentquality, onion rings very good.  There was an awesome truffled potato gratin, a tasty tater tot casserole...a very flavorful chicken habanero sausage (although there was nothing habanero hot about it).  From the Italian section, not a lot was calling out to me, but I did have a meatball which was good, although very big...a smaller one would have been even better.    Seafood was disappointing to me, as expectations were high based on the reviews I had read, but those were obviously for dinner.  I asked if it was too early for crab legs, and was told yes, not until after 3.  Steamed shrimp were good though.. .    4) Dessert selection must be different this early in the day, also.  VERY GOOD though, but sadly, no macaroons!  I tried a passion fruit meringue tart and a chocolate creme brulee.  Both were pretty good.. .    So, to sum up my personal Bacchanal experience, it was quite good, but being lunch-time buffet eaters,  we have preferred our lunch-time experiences at both  Wynn and Wicked Spoon.
Buffet had a large variety, a little bit of everything for everyone. Most of the food was very tasty and flavorful. I Loved the Mac and Cheese! My only regret is not going earlier. We arrived around 8:30pm and after the hour wait, it left us with very little time to pig out. I think its worth the money though, we were allowed to stay and eat till 10:30pm. Even though it was later there was plenty of everything and it was packed with guests! Desserts were good and service was helpful and attentive. I would go back again in the future, with more time of course:)
The best buffet on the strip. Great selection, only problem is the wait. can't really blame them for that.
In the words of my boyfriend, "This is the best Vegas buffet I've ever been to". . Pros. -HUGE, there's so much selection so there's something for everyone (Seafood, meat, mexican, pizza, pasta, asian, etc.). -Staff was very attentive. -Everything we sampled was good and "authentic" enough. -Seafood fresh. -Nice dessert section (tons of ice cream and mochi, cookies, cupcakes, macaroons, pies, etc.). . Cons. -Long lines (we came at 8p and walked right in so we lucked out but we've heard there can be crazy lines). -It's expensive (~$115 for two for dinner from what I remember).
I have been here i think 3 separate times, and since my first visit, I would always visit this place once when i come back to vegas.. . The presentation of the food is probably just as good as the food itself. Haven't been to alot of the newer buffets around vegas but this place is something new from what you see at Rio, Planet Hollywood, and older hotels. See pictures for reference.. . The food quality is pretty much what you expect for what you pay. They have a large variety to choose from, an example would be fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, potato tots, sweet potato tots. So when you come here you can probably expect to see something you never seen at other buffets.. . The environment seems to be more relaxed. I feel like i'm eating at home more than outside at a restaurant. The furniture they use has something to do with it, but also the decorations they decide to use is much more home like.. . I gave this 4 stars because it is on the more expensive side. I would rather spend less for lesser quality food/variety. However I think this is someplace that everyone should come to at least once. That is just me however
"Too much of a good thing can be wonderful!" - Mae West. . Loosen the belt buckle or better yet break out the sweatpants. Avoid eating any large meals all day, stick to a banana and arrive at the The Bacchannal ready to eat! The line to dinner can be pretty long we waited over half an hour to pay and then another 10-15 minutes to be seated. They took our picture before being seated, I think to compare how bloated and defeated we where at the end. The Bacchannal is really an orgy of tastes and flavors with over 500 dishes. They rotate so many different things that if you went two nights in a row they would mix it up. They have 6 different stations of food. The seafood section is amazing very fresh and amazing crab legs, lobster and corn chowder, a mini clambake basket, a mini crayfish boil basket. For warm crab legs go to the Italian section. . . The Chinese section is also a must. The dim sum was so good but seemed to lack the individual attention like most dim sum locations. . . The last location that is a must is the dessert station. Save room! So many choices, fresh crepes with so many different choices to add to it. Tiramisu shooters, small cheesecakes and carrot cakes. Chocolate dipped strawberry! . . The price for dinner during the week is 50 dollars. Slightly pricey (and what ultimately makes me deduct a star). During the weekend they jack up the price (which is standard in Vegas). . . Also tip your attendant, they are bringing you drinks and taking plates away for you. . . Enjoy rolling out of the Bacchannal!
Bacchanal is better than Wicked Spoon. . I came here twice within a 48 hour period, not because its the best tasting food in vegas, but because its the best buffet in Vegas!. . When it comes to buffet i typically hate them blah blah blah, so for me to come here twice its says something about buffets. I came here during two different times, once during the transition time (2PM) and the second time was during dinner. The transition time is best value time because they are transitioning from lunch to dinner, but you pay the lunch price. Lunch is $35 while dinner is $50. I was hoping that the dinner menu was going to be completely different, but it wasn't. . . Im not going to list everything i tasted there, but i will say that they offer a vast selections of cuisines from east to west parts of the globe. I was surprise that their dim sum was enjoyable (not the best) but great to there. The desserts were also a treat! The apple cobbler and expresso gelato being my favorite. . . This has been my best buffet experience yet. If you pay $35 during the transition hours - its the best value in vegas. If you go during dinner, $50 will get you the best buffet.
Came here at around noon time on Saturday for Brunch-Lunch Buffet. The line was long but moving.. so it was not too bad. . . Bacchanal has A LOT of selections.. . Asian food: sushi, dimsum, pho, ramen, udon, fried rice, chowfun, porridge with century eggs on the side, bbq pork ( must try.. delish!!!) and other Chinese dishes.... . Italian food: pizza, pasta, etc.. . Mexican food: yes they make tacos in front of you. And they are so good. You can choose from beef, chicken or pork... . Seafood: snow crab legs!!!! muscles, oysters, shrimps.... . They also have burgers, fries, sausages, roast beef, etc. and more food. Everything is pretty much already placed in small portions (cute lil plates or cups). . Desserts: heavenly with cakes, crepes, gelato.. notes: the chocolate cakes are yummmmm!!!!!!. . Lots of food to list out all here.. u gotta go check them out for yourself!
Awesome, you have got to try this place at least once in your lifetime, it was that good!
So worth the wait. We went during brunch time so we paid brunch price and managed to stay until they switched out to dinner food. The wait was about 40-45 minutes.. . I started off with a game plan: I wanted to try out each section. First, I went to try the pho and ramen section because I heard from friends that it was out of this world. While there, I took some pho, dumplings, and sushi. I wasn't impressed. And right there, my first impression of Bacchanal wasn't as expected. My first bites all had nuts, which I was not aware of. So I instantly spat them out. The pho even tasted nutty to me. The buffet staff should list allergies on the foods' placards for those who have allergies like me. So I thought that because I think I could find pho and dumplings anywhere else, I decided to explore the rest of the buffet.. . My spirits went back up after I fell in love with THE LAMBCHOPS. I cannot begin to explain how amazing, beautiful, and flavorful each lamb chop is. The seasoning was just on point. The snow crab (with butter) was heavenly as well. Yummy mimosas too! Note that the mimosas are unlimited only during brunch time. One waiter was kind enough to refill even when they stopped brunch and began to move on to dinner. But the goodness didn't stop there. I cannot begin to explain my love for Bacchanal's dessert area. Love love LOVE their macarons. I also got a crepe which was just okay. They have Aguas Frescas too. Grabbed myself two hibiscus drinks because it was just too good. Not too sweet, not too bitter. Just perfect. . . Bacchanal has tons to offer. From Asian, Mexican, Mediterranean to American food... Bacchanal is where its at. Great, attentive waiters were always available to get your order for a drink or to take away your dishes. Although I think I came to Bacchanal way too hyped, I can finally conclude that it truly is, hands down, the BEST buffet in Vegas.
Thanksgiving weekend = three hour wait & $50 per person all day (i think usually its $40 per person for lunch). & it was actually worth it! Everything especially the seafood was super fresh! There were mexican, american, italian, asian, salad, and dessert sections. . Lots of meat- steak, ribs, sausages, chicken. fries, mashed potatoes, burgers, anything you can think of thats american. Served the crab both hot and cold, shrimp, ceviche.. tuna and salmon sashimi, mostly tuna sushi.. Lots of different kinds of chinese food. oysters came out after three so thank goodness we stayed for a good three hours. lots of variety for dessert, lots of ice cream flavors, cakes etc.. theres also on chocolate covered strawberries for dinner. . service was great, everyone was super friendly and attentive.. the only thing was that I kept comparing everything to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal has better quality seafood and more variety of meat but Wicked spoon has more small unique dishes and a better dessert section. Overall they're both about the same to me, just this place usually has a longer wait.. . Would def. come back for more!
Very good fare. Exceptional selection with fantastic variety. Be ready for a long wait. You may want to consider paying extra for the express line (extra $20)
We decided we wanted to celebrate our 8th anniversary and the well-known and most expensive buffet in Vegas. That is just how we roll!. . We came in the Monday before Thanksgiving to beat the crowd. My theory is to stay away from expensive and usually well-known places on holidays because the quality might not be as good as it would on another weekend. So, it was the perfect time for us to try this place for the first time.. . Pros:. oyster (I ate 3 dozens by myself!). prime rib (nicely seasoned...still thinking about it. Must eat it hot or warm). lamb chops (must eat warm or else it will taste gamey and chewy). sausage (not sure what it was made of, but it was sweet, moist and delicious). kabasa (sp?) (always yummy fatty sausage). warm crab legs (in the Italian area...sweet and yummy goodness). lobster chowder (just enough amount of creaminess). oyster shooters (I just ate the oyster in the shot to avoid taking up precious space in my tummy). horchata and all other frescas (DELICIOUS!). dessert ( try everything!). . . Cons:. Brisket (you can either get a fat on one end and lean meat on the other hand..it needs to be marbled. Therefore, it made it taste dry.). skirt steak (well-done..I am a med-rare kinda gal). Peach green tea (it was bland and not as sweet as I would like it). . . I took a tour of the place: I. . In the Asian area  few pieces of bbq pork and some eggplants. BBQ pork was pretty good but the eggplants were greasy. They were serving up pho, ramen, noodle soup, too. I didn't try any of it.. . In the Mexican area, I had an order of carne asada..that was pretty good meat if you're in to a little fat and tendon going on.. . Italian food looks like a bunch of pasta or bread...don't waste your stomach on that when you are at the buffet.. . Salad area was small for a reason...and a good reason, too. =). . So was it worth $50? I told my friends that it is worth if you plan to hang out for 3 hours or more. If you have to be some where at a certain time, your standing in line to pay to get in or food will eat up all of your time. We were there for 4 hours and my husband had to drag me out ( plus it was already 10pm) so take your time and enjoy the food and the company.. . We would definitely come back again!
Bacchanal. . A feast fit for the gods.. . Not sure if Zeus would dine on sweet potato tater tots or Hades would need a pot of salted boiling water to warm up crab legs, but these are two of the things that made my experience of the heralded buffet better than your average buffet experience in Las Vegas.. . It was by choice that we tried this place during the mid-to-tail-end of lunch to avoid the notorious crunch of a dinner rush that seems to be a trait for all Vegas buffets. This move proved to be the best in that we waited merely about 15-20 minutes to enter the buffet lines and modernistic decor.. . The usage of design and ergonomics seemed to be what impressed me at first. The appeal is pleasing to the eyes of the millennial and the jaded buffet goer. There is a theme with Vegas buffets as they try and entice you to believe that by offering a smorgasbord of so-called international fare you'll feel a small part of a palate that has experienced the world over without being a world traveler.. . Bacchanal attempts to do this and while the winding selection is immense and you can travel from Pan-Asian food choices to the Italian and Mexican atypical selections in mere steps is no different than the buffets at the Bellagio or Aria. In a way, Vegas sells you on the idea that each hotel offers a differing set of amenities but the reality is that there is so much you can do in the way of hotel themes and troths of food set forth for the masses. . . The displays of the food seemed a little cluttered but it is expected amongst the limited spaces and the stations are manned with friendly and courteous people. It is impossible to think intimacy with Vegas' overall meaning, but at least at this buffet and at least during this one visit, the chefs and carvers were decent and friendly.. That is not to say the wait staff was on the same plane of service. Our attendee was hard to track down and considerably slow on getting us new plates and clearing the old ones. I mean, the only thing keeping this review from a highest rating is her attitude and the comparison between her and the gentleman who took over her shift towards the twilight of our buffet experience.. . Anyhow, I rarely care about a place solely based on its help staff since it is a very difficult job and I am sure she had to deal with a marathon of impatient eaters and rude tourists and that may have been a cause to her lousy service.. . The food Ah, yes! The food is very good for a buffet. The crab legs were one of the main reasons we came and to be honest, they weren't the best legs I have had in my limited buffet experience and the fact that there are two areas in which they are served made things a little more difficult to enjoy. The Asian portion of the buffet had an excellent selection of dumplings and a wide array of dishes from China down to sauces that harken back to a childhood of experiencing what masterfully accompanying ingredients my father would put together to accentuate the dish we were enjoying. . . There were wagyu beef sliders and a great selection of Neapolitan pizza and a carving station that had enough animal to make PETA squirm. However, the favorite of mine (and it seems so quaint that it is an appetizer, but I find comfort in the simplest of things). . . The aforementioned sweet potato tater tots seemed to be my favorite. The light encompassing brown sugar glaze that is gently laying its sugary goodness accentuated the little nibbles of Americana to a point where they simplistically made the mundane seem exaggerated.  They were stuck in a tie with the dumplings and the crepes but since no one ever mentions tater tots as their most enjoyable thing at a buffet, I would hedge them against anything else I consumed.. . For $35 apiece for lunch you're not going to find much more quality and selection as you will at Bacchanal. In a town that makes you overpay for indulgence and excess, this was worth it. I would come back (probably on the dinner ticket...) and dine at the Feast because it is certainly delicious.
After all the rave reviews, we decided to try Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace.  For dinner, we figured that there would be a long line, so we went to line up at 4:30 on a monday evening.  The wait was not so bad because we were in line for less than 45 minutes compared to the two hour wait that we heard from other people.  FYI, you would have to pay extra for the 24 buffet of buffet in order to use it at Bacchanal.  Some people thought they could use the $49.99 deal at this buffet.  There is way too much food for people to try on their first visit and it is $49.99 a person or $44.99 a person if you have the Total Rewards card.  The seafood bar is overwhelming with cocktail shrimps, oysters, mussels, etc.  Then, there a little plates of hamburger sliders, mini-hotdog on a bun, onion rings in a mini-deep fryer basket.  The presentation is extremely amazing.  They even put the caesar salad in a tiny jar, so you won't waste a lot of food. We were disappointed that they discontinued the chinese ginseng with chicken. The chef behind the counter said the head chef indicated that it was too much work to make that dish, so they stopped making it.  The dessert bar is overwhelming with so much to choose.  They have mochi ice cream in different flavors.  For crepes, they just make the plain crepe and you add your own topping (I would think that they should make you a complete crepe if you're paying over $40 for a meal).  Watch you time wisely, at the bottom of the receipt that they prefer that you eat for only two hours.
I had been hearing rave reviews for Bacchanal for quite some time and knew I needed to give it a try. I usually avoid buffets simply because it's not really my preferred style of dining; I like being served, I like well thought out plates and inspiring flavor combinations, I believe that if you try to do many things quality will suffer- keep it simple. But this year for Thanksgiving, I had to go into work and it just made sense to do it Vegas style instead.. . The line was insane! I'm not sure what it's usually like, but it was Disneyland status for this holiday. Fortunately for my party of three, I don't think anyone was aware of the express line, and for $20 more a person, we cut our wait time down by at least 1.5 hours. Easy. So was it worth the extra $20? Heck yes!. . First off, the place is massive! I don't even know how they manage to keep everything organized there. Our server/busser was kind, attentive, and brought us plenty of champagne (complimentary during brunch). The champagne served here was slightly sweet, which was disappointing for me, but also a safe guard since I did have to be at work in several hours.. . As for the food- they have everything you could want, really. Everything is displayed in an appealing manner, and they weren't out of any single item while I was there.. I started with the charcuterie which was fantastic, although it was all salamis and a mortadella. Cheeses were next with a raspberry crown (like a raspberry croissant) and the pastry was excellent. They weren't offering any soft cheeses, since I suppose they're probably harder to hold on a buffet line.. The cold seafood station had a good selection from ceviche (delicious) to crab gazpacho (skip it) to mussels (good) and shrimp cocktail (odd texture, but tasty still). They do offer crab legs on the buffet line which are cold. If you're looking for hot crab legs, they have them at the Italian station.. The crab legs were the only thing I ate from the Italian station (too many filling carbs) and they were pre-split, which did make them easier to eat, but it also affected the flavor since they were boiled after they were already split. Just a mention: they're a mix of snow and king, with no option between the two. You get what you get, and there's definitely more snow than king.. The Asian section had congee, steamed buns and dumplings (the shrimp har gow were delicate and delicious), pho, sushi, stir fries and noodles.. The carving station had some really charismatic people working the line that I thoroughly enjoyed serving up prime rib, sausages, smoked brisket and- of course- turkey! Everything was delicious, although they could offer some creamed horseradish rather than just the fresh horseradish at the cold seafood station.. . By far the most amazing part of this buffet are their desserts. I'm not really a dessert person, but I couldn't stop myself. I tried, well, I think everything. DO NOT MISS: The passion fruit tarts! The gelato- I had the Fleur de Sel vanilla and Brown Ale Caramel. The two on their own? AMAZING! But together... epic!. . If you're a buffet person, Bacchanal is reputed to be the best on the strip, most likely because it's the newest, and it is an impressive spread. But for $70 p/p? I'd rather have a meal with service.
I admit that I am not a big fan of buffets but this is probably the best buffet I have been to in Las Vegas. I think the specialty is steamed crab legs. They also have little tomatoes with balsamic vinegar and a standard stations for sushi, noodles, dimsum, meats, and desserts. We had a sunday lunch and the lines moved pretty fast. It good place to spend several hours gorging on delicious food.
Waiting in line for 3 hours for a buffet is nuts. We can all agree on that right? But when you're waiting in line for something called "the best buffet ever" it kind of makes you question whether or not you should stay in line... my family and I stayed. For 3 hours. In line. . . After you pay, there's 2 separate lines for groups of 4 or less and groups of 5 or more. After we got through the 3 hours of waiting in line to pay, we finally made it to the line for a table. It didn't take long after that. Soon enough we got seated near the way inside and it was time to dig in.. . The atmosphere? I like it. Yes. Glass walls. Lovely decor. Wonderful staff service. And pretty much people everywhere. . . The food? It's definitely decent and some were above decent. The sushi area was good since they had fresh salmon and tuna for you to eat. And near that area is a worker cooking udon, ramen, and pho for you. Definitely should check that out. You should also check out their bottles of juice and horchata. Not super special, but definitely a cute idea from the normal "Can I have water? Coke?" Only problem? You have to line up for the seafood. I know it's seafood (oysters, crab legs...) but when you're lining up where the meat products are then it's kind of nuts. People are repeatedly waiting for the workers to dump more oysters out and you can even see them working on opening the oysters and everything. Patience is the key at buffets. . . The dessert bar was also cool. Cupcakes, cakes, crepes, ice cream, mochi ice cream, all were interesting to try but probably not more than once. And a bummer? There was no beautiful plate of macarons when I went. I was looking forward to it and it just didn't make an appearance so I was bummed out about that. . . Overall, this place IS probably one of the best buffets I been to. I ate till I was bloated and could no longer walk. But the 3 hour wait leaves your feet aching and extremely hungry. Oh, and the receipt also says to keep your eating to a maximum of 2 hours. But you know people will sit longer than that so that might be why I was waiting so long.
the wait on a saturday at 445 was about an hour.  highlights: lamb chop, grape leaves, fresh juices, all the desserts! . . for 50 bucks it was pricey but we really enjoyed ourselves for about 2.5 hours.
Best buffet of Vegas!   . Only minus 1 star because of waiting in line to get into the buffet. . It has a wide selection so something for everyone.  And the best part,  they are all freshly made!   None of the sitting at counter foods for 6+ hours. . I went on a Sunday.   . The raw oysters were freshly shucked - delicious!   The crab legs were great as well.. . The only down side is not much sushi selection - only had salmon and tuna and shrimp sushi.  But I love the sushi section still.  The Chinese foods were yummy - esp the duck.  . . And their dessert selection is enormous - with more than 20 different ice cream flavors - nothing mundane - all unique flavors as well.   The closest they had to a regular vanilla was French Toast.   . . Definitely a must try buffet.   Worth the price u pay.   But I would go a little early so you don't stand in line long.
An amazing selection of foods that never feels like a big sprawling buffet (in a good way). . . Oddly, I thought the carving station was the weak link: the brisket was a little dry, the sausages were ordinary, the prime rib needed some black pepper, garlic... something (which is weird since some of the other dishes were overly salted for my taste)!!. . Often the fried foods are throwaways at a buffet. Not here. Both the onion rings and the UNBELIEVABLE fried chicken were crisp and yummy. Some of the best friend chicken I've ever had.. . Really appreciated the hot crab legs with melted butter. . . I had to take about a 15-minute break to make room for dessert. Glad I did. . . Unbelievable variety. Great quality. . . A lot of Yelpers talked about hourlong lines. Maybe Wednesday is the magic slow day. At 6 o'clock, I waited about 10 minutes altogether. By the time I left around 7:30...it didn't look that much worse.
Me and my friends went on a Friday evening. The dinner price per person was about $55. Overall, the buffet had a very large selection of dishes to choose from. We got there at around 5:30 so there wasn't a line.. . Asian Section: Being of chinese american descent, I feel like I am entitled to say that the chinese selection was a decent effort. Not the best chinese food I ever had, but surprisingly decent. I tried the beef chow fun, a small selection of dim sum, and the fried rice. There was also rice porridge and chinese crueller style fried donuts. The sushi selection was small for a buffet, but the salmon sashimi was chunky and fresh tasting, compared to other buffets which just throw you low quality sashimi.. . Salad Section: I didn't try much from this section. I don't go to a buffet to eat greens that I can make for much cheaper.. . Cheese and Cured Meats Section: Has a selection of 5-6 cheeses, as well as 5-6 cured meats. My wife got some honey added to her parmesan cheese and it was pretty good.. . Italian Section: Has a selection of 4-5 pizzas, including a chef's special. The pizza was so-so. The italian section also has hot king crab legs. Yummy! There was also this octopus puttanesca dish that I thought was really tasty.. . Mexican Section: There are braised meats available, as well as fresh grilled tacos (the cooks grill them on the spot), as well as selection of salsas. I didn't try anything from this section.. . American Section: Has your typical prime rib, slab bacon, and other carved meats. I tried the lamb chops which were pretty good.. . Seafood Section: The oyster shooters were my favorite dish from this section. Perfect flavor. You can also get cold king crab legs as well as oysters on half the shell. I want to note that the shrimp cocktail was one of the best that I ever had at a buffet. The shrimp were large and chunky and cooked perfectly, not the small puny ones you typically get.. . Dessert Section: The ice cream mochi here is really good. They are not the same as the ones you get in the grocery store freezer isle. The ones here has a perfectly soft mochi wrapping and perfectly creamy ice cream. I especially liked the mocha ice cream mochi. I also liked the macaroons that were served here. There is also a crepe station, your typical selection of cakes, gelato, and even some candy jars.. . Overall, I enjoyed my experience and hope to come back some time in the future.
I usually go to Bacchanal during every trip I take to Vegas. Overall, I do think this buffet is relatively comparable to the other buffets around, like Wicked Spoon. The lines can be really long, unless you are a Platinum/Diamond member, which you can use the "fast pass" line for. If you come in the middle of the day, not during lunch/dinner hour it is also a shorter wait.. . I really like the variety of food they have here. They have all sorts of dishes, ranging from Italian to prime rib to Mexican and Asian cuisine. Pretty much a flavor for everyone! They also have a fantastic seafood bar from which you can get crab legs. I recommend not getting too much food at once, since it can turn cold at the table. Instead, get small portions of what you find interesting, and go back for more/other samples once you're done. I've gone enough times to know what I like getting there now, so I tend to stick to those things. They have a nice mix of carbs, meat, and veggies.. . What's really fantastic- and I'm sure most people look forward to this part- is the dessert bar. They can make crepes for you there, and it's a huge station all on its own! I love the chocolate-covered strawberries here, and sometimes they have flan as well. If you are unsure about what's on the menu but really want something, just call and make sure that they have it before you go!
So I am maybe a little behind the ball on Bacchanal. It only took me a year, but I finally made it out to try the hyped "best buffet in Las Vegas." I haven't been to a buffet in years. No, Bacchanal hasn't turned me into a buffet fan. However, the food, selection and bussing service was exceptional. So if I had to recommend a place to gorge yourself this would be it.. . HIGHLY SUGGEST THE EXPRESS LINE. A 2+ hour wait turned into a 15 minute one. You basically stand in the line for Platinum Players, tack $15 on to each person's entry fee and waltz right in--it's worth it. The day we went, Friday/Saturday dinner was at $50.99 (show your players card for a $1 discount per person). . Probably one of the better looking buffets on the strip. After the remodel, it resembles a hip, fine dining establishment. Which is good for you in case you want to bring someone special or celebrate something.. . Food-wise, selection is the usual except maybe some more culinary masterpieces than you expect at the run of the mill buffet. You've got your prime rib, BBQ, & sausage station--prime rib was flavorful but dry. Seafood--hot/cold crab legs, sub-par oysters. Italian. Dim Sum--amazing, I must have went there 3 times--so delicious + house made chili oil. And can't forget dessert: gelato + macarons--that is all.
I was to the Bacchanal shortly after it opened over a year ago for a Yelp Elite event.  Some friends from out of town decided this would be a good place for a late lunch and it was.. . There is a wonderful selection.  My favorites were the oysters on the half shell, the lamb chops, and the oyster shooter.  I could have been blissfully filled with those three items but I tried several other things.  The lobster bisque was very good.  There were also some nice salads.. . I did notice that there were a couple of things missing from the opening.  There was no tomahawk steak and there were no macarons at the dessert station (that's almost an unforgivable fail!). . The Bacchanal still is one of the better buffets on the Strip.  It's pricey but when you have friends with a comp, it's just great!
Sunday night in mid December...wait time until we sat down was 55min. Price was at least $51 per adult for the weekend pricing dinner. 18% gratuity added for big groups so split up if you have a big group. They tend to sit people chronologically in line in the same section anyway. . Entrees are lined up against the wall with desserts in the middle of the room. Felt like the ac was on (in Dec) and was too cold for me being under the vent so don't sit by the walls if you get cold easily.. Food was ok, better than most average buffets I've been to. Tri tip was perfect! Clam chowder too salty for me. Sliders were dry. Wasn't a fan of the cake pops-very mushy inside instead of cakey like I'm used to. LOVED the chocolate covered strawberries! I don't eat oysters, but everyone kept going back for more. More sushi options would've been nice. Horchata!!-Even some Mexican restaurants don't have this drink.
Lots of choices for foods! Dim Sum tastes good . You can eat the crab legs cold or warm, that's very nice. Love the fresh juicy. Bad thing is that wait for a while to get in.
Not quite a five star, there are better, more elegant buffets (and most of those include champagne and/or wine), but only a few and even with all the Snow Crab legs you can eat it would be considered by many to be  a little pricey  at $50 until compared to inflated Strip prices (it looked like a gift compared to the $15 hotdog at many of the hotels; you don't eat on the strip or hotels if you are offended by high prices),  . . That said, they will allow you to extend the buffet to a 24 hour deal for just $25 more and that is absolutely worth it on any scale or standard, plus the food quality, variety, quantity and flavor is good to very good (exception: sushi) and the service is very, very helpful and attentive.  The decor did not come close to matching the opulence of the rest of Caesar's Palace but it wasn't high school cafeteria either.  Treat yourself to it at least once (tip to avoiding long lines: go on off-hours!)
Went on a Sunday night at 7pm and there was an 1hr wait to pay. Was with a big group of 13 and was told that big groups are rare and usually get seated pretty quickly. After paying, we only waited another 10 minutes before getting seated (albeit in 2 tables but we're not complaining).. . I was treated to buffet so I didn't feel the sting of the $51 a head cost! Here are some my observations:. . Best!:  . -  by far the best food in this buffet can be found at the meat station! The highlight was the beef brisket - so smokey in flavour and juicy! . -  fried chicken was deliciously seasoned and not dry. - yelp tipped me about the souffle at the dessert station (thank you!) and the chocolate souffle was amaaaazzzinnggg. Done perfectly, not too sweet. I don't think many people knew to order it as it wasn't advertised anywhere. I also tried the banana one but it was too sweet for me.  . . OK:. - I enjoyed the spicy salmon sashimi but they only served that for the first round and changed to just plain salmon sashimi afterwards. - boiled king crab leg. I always find it better warmed up than cold and this was warmed in a salt bath.. . Skip:. - yes, there's unlimited oysters... BUT be warned that they taste pretty awful. It's watery and just lacks any kind of flavour. - dessert was pretty lack luster. It was bland and just has a sugar taste to it, not much else.  Just go ahead and stick to the gelato and the souffle. I also heard that the crepes were good, but I didn't have any. . I was at Wicked the night before and I must say that Bacchanal has more selections, hands down. Food quality was a bit better at Bacchanal as well but compared to buffets I have had in Macao, it's still has a long way to go. I would come back to Bacchanal next time I'm in Vegas before other similar establishments around town.
I used to think the Bellagio buffet of 5-10 years ago was the end all of Vegas buffets, but in the past few years, the quality and impressiveness has seemed to go downhill a bit.  So, I'm back on the best Vegas buffet search again.  The Bacchanal Buffet was fairly impressive in terms of quantity, presentation, variety, and quality.  The wait to get in may drive you to get the hunger shakes though.  I went on a Saturday around 4:30pm, thinking that the lines would be a little more manageable.  Wrong.  Based on the overheard conversations in line, it sounded like it was at least an hour and a half wait to get in.  But, there is a "back door" way in, as there always is in Vegas.  The only thing is that it'll costs you a bit more money.  For an additional $15 per person, you can go to the platinum/players club line (which was empty when I was there) and and get "fast tracked" ahead of everyone in the regular cashier line.  After paying, you have to wait in another fairly long line to get seated.  I think that by paying the extra $15, we were also seated a bit more quickly.  In total, we probably waited a total of 5-10 minutes and that included the cashier switching out the register, and were out about $70+ per person.     . . The buffet itself is bustling with a lot of people in line for food, but the line moves fairly quickly, and they do a pretty good job of crowd control.  The seafood section (on the far left) is always the most crowded section.  However, if you want a plate piled high with warm crab legs, go to the middle of the Italian section (make sure to bring a clean plate with no other food on it) and look for the guy dishing out mounds of crab legs.  The variety and quality of dim sum was decent as was the Peking duck (meaty and succulent).  I'm not a big meat eater so I wish they offered more vegetable options, but the truffled gratin potatoes were decadently rich and delicious.  My husband thought the prime rib was really flavorful and well cooked.  Other creative or interesting food/drink items were the agua frescas in the Mexican food section, lots of fresh fruit, custom made fresh soft tacos, and a jook (rice porridge) station.  The desserts were also an amazing display of decadence.  The buffet has the best gelato offerings I've see at any buffet.  The flavors are creative and abundant.  And they pretty much have all the desserts you can find at other buffets, plus more (including mochi with ice cream).  . . The Bacchanal Buffet really is and opulent display of food and one of the best in Vegas.  It's expensive but worth it if you're looking for an extra special buffet experience.
I went this weekend and it was pretty good! They had a huge selection of seafood which I love!! The dessert was pretty good! It was $55 person so try to come on an empty stomach so you can eat what you paid for! The servers were very nice and sweet and checked up on us. . It was my first time with my group of girls and so the hostess showed us around the restaurant on where every food is. They have a ramen area!! It was okay but that was pretty cool lol.
I love its all desserts! If I had 2 stomachs, I would eat all of them! Seafood paella and Italian food area were my second choice. I feel like oysters were not fresh for me. I had much better oysters before, so they were kind of disappointment. Overall, good price and a large variety of delightful food.
It wasn't an 'epic' buffet like they advertised. But it is one of the the best in Vegas. There were items I couldn't even get to try because they have lots of good stuff. For one thing, I was first skeptical of their varieties of Asian noodle soup. I tried the ramen, was delighted. Then the pho, cool. Went on to the udon. They got me full. Regret it, but was glad because I liked them all.   I would share each one next time, to save room for other good stuff.
3.5 stars.  . Normally, I don't do buffets but my friend had a diamond card and people were raving great things about this place, so decided to give it a try.  We got seated just/ after 10 minutes wait.  . Their desserts  were phenomenal.  I love the creme brulee and gelato.  Try the Baklava flavor..  So yummy.  Their ramen was amazing.  I would recommend getting the broth with a lot of chasu pork (minus noodles to save room in your tummy).   The mini burgers (both wagyu and turkey) were something you must try.  . The crabs were a little salty for my taste.  The dim sum was mediocre.... The station were poorly designed as we had to wait over 20 minutes just to get crab legs or prime ribs.  . $55 per person including tip for a lunch on Sat.  Not bad!. Overall, one of the better buffets I have been to in vegas.
Huge buffet with lots of items and I tasted most of them. They are all good and service is nice.. But I knocked off one star as they don't have display names attached to each dish. In most cases we didn't know what we were eating. . . To avoid waiting time, be there before 11 AM for lunch and before 6 PM for dinner.
I really wasn't planning on coming back to Bacchanal Buffet for my recent trip to Vegas.  It was all situational because I literally spent a good 30 mins walking back and forth across the middle of The Strip trying to decide where to eat breakfast.  That when I just said the hell with it and go to Bacchanal!. . It's been literally a year since the last time I've been to Bacchanal Buffet and at that time they had just opened.  The food has actually gotten better but the price has gone up.  Here now are all the plates I had from this visit:  . . First plate went with comfort foods.. Fried Chicken & Waffle, Mini Chicago Dog, Huevo Ranchero -- http://bit.ly/IIdyfe. All good stuff.  The Mini Chicago Dog was the best part! . . Second plate went for all seafood.. Mussels Meuniere, Shrimp & Grits, Pan Roasted Salmon, Seafood Paella --  http://bit.ly/1h4c5vx. This was probably my favorite plate I put together.  The mussels were really good with nice garlicky taste, the salmon was cooked nicely, and the Paella and Shrimp Grits provided good filler.. . Third plate covered the meat station.. Truffle Polenta, Roasted Prime Rib, Roasted Mushrooms, Kielbasa, and Shrimp Cocktail --  http://bit.ly/1fanybJ. I was starting to get full at this point but once again, no complaints with this plate.. . Then I noticed they actually had a ramen station so I went ahead and tried it.. Ramen with bamboo shoots and chasiu pork -- http://bit.ly/IIe2SF. It was meh.  LOL  Broth wasn't too bad though. . Finally, desserts.. Strawberry Peppermint Creme Puff -- http://bit.ly/IIefFw. Key Lime Tart -- http://bit.ly/1h4cmyF. Mango Tart -- http://bit.ly/IIedgC. Their desserts are very comparable to Wicked Spoon and Wynn.  So no matter what you pick up, you'll be in for a pretty and decadent treat.. . Overall, I was pretty satisfied with my return visit to Bacchanal.  I'm a little on the fence with the $27 price tag for lunch (I meant to come for breakfast, but just missed the deadline and ended up paying a little more for lunch price), but for what I picked up, it paid itself off.  It's still one of the best buffets on the strip!
This IS the buffet to go to when in Vegas. Don't waste your time on other places because this place will give you quality food with abundance of choices.. . That being said, this is the second year visiting this place. The first year was OUTSTANDING but this second year it was still up there but not the same. The quality is dropping a bit.... . The mini burgers are my favorite. The salad bar is awesome..... . I think my favorite thing this year was the chocolate filled peanut butter cookies. OMG!!! Don't tell anyone but I snuck an extra cookie with me.. . My hunny can eat and we stayed here for almost 3 hours. He went straight for the cuts of meat while I took my time enjoying the different soups, variety of salads, different ethnic dishes and finally dessert.. . I can't wait til next years visit to Vegas to see how the quality is after the third year!
Come when they open or before !! On a friday i came when they opened and the wait was 10 minutes...saturday the wait was 3 hours...not worth rushing through a buffet that cost $50+ a head...of course there is always a line for the carving station and the snow crab legs (no king crab legs here). . . Balsamic Fig Ice Cream: what a wonderful and unique combination...I jumped at the chance to try this and think it was one of the best items there . . Aztec Chocolate Ice Cream: There a kick to this one...and while it's unique I would not get this again.  . . Lamb (Carving Station): well seasoned and cooked to perfection...this is a must try . . Beef Brisket: This is fall of the bone tender. One of the most popular items at the carving station and worth the wait . . The food here is all around the world but I'd say the most popular were the seafood & carving station. Dont forget to try the variety of juices which is next to the variety of breads. On top of that they also have a meat & cheese section. . . Overall this buffet has a very good variety with some stand out dishes. I'd return when the wait is shorter
If I had to wait 2 hours to get in, this would have been a 3 star review. We paid $15 per person for the express line to skip the line. However, the line to get seated took 30 minutes. But that is still better than waiting in that long line. I could imagine how annoying that would be for people who have already waited almost 2 hours to wait in another line to get seated. But I think the waiting in line helps build the hunger and anticipation. . . I didn't try a lot of the food because there were people in line everywhere. I started off with some seafood. I am usually not a big fan of king crab because it can get messy trying to eat it, but they split the legs in half to expose the meat. So all you have to do is expose the meat. The buffet is so big that I almost got lost getting food! There are many different stations including Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, Dessert, etc.. . By the time I started on desserts, I was already too full. I didn't think any of the desserts were memorable and something that I would recommend. I tried the creme brulee, molten chocolate, and crepe. They were all pretty good.. . It was an good experience. This buffet is better than most buffets in Las Vegas. I just wish there weren't that many people and I had the appetite to sample more food.
