Yummm. Not bad for a LV Buffett place. Lots of selection. GREAT customer service. Go here!!!
Probably one of the best buffets I've been to in Vegas. They cut the crab legs for you down the middle so the meat is easier to get to and the shrimp is cleaned for you (no giblets or whatever).. . Get the $39.99 24 hour pass and you get unlimited buffet usage for here and all Harrah sister hotels. That means dinner, breakfast, dinner. We did it, saved a ton and ate like hoes.
Likes: I like the way the buffet is organized into different types and ethnicities of food.  Alaska king crab legs are a plus.. . Dislikes:
Okay take this review with a grain of salt because I was really hungover and couldnt eat very much I still managed a huge plate of breakfast food and a small plate of lunch food. We got their at 11 so go to enjoy both. My girlfriend was less hungover and absolutely loved it. . . The scrambled eggs were terrible and the only thing I didnt like, I shoulda waited in the omlette line cuz of course that woulda been fresh and delicious. Everything else was good. The little tater tot breakfast things were so good, same witht the bacon, and seafood at lunch.. . We used two 5/off coupons and they accepted both of them making our total less than 25 bucks for the two of us. It was a great value. Wish I could have ate more.
This place earns 3 points solely for having pre-cut crab legs. Every buffet and/or restaurant that serves crab legs needs to take notes.. . I personally rank this as the 4th best buffet in Las Vegas (after Carnival World, Le Village and the Bellagio Buffet). The price is rather steep, but they offer locals a 20% discount (which is barely advertised, so if you are a local, make sure you let the cashier know). Another con is that the service isn't all that good, at least from my experience, but I feel that if a restaurant is really good, then it's worth it to endure sub-par service. . . They have a wide diversity of stations (including a Middle Eastern station, something that's rare in buffets), and they're all widely spread apart so definitely be prepared to do some walking. Typically you expect buffet pizza to be generic and plain by default but the pizza here was actually pretty exceptional. The dessert section was also quite huge, just don't order crepes there, since the crepes are pre-made and not fresh. . . Like all buffets, just make sure you don't go on a holiday or any day where loads of tourists should be expected and the line should be quick and smooth. Would love to return soon.
This buffet was not too bad at all. There usually is a wait, but this is Las Vegas, and there will always be a wait for a buffet.  There seems to be a lot of good selection.  No big complaints here.  Since this is a Harrah's property, we bought the 24 Buffet Pass.  Definately worth the money.
Get the brunch and get there early. The wait is ridiculous! The food is ok to very good, definitely not the best buffet in Vegas. But it's all worth it for the non-stop, free mimosas if you have a hangover that you want to drink away. I left with a full stomach and a great buzz. That's always a nice way to start your morning in Vegas.
This is the top of my list of buffets at LV. We did the "Buffet of Buffets" for $39.99 and this was our 2nd buffet of the weekend. Out of all of the buffets we've been to (Paris, Planet Hollywood, & Caesars Palace) this is my favorite. Their wide variety of food suits every appetite I had. What I also liked about this buffet is that it's quite roomy, not cramped and crowded like my other buffets. Their crab is fresh and pre-cut so you don't have to struggle and crack anything. I am a little biased because I love tempura, and this is the only buffet (out of the 3) that actually had shrimp tempura.. . Overall the food is great, however I only gave them 4 stars because their refills for drinks can be a little more quicker. Otherwise this buffet is great!
After my non eventful eating experience in Vegas (it was a long story), The Spice Market Buffet was like a breathe of fresh air for me. We went there for lunch on Monday and it was only $18.99 + tax. It was reasonable for Vegas and even for buffets...other hotels' buffets are more expensive seems like. . . I liked everything that I had there. From seafood (fresh fish, shrimps, and scallops), American fare, Italian fare, and Chinese fare were all delicious. I tempted to tried the Indian and Lebanese, but dear Lord, I didn't have any space left in my belly.. . Maybe I should blamed that problem to the dessert bar. Those scrumptious creations were ridiculously amazing. The Creme Brulee...mmmm..nuff said. . . I will come back to eat here again when I'm in Vegas. I don't think I will run out of food options here.
I did the "Buffet of Buffets" in Vegas and this was my first stop. I like the fact that they had a lot of varieties (i.e Middle Eastern) section which was my favorite section...I love their hummus and their hand-made baklava. Their crab legs was also easy to eat because it was already cracked open and the shrimp cocktail was already peeled. Their seafood was very fresh. I was impressed by the fact that they have a cotton candy machine/station but I was sad they didn't have a gelato station (like the other buffets)...
This has to be one of my new favorite buffet's on the strip.  I ended up getting the 24hour buffet pass which was $39.99.  Planet Hollywood  was the first buffet that we went to and we liked it so much we went back again. . . The line was minimal compared to my other favorite buffets (Mandalay Bay and The Wynn).  They do have crab legs for dinner but they are served cold.. . Worth the money!!!
Best buffet in Vegas.  Easily.  . . They have everything and they do a great job with it!  If you want a good buffet, go somewhere else.  If you want a great buffet, go to Planet Hollywood.  I have been to better buffets outside of Vegas, though, so I'm keeping that final star from this review.  . . The only critique I will give it, however, is the line.  It can be over an hour wait and, in fact, often is.  I would argue that it ends up being worth it, but still... that's a long wait.    . . The Spice Market Buffet is simply the best buffet in Vegas.  Amazingly delicious in every way!
Service was great... food was satisfying and ummmmm... 4th star was for their CANNOLIs!!! . . HOLY CANNOLI... they were amazing!!! Get the 24hr BUFFET pass and hit this one up on the list... Loved their breakfast choices and Middle eastern food!! YUM!!! . . :) Definitely satisfied!!!!
So -- if you've read any of my other Vegas reviews, you can see I'm a bit of  a buffet whore.  I'll admit it.  I like to loosen my belt and belly up to a giant array of food I shouldn't eat.. . The Spice Market is one of my favorite lunch/dinner spots to do just that when I purchase the 24 hour buffet pass.  Instead of being set up in the traditional buffet sense:  Salads/Entrees/Desserts/Seafood/Etc...  Spice Market is divided by geographic region and then many of those regions have all of the above categories inside of them.  . . Bonus points to the Middle Eastern section for ALWAYS keeping my partner happy with their food after a long day of gaming and drinking.  (He tends to get a little cranky around 5.)
Friday is Buffet of Buffet day! Whoot whoot! I am so excited for this. We wait in line and buy our passes. It's 11:06am and so it begins. . . We get seated close to the salad bar section near the Italian Section. Our server, Jasmina was awesome. Drinks were brought promptly and plates were taken away swiftly. . . I made the rookie mistake of not making a quick go around before grabbing anything. It's like Monopoly... don't act too quick... slow and steady wins the race. Ah heck, I dove right in. I got some mushroom stromboli, some salad, some garlic pasta, some roasted veggies, (breathe in) some fried chicken breast, some tomatoes, some beef thing. Ahhhh.... so good. The stromboli is wonderful. I am sure it's baked, but it tastes like it's fried. It's cheesy and mushroom-y. The fried chicken breast was really dry. I was expecting juicy chicken, but it was breast... I didn't make it to the Middle Eastern Section or the Mexican Section. Sigh. I wish I had, my friends made nachos because there were no tortillas left.. . Then I went for dessert. Cream puff, frozen custard... chantilly cream and caramel sauce. Oh my word. I would have grabbed more desserts, but there were more buffets to be had.
This was our middle buffet on the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour tour.  As such, we didn't want to go crazy because we knew we were going to destroy the offerings at the Rio later on that day.  This place was definitely a step up from the Le Village buffet at Paris, which we had visited the night previously.. . What I really liked about this particular buffet is that they have clearly defined cuisines at each station.  There was Mexican, Mid-Eastern, Italian, American, and Asian.  Now I know they have those food selections at most buffets, but because they were self contained islands of food, they were all well stocked with a variety of foods true to their region of the world.  . . We didn't over-eat at this one (I know, what a shame!), but of the food I tried I was pleasantly surprised.  The standout selection for me was the Prime Rib, which is typically something I pass on at buffets (sorry, a slice of Prime Rib can take up a lot of valuable real estate in my stomach), but at the advice of my friend I went for a slice.  . . The Prime Rib here was slow roasted and cooked perfectly.  It was so tender it nearly melts in your mouth.  There was also a tasty spice rub on the outside that made you want to trim the edges off and parcel it out so that you can combine a little bit with each bite.  And to top it off the Au Jus was equally amazing.  Good job Spice Market!
Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #7 of 7 6:30 PM (actual time was 7 PM). . After leaving Paris, I drove next door to Planet Hollywood to cap off the night with the final stop in the Buffet of Buffets Marathon, the Spice Market Buffet.  There was a concert (George Clinton) in the theater, so parking was tough and we didn't get to the buffet until 7 PM.. . Even though I was completely stuffed from the 6 prior buffets, I somehow found the room to go for a final plate.  This buffet is one of the largest of the 7 and offers Mediterranean fare, which is unique to the other buffets. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=vV2f1x98dos-4W17IMuQBA . . I decided to have some Chinese food, Pizza, and Penne Pasta.....had to stick with my No Meat diet and these were the most appetizing items I found.  There's plenty here for omnivores....I'll have to come back when I'm off the wagon.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=pNEmoWdn6iNT-b9VrBJM-w. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=4qodQ7gEHBC3bIOLVFgX6g. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fi-2ruy5x600SX4avnrFuA?select=xsm1D_pt_lknFpNlUwYXiw. . The food was pretty good.  If I had more room, I'd go for some of the Mediterranean items.....the other Yelpers who tried it said it was pretty good.  I'll take their word for it.. . Our server was friendly and kept our glasses full.  We were seated in the middle of the buffet so we had easy access to the entire line of food.  Good stuff.. . Return Factor - 90%
Very large assortment of food!!!. . TBH, I ate at ~ 5 different buffets including the ones at Bellagio, Casear's Palace, Aria, Treasure Island, Paris etc, and this one was one of my preferred.. . I especially LOVED their dessert fruit tarts!
get there around 7:30 on Thur night, get in at 8:10.  middle east section: like the chicken tandoori, but stay away from Tabouli, really dry, like chewing grass, and tasteless, honey likes their hummus, grapes leaves wrap, and lamp kabob.   Don't like the Mexican pork chili stew, taste of the grease from pork skin and fat are too heavy to swallow.  as a chinese, their asian section do not look promising at all, I skipped it. honey said their kao pao chicken is kind of dry.  like the grilled aspargas.  one advise, drag the shrimp from the bottom, the one on the top are room temperatured.  the tempura is not bad.  I only try one spicy tuna sushi, average.  the good part is desert, the banana frosting crepe, I had half banana and half strawberry, it was great, if you still have room, try the cream burle.   This is the first one of my 24 hour pass.
Good value for what you are getting.  It's one of the better buffet on the strip.
Crab legs, check.. Pot Roast, check.. Burritos (you have to make them yourselves), check.. Kung Pao Chicken, check.. Overpriced buffet, 3/4 of a check. :D. . Went here on a Saturday and it was heavily packed with many people, families, cheerleaders (the cheerleader competition was going on in the weekend I was in Vegas), and heavily dressed people.  My friend desperately wanted to go and they were having a sale where if you check into Facebook, there's a Pay One Person, Get Another Person Free deal.  AWESOME!!! I totally would have not gone if this deal wasn't there.  The price for ONE person is $30 and that's not worth it to me.  But, because of the deal, I would go again just for all the awesome food they have!! :D
I've been to Vegas many times and tried many a buffet and this is still my favorite.. . Obviously the entrees aren't going to be the same quality as if you went to a restaurant and ordered a single entree. If that is what you're looking for, then you shouldn't be considering a buffet at all.  . . I absolutely LOVE this buffet because I am really into middle eastern food (hummus, etc.) but what really makes it for me is the bottomless mimosa (I believe on weekends only). People complain about the price, but drink enough mimosas and you can come out way ahead.. . My friends and I always have a great time here; there is something for everyone and for a buffet, the food is pretty damn good. . . On an infamous Vegas trip, we got so sloshed from the mimosas here that one of my friend was actually cut off. Hilarious!
I would come back here again.  Just don't make this buffet your last buffet for the Buffet of Buffets especially if you're in a time-crunch.  I came here with about 40 mins left on my 24-hour Buffet pass and almost didn't make the cut because the line was long and it took them forever to seat everyone, even though there were TONS of tables on the seafood side.. . Unfortunately for me, because of the Buffet of Buffets, I wasn't that hungry.  But it's ok because seafood doesn't really fill you up.  So I went on an all out crab legs binge.  I do love the crab legs there: snow crab (which means those large crab legs with huge pieces of meat and not the scrawny ones you normally see in crappy buffets) and they're cut in half so you can easily extract the meat from the legs.  Yummmmm..... . The shrimp cocktail is also peeled for you so that's a plus since I can't stand peeling shrimp.. . As for the prime rib, I really didn't pay that much attention to it.  I had 1 slice and I still don't think it's as good as Paris' Le Village Buffet's prime rib.. . Our server was decent and pretty attentive.  I found the Usher/hostess ladies a bit on the grumpy side though since we heard them yelling at a couple who prematurely sat at the booth she was going to take them to anyway.
Definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas! I think it was $32 per person this past MDW but I'm not exactly sure.. The normal price is around $27.99 for their dinner buffet.. I really liked the setup of this restaurant because every section was clearly labeled and it was easy to find the cuisine that you were craving.. They had a Middle Eastern, Mexican, Asian, American, Seafood, Salad, Italian, and Dessert section.. I tried their chicken and beef tacos, sushi, shrimp cocktail, king crab legs, prime rib, and apple pie.. Everything tasted great and I definitely had a good experience at this buffet.. For the price and quality I would say it's worth it to come dine here
This is the 2nd buffet that I tried with David G, Sarah A and Minh D when we did the Buffet of Buffets.  Located in Planet Hollywood, this was yet another impressive selection of food!. . In my food haze, this is what I remember:. . Salad area:. Lettuce. Creamy salads. Grilled veggies. Salad veggies. Fruit. A ton of different rolls. . Mexican area:. Quesadillas. Tortillas. Taco filling. Beans. Guacamole. Salsas, cheese, sour cream. Mexican omelette. Chips . . Breakfast area:. Scrambled eggs. Bacon. Breakfast potatoes. 2 diff kinds of benedict. French toast. Pancakes. Waffles. Made to order omelettes. . Middle Eastern area:. Tandoori chicken breast. Grilled veggie skewers. Baba ghanoush. . Italian area:. Pizza. Meat lasagna rolls. Grilled veggies. Pastas. Garlic breadsticks. . Mediterranean area:. Prime rib w/jus and horseradish. Mashed potatoes. Steamed veggies. Stuffed pork loin w/apples. . Seafood area:. Stuffed sole. Paella. Shrimp cocktail. Sushi. Lox. . Asian area:. Dim sum. Chinese food. Eggrolls. . Dessert area:. Make your own crepes. Chocolate & Vanilla mousse in chocolate shells. Fruit tarts. Cheesecake. Flan. Cotton candy. Cookies. Peach cobbler. Bread pudding. Cakes. Banana cream pie. Fruit pies. Cookies. Self serve chocolate & vanilla frozen custard with cones and toppings. Danish assortment. . I likely missed some things, so you'll have to go check it out yourself.. . Oof.....I need to lie down now.....
Day 2 and onto our 2nd buffet, we all decided on coming to The Spice Market. This buffet is located down a set of escalators just inside the Miracle Mile entrance of Planet Hollywood. The cashier desk is located in the middle of the Buffet. Since we already bought a 24 hour pass all we had to do is show our ID's and our Total Rewards card and we were in!!. Lucky for us, that we were seated at a table that was close to the action. Large plasma tv's were hanging in different area's and had either MTV Hitlist or ESPN on.. This buffet is on the smaller side but make no mistake it holds alot of yummi foods!!. . Highlights of the action:. . Tandoori chicken, hummus, couscous, stuffed tomatoes with ground lamb, Pita bread,lamb skewers,tabouleh, chicken in curry sauce. . Crepe-making station . . All different kinds of salads. . Tacos,Quesadillas,Tortillas, Guacamole and Salsa. . Ham and Prime rib . . All kinds of yummi breakfast foods:. Eggs, Bacon, French toast, Pancakes, Waffles, Hash browns and who can forget the made to order omelettes!!. . Pizza, Lasagna, Garlic breadsticks and Pastas with different sauces. . Shrimp Cocktail, Sushi (again i wouldnt recommend),Crab legs. . Eggrolls, Noodles and Dim sum. . Dessert:. Cotton Candy (heck yeah). Ice Cream. Cookies. Pies. Cakes and the list keeps going and going!. . Our waiter was kind and our water glasses were always refilled when asked,plates were cleared after we were finished as well! Only beef i have is when i went to the carving station there was no one there. I waited along with a couple other hungry customers for about 2-3minutes till one of the servers noticed he had a line. Geez buddy, if you know its busy then stay out where we can see you!!!
I'm going to keep this review short and simple. I've been eating at this buffet since the Aladdin opened up. The quality has always been there but the selection is limited compared to some of the other ones.. . You can read my fellow Yelpers reviews for the nitty gritty. I'm only going to review the crepe station.. . You can choose from apples, strawberries, and bananas foster. I went for the bananas foster not once but twice. The crepes are loaded with bananas and topped with powered sugar. Chocolate syrup is drizzled on top. . . I absolutely loved it. If I could, I would have those crepes everyday for the rest of my life, I'd be a diabetic too, but I don't care!
The food is actually good, the Italian food and Asian food is very little options to choose from but overall the food is decent. The Mexican food is not good, but the American is very yummy. The desserts looked really good  but I was to full to try any.
Buy the 24 hr unlimited citywide buffet pass! It's a great deal since it cost the same as a single meal pass. This is a large buffet with a variety of choices. They offer Mexican, Asian, Italian, and Seafood. They also have a nice dessert station with cotton candy! The line does get really long during lunch and dinner. One time I had to wait in the casino area before getting to wait in the actual line downstairs in the buffet area. I recommend coming early to avoid the long wait. . . Sign up for the Total Rewards card to get a discount on the 24 hr buffet pass. It's free to sign up and it will save you about $5 per pass. The Total Rewards desk is near the buffet so you can quickly signup and head straight to Spice Market. . . My top two buffet in Vegas is this place and the Carnival World buffet at the Rio. The Carnival World buffet is also part of the 24 hr deal. So if you get the 24 hr pass from Spice Market you can also go to the Carnival World buffet and eat as much you want for as long as you want within 24 hours!
An unexpected treat from my "auntie" from France and a nice gesture by an employee to move my cane-assisted 'uncle" to the front of the long line got Saturday evening started right.  Well, almost right because I hadn't been preparing all day for a buffet.... . (Ironically, the seater then made us walk, uncle and all, all the way to the back corner of the place.). . Decent amount of variety, although a lot of it wasn't premium buffet stuff. King crab and prime rib were obviously the best picks overall, but I liked a lot of the other dishes, including the 4th of July special pulled beef with baked beans, the lamb kebobs and baba ghanouj, the fried shrimp (overly battered but still good), the italian sausage... mmm. Desserts were good too, especially the creme brulee and apple pie for me. Also, that frozen custard just somehow tastes different from the usual frozen yogurt.... . Overall, it was a great meal, but not quite an unforgettable variety of victuals.. . P.S. A foursquare check-in at the proper Planet Hollywood Resort can get you $5 off for this buffet.
Still my favorite buffet in Vegas.  I love the layout... easy to navigate and maneuver through.  Great selection of seafood and cuisines.  Prim Rib is always top when I've eaten here.  They have an option of steamed or cold crab legs... I prefer cold.  Desserts are a heavenly toothache.. . Recommendation: Buy the Buffet of Buffets all day pass and graze on buffets throughout the day sans stuffing your face. http://www.caesars.com/buffets/faq.html
We went around 11 am on Sunday and it was surprisingly empty. Aren't people supposed to be having Sunday brunch?? But hey, I have no problem with not standing in line. One of my friends didn't want to have the buffet but still wanted to sit with us and they accommodated her, so that was nice.. . I don't have much to compare to quality-wise because I'm not a Vegas buffet connoisseur, but this was pretty good! I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food, and their hummus and babaganoush were surprisingly good. I usually expect that quality only from middle eastern restaurants!. . My friend was disappointed with the Mexican food, but that's the only con that really comes up. I'd come back!
We went to Spice Market Buffet around 10:45 am to eat lunch and paid breakfast price. There's also $5 coupon out there if you google it, so we saved $20 for group of four, which is pretty sweet deal especially in Vegas. . . For food, it was very good for its price. Although it's little bit below Bellagio Buffet quality, it gets the job done without a doubt. Selection was plentiful, I couldn't try all of it even I stayed around there another 45 minutes or so LOL. You gotta try cakes, those were fantastic in my opinion. . . One bad thing about the buffet? Well.. I got on the escalator to the casino floor and saw Pai Gow Poker Table. You know the story.. lost $250 in one hour and left bad taste in my mouth afterward LOL : P
I have liked this buffet over the years and I still do.  There are better ones in the general area, but this has many items that make a visit here a treat.. . Their grilled vegetables--yellow squash, eggplant, carrots, red onion, and asparagus were all very tasty and grilled just right.  I like their split crab legs and the peeled shrimp.. . I have always like the Spice Market's cheese tray.  I had some nice pieces of bleu cheese this evening to enjoy with dinner.. . Then I turned my attention to the Middle Eastern section where I had some lamb kebabs, chicken kebab, and hummus.  I enjoyed them all.. . Finally, dessert.  For the first time at this buffet, I had their made to order crepe.  I tried the Bananas Foster.  It's semi hand made as the crepes are pre-made.  The cook heats the crepe in a pan and adds whatever filling you want from a nice selection, folds it, and puts any topping on it you want.. . Service was excellent.  The server brought me a new glass of iced tea before I was finished with the one I had.  . . We will be back.
Cant beat the size and selection!  What a huge selection of items.  Very decent quality for the price.  Definitly one of the best on the strip.  Best selection is of course for dinner.
Tip...go for a really late lunch, (3:30pm or so) and hang around for the dinner selections that come out about 4:30pm. . . Really nice buffet! Great variety of selections! . . The crab legs were a bit salty. . . Very friendly/helpful staff!
I agree with Fiona, go for a really late lunch or early dinner.  the line can get ridiculous and I don't want to pay $12 per person to "cut" in line... . With that said, I thought this was a pretty good buffet.  The food was good and the desserts were even better!  There was a lot of variety to choose from which is good.
I love how there was a variety of stations of food to choose from, like American, Asian, Italian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, Soup and more. Every thing that I dumped on my plate was delicious, well mostly... . . It was pretty disappointing when it came down to the crab legs, DAMN IT those were the ones I was looking forward to. & I couldn't find any "BUTTAH"... The hot AND also the cold crab legs were just too salty. And trust me I love to sprinkle my food with salt, to the point that I should "Halt the salt", but this one I just had to push it away to the side.   . . & since I was hung-over after my first night... lolI asked for some apple juice. I don't know if it was just me hella hung-over, but that was the BEST FXCKIN' apple juice I ever had, EVER!!! It was so good, it quenched my thirst and I love how the waitress put some ice in my apple juice, even when I asked for a re-fill. HEEEY, most people just don't do that... so I tipped her. See it's the little things that count too and I do take notice of, ya know.. . Anyways... if your planning a trip to Vegas, I HIGHLY SUGGEST YOU GET THE BUFFET PASS, ALL ACCESS TO EAT AT 7 DIFFERENT BUFFETS, VALID FOR ONLY 24 HOURS, FOR $49.99 (non- member)!!! Com'on, you can't bet that offer. This buffet pass saved me $$$ and it will for you too!. . BUFFET PASS INFO: http://www.caesars.com/buffets/faq.html
Great choice as an intermediate buffet... you guys know what I'm talking about!! You know??? When you're so sick of buffets from the first buffet you dined at but somehow still want the best bang for your buck on the 2nd meal...why do anything else?! Buffet #2 here you come. . . the Spice Market Buffet always has a warm spot in my heart because of their brunch. How can you not love made to order OMELETS??? They have the typical omelet items... ham, onions, mushrooms, green onions, cheese... but you want to know the secret? . . Here's the secret: go get a slice of the prime rib... chop it up yourself... then bring the plate w/ your chopped primed rib to the station and have (ARGUABLY) the best omelet experience of your life... haha, CLEVER, eh?! . . The Spice Market Buffet has other items that are kind of unique--I love their shrimp tempura, smoked salmon and cream cheese, and crepes!! YUM... super buttery, but yum. . . Come for Champagne Brunch and get your grub on w/ some mimosas, how can you complain when you can eat and drink?!! WINNER WINNER, CHICKEN DINNER (in this case, chicken brunch).. . Great place to go, would get 5/5 but that's more reserved for the M-Buffet where you can get everything I just listed for about half the price on a weekday.  But the M's 9 miles away if you're on the strip, so convenience garners a strong review--well done SPICE MARKET.. . P.S. I love walking thru the Miracle Mile Shops too--good way to build up an appetite.
I love this buffet. It's one of my favorites on the strip. They really do have a little bit of everything there. Their crab legs come pre-cracked too! . . They got me a chair & a glass of water while my BF stood in line since I'm 34 weeks pregnant. They kept making sure I was okay which I thought was incredibly sweet. . . Would've gotten 5 stars if they didn't ask us to leave, stating we were the last people there.
You really can't go wrong with buffets in Las Vegas. The Spice Market is definitely one of my favorites on the strip. They have a wide range of different ethnic foods to choose from. You have your typical ham carving station, seafood, American, Indian, Mexican, Chinese and others.. . What I love most here is their desert station. Their Creme Brulee is too DIE FOR! Once you dig your spoon into this piece of work, you will hear the crunchiness of the top layer down to the creamy insides. It's was so delicious that I was on a mission to find the chef who created it! I spoke with the baker near the desert station, but she couldn't tell who "created" it. They just follow directions on how to make it. My fiance thought I was crazy for doing that.. . Anyways, a must visit buffet if you're in Vegas. Oh yea... try the Creme Brulee!
This place is very good. Better than most of the rest of the buffets on the strip. the price is good about $20 a person for dinner. I am very picky. The quality of the food is on top of my list with service coming next. Both of my requirements were met to really lik ethis place. I have been to most of the buffets and this one is one of the top 3.
I still like the buffet, but I think it's gone downhill in the past few years (since the hotel became the ph instead of a Starwood Aladdin).. . I think every food is still present as before, just lower quality (lesser quality ingredients, not as well prepared, or not as fresh).  Definitely better for dinner than lunch.  Nothing really stands out on its own.. . With the Buffet of Buffets pass, it's an excellent value.
This place was great for me and my husband--hard to achieve as I am a no-meat, no-fish vegetarian and he eats nothing BUT meat and fish... He liked the dressing-stuffed pork loin and turkey with cranberries and apples, and the creme caramel...I liked the Moroccan stew, the garlic mashed potatoes, the mac and cheese, the dried fruits, the cheeses, the veggie skewers, the cotton candy, and the chocolate mousse tarts. It's about $20 per person and well worth it!
Planet Hollywood's spice market buffet was the same as 1 year ago. . There were no lines so getting straight to a table a breeze. . SERVICE:. The waitress a very nice young  lady took or drink orders and under a minute we got our drinks. . FOOD. The food was decent but not as great. . Some of the food selections were good but still the same.. The prime rib was great :P the other food For EX: . Chicken /lamb were dry dry dry. I needed two cups of water to wash it down.. DESERT:. The selection of desert was amazing. . The had every thing from crambrula to fresh cotton candy. Every thing was not to sweet but just hit the right spot. . Also they had crepes in many flavors . . I recommend going anytime possible to enjoy endless food.
everything good!
This is my boyfriends' favorite buffet place to go to.  I feel its a little bit above average.  . . For this particular visit, the crowd was crazy.  They had a special where you could skip the line if you pay an additional $12/person.  At first, I thought that was crazy...but we basically saved probably an hour and half wait.  So, it was definitely worth it.. . Service wise - our waiter was very friendly.  Never had to ask for a refill.  He even brought us A-1 sauce for my boyfriend's prime rib!  Which was his absolute favorite.. . Food - Prime rib is a plus.  My personal favorite is the Shrimp Tempera.  Amazing with the Chile Sauce.  I love the hummus and lamb.  I wish they had a bit more to choose from in their Italian section.  Dessert wise is amazing.  My favorite there was the cotton candy.  Definitely hit the spot.  . . Definitely a decent buffet to go to if you are near Planet Hollywood.
I always have a good experience here at the Spice Buffet. I've been here a couple times now even before it was Planet Hollywood. Food is always good, you're not going to be disappointed when dining here!. . They have different stations like every other buffets! Food is amazing! Dessert station is good! Def a stop when you're in Vegas!
Did Buffet of Buffets deal and went to Paris's Village buffet, and Rio's World buffet before this one. I'm rating this one half a star higher because unlike the other 2 buffets, the Spice Market buffet has fully peeled shrimp and halved snow crab legs which allows for rapid consumption of the two.  Overall food quality was slightly higher.  The prime rib was a little more tender and the fish was a little more moist.   Has typical Vegas buffet selection.  Less French food than Paris's Village buffet, less "World" food than Rios world buffet.  Still has fresh made crepe and a good mediterranean section though.   Slightly smaller food selection in exchange for notably higher food quality.
Very good buffet, also part of the $54 for 24 hours. If you use your players card it knocks off $10. Service was also very good.
One of the buffets in the Buffet of Buffets tour. Went here for an afternoon snack so it's wasn't too busy at all. Heard about the crepes and the freshly spun cotton candy so off we went to try.. . Overall, the food offerings were pretty decent. Mid-easterm section was good, prime rib was tasty, seafood was pretty decent. I liked the half-shelled crab legs. . . Dessert section was good with a lot to choose from. The crepes though good was only dessert, no savory crepes. They pre-make the crepe "cakes" before warming up and adding the sweet ingredients. The cotton candy brought us back to childhood. A nice treat that's different from other buffets in the tour.. . Service was good, but our server was an older guy and seemed kinda annoyed at something. Didn't seem all that friendly but did get us our drinks quick.. . *They do offer wine and spirits for an additional cost if have the Buffet of Buffets pass.. . a solid 3.5 stars.
Crab legs = delicious!
Food is pretty normal, ethnic foods aren't to die for and are toned down to meet the tastes of the masses, prime rib is to die for! I went to breakfast and it was alright, now the worst but not the best, four stars because it really is good, but not as great as the other one I went to, it's a fair second though.
Was in Vegas in January. Back in September. Went to Spice Buffet again. I still love this buffet. So much to chose from. Love the international mix.
Crab legs!! Cotton candy!! Yummy!!
For the price, it's kind of hard to beat Spice market buffet. I've stayed at Planet Hollywood my last two vegas trips and I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the Spice market. Without breaking the bank at buffets like Belagio, spice market is a bang-for-the-buck buffet. My top pics at this buffet:. . Crab legs, Mediterranean kabobs, pork loin, and definitely the french silk pie!
Any buffet that allows you to do the pay-for-lunch, stay-for-dinner trick automatically deserves extra points.. . Great buffet, nice selection, quite a few favorites.  Lunch is not quite as good as dinner.  I particularly enjoyed the prime rib and teriyaki wings.  Also, chocolate-dipped strawberries for dessert.  And cotton candy.  I signed up for the Planet Hollywood Rewards card and got a $5 off buffet coupon on top of that.  Not too shabby.
We went here for a lunch buffet on Sunday. The place was pretty empty and we didn't have to stand in line. We also only paid $20 bucks and had some of the best food ever. They have everything here, split into the different kinds of food.. . . The brisket, bacon, chicken marsala, sushi, chinese food and the desseerts are the best. They even had cotton candy!! Can't beat this buffet, esp for its price.
Delicious, and plenty of options.  If you're in Vegas, and you want to hit up a good buffet, you cannot go wrong here!  There is plenty of variety, and it's all above average.
I got the Buffet of Buffets pass and went here first.  I had heard great things about Spice Market so I was excited.  Well, long story short, it wasn't all that great and I was let down.  The crab legs were tiny and near impossible to eat, the lamb tasted like dirt, and the prime rib was dry.  So, off to another buffet.  Well, once my pass was about to expire, I decided to go back to Spice Market for convenience (since every other buffet I tried wasn't so special, either) and had a completely different experience that time.  Every thing was SO GOOD.  The prime rib was medium rare and juicy, the shrimp cocktail was awesome, and the tempura shrimp (my personal favorite from this restaurant) still has me lying awake at night thinking about it.  The only thing I wasn't impressed with was the desert bar.  Everything tasted processed and from the frozen aisle of a Sam's Club.  . . I will definitely come back here.  More so for the tempura shrimp than anything.
Probably one of the only other buffets in Vegas I'm willing to eat at, other than Wynn's. Don't be fooled by my 4-star rating; the food isn't amazing -- but it gets the job done without breaking the bank. I've been here twice for breakfast and lunch, and everything tasted decently yummy.. . My favorites from here are probably the French toast with real strawberries and syrup, most of the chicken dishes, and the soft serve ice cream (one of the best soft serves I've ever had). They also have a great dessert selection, including deliciously soft and chewy cookies and cotton candy. Yes, you read right, COTTON CANDY. I forget why but for some reason our buffet came with champagne and we discovered that putting cotton candy in champagne makes a fine (and sweeter) tasting bubbly.. . No complaints from me!
This place definitely deserves 4.5stars. I came here Monday night and the wait was less than 20 minutes. . . Of all the buffet of buffet places, this was my favorite. Even though people say dessert is best at Casear's Lago and seafood is best at Rio, I think Spice Market beats them all. Even a few of the workers at Casear's told me that Spice Market is best. When were first go here, we had to walk in the back corner at the Seafood station for warm crab legs. Sadly the warm butter didn't taste that great... it didn't taste like butter at all. I also liked the tempura shrimp, some pieces had too thick batter. The roast sirloin was good, lamb kabobs were okay, some pieces were dry. The Middle Eastern section was a few people's favorite in my party. I honestly don't remember what I ate here other than warm crab legs, roast beef, sirloin and fruits. . . The desserts here are awesome though. Everyone liked the cotton candy and a they don't even care if you take it out. This place definitely has the best creme brulee. It was warm and the sugar cracked seamlessly. The banana creme pie was good, and cream puffs were delicious. I also wanted the ice cream but I was just too stuff.
Spice Market Buffet. You are fuckin delicious.. . Located at one of the Strip's most fabulous, in-demand, and decadently gay hotel & casino, you definitely know how to spice up one's dinner !! For the price, you're like a cheap slut that gives good head !! $30 per person for dinner !! If you have a Total Rewards Members card, you save a few extra bucks. More bang for your buck !! No pun intend...nvm. . If you're on the search for this buffet, it's located (not conveniently though since you have to park at the parking structure in the back off of Harmon Street and walk through the shops) in the center of all the action of the casino. There are escalators leading you down to this wonderful eatery.. . The line can get long during dinner. We had to wait awhile since everyone & their mothers invaded this place. You 1st pay in line and then you wait for a hostess to seat you. The process can be painful especially when you're hella hungry. Like come on people, get your fatty on and then leave once you're done !! Don't sit and talk !! Or I'ma have to come over & slap you hoe !!. . The food is SOOOO GOOD here !! They have various foods from various regions of the world such as Asian, Italian, Mexican, American etc. Whatever floats your boat !! I personally like to attack the seafood 1st...leave no mercy. HAHA I know i probably look like a typical Asian buffet person (you know...the ones that stack plates & plates of seafood and not care bout the ppl behind them) but really.... I AM !! hahahaha feeding to my stereotype. To each their own bitch !!. . The quality of the food here is superb !! You won't swallow anything nasty or stale or gross !! Their Italian section is amazing !! Especially the seafood pastas !! Yummm !! Are you drooling yet?. . The seafood itself is unbelievable !! For the price that you're paying, you're getting incredible quality of seafood !! King crab legs get restocked over & over & over again !! Mine mine mine !! The Asian section is aiiiiiighhttt. Nothing to drool over. The Mexican section...I have yet to experience since I get too full before I even hit the right side of the buffet. Wahhh. . THE DESSERTS !! AHHH there's cotton candy !! That itself is the deal winner for me !! How often do you eat cotton candy !! ....unless you're a Disneyland whore & practically whoring your body to Mickey Mouse for some sugar high. but really...that was the most exciting part about this buffet when I 1st saw the cotton candy !!. . Anyways, coming down from my Yelp sugar high...the service is good here !! The waiters clean up your table often so it doesn't look like a barbaric feast. They're also really nice and patient !! Our waitress didn't rush us to finish since they were about to close out for the night so that was really considerate of her !!. . So come here to get fat !! Just don't go to the club after. You'll be bloated off your ass & look nasty in that tight dress or dress shirt !!
Atmosphere was a little "old Las Vegas" despite being located in Planet Hollywood.  Rather bland tables and booths.  I was eating alone and was offered a tiny table right by the hostess desk.  I asked for another table and was offered one in the back next to several families with small children.  Not the best welcome!  Thank goodness the food was very good and the waiter was attentive and  friendly which more than made up for the hostess.  All of the food was very good and almost seemed over ambitious for a buffet.  Most could have been outstanding if they didn't have to sit on the buffet.   The place is large and the array of food is extensive.  I really enjoyed my meal.
Spice Market is Planet Hollywood's own buffet and it is quite a good one. If you stay at the hotel, you also get a 10% discount (which basically only covers the tax of $30 per head). The food selection is excellent. They have Mexican, Chinese, Middle Eastern, Italian, a grill, and seafood. Personally I'm a seafood lover so I stuck mostly to seafood but I did try at least one thing from every section. Snowcrab legs like every buffet was the most popular thing on the menu, people were just grabbing plates of them. Sometimes they were hot, sometimes they were chilled which was a little weird. The food is tasty though and we all ate ourselves into a food coma. . . We went at prime dinner time 6 PM and had to wait in line for about 45 minutes. There's a line on the casino floor to take the escalator downstairs to wait in another line. That was a little disappointing to finally get through one line only to go into another. The service is spotty, sometimes no one would pick up our plates until a few had collected, sometimes it was right as we finished. We only went to one buffet in Vegas so don't have something to compare it with except buffets here and I must say, it's one of the better buffets I've ever been to in terms of food quality.
The food was great! I like their dessert section too. The waitress was nice enough to bring us plate full of crab legs. When we were done with our meal, she also brought warm hand towels and lemon for us to wash our hands with.
People really knocking down the score due to a staircase? Mind you I call it the escalator to heaven (even though it goes down, but then again escalator to hell wouldn't reflect my score). This was our last stop for the 24 hour buffet pass. We were seated promptly.. . The food choices resembled the United Nations. Variety was good. Quality was great. I enjoyed the seafood very much. Last comment. Best green tea I've had. I know people don't go to buffets for the tea, but don't knock it till you try it.
when you're in vegas all you want to do is eat. there's so many eateries that its hard to choose from. buffets are what you think about next to drinking and getting drunk when you're in vegas. i on the other hand can only think about food so i was trying to figure out which buffets to eat at. . . After asking a few locals their top picks for good buffets are at planet hollywood & at the rio. I've been to spices before & remembered that it was one of the best buffets I've had in vegas as well. So, the bf & I came for sunday brunch [for his first time]. He agreed that it was one of the best buffets that he has had in vegas as well. . . Under the seafood section The buffalo fried shrimp was delicious! I kept going back for more. it had a slight kick but just the right amount. they had shrimp cocktail as well but you'll get your hands dirty with all the lemon squeezing. with the buffalo fried shrimp i munched on it as i walked to my next selection. it was a great balance because i got to clear my plate and add more while walking it off! . . Under american section They have egg benedict as well traditional & one with apple glaze. As I waited patiently for the traditional which ended up tasting like the one with apple glaze because it had a sweet flavor to it. we didn't enjoy it one bit. they ran out of egg benedict and while waiting the guy in the back asked the meat carver to refill the egg benedict so i think without knowing which was what he placed the apple glazed flavor on the regular traditional.. . Under the italian section is the mini waffles, pancakes, pizza, etc. im not quite sure why it is under the italian section but it was. . . Under mexican section the carne asada fajita was bomb! the chicken fajita was too dry. . . There's a salad & dessert section too. I didn't get any dessert because I didn't see anything cheesecake related & I wanted to save my belly for jean philippe patisserie. they had ice cream, crepes, etc.. . service was fair. you can't expect too much at a buffet. while in line they will hand you a sheet of paper so that you can mark off which drinks you want and you can place it on the table while you grab food. so that's definitely convenient and efficient.  . . they also have tv's where you can watch sports. another bonus is they have their very own close by restroom!
Used to be my favorite until Wynn Buffet opened up.. . Went back this past weekend for the Sunday brunch since we had time to kill before our flight.  Once we got there around 1pm we had to wait for about 40 minutes, which is a good thing IMO.  I was afraid quality going down since the last time I came was 2 years ago but crowd is a good sign.. . Got in, and was surprised to find that the Sunday brunch was less than $30!  They have all the usuals: carving station with prime rib, seafood, American, Mexican etc.  Our favorite, surprisingly, was the spicy tuna roll!  I was skeptical when I first tried it but the surprising kick drew me in.  The rest of the table tried it and I think we must've killed over 20 of them as a table hahah.  The crabs were great since they were cracked in half for you.  . . Tried the turkey and prime rib at the carving station.  Both were pretty good, but nothing too crazy about them.  Great au jus for the prime rib and they offered both creamed and smooth horseradish on the side.  At around 4pm, they started switching to dinner and they had this bacon pork belly at the carving station as well.  A little salty but not bad.. . As for the Asian food section, again, nothing too crazy but I did like the BBQ pork bun.  There's also a Mid-Eastern section with hummus, tandoori, and others.  It's a nice change from the American and breakfast food items :P. . The dessert section had a lot of different mousses and cakes, but my favorite was definitely the creme brulee.  Not served during lunch/brunch, but since we stayed long enough for the dinner service, they had creme brulee out.  The soft serve machine was down so I didn't get a chance to grab anything :[. . In the end, I was pleasantly surprised that Spice Market Buffet was still good after all these years.  I remember when this place was the shiet and even with the new buffets popping up, serving "higher class" buffet items, Spice Market is doing a good job!
Wow, I'm surprised at the widely varying reviews here. I've found Spice Market to be probably the BEST buffet in Vegas. It's certainly the largest with great variety and it's been really consistent over the years. Great salads, great carving station, great desserts and a whole lot more. It might be on the higher end price-wise, but worth it. Be sure to look into discounts through your player's card at Planet Hollywood.
an excellent choice, this was my second choice dinner for the buffet of buffets and definitely a good one. the line wasnt too long (sunday night) and we seated and eating in about half an hr. the food didnt have too much appeal although my favorites were the soy sauce halibut and cocktail shrimp (peeled). the cracked crab legs were good but were on the really dry side. our waiter was actually NOWHERE to be found. i dont even remember who she was! our plates were not constantly being cleared so we ate on top of our dirty empty plates. the dessert selection was pretty good. i had creme brulee, cotton candy, fruit tart and a chocolate mousse cake. yumms!
We ate here last June because we had 4:00pm show reservations for the Popovich Comedy Pet Theater at the V Theater (If you like animals and circus acts without the cracking of the whip, then go! But that's another review for another time). We decided to show up early (12:30) to pick up the VIP tickets and take a walk around the Miracle Mile Shops. All of a sudden, our 9 year old daughter says that she is hungry and I opted to get the family a nice treat. Besides, I had not eaten here since it was the Aladdin. As we approached the buffet, we were pleasantly surprised to find that the line for lunch was fairly reasonable for midday weekday lunch.. . Much to my surprise, nothing had changed about this place except for some cosmetic touches to the dining area. The salad section had fresh bamboo shoots and whole peeled beets (score!). There were so many sections to choose from that I did not want overdo it on one section.. . The seafood section was pretty good. The sushi looked OK but it. s buffet sushi.  The highlight of the station is the crab meat stuffed sole and paella. Delicious and well seasoned.  The Middle Eastern section was to die for with flavorful hummus, naan bread, tandoori chicken and chicken curry. The tabouleh salad and the curry sauce were good as well. The only meh part of the meal was the shrimp Pad Thai. Since I am 1/2 Thai, I did not expect a Vegas buffet to perfect Thai cooking like they do here in the LA area where I live. Could have used a little more tamarind, but I like my Pad Thai a little tangy than most. I'll give the cooks an A for effort since they used the right type of rice noodle (Sen Lek).  If I wanted Thai food, I'd go to a Thai restaurant.   There were many places to hit but the stomach only has so much room.  Unless I wanted to relive the scene from Monty Python's movie "The Meaning of Life."  (I'll refrain from spoiling the scene). . Our 9 year old loved the dessert buffet. The fresh spun cotton candy was the highlight for her. I took a bite and it was pretty good. The flan was delicious and the cannolis were pretty good as well. I like the Orleans' cannolis better at the French Market Buffet but the Spice Market's were not bad. No pecan pie that I could see but that's not a deal breaker. My wife had the bread pudding and said it was OK.. . Will definitely come back and eat another meal at this buffet. Next time we'll try to see if we can get in at the tail end of lunch so we can try some of the dinner items when they change from lunch to dinner.  If you do a Google seach,  you can find $5.00 off coupons for this place which they will take.  Now I need to find the 25% coupons that I have heard a lot about.
I was pleasant surprise as I have heard that some of the buffets in Vegas are terrible. I went with some of the ladies I was staying with on a Saturday morning for the brunch buffet as we missed the breakfast only. They offered a wide range of food options from breakfast, lunch, and dessert. They had traditional breakfast options such as eggs, waffles, pancakes, and french toast. Along with breakfast they had various lunch options with everything from soup and salads, Asian, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Seafood. They also offered many dessert options from pastries, crepes, and fresh fruit. . . Some of my highlights were the french toast which was dipped in cinnamon. The pineapple and cantaloupe were extremely fresh and juicy. Spicy Buffalo Shrimp and this Crab dish I can't think of the name were so good. I thoroughly enjoyed my crepe it would have been nice to just offer strawberry instead of mixed but the banana was good with chocolate sauce. . . If your looking for a decent buffet this would be a good option to try. I will recommend that you go get the players card of the casino at Planet Hollywood because the buffet will be cheaper.
Went here for Lunch. Line wasn't too bad. The seating area is very spacious and each cuisine is separated into different areas. The mideastern food was delicious, very fresh. The American area had scrambled eggs which were great and bacon and eggs Benedict. Asian section wasn't the best and while there was a Mexican section, i didn't eat the food because it was mainly beans, rice and fajitas.  Dessert bar was good- freshly made and laid out nicely. Also a great assortment of Danishes and pastries.
We went here for breakfast one morning, having heard great reviews from friends.  There were various stations representing different cuisines (Italian, Asian, etc).  We both found a number of items we liked, piling our plates full.  I think there was almost too much to choose from, wish my stomach was bigger, haha!  They cleaned our plates from our table and filled up our coffee promptly.  Service was good. . . I'd go back here again, was a decent price and had lots of variety.
Hmm, it was good.  I'd go here again.  I went here using the Buffet of Buffets pass.  I'm from the East Coast, so if you've been to the buffet at Foxwoods, Spice Market reminded me of Foxwoods buffet in terms of quantity and quality.
We went last night last night celebrating a friend's birthday. Decided to go since it was one was one of the only buffets in town that stayed open after 9pm(to our surprise the buffet actually stayed open to 11pm).  They had about 9 different stations ranging from Seafood, Mexican and the usual stuff. Our group really enjoyed the seafood and middle eastern stations the most.. . The Good:. . Crab Legs. Skewed Chicken and Steak. Crepe Station. . The Bad:. . I wish the stations had a little bit more variety.. No sugar free desserts(at least i didn't see any).. . Overall: . . I recommend the spice market buffet to anyone wanting to catch a somewhat late night open buffet with a craving for really delicious food.
I actually thought this buffet was the best one out of the three that we ate at (Rio's Carnival and Le Village Buffet included). We got here around 4:45 PM on a Saturday, which was super early as we had just eaten at Paris only five hours beforehand. But there was no wait at all, so we strolled through the line, got a table, and sat there for awhile before we got food. And pretty soon ten minutes later, there was a super long line! Talk about good timing. :). . The stations are pretty similar to the other buffets - Prime rib, salad, Asian, Italian, Seafood, Dessert, etc. They did have a Brazilian barbecue of lamb or beef off of skewers. That was pretty good. And yes, they had the crab legs. The only difference is that here, the crab legs are cut in half for you so you don't have to dig for the meat. So be prepared for the long lines. I stood behind a lady who took her time picking out all the crab legs ... and then she turned to me and said "my dinner..." . . The clam chowder soup is good, and the prime rib is better than the other two buffets - very tender and delicious. Pretty worth it! I loaded my plate up with veggies - very fresh and the salad was crisp, too. The pizza, eh looked quite bad as if sitting there for a long time. They had some fried shrimp, I believe which was tasty. . . The best part is the dessert! I think they also have a crepes station, but after the not so good crepes at Le Village, we decided to skip it. They have upside down cake with strawberries, chocolate cake, tarts, chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee, cotton candy. I loaded up on the desserts and ended my meal with cotton candy - which was uberly sweet. And I also drank milk as my beverage. And feasted on some more creme brulee - which was not as good as Le Village! Not such a good combination with the prime rib, crab legs and whatnot and I ended up getting an upset stomach. . . But! I really liked this buffet and the overall ambiance. The noise level is quite low and there are lots of booths/tables to divide up the room to give a more private sort of feeling. Don't forget to tip your server!
Not a bad buffet in Vegas for the price.  Wait can be kind of long. If you have a party of 8 or more, there is also an 18% service charge. Also, if you have a big group and do not want to pay the charge, and split up the payment receipt, you will probably not get to sit together.  Our group tried and failed. . . Experience here has been good every time. Food is fresh and there are a lot of options: carving station, American food, Italian, Mexican, Middle Easter, Chinese, and even Seafood.  . . They have lamb sometimes for dinner. Dinner food is usually a little better, especially with the king crab legs. The Sunday champagne brunch is awesome. You get unlimited mimosa and bloody Mary's with the brunch.  The servers are very good with filling your cup. I even got mine topped off as I was leaving. Awesome! . . Overall, food is good and fresh. Definitely a good go to buffet in Vegas.
Of the plethora of choices for Harrah's properties, PH has the best buffet of all of them. I rate Paris next in line. One way to know is how they make some of their food. For instance, the creamed chipped beef and corned beef hash are all made fresh. While at Harrahs, and the others, it is from a can. The Flamingo has gone up in standards a bit, but Harrah's and Paris have gone down hill some. If you are going to do the 24 hour buffet I would do PH as your main choice to eat. . . For dinner, they have the best choices of all the other buffets and really do the crab legs well with both warm and cold legs. They also have peel and eat shrimp already peeled for you. That little step saves a ton of mess and time. It is worth the crab legs just to eat there. . . Service is friendly and the staff were attentive to us. If you are Diamond or Platinum they make sure you are taken care of right away.  . . Make no mistake PH doesn't get five stars because it is not on the caliber of MGM or Bellagio. But for Harrah's properties, it is the best.
Of all the six buffets included in the Buffet of Buffets... the crab legs are the best at Spice Market Buffet. They're the biggest and easiest to eat. I love how they were cut in half so you don't have to waste time trying to open them yourself. The steamed crab legs were dry, but the cold ones were juicy and sweet. I also liked the shrimp & cocktail sauce and beef kebabs. I can't say much else about their food since I gorged myself on crabs and dessert. . . I came here at 6:30 on a Wednesday, but the line wasn't too long.
I kept calling this place "Spice World" all day, not realizing that I was mixingup the name of the buffet with the title of the second Spice Girls' album. Oh well.. . Honestly, it was good! 4 stars is maybe a bit much; it's more like 3.5 but I will round-up because of the big selection and attentive service (my champagne glass was always kept full and the waitress even gave us refills to-go). There is a huge variety and the majority of the selections were very tasty. I don't think I'd go back for just the buffet by itself, but I'd come back as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" pass.
YUM. The prime rib here is so delicious. So are the short ribs and moroccan chicken. I don't eat seafood so I can't comment on that. Lots of variety at this buffet! There's seriously something for everyone. The chocolate dipped strawberries were a-mazing.. . The downside is that a lot of their meats were dry aka fajitas and kabobs.. . Regardless I would definitely eat here again!
I ate here for the second time during a recent trip to Las Vegas. The first time was over a year ago when a girlfriend and I opted for the 24 hour pass. We really enjoyed the Planet Hollywood buffet and everything it had to offer, so when my boyfriend said he wanted to try a buffet on his first trip to Vegas last weekend, I knew we would have to come here. The price is fair considering the cost of food on the strip and the selection you get here. We also paid the additional $24 to jump the line as it was HUGE and we were starving. With my Players Club card that I signed up for the first time, we got a nice little discount and were seated right away. We quickly ventured off to see what they were offering. Crab legs galore (which they topped up regularly and were nice and hot), a great seafood selection, Italian food (including pizza), American offerings, Middle Eastern, Asian, Mexican, and a great salad and dessert bar. After about 12 plates each of food, we were thoroughly satisfied! If you're looking for a good buffet in Vegas at a moderate price point, Spice Market is your best bet. We might try the Bellagio or Wynn buffet next time, but I highly recommend this one!
mmmm Mexican breakfast food --great for hungover people like myself.  They had 'make your own' breakfast burritos, a ton of fruit, homemade guac, pico de gallo , etc. . . I typically don't do buffets but the Bride in our bachelorette party wanted to go here so we did!!!. . And it was really good!  If you are a local and show your id they give you like 10% off, but it's still kind of pricey at $25+ for breakfast.. . The had a different sections of foods, typical of most buffets. I will have to agree with another writer,  I stayed away from the Asian/Chinese nothing looked too amazing there. I killed the Mexican section, but I think I mentioned that already. Stayed away from the desserts, the pizza looked pretty bad so I steered clear of the Italian section altogether, the seafood section could've been better but the friend buffalo and coconut shrimp were pretty good, stuff sole was good too!. . All in all pretty good & fast!
Come at 11:00am. Breakfast then the swap for lunch.
I like the assortment, here.. . It is one of the few buffets in Vegas to offer Middle Eastern food.  I do not recommend the baklava, if you want authentic.  It is overly sweet.  It doesn't taste bad, but it wasn't what I was craving.  . . Some of the foods are hit or miss.  Some of the chicken dishes, for example, are extremely tender and flavorful, and some are dry and bland.  Luckily, they don't seem to charge extra even if I leave their tasteless food on the plate.  . . I got the shrimp tempera right as they put it out, and it was delicious.  I don't usually eat tempera when I go to restaurants because the oil is reused so much, it leaves a nasty taste, and it isn't a good crispy texture, but this one was crisp and delicious.  It was the best I've ever had, even compared to non-buffet restaurants.. . It has some unique dishes as well.  They had ribs cooked with a black pepper sauce on the outside so that it was crispy on the outside.  It was interesting.  They also had meatballs with breadcrumbs around the outside creating a crispy exterior.. . They also have a lot of the foods Le Village Buffet in Paris has.  For example, they have the same breads, but more.  They have the same cheeses.  They have the same meats, but more like the stuffed sole fillet.  And best of all they have the frozen custard.. . The crepe station here just gets premade crepe skins and reheats it with butter. . . Also, when I when, the cuts of meat on the carving station seemed better at Le Village, compared to Spice Market.. . Overall, this and Rio are my favorites from the Buffet of Buffets.
This is a pretty good buffet.  I really enjoyed their Mediterranean offerings which felt healthier (not sure if they were.)  The lines can get a bit long, but it's worth the wait.
I enjoyed my meal here more than at The Wicked Spoon.. . (In an effort to boil down this review and impart some streamlined advice.)
My bf and I had just arrived in LV, starving and ready to chow down with our Buffet of Buffet passes bought and ready to be used. What better place to engage in gluttonous eating than a buffet? We arrived at the Spice Market right 10:55pm (they close at 11pm and for some reason we read that they close at 3am on Yelp. Glad to know someone fixed the times!) and they were nice enough to immediately seat us right in front of the desserts so we had quick access. They let us know that food will be put away by 11:30 and that we'd have to leave by 11:45. They gave us a list of drinks to choose from and we just checkmarked a whole bunch that sounded good so we could hurry along and fill up our plates. They separated the buffet areas by genres - Italian, Mexican, Mediterranean, Seafood, Asian, Dessert, Middle Eastern, etc. My favorite of everything that I tried was the crab stuffed sole. The crab is so flavorful and the sole was soft and delicate. Whether you're a dessert person or not, try the creme brulee. You will love it. And I love the fact that they had pink cotton candy. How fun and cute! . . Our waitress, Remi (?), was an angel the entire time. She knew we were in a rush and was quick to bring out our drinks and give us recommendations on the best dishes. She felt bad when she had to kick us out at 11:45 and repeatedly apologized but we knew she was just following the rules. We came back the next day for round #2 but sadly didn't see her. Nonetheless, the food was one of the better ones we had from the Buffet of Buffets list and the service was exquisite.
I sincerely believe that PH has one of the best buffets on the strip. The selection is good and the price is reasonable. . . We went for Sunday breakfast around 8am and it was not busy at all. Just walked right up to the cashier.
Still one of the best buffets around - quality over quantity.
Really enjoyable experience this trip. Went for dinner and paid 10.99 extra for unlimited champagne. Love the tempura shrimp, steak kabobs in middle-eastern section, prime rib, mashed potatoes, and great selection of desserts. Can't wait to go back!
I was expecting a 5 star experience...but got a 4 star instead.  Good variety of foods, but the kabobs were all so dry...hope it was a fluke.  The prime rib was tasty.  I think the best cuisine there was the "American" one, so be sure to check it out.. . Cheers
This buffet is amazing. I liked how it was super organized with the food by their origin. I think ether the american and the asian section was the best.
My friend & I were just there yesterday & Sunday (we got the 24 hr pass for $44.95, $48ish wth tax), we obviously liked it. Here's what I liked: tandori chicken- very flavorful, an itialian style baked chicken, bbq chicken, mashed potatoes-I think they were the best I've ever had at a restaurant, creamy & full of flavor, sourdough bread was soft-perfect wth butter, chicken fajitas-I should know this was good, I'm mexican, mushroom concotion- dnt know what its clld but that sh%$ was goooood, pizza-bothe the vegetable & pepperoni, vegetable eggrolls-just the right amt of spices, the ranch dressing-yes, the ranch is awesome, they have a tomato/mozzarella salad that was pretty good 2. Here's what I didn't like: no enchiladas in the mexican section-all they had was chkn or beef fajitas, mexican rice (it was ok), whole pinto beans, street tacos (they looked old) & a selection of salsas, guacamole, sour cream, etc. Next, the tortilla soup is more like a chunky, spicy tomato soup, not tortilla-although the flavor was good, its defin not tortilla. The chicken fingers were fatty- I took a bite & that was it, I cdnt even swallow that one. The chinese noodles were dry, blah. I was dissapointed in the location 2, its down the escalator below the casino, no natural light. Although the decor is nice, it was a little 2 dark 4 my liking. I am not a seafood person, so I can't rate that. I saw ppl eatin they crab legs, oysters & shrimp. They have several beef & pork selections, like bbq ribs & sm other stuff. But again I ddnt try those so } can't rate them. I dnt know if I wd pay the regular lunch or dinner prices though, get the pass, I think its a btr deal. My frnd & I were able to get 3 meals out of it, pretty good at $48 for the strip. Lastly, the desserts, hmmmm? Ummm, not much of a selection, all cupckes pretty much. They do have tons of flavors though & the ones I tried were pretty awesome. They also have a crepe section, but a small selection of what goes in the crepes. Also, a self serve soft ice cream machine. Enjoy! Oohhhh I almost 4got, the waiter we had yesterday was the nicest I've ever had. I ddnt get his name, but he had an accent. Cdnt tell where he's frm though :-(
Overall, I'll say I'm a fan. I went here for brunch with a friend on my trip to Vegas a few weeks ago because it was highly recommended. The brunch was "ok", but what we really needed to stay for was the lunch .... and we did.. . GREAT variety - there are over 6 different cultural food stations (Middle Eastern, American, Mexican, Asian Fusion, etc) and a cupcake bar! I'd agree... Not the 5 star experience I was hoping for, but still worth a trip if you like to eat like we do!
Breakfast . OJ is watered down.. Nice staff. Gorgeous bathrooms. Food was decent
Sunday Dinner review:. . 3.5 stars, but I'll give it 4 for the heck of it. I didn't expect a whole lot from the buffet at Planet Hollywood, but maybe that is why I was pleasantly surprised. After going to the Bellagio and finding a "holiday menu" at the buffet with subsequent elevated prices for the weekend, my buddy and I decided to head across to PH and give that one a try. . . The buffet itself can be a little tricky to find depending on what door you come in. It's set in the basement and seems almost forgotten about. Compared to the fancier casino floor above it, the buffet seems dark and dingy. However, it's really not that bad once you get settled in.. . Prices aren't cheap, but are decent for what you get. There are plenty of little sections with different types of food, including an interested Middle Eastern section which...well, half of it seemed Greek. Maybe they think Greece is in the Middle East? Meh.... . They even have hot AND cold snow crab legs, which were fairly decent (though the hot ones were a bit dry). I found them better and easier to eat than at the Paris buffet a couple days prior. . . Dessert was really boring. It's basically just a big section of cupcakes. People love cupcakes, I know, but come on...can you serve anything other than cupcakes? Sure, there are a few other things hidden in the shadows, but not really. I tried two, and one was very good...but the other wasn't. . . Service was good but not great. She got us our refills and cleared our plates, but didn't smile throughout the process. Oh well, I'm getting used to that at buffets in Vegas. . . I'm giving it 4 stars (again, rounded up from 3.5) because it was better than expected. If I had gone in with the foolish mindset of getting something as good or similar to Wynn of Bellagio, I would give it 2 stars...but I would hit myself for being that stupid too. For what it is, this is a fine buffet.
Saving my 100th review for Vegas buffets..... . I've been here several times, but my recent visit to Vegas during the summer we did the 24 hour buffet pass for $45. Without it, price for regular brunch is $27.99 and dinner $29.99, but for $15 more you can visit one of several different local buffets as many times as you'd like in a 24 hour period. Definitely a good deal and worth it. . . The Spice Market buffet has one of the largest selections and the freshest food in town. I suggest you get here early (30min) to avoid the lunch and dinner rush. The buffet is set up in stations that represent different styles of cuisine. Great lineup of world foods that are sure to delight your taste buds and senses with offerings from the Middle East, Asian, Mexican, Japanese, and Italian. Plus your standard American buffet spread - prime ribs, ham, turkey, bbq beef ribs, roast chicken, etc. For seafood, the king crab legs, stuffed scallops, salmon and shrimp cocktails are delictable and tasty. The crabs come pre-cracked making it easy to pick through and cuts down on the time required to enjoy them. My favorite station is Middle Eastern grill station. Great grilled lamb, kabobs, and vegetables.. . The dessert station is awesome here. Decadent choices of desserts like cream brulee, cotton candy, canoli, cup cakes, eclairs, fruit tarts and chocolate dipped strawberry. There is even a live cooking station for dessert where a chef will make you a hot bananas foster or a made-to-order crepe.. . Atmosphere is nice and service was pretty decent. The server was friendly and would stop by regulary to re-fill our drinks. They have TV throughout the  restaurant perfect when watching the Lakers or sports game.. . Overall - 3.5 star. I would recommend this place to anyone. Definitely a better choice over Harrahs or Paris buffet.. . Cons - Finding the place can be difficult cause its located in lower level of the hotel. Make sure to follow the signs to escalator. Long lines during peak lunch and dinner hours. Pricey, but make sure to get 24hr pass for great deal.
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas. Got the 24 hour AYCE buffet special for $50. Great deal! This place is clean and modern.The vibe is pleasant. I came here for brunch and dinner yesterday! There are a wide selection of food from Asian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, Italian, American, Seafood departments. I recommend their breakfast items, prime irib, italian sausage and peppers, braised short ribs, mexican rice and chile verde. Their salad bar is disappointingly lacking of items. Their dessert bar should be called cupcake bar because there are a zillion types of cupcakes. I prefer their petite cheesecake. . . Our servers were attentive but our young male server during brunch couldn't multitask. The line can be ridiculously long so it's best to come at odd times if you want to beat the traffic.
This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas and it still has the old buffet name when the hotel use to be called Aladdin so Caesar's Entertainment is still lagging on the Planet Hollywood renovation. . . But anyways this buffet is located on the basement level of Planet Hollywood and when the lines get really long particularly on the weekends, it can snake around the casino towards the strip entrance. They even offer you to move to the front of the line for $20! But if you are a highroller for their Total Rewards program then you have your own line to avoid this cluster FUCK. I prefer the Mlife program because they have better buffets and nicer resorts (Bellagio, Aria, Mirage, NY NY, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay  and the lower tier Luxor and Excalibur).. . I always experience great service here except for a few that are minor, the food is just your typical Vegas buffet and not over the top like The Buffet at Bellagio and Wynn also the new Bachannel Buffet at Caesars (REALLY IMPRESSED).. . The decor is just plain with movie posters all around the Buffet and the staff has their favorite movie posted on their name tag I thought was pretty cute. The dessert station was the best with the fresh made cotton candy, lollipops, crepes and the usual cakes and gelato ice cream. This isn't on the top of my lists for buffets but I wouldn't mind coming back.
We got 24hours pass (Buffet of Buffets) and we used it 5 times in 24 hours. The Spice Market is a good buffet with too many options. But the quality of food is like all buffets. Good thing about this buffet is their seafood.
Really enjoy our buffet here out of all buffets in Vegas, good food, decent taste, and variety is outstanding. Just a little hectic with the service, you would have to wait 30 min for a fork or a drink. waiter/waitress a little clumsy and slow. A little messy at the restaurant and food station as well. Would be better if the station show more cleanness  and sanitize. But otherwise food is excellent.
A great selection of food. I especially liked the sushi, king crab legs, and Mediterranean section. The dessert table looked delicious.  They even have cotton candy! Great service!
The SECOND you walk into Planet Hollywood.... . Gitchi gitchi yaya dada. Gitchi gitchi yaya here. Mocha chocolata, yaya. Where d'you think you're sleeping tonight? Oh!!. . Even though I consider myself a lady, I couldn't stop looking at the laa-dies!!!  How else was I going to get to this buffet?. . Buffet of Buffets got me and this was my final and last stop.  24 hours came and went in a flash!  It was only 2 hours ago that I had lunch but I only had 4 more hours before this 24 hour bracelet expires!  . . We waited in line for about 20 minutes, which is reasonable.  As we reach our cashier, I asked the guy to cut my branded bracelet off of me.  He asked me if I was sure... I actually hesitated for a second, thinking, I can get another buffet in!!!  As he cut the bracelet off, I felt a tinge of sadness...AHHHH!!!  No more buffets!  But a slight happiness too... AHHHH!!! No more buffets!  The deed was done.... . Both of us being still full from our last buffet adventure, sat for a very long time before heading up to grab food.  And my round 1 attempt was pathetic... . . Round 1: pesto pasta, fried chicken, mash potatoes, anti-pasta, various cheese slices and olives. . Round 2: Alaskan crab legs and shrimp cocktails with fresh lemons. . Round 3: Chips and salsa, tandori chicken, baklava, prime rib. . Round 4: Alaskan crab legs (hey, don't judge, this stuff doesn't take up much tummy real estate :P). . I requested for hot tea at the end of the meal and it was Lipton, bleh.  But the wow factor came when they gave you a small jar of honey to go with your tea.  . . Although I came in already stuffed from another buffet, I can absolutely tell that the food was really good.  The selection was abundant and I think I would come back for more next time I come to Vegas.
This buffet is located in the Planet Hollywood casino, I think if I was a kid I would def love to eat at this buffet, they have cotton candy and a good variety of desserts/cupcakes as well.  Please remember to show your Total Rewards card since they do have a discount for cardholders.. . I tried the dinner buffet here on a Saturday, the wait time was about 10 minutes, which was surprising, the food selection and variety here was outstanding in my opinion, they have about six or more sections of food (Seafood, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Asian, Italian, and American). . The middle eastern and american sections of food were the favorites for this trip.  The shrimp, lamb, crab legs, and dessert selections were very good as well.  There is also a prime rib and turkey carving station, the mashed potatoes were very good. The service was great, our server checked on us numerous times to fill drinks and remove our plates when we were finished.  I'm sure this varies depending on what time or day you visit, I've some to expect most buffets in Vegas can be hit or miss on service, etc so don't hold it against the employees since they are trying their best to keep up.  I will definitely have to try this buffet again on my next trip to Vegas.
selection is good. service is OK. quality isn't the best. but dessert station is amazing! so many different types of cupcakes and cotton candy!. . not my favorite, but not terrible either.
I have to say I was completely impressed with this buffet. We actually stayed at Planet Hollywood Hotel and this buffet is right in the hotel. My advice is to avoid going around typical meal times because the line can get outrageous, but we went to breakfast at about 10, lunch around 2:30 and dinner at around 8 and there was practically no line or wait at any of these times. The selection is good, there is a Mexican, Seafood, Italian, Middle Eastern, Asian, American, and Soup/Salad section for dinner. If you go to the brunch you get free champagne! Make sure if you go you do the buffet for buffet so you can eat for 24 hours for one price. We went for dinner on  our second to last day there, and then on our last day we were able to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner. The staff was also very friendly and each waiter/waitress was very attentive when it came to asking if we were OK and if we needed more drinks which was surprising for such a busy buffet. If you like crab legs you definately need to check out Spice Market Buffet because they havecrab legs already cracked open for you and you can just keep piling your plate with them (if you're like me). It's quite dangerous, in a good way though lol.
I was staying at PH so the spice market buffet was really convenient to go to. Right next to the pleasure pit ;) We headed there to find that there was literally no line. Random Friday night on a slow weekend, so we lucked out. We tried coming back two days later and faced a 45-60 minute wait!. . This buffet has several, regional/cuisine themed stations. There was mid-eastern, italian, asian, mexican, american, seafood, and desserts. There were also soup/salad mini stations on both ends of the buffet. The asian section I barely touched because the sushi did not look appetizing at all and there were only 4-5 sad looking chinese items. The mexican food station was pretty much a taco/nacho bar, but still had some good stuff. The italian section had some tasty lasagna and mushroom pasta. The mid-eastern section had some mediterranean food (pita, hummus, dolma, etc.) and some kebabs (a bit overcooked). Standard meat carving station and seafood spread. I reallyliked the sole wrapped crab item. The There was a huge selection of breads and desserts. Their dessert station was ridiculous. So many different types of pastries, cakes, tarts, huge selection of cupcakes, cotton candy, and a crepe station. The crepes were pre-made, but still very tasty. . . Overall great selection and I would definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
A very solid buffet inside the PH. All the food was above average in quality and they a had a ton of food stations for different cuisines around the world. The dining area was very nice and spacious with flat screen tv's all around to enjoy sporting events. The dessert section was lacking though, almost completely dominated with dry cupcakes. The price point is a little pricey, but you get a bit better quality too in all aspects of course.
One of my top choices for buffets in Las Vegas - and I have tried almost all of them. Spice Market Buffet offers a great variety of great tasting food for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. If you want to save some money print out the $5 coupon from http://www.destinationcoupons.com/nevada/las_vegas/spice-market-buffet/spice-market-buffet-coupons.asp - I've used it on several occasions and it's always worked. Make sure to show your Total Rewards Card if you joined the casino to save even more. . . At breakfast they have traditional favorites like pancakes, waffles, french toast, scrambled eggs, salmon and lox with bagels, oatmeal and fruit, etc. Some nice additions are eggs benedict - you won't find this at every buffet breakfast, and an omelet station. For lunch/dinner they have prime rib, turkey, salads, mexican food, Mediterranean food, seafood including crab legs, paella and cocktail shrimp, asian cuisine, and italian including pastas and fresh from the oven pizzas. And of course they have desserts - notably, made to order crepes, cotton candy and soft serve custard. . . I think this buffet is a good buy for your money - there aren't a lot of "exotic" foods that you would find at buffets like the Wynn or Caesars - however, the selection is delicious and you can't go wrong.
Everything here is tasty, fresh and well prepared.  The variety is huge.  The deserts are excellent.  I have been coming here since before the Aladdin became PH.  If it weren't for the new generation of buffets, this would be the best in Vegas.  They have a little bit of everything in a cuisine type segregated format.(mexican food is all together, asian is all together).  You can't go wrong here.
Huge variety of food, better than le village buffet. My friend and I went to each section of the buffet and got a small portion on what looks good. The kung pao chicken in the Asian Section tasted like general tso chicken.. Two thumbs up for a huge variety of cupcakes. They have flavors such as s'mores, mint chocolate chip, red velvet etc.. They had so many different flavors that I can't even remember them all.  I will defiantly come back here for more next time I'm in Vegas.
Seeing as I gave the sneak preview in my PH review here is the more detailed version.. . Spice Market to me is the most interesting concept buffet I've seen. Being a foodie with access to some of the best buffet's outside of Vegas I hold the restaurant  type in high regard. There is quality and quantity and good amounts of both reside here. You can really only eat American or non ethnic foods for so long before getting absolutely bored and living, working and growing up in highly diverse communities I found a passion for flavors of the world. This is something that Vegas has failed to understand with the standard buffets at other casino's. Sure they have everything you'd expect from sausage, prime rib, crab legs, shrimp, pasta, burgers, etc, but they also have KBBQ, cous cous, vegetarian dishes besides vegetables, kabobs, spring rolls, pad thai, carne asada, lamb gyro. The deserts could be better, but honestly I think they just need to be more hip. Offer some cake pop's, some bread pudding and not just brownies and sundae's and chocolate fountains. The desert game isuncharted territory for them and usually only the big boys can really diversify into that level. Service is excellent and the price is marginally higher than comparable standard buffets at other casino's.. . It basically is a multi ethnic food court stacked on top of a Vegas buffet. Lets face it the demographics speak for themselves in the people who come here and the people who live there and work there. Expose yourself to some culture, come eat here. It will remind you more of home when you've been in Vegas too long.. . The bad thing is that I eat buffets pretty often so stuffing my face while out here is a flaw I've fixed. I've explored off the strip and found some gems, but if taking a 10 minute taxi isn't your thing and you want to stay within your casino/hotel this is a fine establishment.
this buffet has always been one of my favorites especially because of the crab legs being already cracked and ready to go, but the last time we were there, they did away with the really excellent choices for dessert at dinner and offered a whole display of different flavored cupcakes and cheap machine frozen yogurt, whats up with that. that really soured me on the whole experience, thats a really cheap way to end an otherwise really good buffet. very disappointing. it could make the difference as to whether we'll go back.
Great buffet of the 24 hr deal w/o up charge. Gets crowded, but good for a buffet.
Best buffet we had while in Vegas, over Bacchanal (Caesar's), Paris, and Rio. Their food is of much higher quality than the other buffets and we loved the selection they had. This buffet, presentation wise, looks plainer than Bacchanal, and the selection is a little smaller, but the quality of food is much better. We would definitely go here again.
Definitely not as popular was other buffets. but the food is very good for almost no wait so I'd say it's worth it.
This is a really good buffet.  We stopped here when we were in Planet Hollywood as they gave us a discount voucher.  They have all the standard fare you would expect.  Once thing I noticed was that the quality seemed to be better than the other buffets, including Rio's World buffet.  . . Service was also good, as the server came around often to take care of our drinks.  Make sure to get the discount coupons that they pass out, or for getting their new player card.  It's a good deal.. . We were here for lunch, so I there wasn't a huge variety of exotic foods as I have read in other reviews.  I will be coming back in a few months and I'll be staying at Planet Hollywood, so I'll come back for round two.
All you can eat & All you can drankkkkkk~. Bought a Groupon here for dinner for 2 for $45 and I think it was well worth it! . When we came at 8:30 on a Monday night there was a little line but it moved fast.. we probably only waited like 15 minutes. After we were shown to our table we immediately headed for the seafood section! I filled my plate with crab legs, shrimp cocktail, crab stuffed fish and some slices of cheese. Those are the only things I ate at the buffet LOL no joke I literally had a repeat of the same plate 3x! HAHA They have both cold & hot crab legs everyday of the week! They are snow crab legs but they are already sliced down the middle to make it easier to eat. If the crab leg selection doesn't look that great just kindly ask the worker behind the counter to refill it! The shrimp were not that big but were already peeled and ready to go.   The fish was moist and stuffed with a tasty buttery crab stuffing! They had some interesting things that other buffets don't have like a whole section for middle eastern cuisine~ . Our server was really nice and after giving her a little tip and after she realized I drink a lot of wine, she just left the whole bottle with us LOL . . We left stuffed, happy & pretty buzzed! The regular price for the buffet is around $30/person.. I only think that is worth paying if you eat a lot crab legs and drink a lot of wine! . . HOT TIP: before you leave ask for an alcoholic drank to take with you~!!! more bang for your buck!
As usual, we arrive somewhere late at night and hit them at near closing. We got here at 10:57 pm and had three minutes to pay and 30 more minutes to get our plates before they packed it up. The couple behind us got turned away and she told them most buffets on the strip were now closed. I think there are a few open 24.. . My husband and son had been to Vegas last year for a car show and bought the wrist band that gives you access to more food than you need and putting that wrist band on is almost like accepting a challenge to make it pay big, so at least if you lose all your money in the casino, by God you will make it up on that wristband of 'all you can eat'. Challenge accepted. . . We did learn we could have shown our Harrah's card and gotten the wristbands for $44. We paid $55. Not sure why, but the next morning the woman told us they charge different prices at different times with no explanation, but with the Harrah's club card, its the cheapest. . . Now we REALLY wanted to make it pay. It is true you get sick of buffet food by the next day. My husband took us here because last time they were here, everyone said this IS the best buffet. Honestly, they really do all taste the same. . . We had one of the casino workers tell us she loved Harrah's hated Bally's. I was like really why? She said she didn't like walking so far between the stations. We ate at the Paris Buffet for lunch and Harrah's for dinner and a breakfast. . . Nothing off the charts, but still pretty good selection for the most part.
long wait, decent service - food is great!
We came here on a Tuesday afternoon for celebration lunch! We used the Lunch Groupon AYCE and AYCD for 2 for $36. . . - Smile! Our picture was taken before we sat. . - Common variety: Salad, Mexican, Soup, Mid-Eastern, Asian, American, Italian, Seafood, and Dessert.. - AYCD - unlimited Beer and Wine! Champagne Life Neyo! And all the ladies say, uh-huh! . - Get the strawberry crumb cupcake. delicious! . - They have cotton candy for the kids! haha. . - Poor sushi selection. No Crab legs. . - Come for the Mexican food, Salad, and American food. . - The drinks were most rewarding. Food was average. Not bad for $36 or $18/person for food and drinks! :)
Everything you could want from a buffet!
My hubby and I tried the 24 hour buffet pass last time we were in Vegas. It made sense for the prices on the strip. The selection was great. I'm a seafood lover so I pretty much pass everything else up. I loved the cocktail shrimp, the steamed crab legs, and the prime rib. My husband seemed to enjoy it too. The 24 hour AYCE pass was a great value. Probably not the best thing for our diet but that's what the gym is for!
LOVED THIS PLACE! My bf and I came here for brunch in March and got their mimosas. OMG. Their champagne was SOOO GOOD! My bf and I just wanted to buy the bottle but they couldn't do that! They servers were so friendly and nice when they came around and filled our glasses with more champagne as it got empty. . . Everything was so full of flavor. My bf loved the prime rib. It was tender and juicy. . . They have a super cute display of desserts. I just wanted to eat everything but my bf and I had the 24 hour deal of AYCE so we never wanted to fully stuff ourselves. We had a taste of everything and liked nearly everything. We were too scared to eat the mid-eastern stuff because we don't normally eat that and the Mexican selection looked sad so we didn't eat that either. . . Can't wait to go back for more of that champagne!
I found a groupon for $45 dollars online.. dinner buffet for two with unlimited alcohol! Who wouldn't go for that? The staff was very friendly and the server was great about refilling our alcoholic beverages seeing as how we were going through them so quickly. The streamed crab legs with butter we my favorite.. that and some wine I was good to go. The prime rib was delicious as well nice and juicy. I tried some of the pasta as well it was just ok but I wasn't there for that anyways. The main thing was my glass was always full even when they got busy my server was always taking care of me. The place is clean and there's a BIG selection. Look on Groupon to see if you can get the deal we found because originally without it the dinner would have cost us around $110. Check this place out, I will be returning when I come to Vegas. The cupcakes aren't the greatest but what do you expect when they sit out for a while. The crepe I had was pretty delicious though.
I love this place! Maybe it was the day I went on... It's comparable to the Rio buffet. They have many selections and it's always filled. I love it! You definitely get the most bang for your buck!. . To sum it up: cheaper, lots of variety, lots of types of ethnic foods, lots of desserts, always filled.. . If you plan on eating dinner, come a little earlier to avoid the lines.
With the groupon for 2/$45 with unlimited drinks (alcohol included), it was a fantastic way to say adios to Las Vegas. . . The food was fresh and hot and didn't look like it was sitting around for too long. Everything was pretty good quality, but I guess this might be because I made it to dinner just as it started. It's not comparable to the higher class buffets in Vegas, but for it's price range, I wouldn't expect it to be. . . The one complaint I had was the dessert station was all cupcakes. I wish there was more variety in the types of dessert offered (I can only eat so much cream cheese frosting, guys.). . . Overall, for less than $25 a person (with groupon), this expanded and better tasting Hometown Buffet is a great way to fill up one last time before passing out on the airplane.
I love this buffet for dinner, but getting in can be a pain. The front desk representatives are insanely slow in getting people in. The service was good. We will definitely return someday.
Groupon of 2 for $45 which is why the line took an hour and an additonal 15 to get seated. This left us 1.5 hours of eating buffet. I started at the Mediteranean and would have been fine just eating there. Fresh hummus, pita bread and thee most delicious kebabs I have had. Then I went to the seafood, had a pot of soup, crab legs (which were very meaty), shrimp and lobster mac. I proceeded to the asian section and had fried dumplings with spicy sauce and one egg roll. I polished off the night with some relatively dry cupcakes BUT the best was the crepes. Made to order, yummy and light.
I can't give this place 5 stars, because they don't do anything really well, but everything was good, and we really liked the set up with the separate international food stations.. . Maybe instead of trying to offer everything done good, they should offer fewer items, done awesome?. . The cupcake bar was fun with exotic sounding cupcakes, but the cupcakes were very ordinary.. . The sushi - mediocre (after 2 bites, I didn't want any more).  Too bad Yelp doesn't have 3 1/5 star option.
I'm not really pleased by buffets mostly because I control what and how much I eat. That being said my in-laws decided to eat at a buffet on New Year's Eve. I said what the heck why not let them enjoy because after all it is New Years Eve. . . I went in with an open mind and left with an opened mind. The line was not long, the staff was pleasant and of course there was plenty of food to choose from. It was and international buffet.   I was pleased as would recommend coming here.
I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are about.  The wait wasn't that long (probably 15 minutes) and we went a little before 6pm.  We ended up filling up on plates and plates of steamed snow crab legs and shrimp cocktails.  the steamed ones were so much better than the cold ones.. . Then I had enough room for a sliver of prime rib and candied sweet potato.  YUM.  We finally finished off the meal with a taste of 4 different cupcakes and a fruit tart.  I could have lost control and eaten it ALL.. . I agree that there were plates of things that just didn't make sense on why they were at a buffet (mashed potatos?  pasta?  corn muffins?) Why would you fill up on that nonsense?!  Their kabobs looked good, too but we just had no room in our bellies anymore.. . It's worth it if you get the groupon deal and pay $45 for 2 people.
We use the Spice Market Buffet sometimes for breakfast as we stay right across the street. On this occasion we were using the Buffet of Buffets pass and I didn't look to see how much Monday morning breakfast was, but what we like about Planet Hollywood's buffet is they have a nice breakfast selection.  I was on some crazy fresh fruit tear that morning, so I got lots of yummy fruit from berries to pineapple to cantaloupe.  I also dug into the oatmeal and there were all kinds of great toppings: craisins, almonds, granola, etc.  My husband had an Egg McMuffin on cheddar cheese steroids and said it was awesome.  And of course, we munched through the usual eggs and sausage and bacon items.  They have a nice bread bar with french toast, pancakes, and waffles with a selection of syrup and toppings as well as donuts.  I passed on my usual biscuits and gravy, but it was there and so were bagels with toppings like lox, tomatoes, cream cheese, etc. and a toast selection.  IN other words, Great breakfast selections.  . . Good food and good service.  I like that the bathroom is at the same location so you don't have to go traipsing all over the casino to find it.  We like it.  We'll probably be back.. . I did have one previous experience there at dinner and on that occasion the food was okay, but it didn't give me an urge to return for dinner.
Haven't eaten yet, been waiting in line for 1/2 hour with pre-paid ticket in hand. Yes, you read that correctly. Told to wait in line while the rest of our party is already seated and eating. I'm simply not this hungry. If someone else hadn't already paid, I'd be heading home. The snippy little beyatch at the counter couldn't even pretend to be nice when we asked why we have to continue to wait in line, even though we're paid. The line has not moved an inch the entire time I've been writing this - there is one, single person at the desk.. . Update: once you get past the ineffective, crabby folks at the front and wait through the ridiculous long lines, the service INSIDE is incredible. Try the lamb. Ask to sit in Yelena's section. She gave our party of 7 the best service I've experienced outside of a 5-star restaurant. She and the cracked crab legs saved them from a two-star rating, because the cashiers aren't doing them any favors.
I was surprised at how low the ratings are for this place. . . I came here one for breakfast in 2010 and fell in love so I had to come back this time. Breakfast was amazing. I loved everything, except french toast and pancakes but everything else was great. I left so full that I took a 4 hour long nap. . . I went there for dinner  3 nights later and it was good but not as great as breakfast. I give breakfast a 5 and dinner a 3.5. The crab legs were cold which made me sad. The steak for dinner and breakfast though were excellent. I ate so much breakfast steak. . . Breakfast was $22 and dinner was $36.
As of today, this is my favorite Vegas buffet.  We got the deal from Groupon; it was 50% off and since we were staying at Planet Hollywood it was worth the purchase.  . . I had the shrimp tempura, sliders, chorizo beans, carne asada, glazed chicken wings. All of these were delicious.  I know steamed rice is a simple item, but this is the best steamed rice I have ever had.  They are individually packed in a small Chinese to go box. Smells great and tastes great too.  Their chicken & biscuit in a basket looked cute, but the biscuit was hard and dry. The chicken was juicy, tender and fresh. . . For dessert I had the apple crepe, which is made to order.  The crepe itself is pre-made, but the chef put butter in the pan and warmed up the crepe and put apples in it.  The whipped cream was delicious too.  I also had the Baklava, which was excellent.
One of the best buffet on the strip for the money that you paid for,  good selection of foods.  I love their service when your platinum guest
Reasonable prices. Good food. I liked all the different selections of food. Out waiter was really nice and friendly.
Very friendly staff. Good selection of food, not quite as much as the world buffet at the Rio, but good selection. The Mediterranean was high-quality and tasted great. Nice choice of desserts. Love the all-you-can-drink alcohol including premium beers!
Champagne brunch was a bit pricey, but I think we got our money's worth. We did wait in line for a little bit maybe 20-30 minutes. . . Not the best buffet ever, but good and cheaper than Wynn, Caesar's, etc, plus we were staying at PH. I preferred the American food over the more exotic choices. The yukon gold mashed potatoes were amazing!!! The prime rib was the best buffet prime rib I've ever had. Waffles were fantastic, chili very good, shrimp tempura good, and a fine selection of desserts. Made to order crepes, yum!. . Our server was fabulous! She kept our glasses full of mimosas and was very sweet and attentive!!
