Forget Bouchon or Sinatra.. the first place we wanted to revisit to on our second trip to Vegas was the Peppermill.. . It's not how surprisingly great the food is, the totally vintage and tacky decor, or the fact that it's open 24 hours. . . It's that awesome fireside lounge. If it's not busy you can get a seat right infront of the fire. If not, it's not so bad either, you can curl up on the couches and watch random music videos while nursing a bloody mary all night.. . In the restaurant, the girls are dressed like Hooters girls, in the lounge they're dressed like prom queens in full on gowns. With that said, the lounge is NOT fancy, it's just a cool place to drink and be comfortable.. . Again, still love the Peppermill and I'll probably come back here every time I visit Vegas.
Me and my friend were staying at the Riviera hotel which is very close to the Peppermill Restaurant.  We got in around 1:00am and were starving for food.  We ordered long islands which were so good! We both ordered a meal with omelets and they were amazing! You get plenty of food and the wait staff was very nice.. . There is a lounge inside and we did check out after a night out at Tao.  If your close def stop by this place!
We wandered out of the glaring sunlight and retreated to the cavernous wonder that is the Fireside Lounge.  This is the home of fire leaping up out of bubbling water that gently cycles through the color spectrum, surrounded by plush purple couches, and music videos of live performances that span the generations (The Beach Boys, Paul Simon, Aretha, Hall and Oats, Coldplay, you get the idea).  There is plastic bougainvillea everywhere, creating little oases of privacy, despite the mirrored ceilings.  Purple, pink, and turquoise lights add to the "ambiance."  Nothing about this place is real.  It's Vegas, after all.  Get out of the hot Vegas sun and soak up some fireside kitsch.  This is the Vegas your parents remember.  And it's awesome.
HUGE PORTIONS! . . Came here for lunch with my employers while I was attending a Seminar at the Hilton which is close-by. We came in and was seated promptly. Our waitress always had a smile and was quite the busy bee going from table to table. Impressive. . . I ordered a cheeseburger with fries. Markus and Miyoko ordered salads. When the salads came.. it really looked like 3 salads combined into one serving. Miyoko ordered the steak and mushroom salad that looked tasty.. Markus's salad was the same size but had an array of fruit on it. All of us were shocked of how big the portions were. I ordered my cheeseburger well done.. but it came back a bit burnt. I still ate it, but was a bit sad that it had been charred. . . All in all a good place to grab food. Especially since I heard the Riviera had crappy food joints to eat at. Would I eat here again? Only if I were in the general vicinity of the area. Its good to be back home in SF.
Great food and 10 times better than a buffet
This is a regular stop at least a couple times every visit. The menu is huge almost tonight but it provides something for everyone and it's still quality food. Along with the quality you get a old Vegas feel inside the restaurant with it's very neat decore.
bubbling fire pit + peanuts + fake ivy + disorienting neon + lots of flat screens + random music videos + big red couches + mirrors + cocktail waitresses in weird long black polyester skirts + good drinks + random old couples making out in a corner = 4 stars.
I didn't get a chance to go into the lounge but the restaurant had an eclectic mix of people.  Families, couples, party people, tourists..... We will definitely go back!  Food was very good!. I had the reuben and my boyfriend had the bacon cheeseburger.  We both enjoyed both, except I think I liked his a little more.  I'll definitely get some kind of breakfast next time or a burger.. We also had plans to get a sundae after dinner but the portions were so large we were too full, so maybe next time.
Outstanding atmosphere in the fireplace room and some heat food at decent prices.  My girlfriend and I heard about the size of the plates there, so we decided to only order 1 plate and it was well worth it.  Also while there we had a bloody Mary drink, it was just "okay" as it wasn't very spicy and didn't have a lot of alcohol in it, but the flavor of the tomato juice plus the garnishes made it more tolerable.
I've heard about this place through a friend that this was the place to go for breakfast, other then the fact that this is the place to go for an incredible atmosphere.. . The waitress did get a little bothered that chose a booth and vented to the hostess a little. I just chalked it up to "Vegas Kitch" then I sat myself at the counter after I mentioned my little dilemma.. . The bar is full of personality from both the patrons and waitresses... very friendly. the menu is extensive and the food is delicious. Definitely looking forward to eating here again.
Imagine partying and being out all night in "The Vegas," fueled up on adrenaline, eight shots of Gray Goose, six Red Bulls, four lines of nose candy, and maybe two hits off of a gravity bong. In other words, you're freakin' wasted. . . Your world is starting to spin and you need some food to keep functioning (and to ensure you don't puke or OD). You stumble into a Denny's and you are blown away by weird neon colors, friendly service, and good food at great prices featuring out of this world portions. You are so amazed by the experience you feel you as if you are dreaming, high, or both.. . Well, the paragraph above pretty much describes my recent experience(s) at the Peppermill, except that I was not on a Charlie Sheen style bender. Even stone cold sober and pissing holy water, I was amazed by the food, service, and of course, the neon colored look and feel of the place.. . After a long day of traveling and working, I came here for dinner and had a delicious half pound burger with grilled mushrooms, Swiss cheese, crispy bacon, fresh produce featuring onions, lettuce, tomatoes, and a delicious dill pickle that Snookie would salivate over. With my entree, I was given the option of a side of fries, curly fries, or onion rings. I opted for the hot and crispy curly fries. And when I say side, I mean a 2,500 calorie mountain.. . It was a quality meal and well priced ($16 including tip), considering it was more than enough for two people or maybe even three. But of course, being a nasty pig, I devoured the entire burger and ate as many curly fries as a I could until I felt there was a pimple forming at the end of my nose. . . I was so impressed by the meal and the service, I let my impressive server (who was in training at the time and being shadowed by another server), that I would be back the following day. As I wasn't pulling a Charlie Sheen, the next day I kept my word and returned with my coworker. Word is bond, yo.. . This time around, I had a chicken focaccia sandwich filled with thick slices of avocado, prosciutto, provolone cheese, all served a side of Balsamic vinaigrette. The sandwich was delicious. This time around I opted for some tasty onion rings that gave me enough grease on my face to start a fire, a small pimple, and a pair of busted slacks. Whatever. I like being fat. No, really. I swear.. . In the end, this has become one of my new favorite places to eat in "The Vegas," even if the food makes my face look young (greasy and pimply) and body look old (round and fat). Good food and good times, even without a Charlie Sheen recipe for disaster.
The Peppermill is a guilty pleasure as is the adjoining Fireside lounge. This is a great last stop of the night because it is so over the top, datedly bad, that it transcends into amazing. . .  You will not crave the food here, but it will not disappoint you either. The portions are HUGE as are the drinks and the scene inside is like Starsky ditched Hutch and went into business with Huggy Bear....in 1987.
I really like this place, its my go to spot for that transition from hang over into semi sobriety when I cruisin the streets o' Vegas. It really is decorated weird, with purple and pink neon lights everywhere... and trees, wtf? I dunno, they have two shifts of servers... the B team should be the C team, and the A team should be my girlfriend! ;-) . Their food? Ok taste, HUGE portions. I always get omelette's, they never disappoint.  . Their service? Friendly, fast, and they dont harass you if youre just hanging out talking after your food is gone.  And depending on the shift, the servers are seriously gorgeous.. Their prices? cheap, for vegas, but everything is relative, if this place was in tucson with these prices I'd probably burn it down, but for vegas, cheap ;-). The only alcohol I've ever drank here is Bloody Mary's, extra spicy, 100% delicious!. Cheers-.  dRe'
good place go get some grub after a night in vegas
Large portions. Easy Parking. Great place to meet up after hours for breakfast. The bar with the bubbling fire pit is a great place to relax.
This place is old school vegas at its best and I love it!! The drinks are good and reasonable. The decor is something to be experienced. I swear they change the trees everytime I go in. My group had a nice little corner seat. It was a great spot.. . The waitreses are something to see as well. They wear long cocktail dresses and have big hair and show lot of..um...well, you get the picture. Everytime we ordered drinks, our waitress would sit down on the ottoman. Probably because she was in heals all day, but none of the men or women in my group complained.
Do not come here if you are only "a little hungry". They make 7 egg omelets folks. The fruit salads are worthy enough to fit on Carmen Meranda's hat. The sugar dispenser have colored sugar. there is just the right amount of neon and fake trees. Most of the servers seem to be from the former eastern block countries and I am very happy that the wall came down. Hubba Hubba.. If you are over 21, I highly recommend the lounge. dimly lit. benches surrounded by fountains with gas fire in the middle of the water and classy swank cocktail waitresses, dressed in long black dresses, sits down next to you in to take your order. It is a nod to the old Vegas. If you are on the town, this is a great place to wind down an evening with good friends.
All i have to say is this place is - Grrrrreat ! Very relaxing lounge and good place to eat after midnight .
broccoli and egg omelet was delicious! i think it cost 12.00 so it was reasonable. the waiter brought out delicious glasses of tap water to go with it!. . hash browns were acceptable./ nothing to brag about. wheat toast was standard. . this place exceeded my expectations for 3:00 a.m. on a saturday morning in vegas. no wait to be seated and plenty of tables. lots of staff working too. . i would go back.
Yay! I'm a fan of @PeppermillVegas .  Cool local flavor up in this joint.. . This is a great example of local flavor as well as what happens when you take a diner and rub some funk on it.. . I recommend the pastrami burger, although it is a 1/2 pound of beef, a little more than I go for but it was delicious and I will likely return for another go 'round when I'm in Vegas again.. . The service was very good...almost too good, but not quite.
Great service, best appetizers & fancy drinks. Open 24/7 and the firepit is amazing! This is Vegas, classic style.
Big portions, good service, good food!!!!
The PepperMill of Vegas is a place I was referred to on my way out from a work friend. . . His quote...."You can do a lot of #@%$ in Vegas, but you have to try Peppermill". I'm thinking this guy is stoned or something... with all the buffets and food in Vegas, I'm going to wander down to a little diner? . . HELL YES!!! . PepperMill looks like no other when you walk in and the food is awesome. The portions are huge as you can see from the pics people have added. It's nicely set up and perfect for a meal at any time or the day or night... . . Again, HUGE portions... and it's not crappy either... All is good tasting. If you go in really later, you'll see this place is hoping. The waitresses are all very friendly and offer advice to the new Vegas traveler. . . Add it to your sight-see's of Vegas... I'll be back in 2 weeks and will make it my first stop! (this place sits just North of the Riviera hotel...)
We came here to seek shelter from the overpriced-over the top vegas strip!  The Peppermill is truly a nice oasis.  Great decor, indoor trees, friendly staff,  and affordable meals makes this place stand out.  Being just north of the now main drag of Las Vegas Boulevard, its definitley within striking distance and easy to get to.  Most dishes here are under $15 and the portion size are good.  The fact that its open 24 hours immediately made this place one of my favorite places on the strip.  I got the sampler which is quite similar to the Denny's sampler but tasty!  Chicken strips, mozzarella sticks, onion rings....yup, its a diet nightmare.  The onion rings were quite notable.  The crowd is also a mixed bag of locals, tourists and vegas characters.  Highly recommend this place when you are tired of blowing your cash on the strip!
Love the retro decor!   Love the fireplace and neon lights. The sliders were delicious, and the cocktail I ordered was very good.  Was hoping for more reasonable prices, but totally enjoyed the visit!
The ambiance alone for this restaurant is a total win. Located near the more classic parts off the strip like Circus Circus and the late Stardust. The waitresses and cocktail waitress are dressed up in true diner style. The menu had a wide variety of food and from the things that my party ordered, all of it was delicious. The mushroom dish that came with the steak was phenomenal. . . The Peppermill also has incredibly large portions for the price you pay. If you ask for a side of fries, its in a huge bowl instead of a small plate. Although I did not drink any other their drinks they had a huge drink menu that looked great and all of them came with a scoop of real ice cream. I will have to try it the next time.
**this is a review of the fireside lounge**. Giant pink chick drinks with 6 shots and ice cream for $18 ummmm 2 please!! Known for their Scorpion which is kinda like a Mai Tai or for people in the Northwest it is the desert version of the De-railer.  Oh man too bad this is a little north on the strip because this would be my go-to prefunk drink when I am hitting the strip but at least an option for nights at the Wynn or Venetian.  The funny thing is that Rhumbar at Mirage sells Scorpions for $46!! . The place itself is pretty cool with the fireplace and big comfy chairs with 80's and 90's music videos playing. I did not have any food but they have free peanuts on the table. It is a little small and be careful not to leave the place driving because it is swarming with cops.
Fireside Lounge is awesome. We sat by the fire and shared the Scorpion with ice cream. Alright maybe a bit a girlie but I can see why this was rated one of the best make out bars in Vegas. We were here for about 10 minutes before we gave in and had to snuggle the night away.
Oh yeah - now we are talking....so after a long night that had involved many of the seven sins, including gluttony, we came here at oh-dark-thirty to round off the night, as we needed some more food and drink to keep us going.. . Great service, great food, great fun place where it seemed like everyone had the night we had and were starting the process of recovery.. . I would give ti 5 starts except I had a breakfast item whose description ran to about three paragraphs - maybe it had Joe, or Francisco or something like that in the name, and I just felt i had to have an item that had a two word name and a two paragraph description on the menu.. . Let me rewrite the description for them : " This looks and tastes like deep fried vomit.". . It was truly excrable but it did not turn me off this great place.
Whenever we visit Las Vegas we make it a point to eat at the Peppermill at least once.  Love the low celing with the neon interior, the horseshoe shapped booths, the fake(?) tree inside, breakfast 24 hours a day...  I've only ever ordered breakfast here - in the morning, afternoon and late at night - it always pleases me.
Everyone has already said it all.  Solid but unmemorable diner food, in a place that is divinely Vegas.. . It's a must-see.  Ambience is 6 stars.. . The rest doesn't matter much.  It's edible.  You won't get food poisoning.  Good drunk food alternative to Denny's.  Worth the trip even if it's out of the way.
Try feta cheese & vegetable or asparagus omelet here.  The hash browns are crispy and one of the best I've tasted. Fast service, people watching late night is entertaining, be sure to check out the lounge. It's a Vegas experience worth checking out if you are visiting town. I recommend.
Very good but a little pricey though. The fire in the bar area is very cool though. The food is good. Very nice place
There were three of us for dinner (after getting snubbed at Phil's Italian Steakhouse inside Treasure Island).. . The restaurant side was bright and fun. As we were three big guys, we ate at the cafe` bar. We didn't want to try squeezing into a booth. The server was friendly, fun, and knowledgeable about all the food. She even brought out one of the cooks to answer a question from the 'caveman diva' of our group (no, that was not me). . . My NY strip steak was really good. The shrimp scampi was okay (which is the reason they didn't get five stars). The meatball soup was great! Probably because it tasted very similar to the version I make at home. The other two people in my group also thought the food was good...including the caveman. The menu selection is huge! As much as I wanted dessert, I declined as I was stuffed.. . We ate on the restaurant side and I plan to go back to visit the lounge side. . . I would definitely come back here again!
The peppermill in Las Vegas is a great place for any meal.  Its portions are a little huge.
The food is always reliable. I have been eating here for years. It can be a little pricey but if you know what you want to get you can save $$$. Massive portions here. I had the gyro sandwich with onion rings. Two pitas with gyro meat, tzatiki sauce and pico de gallo (tomatoes and onions). The onion rings are huge and tasty. My wife and daughter shared a Mud Pie was also enormous.
Today I went here for the first time since I was like.....7? . . I wonder, who ate the 70's and threw it all up in here? Fake trees, a lounge with a fire pit, pink and blue neon on the ceiling, red neon beneath the seats, tropically decorated menus.....it all reeks of a movie set for a porno from 1975. AWESOME.. . Okay, now I was broke. I happened to be here with friends and all I could afford was a drink. I must say though, those breakfast plates looked rather delicious. Service was rather slow however.. . I barely remember being here in my childhood, but after being all "eh, whatever" about it for years now I must go again. The unique tackiness of this place is so charming.
Wasn't my first choice, just became the most convenient option before beginning the long drive home.. . Have to admit, I was quite pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.  We had 2 sandwiches and both were huge portions (if anyone knows me, they know if I say they are huge...they are) and delicious.  we had a hot pastrami sandwich and a french dip with straight horseradish.  Home made onion rings and a delicious red potato salad completed the meal....wasn't exactly ready for a 5 hour drive after we finished...a nap would have been preferred...but i was due at work in 6 hours haha. . Service was friendly and efficient refilling my coffee about a zillion times in preparation for the drive
Well, when you ask anyone native of the area where to get a good breakfast outside of all the casinos in Vegas EVERYONE says The Peppermill. Tacky 50's diner feel with a 70's disco themed decor it's lemme say.....quite "interesting to the eye" (haha).  Anyways despite the shocking decor upon walking in we were kindly greeted and taken to our booth. We were promptly brought waters and menu's. I ordered the egg white veggie omelette. It was great, the eggs were fluffy the veggies were sauteed and it wasn't greasy at all! As if the omelette wasn't enough it also came with homefries, fresh fruit and toast. My friends all ordered some different variations of omelettes all which looked great and they said tasted even better. All in all experience was good, food reliable, and servers were all very nice and helpful when asking them questions about different things to do around the city.
Tickety Tacky in only the best way possible.  I actually really like this place.  The neon lights reminds me of my mothers make up in the 90's.. . Nick the waiter was a sweetheart.  I am ridiculous in my requests sometimes, but he managed to cater to all of them.. . The portions are huge!   My steak and spinach salad was delicious!  The steak was tender and medium rare just as I requested.  I asked for candied walnuts in it and Nick brought me a bowl of them!  That's what I call service.. . Late night eats in Vegas!  I'll definitely be back!
Heard about this place from watching a show discussing Vegas & it's "happening" places.  Penn Jillette ( of Penn & Teller fame ( is a huge fan of this place.  So much so he has a booth & table ( I think he may of had it custom made ) in his personal kitchen.. . It's a busy place...tourists, locals, celebs, EVERYONE!  It's on the strip, within walking distance from allot of the hotels etc.  Definately a must is you want to experience what I call "an more upscale dive".
Ate in the lounge where you can only order appetizers. All I can say is that if the abundance of an appetizer is that large that I can imagine eating a full meal. Took some friends from out of town and sat by the fireside and orders sliders- didn't care for the cole slaw, wings were wonderful and good size and small nachos. The nachos had that cheese that doesn't melt and was the only reason why I couldn't give 5 stars. The atmosphere is very relaxing and the servers were very knowledgable.
If you haven't been here, I recommend trying it at least once.  It's open 24 hours.  Everything on the menu is always available (late night menus not required).. . The decor is a fusion between tropical theme and strip club.  The inside has a lot of tropical ambiance, but it is kept quite dark, with neon lights throughout.  The female waitresses are dressed in short shorts, but fully clothed on top.  It is not risque at all, so don't worry about bringing the kids (you shouldn't bring your kids to Vegas in the first place...please leave them at home, you are ruining my vacation!!!), but it's a nice sight for guys. . . I've mostly been here for breakfast, so I'm not sure about the lunches and dinners, but all of the breakfast items that I've tried have been very good.  My particular favorite is Munch's Breakfast.. . The Fireside Lounge is a bar that is adjacent.  I believe it is a full bar.  Usually a cocktail waitress walks around the restaurant to take bar orders.. . Peppermill is on the pricey side, but portions are very, very large to help make up for it.  2 people can definitely share one meal and both get full.. . This is a place I like and go to it every time I'm in LV.  It may not be for everyone, but I think everybody should try it once.. . Oh yeah, I almost forgot...their coffee sucks!
Well worth it!. . When we called to make reservations for our large group (10+) for lunch on Father's Day the receptionist let us know that even though they Didn't do reservations, you could still call ahead and get put on the waiting list before you arrived.. . The wait was supposed to be 30 minutes, so we called ahead about 30 minutes before we were to arrive. But it took an Additional 30 minutes for them to ready our tables we we got there. Upon asking about the delay about 15 minutes in, they let us know that 1 table had been cleared but they were waiting on a second due to our group size. Understandable.. . However, this wasn't wasted time since we all crowded into their beautiful Fireside Lounge for drinks.. . What to choose?. . After reading fellow Yelper reviews, I was focused on trying two things:. 1. The Scorpion 2. The Chicken Fried Steak. . The Scorpion was a massive reddish-orange-pink monster. It created an instant buzz: What the heck is that? Can I try that? The double-length foursome of straws were like something out of "A Christmas Story." All I could hear repeated in the back of my head was "You're gonna poke your eye out!" Instant Photo Opportunity. Being Las Vegas we were able to transport it (slowly) from the Fireside Lounge to the Restaurant area for our meal.. . Good sweet Mai Tai flavor. You couldn't taste the alcohol.. . P.S. The server let us know that you can keep the Scorpion's cup (Known as a "Fishbowl") as a memento for an additional five dollars.. . Time to do some eating!. . Portions were very large. Great for sharing.. . The Southern Chicken-Fried Steak was amazing. Well-breaded. So flavorful. Meaty. Crispy. The kind of food you add to your "crave" list. 5/5. . The over-easy eggs were fluffy and delightful. 4/5. . The hash browns were a disappointment. Kind of soft and mushy. Next time (and there will DEFINITELY be a next time) I will have to ask for them extra-crispy. 2/5. . The "Can I try a bite of that? Oooh Yum!" List: Their Eggs Benedict 4/5 and also their Pancakes 4/5. I probably would have asked for more samples if I wasn't so happily focused on my Chicken-Fried Steak.. . Kind of difficult to get a server since it was so crazy-busy for the holiday. Servers were very nice and attentive once you flagged one down.. . This is now one of my must-eat Las Vegas destinations. Yum.. . Sincerely, Michael
If you crave an old school Vegas vibe, this is your place. The Peppermill Lounge is a LV institution, and has been for over 30 years. Used as a backdrop for movies and TV shows about Vegas, past and present, every time you go in, you'd swear you were back in Vegas, circa 1972.. .  Dark, with cool, deeply sectioned off booth/tables, HUGE, great,  girly cocktails with 2 foot straws, cool music, neon backdrops, friendly waitresses with big boobs and even bigger hair, huge, freshly prepared apps that taste phenomenal, especially at 2 am, the Peppermill has it all. It's the ultimate cool, nightlife vibe sans the crazy Strip Tourists and the annoying energy that they always bring. You know, the energy  that screams... "I'm 21.. in town for the weekend from Cali , and I'm going to Pure!."  You get the drift. . . This is a place that locals haunt.  And if you are an out of towner and just happen to be here, then that's probably because some kind hearted  local took pity on you and told you about it. . So enjoy. Just don't tell any other tourists about it. We thank you.
This is a throw-back for sure; but you couldn't ask for a better place just to hang out and chill.. . I have enjoyed this place both times I have been now including most recently when I was there solo.. . The bartenders are efficient and friendly as is the wait staff.  The drinks are well made and the food (I had the chicken quesadillas on my recent visit.) is  really good.. . The fire pit at Fireside is pretty cool as are the comfy, curved bench/couch seating (with pillows).  It's a place you can really kick back and enjoy your evening.  You can just kick back relax, chill, and bask in the neon glow that is Fireside.. . It is certainly a favorite stand-by to drop in every time I come into town now.
The Peppermill is one of my favorite eateries in Las Vegas. The funky decor adds to the vibe of being in LV. It has the feel of the old school "Rat Pack" days rather than the typical Strip bigger is better style. We typically stop there for our first meal after the long drive from Orange County, or else just before we hit the road on the way out of town.
Can't believe I didn't know about this place until I saw it on a reality show! The wait is long but well worth it! Big portions of delicious food! Next time in Vegas you will find me here for sure!
If you have ever gone to Encounters at LAX, you will instantly get a similar vibe with this place.  It has a retro-look with neon lighting and faux cherry blossoms (if you ever go, you'll know what I mean).. . A bit of advice if you intend to eat at Peppermill... come hungry.  It's fairly expensive for a diner-like restaurant, but it makes up for it in its ridiculously huge portions for most of its dishes.  I have never seen so many people have to request take-out boxes before.. . I ordered a philly cheesesteak (since I wasn't actually all that hungry), which was good, but nothing too special.  My parents ordered a beef kabob (which was pretty tasty) and a walnut creek salad (which had a pesto dressing that just didn't agree with me).
Great place if you wanna feel like you stepped back into the 70s, or so my husband says. Really romantic place to have a drink. Definitely worth the visit if having fun in Vegas!
As a restaurant this is a three star place, but considering the history of the Peppermill, the unique old Vegas ambiance, and because this really is a diner, I went with 4 stars. For a diner, the food is pretty good. Just remember, this is not the Bellagio. This is about the nicest diner food I think I have had. Portions were huge, prices were reasonable, and there is quite a wide variety of foods to try. Chicken was kind of tough, but that is somewhat expected of a diner.. . I think a visit is in order simply to support a piece of vegas history. However, after you visit you might not be surprised why Vegas has redecorated since the Peppermill first opened.
Interesting place on the strip! I was surprised at how clean it was! We went for Sunday morning breakfast and really enjoyed it! The eggs are nice and fluffy and the homefries are awesome! Juicy blueberry muffin, unlike no other in Vegas! Must try if you live in town or just visiting!
The Peppermill is a must for a hangover breakfast or late night in Vegas. It is truly a Las Vegas landmark. I have been several times, but this most recent trip this past Sunday morning was great as usual. I have tried both the Marco Pollo omelet and the Peppermill omelet. Both were great. The highlight of this last trip to the Peppermill for me was the purchase of the rainbow turbinado sugar and sugar dispenser. I was asking the waitress about it when she informed me that I could purchase it! I WAS THRILLED! I got a 5 lb. bag of it complete with the dispenser. Best impulse purchase ever. The Fireside Lounge is also great to grab a drink while you wait for a table. The Peppermill is ALWAYS packed. Mimosas from the Fireside Lounge are on point! Must do.
Love coming here in Vegas for some late night eats.
Now that I have found you my lovely Peppermill... I will always visit when I'm in town!. One of the remaining vintage vegas landmarks, so please help this stay alive! We all know how much this town enjoy's getting rid of places. At first when you walk in the neon is confusing... strip club? restaurant? family friendly? bar? . I agree with most, the atmosphere is instantly fun, and because they add the extra bonus of taking group photos of your table (for free), that makes it better. The food is all american, diner, and easily shareable, and affordable! Great for all ages, and big or small groups.. The lounge has several alcove booths as well as a hot tub looking fire pit at the entrance!
Good food(huge portions) with decent service, but expect a long wait during breakfast/lunch hours.
Good classic old school diner.. nice big portions and the food was fresh. The restaurant had a nice style to it not to busy for being in Vegas on a Saturday morning.
If you are in Vegas, you need to visit this place just because it's quirky. One foot in the door you flashback to the 70's. Neon lighting, faux vines hanging from the ceiling and Tiffany lamps at each booth. Who came up with this concept? Entertaining. The food portions are huge and you could easily split the order. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Visit the bar once you're done with your meal. It's worth a visit. Sit by fireplace. You'll be glad you did. I had a Bloody Mary. It was damn good! The great thing about the Peppermill...it's open 24 hours.
Met up with some friends here the last time I was in Vegas. It was the perfect meeting place prior to a night of drinking and debauchery. . . We had a very large group (20+) and the servers were patient with all of us. Ordered the Country Fried Steak breakfast. Portions were huge. I got a generous helping of hash browns along with egg whites. Two huge pieces of country fried steak with sausage gravy all over. The sausage gravy actually had a generous amount of sausage pieces in it. Drinks here are made strong and do not disappoint. . . The look and feel of the place just screams cheesy. Reminds you of the days of old Vegas with the neon everywhere. It is nice to see that not everything has changed. . . If you are not in the mood for a buffet or a high end restaurant, this is the place to go. Me and my friends came here before a night of debauchery but you could also go here to recover as well.
Who doesn't go to The Peppermill when they are in Las Vegas?? I've had many happy times here. Falling asleep on the table while waiting for my breakfast.. lol . My friend from Vegas always set out this place as a meeting place. :-) . Good chance for me to grab the TEN EGGS OMELET! Heeeeheee, I always get high on protein after it. But of course I share with my buddies. . Huge portion, nice employees, 24 hrs!!
This place looks like a pink-n-purple disco spaceship landed upon a garden and decided to serve food to the denizens of Las Vegas. It doesn't have the most amazing food I've ever eaten, but its fun atmosphere makes up for any culinary shortcomings.. . The service was quick and friendly, and our drinks were always kept full to the brim. Bonus points for the huge cups of coffee (at least by diner standards) and the shakers of multi-colored granulated sugar. I think everyone in our group had breakfast food and concurred that while the egg dishes were on the so-so side, the tasty hash browns and liberal portions of toast/bagels/muffins negated that.. . This is an excellent place to get some good, reasonably priced diner food that didn't come from a Denny's.
A rough in the diamond, Located on the glitz and what was once glamour the  Peppermill has been around for some time but yet it has not lost any of its classic feel.  It's great for a casual get together with friends or somewhere to grab that late night meal on your way home.. They have a full menu with pretty much everything you could want and the specialty drinks are quite special indeed and will always draw attention.  I would always suggest this as a simple spot to stop and eat, or maybe crowd around the fireside lounge for some drinks and laughs.
I was feeling a bit ill when I came here, so I don't think I got to experience the full effect of The Peppermill. Also trying to save a bit of money, and my first day in Vegas, this place was a bit pricey for breakfast if you're A) not hungry and B) not looking tospend a lot of dough. . . They took our photo and gave us this "Oh so cute" little postcard of the folks at our table, trying to sell us the bigger picture for Oh, I dont' know. Fifteen bucks, maybe? Something ridiculous. . . The Peppermill itself was pretty awesome. It was all pink and puple and yeah, disco, very colorful. The waitresses were wearing lollipopish apron type things. The hostesses were wearing these hot little dresses that might have matched the carpet in some of the more dingy, older hotels (Riviera, Circus Circus, etc), but they somehow made it look hot. . . The food was in heaping portions. I actually ended up splitting mine with a friend. We got some sort of Mexincan-styled omelette, rye toast, potatoes, etc. We didn't even finish our meal. . . It was pretty awesome, and I'll go back sometime when I'm feeling better- And when I feel better about spending the money- Maybe when I have a bigger appetite! It definitely seemed like a novelty.
Warning- this place is not in any of the big hotels and about a 5 minute drive from the "end of the strip" i.e. the Encore hotel. There used to be a peppermill closer to where I live, but it was closed and replaced with a buffet (yuck!). When you walk in you think you have turned back the hands of time and entered the 80's and ended up in Reno, NV. The decor is loud and in your face. The booths are big, black, and super shiny with bright pink lighting all throughout! I swear this place was used during the filming of some 80's mob movies- but I could be wrong!  Food wise this place is just great if you want huge portions, grease to soak up the alcohol, and prices that you probably wont find in any of the big hotels. Oh and if you are not done drinking they have a full bar to keep the blood levels low in your alcohol stream!
The first time I came here was a few years ago. I had read that it was voted Vegas' "Best  Make Out Bar," so on our honeymoon, the hubs and I decided to give it whirl. I had read somewhere that they were known for their pina coladas. We sat in the Fireside lounge side of the place. The ambience truly does lend itself to a great place to make out... Dark, with comfy couches, coffee tables and indoor fire pits, and waitresses that wear long black gowns with a slit up to the thigh. And the pina coladas were really good, too.. I couple years later, I was on a girls weekend, and we went to The Peppermill for breakfast. Huge portions, and nobody gives you the stink eye when you order a bloody mary with your omlet--it is Vegas, afterall. I had a veggie omlet, and it was awesome. Bloody marys were DELICIOUS, and I'm kinda picky about bloody marys.
The hubby and I were looking for a good, filling breakfast before hitting the casinos for the day, and we found The Peppermill. YUM! The decor was hilarious in itself. i could almost imagine I was on a movie or 70s TV set! The clientele on this morning was varied and several were obviously "working girls" winding down from the previous night. . . My French Toast platter and his omlette were both delicious and filling. Service was quick, attentive and friendly. We will definitely make this a stop for future Vegas trips!
I went on the internet and was looking for places to eat breakfast, when I came upon Peppermill and decide to try it. Well I'm so glad I did. it was great, the food was delious, huge and the service was great. The menu had a variety of things to choose from and the price was reasonable. I would recommen this place.
when i used to live in vegas, this was the joint to take dates after dinner to sip on some sexy shots of sambuca by the fire pit.... . now im married and took the wife there for cocktails... its still pretty cool...
Ate 2 meals here while we were in Vegas. Both were very good, with HUGE portions.
For white people food this place rocks. Big portions and good tasting stuff. The place looks sweet too which sets it.apart from Ihop. So give it a solid try and enjoy!
I felt like steak but didn't want to pay $60-$100 for the meal eating at a Steakhouse on the Vegas Strip. My buddy found this place through Yelp and we thought WTH....  I had a pretty large and very decent Porterhouse, the French onion soup was adequate, and the mushrooms were actually really good. Didn't touch the mashed potatoes because I didn't want to fill up valuable stomach space but they piled it high on my plate. All that food for 35 bucks? Heck yeah! The service was great. Our server Crystal was very friendly and Johnny-on-the-spot with drink refils. This place definitely makes Strip based steakhouses feel way over priced. We certainly will be going back to Peppermills
Hey great food and not to expensive also wonderful decor. It's down the street from the Wynn well worth cheacking out.
I had one of the best meals of my life at the Peppermill Restaurant.. . I was staying with a friend at the Riviera during RollerCon 2011, and after a day chock full of roller derby, we were exhausted and starving. We headed over to this restaurant that was close to our hotel, and after a short wait we were seated in this kitschy wonderland. There were so many things on the menu that sounded delicious that it took me awhile to decide what to order. I ended up choosing the french toast ambrosia, and it....was....AMAZING. When I read "topped with seasonal fruit", I thought there would be a few strawberries or something on top of my french toast. No, it was a platter full of french toast absolutely slathered in whipped cream, blueberries, blackberries, bananas, grapes, strawberries, cantaloupe, and honeydew. It doesn't get any better than that, folks.. . Our server was very nice and tolerated my friend (who always insists on modifying her menu items). We left a really generous tip. . . Considering most of the food in Vegas is expensive and crappy, this place is a MUST. I would definitely go here again the next time I am in Vegas.
I went here the first time in about 1974. We went there nightly in those days. We ate in the front and drank in the lounge. Well, many years passed and my husband is always looking for things to surprise me with in Vegas. It seldom works. But he said I'm taking you to somewhere really different and when we pulled in I laughed. I hadn't been here in at least 20 years. We went to the lounge and ordered a drink by the firepit. That was fantastic. Then we ordered food and literally nothing was good. Totally inedible. So, my advice stick to drinks. I'd give it 5 stars for drinks, 1 for food, and -10 for the creeps in the parking lot. Still overall really fun.
This was a bright spot in the culinary adventures of Vegas.  We went for a early dinner before heading to the airport and it was lovely.  The restaurant is clean and have awesome decor---I felt like I was in Vegas eating somewhere that I should see people or that it should be 4am and I should be getting a huge breakfast after a night out at the clubs.  The restaurant had a couple of others in it (we're talking dinner at 3:45 so its even early for the early birds) but they sat everyone in places where you didn't feel like you were on top of the others.  Service was prompt, nice, informative, and thorough.  The food was great, I had a fantastic salad, and my bf had a sandwich which looked yummy.  When he realized it had bacon on it, and he doesn't eat pork, the waitress took it back no questions asked and had a new one made for him.  The manager stopped by to ask if everything was okay, and thanked us for coming in.  I would highly recommend Peppermill to anyone going to vegas for quality food, reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, and genuine service.
Went over for breakfast as got tired of paying $50 at the casino. Excellent job, great pirces, and huge portions. Staff very friendly and a nice menu for any time of the day. Kind of tacky inside with the pink neon strips, but perfect for what ails you. Great late night stop too if you're looking for some food after a long night.
I've been to the Peppermill quite a few times over the years. Usually for some late night grub after a night out on the strip. . . The food is ok, nothing amazing. Pretty standard cafe food. The portions are enormous so I often suggest sharing as an option. . . On this particular occasion I came just to sit with some friends and have a few drinks after work in the Fireside Lounge. This was actually my first time in that area of the restaurant. On previous trips I've usually had my fair share of drinks by the time I happened upon the restaurant. The lounge is actually really cool. It wasn't too busy and there were lots of cushy sofas to sit on around cool looking firepits. . . I ordered a diet soda (because I'm trying to be good on weekdays), but sampled some of my friend's Pineapple Upside Down martini, which was delicious! I look forward to another trip to this lounge for food and drinks.
Went to Vegas with some friends and someone wanted to check out the Fireside. We were all a little buzzed when we arrived, so my memory may be a bit hazy but it definitely seemed like a cool place. Feels very much like a throwback to a 70s lounge - but in a way like this place has been around since the 70s... not a corporate 70s themed bar.. . They had good drinks and comfortable couches. They have pretty waitresses who aren't slutting it up like many of the casino girls. I can't imagine starting your night here, or going during the day - this place seems tailor made for winding up here after a late night of drinking and partying, for a couple of wind-down nightcaps.
First visit and I loved it. . . The wife and I came in for breakfast on a Tuesday morning. The place was full, but they were able to find us a seat. We were greeted quickly by the hostess and asked if we wanted a drink from the bar. I did, so she sent over a cocktail waitress in a cocktail dress. . . We settled in and took in the decor. Because they were busy and I had a screwdriver in front of me, we didn't make any note of the time. My wife commented that the place looks like the back of Sammy Johns' 1973 Chevy van. Wonderfully kitschy.. . Our waitress took our order and made great suggestions, because I had trouble deciding what I wanted. They were excellent suggestions. My wife had a pesto chicken sandwich on ciabatta bread. I ordered Munch's breakfast.. . Both dishes were huge and easily could have been split between us. I dove into my plate, hash browns mixed with onions, mushrooms, peppers and linguica, topped with eggs. I enjoyed it so much that I never even asked for a bite of the sandwich. I know she enjoyed it because she kept nibbling on it even after the point of immobility. I fully understood, as I was at the same point picking out slices of linguica from my plate. . . I have already recommended the Peppermill to friends.
After a very long wait we were pleased to see generous portions. Had a burger and gyro, overall pretty good. Service was a little lacking but they were slammed so understood. Breakfasts are definitely big enough to share!
Solidly good quality food. One of the few things i truly miss about living in Vegas is the Peppermill.
Every time I visit LV I have to have at least one late night breakfast here.  2 years ago I asked one of the local taxi stand workers where to go and get something to eat after leaving the club.  He named a few places and then I asked, "where would you go?" He said to the Peppermill and I've been sold every since.  . The service has always been nice, quick and courteous.   I can't suggest too much from the menu because I'm always ordering the steak and egg breakfast. Very good for the price.. I would highly recommend this place.
Nice place to get a reasonable price meal in Vegas. I stop by everytime I'm here in Vegas. The service is immpecable and the waitress uniforms are a plus side..
I loved the atmosphere!  The food was very tasty and I really enjoyed my meal here after taking a break from a long day at a convention.
Nice 24hr place to eat on the vegas strip. I got the philly cheese steak. It was really good. They give you a large amount of fries here.
My dinner was wonderful there, but alas it was the Fireside Room that made the overall experience beyond awesome.  What a nice place to hang with friends and strangers alike.  The atmosphere is intimate.  The staff is quick to help you, and time flies while one is having fun there.  Hands down I wish we had something like the Fireside in the Twin Cities.
Pyrotechnicality never underwhelms me. Light a match, and I'll show up. Set me before a 1970's liquid fire pit, and I'll bring friends. . . It's really all about the fireside lounge for me _ and the same should hold true for you if you go to the Peppermill. That is only if you've got a smoke and mirrors sense of humor and some velvet-covered disco fries left in the frying pan of your soul kitchen.
Amazing, tasty portions and good prices! I thought it was a bit overpriced for breakfast ($30 for an omelet, coffee and OJ) but well worth it. If you have an appetite and don't mind the pricing, visit this hidden gem!
Thank you Anthony Bourdain. I get this place. I am now a fan for life.
Getting straight to the point the food here is absolutely amazing and we will definitely visit here again when we are in Vegas. . Just a little background...This was our 1st trip to Vegas and we visited the Peppermill based on a suggestion from my husband's co-worker. . . When we first walked in, the cheap decor and tacky waitresses caught my eye. There were a few of slot machines (of course) crammed in a small corner, neon lights, cheap plastic plants, and waitresses wearing orthopedic shoes. Because the Restaurant sells drinks, they have a"cocktail waitress" who was dressed as if she were going to the prom (on a budget). . . We were finally seated after waiting 45 minutes, it was Saturday around noon, so it was to be expected. The service here was not good. The waitress was unattentive and forgetful, however the food is THE BOMB!!!!!! I ordered to Lorraine Omelet and my hubby ordered some sort of scrambler. The food was seasoned to perfection and the portion sizes were ridiculous. I literally ate on my food for 2 days and wound up throwing it away. I ordered a pancake on the side and it was literally the size of a 20' rim.. . If you are looking for great food with large portion sizes, this is the place. Although the service sucks (the lady at the checkout counter practically ignored us for a couple of minutes when we were ready to pay our bill), they make up for it with their food.
Go there - large portions, fun older "Vegas" atmosphere.  The next time we visit Las Vegas, it's definitely on our food agenda.
Laid back good food cool waitress Cheap I'd go back was here 12/8/11
We ate here on 12/10/11 around 6pm. Gave this place 4 stars because the prices for some of the dinner entrees are outrageous, in my opinion, but I realize the portions might make up for that. My husband got the gyro sandwich that came with onion rings (huge onion rings), I got the turkey burger which came with sweet potato fries (and lots of it!) and my son had the kids meal pancakes with sausage (the pancake was humongous).  The highlight of my meal was the turkey burger. I think that was the biggest,  juiciest, best tasting turkey patty I have ever had. Yes the decor is cheesy and out dated but my son was in love with all the neon lights and my husband was in love with all the short skirted waitresses and massive cleavage of the cocktail girl.
THE Vegas diner experience. When it's 3am and looking for a Vegas-style late night dinner, this is the spot to go.. . Neon? Check! Mirrors everywhere? Check! Free souvenir photo? Check!. . Portions are huge and the menu is very extensive, and really, when you end up here at 3am, all the food will taste like Bobby Flay was in the kitchen.. . Loved it!
A new favorite hotspot in Vegas! Their food is decent, but their real claim to fame is that fabulous firepit with waitress service. Sipping a mai tai or bloody mary sitting fireside was a wonderful experience with a great group of friends. I could have sat there all day. Check it out after grabbing a bite, since the lounge doesn't have a full menu like inside.
Great late night spot for breakfast. The bar area looks like a pimps house...haha. Maybe this was my true taste of old Vegas. O yea, dont ask the person taking pictures at this place any favors like taking a picture with your camera instead of his so you dont have to pay....just ask the waiter.
I've eaten here twice now and both times it has been great. Drinks are huge, food is excellent and service is good. Reasonably priced too. Love, love, love the kitchy, classic Vegas experience it offers too. Romantic circular booths and the fire pit in the bar make this a fun and romantic place for me and my honey when we are dining on the Strip.
So...came to this joint per recommendation of Holly Madison's Twitter feed...Unfortunately she wasn't there the time I showed up. Ha! BUT I have to say I was really surprised by this place. Such a funky, cool Vegas spot. Yes all the other reviews are right. Very Kitsch and lots of neon and mirrors and the fireplace in the middle of the restaurant is pretty cool. TIP: when you walk in you have to go to the bar/lounge area to the left for this stuff. There is a main eating room/diner area to the right when you walk in. GO LEFT to the lounge. You can still get great diner food and big drinks in there.  I did feel like the place could have been a strip club at some point. I kept looking to see if there was some remnant of a stripper pole in there somewhere but couldn't find it. Never researched the history on this joint so who knows? Anyway, I love finding weird fun and funky spots outside of "The Strip" and this one definitely one to visit.
Great breakfast joint. Shared an omelet with a side of hash browns, a bagel and cream cheese and coffee for two all for under @20. The omelet is massive, almost could not finish with two of us indulging.. . Sat at the bar as the tables were full. The place was popping on a Thursday morning, right before NYE. Chose this place cause it was just across from the tix 4 tonight booth. Service was a bit slow, but we didn't care. Waitress was amusing.
A little pricy, but the food is very good, with large portions. Nice atmosphere.
This was the first time in a long time that I've been here.  I love this place, the only reason I quit going was because they had it so cold in the fireside lounge area, that I felt like I was in Alaska....But went there to meet my relatives!  And it was very comfortable.  So it felt good to get that famous Scorpian!  It was awsome.  The admostfere is great for hanging with friends!
In Vegas besides gambling, drinking, partying, there's a lot of good places to eat! Saw this place as me and my bf was passing by to go pick up his friend and decided to come back to this place and eat for lunch! There was a wait list and it was cool that we got to hang out in the fireside lounge and get some drinks while waiting in a dark, mysterious lounge by a fire that was surrounded by water. In a way this diner was a bite too dark and it pretty old school retro. I mean it is a diner and at least they did something interesting about this place lol. After our wait was over we got seated, there were fake trees surrounding the booths and was not as dark as the lounge area. . . Me and my bf split the Joe's San Francisco Special after asking the waitress if the food portion is share able and she said yes so we just shared it. OMG the food portion size is huge! Good thing we shared because it was also so filling that we could not even finish it.... The food itself was interesting it seems to be it could of been scrambled eggs with spinach , plus some pork sausage on the side, with hash browns, and all covered on top like a nacho cheese sauce but instead its all layered in the dish as one whole meal!  It was quite yummy! Will come back here again if I come to Vegas again!
It's a great step back in time. The place is a romantic diner (believe it or not). I also liked it because most of the people in there like to dress, if you know what I mean. Having great drinks didn't hurt. If you ever come to Vegas...... Check it out.
This place was great, from the couches to the sunken fire place. We spent a couple fo hours in there before we knew it.
this place is great. came here about twice now. food is exceptional. i got the nachos and some friends got very different entrees. i am a nacho fan and these nacho were really good. not to mention the size of these things. i love the rainbow sugar they have. i think i consumed a bit too much. the second time i tried this place. it seemed like the prices went up and the portion size got smaller. probably the only reason why i have not gone back. oh wells, this place is good. would recommend for first timers. its a fun place to be.
Located in between the Riviera and the newly built construction of Echelon Place along the Vegas Strip. This restaurant will take you back to the retro age. A 70's neon vintage diner, which includes purple velvet booths completing the groovy vibe is the Fireside Lounge/Bar in another part of the establishment. Where else can you find a circular fireplace? Let's just say this is a stationary limo where the choices of specialty cocktails are abundant.. . As awesome as the ambience is, let's get down (no pun intended) to the real reason this place is a must in spending time in Vegas. The food is great. Wide selection, huge portions (A-muuuur-ri-cuh), and ridiculous affordable prices. . . "They" say that Vegas is a  24 Hour town, but that is sooo wrong, especially when you're in the city with friends and pull a Strip Crawl and need something to sober you up at 3 or 4 in the morning. Peppermill is open 24HOURS!!!! . . If you're on a budget this is the place to go to indulge.
Delicious breakfast and u can shop at Ross next door right after where u find amazing things!!!! But yes delicious breakfast served with a minchilada at 10am!! But can get very busy so be prepared to wait besides that nice atmosphere nice waitress and good food! Just didn't get that last star because the sausage links are very big and undercooked :(
So we were spending a weekend in Vegas and a buddy mentioned he wanted to check out this spot. I had seen this spot featured on a random network showcasing the restaurant. I agreed we should try this spot so I didn't eat much all day so I could indulge a bit with a breakfast at 2am. As we showed at 2am, a little tipsy I may add, we all head to the RR to wash up I ask if I should put our name down for a table? My buddy looked at me a little confused and replied," They have a f'n restaurant? Were here for the lounge." To this my reply was," They have a f'n lounge? I was here for the food." Turns out we caught to different shows featuring to different sides of this joint.. . As we enter the lounge we were set back by the decor that seem not to have been updated from the mid 80's, but it worked. The environment had a certain level of comfort that you don't get in a big hotel lounge. Great group seating, this spot even had a fire pit indoors. None of the music was dated I say past 87' but as I said it worked. A mix of locals getting off work and tourist coming and going we ended up drinking and eating for about another 3-4hrs. Our waitress was beautiful to the point we were willing to take each out to spend sometime with her, it was great. . . This is definitely the spot to hit if you want away from the Vegas norm.
Imagine Denny's with portions twice as large, food quality a little better, and a decor that is totally fun, old school, 80's Las Vegas. Oh, and add pretty servers in short skirts.  This place is 5 star fun with 3.5 star food.  Definitely a good deal and a great place to sop up the booze with a big, late night breakfast.  Don't forget to take a peek at the fireside lounge before you go.  It's fun too.
During the cab ride in from the airport I asked the driver if he had any restaurant recommendations. He suggested Peppermill and described as a Denny's on acid. I thought he meant that you would have to be on acid to go there at first but then kept hearing other people suggest it as the best place to fill those late night cravings. Finally I made it over there and was I happy about it. It had the perfect late night laid back dinner feel to it. The staff was friendly and the food was decent. Definitely worth heading back!
I came here on my sister's recommendation and I was not disappointed. The prices were a bit steep but that's to be expected on the strip. The burger was good, but beware because the portions are pretty big!!. They have small booths (good for about 4 people). The wait was a little long but the waitress was super nice! I want to try some of their breakfast foods since their burger was pretty good.
Sit by the fire sip on a drink and cuddle by your honey!
We went here for breakfast on 27-Dec 2011 and were greeted by a loooong queue. That's always a good sign - a place has to be good if there are so many people willing to wait for the first meal of the day! Fortunately, there were a couple of seats available at the counter, and we asked the hostess if there was a queue for that. Nope!! So we just walked straight in and it was the most awesome feeling in the world - jumping a queue of about 30. Haha. . Anyways, on to the food. GIANT portion sizes. I am a ravenous beast in the morning, and I could only make through half of my Marco Pollo Omelet and the monster portion of hash browns. My husband ordered the french toast, and got 3 (or was it 4?) huge slices with a mound of fruit on top. The food was not uniquely delicious, but it was satisfying. All in all, we left happy and content.. . We will definitely return whenever we visit the sin city next!
Excellent food. The prices were good for the amount of food received. I would have given 5 stars but wait time to be seated on Sunday afternoon seemed long and service was a little slower due to having so many guests.
Great place for traditional greasy breakfast. Large portion as well.
The minute you walk through the front door and see the slot machines and pink neon lights you just know that you are in for a classic Vegas experience. The Peppermill has been on the north end of the Vegas strip for over thirty years. Many a casino has come and gone in those years but the Peppermill and the adjacent Firseide Lounge has survived.  It is well known for its neon glow, its cute car hop uniformed waitresses and its huge food portions..  You don't need to worry about the time of day because the Peppermill is open 24 hours and serves Breakfast,Lunch and Dinner anytime. This makes it a perfect late night stop or the place to cure your morning after hangover. For Simone and I, it was the hangover cure, and we arrived mid morning and were immediately seated.  After looking over the waitress, I mean menu, I decided to order the Reuben Sandwich and French Fries. Simone decided to go for the Breakfast menu and ordered a spinach, feta and tomato omelete with hash browns and a Bran Muffin. My Reuben arrived first and it was massive. In fact, it was a club sandwich with three grilled and buttery homemade slices of Rye bread. Between the first two slices of bread was a heaping mound of fresh sauerkraut with gooey melted Swiss and house made thousand island dressing. The kraut was marinated perfectly with the flavor of whole caraway seeds and was excellent as the bed for the thinly sliced pound or so of grilled pastrami which was piled high on the next layer of rye bread with more melted Swiss. This was the holy grail of sandwiches and I amazingly finished the entire thing. The fries were a little to thick cut for my taste but were still fried crisp and were a good side to my sandwich.  Simones omelet was almost equal in size to mysandwich . It was packed full of spinach , cheese and tomatoes and even had some surprise hash browns mixed in with it ( hopefully not left over on the grill from the day before). Simone was a light weight and only downed about 1/4 of her monster meal. The hash browns that came with the omelet were grated fresh and were grilled crispy on the outside and tender in the middle, just the way they should be and i gladly helped Simone finish them.  The bran muffin also had good flavor and was nice, fresh and moist.. The Peppermill is a great experience. Come hungry, because there is plenty to eat and you will want to finish it all.  A great Las Vegas landmark, it is not to be missed. 4 out of 5 for the Peppermill ****
Cool place to grab breakfast or lunch. There are a lot of tourist who come here daily, so it is always crowded! The wait for a table isn't too bad. They have big portions, there is a big menu, so if you don't know what to choose you can always order a few different things and share with your group. I prefer breakfast at this place more than lunch. I have had their roast beef dip with onion rings, and it was just ok. But the breakfast is AWESOME. We had the french toast with tons of fresh berries and boysenberry syrup! Also the waffle with eggs, and bacon. I would definitely be back!
This place is so Vegas!  Once you're inside, it kind of feels like you're eating in a glowy bluish forest.  Some people actually get to eat under the canopies of the fake trees.  All the waitstaff are dressed up in some way.  The cocktail waitresses have these shmexy long gowns,the waitresses have short skirts and suspenders, and the waiters have a male version of the suspenders.  They show less skin, though. Too bad. . . This place is known not only for its Vegas-y vibes, but also for its large portions!  Most of our group struggled to finish their meals, but a long day of competition worked wonders on my appetite. That mushroom burger didn't stand a chance.  And the milkshakes? GINORMOUS. In general, I'd say food quality is mediocre, but they give you such a large quantity that I feel most people would be inclined to take half of it home. (I love leftovers) Also, for those of you who are into the brekky-for-dinner thing, breakfast is served all day long. . . Additional bonus: our server was so nice to separate all the orders onto separate checks despite the fact that we presented her with a 20-person group. Winning!
big portion. great old school atmoshphere. my steak was cooked right. food is basic diner quality food. i don't think anyone comes here for the gourmet food. i like it and will be back....
Fro to-the mage.  Crazy neon lights, mirrored ceilings, this place must have been a strip joint before becoming a restaurant!  . . But the food!  Huge portions, well made diner style food for decent prices $10-15 for breakfast.  It's open 24 hours a day, and it was walking distance from our hotel at the Hilton Grand Vacations.
I have been making regular stops to Fireside Lounge for a while now and I really like it. The lighting and decor would do it for me alone.  Booths tucked behind fake plants. Fire coming out of water.  It feels kinda like being in a fish tank. A pink fish tank. . . They serve all manner of sweet, strong, and overly garnished cocktails. Tall ones, short ones, pink ones, and blue ones. Some of the drinks are the size of fish bowls.. Pink fish bowls.. . The bartenders are in black and white and the cocktail waitresses are wearing evening wear. Drinking these crazy drinks in such an atmosphere can really have a good effect on the old disposition. If you know what I mean.. . So I have visited the lounge a bunch and never so much as walked into the restaurant. So the last time I was in town it was time.  . . The ambiance was the same as the lounge only a bit brighter and more restaurant like. Which might have something to do with the fact that it is indeed a restaurant.. . The evening gown clad waitress came over and brought us mai tais and what not. The restaurant waitress was dressed interesting also, I think. All were nice.. . The food was quite good and served in over sized portions. Pancakes, omelets, burgers and stuff like that. I personally had buffalo chicken wrap due to some reviews I have read. I would not normally order some such thing like that. It was really good. Everything everybody got was good. Big salads and other bullshit I don't remember. . . So two good things in one building. And it's on the strip, albeit the ass end of the strip. And for desert you can go across the street to the Riviera. Go get it.
What a perfect place to finish off a Vegas trip! I came here back in January with some friends. It was packed, the wait time was long, BUT you can chill in the lounge until a table is ready for you. The ambiance is so weird, but fun at the same time. I can't begin to describe the funky waitress outfits they have. . . After spending the weekend on the strip glaring at all the overpriced food and beverage spots, I had the best affordable cup of coffee EVERRRR. The average price for meals was about $10-15. I got the Pesto Chicken Sandwich with fruit and it was SOOOO GOOD. I tried my friend's Country Fried Steak--it was AMAZING. Portions are huge and you really get what you pay for! . . Great for tourists...open 24 hours, plenty of parking, take debit/credit, slots in waiting area, souvenir group photos, and an experience to remember! I will be back for sure!
We needed a little lunch to hold us over before dinner, so we split a cheeseburger and fries. They were happy to let us split (a lot of places are not so cool with it anymore). The burger and fries were great! Cooked perfect, tasty, yummy!
I haven't been to the Peppermill in 20 years.  We stopped there a few times when we were tourists.  I decided to go today for a different breakfast place.. . I arrived about 9:45 and the place was packed.  There was a waiting list for a table, but the counter was open so I went there.  Angela was my server and she immediately got me some coffee.  I have read about the big portions.  It starts with their over-sized coffee mugs.  Very nice.. . I ordered the Fruit fantasia waffle, a good sized waffle topped with seasonal fresh fruit and served with boysenberry syrup and butter and whipped cream or sour cream for a topping.  The waffle had a lot of fruit--bananas, grapes, honeydew melon, cantaloupe, and strawberries.  It was excellent.. . Thisis an institution that has been around for a lot of years and based on the people there today, it will be around for a lot more.
Really good food. I had the country fried steak, eggs, and bacon. My friends enjoyed their meals as well. The waitress, Michelle, was nice and friendly to us.
Ok let me start by saying I am critical. There are too many places to eat. Not only is the food important so is the presentation and service.. . That said Peppermill is a good value. I went for breakfast, service was good food was hot portions were generous.  I had corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. Nice presentation cucumber and tomato slices decorated plate. . . I would have given them 5 stars but I like my corned beef has crispy. This is a good alternative to the expensive restaurants at the Wynn and Encore. Short walk.
Love, love, love this place! The food is always excellent and the portions are enormous. I want to say their omelets have like 6 eggs in them (or more). Seriously, come hungry or be prepared to take home leftovers. . . When a place is 24 hours and they serve breakfast the whole time, I tend toward breakfast food. That being said, their eggs benedict is one of the best in Las Vegas. Burgers are delish and cooked to order (beware asking for rare...they take it seriously and will produce something pretty much raw on the inside). The service is great. Waitresses are attentive and friendly. There seem to always be cops eating there; take what you will from that. . . Downsides: The place gets crowded. Really crowded. Weeknights seem to be the best time to go if you want to sit down and eat quickly. Also, the parking situation can be difficult. They have an itty bitty parking lot in front (maybe more in the back, not sure!) right on LV Blvd, so getting out can be tricky. . . Bottom line: if you haven't been, go for the decor. Stay for the food!
If you are visiting Las Vegas for the first time you gotta go to the Peppermill. Once you enter this place the decor just screams Vegas with its cool neon lights and coloful lampshades. Also, if you want to get drinks before you start your meal you can just hop over to their bar area which has a wicked cool firepit and you chill around the fire with your friends. . . Food here is pretty tasty and the portions are HUGE! (Which is great for sharing) I had the Reuben sandwich with fries and it was really good. If you want comfort food, this place has a bunch of it. Their breakfast menu is served all day so that's another plus and it's open 24 hours (hell yeah!)
This restaurant, just south of the Riviera is an excellent choice for breakfast with GREAT coffee, HUGE portions (consider sharing omelets and pancakes and hash browns).  Service was great for us both days we went there as well. I wish I had discovered it sooner!  . . Great fresh fruit bowls went by us as well and if i didn't have SO much food, I would have ordered that as well.. . The restaurant has a 50's style theme working and the bar adjoining would really be a nice place to hang out and have a drink!
This is 1 of our favorite breakfast places when dining outside of the Wynn.  It's just the right amount of tacky for a Vegas morning meal without being over the top.  The portions are definitely large enough to split and are all very tasty. I usually go for the yogurt parfait or split one of the omelets,..both are delicious! I'm  giving -1 star for the waitresses. While I  appreciate the no nonsense slinging hash approach from them, sometimes it's over the top.
One of my old time fave!!!
Nachos, nachos, nachos... that's all you need to know and all you need to order.. . Everything else was good but not great.. . Cool diner vibe with friendly staff and interesting colors!
What a great place this is...we had to wait about 30 minutes to grab a table and I understand that that's pretty normal. It's basically a large 1970's diner decorated in a "disco Vegas" style. . . The menu is large, but many opt for the 24 hour breakfast. I ordered something called the San Jose breakfast bowl, though trough would be more appropriate, it is large and heavy and contains scrambled eggs, sausage, beef, onions, spinach, cheese served over hash browns. It was very tasty, especially the potatoes...I could only finish about 1/3 of it and was not hungry again all day. Interesting staff and nice melange of customers for people watching.
Best hashbrowns and coffee!!
The Fireside Lounge is an old school cheesily decorated place not to be missed!  I'm sure back in the day, it was pretty amazing, and although dated, it kind of still IS!  It's rare to find places like this that didn't feel the pressure to "update" their look, and so we younger folks get to enter a kind of time capsule and imagine a Friday night out on the town in our platforms & polyester disco dresses!  Big round banquettes for groups make it a nice place to stop & hang out without feeling the Vegas Rush to move on & not miss something fabulous.  Flashback decor includes mirrors on all the walls, red upholstery, faux forest-like greenery and a central fireplace/fountain (propane bubbling up thru the water making the flames dance on the surface).  A good experience over all.  Fifth star of the rating falls away because, although very pleasant, it seemed like the wait staff wasn't that efficient.
If you like diner food and large portions, this is your spot, the food is good, no nonsense, fresh, straight-up what you are craving. The portions are crazy gigantic and the service was surprisingly good considering how busy and hectic this place is. . . Kudos to the management for putting out consistently good food with a smile!
Awesome decor. This place puts Mel's Diner back home in LA to shame. But bring a sweater -- they had the AC ridiculously cold in there! All in all a great experience, though, and I will be back and recommend this place to others. Loved the atmosphere and the food was pretty good...with lots leftover to take back to the hotel with us!
We LOVE this place and don't know why we don't come here more often when we are in Vegas.. . This review is in two parts, the restaurant and the lounge.. . THE RESTAURANT. . Mirrors, fake Cherry Blossom trees, red and blue neon... what's not to love?. . Service here is very good, prompt and friendly.  Proportions can be ridiculously large!. . On the night we went, we had plans for later in the evening and I didn't want to be too full... so I was a little concerned due to the size of their servings.  I ordered the cheeseburgers sliders which came with home made Yukon Gold Potato chips.  The sliders were... sliders, nothing spectacular, but the chips were awesome though I could not finish them.  My wife had the chicken pesto sandwich with onion rings, both of which she LOVED.. . We returned a couple of days later for breakfast where I had the country fried steak and eggs which was good, though again I could not finish it (and I am a BIG eater) and she has the French Toast Ambrosia... which was ridiculously large!  It was so big a lady from the next table asked if she could take a picture of it!  . . I also noticed the gentleman across from us ordered the fruit plate which was not at all a fruit plate, it was a produce bar stacked on a plate!  I am not kidding, your could easily get your full eight servings of fruits and vegetables in one meal!. . This place is a little pricy, however in most items you get enough to make two (if not more) meals.  Proportionally speaking it is very reasonable.. . THE LOUNGE. . We freakin' LOVE this lounge!  Again chrome and mirrors, red and blue neon, red velvet booths, and a fire spewing, boiling water fire pit!  I have always thought this would be exactly the kind of place where swingers would meet up prior to their assignations!. . The waitresses all wear cocktail dresses which are very nice.  They prohibit you from wearing hats of any kind calling it their "dress code" but there are always people in there dressed in shorts and t-shirts so I am not too what the boundaries of this "code" are.  . . They have a really cool menu advertising "retro" drinks like champagne cocktails, Manhattans, and scorpions in big bowls.   I ordered a Vodka Gimlet (which seems more and more to becoming an endangered species as far as bartenders go) and our friend ordered a Beautiful.  Both drinks were made correctly with no questions asked.  . . Again this place can be pricy.  In fact we spent more here in the same amount of time as we did at Treasures, a very high end strip club.. . Money aside, I would find a reason to go to Vegas just to hang out at the Peppermill Fireside Lounge.. . The ONLY reason i don't give it 5 stars is the cost.. . Edit:  My wife's preferred drink this weekend was a Pina Colada.  She wanted me to point out that the Peppermill was the ONLY establishment that served her PC in a hurricane glass as it SHOULD be.  It may not seem important but it shows that they pay attention to the details.
Its a Vegas landmark. Everyone in the nightlife industry comes here after work, 5/6am for breakfast.. HUGE portions, but rather pricy for locals. But its a retro diner type, it has an intertesting decor andthe food is ok. . Service is a little slow at times.. . Come around 2/3 am and its full of drunken tourists :)
A cool place. There is for sure always a variety of different people in here.. . I like the breakfast and salads. The bacon is cooked to order and delicious. I had a huge delicious breakfast on this last visit. The breakfast is always my fav here.. . Be prepared that you will get a BIG plate no matter what you order. I ordered a salad once and ate off it for several days lol. The salads are seriously huge and good.. . The "conquest" in a great sandwich. Curly fries pair well with it.. . The servers are nice but chatty with each other and not always paying attention to the tables.. . Kinda pricey but you get a lot of food. It attracts many tourists but at most times you will find more of us locals inside eating or having a drink with friends.
The food is good and the portions are HUGE...my only complaint is that it took a while to get served..try it as you will not be dissappointed
Great atmosphere and great good, service. The bar and fire pit are a most if your in LV.
This place is a hidden place in VEGAS! This place is awesome away from everything and parking right in front! I had breakfast here and was VERY GOOD & then we headed to the lounge area where they have the fire pit and had some drinks the drinks where very good except  they did need more poison in them what is VEGAS w/out enough poison in the drinks!
First time trying the place and it definitely will not be the last. Huge portions of food. Got a half order of Nachos Nachos Nachos and it was enough to feed me and my g/f for a few days. I ordered the Gyros and my g/f ordered the philly both were good and better as leftovers. Will be coming back to check out breakfast.
I almost threw up from the amount of food they gave me and I stupidly tried to eat all of. I ordered a milk shake and it was well over a litre. It was incredibly delicious but putting down that and a huge burger was a bit of a chore for my stomach.. . But I feel like you have to check this place out. It feels like such a Vegas kind of place and the food is very tasty.
My fiance' & I love coming in here when were in Vegas on our last day here for breakfast before we make our 4 hour long drive back home to Cali. There's always a wait but definitely worth it.. I've never tried any of their food except for breakfast, but they give you big portions and it's so good. Definitely a place to check out when you're at Vegas.
Awesome bloody Mary's and a fun ambiance in the lounge area! Portion sizes are huge so unless your starving I'd suggest sharing. Food was great service was a little slow.
great place. fun atmosphere. love the neon look it has the retro vegas look. the fireside lounge is amazing. the amount of food is definitely worth the price. I'd say come here late night cuz during dinner time it gets packed and some of the food tends to be under the heat stand too long to where fries may get cold
As Frank Barone used to say, "Holy Crap!"  And I mean that in a good way.. . I walk into this place early on a Saturday morning and it's packed, with families, all-nighters, bikers and such.  My waitress tells me later this is nothing compared to when they have conventions, the place is wall-to-wall busy.. . Today, the place was hopping.  And so were the waitresses, who were wearing their tight skirts that fit right into the Vegas old school.  Lots of blue neon lights.. . I take a seat at the counter. Yes, the service here is a little slower, but hey, I was in no hurry.  Finally, my waitress offers me drink and a menu.   I look at the menu and have a hard time figuring out what I want because of the various options.  I pick the French Toast Ambrosia. A few minutes later, my long-legged waitress Jennifer brings me this plate of french toast that is covered with fruit and what looks like a half can of whipped cream.  I'm thinking, howin the world am I going to eat all this?  And as I look around, everyone else is being served huge volumes of food also.  At that moment, I decided that I am going to the Peppermill every time I go to Vegas and I'm bringing my friends.. . Yes, the food was very good.  No, I did not finish it all.  But it did make good leftovers.. . How did I miss this place after all these years?
Can't go wrong with this flashback from the past.  Located just between Encore and Riviera this place has a good selection for you after the long night of drinking. They pretty much serve you their entire menu all day. For the price and the cost you are better here than the massive crowds at the buffets or hash hash spots in the city.
AMG!!! A lot of food
Peppermill is popular amongst the Vegas clubbing crowd. I have no clue what this place would be like at regular hours of the day, but think Denny's or The Pantry. The prices reflect that of the Vegas markup too, but you come to expect that on the strip. The first thing that you would notice on the menu would be the breakfast emphasis. I've only done breakfast here and it's rather good, even at 4 am.. . -=-Southern fried steak-=- I got this meal with eggs. That's the perfect way to do chicken fried steak. It's definitely top 5 in my list of chicken fried steaks. You just can never go wrong with a fried piece of steak. The gravy that they add on top as well is savory, flavorful, and not too overbearing. If you want something breakfast meaty, and don't mind a huge chicken nugget, get this. I was able to get away with only eating half, and saving the rest for later, so fear not hungry men, this will fill you.
This place is hilarious!  . . We found it on Yelp (course) and were seriously surprised. LONG day of flights plus a workout in. We didn't want to get super decked out. Went literally from the fitness center in our hotel to Peppermill after walking down to the strip. We told the cab to take us here and he was cracking up.  We didn't get the joke till we arrived. . . Pretend and visualize you at a IHop/Denny's with ambiance lightening, dance music that serves alcohol. You have arrived at the Peppermill Lounge. LOL!!!! . . The food ROCKS here. Late that Saturday night we each had a mediterranean omelette with egg whites and hash browns.  Bran muffin for him, blueberry for me.  We barely said a word to each other. We just chowed! I kept eye balling these HUGE onion rings that were passing our table and said I HAD to go back at some point and get my onion rings.  It was a must-do. . . The next day for lunch we needed something sort of easy and quick. It was Sunday and we walked in around 1130 am to see a JAMMED room of people WAITING for tables to get in....I'm telling you, it's THAT good. We by-passed them and went to the Fireside Lounge side of the facility. We ordered a few cocktails a fruit/cheese plate, BIG bowl of Onion Rings as big as your head...and a plate of sliders. I didn't touch the fruit/cheese, overdosed on Onion Rings as planned and had a slider with maybe a few chips.  The food was again, awesome.  Next time I'm just getting those onion rings. :) . . We made fun of it yet went there TWICE.  We like our grub and it was worth going two times. Prices are more than fair and the staff is good.
My buddy Daniel recommended this place to me when I told him I was headed to Vegas. He saw it on No Reservations and I was automatically sold! I mean, who doesn't want the Bourdain experience?! . . So after an already long night of drinking, eating and more drinking my girlfriend and I hopped in a cab and ended up here and I'm glad we did! We didn't eat here but we did share a Scorpion. A tropical drink concoction that was the cap for the night! What is in it you ask? I'm not sure about everything but there is some pineapple and LOTS OF BOOZE...oh yeah and ICE CREAM! I don't think you will find it on the menu but you can order it. . . It's a cool throwback to old Vegas that includes an awesome lounge, fire pits and a mirrored ceiling! It's got tons of character and has become a 'must go to' spot for me anytime I will find myself in Las Vegas. Yes, it is over the top and cheesy but Vegas is all about excess anyways!
I came in around 1am on Saturday night for lounge.  Only ordered one drink, a mudslide and it was DELICIOUS.  However the lounge vibe felt kinda dead despite it being about 75% full.  Everyone was just sitting down without any mingling or activities among each other.  So after I finished my drink I seen no point in hanging around and left.
I am a fan of The Peppermill Restaurant.  I went this morning for breakfast and it was just what I expected.  I ordered a pancakes, eggs, bacon,sausages, hashbrown and shared it with my sister.  The meal was huge.  Very good service and quick on refills.  I can see why it's a local favorite.
Please do yourself a favor and venture of the strip to the Peppermill. Huge portions and affordable prices for the amount of food you get. And the best part, the food is great! Chicken Fried Steak was on point! Drinks were huge & reasonably price. The decor was the most brilliant, grotesque thing I'd ever seen.
Super sized helpings!  Try the Nachos Nachos Nachos with a few friends to be able to finish it!
I can't believe I have never ate here! So good! The Cobb salad was amazing! Hubby had an omelet and was very satisfied! You will def. be leaving with to-go boxes!
Great Breakfast / Brunch spot!  Lots of tasty options and I love the neon and decor!
My 7th time in Vegas, 1st time here.  You NEED to check it out.  Get a Bloody Mary and wait by fire pit until your table is ready.  Huge portions, good comfort food.  People that complain that it's expensive (which it's not) are best advised to hit the nearby Denny's.
It is surreal in the best of ways.. . Facing a grim flight after nearly a week of avoiding casinolands and focusing instead on the awesome climbing and desert hiking that the area contains, I was hesitant to go into a place that I'd imagined as a kind of cartoon of a Vegas cliche. I relented primarily because it looked a reliable redoubt against the desert heat.. . Guess what?. . It was a cartoon of a Vegas cliche on steroids and psychedelics and it is truly a worthwhile stop.. . With cocktail servers who all look like they stepped from a TV commercial opposite Ricardo Montalban, a surreal decor that verily shouts 1970s pickup scene, and a fountain that shoots flames, the important thing here to note is that they serve cocktails in glasses bigger than my head (and I'm a bit macrocephalous), it has subsequently become my most ritualized stop in Las Vegas.. . I can't speak for the restaurant side. Because I don't know why you wouldn't just stay in the lounge side.
Very good food at 5:30 in the morning!! Very good omelette's and super huge pancakes.  Open all night across the street from Circus Circus!!  All of the food ordered was very good and great for the price!!  Affordable and good!  What more can you ask for in a meal?
I have been going to the Peppermill forever and throughout the years it has remained one of those Very-Vegas places to eat. Though the times and the menu have changed a bit over the years, the atmosphere of the place has remained pretty much the same. . . The menu changing is actually a good thing. The portion of the food have diminished somewhat, which makes their meals much more manageable. They used to be so large that you were almost forced to eat too much. Now, they are just about right.. . The place can get crowded at times and depending on who is taking care of you, the service can be touch and go. But, this restaurant remains a must go to on the Vegas strip. It is like stepping back by a decade or two.
Solid 4 stars.  Huge portions - I had the eggs benedict both times I ate here.  Just too good to pass up.  Not the best I have ever had (thus the 4 stars) but this place is solid for breakfast lovers.  The French Toast plate looked amazing and more food than anyone I went with could eat.  This is a 5 or 6 am place to hit after you have been drinking all night and still have not made it to bed just yet.
Many years ago, a young boy sat in a diner with his sister and dad, tired after a long run at Circus Circus. Nope, not the midway but instead I was on a heater a the craps table.. . Anyhow, I have a vivid memory of gigantic ice cream mountains here. Our group of 16 wanted to know if it was true or merely romanticism of good times past. When the food came out, all we could do was laugh.. . Omelets made of dinosaur eggs (probably), ice cream scooped using shovels and a fruit plate that could have been used for a company party. Amazing and just hilarious. The Peppermill omelet, as big as it was, tasted very good. Loved the hash browns too. The banana split was right on - QUALITY ice cream and bananas. . . The kicker was our service. Very funny, helpful and was very communicative about our table. Oh yeah, hung out at the kitchy lounge sipping on bloody marys. TVs with music videos including greats like One Direction. Wonderful.
I can't give this place a 5-star review because I was pretty darn drunk when I went. The atmosphere is great at 4:30 in the morning. When you are slightly about to have  a hangover and are just stumbling out of some afterhours club and are not ready to see the sun yet...this place is perfect. Go, grab a delicious bloody mary, sit by the fire fountains, or get a table. Order yourself one of their great 10-egg omelets (I ordered one that had crab and avocado in it). It is a great place to go with your friends to fill up on pre-hangover food and sober up.
I always seem to end up here after a night of hard drinking on the strip, which isn't very often. The portions are insanely huge but I always manage to make a dent during those early morning visits. . . The staff is always friendly and I LOVE the old school ambience.
If you ever wondered why people are sooo fat go to this restaurant. Slap my thigh but damn are the portions huge. That aside, looks like a 70's night club, great service, alcohol 24/7 of course. Funny though going to breakfast feeling like shit and being served a cocktail with your pancakes by a girl in a evening dress.  . . Yes its on the strip but further up by circus circus on your right. Lots of parking,
I took my relatives here for a late dinner. I love it because it feels like Vegas with neon illuminating all over. It's a flashy place all the way to the colorful sugar crystals on the table. I remember when I first moved here we would frequent this place often. It was nice to see it really hadn't changed.. . I started with the Tortilla soup because it was chilly in there. The soup was huge but too salty for me.  I only had a couple spoonfuls. I shared half of a roast beef sandwich with my brother. It was a good size. It was yummy and the veggies on it were fresh ! My cousin ordered the appetizer that came with chicken tenders, bruschetta, onion rings,  mozzarella sticks,  onion rings and butterfly shrimp. It was enough to share with the five of us. We still had left overs! The shrimp was my favorite because they were big and crunchy. We all shared a huge sundae which was tasty brimming with gooey chocolate ...yum!
My S.O. and I went here the other day after attending an awesome Shins concert at the Hardrock Hotel. I've been wanting to try Peppermill for a while now, especially with all the reviews. We talked to a few locals who were concert go-ers that night and they highly recommended that we head over to Peppermill.  . . When you are driving there, just be aware that Peppermill is located somewhat off the strip by the Convention Center. It's next to a Ross and there is ample public parking.. . We entered into Peppermill and it was like stepping into a cheezy night club/vegas dive bar/I really don't even know what. The decor is super cheezy and kitchy. I loved it.  It's definitely one of those "you must experience it for yourself" kind of places.. . I ordered the eggs benedict per my fellow yelper's recommendations.  I loved the hollendaise sauce and the portion size was amazing. The hash browns were cooked a little longer than usual and they were crunchy and tasty.. . The S.O. ordered a feta omelette and I'm not sure what kind of beast of a creation came out.  As the S.O. was eating his omelette, he said, "Geeze, I'm getting full, I wonder how many eggs are in this thing?" The waitress replied, "Anywhere from 10-12 eggs." Holy heart attack, Batman! So what's the point you ask? Share, share, share!  The portions are plentiful here.. . The service was also very friendly and great. The place was a little dead but I think that's only because it was a Thursday night.. . If you are in Vegas and want a good late night dinner, I highly recommend Peppermill.
Well you cant really go wrong at peppermill. All their food is actually pretty on point. I love the sampler appetizer simply bc there chicken quesadilas are really tasty. Only reason they dont get 5 Star is their prices are too High. But hey it is on the las vegas strip so Wat do u expect? Complementary honey roasted peanuts in lounge is a plus. But heres my biggest tip. FRENCH TOAST AMBROSIA. sooooo gooood. Love the purple boisenberry (I think) syrup. Loaded with fruit. Orgasm in my mouth. Probably best french toast dish ive ever had. Layout of this restraunts pretty dope as well. Looks like whoever designed it was on shrooms. Lol. Cool place.
I've been here twice on two separate Vegas trips. For the first, I was hungover and looking for something heavy and tasty to calm my stomache, and for the second I was completely blitzed and practically falling asleep at the table. . . Both times, Peppermill gave me exactly what I needed: a giant cup of coffee, a huge plate of diner-style food, and a fun environment to eat in. The food wasn't stellar, nor wasit bad. It just hit the spot both times.. . This place may not be getting Michelin stars anytime soon, but it sure beats the hell out of eating watery eggs at Denny's at 4am.
I've been coming here since I was old enough to start visiting Vegas so this place has a lot of memories for me. (Sitting around the table with a bunch of friends at 4am digging into a MOUNTAIN of nachos.) .      Now I only get to visit once a year, since I no longer live just a few hours from Vegas. Some visits havebeen better than others for sure, but I don't think I've ever walked out unhappy. This time I had the Mediterranean omelet ($14), which was good and the creme brulee ($7), which was OK.. . The Good:. Not only was the omelet huge but more importantly it was good. There was plenty of pretty good quality shrimp and a fair dose of crab. The Hollandaise sauce was flavorful and complimented it well without taking away from the flavor of the shrimp and crab.. . The Bad:. The only complaint, and it's not a severe one, is the waitress didn't do a very good job of keeping up with our drinks. It was just bad enough to be annoying, not bad enough to be frustrating.. . The Indifferent:. The hash browns that came with the omelet were fairly unremarkable but I have to warn you, while I will eat them, I'm not a huge fan of hash browns so you might want to take my opinion on this with a little caution. .      While I don't really expect much from creme brulee, I have had a couple that I really savored. This one wasn't in that category, while it was good enough it wasn't any better or worse than the average.
What a great place to just hang out, relax with friends and people watch, a real throwback type place, lots of neon and mirrors, so tacky but done in a way that actually doesn't make it seem tacky.. . For some reason I think the place used to be darker, with the higher level of lighting it has lost a little bit of the "secret hideaway" atmosphere, but heck I like it and it isn't far to walk to get some good food.
Oh my!  HUGE portions.  Cool other side with fireplace and dark cool ambience.
During the fateful New Year's trip to Vegas, the Peppermill saved our lives time and time again simply by being the closest food source in the proximity of Circus Circus.. . Inexpensive and inoffensive. That's how I viewed the restaurant and food. It was early bird specials all over the place. The food might have glimpsed a spice rack in the distance while it was traveling to our table, but it didn't stop to say hello or mingle with anything flavorful. But really, when you're drunk and hungry, tastes get in the way of the  barnyard biological imperative to stuff yourself and soak up the booze.. . The waitresses were incredibly friendly, but seemed over-worked as they would accidentally abandon tables to time and history periodically. We recruited the woman hawking souvenir photos to find us someone capable of refilling our coffee and averted disaster that way.. . Go if you have time to kill and like bland diner food. Old white folks should love this joint.
The food is great & the portions are big. The food is a bit pricey but it is worth it. I love the trees in the inside, but our service wasnt the best & she messed up our order or I would have given it 5 stars.
I simply adore the interior! Love the colors and everything. I'm not sure why, it just speaks to me, I guess.. . WHAT WAS ORDERED:. Marco Polo Omelet. -- friend got this and I wasn't a big fan of it. . Fruit Fantasia Waffle. -- loved it :) especially the blue syrup that comes with it :D. . French Toast Ambrosia. -- similar to the Fruit Fantasia Waffle, except, it's French Toast :). . My friends and I all agree that they have huge portions. I don't think any of us has actually finished all our food! Haven't had any complaints about the service. You can split your bill within your party up at the counter.. . Will be back again soon :0).
how can you not love peppermill? portions are huge, quality is like diner food. funky retro interior is the real reason you go. my sister and I shared a club sandwich with onion rings and we still had food left over. so even though it seemed like a pricey sandwich it really was a ton of food. it can get very busy for late breakfast. i think they're open 24 hours and have a full bar. the servers are nice and pretty chill, especially if it's not busy.
Love the Ambiance,  Food was ok !! I think they need New Chef..Its like a Denny's... Defenitely can make more $$$ if menu's were change and make it more exciting... Like I said Place looks Great !!
This restaurant is so ... Vegas, in all good and tacky senses.. . THE ATMOSPHERE:. It feels like cheers bar for locals meets las Vegas disco ball. Homey, delicious, friendly.. . THE DECOR:. Being inside is like stepping direcrly into a neon lined disco ball. There is disco glass all over the pillars and ceilings, only to be distracted by the giant TV screens and neon lighting lining everything. There is a cool lounge in the back area, but we opted for the bustling brunch in the restaurant in the front. Think Denny's on a flamboyant gay cruise in the 80's and you kinda have Peppermill, except with fantastic food and gigantic portions.. . I fell in love with the decor big time. Each table is a booth, which I love, and has big leather couches. It's arranged so you aren't hidden, but each table has their own little alcove. Like a buncha totally-visible secret gardens or something. Maybe i say garden because there are giant fake trees throughtout, and flowers and vines at each table draping down from the ceiling. Also, big flamingo Tiffany's -esque lamps hover over each table with a full moon, making it almost seem like you're watching a flock of flamingoes grazing at night. It's almost peaceful. . . THE FOOD:. The coffee, so necessary after any 1/2-decent night out in Vegas, is Columbian and served in a big cup with free refills. All about it.. . My friends and I shared:. 1) Munch's breakfast, which was sauteed peppers, onions, and linguica sausage over hash browns with 2 eggs any way on top. It was good, and huge, but nothing to write home about.. 2) Maserati omelette - this is Meaty-tomato italian sauce, melted jack and cheddar cheeses, hasbrowns. Served with toast, a bagel, or a muffin. This was fantastic. I would never think that spaghetti sauce would pair well with an omelette, but this was excellent and worth ordering. . . With your meal comes a free 4x6 photo souveneir -- so cheezy, so Vegas, so perfect. I loved it and treasure it as a memory of that weekend.. . Finally, there's colored sugar. I know, whoopee, but it just tells you what kinda place this is. It's vegas. there are no rules. have fun and roll with it!. . In all, we spent $44 for 3 coffees and 2 breakfast meals and tip. A bit pricy but perfect for sopping up your last night and making you a functional human being again.. . Will definitely be adding this to my Vegas rotations.
We visit Vegas several times a year so we like to find new (to us) & interesting places to try.  In perusing Tripadvisor while sitting in the Firefly parking lot (our go-to place) we came upon Peppermill restaurant & decided to try it based on review of locals.  Oh my, what a trip.. . We drove up to this restaurant down toward the older part of the strip around 11:20AM on a Saturday  morning; there were people waiting outside.  We decided to try it anyway & went inside the where the hostess took our name for a 35 minute wait.  We went to check out the lounge - you MUST check out the lounge.. . Tacky might be a good adjective but fun tacky like a walk back into the 70s.  Neon lights, mirrors and silk/plastic florals & greenery throughout the darkened room illuminated with multiple tvs playing music videos from days past; seating is in semi-circular pit arrangements.  The bar was full with some patrons playing video poker while others just took in the scene.  The focal point of the lounge, however, is the step down fire pit with the flame glowing in the middle of a pool of water.  There was a guest of honor from a bachelorette party interestingly clad with various monetary units & mints hanging from her ensemble hamming it up two couples who wandered in with their 70's garb and took multiple "what happens in Vegas stays..." photos.  It was a free show!  Oh, the drinks were fine - my bloody Mary was a bit pricey but it did come in a hurricane glass (remember those?). . When our name was called for brunch - we were seated at a window booth (all booth seating).  The floral motif continued and was accompanied by tiffany style lighting.  We saw omelets the size of your head go by - and the line outside continued.  Since it was the noon hour by this time we chose to order sliders & pesto chicken sandwich from our waitress wearing a carhop type of getup (short skirt).  Both food orders were really good and accompanied by a copious pile of fries. . . Peppermill seems to be a local favorite but many taxis came through too.  The after noon timeframe brought in a younger set of patrons - the line had gotten a bit shorter but it would no doubt get longer as the late night crowd woke from their night of partying.  It's on our list for a return visit.
This place is a Vegas landmark!!!!  Great atmosphere and very clean for a 24 hr diner !!!!   5 stars on cleanliness!!!!  The Crab cakes are a must try,  cuz they were the favorite on our order  !!!!!! We also had a burger and was done pefecrtly !!!  Will come again to try breakfast items.
wow this place was poppin for a wed night! of course it was Valentine;s Day! After waiting 20 min finally got seated! the decor is retro cool- it is dark inside even in the day time - with pink tress and neon lighting. Overall it was clean and the service was good.. the portions are very large! I ordered the mushroom burger w onion rings (good enough for 2 girls that do not eat much lol ) . A guy came up and took our picture for free! . . i went to the other side and checked out the lounge which was SUPER trippy! bonfire water pits and more trees - the waitresses have on cool uniforms setting the scene . . If and when in Vegas - try it out!
Sometimes the service is really slow. It happens a lot when I come here. However, I love the food and I love the ambience. It's a great Vegas tradition for me. Late night, mid day it's all good.
The portions in this place are huge.  My wife got the Mediterranean omelet. It was big, looked like it was made with 8 eggs. The filling was just okay and so was the sun dried tomato sauce. The hashbrowns were great, crispy and seasoned well. . . I ordered the sausage scramble on top of hashbrowns with a cheese sauce.  The cheese sauce was fake and had an off color but actually tasted good with the eggs and hashbrowns.  The sausage and the ingredients in the scramble were really good. . . I would eat here again. Decent food for a diner.
This review is based on visiting their bar/lounge area.. I have not dined here.. . This place is fantastic on a date or better yet on a first date.. Atmosphere is dim. Truly romantic with the fire pit.. Service is great.. Drinks can be a little pricey, but what do you expect when you're not at a gaming table or slot machine getting them for free.. . The outside can be a little off putting as it looks like it's a Denny's or something.. . Weekdays can be just as busy as a weekend on some occasions.
Go around 8am for some seriously fantastic Vegas people-watching. None of whom, naturally, have even been to bed yet or are even remotely sober.. . The prices are a little steep (it's Vegas), but the portions are worth it and it's all quite yummy. Very solid biscuits & gravy (and it's a giant serving). The mimosas are also not only quite large, they're not mostly OJ!. . Seems to be a very popular Vegas staple and with good reason. I'd say it's a must-do for breakfast.
Despite a long walk from where we were staying, Peppermill was quite the epic feast with Kathleen W. and the birthday girl Ina S. + bf Alex P.. . When first entering, I could hear the "Awws" from the girls as they noted the neon lights, blossoming trees, and ambience inside. Definitely an old-school romantic diner type feel. Got seated at a booth and had a pretty hard time choosing between their menu ranging from Southern fried steak to breakfast foods to pasta. While deciding, we got our picture taken in the booth, whcih we got to keep - cute.. . Ended up ordering the following and definitely had to split up to the ginormous portions:. . -Seafood omelette: Even split two-ways between Kathleen W. and I wasn't enough to finish this. Filled with shrimp and crab, we wondered how many eggs went in this breakfast monster that could easily take up room in a cake box. Hashbrowns were not as great as I would have liked, but the taste of the omelette was just how I would have wanted it, with a good amount of hollandaise and cheese. . -Nachos appetizer: Mound of beans, carne, jalapeno, nachos, and real cheese that you can dip in guac and salsa - basically a heart attack ready to happen, but quite tasty while warm. . -Fish n chips: Not gonna lie, these were surprisingly good. Thick slices of cod and curly fries was a total win.. . -Mudslide: Delicious with real ice cream in there (much better than the pre-made stuff I usually blend). Girls said they could really taste a lot of alcohol, but I really just enjoyed it like a milkshake. . Super filling meal where less than 3 dishes almost exploded our tummies with awesome. A great way to end our Vegas weekend.. . *Note: Apparently if we would have told them it was our friend's b-day, we would have gotten a pretty large sundae, but we had difficulty moving ourselves afterwards, so probably a good idea that we didn't let that go to waste by telling them :P
Stopped by  here for a late night dinner. The portions are HUGE and I do mean huge, one plate could probably feed me for 2 days. I ordered the skewer, beef was a little dry but not bad. The Mai Thai I ordered was also in a big glass but tasty and they also serve breakfast all day long which was a plus.
I'm only reviewing the Fireside Lounge today as all I did was drink here. It's a very fun place to hang with friends. Red and Purple lights, a huge firepit and lush red sofa's to chill on with friends. The waitresses were dressed very classic in silky black dresses that I thought was a great touch to the experience of this place. Drinks are not the cheapest here but you are paying for the fun decor etc. I will be visiting this place again... they don't allow hats to be worn but besides that the dress code seems basic. The staff was cool with the wild crowd we had the night we were there and always behaved professional and fun.
Visited for lunch on a Saturday morning, July 7, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!). . Open 24 hours? Check.. "Interesting" decor that makes you feel walked through a wormhole into a 70s stripclub? Check.. American-sized portions? America, Fuck Yeah -- CHECK.. Indoor firepit? Check.. . As Damon H mentions, the food is "surprisingly very good."  The neon lighting may throw you off, but this place serves some solid grub.  It's on the North end of the strip (e.g. Wynn), so if you're staying in that area it's worth stopping by.  If you're on the South end (e.g. Mandalay Bay), it probably isn't worth enduring the shitty Strip traffic or taxi bill to get here... and if you are staying at one of the examples I listed, you're probably better off impressing your date with room service and possibly another round of drinks back at the room.. . The wait here can be a little lengthy though, but I don't think its as bad as Hash House... and if you are intent on getting here, it's probably best to take Koval Ln or Paradise Rd up to avoid the clusterfuck ;)
LOVED the Peppermill.  A friend had told me long ago that I needed to go here and I've been meaning to, but finally made it on this last trip.    SO worth it!  First of all, I think it's probably CRAZY on weekends because we were there on a Wednesday morning and there was a crowd of people... luckily only a 15 minute wait, though.  Perfect timing for us to head into the Fireside Lounge for a Bloody Mary!. . The Fireside is AWESOME.  It's so 70s Vegas... all shiny and neon.  There is a big fire and water element in the middle with couches around it in a circle.  Love it.  The Bloody Mary was huge, but not so strong.  I just totally loved the atmosphere and it was nice for us because it was also pretty empty, so we had the fire pit to ourselves.. . When they called our names, we were sat in a big booth and ordered our breakfast.  The husband had a French Dip and ordered the fruit as his side and WOW, it was a huge bowl of nice fruit, including a whole cut up banana, strawberries and melons.    Very nice. I was jealous.  I wanted to try a bunch of things so ended up getting scrambled eggs, hash browns and biscuits and gravy.  It was WAY too much food, so I only ate about a third of it.  The "three eggs side" was more like about 5 eggs.  The biscuits and gravy were good, but not great and a huge plate.  I think they should do a smaller version.  I wasn't that fond of the hash browns either.  Only the very top was crunchy and the pieces are just too big for hash browns.  But, otherwise, I enjoyed the food.  . . Our server was attentive and the food came out quick.  Cost for food was about $30, but I over ordered.  We really enjoyed our meal and the whole experience.  I definitely recommend a visit to the Peppermill!
Excellent food! Peppermill is on the Las Vegas Strip, and according to my parents it's been there for as long as they can remember. Every time we go to Vegas, it's become a tradition to go to Peppermill for breakfast. Their food is delicious and they have so many things to choose from-- they also have a bar for those who like to start off their day right. Last time I went, I had a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich and it was damn good! I've also had their omelets and pancakes before and those are great as well. The only thing that turns me off about Peppermill is waiting so long to be seated-- but hey, I guess that shows how popular of a place it actually is.
I came back after getting specific instructions from my friend 'Don't worry about the dining portion, go straight back to the bar/lounge area".  So I came back and did just that and it felt like I went into a time warp!. . They have the curved couches with pillows which are really comfy to enjoy a drink in that you might just fall asleep.  The main draw of the room is a water feature off to the side with a gas fire coming out of it.  . . The lights change colors and all the TV's are playing music videos (when is the last time you've seen a music video?).  While it sounds like it's almost a tacky environment, it really is cool and not dirty at all.  . . Experience wise, the waitresses have a tiny chair they come in sit down on to take your order.  They call you "doll" and a bunch of other retro names and then smoothly walk away their flowing black dress not far behind.. . Our friend billed the lounge portion as the "place you go to seal the deal" and I could tell there were many couples here.  Maybe not as cool as the Mandarin Bar, but the drinks are way more reasonable.
The reason I decided to come here was because I read that the portions were huge. I was hoping to come here when my group of friends and I were super drunk and needed a midnight snack. We ended up coming here for dinner.. . The portions are huge and the food was good, not amazing. Service was great too. The one thing I will remember and will go back for is the potato salad. I didn't order it, but my friend did as a side and rejected it because the waiter told him it was made with yogurt instead of mayo. I tried it and it was one of the best potato salads ever. That's the only reason why I gave this place 4 stars, otherwise it's ok. haha
What a fun place! You can play with the sugar on the table while you wait for your yummy food to come, plus theres a full bar to keep you going. The food is great and atmosphere is fun.
Enjoyed the food hugh portions for the resonable prices and the great service. Can I say clean no food on the floor tables clean no food on seats. I walked in got seated quickly, and my food within 10 minutes and it was rush hour lunch time. I meet the manager Peggy wonderful!! I recommend it go eat there you have nothing to lose and a great experience to gain. Love the lights inside....
I went back to Peppermill and took my cousin there around 9am.  We went there for breakfast and I had pancake combo (3 pancakes, 2 sausages, 2 bacons, and eggs). Boy, the pancake was huge and the whole meal was delicious.  The photographer comes around and take photos for free.  The 2 frames and photos are $20.00 which is a great deal.  By the time we finished there was a long line of people waiting for a table. I love this place.
the lounge area is so cozy and private. You must try the Scorpion drink it have you super buzzed lol.
Diner-lightful.  It is a must do for anyone visiting Vegas. Every time we go and there is a Peppermill virgin among us we all walk in and wait for the reaction.  The food is also tasty the drinks delish and the cocktail lounge after dinner is a must.  . . Not to mention the place runs 24 hours - which is a bonus!  Add it to your Vegas list and enjoy.
Think of this place like a Denny's with a sexy 80's attitude. . . It's basically a diner with vegas flair. When you walk inside it's dark, there's pink and purple neon lights and fake plates everywhere. It's usually packed but you won't have to wait long for a seat. The service is pretty quick, and the staff is nice. . . Food is great, large portions at a reasonable price. Exactly what you would expect from a diner. . . The lounge area of the restaurant is cool, it's got a very swingers vegas feel to it. Large velvet couches and a indoor fire set the mood for relaxing and making out haha. . . I didn't try any of their drinks but they looked like they had a nice selection of cocktails. . . All in all this is a fun place to go for late night drinks and food or morning breakfast or lunch. I'd be returning soon next time I'm in Vegas.
We visited The Peppermill for breakfast with my family. We wanted a place that was centrally located, and had good food at decent prices. We were not disappointed!. . None of us had been there before, so we made the mistake of ordering an entree each. Their servings are really big! I fill up fast, so I ended up taking more than half of my meal home. My aunt and I both ordered the Spinach and Feta omelette and I really enjoyed it. It had a good amount of feta cheese, which is a big deal to me. They serve it with potatoes and bread. I chose the blueberry muffin which was served warm. Yum!  . . My mom ordered the fruit plate and it was enormous. It included strawberries, grapes, honeydew, banana, cantaloupe, pineapple and watermelon. They also give you a small banana nut loaf with marshmallow cream. It was so good!  . . My grandma ordered the Pancake combo. It came with three large pancakes, three eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links. It was a very large entree. I should also mention that I really enjoyed the coffee here. . . All in all, it was a great and very filling meal. The service was really good as well. I'm sure we'll go back.
Stopped here for breakfast before my bf & I drove back home.. I'd never heard of this place before, and never really seen it before even though it's so close to the Strip. My bf said he's been coming to this place for years so I guess for those that know about it, it's a legend. . . Why would anyone bother going to Denny's when you can go to the Peppermill?! . Food was super fresh, I had a veggie omelette that was gigantic and perfectly fluffy. It seriously had to have been made with at least four or five eggs. Sadly I couldn't finish it, especially since it also came with toast and I got fruit instead of potatoes. Mind you, this was good fruit, not just some grapes and a slice of melon. It was more like a mini fruit salad along with all the other food! . . I must say, I have a special place in my heart for the kind of gaudy decor (fake plants and pink flamingo lamps) that awaits you at The Peppermill. The waitresses all wear cute little outfits and are super friendly, seemed like they've probably worked here since it opened.. Apparently there's also a nice fire pit in the other room, which I didn't get a chance to see. It's open 24-hours too so, of course, I am a fan. Can't wait to come back next time I'm in town and I'd love to see what they have for dinner...
First time here- thisplace is really swanky- think back to the movies you'd see in the 70's that were Vegas style! We came for breakfast and it was really good, diner style setting, good price and good service. We will be back for sure, they are popular so a bit of a wait, 40 minutes or so but worth it. Be sure to check out the fireside lounge...SWANKY!
First time visiting this restaurant & I gotta say it is good!  Had chorizo & eggs plate & my bf had  eggs over easy dish, they were both good, will definitely go back.
This is the best place to go after the club. The food is pretty good. Not the the best but it works when your intoxicated. Lol
I love coming here drunk.. . Decor is 1990's strip club... which is a plus in my book.. . Food is good too. I like seing all the industry people here
THIS IS VEGAS!. . Open 24 Hours. Large portions of food for small prices. Slot machines. A bar. Drunk people at 3am. Crowded. Always dark in here . Drunk people at 3pm. . What more could you ask for?. . Vegas may have grown and evolved but this place stays the same. I have eaten here many times over the years. Recently I stopped in for breakfast and met Mary the night manager. I could not believe how nice she was considering all of the crazy drunk people she has to deal with during those hours. . . I stopped in to grab a carry out menu but they were out of them. Mary grabbed me a real menu and a pencil and paper so I could write down my order for the next day. I told you she was nice.  I called the next morning to place my order and Mary remembered me. I did a veggie omlette but I went all Sally from "Harry met Sally" on them. I went egg whites, no salt, no mushrooms and substituted to Swiss cheese.  Yeah I was that pain in the butt special order guy. I even asked for crispy hash browns. Mary took my order on the phone and even read it all back to me. She also told me my food would be ready in 10 minutes. . . I was finishing my run and headed over to grab my food. I was amazed at how fast I was able to get my food. Mary even went out of her way to get my hash browns really crispy. I saw her giving a little shout towards the cook. You go Mary!. . My food was really hot and there was tons of it. I actually couldn't eat it all and saved half of it in my hotel fridge. Hey it's a desert out here, so food hoarding is acceptable here!  Everything was great. The hash browns were really rich.  I think they were cooked in butter. Mmmm...butter!!! I did have to use a few napkins to soak up the oil spill. The omlette was cooked perfectly but again it was huge. Big enough for two people to share. So keep that in mind when you eat here!. . If your looking for an old school Vegas food place, then this is it. There is nothing left like it on the strip. So enjoy this place while it lasts because before you know it Trump or Wynn are gonna drop a Casino on top of it!
It was back to The Peppermill to introduce another couple to this fine bastion of casual Vegas dining.  This time I enjoyed good and zesty Tomato Basil Soup, followed by my favorite combination of a BLTA on lightly toasted Sourdough Bread, and Potato Salad.  The BLTA was once again scrumptious, with very flavorful bacon and the freshest chunks of avocado, ripe tomato, and crisp lettuce.  The homemade Potato Salad was smooth and creamy, featuring al dente disks of potato.  And, as usual, it was a huge side.  . . Service was very good and efficient.  But no room existed for a Hot Fudge Sundae this night!
Awesome place! Some things could use some cleaning up a hit but still a classic hit. Ohhhh and please put a better music video in already that's up to date sheesh!
I have been here a few times and always for breakfast.  Needless to say on those days, I did not need to eat lunch!  HUGE portions at a reasonable price.  Great place to come after a bender.  Will go back next time I am in Vegas!
A Vegas classic still going strong. Form the good food at reasonable prices and the ambiance. Makes you feel like your in the past. This is a must try place if your looking for a little bit of old Vegas in a new Vegas time.
Pretty goo, and quick stop for some latenight fun
I don't do drugs. But if I did, this would be my restaurant of choice while in Vegas. It looks like a box of demented crayons teamed up with a glitter-pooping unicorn to stop the invasion of Barney the dinosaur.. . Four stars.
Always great breakfast options. lots of food for the value and the waitstaff is usually on point as well. all in all a great 24 hour diner that hasnt disapointed in early am...
Doesn't count as a Vegas trip unless you come here. HUGE portions, extensive drink menu and over-the-top decor. LV at its finest!
Wow. Who would have thought there would be a good decent price breakfast place by the strip. True gem located right next to the Riviera Hotel. (: Does big portions and good prices reel you in? . . My fiance and I were craving brunch but somewhere cheap and not overpriced (like most places on the strip). I'm actually surprised he found this place because it's not one of the first things to pop up. Anyways we came here around 10:30AM on a Friday and it was pretty busy. . . The scenery totally draws you in. It's dark with neon purple blue lights running with fake trees and plants. Totally unexpected, but it was nice.  Even the table had some colorful sugar! You can always ask for plain sugar though. (:  Oh and the seats are all mostly booth seats. Yay. . . The food. Wow. Seriously. Did I mention big portions? My boyfriend got one of their specialty omelettes and I got the Belgium Waffle (can I be anymore boring?). Anyways, the omelette came in a huge plate with depth, and 3 slices of toast. Big. Filling. Delicious. I wish I had gotten an omelette. Belgium Waffle. So crisp and so fluffy. Minus the fact I had to scoop off the huge amount of butter on it since I forgot to ask for it on the side. Yea presentation of the food may not be the best, but at least you know you're getting the best for your dollar. (:. . Service. The lady at the front was so nice! She starts conversation and attends to you ASAP. The waitresses wear these old school uniforms, and work fast. So you can expect to get your food quickly. . . I'll be coming back here for breakfast/brunch if I stay on the strip. Better than waiting in line at those over priced brunch/breakfast places on the strip.
Good food, very 80s, large portions, excellent service!
I'm giving it 4 stars because they have the balls to hang on to the outrageous interior with the neon lights and the mirrors and the purple/pink/blue/black color scheme. Also because they serve a delicious 16 ounce bone-in ham steak. They throw it on the grill to give it some char and it kills anything you'd get at IHOP or Denny's. . . I guarantee you won't see waitresses in Von Trapp family costumes and cocktail servers in black prom dresses back home, noble tourist. You won't be able to wait for your breakfast table while drinking a tequila sunrise and seated in a smoky lounge on a red velour sofa in front of a small lake of fire, either. You can even cure a hangover here.. . If you want a taste of "old Vegas" at breakfast, just go.
Delicious diner food! The coffee was okay, but the food was great! As previously stated, the portions are huge. My sister and I read up on the place beforehand so we knew to share. :) We ordered an omelet, which was *so* good, and ONE pancake - which was also yum.. Don't be afraid to accept the free photograph you are offered while you are waiting/eating! It *is* free. You can buy a couple paper frames if you want them. We did! And then gave it to my mom as a souvenir. :). Since we went in for breakfast, on the way out, we went into the bar area just to see the fireplace. Pretty cool! They let us take photos and walk around.
Talk about feeling some of that Vegas history. I am shocked that it took me this long nearly twenty years later from the day moved too Vegas too eat here. Still have found memories of that part of the strip so underdeveloped. All of sudden see small strip mall and all these neon lights. Not just lights talk about vibrant colors and ones that flash in and out. I remember the sign out front had even more personality but notice thats gone. =( Thankfully the restaurant still stands. It almost landmark of sorts knowing the history of the place combine with some of that Vegas style all its own. Really who would think place big fire pit right in the middle of the bar/lounge right next too the restaurant. Someone walking around asking if you want free pictures with The Peppermill as background. The diner style food breakfast, lunch, or dinner at anytime. The bright colors the waitress have on. Too all the trees (think fake) inside makes you feel like walked into another world. NO disneyland but one of those things see Vegas could drum up and pull off. . . I ended up getting the maserati omelette. Not like motherload of omelettte. It was smothered with lot of goodies. The best part was the meat sauce over the top of it combine with the egg and loaded filling. I barely finish half of it. It came with tasty hash browns. I enjoyed most was the nice crispy brown on the outside but yet moist on the inside. Along with your omelette get choice of bread or muffin. I went with the blueberry muffin. Nothing too rave about but still was good. Again huge muffin. My friend also had omelette. Seeing twins just as big. No doubt getting value on the strip here at The Peppermill. . . I would could come back again! =))
I eat at the peppermill almost once a week - I would give the food 3 stars because it is average all around. The atmosphere gets 5 stars and makes it a must visit when coming in to Las Vegas. Stop in have a drink and share your meal with a friend!
3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the ambiance, so 4 stars overall.  This place is retro, but in a good way.  Crazy colors and wait staff dressed in old school uniforms, it's definitely a place to check out at least once if you're in Vegas.  This place does an all day breakfast, and their portions are serious.  The ham steak is literally the size of a large dinner plate, and they grill it so that it gets some great flavor!  Their hash browns are great too, and they use real potatoes!  And I like that they use shredded potatoes that they griddle the heck out of, because I like my hash browns crispy.  And for those that want/need a drink in the morning, maybe to recover from the night before, they have a full bar from the lounge next door that you can order from.  Overall, fun place to go, whether for food, drinks, or just the atmosphere.
Anything you order from this small jewel located in a big city is absolutely delicious! Great for satisfying a big appetite, or sharing a dish. The serving portions are huge.....Tasty & Huge, now you can't beat that!
We came here one slow July morning on our trip to Vegas and we were pleasantly surprised.  When we walked in we were greeted by a 70s style motif.  I felt like I should be in scene from Pulp Fiction.  Once we were seated in our booth (which was vinyl with glitter embedded in it) our waitress promptly got us water and coffee.  The coffee was standard diner stuff.  I ordered pancakes, eggs, potatoes, and sausage which was all very well and good but nothing groundbreaking.  My wife ordered the fruit plate and that is where the magic happened.  This fruit plate was HUGE!!!  So big, in fact, that we took about half of it back to our hotel and ate it with a bagel for the following breakfast the next day.  It had strawberries, kiwi, oranges, apples, cantaloupe, watermelon, and probably other stuff too.  I would definitely recommend coming here if you are ever staying at the north end of the strip in Vegas.
A definite stop while on Vegas! Make sure you go hungry, portions are large. Big enough to share. Very friendly waitresses. We sat at the counter and got a good look at everything going out. Everything looked amazing!
I really enjoy this restaurant, it just has this great vibe, service and food.  So, my friend has never been here, so we decide to take a morning walk from the middle of The Strip to here (great walk). We were promptly greeted and sat, then offered drinks all in a non-rushed and very friendly manner. My friend ordered the waffles with bacon, sausage and eggs  and I got the biscuits and gravy. Both great dishes for breakfast. As soon as our food arrived, my friend fell in love with my meal. Bite from hers, a bite from mine. Our server was very attentive, not overbearing, always the perfect time to check on us. There was a moment when I excused myself to  leave the table and upon my return, noticed she devoured most of my meal!! we laughed and I ate part of hers. The meal was so good she was making plans to come back again tomorrow. Peppermill you just made another loyal fan.
if you want large portions, this is your place!  The neon was about as cheesy as it gets, which I loved!  . . If you have a hard time making decisions (like me), this place can be overwhelming because the menu is HUGE.. . The hash browns....wow! yum!
Another nice surprise on our road trip. Had the pear, cranberry, walnut salad and it was very tasty. This was the salad where you got a bite of something good every time. They were not stingy with the portion. Hubby had thePhilly cheesesteak and good portion of filling to bread. Waitress was attentive and smiling all the time. Glad we went at 5pm, the place filled up with people waiting by the time we finished our meal. Looks like a popular local spot. It was $32 with a soda and ice tea.  Today is 9/22/2013. This could almost be rated a 5.
Located near Ross. Soo true about the decor looking like the 80s threw up in there. Bar with fireside pit accompanied by water. The restaurant itself has the whole diner vibe going on. While waiting for 50 mins we drank some mimosas (tasty) :D doesn't disappoint. The french toast collage was good but nothing out of the norm. The swiss and mushroom burger was huge and it was quite juicy. The waitress we had was friendly and prompt. Theres a little jar that has colorful sugar crystals on the table. The bacon was so crunchy and it was good quality bacon lol. Not that cheap clear bacon. Eggs were ordered over well and they got it just right! Definitely a must try when visiting Vegas!. . Oh and btw they take and give you a complimentary picture :D
When I am on vacation I love to eat at places I can't eat at home. I Googled good restaurant on the Strip and this came up high up there and I was excited to see it wasn't real expensive.  On our first visit as we pulled up I was nervous because it kind of looked like a dive, but the place is nice and clean and has a very nice staff. The food is awesome. We ordered a Fruit salad to start and it was sooo big and super yummy!  It was so big we took half back to our hotel and ate it in the morning for breakfast, and it still tasted great.  We really enjoyed our dinner that we ended up going back 3 times the week we stayed in Vegas. Everything we tried we liked.  Told everyone I know that goes to Vegas often they must try it on their next trip.
The food is like Denny's. Lets get that out of the way first. Nothing new is going to hit your palette. The atmosphere and people watching are divine. A Vegas landmark well worth the hike or deuce ride if your reading this a 2:00 a.m.  Busy and fun.
Pleasant surprise located right of the strip. . . The inside lounge area is slightly majestic, and colourful. Cocktail prices are similar to all bars / casinos on the strip though I noticed a considerable difference in the portions sizes. One example would be the nearly triple shot premium bloody mary I ordered was taller and stronger than any restaurant I previously ordered from that week. Additionally, the rum & coke I ordered was considerably larger and a lot more affordable. I do also appreciate the lounges efforts to maintain a consistent appearance from its patrons (e.g. no hats inside the lounge). . . Inside the diner there is a multitude of options listed on their menu, my choice was the mediterranean omelet. Being very fond of seafood, I was pleasantly surprised to see a giant omelette with crab / shrimp topped with Old Bay hollandaise sauce listed on the menu. The omelet itself is not for the faint of heart or small stomached! This TEN egg omelet (which I wasn't aware of until it was brought to our attention after I nearly ate the whole thing) was packed with micro shrimp and some crab meat, but was the most fluffy omelet I've ever ate. . . The customer service was quick, fast and friendly - 4 stars.
There are many ways to do Vegas. One of the classic experiences is the all-nighter. It can be tough to pull off but with the right group of people, endurance and pacing the best all-nighters end at the Peppermill. There you can get that last drink at the lounge in a neon faux jungle setting, lounging next to a firepit/fountain. Get one one the giant girly drinks like the scorpion, or grab a bloody mary or irish coffee. The pours are good and drinks really round out the night.. . Then walk to the attached diner to get a greasy spoon breakfast to ward off that hangover. After it's all said and done it's on to an iconic Vegas moment, a blinking, eye shielding stumble into the morning light to a waiting cab. Rest, recover and go again.
I do love the PepperMill! I have to say on the last outing here the portion size of the salads has diminished quite a bit. My husband and I usually split a salad they are so big, but not this time.. . I love this place, it is like an 80's throwback, lot's of glitz and glamour, and all the PerrpeMills I have ever been to are exactly the same. ((Bay Area included)). . . The fireside lounge is pretty cozy as well (same as it ever was) a bit of an icon, nothing like a froo froo drink and some appetizers in front of a fire (in Vegas the fire place is not really a requirement) but it makes you think it might be really cold outside (which in Vegas is rare).. . If you are visiting Vegas, this is a restaurant you should visit, I mean it is on the strip, and the food is good, lot's on the menu, the people watching is fantastic (I love to people watch). Interesting folks here and the pricing is reasonable ((I did mention it is on the strip right?))
Been coming here since I was a kid. That's 40 years folks. My mom, huge Vegas goer that she was, loved the place.  It's a tradition.  Every Vegas trip includes a meal at The Peppermill.. . I don't think it's really changed all that much over the years and that's cool. Same great food, same big portions, same good service, and same ultra tacky Vegas decor.  Awesome.. . Versatile. That's what The Peppermill really is. Open 24 hours. So, whether you're dining at the traditional "breakfast, lunch, dinner" hours or it's 3:30 am and you have to pool your money with your buddy because you lost big; the place hits.. . All of their fare is good. Never have had a bad meal or service here.  . . I hope I never have to utter the words, "Remember The Peppermill in Vegas?" . . Go. Trust me.
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! Huge portions, but does not lack on quality. Service is good, although when busy lacks. Vegas institution.
The portion here is really big. My friends and I had the steak salad, the chicken noodle soup, and southwest chicken salad. We didn't finish all of it and had to to go the rest. The sitting area is very nice, I love the cherry blossom trees that they have in the middle of the room. I really like this place.
wonderful restaurant! the atmosphere really adds the charm to a diner done Vegas style! and the wait staff is super attentive. . . food was excellent and are served in incredibly large portions, walked away very full!. . didn't get a chance to check out the bar area, but definitely next time. . . my only qualm about this place is the crazy wait! I think because this place is so hyped up and the food is good, more people tend to gravitate at the usual meal times. I think next time we'll try going at a time that isn't so busy. and since this place is twenty four hours, I definitely seeing another trip in the near future!
Awesome place for breakfast!   We got there around 9:00am and it was busy but they sat us immediarely.  I had the veggie omlette with home fries, delicious and huge.   If you're into Bloody Mary's, try theirs.   Its only $9, it's made fresh and it was really good.
It's time for a nightcap before parting ways. Fireside is suggested. Indoor firepit?? Check. Cozy lounge? Check. Food and dranks! Check and check! . Seriously, I've always heard of the Peppermill but I had no idea what it was exactly. This spot. the Fireside lounge is located within the Peppermill and it is SAWEEEEEEET!! I think it's my new favorite spot! I LOVED the little love seats surrounding the firepit and how CHILL it was. It's 24 hours so I hear it gets crazy later on but it was a Monday night when I was there, about 11pmish. We ordered ribs and a quesadilla, I had a Dreamcicle too which was DELICIOUS! i'm not a rib fan but HE is and he LOVED the ribs. I thought the quesadilla was pretty tastey even though it had issues staying together. Whatever. . This spot is super cooooooooooooool. Can't wait to go back! . . . P.S. They have regular and reverse HH daily.
This place had the feel of old Hollywood Vegas! . . The whole time I was there I felt like frank Sinatra, Hugh Hefner or dirk diggler were gonna walk out of the lounge. The blue carpet, oversized chairs, plush hot pink pillows by a firepit felt so 1970s. I almost felt like I should have had on bell bottoms and platform shoes. The waitresses were dressed in overall miniskirts with a mini hat and feathered hair. Classic!. . My favorite spot in the whole restaurant was the lounge. The sunken fire pit with oversized couches was a great decor. The bad thing is if you drink too much and sit by the fireplace you will definitely pass out from the heat, it was unbearable. I ordered a mimosa and my girlfriend ordered a Bloody Mary. The drinks were large and filled with alcohol, well worth the money. . . If you eat at this restaurant make sure you order light or plan on sharing. These meals are hearty. They serve breakfast lunch and dinner all day long.. . If you're ever in town make sure you stop at the Peppermill you will feel like you just went back in time.
Enjoyed 2meals there , one as soon as we checked into hotel at 11:30 pm  , went back for breakfast two days later ,sat at counter oversize portions , good food, excellent SERVICE the two women running the front great job. We are food service veterans from Jersey and appreciate quality
An unassuming (and frankly unpromising) edifice by Rodeway Inn and Riviera, which Aria/Vdara bellman described as "shady and sketchy," with excellent, fresh and  affordable food in portions which make abundantly clear why 5 out of 10 of the leading causes of death in America are obesity-related. See HBO Weight of a Nation for a compelling and devastating account of this epidemic. . . That said, the food is tremendous. I sat at the counter alone, waiting for a new friend to pick me up on the day of the marathon (which never came to pass due to the 2-10PM closure of the Strip). I recommend sitting at the counter whether you are alone or with one other person. . . The grilled chicken salad with a half avocado is enough to feed a family of four. They have salads, sandwiches (the club sandwich was beautiful), omelets made with 12 eggs (Maserati is popular) and onion rings which looked life-changing. . . Everything is fresh and beautifully prepared. . . Service is great but be prepared for 30 or more minute wait for lunch or breakfast. . . For those watching bill, this is a great choice for breakfast, lunch or dinner . It's open 24 hours and serves three meals all day. . . They have silly tropical cocktails which I didn't try. . . I was a bit adventurous and tried a salad with pear-cilantro vinaigrette which I didn't like. It was far too sweet. The chicken and blue cheese very good but I was in agonizing pain from being out with my luggage and unable to reach Vdara. . . It reminds me a bit of Esau's in Santa Barbara at roughly the same price point.. . Men (or lesbians) will enjoy the outfits: it's kind of a Jamie Lee Curtis Trading Places Heidi get-up. . . P.S. I didn't go to the fire pit but everyone seems to enjoy that.
It was great to walk from the mammoth hotels on The Strip to The Peppermill. The atmosphere was clean, relatively smoke-free, and the food was reasonably priced - especially considering the generous portions. We visited for breakfast between 8:30 - 9:00 am and the initial wait service was just a bit delayed considering the restaurant was at less than full capacity. However, the food came out in a very timely manner, hot and tasty! The other patrons provided great entertainment, especially, the mature woman who asked her wait person if the food they served was 'real' - it takes all kinds! If you're from the Midwest and are used to hometown diners with great food at a reasonable price, The Peppermill will not disappoint.
I love this place.  It never changes and is so classic Vegas.. Its lit up like an old Vegas casino, but no gaming.  Just great food.. The Omelettes are outstanding.. Coffee is typical breakfast joint and the wait staff are really good.. Food comes out pretty fast for a place this busy.. We'll be back.
Items Selected:. Coffee. Ambrosia French Toast, No melon, with whip. Carrot Cake. . Rarely one to stay out late and certainly not the sort to do so while drinking heavily only to find myself craving greasy food at 3:00am I'd be lying if I suggested the iconic Peppermill had ever interested me as more than a sort of Las Vegas curiosity and yet with a 12-mile run and a few donuts from Ronald's already under my belt it was with a 'what the hell' smile that I entered the neon-lit space with mirrored ceilings just as the cops arrived to deal with an unruly inebriated couple who were refusing to pay their tab.  Featured in everything from CSI to Showgirls and featuring a 24/7 menu of everything from breakfasts and burgers onward to acclaimed nachos and desserts plus a setting quite unlike any other with drunken creatures of the night in all sorts of disarray it was clear on entering the space that it was I who was the novelty and requesting a table for one while using proper manners I was seated quickly, greeted immediately thereafter, and provided with superlative service throughout my 55 minute and 5 cup of coffee (plus one for the road) stay.  Certainly not 'gourmet' or 'artisan' but wholly satisfying for both 'dinner' and 'show' my order would consist of only two items and electing for the carrot cake as an appetizer while my main course was prepared I was happy to find a modest slice of high quality placed before me, the dense body not overly sweetened but instead nutty and aromatic with a thin layer of cream cheese icing adding a tangy sweetness without overwhelming - a balance I neither expected nor received with the decadent pile of custard-laden egg bread that followed complete with fresh fruits, whipped cream, and warm syrup...exactly the sort of thing I imagine I'd crave after a night of drinking...or after an early morning run...or when I was 8 years old...or 25 years later.
Really amazing service- and great bloody mary's.  I really like the fireside lounge.  It is hot in there though, so be prepared :).  I'm so glad this iconic place is still open.  We had a great time.
This is a nice place for an affordable meal that won't disappoint. Don't expect too much. The place offers generous size portions at a great price. If you are looking for a fancy place this is not the place for you. And BTW the service was good
Recommended by our hotel upon check in.  We had a long day of traveling and didn't want to bother searching for a place, so we went with the recommendation.  I am glad we did. It was what I pictured when it comes to Vegas diner. The food was good, wait staff, friendly.  Would go back.
