Decided on a gelato pit stop. If you see an old man manning the station, move on and come back. It appears he doesn't know how to multi-task with the LONG line of people at the counter.. . We came back and no line! The younger Asian guy took our order:  2 scoop gelato with chocolate mint and caramel hazelnut ($5). . . It satisfied the sweet tooth before the big dinner for the evening. They had lots more selection, but the lines were too long. They had displays everywhere of interesting looking creations. They were amazing!!!
This bakery shop has more selection than Payard and Bouchon and is a good place for a substantial after-dinner dessert. They serve delicious smelling crepes, have at least two dozen gelato flavors, and a medley of elegant desserts. I had the fruit tart (sugar free!), which was on par with the ones you get at Whole Foods.  I wish I got the gelato because they give you a very generous 2 scoops for $5 (best deal of all the gelato places I checked out in Vegas). The mint chip and peanut  brittle were delicious. Another plus: a large seating area.
Chocolate pasteries are delicious.  Crepes are nicely prepared and not overcooked which could be prepared as a desert or entree.  This location is not as busy the one in Belagio during the time I stayed in Aria.  It is conveniently located for those that are staying in Aria.  Location is not to far from the elevators from the rooms.
LOVED IT!  I love desserts and this place is great for it.  The pasty is light and fluffy and buttery and just YUUUUUM!!!!  The bf even liked it here and that's hard to get for a dessert place.  I can't say much more aside from the fact that I wanted to try EVERYTHING here...  definitely be back when I visit vegas again.
I've been here twice and they have never disappointed me.  The decorations are so pretty with all the beautiful cakes displayed.  The gelato flavors are to die for.  I love green tea. It is my favorite.  A scoop of gelato (you can choose two flavors) is around $5.  They also sell crepes.  Crepes range from $6 to $10.  I got the Berry crepe and it was good. It was nice and hot.  They also sell salads, sandwiches, chocolates, dessert cakes, and pastries.  The iced coffees and lattes are a bit over priced. . . I would not go here all the time, but when I vegas, I will make an effort to stop by.
Jean Philippe is in a somewhat odd location within Aria....  right at the edge of the casino floor.  With the "bad" out of the way, here are my thoughts:. . The service was polite, friendly, and knowledgable.. . You have GOT to try the white chocolate mocha....  Y-U-M!  The gelato can be summed up in one word:  Orgasmic!
enjoyed everything, even the coffee.
This place may be a little pricey but the food is done with such precision and care that it is almost too artistic to eat. They have a large arrangement of cakes, tarts and other desserts as well as savory items like croissants. The ham and cheese croissant was so perfect for my hangover state. Rich buttery, warm and flakey. Put a nice comfort in my stomach. Only criticism is everything is pre-made then reheated. Would have loved to try it straight out of the oven.
I love their chocolates! My bf brought me the ballotin 12-piece box ($24) from Vegas. He handpicked the truffles, squared bonbons, and the chocolates from their fruit collection. Every piece that I had was delicious. I especially loved the crunchy pralines, earl gray, grand marniere truffle, mango passion and blueberry filled chocolates (though be warned that the fruit filled ones are runny and messy). Jean Philippe(including its chocolate fountain) is on my must visit list the next time I head to Vegas!
My bakery choice in Vegas was Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Aria. There is a second outlet at the Bellagio, but this location is bigger. This is not just a bakery though. You can find an array of things here including chocolates, gelato, sandwiches, desserts and pastries. An all out attack on your wallet.. . Stuck to the pastry options here as I was in a hurry. I had an almond brioche ($3.95), a sticky bun ($3.95) and a package of sable diamants cookies ($6). On the strength of the first two items, these are two of the best pastries that I have ever had.. . The almond brioche here is a circular item, unlike other places in which it takes a popover form. The softness of the pastry was like bread pudding. A lot of vanilla flavor going on here with a liberal amount of almond pieces on top.. . The sticky bun on the other hand takes more of a hardworking approach. It is pretty massive with a lot of cinnamon flavor to it. I have been searching for a great sticky/cinnamon roll and found it here. Too bad that it is 800 something miles away.. . As for the sable diamants. These were okay. These look like shortbread cookies, but the flavor in these is very restrained. For a cookie made with dark chocolate, pistachio, vanilla, cocoa and coffee it is missing a sweetness to them.. . Aside from the cookies, this is a patisserie worth seeking out in Vegas. The two pastries convinced me that JP is on another level compared to the majority of the bakeries that I have tried.
I didn't give the place 5-stars because I reserve 5-stars for establishments that are perfect in what/who they cater to, and the excellence they do it in.. . The desserts here are made by a chef who was crowned basically the world's best pastry chef in the 1990s, and took up residency with the MGM giant here in Vegas.. . I saw someone post here about getting lunch.  Okay, you do NOT get lunch here.  You get desserts, small snacks, and other small things.  No wonder you rated it badly.  If you go to a Starbucks and expect steak and lobster, will you give it 2-stars?  Jeez, come to my Chinese restaurant and I swear if ask for foie gras, I will spit in your food.. . The pastries are great.  Some of the tastes take some time getting accustomed to, probably because they are quite bold in flavor.  They also had vanilla flan which was pretty interesting.  Too bad though, my mom makes them better.. . For a date, this may be a mediocre place to go to for desserts.  For a true epicurean, for whom Jean Philippe went to La Chambre de Metiers for, this is THE place for desserts.  If you want a cake, I know that you have to meet with their cake specialist ahead of time to order one.  They are MUCH more expensive than Freed's Bakery, but well worth the money.. . Other than that, they have a great selection, so whatever you're feeling like, they should have something in store.  The pieces are somewhat pricey though, so restrain yourself ;)
You don't need another yelp review telling you that the pastries here are amazing. There's 234873293 other reviews to tell you that. The reason I like THIS Jean Phillipe over the Bellagio one is that this one actually has place for you to sit and enjoy these before mentioned amazing pastries. I like how they have places for you to sit and chit chat or people watch over the casino. The Bellagio Jean Phillipe didn't think it through. The pastries are bomb but SUPER rich. I have a ginormous sweet tooth and I still couldn't finish my creme brulee. Speaking of which, don't order the creme brulee. I am a creme brulee purist, and this one instead of burning the top layer of sugar, separated the custard with a piece of white chocolate and then put a layer of the flan-type caramel on top. You get the same "crack" of a proper creme brulee, without the yummy burnt pleasure. Me no likey! In fact, it was quite disappointing. I hate to say it, but even the creme brulee at Yardhouse is better!
Yum yum yum, this is definitely s great place to stop if u want to get your sugar fix! Great Creppes and you can add a scoop of icecream for 2bux!. . Wird how the ppl working here are not friendly at all, no greeting with a smile... I wonder if being around sugar and icecream all day is the side effect?... Ya I don't think so either.
Nutella brioche...sinful.  An almond something... perfect.  Bran muffin...tasty.   Coffee.... good.  Pricey.... but worth it.
Went to the one in Aria and had a quick lunch of prosciutto panini and cobb salad. Very high quality ingredients and portions are the right size.
Holla! I'm not a fancy smancy type of foodie when it comes to sweets but this place almost made me to be. I stayed at the Aria for a weekend and walked by Jean Philippe, only to see crowds of people in line in the store or at the actually bakery next to it. Because we only wanted a small, quick bite before the Viva Elvis show, we decided to try Jean Philippe since we saw people dining on sandwiches and salads.. . We ordered the basil pesto chicken panini for me and the ham panini and good lawd, I think I ate the best sandwich on earth. The basil pesto chicken panini wasn't a humongous sandwich filled with loads of greasy fillers. You could tell they put care in their ingredients and how it's presented to you. The bread was lightly toasted and the overall flavor of the sandwich was delicious and not over "pesto'd". My date's ham sandwich was "delicious" for a ham sandwich that he thought would be a typical sandwich but he said they flavored the ham in some way  to bring flavor out. . . After watching people tempt us with their crepes and other desserts as they walked by, we decided to try some of their desserts. We tried the tiramisu which came in a little square shaped container and looked beautiful enough for a photo! The first bite had a savory cocoa, vanilla bite followed by a thin, spongy layer of cake. Thinking I had enough, I saw there was over a half portion left in the little container. That says savory!. . After a flan (which wasn't too great I hate to say) and a delicious espresso, we were off to our show. But one things for sure, next time we come to Vegas, this place will be a must stop for us!
While relatives were chowing down at the $14.99 breakfast buffet at Flamingo, hubby and I were sharing a warn fresh mixed berry crepe ($8.50) and two big cups of really good coffee at Jean Phillippe with a total bill of just about $15.00  So, about half as much per person for cost as the buffet and we'd say ten times as much deliciousness in the food.. . This Jean Phillippe location still has the stand in line to order, pick it up at the counter and carry it out or to your table format of its' older sibling location in Bellagio.  But this location just off thecasino floor at Aria  also has more tables at which to sit in the space and seemingly more savory food choices and a much bigger pre-packaged retail sweets area.  And a nod to Yelp friend Richard S for the heads up that this is a universally accessible location. . . Crepes are not usually one of my favorite things, something about the texture,  but  I relied on other Yeeps' reviews to underscore that they were a good breakfast choice at Jean Philippe.  I thought fond thoughts about those Yeeps as we ate because the warm mixed berry crepe was really yummy and plenty for two smaller breakfast eaters to share.. . On another day I might come back here to try gelato from the extensive selection in the sparkling case. Although perhaps not the quiche or other savories as the women sitting on each side of us left quiche and sandwich uneaten, saying each was a little soggy and that they wished they'd picked the crepe instead.  . . The drawback at this location is that while the process of where to stand to order what is crystal clear at the Bellagio store, it seemed a little unclear here on the first visit to the busy Aria location.  Next time we'll know that a) the entry on the right is for seating or exit from seating, b) the middle entry is for ordering food from the glass enclosed food and pastries counter or for making a right turn to walk to seating and c) the entry on the left is for the gelato, crepe and coffee bar as well as the packaged goodies retail display. (Footnote:  If the crepe counter is closed, order crepes at the coffee counter and go back to the crepe counter to pick them up.  At least that was the drill on the day of our visit.). . Now you know if you go.  And we recommend you go.  Almost anything is luscious, but we suggest the crepes of any kind.. . .
Desserts are too damn pretty to eat!. . Take a picture and enjoy.
Service was ehhh cuz they gave my friend a lot of trouble to get a cup of coffee that she never received. The lady pretty much told her "Are you sure you don't see the cup of coffee? It should be there." Yea, like she wouldn't  have known if she was carrying a hot cup of coffee...Anyway we got:. . Chicken pesto panini: Yummm. crispy bread on outside, warm on inside with a slightly citrusy flavor and pesto. This was my friend's so I only had a bite.. . Smoked salmon salad: Yum again! I didn't like how the dressing was hidden at the end and I got an overload of it as I made my way to the bottom of the bowl, but the smoked salmon was delish and looked so pretty!. . Chocolate eclair: My friend had it and she liked it, but the chocolate filling was too much/sweet for her and she had to scrape it off.. . Fruit tart: Yummmm~ the fruits are yum with pretty pieces of semi-sweet and white chocolate. the tart itself is thick and the cream/filling was not very sweet. Pretty good, though I've had better (I personally like Porto's fruit tarts from California).. . Chocolates:. . Orange marzipan: Not bad...didn't taste the orange at first, then it hit me as I kept munching. I prefer normal marzipan chocolate I suppose...like the one from Godiva.. . Earl gray: Oooh definitely can taste the tea. I like!. . Strawberry jelly: It literally tasted like a cheesecake. It was really good~. . I was craving little pastries and treats all during my Vegas trip, and this definitely hit the spot! I'll be back next trip in August!
So, i'm at the blackjack table at 7 in the morning and I meet this guy who lives in Vegas.  We play for about an hour, and he asks me if i'm hungry.  I say OF COURSE! and he says he will take me to get the best panini's in vegas.  We take the monorail and travel through the bellagio, etc.  I got a tour basically and and the end, was treated to some really great panini's.. . I got the prusuittio panini and i'm not a huge fan of prusuitto but this was pretty good.  There was some sort of dressing/sauce on it and the bread was perfect.  I love panini bread!!!  It was a pretty big sandwich, so i brought 1/2 back to my hungover girlfriend :)
4.0 Stars. . SMOKED SALMON SANDWICH why are you so delicious? . . With your caper dill cream cheese, daikon sprouts, red onions, and sliced hard boiled eggs you are one sexy, tasty sandwich that I couldn't put down. . . A drug perhaps? How can I be addicted to a sandwich?. . It must have been your buttery smoked salmon pieces between the soft, pillowy bread that made my taste buds dance with joy.. . It's okay, I'll ignore your $9.95 price tag because you're worth every cent!. . == A MUST TRY! ==
I am not much of a sweets person, but I had a hard time not freaking out over everything in the case at JPP. Nutella brioche? Tiny tarts and macaroons? Fabulous. The almond croissant was a wonderful start to each day we stayed at the Aria. . . The thing that really sealed my never ending love of JPP was the Gourmet to Go takeaway option. For $19.99, you get a delish salad (cobb rocks, fyi), a giant sandwich (veggie is fab) and a desert of your choice, all packed in a travel, headed-to-the-airport friendly box, complete with utensils and napkins. I am so very thankful to have been able to skip the nasty over price options at the airport or on the airplane. . . JPP loses one star for lack of adequate seating and on our last visit, the eating area had overflowing trash receptacles and table tops and counters that could have used a good wipe down.
Love love love their desserts! I can eat their desserts everyday if they weren't that pricey. I've tried their raspberry macaroon and carrot cake. They were absolutely TO DIE FOR. They were tasty yet still light. I'd definitely go back every now and then when I need a treat! Their coffee/latte are pretty pricey too, expect at least 4 bucks for a cup of hot latte. The only negative thing about this place is the staff aren't that friendly and for the price you pay for the desserts, I expect full service than self-serve.
if there's ever such thing as TOO MANY CHOICES FOR DESSERT, you'll find it at Jean Phillipe Patisserie @ the Aria!!. . they have eeeeeverything from cookies to pastries to ice cream to candy to chocolate to cake to coffee .... just go overload your eyes for yourself!!. . with NO SURPRISE, i couldn't decide & asked a worker for the ONE dessert  i had to try & she suggested the dark chocolate mousse because you can finish it w/o it becoming too sweet!. . it was definitely a good dessert but ten bucks for such a small dessert is just outrageous!!! which brings me to give jean 3.5 stars!!
Jean Phillips is in a secluded part of the ballegio  hotel. It's is a crepe and dessert/ chocolate dig.  It is pricey but they make everything right in front of you and they do a great job. While others are getting filled on buffets and trendy restaurants, I suggest you spend a few more bucks to enjoy this place and it's  fantastic food. It is a very small place  only enough room for you to  get in line and get your food and step out. There is seating along the wall but sitting usually causes more congestion than just getting your stuff and sitting nearby.
Pricey pricey pricey this place is. For a cup of geleto is $5.75. They have selections of choclates, crepes, pastries, and salads that looks like an artful garden in a circle container. Stay away from the fruit salad that cost around $7.00 bucks forget that it's a rip off. They have good take home food gifts to give out. I suggest don't try and buy the chocolate home due to the heat outside unless you have something cold with you to keep the chocolate solid. Otherwise it will melt in the Vega's heat. Trust me on this.
A night of partying needs proper hangover food.  Food like greasy fries and pancakes and fried chicken to fill you back up and feeling re-energized. Jean Philippe Patisserie is definitely not that place.  The food here is delectable and more deserving of a stomach that has not been recently ravished by rum or red bull vodkas. This place has huge selections of desserts, well made treats, crepes, coffee, paninis and more. . . I stayed at Aria during my last trip to Vegas and Jean Philippe Patisserie was right off the room elevators.  This makes it tempting to grab a quick treat right before heading to your room.  The sandwiches are good but very heavy/buttery as typical French food is.  I had the Tandoori panini with a side salad.  Although it tasted excellent, I was feeling really heavy/full afterwards. The coffee is soso.. there's a Starbucks (or two) in Monte Carlo - better coffee is served there.  However the desserts are incredible.  I did not order any dessert myself but I did have a bite of a friend's chocolate tart-looking thing.  Looking back I wished I had ordered something for myself as well.  The prices are high but that's typical for anything inside a large Vegas casino.
4.0 Stars. . SMOKED SALMON SANDWICH why are you so delicious?. . With your caper dill cream cheese, daikon sprouts, red onions, and sliced hard boiled eggs you are one sexy, tasty sandwich that I couldn't put down.. . A drug perhaps? How can I be addicted to a sandwich?. . It must have been your buttery smoked salmon pieces between the soft, pillowy brioche bread that made my taste buds dance with joy.. . It's okay, I'll ignore your $10.15 price tag (wait, did they increase the price?) because you're worth every cent!. . FYI: Be sure to check out the amazing chocolate fountain that holds a Guiness World Record at this location.. . == A MUST TRY! ==
The chocolate waterfall is something of a photo-op for tourists. I enjoy their nutella crepe with added banana slices... yummm just thinking about it! . . Last time I went here a friend was looking for something more savory so she ordered and we shared the turkey croissant. Sad to say they just pull their sandwiches out of a fridge but I must say I enjoyed it. The croissant was buttery and flakey and all things it should be :) . . Of course prices are a bit high due to its location in a fabulous casino right on the strip. . . Last but not least there is not much seating so first come first serve.
Such a delicious place, but visually and "get in mah belly!"-ly. Wonderful breakfast/brunch place, and great snack place as well. Pastries, desserts, and savory crepes all day!. . Forest crepe: Order it with a sunny side up egg and it's really pretty! Also amazing and tasty...cheese and other goodies in every bite! Wasn't big on the salad dressing, but I didn't order the crepe for the veggies! . . Breakfast ham and cheese sandwich: Something like that. It had a whole egg inside, which was cool to look at and also delicious. Wish the egg actually spread to the whole sandwich instead of just the middle, but still good.. . Fruit parfait: There's this crust separating the fruit from the greek yogurt which reminds me of a soggy (but delicious) crumble. It was actually very good and different from most other parfaits!. . White chocolate mocha: Very sweet, but you can definitely taste the white chocolate with just the teensiest hint of coffee! Great for white chocolate lovers!. . Chocolate crepe with oreo gelato: The crepe was not bad, but OH MY THAT GELATO! Delicous! I had never had such good oreo gelato OR ice cream OR yogurt! AHHHH SO YUMMY! Each bite was like eating 7 oreos as it was so full of flavor and the texture was smooth and creamy and oh man. I need to stop before I drool. But yes, try the oreo gelato. You won't regret it!. . Jean Philippe, I love you so!
4.5 stars. . . So, we are walking around Aria trying to figure out where to eat, and lo and behold, this patisserie is right in front of us with tons of delicious treats. . . Many kinds of gelato offered for $4.75 for one scoop. There are also many different kinds of chocolates and truffles for purchase. I adored the banana milk chocolate (chocolate and banana are my favorite flavor combination)... so good. You can buy boxes of chocolates or buy the chocolates a la carte for $2/piece. . . There are rows and rows of delicious pastries and desserts, all of which looked beautiful, but we never got a chance to try them, because we got full from our sandwiches and wanted to save room for dinch (the meal in between lunch and dinner) later. . . Here's what my husband and I had:. . - Chicken tandoori sandwich: Really good with moist chicken and light sauce on ciabatta bread with tomatoes and cucumber slices. . - Chicken basil aioli: Delicious moist chicken with a sweet (almost too sweet) basil aioli, provolone, tomatoes, and basil on ciabatta bread. . . The wait is kind of long -- you have to wait to pay, and it's painful having to look at all those delicious desserts while waiting. The wait to "make" the sandwiches also took a while. . . My husband kind of wanted a roast beef sandwich, but he didn't want it cold and asked if they could warm it for him, but they said they could only microwave the sandwich. LAME. . . This is a delicious place; I can't wait to come back sometime to eat more food here. Everything from the sandwiches to the chocolates to the gelato is pretty expensive for what it is, so be prepared to fork it over.
As one of my final stops in Vegas, I dropped by Jean Philippe for a pastry, before heading out to the airport. After much deliberation, I selected a rose macaroon out of the many delicious-looking petit fours on display. The macaroon was pricey (six-plus dollars) but it was very good. A worthy extravagance, in a town with many that are unworthy. While Jean Philippe offers all sorts of sweets, I probably would stick to the pastries, which is what they know best. This place is definitely worth a try if you happen to walk by.
This place is a great stop for something sweet! It can be a bit pricey, but it satisfies the taste buds!! The gelato is delicious, but my favorite thing to get is the crepes! The bananas foster crepe and the nutella crepe are delicious! :)
I wasn't allowed to eat any sweets...especially the weekend that we came here but you know what? EFF THAT! I'ma indulge! Especially if it's a bakery that's open LATE! Whoo hoo! Thumbs up baby!!. . This is one fancy pantsy bakery located in the beautiful Aria. I hear the original one with the chocolate fountain gets way more packed, thank god I didn't go to that one...I'm not a fan of WAITING, especially for sweet, decadent treats!. . I ordered myself the Nutella filled Brioche Bread and split that in 1/2 with IFBB Pro Frankly Shredded. He split his delicious Almond Bear Claw in 1/2 with me too. So we shared. :) Oh! The SBBF had a sugar free blueberry muffin and he only ate 1/2 of that and gave the other 1/2 to Franky & I. Yes, we're fitness fanatics with the sweetest TEEF eva!. . My fave outta all 3 was the Almond Bear Claw fo sheezy. I liked the Nutella Brioche Bread but...there was just something about that bear claw...making me wanna claw my way back to Vegas and order a dozen of those!
I'll be back.  I can only give it 4 stars because we only had one item from here.  My review might change upon a revisit.  Awesome place to get some sugar in you and people watch for a little bit.  Had the mousse.
Excellent panini! I recommend the prosciutto and tuna melt- delicious and super satisfying. There's usually a line, but it goes through quickly. Price is reasonable.
there are few places where you just want to try EVERY SINGLE ITEM and Jean Philippe is that kind of store.. . every item is carefully made with extreme professionalism.. I've had a palmier, almond croissant, gelato and chocolate covered strawberry and can't think of a flaw in any of these items.. . lines can be a bit long and prices aren't what you are used to for pastries but it's a must-stop visit while in Vegas.. . Their chocolate fountain is cool (tallest fountain in the world) but not worth wasting time staring at it.  Just eat everything in the store and leave.
I have found my favorite dessert in the whole wide world and it's the vanilla flan at JP.  There are so many to choose from but I can't get anything else, gotta have my flan.  I would give it 5 stars but the service could be a little better and organized.  Be prepared to wait 10 -15 mins for your food and don't be surprised when your panini comes out luke warm.
This is conveniently located by the hotel guest elevators at Aria.  Around the area it smells fantastic and if you follow your nose you'll even be more roped in by the pretty and delectable looking goodies in the windows.. . The sandwiches were pretty good, but I've never had Key Lime Tart quite like that.  SO. Yummy.. . I picked up some really nice thank-you gifts for our friends who watched our doggies & our parents who watched the kids while away.  And of course, some treats to enjoy at home.  :)
The cascading chocolate fountains are mesmerizing.  I probably stared at it for a good 5-10 minutes, eyes wide, in amazement and awe.  . . ...and about 3 feet away the Huzbeau had the same expression, but he was looking at the Crepes menu - lol.  We were thinking, does it really taste as good as it looks?. . We ordered a crepe with strawberries, vanilla gelato, topped with whipped cream and a gooooood drizzling of chocolate sauce.  Oh YEAH.  It was good.  Pricey, but good.
Like the other JPP in the Bellagio, the pastry is undoubtedly gorgeous and awe inspiring.  The pastries look like little works of art.  This location doesn't have the record-breaking chocolate waterfall, but I feel is more spacious and modern, easier to access when there's no tourists crowding around the waterfall. . . The paninis are beautiful, but you can tell the lettuce gets soggy and the tomatoes do too when they're sitting in a case, waiting to be pressed.  Same with the salads.  So, so beautifully composed, but again, like the supermarket, have been sitting in their little plastic clamshell containers for hours. . . Don't get me wrong.  The desserts are tasty-- the crepes delectable and fresh, the pastries, attractive.  But sometimes, you can tell they've been sitting out awhile.  The fruit tarts had fruits that started to soften below their clear glaze.  The pastry crusts slightly chewy, not crisp. . . Overall, it's more of an experience than anything.  For $6.90+ tax for a tiny two-bite pastry is a bit over the top...but again, you're in Vegas, and somebody's gotta pay for the extravagance.
vegetarian quiche was great. It's Vegas! I wanted to indulge a little more in their muffins, crepes, etc.
I'm a regular! Yes indeed... every time I go to Vegas, I make a stop or two or three at Jean Philippe. And now I have 2 locations to choose from! . . I always order a berry crepe. Most of the time I order one of their fancy schmancy pastries as well. Those pastries are so pretty sometimes, I feel bad for eating them!!! Good thing that feeling only lasts for a second, because the second I take a bite, I forget how pretty they are and focus on how yummy they are.. . Definitely worth the trip here. Minus one star for the prices. Yes, I get that their leases are astronomical, but my paycheck is not.
The bad thing about staying at the Aria is you have to pass by this sweet joint to get to your room. How can one resist? Anyway I ordered the chocolate croissant and quiche lorraine. The croissant was extraordinary! This is not your corner deli, flat bread type of croissant. It's crispy and reminded me of being in Paris. Make sure to finish your dessert off with a strong iced cafe au lait.
Went to JPP this morning for breakfast. Stood in line and ordered our food, then realized they had more baked goods (which I didn't see on the menu board) further down the line. . . I had the ham/cheese croissant, which was flaky and cheesy, so very good. My wife had the spinach quiche which she found pretty bland. Had a freshly squeezed orange juice and a cappuccino as well, total ended up around $40 which is fairly steep for breakfast. I guess we pay for the convenience, being right beside the guest elevators. . . Despite the cost I'll probably still stop by again before we leave to try another one of their croissants.
Tried 2 desserts.  The Snickers cake is really great, very rich.  The pumpkin tart was very good too but go for the cake!   Minus 1 star for price, $15 total :(
Super yummy desserts but soooo rich! I wish I'd ordered milk lol
Mouth. Melting. Delicious.
Sometimes, I get nervous thatthings that are TOO pretty won't taste as delicious as they look.  . . I wasn't disappointed either time at Jean Phillipe.  Their gelato is delightful.  Their lattes are scrumptious.  Their desserts are astoundingly beautiful and surprisingly priced around $6.  I had expected to pay more.  Everything is a bit pricey but it won't blow your budget and like I said, really seems low for the surroundings.  . . We sipped on some fancy seasonal lattes and dove into some chocolate mousse, crepes and something else.  I can't remember ... but I know there was chocolate and we thought it was pretty darn good as we licked what was left off our spoons.  . . We always take out of towners for a stroll by since it is absolutely beautiful and their is much to look at!  I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed if you indulge in a treat.
The choices at Jean Philippe Patisserie are very overwhelming making for freeze-brain and therefore no choice at all when trying to figure out what to snack on.  This is a good problem to have.. . Their coffee is wonderful!  This was my morning staple on my past visit to Vegas since I was staying at Aria.  At $4 you will pay about what you are paying at your local Starbucks which is sad but still tasty.. . They literally have everything from cookies, pastries, gelato, chocolate, nuts and even hot food.  . . The prices are high but if you sample small you will watch calories and your wallet.
Things here are priced a bit higher than your average place but given that it's a brand name, and we're in Vegas, they try to justify it. . . Gelato was delicious! I had the chocolate one and the pricing was fairly reasonable for a gelato place on the strip. Macaron wise, I'd still give the crown to Bouchon. . . Great place to stop in for a quick snack to satisfy the sweet tooth! Seating here is better than the Bellagio location.
No this place does not get my five stars.. . Between two girls, we got:. Red velvet cake- TOO MOIST, where's the cake, the density?!. Tiramisu- Decent, but definitely had better ones. . Creme brulee- Where's my caramelized topping, and white chocolate in creme brulee...Since when?? . Nutella Brioche- This was good! my only recommendation was to serve it warm, then it would have been heavenly!. one chai latte- DELICIOUS- THE REASON WHY I GAVE THIS PLACE FOUR and not three!. one cappuccino . . for 37 dollars. . Expensive for an overhyped place. Either I made the wrong choices or it did not live up to the hype that day.
Gorgeous cakes and pastries!!  They also have gelato and sweet crepes.  99.99% of females with a sweet tooth must love this place!!. . enough said.
Definitely a place we always stop by when we are in town.  I like this location better than the one at Aria even though it is busier.  Love the chocolate pastries and the crepes here.  The service is always good.  The displays are eye catching and the chocolate fondue waterfall makes you crave for chocolate.. . Service: 5. Food: 4. Price: 3.5. Atmosphere: 4
Two words. NUTELLA BRIOCHE. The best dessert I've ever tasted hands down, a must try! I had breakfast here most of the time, just because it was so convenient and much cheaper than anywhere else in the resort. There was so many things to choose from, crepes, salads, sandwiches, gelato, pastries, etc. This place has your sweet tooth going!. . VERY GOOD: mango gelato, cookies and cream gelato, vanilla gelato, NUTELLA BROCHE, tuna melt sandwich, crepes, breakfast sandwiches, french vanilla iced coffee, fresh orange juice. . Not so good: the creme brulee, flan, raspberry rose cream macaroon -- these desserts take off a star for me. LOOKED soo good, tasted so not.. . Everything is pricy BUT cheaper than any other places in the Aria Resort.
I came here for a breakfast sandwich so I ordered a hot ham and cheese...... It was an O M G moment when I had my first bite. It was absolutely delicious and it was so comforting. Every bite just warmed my soul. I've tried a couple of their desserts. They look amazing and they taste great. This is a repeat place! =)
I usually order the Mixed Berries w/nutella & chocolate on top w/their Cheesecake gelato on the side. It's awesome! The crepe is good for 2 ppl. It's a good size portion. I think for both the gelato and crepe together is around $13-14. It is pricey but it's really good.
I was thirsty and wanted something cold and non alcoholic.  I had an excellent but sort of pricey iced mocha.  I am glad I am not easily tempted by some of the other treats I saw as I could easily have ordered a whole bag of stuff.
It was the desserts that lured me to this place.  The colors, the smells, the gorgeous displays...they were all calling my name.  "Mel...Mel...come spend buckets of money here."  . . Desserts-good, not great.  They were pretty and priced pretty as well.  . . But it was the sandwiches that kept us coming back for more.  Sure, they were priced more than the usual panini, but given the convenient location and add on a scoop of gelato, and we were willing to drop the cash on this place.  . . Tandoori chicken panini is my all time favorite.  Chicken, cucumbers, tomatoes, and a light curry sauce, this sammie will hit the spot any time of the day.  . Roast beef- piled high with rare meat and topped with horseradish with some kick, this was the hb's fav.  . Croque monsieur-standard recipe, good breakfast alternative.  . Sandwich trio-for those who don't want to choose just one. Smaller versions of 3 classic flavors.  . . You may end up paying as much as you would at the buffet, but at midnight, this place may fit the bill.
Very good pastries but at a steep price. I know it's Vegas but $10+ for a tiny sandwich and $7 for little pastries isn't worth it. . . Got the "intense" which was described as a chocolate creme brulee covered in chocolate and topped with a macaron shell. It was actually quite large and pretty good but I'm not sure why it's described as a creme brulee when it tasted like something in between a flourless hocolate cake and chocolate ganache. . . Nutella brioche was quite good. Thought I think nutella is always good by default :p
A must on every trip to Vegas and with one in the aria, maybe we'll go more often.
This is the most elegant patisserie I've ever seen.  It's not possible to walk by without noticing your mouth water and eyes widen.  The patisserie was right by the elevators to our room.  Given the beautiful pastries, gelato, salads & sandwiches coupled with the $50 dining voucher that accompanied our room reservations, my boyfriend and I caved in to the temptation.. . Day 1:  He had the tropical crepe with vanilla gelato.  WOW.  I had the almond croissant.  AMAZING.. . Day 2: He hadthe roast beef sandwich and I had the chicken caesar salad with sun-dried tomatoes.  I've never had sun-dried tomatoes in my caesar before.  It was good. . . Warning: VERY EXPENSIVE! (but worth it). . I am craving the croissant right now.  *sigh*
Heaven on Earth!!!!! . But tooooooo pricy. Come on 7$ for a tiny cake?????
what is jean philippe pastisserie. a name that i can not even pronounce. all you gotta know is this place is legit! so imma call you JPP! . . gee... this is another store that is like everywhere in vegas now. i kept walking by saying umm.. each time i walked by jean it looked packed. they were opened late. they had a freaking chocolate fountain thing. i told myself i had to go. so i did. wouldn't you? . . they had cupcakes, danishes, muffins, gelato, crepes, smoothies, coffee, cakes, sandwiches, and oh so many more things i couldn't peek at it all. . . the con to this place is its so packed i feel guilty to ask for a sample of the gelato and just went with my default flavor: coconut. 2nd con is the price. i saw some girl drinking a tropical smoothie so i just had to. $9.00 bucks my friends. nine whole bucks for a smoothie. that's like minimum wage right there! i could really taste real fruit in my smoothie. in my coconut gelato i tasted and saw coconut flakes. now that's what i call authentic. . . my boyfriend got the ice coffee with soy milk. that thing was yummy as well for a non coffee drinker as myself. the total was like $18.00+. so it placed a dent in the pocket area but a satisfied stomach.. . did i mention their napkins are like the expensive thick kind? they have all sorts of cakes on display that rotates! they were pretty decked out! They have seats in the store and some outside in the walkway. so sit and chit chat or take it to go and walk off the calories so you can eat some more somewhere else!
While not as good as Bellagio Gelato or the Illi place over in Paulazzo, this place in Aria deserves some accolades as a solid place in the City Center area for some late night dessert cravings. I am here only to tell you guys about one item..the Lychee and Rose Sorbet. . . The taste is nothing I've had before, and believe me, I've had some weird and wacky flavors before. The tartness of the lychee marries perfectly the flower-y, sweetness of Rose, and it all just makes sense when you put that goodness in your mouth. Much like Mel Gibson and Danny glover in the Lethal Weapon movies, this is one partnership that should last forever.
There crepes are superb and do you see the pricey box of "Jean Philippe" chocolates on the back wall?, YES! You must buy a box of these wonderful treats!  Once you taste them you will never look at a Hershey bar in the same way again. Yes the lines can be a little over welling, and a tad pricey, but its worth your time and money, your taste buds will not be disappointed
Any place associated with Tony T. has got to  be spectacular!  On a previous trip I indulged in some treat that involved almond crust and lemon curd, which is a combination I find hard to top sometimes.. . Last night after my lavish Bar Masa meal, Susan D. and I ventured over here to admire the chocolates and pastries.  She bought a set of 5 truffles and I got one earl grey truffle (stamped beautifully with the word TEA all over it) and the coconut macaroons (yes macarOOns).. . The truffle and one macaroon entered my mouth before I opened my front door.  The tea truffle - unique flavor and delicious.  The macaroon...well...I love coconut and I just recently made meringue-y coconut macaroons in a baking class and ate them for breakfast (eggs for breakfast, get it?). . Well, today it happened again.  I ate the remaining three macaroons FOR BREAKFAST (I pretended it was a normal pastry, it has butter and sugar like any other!) and I was deeply satisfied.  mmmmm
JPP is the place to go if you love pastries. You'll be literally like a kid in a candy store. The decadent desserts are really an art form, so pleasing to the eyes and senses.. . They attract a lot of tourist with their Chocolate fountain which has been certified to be the largest in the world. It's a must see and you must take an obligatory picture with it to post on your Yelp, Urbanspoon, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or whatever social networking you currently are addicted.. . I had the raspberry and lime tarts, they were exquisite. I love the perfect balance of sweet and tangy in the lime tart. They also serve cakes, cookies, croissants, gelato, crepes, and other bakery goods. The only thing that disappointed me was the Americano as it was way watered down, similar to the old McDonald's coffee. Being an expensive high end Patisserie, I expected everything to be the best.. . The layout needs to be redone. There is not enough space for more then one person to move about the store. You are constantly bumping into others who are taking pictures of goodies but may not be buying anything. . . Sorry, one star deducted for expensive watered down Americano.
I don't know if there's anything I can say about this place that doesn't already come across in the pictures.  The pastries are fabulous.  They also have sandwiches that are great for taking back out to the pool or just eating right there. . . The drink prices are a little higher than you'd expect - the Aria is one of the only casinos on the strip that doesn't have a Starbucks, so your run of the mill chai latte will run you around $6 bucks as opposed to $4 at Starbucks.  But you really do get whatyou pay for - I wasn't disappointed.
I love the souffle crepe with nutella and fresh strawberries. The cons: expensive and far :(
Double Cappuccino. Cafe au Lait. Flan. Dulce de Leche Brioche. . Stay tuned...
Heavenly.  . . So you come here and have great expectations due to yelp. . . Plus it's beautiful.  . . Things I loved . Potatoe gratin with bacon.   Amazing . Raspberry tart.  . Vanilla cream stick/puff.  Thought it would be too sweet but they do a good job of making the it very balanced . . Ok . Napleon. Was a tad over cooked on the crust. . . Never liked the fact that they charge me for a cup to heat up my babies food. But what do I expect in Vegas I suppose.
I just want to rave about those jelly chocolates they have in the display. I have tried every flavor, and my favorite is definitely the blueberry. Don't get me wrong, they're all pretty good. My boyfriend doesn't even like chocolate, but he thinks they're the bee's knees! The jelly is encased in this delicate chocolate shell. You pop one of these babies in your mouth, and with the first bite, the shell just completely breaks open to reveal this burst of fruit flavor. The chocolate is perfect. It doesn't overpower the flavor of the jelly, and it's just bitter enough to complement the jelly's sweetness. The jelly is tangy and sweet. For some of the more powerful flavors, one might feel overwhelmed by it, but the experience is over pretty quickly because the pieces are small. Besides the blueberry, I distinctly remember enjoying the lemon jelly as well. . . Both times I have been here, the service was forgettable. I must have picked the right time to go because there was barely a line (perhaps, two or three people in front of me?). The first time, the woman who took my order had the most sour expression on her face. I almost felt like I was being a bother by ordering something. I actually felt a little guilty for making her walk to the display case to grab the chocolate pieces...The second time, the two employees started conversing, making me wait a few minutes. Finally, when one turned around, he seemed pretty nice. He got my order and rang me up, but he wasn't friendly or anything special. The price is also nothing to rave about at $2 a piece. But hey, it's still something worth trying!
The thing about having more than one location of something on the Vegas strip is that you don't know which location your review is going to.. . As it states above the address to this venue, my review will be for the Patisserie in the ARIA.. . This location of Jean Philippe offers pretty much everything the larger location at Bellagio offers but in a smaller area. They have the crepes and truffles on one side and the cafe/cakes on the other side.. . I don't usually purchase from this location but I was in the mood for chocolates so I bought two to snack on while I gambled. I also got a Strawberry Lemon cupcake for dine in and it was DIVINE!. . Definitely a cute place to stop at if you want a sandwich, crepe, or pastry to snack on between gambling ;)
We stopped here for gelato, and were very happy!  We ordered the mixed berry and the chocolate in a two-scoop cup, and it was a great place to take a break to sit and people watch.
I'm not a fan of sweets & dessert but do you know the line "you had me at hello"?  That about sums it up.  Everything looked so delicious, I had difficulty choosing just 1!  Finally decided on a pastry & a small cup of coffee....paid $4 for the pastry & $3.50 for the coffee....totally ridiculous for the coffee but the pastry was worth every scrumptious bite!
Really cute setup of their store, though smaller than I expected! All the desserts looked delicious and fresh. Even the prepared salads and sandwiches looked excellent, which is rare for a place that doesn't necessarily specialize in them. It was entertaining to watch the woman making the freshand quite delicious looking crepes filled with lots of sweet stuff! Those seemed to be a popular item but I came for the gelato! I got two scoops- one pistachio and one hazelnut. In one word... Amazing! Super creamy, not icy at all. There was a really nice variety of flavors as well. Would definitely come back here for the gelato!
Amazing looking sweets, chocolates, sweets, and more to look at. I enjoyed a scoop of the gellato. Highly recommended.. They have a fabulous chocolate dragon display up right now. It's perfectly lit to take pictures with no glare.
Prettiness - 5 stars . Price - 3 stars (like everything else in Vegas, OVER PRICED). Taste - 3 stars (these desserts are for look not taste for sure!). Coffee - 4 stars (expensive, but better than any "hotel" coffee). Sandwich - 4 stars (good, but over price; can get same quality at Panera or Corner). Environment - 5 stars (relaxing, clean). . . They also have one over a Bellagio, which has the world's largest chocolate fountain.  That one; however, is always extremely crowded, and very difficult to find seats.  So, you'll have a better chance finding a seat here than over there.
Beautiful presentation. I love their gelato station. I hate that the price of gelato anywhere in Vegas makes you feel like you've just received a paper cut. . . but I must admit, it is so good. The rich flavors are absolutely delish. I really like how friendly their staff is. They are always so chipper and cheery. I think things here are a tad too pricey but that's true with most places inside the nicer hotels. It's to be expected now. Their desserts are not only beautiful to look at but they are tasty as well. Service is great and the ambiance is very chatty. So it's not like a super fancy restaurant where all you hear is a low buzz. This is definitely perfect for the casual vegas crowd. I love their blueberry muffins. For whatever reason, they are MORE amazing than the ones I get back home, even when I compare 'em to the ones that I get from Portos which is a famous bakery in LA/Glendale. Oh man! So good.
I had bookmarked a few places I wanted to check out in Vegas before my trip and Jean Philippe was on the top of my list. . . I almost screamed with joy when walking into the bakery. Everything was perfect. From thepastries, the chocolates, the baked goods, and even the gelato looked pretty. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jZqViN77-gIVUxT62EFE9w&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJww. Although I would have liked to try a crepe I had already bought an Earls Sandwich and was just looking for a dessert to bring on the plane..... . . There are many pastry options whether you are a chocolate person, a fruit person, a custard person, they have it all. They even had extravagant macaroons. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VOFgHdstzzjhi3S1gq38dQ&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJww  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IQmkc5uyqdw6THBDerkyvw&userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJwwThe prices on the pastries is where unfortunately Jean Philippe loses a star in my book. Close to $7 for a pastry is ridiculous. I don't care how good it is - and yes it was good but not $7 good. I have eaten perfect pastries similar to this in Japan and even those aren't $7.  . . I was eyeing the Napolean but it looked like it had a little too much custard cream so I went with the fruit tart. It was beautifully deorated with raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, slices of apples, kiwis, and pineapple and some mandarin oranges. I know that Jean Philippe aims for quality over quantity and I completely respect that but the tart part seemed a little thin. This was my only complaint as the fruit was perfectly ripened and the custard cream wasn't overly sweet. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=QkQLnujuiBDP1mNChJYJww. . I also grabbed a croissant which was $4 which was a better value than the skinny tart. It was buttery, flaky and oh so good with some homemade strawberry jam the next morning. . . Would I come back? Yes, of course . Would I get the tart again? Probably not. . . I love bakeries especially high quality ones..and I know it in Vegas but I just wish their pastries were a LITTLE bit more affordable. I could have bought 2 Earls sandwiches with the price I paid for the tart and the croissant. . . YELP 365: 161/365
Damn, that was good. JPP drew me in with the sheer attractiveness of the space. The decor is inviting and the pastries are ridiculously gorgeous. Like, too pretty to eat. But I managed.. . Gelato: Very good. Peanut butter was the best.. . Chocolate truffles: Tasty but not the best ever.. . Chocolate Croissant: Heavenly. May be the best ever.. . Sandwiches: Curry chicken was rich but oh so good. . Cupcakes: Prettier than they taste but would try more to be sure :-). . I could have tried way more than I did and all I can say is, I am glad this doesn't exist anywhere near home. . . Cons: Surly employees (each and every time); pricey, as is everything in Vegas.
Much larger location than Bellagio.    Love the pastries, would pass on the chocolate and crepes.   Are there other places that have dessert like this.... no.  Rather than going to a starbuck and getting something you can get anywhere else, suck it up and just buy some.
Really darn good pastries! . Also lots of great snack gifts that are beautifully packaged.
had to stop by Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria Hotel.  The patisserie is a small "kiosk" near the casinos serving up tons of sandwiches, pastries, and other treats.  On display were gorgeous cakes and chocolates.. . After debatingover at least 3 desserts, I decided on the Nutella Napoleon (I can never resist Nutella).  It definitely had a strong hazelnut/chocolate flavor, but lacked the creaminess of a regular Napoleon.  It was worth the visit though as I love seeing desserts displayed as art.
Overpriced but everything looks so damn pretty & the things that I have tried were pretty good... . Don't waste your money here, maybe only on super last minute presents. Spend your money elsewhere or just use it at the blackjack tables..
Gelato, just get the gelato.  Pistachio and Oreo cookie.. . The other desserts look wonderful too.  Be sure to bring your camera for the chocolate art that surrounds you.  They have sandwiches and salads for those who want a quick meal at their little cafe, or if you want it to go.
I decided that an update was appropriate because this time around, I tried EVERY SINGLE SWEETS that they had, with the exception of one. They were made extremely well and the taste and texture, as well as presentation was phenomenal. . . The pastries, however, were still the same... hard, and not unlike any other pastry. Coffee was also not something to write home to mom about.. . But yes, the sweets, such as the tarts, cupcakes, chocolate cakes, cheese cakes, etc. are definitely very yummy.
Crepes! Had the exotic crepe which comes with a scoop of coconut sorbet for $8.95. Sounded like a delicious mix of mango, passion fruit, pineapple. But it was a disappointment. Wish I had done the basic nutella or berries crepe. The fruit was marinated in a hot sauce and was way too tart. Poor choice at trying to be different. The coconut sorbet was very good though. You can also add a scoop of your choice gelato to any crepe for $2. I added on a scoop of stracciatella which was good. However their 'gelato' tasted heavier like ice cream. Guess it depends on the flavor. . . Also had their royal savory crepe with chicken breast, mushrooms and cheese in a cream sauce. Pretty yummy, cream wasn't too heavy to me like Payard's at Caesar's crepe. They also give you a small mixed greens salad on the side makes it not bad for $10.95. I'd eat here again for their savory and sweet crepes. . . The pastries I got was the almond croissant and nutella brioche, both $4. . The nutella brioche was a last minute add on because it looked so yummy. I'd skip this one next time. Basically a dense dough with a huge chunk of nutella in the middle. Basically bread and nutella made pretty. . . Onto the almond croissant. I usually get a chocolate croissant but reviews boasted the almond croissant it was yummy!! The almond paste in the middle and flaky crust. Definitely try! Worth the splurge from my diet.
The Aria Location here is better than the other location because you can sit down here. I had the key lime one before and the last time it was mind-blowing and sent me in a tizzy with different layers of flavors including passion fruit. This key lime was different with only one layer of filling and didn't have the passionfruit layer or as much key lime and was good but not mind-blowing. My husband had deep chocolate one and it was Great. I didn't think the macaroon tasted right with it but it looked pretty. I would have given five stars if the key lime tasted the same as last time. . . You will gain a pound from trying the treats here but it's worth it.
This patisserie just wows your eyes. When you see it from afar,  it makes you curious and when you walk in, you just wanna look and  touch everything you see. It's cute and elegant at the same time.. . We came here by recommendation by three different people, and I applaud them. Thank you! I took some goodies home for my family, mainly for the kids, and I gotta say, the chocolate was on point. It makes you feel like you will never eat another drugstore bought chocolate ever again.. . My friends and I came here for a quick lunch after a tea party. If you know tea parties, then you know that you eat like a pigeon but drink tea like a fish. So we came here to give ourselves more sustenance and the paninis we ordered were delicious. . . It's located in the Aria hotel in a good spotwhere you can sit and people watch. TRUST, we were people watching. How can we not? We was in VEGAS, BABY!
When I'm craving something sweet and fancy this is the spot! Highly recommend the plain cheese cake and rose macaroon. The cheese cake I would have to say is one of the best cheese cakes that I have ever had, hands down for shure! The rose macaroon is simple but elegantly light and florally balanced with raspberries. They also have a chocolate case from bonbons to pralines to chocolate covered strawberries for those chocolate LOVERS. Yes the prices are a bit high but hey your in Vegas expect to pay a little more....
My bf is a fan of their creme brulee. He had like 3 of them in a day, haha! We had their sandwiches/paninis, pastries, crepes the last trip and they were all yummy. . . I bought my son all flavors (vanilla, strawberry, chocolate, pistachio) of their rice crispy balls but haven't yet tried them.. . Will be back here!
OMG. I had the hardest time choosing which dessert I wanted after dinner! Everything in the case looks exquisite and the layout is beautiful (despite being a bit confusing). . . I ended up getting the key lime tart and I was very happy with my purchase. All the components worked well together and it was so pretty to look at. I can't wait for my next Vegas trip so I can tryout their other offerings!
I must say the whole look of the place is impressive.  Larger, and more choices then the Bellagio location.  My husband and I went walking the strip just see the new digs since we had been there 10 years ago. We walked into Aria and saw Jean Philippe. Our eyes went big with excitement.. . Walk around the entire spot. Your will be captivated by all the different delights.  Whatever you may be craving they have a dessert for that.  We decided on the gelatto which was reasonably price considering some other spots on the strip. We had the strawberry and lemon. It was totally refreshing!  Just what you need during a midnight walk in 100 degree heat.. . I am coming back to try the crepes which looked amazing  from my neighbors plate.  Staff served us quickly. Prices were fare for what you get. I liked watching the video on how they make their desserts.  So many good choices to pick from.  Prices range from inexpensive to moderate based on what you pick.
Only in Vegas can I eat croque monsieurs everyday for 4 days for breakfast. Actually thatis a lie as I also ate the croissants and paninis. Thank god I had my mother with me to share in them so there was minimal caloric guilt. Yes it was convenient that it was in our hotel and we didn't want to crawl too far in the morning for coffee. It was made better by the fact that everything was awesome. . . The looks of the line can be intimidating, you think you may have to wait 15-20 to place and pick up you order but they were much faster than that. We also never had a problem finding seating as people wouldn't really linger after they were done. . . When checking in on Yelp I confused this location with the one at the Bellaigo. The Aria location has much more seating and a full sweet/savory pasty menu. . . If you don't eat there everyday at least try it once.
This place is so busy same as the Bellagio location.  However, i think they changed the selection and offered less individual cake. . . Presentation is still very nice, just getting abit too sweet and expensive.  We ordered  salmon sandwich, trio cheesecake and vanillia napoleon.  The sandwich ingredients were very fresh, just very small portion, cheesecake was very tasty, napoleon was average.  . . For a self service place like this, $7 a slice of small desserts are quite overpriced same as $10 sandwich.
OMG, where do I begin? As I walked toward the guest room entrance of Aria, I was drawn by the bright and artistic decors of Jean Philippe Patisserie! As I was walking toward it, oh my, I started having the "kid in a candy store" feeling, and the next thing I know, I was lured toward the food and pastry display. . . Finally a day later, my boyfriend and I shared a coffee and a Rose Macaron with Raspberry and Vanilla Cream Filling. Honestly, I wanted to try everything but since I couldn't just choose one, I went with my friend's suggestion. Luckily I bought the very last one in the display. . . The macaron was beautiful and delicious. I couldn't help myself but admire it 360 degree before I decided to take my first bite. I love how it's not super sweet! I also love how they use pastry cream and not buttercream. The coffee was just okay. Oh man, must stop by again and try their other stuff.
I have been to Jean Philippe Patisserie several times and every visit makes me feel like a kid in a candy store. But being a grown adult now I have learned to control myself..well maybe not! Lol!  . . Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria is a sugarwhore's wet dream! Just the abundance of goodies was breath taking.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#GEyIV_nJKKleGTcfEIz_qA. Gelato's: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#qqt3rxlq2aoYWr5Aq3E-Zw. Fine Chocolates: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#aSUOizlY2YGT7pN0UPisMw. Pastries: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#U_hd7e22lett8LDr8zbtTA. Creme Brulee and Palm Leaf  sampled was just a delight.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=kHGid_18CMepOF9_vxqglw#ExEBn0n8Y_Kug9UqrHSojw . . They also have crepes and sandwiches, small seating area to sit to enjoy.. . My LV Trip Bookmark #4
This review is based on the nutella brioches alone. I've had some of the other items before but these are really want keep me coming back.. . A must whenever I'm in Vegas. I'm addicted to the nutella brioches here! They sell out of the nuttela brioches by 4pm so try to swing by before 2pm. They also open early at 6am so I sometimes just stop by after clubbing all night at Marquee and just get them fresh out of the oven and do my walk of shame back to my hotel room. Hey, at least that walk is slightly less shameful when you have the scent of fresh patries wafting around you.
This place is just so inviting with all the sweets, it just calls you, "come here!  eat some sweets!"  . . Long overdue review from Vegas trip in January 2012.  . . Tried the Caramel twist, good.  . Turkey croissant - bread was flaky and yummy stuff inside was okay.  . Dessert was yummm, just went sugar crazy!  . . Love seeing the cake designs too!
This place has the prettiest desserts.  I had to pass by it every time I was going up to my room in the Aria.  DANGEROUS!!  We did end up getting some desserts and it was very yummy.. . However, this review is only to point out that the TUNA PANINI is extremely delicious.  The bread it was on was the perfect thickness and crunch.  The tuna melted with the cheese ever so perfectly.  I scarfed this down like there was no tomorrow.  This is not the typical flat panini one would imagine.  It's more just like a sandwich with french bread.  Really good though.  High recommend this sandwich to anyone.
Seriously the french are masters at bread and desserts. This place is a great to get your hangover coffee and croissant to soak up all the alcohol from night before. Very modern and wide array to choose from, all items are to die for. Tried the breakfast panini, still drooling. Perfect ooey cheese with paraboiled egg and ham enclosed in the most softest and fresh slices of bread.  . . Caffe Lattes, yum! Definite stop, too bad we were running late, wanted to grab some cookies and sweets for the road.
It's like one of those really cute coffee and dessert shops you would find in downtown Santa Monica or San Diego, except everything felt high-end considering its location in the Aria.. . I came here for some breakfast, had a cream cheese danish with some white chocolate-flavored espresso (Sorry, forgot the specific name of the drink!) My order came out to be a total of 10.54. The pastry was about 5 and the drink was about the same price. I would like to say that the coffee was a tad bit expensive and seemed like your average local Starbucks espresso. The danish on the other hand was really good. You wouldn't be able to escape the crunchy, flaky, sweetness.. . I shall return on my next trip to Vegas to better enjoy their other assortment.
great place to grab breakfast if you're staying in aria/vdara. we had croissant, almond brioche and blueberry brioche at $4 each. my fav was the almond. at 7 am, everything was fresh and crispy :-) we'll definitely be back if we're in the area. i was hoping for some cakes/tarts but maybe those are available only later in the day. long q but moves fast. coffee didn't look good so we didn't try any.
4.5 stars.  Super nice bakery/cafe in the middle of Aria.  We ordered 2 types of cheesecake and it was top notch.  A bit pricey IMO beyond the tiny desserts since I am not a big fan of Cheesecake, but it was totally worth it
Quite possibly the most affordable meal inside Aria. But it is only coffee and pastries. I had a breakfast panini which was served warm with egg, ham and cheese. It was tasty and enjoyable but nothing to rave about. Unfortunately everything here is pre-made, so if you want to take out and ingredient in any of their paninis this is not an option. However, they do have a large selection of fresh made, quiche, paninis and pastries. There is also a connected sweet shoppe with lots of gifty type items. Definitely on the pricey side, but selection is pretty good, you'll find things here that are hard to find elsewhere. Their truffles are amazing, very creamy and flavorful without being too rich.
The pastries here are amazing! Came here to with my girlfriend to grab a snack after watching Zarkana. The look of the place is very chic as it is located in Aria. The food here is pricey as end up spending around $20 for two decadent pastries and an Ice Tea.. . Next time I will try the crepes!
Ate a two scoop gelato. Delicious after meal dessert if you are not satisfied with expensive five dining restaurant desserts. Also, won't break the bank too much. . . One should learn to sample a few before making your selection. My combo of coconut/cappuccino turned out better than I expected.
If youre ever in the area, you need to eat not only with your mouth, but your eyes, with the gorgeous little gems sold here. They do a bang up business of sandwiches, coffe, and chocolates here but their prized offering is their vast and beautiful (and tasty!) selection of pastries. My favorite was a merengue with edible rose petals and raspberries--oh my! Heaven! These are amazing to bring to someone's house if they live in the area. When we pass through, we try to grab some to bring home to the family, however, we've never actually had any left to give :-o oooops!!
Yes, the prices may be on the high side for coffee and, yes, the lines in the morning are horrendous but this place is worth the hassle and the money every now and then.  The pastries always have me mesmerized - I can stand there and look at them for hours debating which one/s I'll leave with, and trying to convince myself that no, I can't have them all.  I've never tried something I didn't like here.  And, no matter what I wind up with, or what I had in mind when I stepped in line, I always wind up leaving with a chocolate croissant too.  Do yourself a favor and just try it.  It's a soft and flaky pastry sent straight from heaven.  . . Of course if you're one of those people who MUST eat breakfast or your blood sugar will drop and you'll get cranky and wish you went elsewhere while waiting on the line... then do just that.  It's not one of those deceivingly long but quick-moving deals.  It WILL drag on and on.
Review is for macarons only.. . Fancy bakery with macaron topped cakes, chocolates, gelato, and any sweet you can possibly imagine! I came here for one thing and one thing only - macarons!!!!!!. . The kicker - they didn't come fresh. Macarons were already pre-packaged in the cold section for $16 for 8. For the size it came in, it was expensive and only carried 4 flavors.. . But I'm impressed with how much flavor it packed for a tiny sandwich cookie. Yum!!!
Yeahhhh Nutella Brioche! I finally got around to coming to this place because I was staying at the Aria with a friend and needed breakfast before our trip to Mt. Charleston. We did wait in line for a long time but it was worth it! . . I ordered the Nutella brioche with a cafe au lait and my friend a Nutella brioche and a iced mocha. Her mocha was not good and she went back to ask for something different. It was immediate how quickly the manager or somebody in charge gave her something different. That alone is worth a good review on Yelp! . . I did not try the macarons which is why I can't give it five stars--I am such a macaron sucker! But the Nutella brioche was delicious. Seating is kind of a drag in the morning hours, but you can find something and if not, go somewhere else and people watch--prime for the LV Strip.
This place is so cool!  There are crazy art pieces made of chocolate decorating the place along with goodies for sale to make your mouth water!  Its pretty much like being inside Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory :)  We sampled several baked goods and a mocha and everything looks and tastes as good as it looks!  Highly recommended!
Nice crepes. We ordered the souffle berry mix.  Not too sweet,  but just right.  Cream and berries were very fresh.  Good sharing portion if your not too hungry.  People love to stand and take pics next to the amazing chocolate fountains.
I've only tried a few things here but all of them were pretty good. A warning tho, the prices they command are quite high. The one item that really blew me away was their Peanut Butter Brittle. It's unlike any other pbb I had ever tasted in my life, which was quite a shock. I had never tasted one so light, yet rich n buttery at the same time. Nice texture and crunch. I'm not sure if maybe its because store brand brittles arent as fresh as JP's. That was the only possibly theory I could come up with why it was so different and so good. The pbb price escapes me atm, but I believe it was around a 3 or 4oz box for $12 or so.. I would say its worth trying an item that maybe catches your eye or something you like. Or if you feel like splurging on some high quality confections.
Nuttella brioche! Variety of sandwiches (including traditional baked ham and cheese - Croque Monsieur)! Crepes! Gelato! French croissants! Jean Philippe brings the entire sweetness and street food of France and combines it in this one place! A must for breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea or mid-night snack.
Gelato is good...particularly the rocky road! Overall though, I found the quality of the chocolate to be better at Max Brenner. It's also a nice place to hit up breakfast because they have killer iced coffee.
With unexciting breakfast options close by, and not wanting to trudge through the labyrinth that is the Crystals at CityCenter mall without my morning dose of caffeine, grabbing a pastry here was the easiest thing to do. . . Little did I realize, that one visit would leave a sweet-toothed monkey on my back, and I am now thoroughly hung up on this place. So much so, that I will even wander through the haphazardly constructed Crystals in the wee hours of the morning like an oblivious zombie, when I am staying elsewhere and need to get my patisserie fix. Jean Philippe Patisserie is so worth the trip. . . My goto breakfast has been either the Nutella or Dulce de Leche brioche -- or sometimes both! -- because nothing says breakfast like puffy bread made with an astronomically high number of eggs and sticks and sticks of butter. That said, I once bought four at a time thinking I could save myself the trip in the morning, but they sadly grew a bit stale overnight, so make sure to tear into them as soon as you can.. . Recently, I discovered what was billed as a Snickers cake, which much to my surprise was actually a soft, puffy mousse cake that included all of the elements of its namesake candy bar. While I was expecting something a  tad more like a "cake", I was not disappointed by its soft gooey texture.
Oatmeal golden Raisin Cookie is Legit!!!. . I realize that getting all excited over a cookie is kinda lame but believe me when I say this was the best oatmeal cookie I've ever had!. . It was a perfect mix of butter, brown sugar, oatmeal, raisins and more butter!
solid coffee.. solid sandwiches.. perfect for a hangover. . the desserts is food porn and you know you want get dirty..
No chocolate waterfall, but I like the deli layout at the Aria location. Reasonably priced sandwich and salads. I always get a desert and coffee.
I normally order the Crepes here when I am in Vegas.  This location is a lot less crowded than other location in Bellagio.  It's cool to see the decorations that he made at each location.  But you really can't go wrong with the crepe here.  It always made perfectly.
I have such a big sweet tooth so I was glad this was downstairs from my hotel room. . . The display of this establishment is beautiful! There are intricately decorated cakes and chocolates everywhere. They have a broad selection of pastries, gelato and crepes. I most recently tried their Apple Sensation crepe with Creme Brulee ice cream and it is to die for.
Nice, clean, modern, place to grab a bite to eat or some sweet desserts. Not the cheapest place in town, but it's Vegas right?. . Nice selection of sandwiches, sandwiches, paninis, salads, crepes, coffees and sweets/desserts/pastries. Almost enough seating but tables can run in short supply due to the hordes of people you find inside the casino.  The place can get a little cramped around the pickup area especially during morning/brunch/lunch hours but the system works pretty well.. . I ordered a Spicy Chicken & Tomato Panini ($10.95)and a small (12oz) Cafe Au Lait($4.25) for a grand total of $16.43 after tax.  Definitely not cheap but the quality of the food seemed decent and it tasted pretty good.  Afterwards I kind of felt like I should have ordered a crepe though since that felt more like a breakfast/brunch item.  I didn't try their sweets but they did look very tempting.. . Anyway, this place is a nice, clean option for food if you're in Vegas or just in the Aria Casino in general.
Jean Philippe Patisserie, you have stolen my heart.. . My cousin was in town and was staying here at the Aria and with the baby in tow, Jean Philippe was the best bet for the three of us. In fact we liked it sooooooo much for breakfast that we came back for lunch.. . For breakfast we split the smoked salmon bagel and a couple of sweet treats. Smoked salmon was UH-MAZING....thinking about it makes my mouth water now. We came back for lunch and I had gotten a turkey sandwich. Croissant was flakey on the outside but melt in your mouth goodness on the inside. I also got a pain au chocolat to go and a chocolate cupcake for the hubby. Food was really good and I thought the pricing was semi resonable for the sweets. The line looks long, but they have a system that works. . . This place is definitely one of the cheaper finds that you will find in City Center. I will definitely be back ifI'm there.
Between the two Jean Philippe locations in Vegas, this one in Aria is my favorite.  Sure, Bellagio has the chocolate fountain but there's something about this particular location that I like more.  The layout?  The pretty cakes displayed all over?  It just seems that the food and desserts here are better and I enjoy coming here more often.  Right outside JP, is a window display of chocolate sculptures they change every so often.  One time it was huge flowers made of chocolate then it was sakura and a dragon (that was my favorite display so far).. . They have sandwiches, salads, gelato, macarons, brittles, chocolates, marshmallows, cookies, pastries and yummy and pretty desserts!  You can order special/custom cakes.  They have a display of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" which is quite scary actually and I doubt I'd want one.. . I've gotten macarons from JP.  They come pre-packed in a box with a plastic "holder" so you can actually transport/ship them without crushing the delicate macarons.  They come 8 in a box for about $2 each.  They're ok.. . Last night we had a Triple Chocolate, Imperial and another chocolate cake.  The labels were a bit off so we couldn' tell which one was which but we're sure about the Triple Chocolate and the Imperial which were amazing.  The Triple Chocolate has a green macaron on top - it's half shiny with chocolate and half matte with cocoa powder and inside is a chocolate mousse and I believe a white chocolate/vanilla mousse.  Then the Imperial...a chocolate sponge cake with hazelnut, vanilla creme brulee and chocolate mousse...mmmmm... My sister got the chocolate cake with a pink macaron shell on top - it was so not exciting that nobdoy remembers what it's called.
First time checking out the Aria location.. . It's not as fancy as Bellagio's with the chocolate fountain but it is wider with gelato one side, and the pastries & coffee on the other.  All of gelato & pastries are great, with favorites being the hazelnut gelato, strawberry sorbet, and the Nutella brioche.  Their coffees are good too, and much needed with the Nutella brioche, since it is just a brioche FILLED with Nutella. . . Of course, with it being a casino location, it is pricey, but quality-wise, very good.  Expect $5 and up for a latte and $4 for a pastry.. . It is also close to the Vdara so if the market cafe at Vdara's not looking too good, make the short trek over to Aria for some legit pastries!
Caprese sandwich was amazing! $10.95 for a sandwich doesn't seem too bad for Las Vegas.
Each of us ordered a souffle-style crepe with my wife choosing bananas Foster and me the mixed berries. The difference between these and regular crepes is the addition of a creamy custard in the center. At first glance these might be mistaken for desserts, but the batter ingredients are similar to pancakes so they qualify as breakfast - right? Hers was very good, mine sublime. These I would assign a rating of 4.5. . I also had a $10 comp towards dessert so we chose a triple mousse and a flan that we brought back to the room. The mousse proved to be run of the mill and the flan oddly dense and heavy. I would not reorder either. These I would assign a rating of 2.5 at most.
This is one of my favorite spots to take people who are visiting vegas! The desserts are all so unique and incredible, and the service is always friendly. I also like to take them and walk to the nearby art galleries so I can enjoy eating the desserts while looking at some amazing art! I defiantly recommend visiting this place if you need something to hit the spot after dinner!
Hotel/restaurant cafes are usually nothing more than "MEH"....but Jean Phillippe, damn y'all. Everything about this place is quite impressive.  Yes, it's pricey and the lines are usually long, but what can you expect for a cafe that's next to elevators in a hotel that has more than 4,000 rooms? . . No lies - their iced coffee is THE BEST I've ever had. Expensive, but worth it. You won't wantany other iced coffee after this.. . Otherwise, their espresso beverages and brewed coffee are tops.  Their pastries are ridiculously rich, but perfect.  Their sandwiches and quiche are so well done and oh so yummy!. . We stayed at Aria and probably ate here 5 times.  "Ate here" meaning we sent someone down for morning coffee (none in room at Aria) and had a late night snack (closes at midnight).
Every bakery should be like this...minus the lines. It's that good...or maybe  that convenient. Must be both. There are so many savory and sweet food and drink choices that we had to come back multiple times just to try more things.. . VENUE: I know there are various locations for this delightful place, but I frequented the one in the Aria Casino and Hotel Resort. The seating area is very small and limited - maybe only 10 or so tables, so if you aren't lucky to grab a seat, get your food to go and find a place to sit. Because it's located right next to the casino, and because there are so many people wanting to grab a bite, the atmosphere is super busy and loud. . . FOOD/DRINK:. Chicken Basil Panini: Wonderful. I'm a sucker for anything with pesto. The cheese literally just pulls into string as you take a bite. Bread is crispy but not too hard.. . Smoked Salmon Sandwich (served warm): you can ask for this item, even though it's a "cold" item, to be served warm. It's scrumptious. Perferct for breakfast - I thought I was going to be hungry after I ate it because it seems so small. But I was actually full after it. Maybe because it was still morning and I was just waking up. Either way it's a great breakfast choice. I wasn't too crazy about the hard boiled egg in the sandwich. Next time I'll have to remember to ask them to remove that.. . Smoke Salmon Crepe: Better as the sandwich. Crepe itself had good consistency. . Dessert Trio: Comes with a macaron hugging raspberries, a peanut butter ice cream pop, and a small shot of creme brulee. Oh and did I mention that the base these all sit on is made of chocolate? Needless to say I didn't finish this.. . Fourth of July Special: Oh lord this was so tasty I'm secretly hoping that they serve it frequently but just dressed it up differently for the holiday. It's an uncle sam hat shape, covered in delicious butter cream fondant. Inside lemon vanilla cake with a butter cream and strawberries. SO GOOD. Independence day just isn't the same without strawberries.. . Smoothies: We ordered one, forgot the name. It had peach, mango, pinapple, and other tropical fruit. It was really tarte (which is good for us because we like it that way) but will probably disappoint those who prefer there smoothies to be on the more sugary side.. . Side note, you're going to end of up paying about $7-8 per sandwich. Desserts range from $5-10 as well. There are also other baked good options (muffins, bagels, etc.). . SERVICE:. It's crowded and you're in a line. Lol. But the waitstaff and people who were taking down our orders were pleasant and patient and not at all cranky as you might expect them to be after having to deal with dozens of people at a time.
Pretty much the only place you are going to find to have breakfast or COFFEE (other than room service) in the Aria.. . So, expect long lines.  . . Sandwiches and coffee are very good so it's worth the hype there. I think I gained weight just looking at all the tantalizing selections.  I just wish the lines were shorter....I hate waiting....I have the patience of a 4 year old.
Doubt you will find a patisserie of this caliber in all of the United States. Reason why Aria tapped Jean Philippe. Simply the BEST. Anything you order will be of pure perfection. I really would love to write a review of at least one item you should order. But it's difficult to say .. everything here is that amazing. MUST VISIT in Las Vegas.
I know this going to sound a little like sacrilege, but I'm not a huge fan of chocolate- but that is not what this review is about. While staying at the Aria Resort and Casino, each morning I would go down the elevator for a great cup of coffee, rather than prepare a weak one in the room. The pastries and the coffee they had were always quick and delicious. Service was friendly as well which is half the battle when you're just  waking up and just trying to unglue your eyes and enjoy a hot cup of Jo. For a sure-to-win cup of coffee or juice and maybe a pastry, you won't go wrong stopping here.
Be prepared to wait in a line. We checked out the Jean Philippe in the Bellagio and that was a cluster "you know what", so we decided to go to the Jean Philippe at Aria. At least the line is linear and doesn't confuse you like the one in the Bellagio.. . Expensive, but the taste is GREAT! It's hard to find a decent French patisserie in San Diego, so I'm happy to shell out a little more cash. . . Sandwich: I was super happy with my prosciutto sandwich. I think it was about $8 and I was satisfied with what I had. The bread had the famous crunch that French people cherish. I'm not a rosemary fan, but the bread had hints of rosemary and was crunchy. They smother a good amount of pesto on the bread and layer the sandwich with mozzarella, basil, tomato and luscious and light prosciutto. It was the closest taste I could have to pan con tomate and jamon iberico in Spain, so I was a happy camper. The sandwich was heated up so the mozzarella was melty which I loved. . . Lemon Meringue Tart: It was recommended by the worker. I asked her which one I should choose between the key lime tart or the lemon meringue. I would say the circumference of the tart is about 4 inches in diameter, so its a small dessert and you won't feel too guilty after eating it, especially after a sandwich! The meringue was soft and firm with toasted waves of heavenly taste. The lemon was sweet, tangy and tart. They also had a surprise of raspberries inside the lemon tart. The crust was light and airy. A very refreshing dessert. Think the dessert was about $6-8 as well.. . To Go Dessert: Get the Brioche with nutella. It's a hit with customers and compliments a cup of coffee very well. The nutella is nice and gooey inside the middle of the brioche. The brioche is made to look like a bread cupcake with the middle ozzing nutella. It's a favorite! . . Eating at the patisserie can be a challenge because there is always a line. I recommend that you really look at the choices before you get into line. Your mind goes back and forth as you wait in line passing the sandwiches and desserts. They also had generous portions of salads and other assortments of sandwiches and quiches. When you have made up your mind, then get into line. Anywhere from a 10 min to 20 min wait. Sometimes it is so busy that you might not find a seat at the patisserie. There are many barstools and tabletops, but if it gets too busy and there is no place to eat, you can walk around Aria and find a place to enjoy your goodies. I do prefer eating at the patisserie. Wash down a pastry with their delicious coffee. Again, don't be pissed or upset if you drop 20-$30 for yourself here. Places like this are hard to come by, so KNOW before you go.
Hit me with a Red Eye please.. . Nothing better than a Coffee w/ a shot of Espresso before a long night of drinking. If that's not your "cup of tea" then you must try their respective pastries. Variety alone will get you hungry even if you just finished a 4 course meal. JPP crushes the dessert market.. . Visited February 2013
I come here for the tiramisu gelato and the croissants every time I come to stay at Bellagio. The gelato has chunks of what looks like coffee soaked sponge cake or lady fingers and a heavy taste of the creamy taste in gelato from the mascarpone cheese. Most of the pastrys are very good. The blueberry brioche is one of my favorites however nothing can beat the magnificently made croissant.
Chocolate, pastries and the sweets are very good! However, the service is slow and not very friendly!!!
I ordered the Proscuitto Panini and Strawberry Lemon Cupcake.. . The panini was delicious. It was grilled perfectly crispy and flaky. The mixture of the prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato and pesto sauce were well balanced - seasoned well. I would eat it again!. . The cupcake was ok. It was very sweet. The cake itself has a very strong almond flavor. The topping is a very tart and sweet lemon flavor. I would not get this dessert again as there was nothing that made it stand out. It was just an okay dessert.
Wonderful, and to all those people one floor above in line at Starbucks .... Wake up!
Macarons. Chocolate croissants. Nutella pastries. Delicious. Wouldn't recommend the actual savory foods. Stick with the desserts.
Sweet tooth's galore! Loved all the chocolate pumpkins they had on display, but my mind was focused on one thing, macarons! Picked up an espresso and pistachio, and they are tiny at $2 a piece. But they were perfect bites of heaven! Things are pricey here as I witnessed a little boy get a milkshake for $10 here!
I only had one thing, but DAYYYUUUMMMM was it good. Had the raspberry cheesecake, which was surrounded by a white chocolate coating. I'm not a white chocolate person at all, but this was some good chocolate and even better cheesecake.
Came here with my cousins and im glad i did! Very delicious and fresh crepes. Walking up the place looks cute with glass shelves filled with unique chocolates and treats. I chose the exotic crepe. It came with fruit topping-mango, pineapple, and passion fruit. It also included a scoop of coconut sorbet. THE BEST sorbet I've had! Filled with fresh shredded coconut. I would go back and get that same crepe or just that sorbet. I also ordered to go a fresh fruit tartI are the next day. It was also fresh and tasty. Good fruit: pastry ratio. My one cousin enjoyed her crepe and my other his cookies n cream gelato We all said we would come back. The reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars was the service from the cashier
I love this place. It's one of the reasons I like staying at the Aria. We average about two stops per day when we're in Vegas. My very favorite thing is the rose macaron. The macaron is delicate and crisp and perfect and the fresh raspberries are delicious. It's big enough to share, but light and not too sweet and altogether delicious.. . The Asian salad is perfect for eating at the pool...refreshing and tangy and spicy, with lots of crisp veggies and well-cooked and seasoned shrimp.
Not a person hung up on sweets, but this place, oh my had amazing things! Yum! . . The chocolates & pastries were amazing! The nice thing is if you need something to offset the sugar rush they have some amazing sandwiches & salads as well. . . . This place is definitely a grab and go place. We couldn't find anywhere to sit & eat our desserts so we had to opt to take it to a lounge. That was the downfall. We weren't thrilled about eating some yummy treats in a smoke filled lounge. No good, but no choice. :( . . If you have a sweet tooth this is the place for you! If you stay in a nearby hotel they serve breakfast items as well.
To be fair, I only had one thing here. That one thing, turned out to be amazing and that was a nutella crepe with strawberries inside (((mouth begins to water))). I knocked off a star for the somewhat confusing layout (there are three separate lines) and you don't realize you're in the wrong one until you've already stood there and get to the front, only to be told you're in the wrong place. Great.  Since I wanted a crepe, they pointed in the opposite direction. So I jumped into yet another line and because of the layout, I wasn't sure if I was in the right place again (didn't see any crepes being made) so I ventured around the corner, saw crepe making and a register and stood there. And stood there, all the while being absolutely ignored. Finally, I asked if this is where I order and the unfriendly girl making crepes pointed to the line in which I previously stood. Kind of stupid since the menu can't be seen from the line so how would someone know what to order?? Based on a recommendation, I already knew what I wanted but had I not, that would have been frustrating. Seating can suck as well. That being said, the crepe was made fresh to order and was presented beautifully.  The display cases are gorgeous, packed full of every type of pastry and confection your heart (and hungover stomach) could possibly desire.
I love bakeries. Jean Phillipe's is the kind of place that makes a dessert lover want to cry because it's just too beautiful. Everything here is so pretty and cute and tasty looking, but all cost a pretty penny. It's probably best to just stare at the display cases for a long time and just pretend you're eating what's inside, because there's no possible way for you to afford the money or stomach capacity required to inhale everything you might want here. It's kind of tragic really. . . On a more serious note though, GET THE CREME BRULEE GELATO. IT TASTES LIKE REAL CREME BRULEE. THERES EVEN BROKEN UP SUGAR PIECES MIXED IN. ITS AMAZING. Okay I think I've said enough.
Chocolate... EXCELLENT! . Crepes ... EXCELLENT! . Pastries... EXCELLENT! . . Seating to enjoy your food... very limited, very tight seating areas (no real seating at the other location) . Ordering, disjointed, doesn't flow and can be a little confusing. . . Other than those minor things... the staff we nice and we really enjoyed our food.  I would recommend this to others. . . 4 Stars
Although I have been to Vegas enough to declare it a second home, I had no idea there were two Jean Philippe Patisserie. Literally next door to each. Well sort of.  I have passed this spot a few times, but had no idea it was the same as the fancy bakery with the chocolate fountain.. . My guess is this place is slightly busier than the Bellagio location. I was told there was a 45 minute wait for a crepe. Considering there were only a few people ahead of me in line, my only guess is that the other guests who ordered crepes were patiently waiting at a table or some d-bag in front me ordered for himself and 20 of his closest friends. Either way, I ended up with a sandwich, the rose macaroon, and a strawberry lemon cupcake. Total $25.. . Roast Beef Sandwich: Looks like it should be hot, but it's not. Despite that, it was actually pretty freakin' delicious. Maybe I'm biased, but the bread was soft and I love roast beef and horseradish. It was a pretty good size, still overpriced at $11. My guess is that it was made with extra love.. . Rose Macaroon: I have an aversion for anything that sounds like it'll taste like flowers. But my nephew said that looks good, and you only live once. It wasn't too flowery. I'm a sucker for macaroons, but I think regular sized versions are better. Purely for convenience.. . Strawberry Lemon cupcake: + 10 points for looking like the a cupcake from the future. +10 points for not disappointing in the flavor department (not too much lemon, not too much strawberry, not too sweet). + 5 because a spoon required (which sounds like it should be minus points, but I actually prefer cake in an actual cup and using a spoon. Keeps it neat.) I want this to be my next birthday cake. That's how much I loved it.
We had $50 daily worth of resort credit at Aria, which we really had a hard time using up, as we had already made dinner reservations elsewhere for the remainder of our stay... so we did what any foodie worthy person would do... head to Jean Phillipe and start pointing to pastries that look good, until you've covered your allowed $50 for the day... . Likes: the almond croissant is just fabulous, very well done, crunchy, not gummy as many others I've tried, with a delicious almond paste filling. Also on the top of the list are both Brioches' (the Nutella & Dulce de Leche) with a nice amount of filling... no skimping here. The cinnamon roll was very good, but nothing extraordinary. . Dislikes: The desserts.  Both cheesecakes we tried, pumpkin & original were not really proper cheesecakes, but rather a lighter version made with mouse.  Too much air, too light for a cheesecake ... When inquiring I was told that most if not all of their cakes and desserts are made with mouse. A proper cheesecake should be a bit dense, not too sweet, with a bit of cream cheese taste still identifiable... and these just weren't.
This place has great pastries. So far, I've had the chocolate eclair (which also has vanilla cream in the middle), thepb chocolate lollipop which had nuts encrusted over the top & the coffee with mocha.. All of these are pricey but yummy. . Yesterday I had the chicken Caesar salad for lunch. I think it was fairly priced & okay.. Just strolling by to look at the pastry case can be nice because their desserts provide great eye candy.
