Tasty food, nice wine, good atmosphere, overall very good.  The Fennel & Pear soup-of-the-day was light and delicious.  The chocolate mouse dessert was dark, rich, thick, and luscious, the best mousse I've ever had.
one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots in Vegas. I usually sit outside, and it is beautiful & comfortable when it is not too hot in Vegas.  Not the best of best, but you will enjoy their good food at beautiful Venezia hotel(Venezia is my favorite, most sophisticated building among other Venetian towers).  It is a great place for breakfast/brunch to start your day in Vegas.
i cry.  You walk in and you can tell it's a pretty fancy place.  Of course I went in flip flops. VEGAS BABYYYY. Anyways, perfect and elegant waiter.  We went for brunch and there was so many sweet and savory dishes to choose from!  We ordered the pastry basket and couldn't stop eating it!  The pastries were so rich in flavor and darn buttery!  My fiance got the croq monsieur sandwich and each bite was yolk heaven! I got the chicken and waffles and....not that good.  Maybe I should order french food at a french restaurant.  Service and view of the fountain made this meal so awesome!
I am giving it a 4.25.. My first experience with a Thomas Keller restaurant and it certainly did not disappoint. I came on a Tuesday evening so luckily it wasn't too packed.. . Went with a group of four so we all got a different dish to try and taste as many things as possible. Food goes as follows...... . French Onion Soup- One of the best preparations of french onion soup I've had, if not the best. The broth itself was extremely rich and flavorful and the cheese exterior was crunchy and went amazingly when mixed with the broth and onions. Beware because this dish is very rich and filling so it may be best to share it with someone else.. . Pork Chop with brussel sprouts-This is the dish I ordered and I was very glad I did. Pork was super flavorful and paired with the rich sauce and brussel sprouts, the combination was great. Would have liked the pork to be a little more tender though.. . Steak and Frites- The steak was done medium rare and was super flavorful. Came alongside a huge portion of frites which were damn near perfect. Great Dish.. . Leg of Lamb-My friend got the lamb medium rare and it was pretty good. Wasn't the best preparation of lamb and wasn't as tender as I would have liked, but the flavor was good and he really enjoyed it.. . Glazed Pork Belly-This was an appetizer special of the day. The pork came with a tiny portion, but was packed with flavor. Would definitely recommend this if it is a special of the day.. . Unfortunately we were beyond full at the end of the meal, we weren't able to order any dessert. Overall I really liked Bouchon and can't wait to try Keller's other restaurants. The reasons that it wasn't a 5 star for me was that it was a little pricey and service was a little pretentious, but other than that I was very satisfied.
I came here recently on a trip to Vegas with some friends. We made reservations that day when we checked into our room at The Venetian and were seated promptly when we arrived. The waiters were very friendly and everything was done according to etiquette (e.g. serving the ladies first, serving food only from your left side, etc.).They started us off with bread and butter which was very delicious. They also gave us a free appetizer of marinated olives, which was a very light appetizer so it was perfect before our big meal. I ordered the roasted chicken and it was incredibly tender and the meat fell off the bones. The side of celery and candied apples were also delicious. The size was very good for what we paid. We got a bottle of merlot that went very well with the meal and they served us several times in our glasses so we wouldn't even have to touch the bottle. After dinner we each got a different dessert and shared them all and they were all incredible and compliment each other well. The lemon tart was huge and easily the biggest dessert there. Very tangy so only get it if you like the sourness of lemon. The chocolate dessert was incredibly rich as was the meringue over cream. The custard caramel was extremely smooth and the right amount of creamy and sweet. I would definitely going there if you're looking for a nice dinner.
I love you Thomas Keller, I really do, but you didn't wow me here.  . . I had an overly salty croque madame (minus the egg) and very salty fries.  . . The huge plates of seafood floating through the restaurant looked decadent and indulgent.  If only I wasn't allergic.. . Next time I'll try the steak.... . The restaurant is lovely, and the energy is contagious.
I had the most lovely brunch at Bouchon during my Vegas Christmas wedding weekend. They offer very, very tempting brunch selections like chicken and waffles which looked mouthwatering. However, on this chilly Vegas morning I was slightly hungover and craving a more traditional (non traditionally late) breakfast. The "Breakfast Americaine" fit the bill. It came with crispy bacon, the best breakfast sausage I've ever had, eggs any way you can imagine them, and toasted buttery Brioche. In addition, it came with a breakfast pastry, juice and endless coffee.. . The chocolate croissant was the best chocolate croissant I've ever had, besides of course ones I've made in my pastry career and eaten fresh from the oven. The banana muffin was very moist and very delicious. The coffee was amazing and overflowing. Our waitress constantly warmed and refilled our cups. The service was great. I will be eager to return, next time for dinner!
Do I even need to write a review for the world famous  Bouchon? My husband and I went to Bouchon for brunch on a Saturday morning. The wait wasn't as bad as I anticipated considering the fact we were there the weekend of the CES Show. The warm and toasty baguettes they place at your table help make waiting for your meal a non-issue. I have never been a fan of french toast, but after impulsively ordering it at Bouchon, I am now french toast's biggest fan. Bouchon's french toast is a cinnamony, sweet, cylindrical stack of pure goodness. . The only reason I give Bouchon a 4 star rather than a 5 star is because my husband's $26 Breakfast Americain was really nothing special. It was a glorified Denny's breakfast (i.e...scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon). The only thing that saved it from being amongst the rank of diner food was the addition of a Bouchon pastry of your choice. O...M...G. We got the pain au chocolat, but really, they're ALL good. The almond financiers they were passing out at the entrance made me want to linger until lunchtime. Even if you can't eat a full meal here, the pastries are definitely worth checking out.
I finally had a chance to check out Bouchon for brunch when I was in town NYE weekend. We got there just in time before brunch was over and only waited about 15 minutes. Service was a bit slow, but I'm thinking it's because it was a busy weekend and it was nearing the end time for brunch. Not a big deal. Everything on the menu sounded soo good and I was hungry! Soo I plan on trying it again and getting something different next time!. . Anyway, they bring complimentary bread out with butter and a cherry jelly. I heart bread and butter so that was already a pretty good start. I ordered the Bouchon French Toast and my husband got the Croque Madame (because all the other tables around us had fries and he wanted to see what all that was about!). My french toast was small, dainty, and very beautifullly plated. It was tasty and I enjoyed it, however it comes out soaked in the maple syrup and there weren't enough slivers of the apple. Overall, it was good, but just a tad too sweet for me. My husband's croque madame was very good! And so were the fries. :) I wish I could have tried other things like the special appetizer of the day and the doughnuts, but we were full and I really wanted to get stuff from the bakery. =)
At last, I came back for brunch!  Their french toast with apples were amazing!  Light, moist, fluffy, not too sweet!  Gosh, it was a dessert in itself!. . The corned hash was okay.  Served with two eggs and potatoes mixed in with the corned hash.  I personally thought it was a tad bit too salty.. . We also had escargots for appetizer.  Served with puff pastries,  they were delicious! Buttery, warm puff pastries which absorbed the garlicky butter sauce the escargots were cooked in.  I will have to say, add more garlic please!. . Our waitress was pretty attentive.  She kept refilling our waters, which was great.  However, it took forever to get bread, which she never noticed we didn't get!  We had to ask the other helpers on the floor about 2-3 times to get us our epi bread.   The delicious jam and butter was sitting at our table for soo long, yet with no bread and everyone else around us getting some :( Also, the food took a while to get to our table!  Its brunch, we are hungry and want our food quick!. . Overall, pretty pleasant experience.  We may be back....
Listen.  When you want to do Vegas the right way, you go to Bouchon's for brunch after a long night out with your friends.  It will be one of the most amazing breakfast/lunch spots you'll find there.  It's hidden in the Venetian and when I say hidden, I mean VIP hidden.  You go up the elevator and arrive on a floor that's filled with all things decadent...high ceilings, lots of gold and elegance.  The food is nothing short of spectacular.  I literally had my breakfast and lunch there...LITERALLY.  I recall having their french pastries with a cup of latte and then moving on to their chicken, bacon and chive waffle in ONE sitting.  It was delicious!  I highly, HIGHLY recommend it for your next visit.  The price is a little more than your typical breakfast fare in Vegas but it's completely worth it!
Food was great!. . The food here was great and I think is a bit of a hidden gem among the all you can eat watery egg buffets that pollute Vegas.  My husband got the Sourdough Waffle and said it was the best he had ever eaten (and he has had a lot of waffles).  I got the French Toast (brioche) and thought it was perfectly presented and tasted excellent. . . The tables we were seated in was the kind where one person sits on a booth that runs the length of the restaurant and other sits opposite across a long skinny table in a chair.  I was seated almost uncomfortably close to the German woman next to me--she was closer than my husband across the table.  The weird spacial arrangement of the tables combined with the dish clatter and bustle of the brunch rush made the conversational aspect of breakfast a bit awkward.  It was hard to talk or have a conversation when you feel like you are talking as much to the strangers next to you as you are your spouse.  I think that the diners who sat at actual tables rather than the long skinny booth thing probably had a better dining experience.  Next time we go I will ask for a real table, even if I have to wait longer.  The seating arrangement is the only reason this place doesn't get a fifth star for me.
Been here a number of times over the years, only brunch.  Nice place. Good service, ambiance, etc.  . . This time on the suggestion of a friend, I got the chicken waffles.  These put Roscoes to shame.. . Waffles were light and crispy, and savory, chicken was extremely tender, and the mushroom gravy was potent.  This is almost the polar opposite of what Roscoes has become (so so chicken and eggo type waffles). . While obviously more $ than Roscoe's (it's close though, since roscoes is kinda pricy), it beats it hands down in the quality.  . . As for other dishes, well, I think they are good but ok for the price.  Just the Chicken + waffles caught my eye this time.. . I'd say it's a 4.5, I'd come here again.
After eating here a few times, I feel comfortable with a solid 4-star rating...for Breakfast.  Breakfast was by far my favorite meal here.  I think my expectations for dinner were simply too high, and frankly there are way too many fine dining options in town to bother giving dinner here another try.. . Initially I balked at eating breakfast here, but truth be told, after spending $45 for two at the Grand Lux Cafe (your basic small buffet experience, not unlike a business Marriott buffet), I figured how much pricier could it be at Bouchon?  Answer:  An additional $5. That's a bargain for the upscale environment, attentive service, and made-to-order food.. . Their breakfast beignets are not to be missed, especially with their homemade peach jam.  Their fresh baguettes with butter and jam are also delicious.  You could easily be chowing down in a Parisian cafe.  I was especially happy with the yogurt parfait, which consisted of a layer of sauced berries, topped with vanilla yogurt, topped with granola, all served in an adorable mason jar.  Perfect way to start the day.  The Bud enjoyed the boudin blanc sausage, which was plump, juicy, and well balanced with spices.  The coffee refills were quick, and the coffee wonderfully strong.  This will be my breakfast spot the next time we come through town, no question.  But if I'm looking for dinner, I have a hard time straying from the Mesa Grille over at Caesars.
Not a great place to come on a diet.. The (no bread) tomato soup du jour was delicious if a little salty, and the (no bread) salad with (no bread) goat cheese was good as well.. Aside from the gigantic, tempting tray of amazing looking pastries - croissants, beignets filled with jam, almond things, sticky buns, etc., I almost didn't even notice all the things I couldn't have (chicken and waffles, baguette with butter, jam and nutella, croque madam, baguette some more, quiche, more bread and pastries, french toast, sparkling rose . . . . . )  Service was swell.. . * sigh *
The entrees were amazing, Gnocchi was ridiculously rich and pan fried, steak was delcious. Scallop appetizer was very fresh but the citrus poaching lacked flavor. Food is close to 5 stars but the service... I'm going to be snobilicioius here and say that the hostess nor waitress could pronouce my fairly common french last name correctly and the waitress could not pronounce the menu items correctly (all in french). Lame
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. It's located in the Venetian I believe on the 10th floor.  I can't remember.  The pasta dishes are exquisite.  The service is great and you can really tell that folks love their job and the food quality is impeccable.  I would eat here every day if I was not worried about weight.  I need a tape worm.
Full review in Blog:. . There are very few restaurants I feel compelled to return to again and again - the ones I do are genuinely mind blowing (Alinea,) cheap and kitschy (Griddle Cafe,) or...well, Bouchon Las Vegas.  Open for breakfast, brunch, and dinner I'd been to Chef Keller's Vegas Bistro on each of my previous three visits to Las Vegas and the opportunity to eat Christmas Brunch there with the three most important people in my life was simply too perfect and obvious a choice to pass up.  Having contacted the restaurant to be sure they'd be open on Christmas I was informed that they were indeed open but not taking reservations as is their Saturday Brunch policy - I was also told there would be "holiday themed" specials available.. . Waking early to be sure we'd arrive plenty early I have to admit I was a tad surprised when we were the first people in line at 7:45am, though we'd quickly be joined by twenty or so others before the doors opened with a pleasant Merry Christmas from the staff at exactly 8am.  Checking in at the hostess stand we were quickly whisked away to a great four-top near the windows overlooking the pools at the center of the Venezia tower and presented with menus.  With water poured the next person to visit our table would be our server, a pleasant young woman named Arlene who would live up to Bouchon's customary service - interested and forthcoming, knowledgable and efficient.  Describing the chalkboard specials (no "holiday themed" options to be found) and taking drink orders we were left to ponder our choices.. . With two coffees, a tea, and orange juice served and refilled consistently (save for the orange juice) by the ever circling bussers we sat for mere moments before the ever-welcomed epi-baguette would arrive, this time with that same lovely butter and apricot preserves.. . Starting the meal proper and finally dining at Bouchon's brunch with a group I was this time able to order the pastry basket I'd previously held off on for fear that it would go to waste.  With four options to the basket plus one included with my aunt's Breakfast Americane the basket would actually be a silver platter with a blue cloth.  Featuring a cream cheese Danish, Pecan Sticky Bun, Orange Currant Scone, Chocolate Almond Croissant, and two Raspberry Beignets each taste was everything I've come to expect from Bouchon bakery and both the Cheese Danish and Orange Currant Scone were truly remarkable given the fact that I generally would not have ordered them at other restaurants.  Rumor has it that Keller is working on a Bouchon Bakery cookbook and this experience once again made me hope the rumors are true.. . For my mother the choice would be a dish familiar to myself from two years prior; the bread pudding style French toast.  This time using D'anjou pears as opposed to the Bartletts from my visit but again with lovely layers of custard interspersed with cinnamon spiked compote of fruit between each layer there really isn't much that can be said about this dish that hasn't been praised before - a touch of maple syrup, a dust of confectioner's sugar to finish a truly decadent breakfast.  To temper the sweetness she also ordered a side of bacon - 7 thick strips of apple wood smoked Kurobuta pork for a mere $5.. . For my sister, still feeling the effects of the gluttony at Picasso the night before, something light was desired and the decision was made to sample Keller's Waffle recipe.  Spiked with vanilla and so crispy on the exterior that I'd not be surprised if cornmeal was involved, the interior of the waffle was supple and spongy - textbook.  Topped with fresh bananas and chopped walnuts at a cost of $12 I can't say this was a cheap waffle, but all things considering it was light, tasty, and unfaultable.. . My breakfast selection would be from the chalkboard.  Described merely as Oeuf du jour with Crab and Macaroni Gratin the dish itself would be served in a steaming hot low-ramekin.  Featuring tender macaroni intermingling with plump chunks of crab, gruyere, breadcrumbs, and butter at its base the dish was subsequently topped with two medium scrambled eggs and sauce Mornay with paprika and chives.  Creamy yet textural, slightly briny but sweet, and buttery beyond anything I've had in recent memory the dish was perhaps the best savory I've ever had for breakfast and the golden brioche served alongside harkened memories of Per Se and The French Laundry.. . With plates cleaned our bussers would clear the table rapidly and Arlene would return with the check - no offer of dessert, just a "No Rush - Merry Christmas and thanks for having brunch with us today" as she handed us the check in a glass cup.  A tad annoyed at the lack of promised "holiday themed" specials we settled the tab and made our way to the door by 9:05 - a mere hour after we entered.  While certainly a good meal with great company this visit to Bouchon was a letdown largely due to heightened expectations.
When I think of Paris I think of great food and wine. So when we went to Bouchon I had to go with a classic  -  Steak Frites and a nice red to wash it down.. . The room decor was classic Paris, not over done with a nice open feel.  The steak was a filet cut, well seasoned, and cooked perfectly at medium rare. The shoe string fries were crunchy and plentiful.. . The service was good with only a couple glitches. One it took forever to get a steak knife. The other was it took a while to get my wine.  However, I do take part of the blame having steak and wine at 10AM with the morning staff in full waffles, eggs, coffee, and juice mode.  It is Vegas though and I've got to keep them on their toes because I'm sure that's not the strangest request of the day!
Great lunch/brunch spot at the Venetian. Kinda neat because it's a little bit hidden. The restaurant (very open, high ceilings and huge windows with lots of light) is so much larger than the Bouchon in Yountville, which is actually very nice without being too large. Unfortunately, the chicken and waffle was slightly dry and did not live up to expectations (was expecting Ad Hoc juicy and flavorful chicken). The corned beef hash was pretty good and very meaty. Coffee was quite good. Overall, good brunch and better than the average Vegas restaurant.
This place is great. we didn't go for dinner cuz it was a bit too pricey. But we went for their express menu. It was alright. Wish we could have splurged on dinner though. We got the ham and cheese and the smoked salmon and an order of fries. Expensive for what it was but still good.
Four star food at a three star price.  If you are in Vegas, it's a must for brunch.  Highlight: all things baked and the chicken and waffles.
Entree was definitely not hot enough but otherwise everything was very yummy. If you're ordering the steak, I suggest Lux Cafe downstairs instead.
Happening brunch spot tucked away in some wing of the massive Venetian hotel.  Coffee here is excellent; both drip and espresso, didn't get a chance to try the French Press but I can't imagine it would be worse!  Was only a 20 minute wait for a party of 4.  Mango Bloody Mary was really good; and the jam and butter and baguettes are delish.  Had the croque madame, which was really good but the toast was a little on the well-done side.  Atmosphere a little noisy, but other than that pretty solid food, good drinks, and good coffee.
I came here for brunch on my last Vegas trip since I've heard so much about it. It did not disappoint! We did wake up kind of late that Sunday so there was a bit of a wait. They said it would be an hour but the queue moved pretty quickly and we were seated in half an hour. . . I had the croque madame and bf had the americaine. Both meals were equally delicious. One thing I have to note is that I was expecting smaller portions. My croque madame came with a gigantic pile of fries. I barely made a dent into my plate. Bouchon does brunch pretty well in my opinion.. . The one stand out feature: beignets. I LOVE beignets. I have yet to find some place close to home that serves beignets so when I saw them on the menu, I had to try them. They don't look or taste like traditional southern beignets but they are so so delicious. I could have done without my actual entree and just had plates of their beignets. Something you should try when you swing by this place.. . The service here is also amazing! I don't think any of my glasses managed to reach the half way mark since they were constantly refilled by any and everyone. Everyone was so friendly and answered any questions we had. To sum it up, I had a wonderful experience here. It has secured a spot on my to-do list every time I go to Vegas.
Dude... Bouchon is just so yummy... I had to share that fact again. . . Had the beignets again... (spelled correctly this time) and they were just heavenly. This time they had the "spice" ones... they are just so good. My omelette was boring... but that was my bad. The chicken and waffles my buddy had were delicious. . . I really just love going to this place!
Dessert for breakfast!!. . I had the apple French toast this time around and it was delicious - a syrupy soaked tower,  bread pudding style, layered with baked apples and garnished with fresh slices of apple.  I wish I could've had a scoop of vanilla ice cream with it.. . The winner is still the croque madame though - buttery, cheesy,topped with a perfectly done egg.. . Really attentive service too - impeccable timing.
Steak Frites. Can't go wrong w/ that. It was really yums! The fries could be a bit more soggy as in more steak juice!! but other than that I can't complain.. . The beignets were good too! These are evil lil fried goodies and I do  not regret one bite.. . Also had the Sturgeon which is the special of the day and I thought it was just ok.  The sauce that they made was quite flavorful, but it was really not my thing. Wish I had room to try their mac n cheese. Maybe I need to come back w/ more people so I can try more things off their menu!
Thanks Thomas Keller for the amazing dining experience! Decided to do Valentine's Day early this year with the lady. Where to start of with this place... . #1 The butter was simply amazing. I didn't ask, but I would've believed them if they told me the butter was freshly churned. . . We started off with the beignets, and frites. My God, these beignets were simply delightful. Gorgeously fried, with an amazing filling, and the fries were delish! Ask for a side of the roasted garlic aioli, and ketchup! The aioli was perfect compliment to the fries. . . I had the trout, and the GF had the scallops. Simply amazing! Trout was filled with a cauliflower and garlic crouton stuffing broiled to perfection. The scallops were amazing. Perfect, juicy, and tender. We shared a side of brussel sprouts that were sauteed and broiled in pancheta and olive oil.. . Drank Paul Bara all through out the night.. . If you don't order booze, your wallet wont be too overly busted!
We were gonna go for the Wynn brunch buffet but the 1.5-2 hour wait didn't seem worth it.. so we came here and THANK GOD WE DID. Bill for more food than we could finish was actually less than what we would have paid for the Wynn buffet, and super reasonable for  deliciousThomas Keller fare.. . First off, the cute baguette and butter/jam. Fresh and crunchy and soft and warm and that butter was amazing. Boyf got the BREAKFAST AMERICAIN (eggs, bacon, sausage, brioche toast), simple but very good. Came with coffee, juice (he got grapefruit for me!), and a choice of pastry. We chose the PECAN ROLL, which was surprisingly light and flaky and not overly sweet. We got a side of POMMES FRITES too and they were great. My TRUITE GRENOBLOISE (pan-roasted trout w/cauliflower florets, sultanas, toasted brioche, truffle cauliflower puree) was devastatingly flavorful and perfectly cooked.. . The restaurant is tucked away on the 10th floor of the Venetian, so unlike most Vegas hotel restaurants, it has huge windows and is away from the craziness.. . Only negatives was that the trout came with a lot of bones and we had to wait 30 mins for Saturday brunch for a table.. and I would have happily sat at one of the many empty hightops if I was told that was an option. They're well-staffed but not very friendly.
I heard this place had a great Sunday brunch but we came on a weekday for breakfast.  I only ordered a pain au chocolat and tea and my bf ordered a breakfast entree.  He said it was one of the best breakfasts ever. My crossiant was very good. Extra flaky!  We come back for more next time!
Came here to start and end my trip.. . They are open for lunch on a weekday, but its a lighter fare. The menu was pretty limited to various soups, salads, and sandwiches. I got the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato bisque soup. The portion was just right and it really hit the spot and filled me up, though probably too small for people with huge appetites.. . When I came for brunch a few days later, I had the bouchon french toast and the pomme frites. I really loved the jam they served with the bread. Very fruity and soft and jellylike. The frites order was huge and we couldn't finish it between the 3 of us. We barely made a dent in it before our food was served. The french toast looks small, but it packed a heavy punch because it was soaked with syrup. Mmm.. . Service was attentive. I had to dock a star because we waited more than we had to. We went up and asked how much longer and they said they looked for us but couldn't find us (3 table seatings ago). Yeah sure, we were in the sitting area and didn't hear them call us at all.. . Great food. Good service. Not the best hosting.
5 stars for the atmosphere. 3.0 stars for the food. 3.0 stars for the price. 5 stars for the service. . We decided to come here on Valentine's Day. Since this was our first time, we didn't know that we had to take another set of elevators from the parking garage up. Luckily we asked someone fairly quickly and we were able to find this place. I was pretty impressed with the decor when we walked in.. . I wasn't sure what to expect. I didn't know who Thomas Keller was except for the fact that he had a Bouchon in Napa Valley too. We decided to start with Rillettes aux Deux Saumons. Smoked salmon and fresh salmon in a cute lil jar to spread on crunchy bread. This was delicious and a good way to start off our meal. After going back and forth between the special and the trout, I decided to go with the trout (Truite Grenobloise). It normally comes with the head attached, but I requested for the head to not be there. I wasn't a big fan of the toasted brioche, but overall the fish was tender, moist and just a tad bit too buttery for my liking. The fiance ordered the Gigot d'Agneau (lamb with lamb tongue). His lamb was a overcooked, which made it a lil tougher to eat. The tongue you couldn't even tell it was in the sauce, but it comes with beans and we are both not a huge fan of beans. For a side dish, we ordered the Mac and Cheese which was nothing special.. . Overall, I thought our bill was fairly reasonable, less than 150 bucks for 2 drinks, an appetizer, two entrees and a side dish, but I wish the food was better. Maybe we will come some other time and try other dishes....
Had breakfast here awhile ago but I remember the meal like it was yesterday.   We ordered the trout and their famous chicken and waffles.  Both entres delicious.  I was never a trout fan untilthen.  It was beautifully presented and the fish was so fresh.  My mouth is watering just thinking of it.  Bouchon never fails to impress.
***Bouchon's brunch is a good and not-too-expensive alternative to Vegas' breakfast buffets and their chicken and waffles is a good place to start***. . This Bouchon location at The Venetian is open for breakfast Monday thru Friday, dinner nightly and brunch on the weekends.  I believe the Beverly Hills location is just open for lunch and dinner so it made sense to give this Vegas spot a try for a nice brunch.. . Bouchon is located on the tenth floor of the hotel.  They seem to have three dining areas--a classic indoor brasserie, outdoor dining and a private room for private parties and larger groups (which is where we dined on this visit).  I haven't been to their outdoor dining area, but the private room lacks the classic French brasserie feel of the main dining area.  The tables though are still nice (white table cloth) and the seating is comfortable.. . For brunch, they started us off with a complimentary epi baguette that was served with butter and a smooth/thick cherry jam.  The epi baguette (a wheat stalk shaped bread where you rip off individual baguettes) was good.  The bread's crust was good and distinct while the center had a good chew to it.  The butter spread easily and the jam was flavorful.. . I went with their signature roasted chicken and bacon and chive waffles.  The roasted chicken was very good.  It was a half chicken.  The breast was tender and moist.  The skin had a great flavor and was nicely crispy.  The thigh and leg had much more flavorful meat as well as crispy skin (not too greasy or fatty either).. . They served the chicken with a Sauce Chasseur.  The chicken was very flavorful and did not need it, but the sauce was a great accompaniment.  The sauce was similar to a brown gravy and was very flavorful.  The sauce had a good white wine taste to it and there were chunks of good veggies in it including mushrooms, carrots and onions.. . The bacon and chive waffle was fluffy.  It was an interesting flavor combination.  First, you taste the vanilla (they used a good amount of it in the waffle).  Then you get the crispy and savory bacon taste.  Then you get the onion-like chive taste.  The waffle was garnished with a creamy Tahitian vanilla butter and maple syrup.  I am not sure if the flavor combination would be for everyone, but I liked the waffle.. . I also had some of the bacon a la carte and it was pretty good.  Flavorful and crisp though maybe not as good as some of the premium bacon out there (like the Niman Ranch bacon they serve at Huckleberry).. . Service was good.  The waiter was friendly, polite and attentive.  The rest of the staff was attentive too.  Food came out an okay pace (maybe slightly slower than we would have liked).  Still, despite being a large party, all the food came out at about the same time.. . For brunch, pricing was high here, but then pricing is high at a lot of Vegas restaurants.  Entrees run anywhere from about $15 to $25 here.  The good thing is that portions on most of the dishes are big enough that you do not have to supplement your order with any sides or pastries (they were providing a complimentary coffee cake-like dish in the waiting area and it was good).. . This was my second visit to the Las Vegas Bouchon.  I've also been to the Beverly Hills one.  The roasted chicken and waffles was the best thing I've had here at either location and I would most likely come back here again for brunch if I was in Vegas for the weekend.  Service and food have been decent enough on both visits that I would also consider them for dinner.. . There is a free parking structure at The Venetian.  The free parking structure has elevators that conveniently take you to the Bouchon restaurant without having to walk through the casino.
I like this place enough to revisit.. . I had the American Breakfast with a pecan sticky bunn. My husband had the Sourdough Waffles, Our cousins had the french toast, chicken and waffles. Everyone enjoyed their food and the cherry jam that was complimentary with the bread. Lastly, we had the beignets, which look more like donuts and tasted closer to a churro served with hazelnut chocolate and a cherry like chutney or jam.The service was good as well.
On the 10th floor of The Venetian, there is a gorgeous French bistro with lofted ceilings, delectable food and impeccable service. Apparently some guy named Thomas Keller put this whole thing together. He seems to know what he's doing.. . Everything impresses from the start. The martinis are perfect, the bread is fluffy and plentiful, and the pistachios a pleasant surprise. We started with the impossibly rich pate, and an equally decadent goat cheese salad. . . The sizable appetizer portions left us too full to finish the tender, meaty lamb shank special (served atop mushrooms, greens and a buttery potato puree) and the curiously crispy gnocchi accompanied by endive, Kalamata olives and even more goat cheese. (Both dishes were nearly as appetizing the next day, but the presentation was far better at the restaurant than crushed together out of a mini-fridge at 5 am.). . Did I mention this dinner was FREE?* And even better, they hand out free beer as you sit on the bench outside the restaurant, clutching your painfully full stomach. Wait, that might not be standard, actually. But some drunks did wander by and give me some of their Bud Light.. ___________. . *Well, free for me at least. Although Bouchon is not cheap by any means, it is surprisingly on the affordable end of celebrity chef restaurants in Vegas...so when the lady took the check, I put up little resistance. Because I'm a gentleman.
Located in the Venetian hotel - this restaurant was the best I've experienced so far on the strip.  While service was a bit off this night it was still great.. . Our table was comprised of 5 people all of which were professional foodies.  No watching the Food Channel does not make most of you on here a foodie.  We work in the hotel food and beverage business.  We do know what we are doing.. . The French onion soup was outstanding.  Not salty with just the right balance of stock, broth and cheese.  . . Most of us had steaks.  I had the Steak Bouchon - NY Strip cooked perfectly.  The price was $45 but appropriate for a French dining experience.  It included Yukon Gold potatoes and Broccolini.  I am unsure if the steaks were USDA Prime.  It was not listed on the menu so I will have to assume USDA Choice.  . . We did not experience dessert, but the after dinner coffee was awesome.  I had decaf due to the hour of the evening and it was full of flavor.  . . Atmosphere was upscale and well thought out down to how the servers tie the knot on their apron.  I thought the menu as a napkin ring was a great idea!   . . Come casual in your nice jeans and a jacket or a suit and tie.
So I had Breakfast here, and sometimes in Vegas, besides the buffets, a great breakfast is a hard thing to come by. This Breakfast was spectacular. My boyfriend and I both had the Donuts with Chocolate sauce, naughty and delicious! And then we had the Corned Beef Hash, homemade and delicious! I would suggest this place to anyone, ideal location on the strip!
I went to Bouchon for dinner a few years ago and remember not being very impressed but my recent visit to Bouchon for brunch was enjoyable and memorable. . . They serve brunch until 2 p.m but do not accept reservations.  We arrived on a Sunday at 12:30 p.m. and waited approximately 30 minutes. . . For starters, we ordered the beignets which was served with a duo of nutella and rasberry spreads.  The beignets were delicious -- warm, covered with sugar, soft on the inside and perfectly crispy on the outside.. . I had the corned beef hash with two eggs which was really good.  The croque madame, which is essentially a ham and cheese brioche with a fried egg, was hearty but good as well.  Of course, brunch is never complete with a mimosa. :). . I'm a fan!
My first taste of Bouchon were these complimentary little almond cakes they had by the hostess' stand. I only took one, but you can be sure I wanted to go and stock up. . . We were seated in a large booth in the back. We all started off with some drinks for brunch. I ordered the Champagne Cocktail which had a sugar cube in it, but it didn't taste like any special champagne or cocktail. They started us off with some bread and butter/jam. The bread was hard and bleh. I was expecting much better bread, but I loved the jam! Me and a friend shared our meals. I had ordered the Crepes du Jour and she ordered the Croque Madame. And they were both delicious. The Croque Madame came with a mountain of fries. Not sure why they give so much, but it really was too much. . . Our waiter was good. There was one mix-up with the orders, but it was corrected promptly. It is pricey. I spent $50 (meal and tip).
Dinner at Bouchon was wonderful..I had the chicken dish and it was amazing, the dessert...brownie shaped wine corks are very good as well. I like the upscale but bistro ambiance. The food was comfort french with unique twists. Overall a very delicious meal, but for the price I might try somewhere else next time before heading back.
Soooo good! The pastry basket is perfect for groups and the service was great. I can't wait to go back to eat dinner!
Eaten here x3 now and I must say they've improved and are now on par with the other two.
Yeah! We finally made it to the long time coveted brunch at Bouchon and it did not disappoint. . . We started with the special of the day appetizer: salmon tartare, good but not the best we've had.  Loved their bread with house- made butter and silky smooth jam. Caveat: don't overeat on the bread. Unfortunately, we made that mistake. . .  I had their special of the day entree, an omelette with shrimp, mushroom sauce over a house made puff pastry. Yummy.  We also had the chicken & waffle which was delicious. It comes served with a vanilla bean butter and cinnamon maple syrup. The roasted chicken was moist and delightful in flavor and the waffles were light and scrumptious. Thomas Keller definitely does his chicken right. (Although nothing compares to the fried chicken from Adhoc.). . My friend had the croque madame which was covered with a mountain of frites. The frites were good but lacked the crunchy texture I usually like.  The brioche was of course drenched in butter but balanced with the salty flavors of the ham. We felt like it needed a citrus component. It wasn't our favorite dish of the day. Next time we mayjust go with 3 entrees among us 4. We were overly stuffed. . . We will return again for dinner! I love Thomas Keller restaurants. Always great service, reasonable prices and delightful food.
Impromptu Vegas trip and opted to dine here again. Second time at this restaurant. Ordered the Gnocchi, girls ordered the lamb and mussels. DELISH with every bite! Order some specialty drink - arrived in a rustic mug. Fancy restaurant serving a rustic mug? I.LOVED.IT!. . Can't wait to go back, service wasn't too shabby. Perfect attentiveness and perfect meal for a long, random night on the town.
The food and service was outstanding.  The dumb hostess is another story! . . Waited at the desk for quite some time and flagged down the hostess who had seated the couple standing in front of us.. . Her reaction to us was "I thought you were just standing there". Duhhh! I guess many people just stand in line next to the "wait to be seated" sign without wanting to be seated!
Bouchon gets a strong four stars for its great breakfast coffee and its chicken and waffles. The roasted chicken is cooked well, and the bacon and chives in the waffles definitely is interesting. Nevertheless, I'd try another item next time.
Dinner here was expensive, but that's what you should expect when your eating at a french bistro, in las vegas, in the venetian hotel. Oysters are a must have here. I ordered the steak and it was slow, i should have know it wasn't goin to be medium rare like i wanted it to be. I like the fries that was included with my steak. It was great quality, better than i expected, only matching mcdonalds fries. Its not like it, just would hold the same standards to them. . . Anyways, next time I will come earlier if I have plans for the club after, waiting it going to be slow on a weekend night. Expect the whole experience to be 2 and a half hours. Next time I go, dinners goin to be at 6 or 7. that just me
Just get the chicken and waffles and hush...
Great restaurant to go if you have money.  Had the New York strip and some wine.  The service here is amazingly attentive.  They give you proper attention while giving you some privacy to talk to your group.  This is the second time I have dine here and both times, I have left satisfied.  Not much to say but get dressed up and bring your credit card(s).  This is Vegas.
Keller and French cooking.  That about sums it up.. . For brunch, the chicken and waffles is a winner. Not to mention the fresh made profiteroles are fantastic, order before they sell out.  Can't go wrong with anything on the menu really as far as I'm concerned.. . This place is located on an upper level at Venetian, you take the guest room elevators up and then cross the sky bridge and you arrive at the entrance. By no means cheap, but also not as expensive as many places in Las Vegas.  If you self park, there is a special Bouchon elevator at the ground leve of the parking structure.
This is the second time my wife and I have been to Bouchon. Before this last Vegas trip I watched an old episode of Anthony Bourdain in Paris. He and Eric Rippert were going around eating in both bistros and super fancy, pretentious French restaurants. Anyhow, this gave me a massive craving for French food that I needed to satisfy.. . Knowing that I couldn't afford anything by Joel Robouchon, and could just barely afford Thomas Keller, I went for the latter. However, knowing what kind of experience I was going into, perhaps my expectations were a bit too high. Yes, the food was perfectly prepared and the service was attentive. Yes, I ordered things I did not have the first time around (ordered steak frites, boring but oh so good). Still, after spending 218 bucks for two people, I'm not sure I was completely satisfied. . . Look, the four stars are based on the overall experience. And yes, I was influenced by the fact that Keller has three Michelin Stars. At the same time, I didn't walk out this time feeling I had creamed my pants. My wife was looking forward to scallops (on the online menu by the way). They didn't have a scallop entree, but did have a special scallop appetizer that they told us they ran out of after my wife ordered it. She settled for some heavenly French onion soup. I ordered the charcuterie platter which was enough for 4 people (ate it all myself). If it came with some proper bread, this could've been my entire meal. . . For our main course my wife had the special sea bass, served with gnocci, eggplant, and shitake mushrooms. I thought the fish was a bit bland, but she seemed to like it. I had the roast leg of lamb, oh so tender with barely a hint of gaminess. It came with this block of something. I don't know what it was, but it had a quichelike consistency and it was good. We finished off dinner sharing what we thought were some chocolate covered cream puffs, but the cream turned out to be ice cream. Very nice with coffee. . . Sounds great right? Well, we added a bottle of wine for dinner. I figured if one glass cost 10-20 bucks, might as well get an entire bottle for 50 bucks. Yes, I hate spending that much, knowing it's a 10 dollar bottle, but they all do that. However, online they advertise a new system they call "vin de carafe." It says they buy a bunch of "house style" wine in bulk, serve it in carafes without labels so that people can enjoy wine with their meals at low cost. This is the essence of bistro fair right? Well, the waiter had never heard of it and I decided not to press it. Disappointed, but overall still a nice experience. Definitely go once, but after that spending over 100 bucks a person is up to you.
I have been to the Bouchon in Napa. This one is a close second. A restuarant in a casino does not compare to the original but the service, food and ambiance compares. The food was excellent. We started with the salmon riellete and oysters. I had the grilled sturgeon perfectly cooked. My freind had the lamb. He was pleased with it. I tried it, it was a little too pungent for me but had good flavor. We capped the meal off with some absinthe and a bowl of fresh berries. All in all a very good meal. It was my freinds first time eating there and his words were "I was blown away".
Me and my friends has an excellent experience, we had a large party 13 people and came in for Saturday Morning Brunch.. The wait was about 40 minutes, no reservations available for morning brunch/breakfast. . We got seated in a private room in the back, pefectly set table with dark woods and a door leading directly to the kitchen I believe for the staff to serve us.. . Me and my friend shared our meals so I got to try out the Chicken and Waffles (which they said was their signature dish) and the Steak Frites (http://media4.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/huF7W4IYxrAyfL8Pa_klmA/l0. The waffles were light and delicious, chicken was extremely moist with crispy skin.  It came with 2 sauces of syrup and some type of gravy which complimented the food nicely.. The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare as requested, it had a onion-y flavor to it, looks like it was crusted with some type of onion sauce which I liked.  There is a huge slab of butter placed on top which make the meat so flavorful!. . The service was excellent and I think everyone liked their food.  Definitely a more up-scale joint for brunch, I think seating for a smaller party would have been much faster, but the private room was nice!. . Oh there was a oyster bar inside as well and the dinner/lunch menu's looked great!  I will try and stop by for lunch or dinner next time!
OMG, this place is amazing for Vegas hangovers. Try the brioche french toast. I've soaked in the secret garden hot tubs at the Venetian from 6am-7am just to wait for this place to open!. . Surprisingly, I actually prefer the Vegas Bouchon to the Yountville one. But I'm biased to crazy vegas adventures that end at Bouchon.
I had the Salade de Betteraves: heirloom beets, marinated baby fennel, navel orange & Oregon hazelnuts with petite frisee.  It was divine!  If you like beets--this is your Nirvana.  The combination of flavors was perfect.
Bouchon, this is such a tough rating. I really struggled with how to rate this restaurant. I begged my husband to come here. I saw this restaurant on Anthony Bourdain and  he said that the fries at Bouchon were better than at his restaurant. The atmosphere was great.. We went in for breakfast and I ordered the bread pudding French toast. It was bland. It wasn't bad but it really isn't worth mentioning or trying. I love bread pudding and I love French toast so I thought it would be amazing. My husband on the other hand ordered the sourdough waffle...it was AMAZING.  It was so good I wanted to eat it slowly so it would last. We went back the next day and ordered the waffles again...they were wonderful.. My issues, neither the waffle nor the bread pudding came with a side and for the price and portion size it should come with a side. As for the fries, well we ordered a side and they were so overcooked we sent them back. They brought us out another side of fries and they weren't much better. They were too hard and too crispy. If you like the small, hard and crispy fries these may be for you. But I didn't think they were very good. . The service was also good. So with how wonderful the waffles were but with how average almost everything else is... I still have to give this place 4. More than I remember any of the average aspects....I remember how wonderful those waffles taste.
I give this place 4.5 stars.  This was the first time I've been here for dinner.  The other two times were to have breakfast.  I looked at the menu online before I went, and I was pretty certain what I'd get but I wanted to see any specials they might have.. . Soup:  I got the Spinach potage, the name on the specials board.  My waiter described it as a potato leek soup with emulsified with spinach.  It had a goat cheese mousse on top with some Nicoise olive oil.  Very tasty soup.. . Main course: Steak frites.  Cooked rare as ordered and tons of french fries.  This is very characteristic of any Bouchon meal with frites.  At some point, you have to decide whether you want to finish all of those tasty critters or save some room for dessert and just let them go.  That's what I opted to do.. . Dessert:  The desserg special tonight was Neopolitan French macaron ice cream sandwiches one of each of the traditional Neopolitan flavors.  They're the standard macarons you can buy in the Bouchon Bakery downstairs but they were filled with ice cream rather than the cream the macarons normally have.  These were outstanding.. . I really like coming to Bouchon.  I like the room, the nice view to the 10th floor courtyard, and the food is quit interesting.  My server was Brandon, and he was excellent!  The bus person was there to refill my iced tea, and when he noticed there wasn't enough ice, he brought me a new glass of ice, filled it with tea, and took the other glass away.  Really outstanding service.  . . It's no wonder that when I have a friend text me that he's going to Bouchon for breakfast and asks, "Do you want to meet me there?" that I send a Yes answer back quickly.. . Here are the links to the photos of tonights repast.. . . Spinach potage:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=pgpbWHklxCYh2BqhFbzY6Q. . Butter cup, bread, and dish of pistachios:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=2GpdTnZLS1ERZkIEo8aA8w. . Steak frites:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=UPsLa1GuEymVl0bmHu0uSw. . Neopoliatan French Macaron ice cream sandwiches . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=4FQvAgqPM5ArZelwZpSiSg. . Iced Tea and carafe:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=zpxcTWEoBQuXsoMlsXJq5w. . Napkin with menu:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=FN8sFAnuP3Lt2sLxrBu7Vg. . Specials board:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=JrLU1pWJcwv8wnUOupJK-g
Nice place not pretentious food good.   Had very high expectations.  I did not leave unsatisfied.  Will definitely return.
Went to the one in Napa and ths one looks and feels similar. Stellar food and service. Tried the breakfast specials; Bellinis, Florentine omelette and the eggs in a skillet (it was much better than I am describing it!). As always, Vegas is pricey but for a great sister restaurant to the Napa Valley location, this is wonderful choice.
I have to admit, when I was trying to find a place to eat for a nicer dinner on our last trip to Vegas, I felt that finally being able to eat at a Thomas Keller restaurant would be putting my name on the fast track to earning some hardcore foodie street cred. Granted, it wasn't Per Se or the French Laundry, but one has to start somewhere.. . We had a reservation for a Sunday evening, late enough that we were hungry but not so late that we still couldn't enjoy a later show. We were seated promptly, though strangely we were not greeted for several minutes. The cocktail list is pretty on-par in terms of Vegas pricing, and considering that these are actually well made drinks, as opposed to watered down slushies in plastic cups, this was a welcome change. I do wish that they had more wine offerings under $50 a bottle, because there were essentially none in this price range, however my Bouchon Cocktail was dangerous and fresh, and my husband's Manhattan was excellent.. . My husband ordered the steak and frites, and I ordered the scallop special for the evening. The couple dining next to us felt their steak was tough, and although my husband didn't find it tough, he did feel that it was cooked more than he was expecting. The frites, by the way, tasted exactly like McDonald's fries. Not a bad thing, but interesting.. . My scallop special was good, though not outstanding: the scallops were well seared and obviously cooked well. The dish came with tomatoes, eggplant and zucchini, which were cooked amazingly, considering I do not often like 2 of those vegetables. The dish also came with some incredibly unremarkable shrimp, whose purpose I couldn't identify, and a savory herbs de provence pain perdu, which was heavenly. I would have been very happy with just the seared scallops, the pain perdu and the vegetables. The shrimp, as well as the broth the dish sat in, didn't say much to me.. . For dessert, my husband ordered the chocolate and burnt orange dessert, which we both enjoyed. I got one of the cheaper wines by the glass, and was incredibly pleased with it. I'm thankful and happy we were able to eat here, but would definitely choose somewhere new the next time I visit.
I had an wonderful experience eating at Bouchon during my last visit to Las Vegas. Some friends and I were staying at Palazzo and decided to have brunch at Bouchon. . . Service: The service was very good. They do not take reservations for weekend brunch and we had a party of 13 people. We were seated in about 45 mins, which isn't too bad for such a large party. Once our table was ready we were seated in a nice private room. The wait staff was helpful and willing to accommodate any requests we had.. . Food: The food was pretty good. To start I ordered a Vanilla Latte at the bar while waiting. This was pretty good, but a little too sweet. They also had a bowl filled with mini Madalines to munch on while you waited. These were delicious. For my entree I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was very moist and quite tasty when eaten with the gravy. The waffles were perfect light and airy. I also tried a bite of my friends steak which was very tender and well seasoned. .  . I was very satisfied with both the food and service at Bouchon. I wouldn't mind eating here again next time I'm in Vegas.
Make reservations if you can!! We waited an hour; but I mean, you're in friggin Vegas so I'm sure you'll find something to do? I ordered the green mussels n pomme frites (awesome). The saffron and white wine broth that it was cooked in was delicious and the portion is very generous. Definitely enough to share.  The other entree you must try is the chicken and waffles- which is done differently than the typical fried chicken; it's rotisserie and the waffle have bits of bacon in it- served with vanilla bean butter and this sweet syrup. I'm gonna go try the one in LA soon. Their onion soup and dinner menu look promising!
Bouchon for dinner in Yountville = eh. . Bouchon for brunch in Vegas = YEAH!. . No reservations for weekend brunch.  Showed up at 10:30, were seated by 10:45.  Excellent service.  Delicious fresh sourdough bread to quell your hunger while awaiting your entree.  My friend and I shared the famous chicken & waffles and croque madame.  AMAZING x 2!!  . . Believe the hype - go taste it for yourself!
Best croissants ever! So delicate and crisp on the outside that the outer layers shatter into tiny flakes when you take a bite. Definitely try the pastry basket and include a chocolate croissant or two - great to share! The service and atmosphere were outstanding. The croque Madame, though highly recommended, was good not great. The pommes frites were also lovely - thin and crisp with a delicate interior. Brunch!
I have been to Bouchon enough times to feel confident in giving it 4 stars.  Being Thomas Keller, it couldn't be any less, but it also isn't a hole in one out of the ballpark hit.. . In terms of brunch, Bouchon is great.  The menu is diverse, inviting, and certainly not conducive to any easy decisions.  The pastries are across the board okay, but they don't always taste fresh.  The croissants and beignets are lovely though.  The french toast is a little underwhelming and too sweet, the waffles are good, the boudin blanc is a real winner, the quiche is dependably good, and the chicken and waffles are amazing.  None of these were bad (my expectations for the french toast were too high) but the chicken and waffles and the boudin blanc are things I ordered, took a bite, and wanted to order again.  That chicken was the most perfectly roasted chicken of my life.  My family maybe ate 4 plates of boudin blanc. It didn't end.. . I've only ever been there for dinner once, I think.  Everything was good, but not so memorable (I can barely recall much besides the faaantastic bread and butter).  The butter is so good here. It's so good.  As for the entrees, I tried both the Steak Frites and the Poulet Roti.  Everyone raves about the Steak Frites so I thought, hey, I have to try this.  Wrong.  Granted I'd eaten Cut the night before, but it just felt so greasy with the giant pat of butter on top.  The chicken though...that was once again a winner. Thomas Keller does chicken right.. . On the whole Bouchon is a mix of amazing and standard.  It's very good, but you have to be careful about what you order.  Take recommendations from your server. Don't order the steak if you have time to go to Cut. But that last one was my mistake...
I'd been saving my pennies for a great French meal.  I was a little scared to try Bouchon after hearing seriously mixed reviews ("It's the best EVVAAHH" to "I'd rather die than eat there again!").  But, I gave it a shot.. . I arrived at the restaurant and was seated immediately.  The hostess, though on her game, was a little cold. But, whatever, you see the hostess for a total of 15 seconds while she seats you and then you break up forever.  No big deal.. . Our waiter was a riot and very helpful.  He steered me away from ordering mussels and soup as it would've been a very liquidy meal.  And, as I don't like "gummin' it," I really appreciated the input.  The service was pretty good but not really a 5-star level.  Our food came out really quickly despite the fact it was a busy Friday night.. . What we ordered:. . "Special" Leek and Potato soup:  Creamy and delicious but served a tad too cold.  I'd order again but request it served piping hot.. . Goat Cheese Salad:  Awesome mix of greens with a vinagarette topped with warm goat cheese.  A good salad but not life changing.. . Moules au Safran (mussels and fries) :  I was sooo excited for this dish after watching Anthony Bourdain get flustered over the fries, spilling red wine everywhere, on "No Reservations. " 25- 30 mussels are served afloat in a white wine, garlic broth. Holy crap, delicious, but very intense in the garlic department (if you're on a date, do not order!). They were some of the best mussels I've had outside of Belgium.  The fries, however, were underwhelming.  Crisp at first but quickly morphing into sad, wilty little things. . . "Special" glazed short ribs:  Delicious bone-out short ribs cooked for 14 hours (or so said the waiter).  Came with the creamiest quinoa in the history of the world and a sweet-ass, hen-of-the-woods mushroom on top. Awesome.  I was a tad jealous of the person that ordered it.. . Bouchon dessert:  One of the "special" desserts. Three fudgy brownies served with strawberries and vanilla ice cream.  Best. Brownies. Ever.  Each brownie was warm with a fudgy center.  I think I said "this is ridicuous" at least four times while eating it.. . "Special" pot de creme dessert:  Mint creme that tasted exactly like freshly picked mint from the garden.  Delicious but really not my kind of thing.  The person who ordered it loooovved it.. . Overall, pretty good.  I got my mussel fix but I am totally perplexed why Anthony Bourdain got all hot and bothered over Bouchon fries.  Shenanigans, Bourdain, shenanigans.
Thomas Keller made my wife like peas again!  . . On a recent culinary tour of Las Vegas, we had dinner one night at this beautiful restaurant.  From start to finish, everything was great.  The staff was attentive and very helpful.  The house sommelier was able to get us a great bottle of wine to go with our meal and even suggested some great digestifs to consume with our desserts.  . . We started off with the modest watercress and endive salad with Roquefort, toasted walnuts, in a walnut vinaigrette.  In addition, we ordered the 3 piece tasting plate of select cheeses to go along with our salads.  All were great.  I highly recommend ordering the cheese sampler.  For our entrees we ordered Truite Amandine, Saumon Poele, and the Gigot d'Agneau.  The stars of the evening were the trout, the lamb, and especially the peas with the lamb that my wife had.  These were legendary and to this day, my wife still talks about them.  You could literally taste that the peas were shelled just moments before the dish was plated.  So, so fresh.  . . For dessert, we chose the special dessert of the evening which was the Thomas Keller chocolate cake.  Only one word can describe this cake.  RIDICULOUS!.  One of the richest and most decadent desserts I have ever had.  Paired with our coffees and ports, it was a great ending to a great meal.  . . All the dishes were perfectly cooked and well executed with great presentations.  The only gripe I had was that the Roquefort salad that we had to start did not have enough Roquefort.  Only a minor gripe though.  . . Overall, I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal without it being nosebleed expensive.
I really wanted to try Bouchon while in Yountville a few years ago, but just didn't have enough time.  So, we solved the maze that is the Venetian and made our way to brunch.  I really think that Thomas Keller can do nowrong.  This location, I imagine, is a much larger scale, less intimate version of the one in Yountville.  . . We had the french toast and the croque madame, both of which were finished completely.  In typical fashion, portions were perfect.  The french toast was much better than your typical version, with less carbs and was far more satisfying, but was a little soggy in the middle.  Croque madame was reportedly good, but those french fries were perfect for brunch.. not too oily.. . 4 stars for a great brunch.  If only I had this near my home.  The only real downside is the price, but I found that to be a recurring theme in Vegas.
Our best meal in Vegas on our last trip, Bouchon is an incredibly French, romantic, cavernous, tiled bistro.  We went after a show and had some trouble finding it - you walk down beautiful, surreal, baroque hallways to get there.  For dinner we had four pairs of the four oysters offered that evening - all fresh and delicious, fried frogs legs (which were a little bland), a wonderful hearts-of-palm salad, and equally splendid roasted beet and fennel salad, the sturgeon and a special skate wing.  The only problem was both our fish mains were a bit overcooked, which sadly diminished what would otherwise have been two simple but elegant seafood dishes.  Our desserts were incredible and classic bistro choices: profiteroles and that really nice rich, warm chocolate sauce one gets in France, and an orange-chocolate mousse with burnt caramel.  The techno on the speakers was a bit odd and our server, while very nice, was a bit inexperienced and amateurish.  Overall, recommended - and their wine list is medium-length but offers an excellent variety (3-6 choices for each varietal) of French and other wines.  We will go back either to this one or the one in LA to try more choices before committing to this review.
Having been to Bouchon in Napa, I was interested to visit it's sister restaurant in Vegas.. . So it's located inside the Venetian/Palazzo.  Dropped by there one afternoon.. . Host was rude ... was chatting on the phone for about 5 minutes before she even acknowledged we werethere, HOWEVER, our experience there totally made up for that.. . Ate at the bar.. Bread was delicious - super fresh.. Oysters were to die for.. Wine was fantastic.. . Great place to sit and chat with someone ... as we did.. Our bartender/server was a really great lady - with a lot of style and grace.. . Very laid back atmosphere.. Again, very European feel.. . Really enjoyed my experience there.
My mouth was watering at the thought of tasting Thomas Keller's cuisine for weeks before I visited Vegas.  While it was tasty, I consider anything under 5 stars for Keller to be a disapointment.. . The servers were friendly, helpful and accommodating, funny and personable without being overbearing.  They offered tastes of drinks and were happy to describe anything on the menu in vivid detail.  These were our dishes, and my thoughts.. . 1.  Oysters:  These were from New Brunswick, and they were good.  I've had good oysters and bad ones, and these were among the best.  But that's to be expected.. . 2.  Terrine de foie gras:  This was rich.  Very rich.  It was a struggle to finish, which is not how I've ever felt eating foie.  I also prefer a seared piece of liver, rather than the terrine.  It was a little salty.. . 3.  Cheese plate:  We ate 6 cheeses, and 3 of them were fantastic.  The others were average for a restaurant of such caliber.  I'll give them this one.  It was a great selection.. . Appetizers were good.  If the meal had stopped here, I may have leaned toward five stars.. . 4.  Steak Frites:  This was run of the mill.  The pommes frites were tasty, but the cut of steak was tougher and less flavorful than I had hoped.  I wouldn't recommend this entree.. . 5.  Roasted chicken:  It was moist and well cooked, but seasoned too heavily.. . 6.  Pan seared skate:  This was my first time trying this dish, and it may be the ingredients rather than the cooking, but I was thoroughly unimpressed.  It was tough, dry, and way too salty.  I don't usually leave dishes unfinished, but this was one.. . 7.  Lamb:  This was the best item I ate that evening.  It was moist, flavorful and accompanied by a delicious sauce.  I'd recommend this to diners at Bouchon.. . As I said earlier, it wasn't a bad meal.  I just had such high expectations, and I was let down.  It was not the best meal I had during my two-day visit to Las Vegas.  Not bad, but proceed with caution, especially for Keller fanatics.
I had the croque madame, classic rendition of a ham and cheese. Although I wished that dish came out hot it was seers a bit cool, nonetheless it was delicious.  Also the pomme Frits were surprisingly excellent without it being too soft and too salty in flavor, a must go for brunch.
I just had my friend's leftovers for lunch today. And I am NOT a leftovers type of girl. And let me please clarify, she had leftovers because she was stuffed from all the pre-entree bites.. . There were 4 of us total that had dinner last night at the bistro. The menu is filled with French classics and perfected dishes. This place sure did deliver. Here's what we had:. . To start. *crusty and tasty Epi Baguette, butter, and pistachios. *3 piece tasting portion of cheeses- we chose Barely Buzzed (cow's milk rubbed with coffee), Humbolt Fog (goat's milk), and Idiazabal (sheep's milk). The sheep's milk cheese was very mild compared to the other 2, while the goat's milk was myfavorite. The cheese is accompanied by thin slices of apple, herb roasted olive loaf and the most devilishly delicious honey.. *French Onion Soup- so rich in flavor. And the layer of cheese on top is thick and melted just right.. . Entrees. *Steak Bouchon- 2 of us chose this New York strip steak with green asparagus, Lyonnaise potatoes & sauce au poivre. The steak is flavorful, the asparagus are sweet yet buttery, and the sauce adds a whole new flavor dimension to the beef.. *Crispy Skin Arctic Char- this was the special of the night. The skin on the fish was unbelievably crispy, which I love. Another love on this plate: the morel mushrooms. Each bite of mushroom was meaty with an incredible BUTTER flavor. There was a vegetable puree, carrots and gnocchi as well.. . I am sad to say, we were too stuffed for dessert. And I didn't want to hold back the party and eat a whole dessert on my own. So next time.... . Quick tip: ask to eat outside. The patio area is lovely, surrounded by the Venetian and Palazzo buildings and fountains.
Pineapple jam, must have more!. . Bouchon may be difficult to find at the Venezia, but its worth going to. Freshly baked bread, friendly staff, and delicious pastries. . . Good: Freshly baked goods. . . Bad: May be hard to find. . . Final: Pretty good place to go for brunch in Vegas.
Great breakfast - had steak and eggs.. . Pace and service is VERY leisurely, even during the week.  We enjoyed our breakfast outside on the "veranda" overlooking the Venezia pool.
Since I usually take the red-eye to Vegas, my first order of business upon arrival is breakfast. Bouchon has become my go-to spot for my first meal while in town, although I admit I have to relearn how to get there every single time I go. The Croque Madame is a good fall-back, but be sure to check out their specials as well. Service is excellent.. . I'm going to echo the recommendations to check out their bakery outlet at the Venetian to pick up macarons and other yummy treats.
Very good food and beautiful setting. Excellent lobster and salmon.
TONS OF FRIES, clams were great, we had the frog legs which was the best ive had there but the boy didn't like them that much. I had the skate which was very good. Did i mention the FRIES? there were sooo many and i was horrified i finished them all. I wish they gave us a bread basket but we were overlooked and didn't get one. oh well..
I like bouchon. I'm normally not even a pastry fan but I really like the pastries they served here. The pastry basket comes with your choice of 4 different pastries and they come out nice and warm a great starter to share for the table. Their main dishes also won't disappoint. i tried the chicken and waffles which was excellent. . I tried the oysters here too. Not too bad! Although, I am a huge fan of oysters so I generally like all types of oysters :P
I had to go back here for brunch as the l enjoyed it so much the last time.  We wound up over-ordering again as we did the night before...well, Vegas is all about excess!  We started off with the sampler of pastries: beignets, chocolate croissant, cheese danish, and cinammon bun, with the cheese danish being the best of the bunch.  They were definitely much bigger than expected though...we were already kind of full before our savory orders came in!. . Since we did a lot of drinking the previous night, we all felt like some eggs.  I got the croque madame, which is absolutely the perfect hangover food with the fried egg and sauce on top, and fries on the side.  Nothing like fried starch and fatty food to get rid of that hangover!  I had a taste of the quiche and the omelette as well, but I liked my dish better!. . I have to say I was a bit disappointed by the bellini...it just didn't taste as good as it did the first time I went here.  There's more juice now compared to the bubbly, and it seems like the bubbly they use isn't as good quality. . . Service was pretty good, considering there were a ton of people there.  I would still go back on future visits, though I'd probably stick to only the pastry or the eggs and not both.  Who says French food has teensy portions?  Apparently that isn't true in Vegas!
I have been to Bouchon probably a dozen times over the years and it has yet to disappoint. It is French bistro food done very well, so don't expect something more pretentious, ground breaking or trendy.. . The staff here has always been great, and there was even a period when they remembered my favorite waiter and let me know if her was there or not when I arrived.. . They have a great wine list with some very off-beat offerings - don't be afraid to use the Sommelier - he or she will help you no matter how much you know about wine.. . Don't forget oysters and/or a seafood tower.. . Deserts are amazing, the digestif list is amazing.. . Just make sure you do research on how to find it...this can be a little confusing the first time!. . If you are solo or in a hurry, hit the bar - you can get a great meal and a glass of wine and enjoy watching the staff work their magic.
Located on the tenth floor of the Venetian in Las Vegas, you'll find Thomas Keller's Bouchon. This restaurant defines luxury dining in Las Vegas. The beautiful decor is the perfect setting. From the French pewter bar, elegant dark wooden chairs, antique light fixtures to the vibrant mosaic floor. Never visiting Paris, I would imagine this is what a Paris Bistro is like, with a distinctive homey feel. Why is Bouchon the epitome of luxury?. . The service is definitely praise worthy. Our server was very knowledgeable and genuinely friendly. Servers are dressed like someone you'd see in a French painting. White collar shirts, black vests and a long white apron knotted at the back. Managers patrol the room, lurking over each table, checking if anything needs doing.. . Our server then introduces us to our sommelier for the evening. He couldn't be a better choice. He was knowledgeable and very enthusiastic about wine, but without pretentiousness. Bouchon only carries local wines, which is quite surprising considering they're a French Bistro. Nonetheless, they're very particular with the California wines they choose. The wines are selected in barrel from the cellars of the finest wine makers California has to offer, and are exclusive to the restaurant.. . The menu is a single folded sheet of brown paper; it is, for the most part, a very standard traditional menu. With the daily special chalked on a blackboard. Not expecting anything less, we're served promptly. As the server walked through the dining room, a couple gazed to see what she was serving. The steam, and the wonderful scents catch their attention. It's Thomas Keller's famous French Onion Soup. After one taste of this soup, I knew it was on my favorite's list. Intense flavors, a beautiful balance of sweet and salty, and topped with caramelized gruyere cheese.. . My main entree was a treat for the eyes. Colorful and well put together. Gigot d' Agneau, a very rustic dish originating from the south of France. Perfectly cooked lamb, just under medium, served on a cassoulet of pole beans, and topped with pickled lambs tongue. Finally, it's topped with savory infused lamb jus (juice). A party for the palate! . . Last but not least, dessert is served. I decided to go with one of my favorite traditional French treats. Marquis ou Chocolate. Dark chocolate mousse with burnt orange cream. This French treat is like eating a giant truffle. Not only did the orange add a bejeweled touch, its citrus notes brightened the chocolate. However, I did expect more flavor from the dark chocolate itself. I had a hard time finding the bitter notes of cocoa, and still this dish makes a strong magnificent statement.. . Looking around you don't see any plates going back untouched, to say the least. Tom Keller's ideas on how to meet French techniques with a California sense are intact. This contemporary yet sophisticated Bistro has made my top ten faves. After my experience, I will be back expecting nothing less. I hear Tom's brunch is something spectacular!
Amazing service, amazing food.. . We were at the bistro close to closing time  . They happily sat us and we never felt hurried.. . Shared a fabulous grilled octopus salad that is perfectly grilled and served warm on a bed of arugula with a great dressing.. . I has the skate, which is good but not mind-blowing. The special of the day is what blew our mind. The veal was simply out of this world. Succulent and slightly fatty and just perfect.. . I couldn't decide on dessert and our waiter brought over a surprise dessert not on the menu called - three mini dark choc brownie with white chocoate. . . Mr Keller, we need this in NYC! Not just the bakery!
Oh the few times I eat fancy.. . 4.5/5 on Food. Came here for dinner on Friday night and the wait wasn't too bad. They over-exaggerated the wait time so it was speedy. I ordered the Steak Frites with macaroni gratin. Two other's in my party ordered the Steak Frites and our waitress was helpful to let us know that it comes with ALOT of fries and told us that we can substitute the frites for sweet corn or spinach. My friend got the sweet corn which was awesome and I totally loved it while I got the spinach. The spinach was not too bad, reminded me of the stir-fried chinese spinach but cooked with olive oil and a tad saltier. Totally random but all this can go with some rice haha. Moving on to the steak, I ordered a medium rare one which was FLAWLESS; I had to savor each bite because it was just that good. I also tried the ratatouille for the first time and I have to say it also blew my mind away because when I went to Wicked Spoon to try their's, it tasted like crap. The Gigot d'Agneau was pretty good too, just seemed a bit small of a portion but oh well. Also the frites? Not too sure what to say but they were legit French fries and were excellent as well!. . Service was what made me drop it to 4 stars. Waitress and a server seemed to not be paying attention at times and our server didn't really appear to have a good mood on his face. What was also weird was another party came later than us but got their food a lot faster than we did.. . All in all the bill wasn't too bad and literally satisfied. So down to come back here again or the Beverly Hills location since it's closer to me.
I expected I would consider Bouchon over-rated, but I was wrong.  Breakfast there was a highlight of our recent trip to Las Vegas.  . . The American breakfast at Bouchon was sublime.  Itwas refined, subtle, and ultimately perfect.  Based on appearances alone it was nothing special, but all the details made it great.  The coffee was the best we had had in Vegas.  The toast was brioche, done to perfection.  I had a pecan pastry to start that was the best pastry I've ever eaten, France included.  . . Our visit started very poorly as we were forgotten about while waiting for a table, but they made up for it with a couple mimosas and apologies, and I'm glad we didn't storm out.  I will be back again for breakfast!. . They also have a bakery on the main level of the Venetian.  Ask for the pecan pastry- it's incredible.
Brunch on a Saturday morning - luckily, we waited only about 15 minutes.. Second time here and still lovely. Think perfect portions with lovely plate-ups and Quality, not quantity.. After ordering, they drop off some bread with butter and cherry? jam.  YUM!. . I ordered the Quiche du jour (Florentine) - which was really tasty.  The custard like filling was a little different from a standard quiche, but very good.. My hubby ordered the corned beef hash which was really good too, although, he wished he had ordered the egg over easy/medium instead of scrambled.  The Brioche toast - SO GOOD.  At our table we also had Chicken and waffles - also tasty, especially with the Tahitian vanilla butter! As well as the "white" sausage. YUMMMY!.  . I'm kind of picky about iced tea - I love my iced tea fresh and brewed strong - Bouchon has an excellent iced tea!  . . The atmosphere is a little reminiscent of Bottega Louie in L.A., but more French and much more decor. There's lots of bright light coming in and is next to one of the pools.  Our server was very nice, descriptive, and helpful. . I'm always happy at Bouchon!
Superior food and service. The flat Iron steak was perfect. We will return here.
Came here for brunch and had a small wait. Got seated outside without being asked our preference of indoor or outdoor. As the sun moved in the summer afternoon it became quite punishing.. The food overall was good though. I had the mussels and my wife had the ham and cheese with the egg on top. Both dishes go to show that although simple, with high quality ingredients you can create an amazing meal. For the price, there was plenty of food so I think it has a good value.
My family and I came here for a quaint breakfast and were delighted with what was in store for us. We started with the "beignets du jour", which came with an assortment of jams and sauces for dipping. Amazing! Following these sweet treats, we had a fantastic breakfast. "Le Jardin" was fabulous, as were the corned beef hash and the croque madame (which comes with a mountain of fries). The wait staff was excellent, as was the decor of the restaurant - I truly felt like I was in a bistro in Paris. I highly reccommend sitting outside - the weather is not overwhelming, as the whole restaurant is in constant shade.
Mmm.. just listen to their specials and order it!! can't go wrong!!! delicious.. try to go a little earlier.. it can take awhile to be seated, AND order your food soon, cause the food takes awhile to get to u.. otherwise.. YUMMY!
What a great way to start the morning!  We enjoyed our fantastic, European breakfast on the patio with a beautiful view of the fountain.  The orange marmalade for the toast and the cheese danish were to die for!  The omelet with steak, peppers and mozzarella was quite tasty too!
I've been super lazy in writing reviews but it's time to finally catch up. . . We came here for brunch around 11-12? and it was pretty packed. I think we waited for a good 30 minutes or so but in the end the wait was totally worth the wait. I wastotally drooling when we were waiting to get seated because I was looking at the menu that just makes me wanna get everything. In the end I didn't get anything from the menu and got their special. . . I thought the decorations looked great and there was an outside view where you can see the pool and stuff. I really like the environment of the restaurant. I thought the weird part was the music that went along with the place...It just didn't fit well. . . The service was pretty good. I think the guy was on top of his guy in terms of explaining all the specials and he always seem to have a smile on his face. He refills our water every so often so in terms of service I thought he passed.. . I only tried 3 things in the restaurant and that would be the Croque madame, Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard & saffron served with French fries, and my pork belly BLT. Yes I said it...P-O-R-K B-E-L-L-Y B-L-T....I don't know about you but my eyes sure lit up when I heard that was the special for the day. . . Croque Madame: What is there not to like about a fried egg on top of a toasted ham and cheese on brioche. It's sounds so simple but it's just simply delicious. The combination of such simple ingredients can bring out such a wonderful taste. If anything I think the fries that came along with the dish was the EH part. I don't know...I just keep finding the fries to be a bit salty to me.. . Pork Belly BLT - Personally I loved my dish because it's so unique. When have you ever heard of a pork belly BLT. It just sounds so epic and delicious. I think the worst part of the dish is figuring out how to eat it. Since there poach egg on top of the whole dish, I couldn't even hand-held it and eat it. So I decided to cut it but at some point I would cut the poach egg which will let out the yolk out(not that i mind but it can get messy :p.) The combination of lettuce,tomato, poach egg and sliced up pork belly made it pretty darn amazing. I thought the pork belly was made well because there are restaurants that make the pork belly really dry and it makes the pork belly disgusting but I find it to be the right texture here so it went along well. :). . Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard & saffron served with French fries - This is what my friend got and I personally loved this dish. I think this was my favorite dish that if I ever come next time I think I'm gonna get this dish myself(not that Pork Belly BLT isn't good). You get so many mussels for only 25.50?! I mean come on that's already a big steal...I couldn't even count how many mussels were in that bowl of wonderfulness! The white wine sauce was simply amazing and when you can some of that sauce in that mussel and you can suck it out...Just AMAZING!!! I seriously recommend getting this dish because the mussels that they have is really fresh. The french fries that went along with it...I saw my friend dipped it in the white wine sauce and she kept doing it and i was like HMM let me try. Later on...I found myself super thirsty because I couldn't stop eating the french fries dipped in white wine sauce. I REALLY LOVE THIS DISH.. . I would say it's something worth getting for brunch if you happen to be in vegas! :)
I've tried Bouchon in LA and recommended it to a group of friends during our Vegas trip. I think it's decently priced for lunch and a much better alternative to some of the (relatively) more popular places to eat for brunch (*ahem Mon Ami Gabi). . . I LOVE mussels, and the ones I had in Bouchon in LA were some of the best I've had. Thankfully, the one in Vegas remains the same. It's a huge portion size that makes the $25.50 price tag very worth it. My trick is to first eat the ones that allow me to dig a little hole and reach the white wine with saffron sauce. Then I can eat my mussels AND dip my french fries into the sauce at the same time! Pure deliciousness. :). . I tried some of the croque madame and smoked salmon baguette which were both outstanding. A friend also ordered the special of the day which was a pork belly BLT. Service was a little slow, but we had a large group and I didn't mind that much. I was amazed at how identical the Vegas Bouchon and LA Bouchon looked. Uncanny!. . I really think this is the best Sunday brunch you'll find on the strip, granted you're looking for a French style brunch and not a buffet. The prices are probably a little more expensive, but the food is so, so much better!
Lunch review.  Simple.  Ok Svc - not night time quality Svc but decent.   Menu limited.  this is really just a simple lunch - not worth making a trek unless your already nearby.
Been here a few times and they never disappoint!Breakfast, lunch, dinner, were all great experiences.  Just wish I could afford to eat here more often.
planned a bachlorette first night out dinner here.  the staff were very attentive even before we stepped in the door.  i had planned to have custom truffles arranged upon arrive and the staff were kind enough to oblige.  this was a perfect start to the evening.. . our server was knowledgeable and happy to give recommendations wiht his favs.  i had already perused the menu and knew the steak and frites would be mine.  oh yes, and it was.  it was perfectly cooked at my desired medium rear.  most places getting it wrong, but bouchon had it right with just the right amount of bloodiness.  mmmmmm!  the bride to be also got the same and sang it's praises.  i nipped a few mussels from my friend and dunked a few frites in her broth.  that was my second choice of entree.  it was good, but i'm glad i got the steak.  few other gals got thomas keller's signature chicken and devoured it.  . . we didn't get dessert.  god forbid, riiight?  i know, i know sad but we were stuffed ladies in form fitting dresses.  plus, we were ready to get our drink on.  seriously though, bouchon was great and really appreciated their help in making the evening memorable.
What a hidden gem! My bff and I made 6:00pm reservations for two before the Celine Dion concert. We got to Venetian by 5:50pm, but had no idea where Bouchon was located. We walked to Bouchon Bakery, only to find out from the security guard that the restaurant was located on the 10th floor of the Venezia in it's own little nook! . . After scrambling around, we got there at 6:05pm to  find out the restaurant was rather empty. We sat down and had a beautiful view of the private Venezia pool for guests staying at their suites. . . Our waiter came and offered us a drink menu along with bread placed directly on the table. We didn't have plates for it... is that normal!? . . We ordered:. . Salade Maraichere au Chevre Chaud - Shared a plate of this salad. It was pretty much a mixture of argula, herbs, red vinegrette, and a large chunk of goat cheese which I thoroughly enjoyed.. . Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde - For $26, I got a laaarge basin of mussels steamed in white wine! It was delicious. I probably had over 30 mussels in a short span of 35 minutes (considering we had to RUSH dinner to catch our show at Cesar Palace). The trick is to take the fries and dip it into the mustard & saffron broth. Delizioso!!. . Poulet Roti - Our waiter recommended the roasted chicken since we were at a French restaurant. I had a bite and the chicken was tender. $29 was a steep price for chicken though.. . The service was great. Our waiter was very helpful at choosing out my drink (a cocktail with gin and blueberries. Yum!) and our entrees. . . I wish we got to eat slower and enjoy everything, but overall a wonderful place and experience. I gotta check out brunch sometimes, but I'll leave that to the Napa location :)
Five stars for the food, three for the inexperienced server who brought out all the food in the weirdest order.  . . First the hot sides (corn, something else), then my raw oysters, followed by my jar of foie gras something else hot and then the salad.  Very odd.. . That said, it really was quite tasty but our tiny table was overloaded with all the plates and drinks.
Wanted to try this place for dinner but a stupid company decided to host an event that night and took over the entire restaurant, and ruined my plans. I can't name any names but it rhymes with Lymantec and they make crappy antivirus software.  I managed to eat breakfast the next day and ordered the croque madame which was very good. Next time I stay at the Venetian I will try dinner.
My recent meal at Bouchon was mostly excellent, with great food and  table service. My party started with cocktails, which were both subtly flavored and high quality, as expected. After a brief designated waiting period (the restaurant was half-empty), we were seated and attended to by our very good waiter. The menu here is traditional french, and we opted for a variety of dishes, ranging from simple trout amandine to luxurious steak diane (the special). We paired our food with a Cru Beaujolais recommended by our waiter (it was very good). The food was also quite good, although nothing blew me away. . . Overall, I was very satisfied with my meal, and especially so with the table service. However, I'm not sure the experience added up to the outlay, which came to a cool hundred per head. For that kind of cash, I expect the ultimate, and Bouchon fell just shy of my favorite fine dining experiences for some reason.
For once, something lives up to the hype! We were seated within 5 minutes on a Sunday at 11 AM and proceeded to order their breakfast americaine and the chicken and waffles. Our coffees tasted amazing (I went down to the bakery to buy the beans right after) and was possibly the best blend I've had. My friend's waffles came out perfectly (crispy with generous specks of bacon and chive) and her chicken was so moist. I loved the maple syrup and vanilla bean butter that came with it. The ligonberry jam and butter that came for my brioche was really high-quality (I noticed it and wouldn't normally notice my butter and jam!) and my eggs were the most perfectly fried eggs I've ever seen - evenly fried, not too greasy. Fresh grapefruit juice, 6 crispy strips of bacon, and two sausages later, I felt sufficiently but not overly full, and appreciated the fresh and expertly cooked taste of each item we had.
The service was beyond superb. The desserts were very well done. Since this was my first experience at Bouchon, four stars until future visits impress.. . The chicken and waffles appeared popular among the other visitors. We sampled the pastries, the pot de creme, breads and egg / ham on bread thing with fries. The food was fair...the service was what put it over the top.
came back here to enjoy my brunch hangover free. It was a 5 minute wait, and when asked to sit outside, we were seated right then. Our server was not very attentive, so did not like that. I ordered the croque madam, my friend the famous chicken and waffles which i was dying to try. Cept...for some reason I thought the chicken would be fried, but it's actually pan fried. I was excited to try the bacon/chive waffles, but it was just okay to me. The chicken was tender, and went nicely with the sauce they give. Nice and sweet. The croque madam and pommes frittes were great as well.
Any time I even hinted that I was going to Vegas the first words uttered out of someone's mouth was Bouchon. I truly wish I would have went here for their brunch because that is what seems to be spectacular about this place.. . First off the service was amazing. Our waiter made fantastic suggestions and joked around with us. He made the meal just that much better.. . I honestly adored the way they bring out the fresh baguette and simply place it on the table. I've never been to France but in my vision of a small cafe, this how they would do it.. . They had introduced a new menu about a week before we arrived, probably gearing up for fall, which doesn't show it's face around Vegas. . . While we waited to be seated we watched the chef's prepare the raw bar. It was amazing to watch how much lobster flew out of this place. . . Naturally , after seeing everyone else indulging in the raw bar we ordered oysters. Unfortunately they did not impress us.. . We also ordered the olives, they were completely amazing. Do yourself a favor and order them.. . My parents ordered a salad- Salade Frisee aux Lardons et Oeuf Poch. frisee lettuce, fines herbs, bacon lardons, a soft poached hen egg & toasted brioche. I was utterly jealous. This looked and sounded amazing. This made me wish I went back to eating meat for the night.. . My mom and I both intended on ordering the gnocchi. I sat back and wondered what the hell we were doing at Bouchon eating gnocchi, so at the last minute and with the encouragement of our waiter we changed our minds.. . I ordered the mussels and frites and was promptly told that if I was going to eat seafood I needed to get the trout. My response? Really trout? I grew up eating trout, ok here goes nothing. It was amazing. I just can't eat a lot of fish because I'm not used to eating it, but I'm happy I tried it. It made me appreciate trout in a new light.. . My mom ordered Poulet Roti, roasted chicken with quince,charred radicchio & truffle emulsion. She was very happy she ordered this dish. The chicken just melted in your mouth, well according to her. This dish also made me wish I ate meat. . . My dad decided to order to appetizers as his entree because he couldn't choose between them and nothing stood out too much as an entree. Veau Braise en Crepinette, braised veal tail with forest mushrooms, soft polenta & sherry vinaigrette. And Confit de Canard, duck leg confit, French green lentils, matignon of root vegetables & red wine duck jus. Once again I cannot comment because I do not eat meat. . . I think the fact that I expected so much because all I heard about was Bouchon it did not live up to my expectations. It was really good, but nothing about it really knocked my socks off especially for the price. . . If I were in Vegas I would try Bouchon for brunch, but I don't think I'd ever go back for dinner.
Came here for sunday brunch last week.  Got to sit outside next to the pool area of the Venezia tower.  Perfect day to sit outside.  Servers were very friendly and helpful despite being very busy.  There was some confusion with our order but the mistakes were remedied very quickly and given to us for free.  Food is french/american casual fare done very well.  Scrambled eggs were so creamy and buttery just as an example.  Prices are a bit high for brunch but that's the case with most restaurants in Vegas
Pricey, as tends to be the case with French restaurants, but beautiful outside patio and wonderful food. Smaller portions, so don't plan on being a pig unless you want to pay through the nose!
Very good but not great.  I guess I should have gone for breakfast instead of dinner.  Nevertheless, I had a good time and the foie gras was yummy.  The service was impeccable and the staff very knowledgable; I am now hooked on chamomile marollo.. I was hoping for a tasting menu but it was not available.
This is based on the breakfast I ate here.  I think I'm at a crossroads between a 3 1/2 and 4 stars.  I originally wanted to try the Madame Croque and Chicken and Waffles but since my significant other isn't a big breakfast eater and I can never finish my own food for the life of me, we picked what we thought would be the lighter of the two choices.. . He ordered the Madame Croque. It was DELICIOUS....as everyone else has already mentioned. The way it is prepared is so different from anything I've tasted. . . I ended up ordering the Eggs Benedict Special which unfortunately, I found just mediocre and that is why I am giving it a 3 1/2 for now.  Had I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and liked it, the result could have easily ended up a 4 to 5 star experience.. . You're not able to make reservations for breakfast but we went at 9am on a Saturday  morning and waited 5-10 minutes.  The service was impeccable.  I will definitely have to come back and try the famous Chicken and Waffles the next time.
A few of my friends and I made an impromptu weekend trip to Vegas over July 4th, and one of our main goals was to indulge in unabashed gluttony, so Bouchon was top on the list. While this outpost is not as strong as the one in Yountville, it still provided a very satisfying meal. The Kumamoto oysters were very fresh and the Chicken and Waffles were delicious. I suspect they probably also taste better after a hangover.
I love coming here for breakfast/brunch when I'm at Vegas when I stay at the Venetian.  It's just a very special feeling when dining here...a Tavern on the Green/ Russian tea room atmosphere. Also love that there's no reservation needed for breakfast, and it's only an elevator hop away from your room. . . My fave is the chicken and waffle!  Can't wait to have it again!
Will definitely have brunch here again.  No reservation required.  Went at 10 AM on a Saturday and waited 10 minutes.  Food is delicious and price is reasonable.  Bread with the the option of butter or jelly was tasty.  Server knew the menu very well and suggested food to order.
Some great examples of bistro fare, but there were some misses as well. Of course, Bouchon is a bit pricey, but this is Vegas, after all. The seating was nice outdoors, but almost didn't feel like outdoors high on the 10th floor, surrounded by the towers of the Venetian. Nothing like the fabulous vibe and street scene at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Las Vegas that we experienced the night before. On the other hand, our server Julie was totally charming and professional. Even though the poor girl was working on her birthday (she didn't tell us this, but her coworker did spill). . . We started with fabulous cocktails. A special salad with duck breast and grapefruit was a light and tasty start, but the french onion soup that my partner ordered really wasn't all that impressive, to be honest. We both ordered fish for our main course. I loved the monkfish, though the lobster spaetzle it came with was a bit more chewy than I expected. Also, my partner's salmon was perfectly cooked and delicious, though he didn't care for the lemon couscous on the side. I like it though. He also didn't care that much for the lemon tart, which is made according to chef Thomas Keller's grandma's recipe. I thought it was okay, but I think my own lemon curd tart is more flavorful. I know - I'm biased. On the other hand, I got to experience the ile flottante for dessert. OMG! That was just about the most spectacular dessert I've ever eaten. A delicate meringue cloud floating over a vanilla creme anglaise, drizzled with caramel and almond. It is because of this heavenly dessert that I am more than willing to give Bouchon another chance, despite the inconsistencies mentioned above. Maybe we'll opt for the steak frites next time.
Loooooved everything I had for brunch. I had the eggplant soup. After a night of partying, it hit the spot. I was warm and soothing for the throat. . . We also had the steamed mussels in white wine and mustard soup. We ended up taking every piece of bread we had to soak up the soup. . . The chicken and waffles were awesome too. The waffles had little bits of bacon on it. . . Mmmm.... We also got a sideof sauteed spinach. I could have eaten the whole thing. . . My only negative is that they try go give you fries for everything. Why do you want to eat fries when there are so many other good things to eat. We ended up taking them to go and eating them after we went out.
After an evening of nonstop Vegas-style partying, the only words I managed to utter from my dry raspy voice the following morning was...water please!!!. . In addition to replenishing my body with much needed liquids, I was feeling mighty peckish, as well!  After much deliberation, our group decided on a calm & relaxing sit down Saturday brunch at Thomas Keller's Bouchon. . . Located on the 10th floor inside the Venetian, the restaurant embodied what I've come to expect from a fine French bistro. The vibe was chic & refined yet relaxed and unfussy.  There were comfortable banquettes throughout the main dining area as well as outdoor seating in the patio area. We were subsequently seated inside. At 12:00pm, the sun was beaming from the patio, so our location filtered the intense light perfectly, which suited me and my solar sensitive eyes just fine. . . Complimentary house made jam was magnificent! The jam is freshly prepared each day and depending on the chef's mood, a different flavor variety is served. Today, he was feeling strawberry, which is my personal favorite! They served us an Epi baguette to share and it was fantastic, as well. Warm, buttery crust with perfectly chewy texture. Coupled with the soft butter and sweet pucker inducing jam, it was a match made in the stars.. . The entrees were orchestrated perfectly as we didn't have to wait long at all.. . Chicken n waffles - The waffles were made with bacon n chives and sourdough batter. It was airy and crisp with a lightly sweet flavor and a savory finish. It wasso good i almost forgot to use the syrup!. The chicken was roasted perfectly and it was insanely moist & tender! The chasseur wine sauce was rich and flavorful with an alluring aroma. Some of my guests enjoyed the savory flavor so much they poured the irresistible sauce over their waffles, too!. . Pork belly was fatty and incredibly flavorful and juicy.  Accompanied by the creamy hollandaise sauce, it was absolutely delicious!. . Corned beef hash was phenomenal! Well seasoned pieces of corned beef mixed with all the traditional fixins that will impress any die hard corned beef hash purist!  Trust, this was far from canned! . . Short rib was tender, the fontina cheese was fragrant and the whimsically tiny jingle bell peppers added a pleasant little kick to this fantastic dish!. . Beignets were served fresh out of the oven but they were quite dense and tasted more like doughnuts IMO Overall, they were very moist and with the added raspberry preserve filling, they added a sweet finish to our savory entrees.. . Our service throughout the meal was very consistent with coffees, water, and juices always filled to the brim.. . By the end of the meal we were absolutely stuffed!  But I didn't mind at all :D. . My friends and I had a wonderful time and it was great feeling totally replenished and revived with good quality food that was masterfully prepared with fantastic service to boot. The strong coffee didn't hurt either!  I'm not quite sure if this particular location was ever awarded a Michelin star but IMO Thomas Keller deserves praise for a dining experience that was unpretentious, comforting and very enjoyable!. . When we all left, I was sated, 100% refreshed and ready to take on the world, well at least another round of partying :) . . Hey, it's Vegas for crying out loud.. . Happy Eats!
Came for a celebration dinner with my fiance.Many previous reviews have covered the details. We enjoyed the dozen oysters (sooo silky smooth),roasted leg of lamb and salmon along with a half bottle of chardonnay.  yum!!!!  . . I liked the laid back atmosphere and the service was good.  Looking forward to trying another Thomas Keller restaurant next time we are back in town.
It's a lovely restaurant, but very loud and crowded.  I would not recommend it for an intimate, sexy dinner, you wont be able to hear each other talk.  I was with my cousin so I was fine with it not being sexy.  . . The waitstaff were professional, pleasant, and the dinner was well paced.  . . The bread and butter were fabulous!  I love creamy good butter, very few places serve it a little soft, so it spreads easily.  . . We had:. Salted pistachios - eh, they are nuts, whatever.. Rillettes of salmon - comes in a jar with clarified butter on top to preserve it, it was fantastic.  Good flavor and texture, served with toast, it was a great way to start the meal.. Frisee salad - with hen egg, also delicious, but the frisee needs to be cut smaller, it was awkward to eat.. Mussels- the fries were good, cooked in peanut oil as FYI, and the server does warn you in case there are allergies.  The mussels were just ok.  I found the wine sauce bitter and some of the mussels weren't completely open which makes me worry about freshness.  I didn't get sick, so they were fine, but I didn't love this dish.  I get them at another french restaurant in the wine country in Cali, and there I eat the sauce with a spoon.  I didn't finish my dish here.. Steak - my cousin loved it, and the waiter kindly suggested changing the side from fries to something else, she got spinach and it was very good.  . . Overall, with two drinks, two entrees, salad, appetizer, and tip, dinner was just under 200 dollars.  I think it's a very good place for a nice meal, it's not pretentious or snooty, and the food is well made and tasty.
Service was top notch and the atmosphere was excellent.  Breakfast was okay (good but not OMGWTF-I-think-I-just-peed-a-little good).  Drinks (great way to start a day in Vegas) were great (French 75, and some Raspberry drink which we can't remember the name of).  . . Moi thinks that this place is le worth it.
I come here for brunch almost every time I come to Vegas. I always end up splitting the following two dishes:. . The CHICKEN and WAFFLES!!! Its a chicken is cooked rotisserie style and is juicy, moist and flavorful. The sauce with the mushrooms and bacon is heavenly. The waffles are made with a savory chive batter. An upscale version of chicken and waffles that is worth trying. A very memorable and tasty dish.. . CROQUE MADAME is also very good! Excellent frites!. . Came here for my birthday with a bunch of my girls and they gave us a HUGE basket of pastries on the house! Then after we ate they gave us complimentary cream puff desert with candle!! Love this place!
Went here for a late breakfast on a weekday and I had a great breakfast. I had the Breakfast Americanine - that have me a chance to try several different things and all were good. The service great, the ambiance very nice (and when I went not at all crowded).
I planned to have lunch or dinner at Bouchon, but didn't get around to it.  Yes, a lame excuse, but that's how the dice rolled.  I did make it to breakfast and had soup du jour, french toast and a D'Artagnan (amped up mimosa).  The soup was a veggie puree with swirled rasberry puree; a very nice breakfast starter that morning.  The french toast was more of a french cake; not too sweet and a bit tart (perfect with the D'Artagnan).  I will definitely make time on my next trip for lunch or dinner.
Background info: Saturday night, holiday weekend, 8:15 reservation, party of 5.. . My Lonely Planet guide book made me excited to visit by mentioning it is the same guy who did French Laundry in Napa, but I ended up being disappointed.. . Food. This is my disappointment. I expected the quality of the food to at least approach the quality of Chez Panisse. I could make food this good at home, and I've paid less for better food. Granted, the ingredients were really fresh. Nothing tasted bad, butit lacked that vitality I've had at Shawn's on Main and Chez Panisse. . . Service. Freakin' excellent. The fun thing about Vegas is almost everyone is a comedian, and our two service gentlemen were a dynamic duo.. . Ambiance. I loved dining with rich and snooty beside the Korean hipsters and romantic couples. High ceilings, subdued lighting, kitchen theater, pictures on the wall that are well painted but make absolutely no sense. Pretty though.. . Tasty, but better food has spoiled me.
Surprisingly casual and terrific food.
Breakfast to die for!!!. . My wife and I got in late, and woke up the next day hungry. We wanted breakfast so I yelp for local places.  We have tried Hash House a Go Go, great place when not watching your calories.  I saw other places with comments $40 for breakfast ya da, ya da.  We were staying in the Venezia tower and had eaten at Bouchon's before. . .  I noticed that Bouchon served breakfast so I was game.  I was not disappointed.  French pastry's, European coffee, what could be better.. . I ordered the omelet of the day, stuffed with artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and cheese.  Perfect eggs, good sausage, with brioche toast.. . My wife had the bread pudding French toast with warm Carmel vanilla sauce. "Heaven on a plate" according to my wife.  . . The service was great, and for the strip, and an upscale restaurant the $38 dollar breakfast was another great moment.. . If you stay anywhere near this place it is a must try for breakfast.
Had a wonderful lunch here with one of my girlfriends.  The cesar salad was amazing and the bloody mary was spot on.  Impeccable service.
Cozy, romantic atmosphere. Pleasant staff. . . The bread is placed directly on the table. You are not given a plate for this bread and butter. That was a strange and messy experience. The bread was great, though. . . I had the gnocchi, the vegetarian option (I was also told the chef could prepare something else, too). Delicious! Very filling. Boyfriend also had some of my gnocchi and loved it. I dreamt about it all week. . . Quick water refills. Expensive wine.
Breakfast at Bouchon used to be a solid 5, but I feel that there are too many dishes to avoid on the menu for me to give the restaurant an overall 5.  I have also noticed a few changes that bothered me since my last visits.. . It can get quite crowded in the morning.  Breakfast is their thang afterall... which ends at 10:30am.  As long as you get your name on the list to the hostess before 10:30am you are safe.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table.  The restaurant itself is beautiful.  The windows are tall and the sunlight pours right in from the Venezia gardens.  You actually feel like you are in a true French bistro.. . The sourdough waffles are always a delight.  I pretty much only order this for breakfast.  The dough is light and fluffy with a slight sourness from the sourdough (in a good way).  They don't over stuff you like most waffles and pancakes do.  Every time that I have had them in the past it has come with strawberries and blackberries.  This time however it came with bananas and walnuts... MEH.  We asked our waitress why and she said that strawberries aren't in season... which makes sense except that I saw the lady next to us receive waffles with strawberries and blackberries on hers!  ARGH.  So I push the walnuts off and only eat the bananas which are a lame fruit compared to fresh berries.. . I don't like maple syrup so I ask for whipped cream every time.  Usually it is thick whipped cream but this time the consistency is more airy like the whipped topping on a latte.  Another MEH in my book.... . I like to order a side of their bacon to go with the waffles so that I get a little bit of meat.  Their side is about $5 but they give you a lot of bacon.  Worth it.. . Do not order the Brioche French Toast... it is not what you expect.  My mother and brother have both ordered this and not liked it.  It is more bread pudding than French toast.  If you are a bread pudding fan then this is for you.. . Also if you like traditional corned beef hash do not order the Bouchon version.  It is the kind where the meat is all chopped up... my mom felt that there also were not enough potatoes to balance out all the corned beef in the dish.  Just be aware of the variations that Bouchon puts on normal breakfast dishes.. . I love the baked goods and coffees.  Their vanilla latte is perfect and their cheese danish is something that we always bring back.  You can get baked goods in the bottom floor of the Venetian.  It is also cheaper than the sit down restaurant of course.. . I haven't had lunch here but the pomme frites look delicious.  My family likes the breakfast here but just be careful with what you order and make sure you know what you are getting.  The sourdough waffles are a no fail choice.
Had brunch there. Umm Umm goodness. I will definitely be back for dinner.
Bouchon is open for brunch Saturdays and Sundays with a menu that features a mix of Thomas Keller breakfast and lunch  inspired dishes. The fiance and I did a power wake-up early Sunday morning to ensure  non-queue walk-in status. Boom. We were seated right away and started our morning the correct way with coffee and bellinis. The coffee, referred to as "a medium roast European blend" was exceptionally smooth. The bellinis were of the classic nature, with peach nectar, bubbly and a raspberry floater - juicy and refreshing. To go with our beverages, we ordered a few pastries. The featured beignets, filled with fresh raspberry puree, were good, although I was expecting that hot-cooked dough sensation as opposed to something that had been made a few hours ago. We also ordered a pumpkin muffin (before the squash goes extinct for the next 10 months, which we ended up saving for a to-go snack to make room for the mains). . . An epi baguette was delivered to our table escorted by fresh butter and strawberry preserves. The bread had a pleasantly crunchy crust and a chewy crumb to it. . . Chicken and Waffles. The bacon-chive waffles were that savory sweet species. You know those mornings where you can't decide if you're feeling like something sweet and charming or like something meaty that will power you through for the rest of the day? These waffles help make that decision for you: drool inducing hits of bacon and a little tang from the chive all smoothed out with sweet waffle batter which is improved in it entirety with Tahitian vanilla bean butter served on the side. The chicken is roasted as opposed to the classical fried chicken and waffles combination. The end result deemed to be juicy and flavorful.. . Quiche Due Jour: which apparently happens to be Florentine more often than not at the Vegas location. I am most likely ruined from all other quiches after this one with its healthy dose of spinach and garlic suspended in creamy custard bordered by a flaky buttery crust. A perfectly made quiche. The salad was coated in a red wine (read: raw onion) vinaigrette - buyer beware - my head turned in to a breathing onion odorizer. A shot of listerine should be served upon completion of this dish. Or maybe Thomas Keller just wants to leave a lasting impression. Nonetheless it was a fantastic meal and I would gladly return for brunch at any of their locations I happen to be.
After winning the slot machines, I decided to take my friend and I to Bouchon to splurge. When entering the restaurant, I felt like the host was looking down at us as if we were inferior and didn't have money. However, the other staff members were really friendly and helpful. There was a minor wait which didn't take too long and we were eventually seated.. . It was Sunday during brunch time so we ordered a "Croque Madame" and the daily special of the day, "Lobster Egg Benedict". I love egg benedict and this was absolutely delicious! The mass amounts of fries on my friend's Croque Madame caught us by surprise. They literally put handfuls of fries on any dish that contains fries. I'm not saying that's a bad thing but my friend was too full to finish it all. My friend originally wanted the fried chicken and waffles but they ran out of it! We were sad and even more depressed when we saw the table next to us have one of the few last ones. Another thing that caught me by surprise was the bread they handed out. It was shaped like a weapon used in ancient times. In addition, they lay the breadin the middle of the table with no plates to eat it with. I was carefully eating the bread without leaving crumbs all over the place. For a somewhat fancy place, I would've expected small bread plates at least.. . Service was average and can be a little better but I still tipped the waiter good. I can't justify tipping low unless the service was super bad.. . To sum it all up, Bouchon has scrumptious food and I will definitely come back to either of the locations in Beverly Hills, Vegas, or Yountville.
Definitely a very nice brunch experience, although EXTREMELY busy/packed and was a long wait (close to lunch) before we got a seat. Service was really attentive though. I would recommend this for brunch if you get the chance - the food is exquisite and so is the atmosphere, being located at the Venetian (although a bit of a trek).. . Their cappuccinos were quite good. Definitely the BEST French Toast I've tasted...I can see why it sells out fast. I ordered the strawberry waffle which was also good. . . Our server recommended their scallop potatoes, but I was skeptical, because how good could a potato be? FANTASTIC. It was super tasty, and the texture was amazing, not just "a regular potato". I was addicted to it.
Oh Thomas Keller, I love your food. Can't you open up a Bouchon Bistro in NYC? I can't just live on the bakery alone. . . So my friend, her bf, and I were in town to run in the half marathon. We were trying to locate the restaurant and of course, we got lost. We finally found it in the Venezia Tower. We made a reservation for 9PM, a late dinner, really a midnight supper for someone who had just arrived from the east coast.. . We arrived slightly ahead of schedule so we were told to wait until our table opened. After a few minutes, we were promptly seated.  The menu is what you expect from a really good bistro. I wish I could afford French Laundry or Per Se but I can't.  Thank you Thomas Keller for creating a casual establishment for people like me.. . Since I was running 13.1 miles the next day, I decided to pass on the booze, which was a bummer.  They do have an extensive list as expected.  So the next time I'm there, I will definitely order a bottle.. . For me onion soup is a staple at any French bistro.  I love onion soup!  Who doesn't like the melted cheese on top? Mmm...so good.  (And bad for you.). . My friends's bf had the chicken. You have to have chicken at a Thomas Keller restaurant. My friend got the mussels. All were great bistro dishes. I got the trout with toasted almonds. It was done perfectly. The only problem I had was that it may have been too much, which is a good problem to have. . . For dessert, we had the profiteroles, chocolate mousse, and a mystery dessert the waiter had recommended. All were awesome and left us wanting for more. Okay maybe not since we were full. The mystery dessert was actually a bouchon. Great service, great food in Sin City. What more can you ask for?
Came here for brunch and dinner on our trip.  Reasonable prices and very tasty.  . . Two things that you must order:  Chicken and waffes and the Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (a pot of fois gras)!
Gnocchi. Gnocchi. Gnocchi. . . I am in awe with my tastebuds still exuding absolute delight from my dinner at Bouchon last night. Located on the 10th floor of The Venetian, this French Bistro is a must stop for any lover of cuisine. With all the over the top spectacles and overwhelming options in Las Vegas, this casually elegant dining establishment just may be the highlight of my trip... so far.. . From the doting French server (fabulous accent) to the casually strewn pistachios and knotted french bread on the table, this spot is a wonderful marriage of classy and comfort. Stark white linens never looked so good accompanied by interesting menus made from an unexpected brown paper bag inspired paper truly showcases that fine dining doesn't have to be haughty or contrived. . . Now, let me share my affection for the Gnocchi a la Parisienne ($26.50):. sauteed gnocchi with a fricassee of garden vegetables & brown sauce. . DELICIOUS. . Wow. . Worth every cent and more. . Although the dish is very rich in flavor, it isn't overpowering and has me yearning for some Gnocchi for breakfast. This entree will go down as one of my all time favorites!. . My only gripe is that when the check arrived, it would have been much more convenient if the server could have split the bill amongst the 9 ladies in our group. At the absolute minimum, pairing us off in sets of two would have made things less invasive of our time and experience. . . I also appreciated that the bill clearly noted with a red stamp that gratuity was already included which many times can be overlooked!. . . TIP: Come dressed casual of cocktail, no pressure on your wardrobe selection here... although, I would dismiss coming in flip-flops and board shorts. (Yea, I'm talking to you mister man. Who wears this ensemble in January?!)
Brunch Review - Sunday 9am. . Food: 5 Stars. Service: 5 Stars. Atmosphere: 5 Stars. Value: 4 Stars. . Group of 6 had breakfast here.  Beautiful setting in high ceiling french bistro setting overlooking landscaped pool area.  Got table right away, wasn't full at 9am, but was 2/3 full by the time we left.. . Ordered pastry basket which had 4 outstanding pastries ($16).  Ordered coffee, which for drip, was outstanding ($3.50 each).  . . I ordered omelet of the day, which was excellent ($16).  Wife ordered sourdough waffles, which may have been best we've ever hard, topped with sauteed bananas ($12).  . . Other couple split chicken and waffles.  Waffles had bacon pieces in them, savory.  Chicken was roasted, not fried.  Tender and tasty, with great gravy.. . Altogether, with some split meals and other stuff not mentioned, $96 tab for the 6 people.  Everyone ate plenty.. . We walked away feeling it was one of the best breakfasts we've had in a long-time.. . I have now found my "every time in Vegas" breakfast spot.  Highly recommended (and I'm a tough critic!).
Bouchon Bistro, in the Venetian, is Thomas Keller's Las Vegas presence. Judging from the google results and "Bouchon Las Vegas dress code" being a popular suggested search, there's some confusion about this bistro. It's relatively casual, but chic. It's decorated like an old French bistro, and the menu reflects its casual but traditional nature.. . His plate: Steak Frites - pan-seared prime flat iron served with maitre d'hotel butter and frites. . Her plate: Sourdough Waffles - sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup, & Tahitian vanilla bean butter; cappuccino; mimosa. . To share:  Beignets with chocolate and fruit dipping sauces; side of bacon. . The bread for the table was beautiful and fresh, nice mini leaves of thoroughly authentic and crusty French bread. Our beignets came out hot and fresh, very dense and covered in cinnamon sugar. The dipping sauces were chocolate (that may have had a hint of hazelnut) and strawberry/raspberry.. . D's steak was good, though he was disappointed that the fries weren't house-made or more special. My waffles were fantastic - and the combination of the vanilla bean butter and the walnuts were really delicious. The syrup was not really needed at all, but I did appreciate that it was served warm.
Love that chicken from Popeye's!  Sing that jingle, only replace "Popeye's" with "Bouchon" and you'll get the gist of my review.. . Wonderful restaurant from a food and service perspective. The place was classy but not snobby. I was there for a private event and was impressed with the beer selection as well as the food.  Every dish I had, from the charcuterie to the entree to the dessert was amazing.  The bread and the yellow mustard-y sauce on the table were both delicious.. . The desserts, which were little brownies and macarons, were also excellent.. . The acme of my meal was the chicken.  Oh my gosh, I never knew chicken could taste so good.  It was crisp on the outside, yet tender and juicy inside.  I love it so much that if it were legal in Nevada (and if I were Tracy Morgan), I would  say I wanna take this chicken behind the middle school and get it pregnant!
I've been here for brunch and dinner, both were enjoyable experiences, but I prefer brunch. . . For brunch I got something similar to a continental breakfast. Came with sausage, potatoes, egg, toast, pastry, fresh fruit, coffee and juice. . . They also have great mimosas and bellinis!. . For dinner, I had their trout, which was not pleasant I would not recommend. The only part of meal that I remember and loved was the chocolate bouchon we had for dessert. Denser than regular chocolate cake but not as dense as a brownie, served warm with vanilla ice cream, the perfect dessert! . . Came really early for brunch so we didn't need to make a reservation, but definitely should make a reservation for dinner.
I loved Bouchon in California and I enjoyed its Vegas counterpart. Yet, Bouchon in Vegas receives one star less due to the fact that when we dined at the restaurant at lunchtime the full menu was not available. That being said, we did enjoy what we ordered. . We started off with a bottle of Champagne... hey it is Vegas baby, and I had the Salade Maraichere au Chevre Chaud (goat cheese salad) and an order of the Pommes Frites. It is amazing how tasty the french fries are at Bouchon. My salad was the perfect lunch for a hot Las Vegas day. . If you want the true Bouchon experience call ahead and confirm that the full menu is available.
The french onion soup tasted burnt. The mussels were gritty. The bread was delicious. The service was great. Nice decor. Loud.
CHICKEN & WAFFLES. --I wanted fried--but this ain't Roscoe's. --but maybe the best roasted chicken I've bit into. --crisp brown skin outside & moist/ tender inside. --bacon- & chive-specked waffle--not bad--evenly cooked. --I'm glad I can afford this ($20 more than Bruxie). SOURDOUGH WAFFLE WITH BANANAS. --not special but good. FRENCH TOAST. --it don't look like French toast. --it's actually bread-pudding style. --layered with brioche, custard & apples. --this is special--in taste & texture. SIDE OF BACON. --6+ lean & crispy slices. --only $5--should be shared by 2-3. INTERIOR. --classic continental. --high ceilings--warmed by Palladian windows. --natural light just touching the hardwood paneling. CONCLUSION. --nothing so far in Venetian disappoints (except Tsunami's demise). --but I need to visit Bouchon for dinner to explore Thomas Keller's aspiration. --is this the Best Brunch in Vegas?--I don't know. --but I'd much rather savor this than gorge myself on an uneven buffet. --or to drop a half dozen chips at craps
Yum!!!! Thomas Keller, I am uncertain how you make the plain menu taste so good? . This place is delicious. We had oysters (west coast) that were amazing. Full of flavor and so delicately prepared.. The foie gras (aged in a glass jar) was a great preview of what's to come.. The monkfish was flakey on a bed of mushroom and veggies. The lamb was perfectly prepared to a medium rare and was delicious. The dessert of the chocolate mouse rich and memorable. . The service was great and evident of the Keller name.. Bottom line: a super delicious place with some of the best casual feel that relaxes one. The presentation, quality of food, menu selection and the taste of the items was outstanding. A solid 4.5 stars / 5!. Can not wait to return and experience again!!!!!! This is like French Laundry Light ;))
We had a great time here! The service was superior - they really worked hard to be friendly, professional and take care of your every need. . . The restaurant is a cozier space on the 10th floor of the Venetian. It's a bit hidden and kind of feels like you've stumbled on to a beautiful secret once you finally do find it. We found the menu to be fairly complete - lots of great options. On top of that they had a few really excellent specials. . . We started with the bone marrow - because, when else would we ever order bone marrow?! My other half LOVED it, but unfortunately it wasn't for me. I still recommend you try it! If we go back I'll probably try the fois gras instead. Our entrees were the lamb and the saffron muscles. Both were beautifully prepared and presented... and delicious!!! . . The wine list was extensive, but also very expensive. There was also a fairly long wait between the started and entree course - the kitchen must have gotten a bit backed up. . . Bottom line - this is a must try!
After a couple of nights of stuffing ourselves with four course dinners, my husband and I were delighted to go to Bouchon and just have a salad and steak frites.  Perfectly cooked and delightful in every way.  I have eaten at all three Bouchons now, plus the French Laundry and Ad Hoc, so I guess that makes me something of a Thomas Keller groupie.  I've never had anything less than a great meal at his restaurants.
I was not feeling good after a night on the town.  My insides were rearranging themselves and I took a shit in their bathroom that made me weep for my soul.  I had a 4.5 hour drive back to LA to look forward to and I was just not feeling the classy, upscale vibe of this place.  But my girlfriend was.  The things we do for the people we love.. . Thank fucking God I sacked up and had brunch here first.  I swear that it saved my life.  It was reasonably priced and the food was outrageous.  They serve complimentary baguettes and butter/jam.  Seemed like every tiny loaf came fresh out of the kitchen with a mother's love baked right into its crust.  I got the breakfast americain, which is exactly what it sounds like - a man's fuckin breakfast.  Eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, and a pecan roll.  Fries on the side.  My girlfriend got the pan-roasted trout which was light and fresh. Everything was decadent without being too rude to my wallet.  . . One of my pet peeves is how slowly it takes some places to refill your coffee, especially when you're battling a hangover that is trying to force you to come to terms with your alcoholism.  These motherfuckers were right on the money.  Refills so fast, I barely had time to think "Hey, coffee would be nice," before they were at my elbow, helping me pump caffeine into my system for the ride home.  Excellent service.
Good French fries, nice wine list which is remarkably reasonable.  Very limited menu in the afternoon, you eat at the bar.  Nice feel to this place.  Thomas Keller was actually here in the courtyard when I visited today.  This place is classy escape from the tackiness of Vegas.
I loved Bouchon. I went here for dinner with three of my "girls" (in gay language that means: your best gay male friends) for our "girls' weekend." This was, along with Sage at Aria, the most satisfying meal I had in Vegas. The service was great though not quite impeccable. There were a couple minor things here and there... refilling of water could've been better and maybe more check-ins here and there. If I were a teacher, I'd give the service 95 out of 100%. The ambiance felt intimate despite the restaurant being large and having high ceilings. The dim lighting, bistro-like interior, and dark wood panels helped offset the intimidating size.. . I ordered a delicious pan-seared white fish (If i can remember, it was halibut...) with capers. My friend ordered the scallops in a lovely cream sauce. (I vaguely recollect this since it's been a month or so.) The rustic bread they give was delicious and was a nice accompaniment to our dishes later on. Now, the only reason why I give this place 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because my friend *likely* got food poisoning from here. We were examining his day thinking about what he ate/drank that day and the day before and nothing was questionable except perhaps the scallops. So while we cannot determine if it was from here, from our conclusions, it probably was from a bad scallop or one that was underprepared. At the time, however (to be fair to the restaurant and the entree itself!), it was delicious according to my friend! . . Being obnoxiously excited it was our girls' weekend, the hostess was also nice enough to take our picture on the way out. All in all, a great experience sans the possible food poisoning. I'd love to come back again... just not order the scallops!
Been on a French kick lately so dinner here was a no brainer.  Decor is awesome.  I like how it's tucked away upstairs from the rest of the resort.  You definitely don't feel like you're in Vegas anymore.  Bouchon could be located somewhere in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.  . . For us, having foie gras at a French restaurant is an absolute must.  The Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard was something we had never eaten before.  Very interesting!  Served up in a glass jar and lined with the fat of it on top and spread on Bouchon's tremendous bread was awesome.  The consistency of the foie gras was more of a cheese spread and a bit more dense than usual.  Having it prepared this way really brought out some "wow" flavors.  Am I way out of line for licking the jar after I'm done?. . Ordering pate for the other appetizer was just way overkill.  What the hell were we thinking?  We should've gotten the veal appetizer instead.  Too much bread, too many spreads, we couldn't finish.  So we got the pate boxed.  I can't remember the last time we got a take out bag before the entrees!  But they did throw in a fresh baguette in the bag!  YES!!. . I see-sawed over entree choices for quite a while.  I would've been fine with some kind of a trio entree sampler but I'm a long way from Applebee's.  My wife got the Steak Diane which they call the "eye of the ribeye" and I got the scallops.  The steak was better.  I should've gotten it too!  Nothing wrong with my entree but it wasn't anything amazing.  . . Another course...another take out bag!  They gave us a baguette for this bag too!  Too full for dessert. . . I just wish I could make one of these damn Sunday brunches one time.  Sigh.  One day!
amazing dinner.  the foi gras was moist, but firm with great flavor.  The table bread was heaven.  Our table had the steak diane, amazing, the gnocchi, very tasty, trout, delicious, white sausage, perfect with the prunes.  the only drawback was the steak frites was a little dry.
Went here for breakfast during the week.  They had a great selection of entrees.  Ordered beignets and a croissant.  Both were amazing start to the breakfast.  I had the omelette special and my wife had another breakfast special.  The potato sticks on my wife's dish were really good.
Good service and excellent food. I really enjoyed the roasted beets with truffle and the Bib salad with tarragon.
Bouchon never disappoints when you want to indulge yourself with a delicious meal. Located in the Venetian, it's a little tricky to get to since it isn't located in the Canal Shops. Just ask someone working there and they will be able to direct you.. . During our most recent visit, we had reservations at 9pm but wasn't seated until 9:45. Because of the wait, the hostess invited our party of 10 to the bar and gave us complimentary drinks until our table was ready.. . I've tried a few things from their dinner menu and their foie gras, side of brussels sprouts & steak frites are the most memorable in my mind. It's hard to remember anything from a Vegas trip. . . If you're looking for a great dining experience, attentive service (with great recommendations) and a dim/romantic ambiance, do check out Bouchon. I would love to come back for their famous brunch one day.
Came here for brunch with my girlfriends (we're all in our early 30's). . We had reservations and were seated promptly.. Their coffee is good. The pastries are delicious (you can get the same pastries at their stand in the Venetian). I loved the strawberry croissant. . I had the Bouchon French toast -it was good but I was not overly impressed. . The Oeuf & Boudin Blanc was pretty tasty though.. Next time, I'll have to try the Chicken and Waffles.
Went here again this past weekend just wanted to toss in some new pro's and con's.. . We had a party of 6 around 11am or so for brunch on saturday.  They told us the wait was around 40 minutes but it turned out to be only 10 min or so!  Great right?. . But the service was incredibly slow that it pretty much negated the fast seating.  Our food took a long time to come out, getting the check, processing our check it took way longer than it should have.. . Thank goodness the food is very delicious, so I'll keep coming and hope the service is better next time.
Since Bouchon is located with in the Venetian was a convenient place to each Breakfast while staying at the Palazzo. Having been there before I knew that the food would be good, so we decided to eat there again.. . When we arrived out party was told they wait would be 40 minutes, however we were seated in less than 15 minutes. Awesome!. . The food was delicious! I ordered the Salmon Tartare and the Corned Beef Hash. They were both delicious. I like how the Corned Beef Hash is essentially chopped up  Corned Beed Brisket - Meaty, High Quality Goodness!. . The only bad thing about our experience was that the service was super slow, especially when we were trying to pay our bill. I suspect it had something to do with the fact that we were one of the last parties for their breakfast/brunch hours. It's no excuse though. Hopefully things are different on future visits!
not gonna lie...this place was extremely difficult to find. then again..I have a horrible sense of direction. please read the other reviews for location tips cuz i seriously just wandered around for so long i don't even know how i got there. Anyhow, I was that much hungrier once I found it. . . The pulled pork appetizer was much too salty. but i don't see it on the menu anymore. . the salmon with leeks was succulent and flavorful. exactly how I like my salmon :) . . service was great, as expected. next on the list; French Laundry!
This is a belated dinner review from September 2010.. . We started off with some bread, goat cheese, nuts, a bowl of squash soup, and a couple of salads (see my pictures).  The goat cheese was great but everything else wasn't too memorable.. . I was scared the rest of the meal would head in the direction of the salads, but luckily that was not the case.  For entrees, we had the croque madam, the pork belly (a seasonal special), and the trout.  The croque madam was so delicious, but then again, how could one ever go wrong with a grilled sandwich with a fried egg on top?  The trout was superb--light, flaky and tender, pairing well with the sauces veggies and almonds (yes, almonds).  It was also humongous!  We barely finished it!  The pork belly, unfortunately, was probably the biggest disappointment (mostly because the waiter kept raving about how good it was).  The cooking traditions of Taiwan and Japan must have spoiled me, because I am used to expecting the satiny sensation of pork fat melting in my mouth, but the braised pork I had that night was on the dry side.  The potatoes and vegetables were still good, though.. . For dessert, we ordered the eponymous bouchons, which came with three different ice creams/sorbets (see my pictures).  Not something I would come just to this restaurant to order, but it was still yummy (for dessert, I personally think you are better off finding the Bouchon bakery stand next to the Phantom of the Opera theatre in the Venetian proper and buy anything that's there and enjoy it in the comfort of your hotel room).. . Now, this restaurant isn't cheap...but I think if you want to splurge and experience fine dining, then this is the place to do it.  Huge portions, high quality food, the Thomas Keller brand name, and a pleasant atmosphere totally make the extra $$$ worth it!
Oh Bouchon, I've heard so many great things about you and you certainly didn't disappoint. While I didn't think the service was particularly stellar (or bad) the food was certainly top notch.. . We started off with a {CHEESE PLATE} all of these cheeses were delicious and included some fresh honey, that was really delightful. We ordered  {SALADE DE POMMES POCHEES} to share, which was pretty sweet, and more dessert like but we all still really enjoyed it but probably could be saved for a dessert course instead of a salad plate. For dinner I ordered the {STEAK DIANE} which was absolutely mouthwatering good, cooked to perfection is some "diane" sauce, I really want some more just thinking about it.. . To round off dinner we ended with a {CREME BRUELE} and the {MAISON AU CHOCOLATE} with the perfect sweetness to end off the night.
Came here for brunch awhile back ... brunch was ok .. nothing that blew my mind away but i did LOVE the epi bread .. That was perhaps the best thing from this place... dont get me wrong, the food was good but it wasnt great ... i LOVE the bakery tho .. =)
My boyfriend always like to try these fancy dining places with famous chefs so we decided to try Bouchon for brunch. Seating took about 10-15 minutes which wasn't too bad for a Sunday. As soon as we sat down we ordered our drinks (bloody Mary and bellini) and those were pretty quick. The drinks were okay, nothing special. Small and way overpriced (12.50) for the amount you get. We were given some bread and butter with jam. After looking over the menu and trying to pick between the salmon baguette or quiche I settled for the baguette. It is a build your own sandwich kind of dish. When it came out I was happy. There were capers and chives&cream cheese in their own small dish. Then I had lettuce, onions and tomatoes. The smoked salmon itself was slightly oily but sooo good. Instead of making one sandwich I made two open top sandwiches. Very refreshing and light. My boyfriend ordered the omelette Du jour which is the omelette of the day. It was prime rib with mushrooms and cheese. It came with a lot of bacon on the side (you can also choose sausage or ham) and this really distinct toast. The edges were flaky and crispy burnt. I usually don't eat the crust on bread but this one was addicting. The bill came out to about 63 so it's quite a pricey brunch but it's nice to try it once for an experience. They also had oysters and seafood on the menu but they were pricey. I would like to try their dinner eventually. The scenery is nice because it overlooks the Venetian garden that is on the 10th floor (the restaurant is on the 10th floor itself). Now I want some more smoked salmon.
4.5 stars......it really only misses for me on style and aesthetic.  I prefer something different in Vegas before a night out.  But I admit that is completely a stylistic choice. . . Although expensive, the meal was pretty impeccable.  I can only say that the onion soup was delicious and not too salty.   And if there is ever a place to order chicken, this it.  It was the most perfectly cooked bird I have ever had....with beans, onions, and a really nice jus to keep everything moist.
What kind of rotten, no good chef serves roasted chicken with chicken and waffles? Everyone knows the chicken is supposed to be fried, not roasted when served with waffles! . . Oh, Thomas Keller serves his chicken roasted with his chicken and waffles...... I take that back. It was delicious. That mans a genius. . . Located on the tenth floor of the stunning Venetian hotel, Bouchon is one of Thomas Keller's fantastic creations. . The inside of Bouchon is elegantly decorated. It actually looks like an old French bistro you may find in France. . . Bouchon is open for breakfast, weekend brunch and dinner and is usually pretty busy, especially for brunch. And speaking of brunch, that's the meal my wife and I had at Bouchon. Since they don't take reservations for their weekend brunch we had to wait about fifteen minutes for a table. . . Once seated, we were given complimentary bread, butter and housemade jam. The bread was fantastic, as was the butter and jam. . After the bread we ordered a side of pommes frites. These fries tasted so similar to fresh made McDonald's fries, which I mean as a compliment because I love fresh McDonald's fries.  For our main entrees this is what we ordered;. . Me- Chicken & Waffles- Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffles, Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce chasseur & maple syrup http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Jax-5woyQAIcJpNaHQkPHQ. Wife- Oeuf & Boudin Blanc- White sausage w/ scrambled eggs, croissant & beurre noisette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=d2RZL9kZy3CphKljpgUWWA . . My chicken and waffles were great. The roasted chicken was so tender and juicy. The waffles were light and fluffy but the star of this dish was Tahitian vanilla bean butter. I have never ever tried a better tasting butter. I could have eaten it with a spoon. Actually, I did. Although it looked plain, my wife's dish was delicious. The white sausage was amazingly juicy and the beurre noisette sauce was excellent. The buttered croissant that came with her dish was also great. Probably the best buttered croissant I've ever had.  . . . The service here is wonderful. Every employee we encountered was very warm and friendly. The prices for brunch are slightly high but since they use the best ingredients and since everything tastes so great I had no problem with the prices. . . If you're tired of the nasty foods at the breakfast buffets and feel something a bit fancier and tastier, head on down to Bouchon.
Yummm! Finally went to grab a bite for breakie at Bouchon. I was completely satisfied. Great restaurant tucked away in the Ventia Tower. I had the beignets which were a little different than New Orleans beignets (these were more like cinnamon warm donuts) - they were quite delish though! I also had my usual non fat latte and the hash and egg whites. My friend ordered the bread pudding french toast, it was SUPER decadent in a bread pudding french toast kind of way. OMG! I was so full, I only had one bite but if you are looking for sweet, that's the way to go. Service was good. This is a great stop in the morning before you start your day. I can't wait to return. If you aren't looking for a sit down place or in a hurry catch Bouchon Bakery (my fav!) on the other side of the hotel, near the other towers elevator bank.
Came here for dinner during my last Vegas trip. I ordered some sort of strip steak dish with au gratin potatoes and my friend got the pork shoulder special. Both entrees came out fantastic - cooked perfectly as requested and crusted well without being burned. My steak in particular was very juicy and tender.. . The other items we got were pretty good as well - we tried foie gras for the first time, and I think I am now addicted. It came out in a little jar and when eaten with toasted bread, it was delicious. A super rich, buttery flavor that was not overwhelming. I'm curious to see if its this good when I go to France later. We also ordered the beef cube appetizer which was tasty, but not memorable or worth it.. . We got a beer each as well.... I think they were $9 a glass. After doing the math, I ended up spending about $100, which is pretty pricey. But I left feeling satisfied with my meal.. . On another note, the ambience was very nice for a date - a little bit loud for my liking though.
Bouchon again! After checking into the room, we decided our first food destination should be Bouchon. We had such a great experience in Bouchon at Napa Valley that we wanted Bouchon again. It's great how we only need to walk a little to get there (we were staying at The Palazzo). My recommendations:. - duck salad (very small portion): I don't think they have this everyday but if they do have it, order it!. - coq au vin: this one's a classic - it's a little on the saltier side though. - steak frites: another classic - steak was nicely cooked and they give you loads of french fries (make sure you pack the left over fries to go because it'll be good drunk-food). - truite amandine - superbe!!! This one is a must try! Fish was very buttery, topped with fresh haricots verts! . I paired my steak frites with a glass of champagne - perfection.. How can I forget dessert!. - Bouchon brownies (can't remember the exact name): this is not on their usual menu: it's warm brownies with melted chocolate inside topped with peanut butter ice cream and garnished with candied nuts - another must have!. - ile flottante: this one's okay. I personally don't quite like meringue unless they have the texture of Pavlova. . Bouchon has never disappointed me. Our server was great - explained everything in detail and that was a perfect opening dinner to our Vegas trip, even though my wallet has already started to cry (our total came to around $350 for a party of 5). sigh. It is Vegas afterall.
Delicious!!!. . Came here for brunch on a weekday.  They don't take reservations for brunch so it's first come first serve.. . Service is EXCELLENT.  I felt like I was cared for while not being bothered.  I didn't have to ask for anything!  My water was refilled, my coffee was refilled, I was asked how I was doing at appropriate intervals...  A great sign at a great restaurant.. . The atmosphere was fancy French bistro... slightly rustic, clean, orderly, and spaced well.. . The food was SO TASTY.  I treated myself to a mimosa and coffee to start and ordered the Breakfast Americaine.  2 eggs, a pile of crispy crispy bacon, 2 sausages, and 2 brioche toast slices.  Comes with your choice of pastry... which I opted for the pain au chocolat which was the flakiest most delicious I've ever had and juice.  OJ tasted fresh squeezed and the coffee was fresh.. . I'm only disappointed that my waitress didn't tell me about the special pastries of the day.  Apparently there was a strawberry croissant option which was supposed to be divine.  The table next to me was told this by their waiter and got the last one!  Damn.  I'm not disappointed with my choices, but I might have gone with that if I had known.. . I love the Venetian and I am definitely coming back here for brunch... gotta come in on a weekend for the chicken and waffles!. . Yes, it's pricey for brunch but this is Vegas!  $50 for a high end brunch is completely ok with me!
Chimay...on tap! Enough said, that's worth it alone! . . My wife and I had a fabulous time at Bouchon last week. Everything we tried met or exceeded our already high expectations of the restaurant. . . Drinks: 5 stars - As mentioned before, Chimay on tap! My wife had a Bouchon martini that was fantastic. . . Starters: Beignets and escargot. I'll give this 4 stars. The escargot was fabulous, but when you're having puff pastry with all that butter, how can it not? The beignets were excellent too, but not in a blow your socks off type of way. A very solid dish. . . Dinner: Croque madame and glazed pork shoulder. I'll give this 4.5 stars. I absolutely love croque madame's, and I've had a lot of them! Overall, I'd rank the dish up there with the better ones I have tried. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was certainly better than most. The glazed pork shoulder, however, was absolutely fantastic. Easily the best pork shoulder dish I've ever tried. . . Dessert:  Little brownies sprinkled with nuts and peanut butter ice cream. 3 stars. Just an okay dessert. This dish was the odd man out because there wasn't anything unique or special about it. . . Service: 5 stars. Very prompt, informative and friendly. Couldn't ask for better.
Recently I took a trip to Vegas for one of my close friends "Sweet 16" birthday party. I believe this is her 9th Sweet Sixteen, haha never gets old. We stayed at the Venezia Towers at The Venetian and Bouchon was convienently located at the entrance to our towers. I am orginally from LA and never had the Bouchon in Beverly Hills and have only seen it. The group decided to have Sunday Brunch at Bouchon and it was NOT a bad choice. I had the Madame Croquette (sorry if i mispelled) and a side order of the Brioche toast. I must say I am a fan of both. The rest of the party ordered their famous Chicken and Waffles, which I heard did not disappoint. Something about the gravy making the meal delicious. Also some of the party ordered the Daily Special which was the seafood hash. It looked really good as well, full of seafood. . . It was nice that Bouchon was accomodating without having made reservations ahead of time. They have a few private rooms avaliable and we were able to snag one for our party of 11. . . Oh last but not least, the PINEAPPLE (i thought it tasted like orange) jam was delicious and spread it on the Brioche toast....TODIEFOR!!
SERVICE/AMBIANCE:. -Love the inside of this restaurant. When you walk in you can see the long counters with people working behind it preparing some of the food items. Really high ceilings with long windows for a nice view of the courtyard outside. Service was top notch. I'm not really a fan of eating breakfast but this place was so good that we ended up eating here every morning on our Vegas trip. . . FOOD:. -SMOKED SALMON - Served with red onions, capers and cream cheese w/ a french baguette. Perfection. . -SOURDOUGH WAFFLES - SOO delicious! I highly suggest this item.. -All of the breads are baked fresh and they are all so delicious.
Yes I'm a fan! The salmon eggs benedict was very good! Not too much H-Sauce and not too messy either! My girls and I ordered a variety of sides that includes bacon, eggs, french toast and fries! The staff were very friendly and prices weren't too bad! A great place to start your day with a glass of OJ or Green Tea!
This was my third Thomas Keller dining experience, and it did not disappoint. great food! tried the bone marrow to start, and it was perfectly prepared and seasoned. tried all the entrees, and everything was great. i've found that most "fine dining" in vegas is overpriced and under quality, but bouchon lives up to the Keller name. Might not be as good as the Bouchon in Yountville, but i attribute that to the Vegas effect.
Stayed at the Venetian over the weekend, fell in love with Bouchon bakery (HELLO, carrot cake cookie) next to our rooms, and then continued to hop on over to the 10th floor to taste regular Bouchon's Chicken & Waffles everyone raved about for brunch.. . The chicken itself was roasted, not fried, and one of the softest chicken I've had the pleasure to sink my teeth into. The waffles had chopped chives in the waffle batter, with chopped up bacon sprinkled on the top. The waffles were tangier than usual, and it was a pretty decent pairing with the chicken. . Will I ever fully absorb the concept of how these two things pair? Doubt it. -_- . . The dish comes with sauce chasseur (kind of like a brown gravy/glaze), the waitress suggested that we dip our frites in there. You have to and it's a must, there are bacon bits with that salty braised chicken grease roux. Awesome.. . Also took bites of what I wanted more of:. Croque Madam - good but very very heavy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Ipb7CRbmMzLwTvoOu9ut9g#XeGUX8Tv7xWupvrcndfDXg. Open-faced Tuna Sandwich - loved that they used capers . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=Ipb7CRbmMzLwTvoOu9ut9g#Lt7QBEre9QHNxsV9t7Gxew. . Definitely not a bad place for brunch, I will probably be back to explore other options.. . BTW, their macarons are subpar (hitting 2 reviews in 1, hiy-ah!)
The bread and butter were great - the bread reminded me of bread I've had in Paris. The onion soup was pretty good, but I wouldn't say great. The steak and frites was very good too. The fries stayed crispy throughout the meal, the steak was cooked perfectly, and the onion spread on the steak was a nice touch, even though I usually like my steaks plain. My wifes trout and green beans dish was very good too - especially the green beans, they were downright amazing. A very tasty meal to say the least.
Good choice for brunch.  Yummy complimentary bread and butter.  Lovely chicken and waffles.  Good coffee.  Great service!!
I came to this restaurant with my cousins knowing that the food should be worth the hundreds of dollars we paid for. . . That was met - the service, however, I found slightly disappointing. While it was fine for the most part, there were instances where the waiter would just get our food without even asking if we were done with it. . . No complaints on the food part however, the complimentary bread and butter was delicious, and the only butter I would ever indulge in without worrying about its high fat content, that's how delicious it was! . . My favorites from all that we ordered were the duck confit, the steak bouchon, the fries! and the pot de creme. Vanilla custard with orange essence and a side of butter cookies. Absolutely divine!
must-try: sourdough waffles. . airy with a slight crunch that melts in your mouth. highly recommend.
The best roasted chicken I've ever eaten...the poulet roti at Bouchon!  I couldn't believe how incredibly moist the chicken was, even the white meat was so tender.  The chicken jus was so delicious too - I literally mopped it up with the epi bread, even our waiter commented on how I cleaned my plate :)  At first I was uncertain about ordering chicken for my main dish, but our waiter encouraged me to try it as it is their signature dish and I'm so glad I did!  My husband's roasted leg of lamb was amazing as well...I'm usually not a big fan of lamb, but this was definitely one of the best I've had.  The only part of that dish we weren't crazy about were the Tokyo turnips and the crispy panisse (chickpea flour cake).  The panisse lacked flavor and was a bit cold, it just didn't add anything to the dish.  . . I really wanted to try the smoked salmon rilettes as an appetizer after seeing it highlighted on The Best Thing I Ever Ate, but since there is raw fish in the dish, I'll have to wait until I deliver this baby :)  . . Instead of having dessert at the restaurant, we opted to go to Bouchon Bakery by the Phantom of the Opera theatre.  We had the strawberry croissant, which was a sliced croissant topped with strawberry jam and a crumb topping...so buttery and decadent, I loved it!  . . When you go, try to get a table close to the windows, I think that's a prettier part of the restaurant (we were seated towards the back right by the kitchen, and it seemed really removed from the rest of the restaurant's ambience).
Sourdough waffles are delicious!  They should extend their breakfast hours for the sleepy heads =p
chef thomas keller's reputation has drawn me into the restaurant while visiting venetian at vegas, since TFL is no were in sight, we decide to pay bouchon a visit, the special of the day,  cold foie gras with sweet jelly  was perfect pairing with oven-roasted baguette , moelle rotie, the roast bone marrow  grilled with champagne was my favorite of the night, confit de conard (duck leg), well marinated with red wine , we didnt quite finished our entree (poulet roti) after the  appetizers and totally miss out the dessert since we were so full from previous meals, complimentary strawberry macarons at the end of the meal was a sweet ending.  i will be sure to have my stomach empty before  visit bouchon again sometime ....in napa
Beautiful atmosphere and delicious food. Perfect for our group of 6.
Great Brunch Spot.. . Highly recommend the Smoked Salmon on French Baguette.. Really nice outdoor seating. Recommended when the weather in Vegas permits. :)
The Bouchon was a great experience:  fantastic French inspired food (try the trout and the chocolate mousse with burnt orange creme), perfect (European) portion size (satisfying and not over filling), nice and elegant ambiance with very (French) friendly and knowledgeable staff.  I would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a treat while not looking too much on how much you'll spend (because expensive it is, though absolutely worth it).  The only drawback is that the ambiance is a bit dimmed by the noisy environment and in my opinion the AC, which is set to a too low setting.  Ask for patio seating to prevent that and you'll have a grand evening.
A solid choice for our "nice" Vegas dinner. We asked for a nicer table, despite having made reservations months before, which was a little annoying (there were plenty of tables open). We started with the Salade de Pommes de Terre, little potatoes with onion and egg yolk -- so fresh and satisfying -- followed by Beignets de Brandade de Morue, cod brandade with tomato confit and fried sage -- also amazing. For dinner, he got a giant plate of mussels and frites, and I had the pan-roasted Idaho trout with haricots verts, toasted almonds and beurre noisette -- it was crunchy from the beans and the hazelnuts but the fish was perfectly cooked, moist and succulent. The view of the pool area is really nice too. You have to take an elevator up to what feels like a private area for special people paying lots of money to be there, so the whole experience makes you feel elite (unless you are staying up there already, in which case, carry on and can I be your friend?). Fun people watching, too.
My friend and I had dinner here and were really happy.. . Food was amazing,wait staff was attentive and atmosphere was great.. . Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5,we waited 35 min for a table even though we had reservations.  I had to go up twice before we got seated.. . The food was so good, I will be taking my husband to the Yountville  location soon.
Great food, great patio, overall a great experience. Their bread is how bread should always taste and the food in general is at the level of quality I would expect at that price point. A favorite for me while in Vegas especially because it's one of the few places on the Strip with outdoor dining. I will be back!
I LOVEEE THE BREAKFAST FOOD HERE!! but dislike the service!! the waiter walked by a couple times and still didn't noticed our empty water glass...i was soooo thirsty too!! so...we flipped our water glass upside down to show that it is EMPTY!! since it wasn't obvious enough.. -.- gosh.
I was disappointed that they only offer the chicken and waffles on the weekends because nothing else on the menu looked that great to me. I came alone at 12pm on a Thursday and the place was about half full. I ordered a Bellini  ($12.50) and the Croque Madame ($18).. . The sandwich was really good. I wish the mornay sauce was a little warmer, but I was too hungry to send it back. It was perfectly salty from the ham, the cheese was nicely melted and the egg a perfect over easy. It came with a HUGE mound of fries, which were okay, nothing special.
5-star service. 4-star cuisine.. . Specials:. Pork belly app (4-star): Friend ordered this and completely finished the starter.. Braised short rib (4-star): We ordered 2 of the last 3 remaining (they sold out by 7:45pm on a Friday evening). Dish was rich but perfectly done.. . Standards:. French onion soup (4-star): Super-rich with an extra-dark note. House salad w/goat cheese (4-star) - greens were super fresh, red wine vinaigrette was perfect. . Sturgeon (5-star) - this was incredibly fresh, sturgeon melts in your mouth, done to perfection. One of the most memorable fish I've had anywhere. Leeks were a bit overly salted, but added a good savory complement. Roasted beets were fresh and delicious.. Crepes Suzette (4.5 star) - crepes with orange compote - a delightful, refreshing finish to an excellent meal. A classic executed perfectly.. . Service:. Would return for the service. Server had a phenomenal eye for detail, noticed our preferences, made excellent recommendations and provided a fantastic experience. Perfectly paced meal and an enjoyable evening.
So this place is all kinds of nice! Nice view of the gardens, airy, and bright! We came here on Saturday for brunch and our party of three was seated almost instantly. . . Ask if they have the strawberry croissant available. It tastes like strawberry cake or something! It has crumbles on it! Get it! . . My boyfriend and his friend got the omelet du jour (prime rib, oyster mushrooms, and I forget what else). It came with brioche and I think your choice of sausage or bacon (I don't remember). I had a few bites and it was quite good! . . I had a croque madame, and I found it very rich and satisfying. And extremely filling. I think I would've been fine with the sandwich alone. I also really liked the fries it came with... but they were soooooo salty. They were good, but they would've been sooooo much better if they didn't taste like they had the entire salt shaker in there. Would've polished it off had they not been so salty.. . Next to the hostess podium there is an embossing machine with some cards that you can make some souvenirs with. Do it! What's even better is that when you use it, it makes an embarrassingly loud noise that makes everyone know that you're using the machine!
Have you ever heard of a bachelor party booking the VIP Room on a Friday night at the renown Bouchon by Thomas Keller?  Well... you heard it now! That's how we roll! My homie Jon Margarte called up his boy Thomas to let him know the YOLO crew is coming through and to have the reservation for 20 ready.  . . Bouchon is pretty much the best french spot in Vegas. Way better than anything at the Paris hotel. The experience is exquisite and first class. It's the spot to be scene and dressed up (we wore our YOLO sleeveless shirts). The food is nice, clean, flavorful, high quality, cooked to perfection, and petite. I had the roasted lamb which was joy in every bite, but after a day of drinking did not soak up the alcohol. Every dish and side is done with detail and emphasized on flavor from the bread to entrees to the fries. So good! Highly recommend Bouchon Vegas for a visit.
I've waited a little while before reviewing Bouchon because I have often been critical of restaurant reviews from people who just don't dig the particular style of cuisine. Do you rate according to the experience, or whether or not the food was exactly your cup of tea?. . The wife and I have wanted to try some celebrity chef places before we leave Vegas for good and Bouchon, being one that is willing too look the other way on.... Well, let's just say we put the "casual" in "business casual" and they seemed like an option for us.. . I'll get this right out there and say that I am generally not a huge fan of French cuisine. WIth the exception of the marvelous concoctions served up by Olivier at his Baguette Cafe (Hi Olivier!), which routinely blows my socks off, and many wonderful encounters with crusty bread across the globe, the flavour profiles just don't do it for me very often. Bouchon was up against it from the beginning.. . I ordered a new potato salad with egg confit, the steak Bouchon with a black truffle demiglace, and a chocolate marquise for dessert. All were good on various levels. The salad was fascinating and I was surprised how much I liked the way the raw egg yolk that crowned the whole affair oozed all over the dish. . . Steak was cooked to perfection and tasted good, but of course I just wasn't that into the glaze. I'm not one of those Philistines who smothers steaks in gloopy brown sauce from a bottle; however, I'd have preferred my steak unadorned or in a nice peppercorn sauce. Mushrooms and fungi, it turns out, don't just turn me off because of their texture -- the taste plays a part too. As I alluded to in my intro, this is personal taste preference rather than having anything to do with the quality of the dish.. . The desert was suitably chocolatey and tasty, nothing I'd go running out again and again for, but pleasant and a nice way to round off an elegant meal.. . Overall, the meal was tasty. The experience was amazing. So why only four stars? Well, it was nearly $200 for the pair of us without any alcohol and I find that I'd prefer to be spending that money on a week's worth of panini and chocolate tart from around the corner at The Baguette Cafe. . . Bouchon was an experience that I am pleased to have had and I would recommend it to friends, but it's not calling me back.
Came here for brunch, and I got to say I was pretty impressed. This French styled restaurant in situated in the the Venetian, and the place's grandeur and food is worth the experience. So me and family came here, got seated within 5 minutes, and were treated to good, but not great service. We waited for a while to get our entrees  (25-35 minute wait), and since I have a tendency to act a bit impatient, I felt a bit disappointed in the wait time. But hey it's a fancy French restaurant, long wait times are expected for a well crafted dish. . So I got to savor the Ham steak and eggs, and that was just delicious. The ham was just smoked to perfection, and the eggs I asked to scrambled was very good too. My sister had probably the best dish, which was the Croque Madame, which was a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, with a fried egg on top, and french fries on the side. It was a pretty big portion for a sandwich, and tasting just a part of it was just sex. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now. The cost came out to be nearly 90 (4 people) for the tab, but I have to say it's worth it compared to eating at a buffet, where your stomach would be subject to gluttony and unhealthy decisions. I would like to come back to this place again when Vegas is on my mind again.
This placewas awesome, the potato croquettes have so many layers of flavor I could eat those all day. They had a great outdoor seating area with a view of the Venetian pools along with a very tranquil fountain in the background.
Two words: bone marrow. :-) . . My husband and I went for dinner when we were "up". lol! We were feeling adventurous and decided to try the bone marrow appetizer to start which we'd never had before. I don't have anything to compare it to, but it was certainly a memorable experience and quite tasty. . . Then we had some wine. Then some entrees which I can't recall very well after the wine. We left happy. Isn't that the story of a good night in Vegas or what? . . The place was beautiful as well and makes me want to remodel my kitchen. Very romantic at night in the dim lighting. If only I could eat like that every night (or at least pretend at a nice marble table of my own).
Although the dinner is tasty, I recommend going to Bouchon for brunch. The dinner menu is just ok, nothing spectacular. However, brunch is worth trying! The chicken and waffles is a must. And enjoy a cocktail with your meal. I'd recommend making reservations before going, just so you don't have to wait. If not, the wait time is about 30 minuts. Sunday Brunch at Bouchon is a great way to end your weekend in Vegas!
Thomas Keller is known for being a freakin' genius and since French Laundry is super expensive, Bouchon is a more cost-effective way to taste Chef Keller's masterpieces. . . So, I dragged 17 of my closest relatives here to experience one helluva breakfast! Many in my family, by the way, think IHOP is the best breakfast place on earth...*groan* *eyes roll* I hoped this place would give them an eye-opening, revelatory, perspective-altering dining experience!. . FOOD (And yes, I sampled ALL these dishes):. Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde ($25.50) - WHOA. Mussels and fries for breakfast??? Oh hell yeah! I HAD to try it! Fries were cooked and salted perfectly. Tiny mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, and saffron...so tasty, so fresh! After the mussels were devoured, I wanted to grab the egg-shaped metal bowl and gulp down the remaining liquid. The white wine in that liquid was so distinct! Don't worry, I didn't lose my composure, I subtly used my spoon to enjoy the leftover yumminess.. . Breakfast Americaine ($22) - This was served with two eggs any style, bacon, sausage, and toasted brioche. It also came with your choice of breakfast pastry, juice, and coffee. The most memorable thing about this dish was the surprisingly delicious strawberry croissant that didn't even look like a croissant. It was actually kind of ugly, but when I put a piece of it in my mouth...HOLY MOLY! I was surprised by how tasty it was! Warm, moist, sweet, with a hint of strawberry; soft and crunchy at the same time.. . Bouchon French Toast ($12) - Brilliantly executed! A French toast cylinder with layers of bread pudding, brioche, custard, and apples. So light! so sweet! So moist! So nice to look at, I almost didn't want to eat it!. . Gauffres ($12) - Waffles with fresh strawberries, sweetened with maple syrup and vanilla butter. Light, sweet, crunchy! Oh yesssss.... . Les Oeufs ($13) - Nothing impressive. The scrambled eggs and country sausage were decent. The toasted brioche was good after I covered it with the made-in-house strawberry jam. I am not a fan of fruit preserves, actually I hate them but this strawberry jam was excellent. The potato croquettes were alright. Christopher C said they were good with ketchup.. . Cinnamon Oatmeal w/Candied Orange Peel & Raspberry Puree ($7) - Bland but it was served in a cute little metal bowl. The raspberry puree was so subtle I could hardly tell it was there. And where was the candied orange peel? I couldn't see or taste it. The raspberries on top added a little flavor. It was a little better when we added the small cup of brown sugar that was included. We experimented and added some strawberry jam and oatmeal was way better!. . Pecan Sticky Bun ($4.25) - Oh myyyyyy! Topped with crunchy pecans, this bun is very sticky, very sweet, and very good!. . Hibiscus Champagne Cocktail ($12.50) - I ordered a mimosa but when they brought it, I saw this drink on the tray going to another table and I had to have one too! What a pretty cocktail! The hibiscus was fun to eat! When a person says no to this champagne, they say no to life!. . SERVICE:. We had two waiters all to ourselves. We didn't wait too long for our drinks & food but they seemed to disappear after our food was served. It was hard to flag down our waitress when I wanted another champagne. Also, it took a while for my dad to get his coffee refilled.. . I was proud of my family for being adventurous and trying something other than Ihop or McDonald's for breakfast. Even though we didn't get stellar service, they enjoyed their breakfast here. I sure LOVED it! After eating top quality food at this restaurant, I would love to eat at French Laundry. Hmmm...I might have to wait to win the lottery.
The lunch and brunch menu is not that big they could use a couple new items, but the pastries are AMAZING !!!
Was super excited to come here after having been to the Santa Barbara location and absolutely loving it. Came here with my boyfriend during our last trip to Vegas and had a weekday reservation for 9pm. When we arrived, the place was practically empty. This concerned me, but eh, we went in anyway.. . The service was awesome--our server was a younger, good looking asian dude (with impeccable posture--military, maybe?), and he was super knowledgeable about the menu, and not at all uppity/snobby. The bussers were like ninjas--water glasses always full but you never saw them. It was magical.. . The food: . . **Bone marrow: 5 STARS. SO. GOOD. Fatty meaty fattiness. Served with grilled bread which is seriously the perfect accompaniment. Ours was a rather skimpy portion of marrow, but the flavor was so on point and rich that it was really all you needed. I split this with my boyfriend and wished I had ordered my own. But I'm a fatty, so take that with a grain of salt.. . **Special Salad: 3 STARS. Bloomsdale spinach with nectarines in a vinagrette. Meh. There are better salads to be had.. . **Salad with goat cheese (boyfriend's order): 3 STARS. Goat cheese was good, but again, the rest of the salad was just okay--nothing special.. . **Croque Madame: 5 STARS. HOLY BUTTERY SANDWICH. Toasted brioche with ham and cheese inside, topped with a fried egg (sunny side up, runny yolk), covered in hollandaise. It was intensely rich, but so good. I would suggest serving it with something other than fries since the plate is basically a giant, fatty, carb overload, but regardless, it was awesome. I would totally get that again.. . **Steak Frites (boyfriend's order): 4 STARS. Kind or a small portion of steak, but really tasty. The meat was tender, but still had a good bite to it. Seasoning was perfect--the butter they serve on top of the beef is awesome. Served with a whopping pile of fries that fills up the plate but makes the small steak look even smaller.. . **Sorbet: 4 STARS. We ordered 2 flavors--white peach and coconut. Okay, first off, the flavor of the peach sorbet was lovely by very very sweet. It also seemed more like yellow peach than white peach, but that's just hair-splitting. Overall, peach was awesome. The coconut was alright imho--it didn't taste like fresh coconut, rather like shredded coconut. If that's your thing, you'll love it! Boyfriend thought it was really good.. . Overall, I'd definitely be back, for the awesome service without the uppity attitude, the bone marrow, and the Croque Madame. I'm also dying to try their oyster selection. Next time!. . P.S. The restaurant can be hard to find if you're not staying at the restaurant. We had to ask around several times before figuring out that you need to go to the self-parking bank of elevators. There's an elevator towards the back there dedicated to bringing you up to Bouchon and some other section of Venetian hotel rooms.
Came for lunch with a friend.  Had the beignets and their burger.  First time trying beignets and yes, they were really yummy, but is it me, or does it sorta taste like those denser donuts, but fresh.... The burger was fresh and probably one of the cleanest tasting burgers I've ever had.  What I mean is that the patty was juicy, but not oily.  There was no mess in the end or greasy feel to it, yet it was a very wholesome burger.  A bit strange, but in a good way.. Coupled with the 20% off coupon they gave us at check in, it was not an expensive meal at all!. . They did, however, double charge my credit card... That's BAD on you, Bouchon!
Appetizer compressed melon with white anchovy was awesome.. . Then I had the pork belly main.  The pork had zero taste.  It was made sous vide which means that whoever seasoned it screwed up the entire batch.  I returned it.. . This happened on 7/26.  . . Whoever is reading this at Bouchon please forward to Keller.  The guy who prepared the pork belly needs to be reamed out.  Keller is arguably the top chef in America.  This was an embarrassment to him and to American cuisine.  I can understand if a dish seasoned at the last minute in the heat of service is off but a sous vide dish?  Basically no salt at all???? Inexcusable.. . So I returned it (no charge) and got the bone marrow.  The toast was burnt.  OK that happens.  I got new toast.  The bone marrow sauce (red wine vinegar I think) was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Truly spectacular.  Keller is the man.  . . The chocolate mousse (which was in a terrine) was amazing.. . The red wine by the glass was too woody.  Get a better producer.  People drink cru bourgogne young - it should not be woody.. . Keller needs to visit Vegas, get  a megaphone and scream at the staff.  Bouchon is an American treasure.  These kinds of mistakes should not happen.
We sat outside on the patio. It was a beautiful Sunday morning, the perfect ending to a very fun girls weekend. I had the waffles with strawberries and tahitian vanilla bean butter. YUM! My friends had a  puffed pastry breakfast special that they said was delicious.. . A little overpriced for breakfast food, but its Vegas so its to be expected. Overall a good dining experience. Will definitely be back.
Went for dinner on a Friday night, we were able to get in without a problem.  Reservations (for two) were probably not even required.  Spinach salad was great, yellowtail carpacio was good (I'm more of a traditional sushi eater), steak was great, and the lemon tart was fantastic.
Whenever I visit Vegas, I make sure I have breakfast here. I love their pastries, their corned beef hash is delicious and home-made. The coffee is perfectly brewed. The service is outstanding.  The French Toast is a one of a kind dish that keeps me coming back.
I'll be the first to admit, I think "foodie" is a dirty word and don't belong to any celebrity chef cult of personality:  I'd rather prefer to enjoy food than to turn it into some sort of hobby .  As the Big Pun' so eloquently put it:  "I'm not a playah, I just crush a lot."  . . Stuff I crushed and wished I could have crushed more:  the petit plateau (seafood platter with oysters, clams, mussels, lobster) was fantastic. . . Stuff I crushed but may not crush again:  main course was not too impressive:  the lamb was great but the grilled polenta that came with was kinda tasteless -- it didn't add much to the dish other than to provide some visual contrast on the plate.  . . Was running tight for a show, so didn't really have time to do dessert justice, but the raspberry cobbler was really good.  Service was on point.. . I haven't been to the French Laundry so have no basis for comparison, but my overall experience was a little "meh," mostly because of the main course and the compressed timeframe, which is really no fault of the restaurant.  A solid four stars seems honest.
You know the restaurant is fancy when you ask for poached eggs and they offer them hard or soft.. haha.  Consider yourself warned, this place is $$$$.. . We ordered:. - Sourdough waffles awesome!  Never had them, would DEFINITELY have them again if I'm in the area! . - Poached eggs (single order = $3/each) sit pretty on a piece of toast.. - French toast - It's more of bread pudding french toast with caramelized apples and it's 2-3 inches high!  It'll definitely pass for the sweet tooth lover in your life - this entree can actually pass as a dessert serving as well.  I thought it was overly sweet... . I love the feel of this place.. it feel small but is spacious and has a really high ceiling.  Their service is great too!
I want to give Bouchon five stars but shortly after dining here my friend got very sick most likely from the raw oysters she ate here. I had no issues with the food I ordered and always love eating at Thomas Keller establishments.. .  I had the usuals and savored every bite. The mussels and fries at Bouchon are an absolute favorite! They tend to give an excessive amount of fries for the dishes that come with them. I can't imagine actually polishing off all the fries when there are so many other delicious items to devour.. . Seared Scallops, Arugula, Mushrooms, and Gnocchi. Macaroni au Gratin, macaroni gratin. Haricots Verts, sauteed green beans. Croque Madame, grilled ham & cheese sandwich on brioche with fried egg & mornay sauce served with French fries . Moules au Tolouse, Maine bouchot mussels steamed with white wine, Tolouse sausage & tomato oil
I want to give Bouchon five stars but shortly after dining here my friend got very sick most likely from the raw oysters she ate here. I had no issues with the food I ordered and always love eating at Thomas Keller establishments..  I had the usuals and savored every bite. The mussels and fries at Bouchon are an absolute favorite! They tend to give an excessive amount of fries for the dishes that come with them. I can't imagine actually polishing off all the fries when there are so many other delicious items to devour.. Seared Scallops, Arugula, Mushrooms, and GnocchiMacaroni au Gratin, macaroni gratinHaricots Verts, sauteed green beansCroque Madame, grilled ham & cheese sandwich on brioche with fried egg & mornay sauce served with French fries Moules au Tolouse, Maine bouchot mussels steamed with white wine, Tolouse sausage & tomato oil
The food was good, but I'm not sure that the prices were in line with the quality of the food.
Thomas Keller, you are fantastic; and I can say the same about Bouchon. Came for brunch. Bouchon is located on the second floor of the Venetian. Beautiful, bright atmosphere. A great way to end a weekend in Vegas. Please note that they do not take reservations for brunch.. . - Bouchon French Toast/   Layers of brioche, custard and apples. Light, moist bread pudding consistency. Indulgent and sweet.. . - Escargot a la Bourguignonne/   Topped with a fluffy puff pastry which was a nice compliment to the buttery escargot.. . - Pastry Basket/  Choose 4 pastries. I recommend the cheese danish and raspberry beignets. Heaven.. . Recommended for brunch!
Brunch here is the BEST!  . . If I'm in Vegas on a Sunday, this is my top choice for brunch. The pastry basket is wonderfully prepared and dishes are well executed. To get Keller quality w/o the French Laundry pricing is a bargain right there. If you're in a hurry and want to get some baked goods to-go, there is also a separate Bouchon Bakery on the casino floor.
I was a little out of my element at this high class restaurant but it was worth the trip.  We went for breakfast and tried the Chicken and Waffles.  The baked chicken and gravy was fantastic.  The service was top notch.
My boyfriend and I had no idea what to eat for brunch so I used my handy dandy Yelp app and found Bouchon.. . We made our way from Caesar's Palace to the Venetian. From the doors of the Venetian we went up the escalator and walked to the end of the corridor.. . We were seated immediately in a gorgeous dining area with the view of the patio. I ordered the french toast and my boyfriend had eggs, toast, bacon and sausage. A pastry of your liking and coffee was also included with his meal. The french toast was delicious and just what I needed to start my day, not to mention nicely prepared.. . The service here was kind and quiet.
Good food, service is great.. . Have been here twice for breakfast and had two good meals.  Drinks are a little pricey but hey, it's Vegas.
Fabulous place to have a lovely breakfast while in Vegas!  Food and service are always spot on and I love eating outside when the patio is open.
One of the best breakfast places on the strip.  It is a rather formal place so not quite the usual hangover breakfast that people have in vegas.  As a local however I do get the opportunity to have non hungover weekends and so I was able to enjoy the scrumptiousness of their bakery and cooking.  The daily specials are something worth paying attention to as they are made fresh that morning.
Th dining experience was wonderful here at Bouchon.  I actually had outdoor sitting which was wonderful evening it is.  The waiter were very helpful and their bread & butter is to die for.  We ordered a seafood tower which has lobsters, oysters, shrimps, clams, Alaskan crabs & mussels.  It was the freshest seafood I ever had in Vegas.  The shrimp was so sweet and lobsters was great.  I also had the sear foie gras and the taste of it was amazing.  But I did also had the French Onion soup which I didn't care for so much....
Don't get me wrong...when in Vegas, loosen up that belt and hit the buffet scene. However, quality not quantity should also be on the agenda. My friends and I decided to try Thomas Keller's Bouchon bistro restaurant at the Venetian. Unfortunately, we were not able to have what the state of California regards as an illegal substance, Foie Gras. Only a large serving was available at our late dining hour...unsure if the rest of our party wanted it, so we passed on it. My family and I had the Fennel soup, Escargots in a puff pastry, Mussels, Steak en Frites and what every foodie can't do without...Macaroni and cheese...well my 6 year old had to eat something. Nonetheless, this M&C definitely did not taste like something out of a blue and yellow box...the different cheeses used made for a very tasty mac n cheese that any adult wouldn't mind having. The fennel soup was very good and the escargots were very tasty. Mussels have never really been a favorite of mine but my wife said they were excellent...I did try one or two and the broth it came in and I must say it pretty good. The steak I had was great..tender, lots of flavor and yes, it was actually cooked medium as I liked, but many places do not seem to get right. A very good dinnerindeed...next time Foie Gras no matter what.
Got the assorted pastry basket. Fantastic. The berry fruit salad, also good. This place is solid on baked goods.. . Tip: they don't take reservations, but you CAN call and get an idea on the current wait before trekking out there.
What a delicious place to dine!  We were in town with friends for a wedding and were just looking for a change of scenery by heading over to the Venetian, we got that and more!  It was about 12:30 so we had the brunch.  Very short wait for a table. We got seated outside in this lovely courtyard which really added to our experience.  We ordered the following:. . Croque Madame. Waffles. Breakfast special with french toast. Bloody Mary . Gin Fizz. . Funny story on the gin fizz's....apparently bartender had never made before but he was more then willing to learn and along the way, our friends said they were the best they had ever had! We were very happy with the service, found them to be just the right amount of attentive and the food....delicious.  I have never had Frites so perfectly seasoned before in my life and the Croque Madame was heavenly, especially if you had the egg on top over easy so that when you cut into it, the yolk just blends wonderfully with the bechamel.  I saw a review on here that said the bechamel was too creamy.  Ummm....it's bechamel!!  Simply divine.    Also, most delicious Bloody Mary I have ever had.. . We were quite pleased and I for one can't wait to get back here for a different meal to try. See the pictures of what we had to eat, there is no shortage of them!
I have been trying to get here for brunch for a long time and never get up on time, but we decided to have dinner here.  We were sat by the fountain outside, and I loved it, it was romantic, just a little loud cuz it is a big fountain :) Our server(s) were wonderful, took their time with us, treated us so well... I fell deeply in love with the bread and butter, I tried the foie gras because I have never had it and anthony bordain said it is the best thing in life once I think... :) I liked it, I am glad I tried it, but I would actually like the bread and butter by the ton next time... I ordered the lamb, and I LOVED the pain purdue it came with, it tied the meal together so well... but the sweetness of the rest of the dish was a little more that I liked. The hubby had the steak frites, and it was very good, different than what he expected, but good... Those fries are great!!  I will be back for sure, I love the menu, the setting, etc.  I think it just missed a five though, it was great, but not amazing...
A friend and I went back for brunch this time--no reservations but only a 30 minute wait when we got there around 11:30am. :) Not bad! This was on Sunday over Labor Day weekend.. . We shared Classic Beignets, she ordered the Eggs Benedict special (artichoke hearts, heirlooms tomatoes and other veggies), and I got the chicken and waffles. We also each ordered mimosas!. . Okay, the food was awesome. I want to eat those beignets every. single. day. for the rest of my life. Seriously. They come with nutella and homemade jam! How can you go wrong?? They're also the lightest and fluffiest beignets I've ever eaten. FIVE STARS for those!. . Special Benedict: I only tried a bite, but the bite I did have was awesome. perfectly creamy sun-dried tomato hollandaise! Also, the potatoes that came with her dish were awesome. Not sure what they were called, but they were cubed and looked/tasted deep-fried. :D 4 STARS! She also ordered a side of bacon, which was generous, and TASTY, though can you really go wrong with bacon?. . Chicken and Waffles: omg. HOW do they keep that chicken so moist and tender and delicious?! Best roasted chicken ever. The waffles were good, but for having bacon and chives inside, were a little light in the flavor department. Doesn't matter though, because the gravy that's served with the dish (alongside your typical maple syrup, which I passed on) is AMAZING. Rich but tart, with pieces of fatty meat (I'm thinking pork belly?) and little chunks of indiscernible veggies. Incredible flavor. 5 STARS, easy.. . Mimosas were 12.50 each, which I thought was steep, but I guess that's Vegas for you! No stars off for this, but I'll pass on the mimosas next time.. . As for ambiance, it could have been a teeny bit better. We were seated outside (no one asked if we wanted to or not), and while I LOVE dining al fresco, sweet baby jesus, THIS IS VEGAS. THE DESERT. How can you seat people outside when it's 100 degrees out?! No outdoor fans/misters either, just umbrellas and the shade of the hotel. 1 star off for this.. . Overall, I'll definitely be back, if only to stuff my face with those sweet, heavenly beignets, covered with nutella and jam.
A must every time we are in Vegas. I love the bread you receive while waiting for your food.. I can overdose on that complimentary bread, butter, and jam!!! I tried the french toast and it was rich and deliscious-it really is dessert for breakfast! My hubs had a basic breakfast-eggs, toast, protein-that was fine too. The fresh pressed espresso was for real! It is strong-the way it should be! I can't waitto return to Vegas to eat here again!
I absolutely looove this place!!!!!!!. . Terrine de foie gras...OMG! I could've finished all 5 oz to myself if I didn't eat a bunch of other stuff. Their crispy finger-sized toasts made the perfect companions.. . Grand plateau....this is their 3-tiered humongous seafood combination platter that include cocktail shrimps, 3 types of raw oysters (including Kumamoto), raw clams, mussels and lobsters! My favorites were the Kumamoto oysters...they were the perfect size (abt a one dollar coin), so creamy and super fresh! Yummmm!!. . House special short rib...tender, delicious and FULL of flavor!! It's laid on top of a bed amazingly flavored mushrooms that's been reduced in wine and their special sauce. . . Salade de Cresson d'Endive....delicious and refreshing with perfectly seasoned vinaigrette and walnuts.. . Veal Chateaubriand...extremely tender cuts of meat but flavor was nothing too memorable.. . Escargot a la Bourguignonne...braised burgundy snails with garlic butter under Bouchon's puffed pastry. Fantastic but very heavy on the butter....the richness of the butter and the pastry may turn some off.   . . And for desserts!!!! The dark chocolate mousse and the pot de creme are must-tries!!! Perfectly rich and creamy!! If you're a chocolate lover...you will not be disappointed with chocolate mousse!!!! Warning...will induce foodgasms!!! ;D. . Overall...even though Bouchon has multiple locations and a commercialized chef (still very respected)...the food at this Vegas location is Fantastic!!! Especially if you know what to order....and if you don't, ask the friendly server and give him/her some specific descriptives of what you favor and seek. Bon Appetit!! :D
At Bouchon, we were seated immediately at a lovely banqette facing tall, French doors with arched windows, which let in a lot of natural light.  This restaurant is very much like a French bistro, except for the high ceilings, and it glimmers enchantingly with lots of glass and mirrors.  There is a massive pewter and mahogany bar that, despite its scale, makes you feel you could have a very intimate conversation while draped over the rails.  The lighting is deliberately dim and a bit filmy, rather like the kind of light emitted from gas wall sconces.  There is mahogany millwork throughout.  The stunning blue Copenhagen floor tiles from Grenada Tile completed the interior; I immediately thought and felt like I was in Paris when I walked through the door.  I ordered the salmon rillettes--exquisite--and enjoyed that with a glass of Lucien Albrecht Cremant d'Alsace.  I also sampled the gravlax plate, a rather straightforward presentation, but the salmon was silky and lovely.   My husband, ever the "breakfast anytime" guy, ordered a sky-high plate of toast, pommes frites and beautifully fried eggs with the most enormous portion of bacon I've ever seen.  It must have been a full quarter-pound, cooked.  The service was lovely and as attentive as we needed it to be.  I lingered over my second glass of wine, a Sancerre, soaking up the ambiance and watching all the fabulous, beautiful food that whisked efficiently by my table.
Brought my wife to Bouchon, due to great reviews so far the place did not disappoint. We had a wonderful dinner great service we got wine as well. I ordered steaks my wife had scallops all was prepared very well and tasted great. I would recommend the restaurant for special occasions. I would still try the french laundry in Napa Valley will have to plan a trip there soon with my family.
Always a great breakfast, from fancy eggs benedict to chicken & waffles.. . I've only been here for breakfast and I've only been a few times, but it is consistently some of the best breakfast food I've had. The eggs benedict is fantastic. The vibe is a little odd because while you probably should be sort of at least smart casual to be in the place, many people will not be.
Great for brunch. Excellent table service but a little lacking at the bar. Love the waffles and chicken, moules frites and complimentary epi bread. However the bread pudding style french toast is not for me.  No reservations for weekend brunch. Boo!
Just can not wait to return to Sin City for another visit to Bouchon. Granted there is a Bouchon here in L.A., the service just doesn't match that here in Vegas. The service we received was very professional. Some highlights were the Sourdough Waffles with fresh strawberries, scrambled eggs which were so rich in flavor, and the sausage.  Obvious, started with the Bellini, could have had like six of those, and finished with espresso. I really recommend dining al fresco. Especially in the middle of summer, in the morning. It is so peaceful. A truly pleasant way to start the day. The only disappointment is that the chicken and waffles I was so looking forward to, ( thanks for all the teasing Yelp!) is only served on the weekends. Unfortunately we were there on a Monday morning. Would love to try a dinner here also! Can be a challenge to locate if your are unfamiliar with the layout of Palazzo/Venetian properties.
Went for wife's birthday and not disappointed.  Bartender was excellent, made a great sazerac.  Service was excellent.  Lamb was cooked perfectly and very tasty.  I had the veal special which was special.  A little disappointed in the French onion soup, just didn't have the favor in the broth, have had much better elsewhere.  We sat outside in it was terrific.  They even gave my wife a comp birthday dessert that was delicious!  Highly recommend
Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a party of 5 around noon and were quoted a 40 minute wait and were pleasantly surprised that it only turned into a half an hour. Definitely do-able. The place is super cute and very french bistro like, very authentic to some of the places we ate in Paris. And it was kinda big in size which is necessary for the demand of people that come here. It's kinda tucked away downstairs in the Venetian but there are signs everywhere so you won't get lost. I loved all the cute pictures on the top walls of random french stuff, very adorable for people like me who appreciate pleasant ambiance.. . Now onto the food, I was kinda worried since I'm more of a lunch, dinner person than a brunch person but the menu was pretty good. I had the special butternut squash soup which was simply delicious and fresh. The happy bread that comes complimentary on the weekend with french butter and strawberry jam left me very happy and super full as we could not stop ourselves. My husband had the omelette du jour which he seemed to enjoy with a side of bacon that I helped myself to as well  which was delicious. We also had the pommes frites which were some of the best I've ever had. I dipped them in mayo and jam, and both were just to die for. I'm dreaming about those pommes frites. Friends had the lox and cream cheese, mussels and other brunch items and everything looked and smelled fabulous. A must go to place in Vegas especially for brunch. The walk from Aria and the wait was well worth it.
Lovely food, great wine, great service, great price!. . It is well worth the couple hundred bucks you would spend here. Everyone in my party was happy with the meal!. . We had apps, main and dessert and a few bottles of wine. Would not hesitate to go again!
Decided to try this restaurant for dinner. Great atmosphere, prompt service, great wine list, and cocktails. The portions for the main courses and appetizers are large. The dishes however seemed to be under-seasoned for my taste, toned down somewhat. The escargots seemed to be more subtly seasoned, and lacked the garlic punch that I'm used to; however, the puff pastries accompanying each snail was properly cooked through. The pork belly was delicious, but somehow was lacking the unctuousness of a pork belly; it was rather dry. The oysters were delicious, and so were the steak frites and roasted chicken. The high-light of he evening was the ile flottante, a classic dessert that is rarely madebut executed to perfection here. Dinner for two with cocktails and wine by the glass was lose to $250 before gratuity. Recommended.
Vegas is known for interesting, delectable fare, and Bouchon fits perfectly into that description. We decided to patron Bouchon after reading some yelp reviews, and looking up the creator, Thomas Keller. Although yelp has it down as casual, the overall aesthetic was much classier. To be fair, they didn't refuse us service for our subpar attire, but I get the feeling that flops and shorts would be frowned upon. . . We arrived a little before our reservation, and so we waited at the bar and helped ourselves to a cocktail while we waited. The bartender's mix and presentation was superb; exactly what you'd expect for a 12$ cocktail. . . Once sat, we were greeted by an ever rotating service staff that seemed to have extremely niche positions. First in the parade was our head waiter, who showed us the menu (hint: it's wrapped around the napkin!) and immediately assuaged us without seeming condescending. Next in line was our baker, who's sole point was to constantly keep us breaded, buttered, and pistachioed. Since Keller also has a Bouchon bakery, we weren't shocked to find the bread was crusty deliciousness. Out waiter returned and I decided to quiz him on his menu knowledge. He scored a perfect grade. . . At his suggestion, we tried three cheeses as a sampler. We had a musette, cheddar, and a goat's milk cheese. All three had exactly the flavor profile described by our waiter, and were paired with a scrumptious dob of honey and a apple sliced fanned out.. . At this point, the dedicated drink carafe holder had made an appearance, as well as our table clearer, who doubled as a utensil swapper. I've never used a single utensil for so brief a time. . . The main course arrived - lamb for myself, a gourmet bacon salad for my friend - and was, as expected, excellent. For dessert, we enjoyed the signature Bouchon (miniature brownies topped with pumpkin ice cream, over a toasted marshmallow base). . . Between the fantastically attentive and personal service, to the gorgeous presentation and overall tastiness of the meal, Bouchon easily earns a 4 out of 5. The food was delicious, but the flavors were relatively unidimensional and didn't quite reach that delightful level where you're left satisfied but craving more.
Wow, great corned beef & eggs. Great service.
Way better than Napa. But hard to find. You've gotta take the elevator to the 2nd level.. . Anyway... we didn't make a reservation and had to wait for a while. And some asshole took our table! Hope he choked.. . Based on our friend's recommendation, we had chicken and waffles. Best waffles ever. So light and fluffy... they were savoury bacon and chive waffles. so good. chicken was perfectly roasted. the sauce went well with the chicken and waffles too. i didn't need the vanilla bean butter but it didn't take away from the dish. very satisfying.. . my husband had scrambled eggs with croissant and white sausage. don't bother! it was so sad... just a lonely croissant, rubbery-looking eggs and regular sausage. get the chicken and waffles instead :-). . i also had a peach beer which was nice :-) this is more like what i expected of thomas keller :-p
We loved the food and atmosphere here.  We ate here on a SUnday night.  Not too busy.  Great service.. . Escargot was great.  Roast Chicken was perfect.  Wine list is great.. . Didn't particularly love spending money in Sheldon Adelson's casino, but hard to avoid giving money to people you don't like in Vegas.
Pretty damn good. Nice atmosphere. Small complaint: Menu print was pretty small, and lighting is not great. Our waiter had to actually give us a flash light. And surprisingly empty for a Thursday night! . . Overall, very good food that was prepared thoughtfully. I had the butternut squash soup, a special for the day, that was smooth, slightly sweet, and nice. Gnocchi in brown butter was a nice dish, and the quince was a tasteful touch.
This restaurant was great!  The menu had a lot of variety and options, although I would have liked a traditional Breakfast plate with pancakes, bacon, eggs, etc.  Then again, it's a French restaurant, so it wouldn't have necessarily been fitting.... . I arrived around 10:30am on a Sunday without a reservation and the wait was about an hour long.  After waiting for 20 minutes or so, I asked if we could have a full meal at the bar.  The hostess told me we could, so I found two seats near the end and sat down.  . . Service wasn't super attentive.  I was kind of disappointed that no one checked up on me after I got my meal... Especially disappointing since typically one sits at the bar hoping for great service.  And based on the bartender/bar patron ratio... there was no excuse.  . . I had the Corn Beef Hash with two over easy eggs.  It was OUT OF THIS WORLD delicious!  Would definitely recommend the food.  . . Atmosphere is cute -- very french bistro like.  . . Overall, not a bad experience.  Had the service been more attentive, it would have been a 5.
I have tried to get into their sister restaurant in Napa, The French Laundry, for some time with no luck since reservations are required 60 days out and are handled like a radio contest. So since I was given the opportunity to dine here while staying at the Venetian, I figured this was as close as I was gonna get. Reservations here were much easier - opentabled it the same day.. . The restaurant is as beautiful as you would expect and the service is spot on. It is definitely pricey, but that was to be expected. The wine list is original and the menu has a great variety. I had to go for the foie gras and it was one of the best I have had. For my main dish, I wanted to try something adventorous so I opted for the sturgeon. I have never had it before and it sounded great on the menu. Sadly, it wasn't anything special like I was expecting - just an ok piece of fish served fairly plain. I was hoping for something inventive and creative, but it was probably a basic sous-vide with barely any seasoning/sauce. My friend ordered a salmon that was actually very good - perfectly prepared and a tasty sauce to go with. . . It is definitely worth going to, just for the pate even.
I ate at plenty of restaurants in vegas, but this by far is my favorite place to dine.  And yes, it's worth the 20+ min wait time......waiting was not bad though because we had bloody mary's to keep us entertained.  OMG, they have THE BEST bloody mary's --- i had to order 3 (yes, 3 at 10 am... ahem, only in vegas?).  The service was great... i kind of forgot what i ordered but remember it was tasty.  :) (just kidding).  I ordered the hash brown and potatoes -- it was really good and fresh! would def order it again.  oh and their bread was amazingly fresh ---- mmmmmmm.  I want to go back to vegas just to eat here (again!).
There's a Bouchon in LA that I haven't gotten around to trying yet, but after having brunch here in Vegas it's been bumped up on my to-try list!. . We arrived around 11am on a Saturday morning and waited about 20 minutes for our party of 10 to be seated - not bad. (Maybe just lucky though...). . Service was a little bit slow, maybe because we were in a back room with a few other large parties. They seated us even though we were missing a few in our party, which was nice. . . I ordered the corned beef hash, and also tried the omelette du jour and chicken&waffles. Heads up that the corned beef hash was A LOT of meat! And not much else... Tasty but didn't really hit the spot after a long night... chicken and waffles probably would have been a better choice. The chicken was very moist and waffles tasty. Really good syrup too, but it was at $26. Sharable for breakfast/brunch, but probably not for a full lunch/dinner. The corned beef hash was $17 I think.. . The star of the morning for me was the beignets for sure! They come with a chocolate sauce and a currant (?) compote, both of which went well with the donuts. Really moist and cakey - what I imagine they would taste like in New Orleans!. . I also got an OJ with my breakfast which tasted like it came from the carton and not fresh squeezed. Kind of a disappointment for $4.
I would definitely go again if I am in this area. It wasn't as foodie central as I hoped like the one in Napa Valley. Most of the entrees were supplemented with heaps of french fries. So order the specials and the items from the menu that is not fries galore, their flavors were good.
I spend all too much time at the Venetian each year. This is my first stop after I check in and unpack my bags. . Early evening cocktail paired with the Rillettes aux Deux Saumons is a perfect start to a long trip. . Savory and sweet options available for brunch with delicious coffee. . When the weather is right, the outdoor patio is lovely.
Brunch for me was just ok but.... . Sometimes you just want a good seafood tower, with some good sparkling wine. And Bouchon is where you get that. Be prepared to pay though. Thomas Keller + Vegas = $$$$
Always wanted to try the Thomas Keller experience. Here's is what we tried:. 1. Foie gras - it's nice to have it here because we are out of California. Not the best I've had but it's good with their truffle fries. The order also comes with two plates of toasted baguette which you can spread the foie gras on. Yum!. . 2. Escargot - too salty, but very unique having a puff pastry on top. The flavor would have been very good if it wasn't too salty. . . 3. Oysters - LOVE them. There were different kinds and all of them were so good. . . 4. Mixed greens - love the taste of their red wine vinaigrette. . . 5. Bouchon steak - again, too salty. I always think it's not the best idea to order steak at a French restaurant, but we just wanted some meat.... . 6. Sturgeon confit - good flavors! Seafood here is worth a try.
very good french food. menu caters to the foodie crowd, so be prepared for a slightly pretentious clientele. the waitstaff, however, are very helpful.. . food is good, drinks are strong, and desserts are worth the price.. . note: with california's recent foie gras ban, this is one of best, most accessible options for californians looking for fatty duck liver (it's very good here)
Ate at Bouchon twice on last trip to Vegas. The first time was was solid, though service was a little indifferent and unattentive. The second time we had dinner at the bar. The bartender was so nice we decided to eat at the bar. She seemed only to be concerned with us and make sure we enjoyed our dinner, though it was clear she was busy handling drink orders for the entire restaurant. She made great recommendations for both food and wine -- set the perfect balance between making sure everything was perfect and not being too intrusive. The food was excellent, but she really amplified all of the positives and made the experience really memorable.
Went here last night with some of my friends.  A once a year type deal for ourselves-. . We were seated promptly and it was relatively quiet in the restaurant.  We were going to try sweetbreads and the marrow appetizers-unfortunately the sweetbreads weren't on the actual menu (only saw them online).  . . Numerous servers bustled around us, waters constantly topped off, but I can't say our head waiter was very attentive or helpful.  Plus, his accent with the general murmur of the restaurantmade him pretty difficult to understand at times.  Very friendly though, and I'm sure had I asked more questions he would have been glad to answer them.  He did forget to mention the fact they were out of the lamb, however.  A mildly annoying fact that I'm sort of happy about after seeing other reviews on here.  o.O . . So started with the bone marrow, a first for us all.  Was delicious.  The braising and the sauce was delicious.  My friend couldn't stand restaurants with so much waitstaff-but she lit up when she tried the first bite of it.  The soup of the day was a sweet potato with a strawberry?? stripe drizzled across.  The bright fruit flavor really made it.  . . Entrees were the steak and fries, braised short-ribs, and I decided on the chicken.  The steak was amazing (especially for being flatiron-not one I would traditionally consider as tender-man was I wrong)-french fries hardly lost any quality as they cooled off.  Wonderfully seasoned and crispy.  Short-ribs were meaty and delicious, with a similar flavor sauce to the bone marrow earlier in the meal.  Finally, the chicken-it's changed from the menu listed online (or at least it was).  It wasn't served with the brussel sprouts but with a dijon mustard sauce and sauteed mushrooms.  It was far and away the best chicken I've ever had in my life, the skin was crispy and delicious, the sauce was fantastic, and every bite was a pleasure.  The only minor criticisms I could give about it is it could really do with something fresh on the plate, and the white meat, at the thickest parts toward the wing, was a little overcooked.  The dark and most of the white was a joy though.  . . Overall-I enjoyed the experience.  Service was great if a little slow at times, not overly obtrusive, and the food was amazing- the steak and the chicken would have me back no problem.  And the marrow-while a small portion- was fantastic.
It's a branch of Thomas Keller's French bistro inside the Venetian.  We've been here before and always enjoyed the first-class service and beautiful ambiance.  The food is amazingly consistent and well priced I think.. . For appetizers, our party of three split the barley salad with baby artichokes and the duck confit.  The salad was interesting - interesting texture similar to rice but with a good amount of acidity from the tomatoes.  The duck is basically a leg quarter that's cooked to a super juicy consistency with a crispy skin on the outside.  It's served on a bed of buttery polenta.  This dish will make you a fan of duck!. . For main course, I always get the roast chicken - basically Bouchon elevates this dish like no other.  It's roasted to perfect consistency and like the duck has a crisp, buttery skin.  They offer some roasted potatoes and Brussels sprouts too.  The chicken meat is perfectly cooked and the sauce is amazing too.. . My wife had the mussels in saffron broth with truffle fries, which were generous portions.  Our 14-yr old niece had the grilled ham and cheese (topped with a fried egg) with fries.  It looked pretty tasty since she scarfed it all down.  Note that Bouchon is fairly generous in portion size - so no need to order extra sides of fries.. . For desserts, it's hard to do better than the chocolate bouchons (3 brownies per order) with peppermint ice cream.  Sweet balanced by minty refreshing flavor.  The other dessert was the eggnog pot a Creme, with two shortbread cookies.  This was also amazing - similar to a panna cotta with a unique flavor.
extremely good fine dining. I really liked the sweetbreads, which might have biased me towards it because I really like sweetbreads and they are rare to find in restaurants in the first place. Also, great roasted bone marrow!
I seriously need to thank this place for providing such stellar service. After a nightmarish meal at an Italian restaurant in the Miracle Mile, I was thrilled to come here and feel more welcomed. *high five*. Bouchon has never disappointed me. This is only for brunch though, I can't say anything for lunch or dinner. I've tasted the pomme frites, chicken and waffles, croque madame, profiteroles, brioche and jam and hibiscus drink. . The pomme frites are crisp to perfection. The bread on the croque is nicely toasted and tastes wonderful with the gooey runny egg- however, I prefer mine with a fully cooked egg. The chicken and waffles are probably my favorite. Compared to Roscoe's, it's a different experience all together. You don't have to use the syrup because the waffle has this nutty flavor alone. Topped with a piece of chicken and a smear of butter and you're good to go! The chicken is beautifully fried with all the flavors coming from the meat itself, not the batter. . I love bread and Bouchon has the BEST bread and vanilla bean butter on earth!!!! Everything is better with butter- lemme tell you! Just remember that the vanilla bean butter only comes with the Chicken & Waffles dish and may cost extra if you order it alone. Also get the profiteroles which are tiny fried pieces of dough (fancy donuts if you will).
Went for Dinner on 12/27/12 and I really liked the ambiance and the service. We had  Salad, Muscles, Veal, and the Trout which was suppose to be the best thing on the menu. Well the food is nothing to write home about but the view and ambiance is one of the best in Vegas. So go for a pleasant or a romantic dinner not for the good food. Next time we will order the steak. French restaurants won't disappoint you with that.
Amazing service!  The entree's are about $20-$35 each so it wasn't too bad.  Had the french onion soup to start and it was beautifully presented, the broth was beefy and flavorful and loved the gruyere cheese on top.  I had the steak frites and even though i was hesitant to get a flank steak, it was grilled nicely and to my Medium -rare, it also cam with a mountain of fries which I wasnt even able to finish.  Love the horseradish also, very strong so becareful when you use it.
I am a great fan of Chef Keller. As an Executive Chef myself for 35 years I have lot of respect for what Chef Keller has done to French food and his passion for for sous-vide cuisine. . But Chef where in the world do you find a restaurant that closes at 1:00 pm for Lunch ??? nowhere that I know of... We always look forward to have a great meal when  we go to Vegas but when we get turned away at 1:05 pm it was a big disappointment . Sorry...
There's not much that can cure a hang over. I was pretty upset at myself that I finally visited Bouchon in a less than proper state. The BFF and I were seated, and I chugged water for a good five minutes. Damn it, Vegas. . . I'm a foodie. I love great food and even better drink. I have been planning on Bouchon for weeks and finally made it back to Vegas, and I go so wrecked from the previous night's dinner and fun that I'm in no state to truly enjoy Bouchon's offerings. No problem. It's about the food and the experience....Wonderful, fresh and delicious sandwiches and cheeky, fun service. . . I can never say no, and will have to come back to Bouchon to check out the dinner service.
When my husband and I were planning our trip to Las Vegas last month, I was placed in charge of finding places to eat. I had heard Thomas Keller opened up a place, but didn't know where and it honestly didn't take me long to find Bouchon in the listing of restaurants along the strip. How could I NOT make this a priority? I quickly booked a reservation for a Sunday dinner and were were definitely not disappointed.. . We ended up being a little early, but considering it was a rather slow Sunday and our reservations were on the early side, they had no problem seating us right as we walked in. I was a little surprised at how quiet it was, but I think it made for a much more enjoyable experience. The ambiance was very much a Parisian bistro, down to the tile floor, dark wood bar, and white table cloths. The 2-top tables were set rather close to one another, but that didn't bother me much. It was a tiny bit distracting when the single man next to us was ordering, but that's only because I honestly wanted to know what he was ordering. It also gave me an opportunity to ask how he liked the chicken, which I was eyeing on the menu earlier.. . Our waiter greeted us as soon as we sat down. He asked for our preference for water and allowed us some time to peruse the menu. Water delivered, he gave a thorough explanation of the various specials they had that night. My husband andI both skipped on cocktails from the bar and went with wine for the evening. Unfortunately, their wine selection, while lovely, is outrageously expensive. I managed to find something reasonably priced and lucky for us it turned out to be a good find (Sans Liege '10 "The Offering" - it was surprisingly good, totally recommend it). The sommelier who poured our wine was very nice and complimented our choice without being judgmental. Overall, the waitstaff were warm, friendly, and very professional.. . We started our meal sharing the hors d'oeuvres special for the evening: fois gras pate, duck confit, and huckleberry gelee terrine. This was simply exquisite. That's the only way to describe it. The layer of fois gras at the top melted on the tongue, making way for the incredibly savory and rich duck confit. The huckleberry gelee was brightly tart and just a bit sweet and essentially cleaned up the palate. I am so happy we ordered this. It certainly was a one-of-a-kind experience.. . We both ordered a salad: I had the farro salad with kale, fresh tarragon, and preserved lemon segments and my husband had a green salad (the type of salad is escaping me at the moment). I was slightly disappointed in my salad. It was much more of a grain salad than a kale salad, which is what I was expecting. Had I the opportunity to change my order, I would have as this was definitely a meal salad. It was very heavy and filling. My husband's salad was a standard mixed greens with a lovely vinaigrette.. . For our entrees, my husband went old-school traditional with the Steak Frites (roasted flat iron cut) and I went with the Salmon. The Steak Frites was delicious: the steak itself was perfectly cooked to order and the frites were plentiful and yummy. The salmon was perfectly cooked (medium-rare) with a lovely seared crust on all sides. It was served with a side of farro and little cubes of winter squash. Since I had had my fill of farro with my salad, I stayed away from the farro with the salmon and enjoyed the fish and squash. As I write this, I'm curious as to why the waiter didn't question my order, seeing as I was ordering pretty much the same thing for 2 courses. I know that the customer is always right, but in this instance, I honestly would've liked some guidance and perhaps a nudge to order a different salad. Besides this little diner-error, everything was delicious and fresh.. . I made darn sure I saved room for dessert and neither of us were disappointed. My husband went with the Flourless Chocolate Tart and I went with their special for the evening Egg Nog Pot de creme. I loved this custard. It was not too over-the-top spicy, but perfectly sweet and creamy. My husband's chocolate tart was incredibly rich and delicious, too. Both of us were very pleased with our choices.. . Considering The French Laundry is on my bucket list, I'm happy that I was able to at least enjoy one of Thomas Keller's establishments early and one that doesn't require a reservation 6 months in advance. We very much enjoyed ourselves here and will happily come again. I hear their brunch is lovely, too...
If you've been to the one in Yountville, this one is definitely worth going to. . . I didn't like it the first time I went, but definitely this time I enjoyed everything. The highlight, for me, was that I could get foie gras here, which I can't do back home (stupid CA laws!). One thing to watch out for: it's VERY hard to get reservations during large events like CES, which is when I was there last. Get yours ahead of time or expect to eat dinner after 9pm.
Went on Monday around 11:30 and we were seated right away.  I've been to Bouchon three times.  The first two times were great but this time I ordered tuna sandwich with fries and the taste was just okay, nothing special. cost $17.   My hubby ordered steak sandwich $18 and it's much better than tuna.
This place was SO GOOD, although first I have to start off with why it didn't get five stars. We made a reservation for 8:45 PM. We showed up around 8:25 PM and they said they would seat us closer to our time. No problem, we went and got a drink somewhere, played some slots and came back almost right at 8:45 PM. They had us wait...and wait...and about 20 minutes later my husband had to go up and ask them what the heck was going on? Granted it was Friday night and a major convention in town, but we had reservations and they kept saying tables seating just two weren't coming up yet. The hostess was trying to be nice, but it wasn't until we kind of made it clear we weren't happy that the manager came over with some champagne and said the next table would be ours. From then on their service was really great (albeit a bit slow). I think they knew we weren't going to be a**holes about it, but that we weren't happy. From reservation time to actually getting food it was over 45 minutes. We had somewhere to be too and thought we had more than enough time--we were wrong. Anyway, like I said, they ended up be very apologetic and nice.. . The bread they brought out was so good, we had to be careful not to fill up on it, although we laughed that it didn't come on a plate. The loaf was just put right onto the table like they're too cool for plates or it was more "artistic." Whatever, we didn't care, it was good! I had the dozen mussels as an appetizer and a salad, Frisee aux Lardons et Oeuf Poche (frisee lettuce, lardons, poached egg with bacon vinaigrette & toasted brioche), as my entree. VERY good, especially the mussels (cold with a dijon sauce, which I was hooked on). I loved the lardons (basically fried pork fat), although I didn't care much for the lettuce--would've liked something with a heartier leaf. Still good though. Hubby ordered the Grilled New York Strip (14 oz) medium and I don't think we've seen a more perfect looking steak. Seriously, the thing was perfectly cooked all the way through. And it tasted AMAZING. It came w/ Bernaise sauce and fries, but the steak just by itself was incredible. A tad much for us size-wise, but then again we ate it all!. . For dessert, they were so sweet, they brought us desserts on the house for our troubles. The Creme Caramel (creme brulee) was probably the most perfect creme brulee I've ever had. Just the right sweetness and so creamy. And I tend to order it everywhere just to compare; this really was the best one. Make sense at a French restaurant I suppose! They also gave us their chocolate cake w/ ice cream (they sell this cake at the bakery)--also amazing! Everything just had such a rich taste. . . I think the price made sense and the food was amazing. If the service (i.e. wait) is better next time, I would say this is totally would get a five-star review in my book. We'll be back for sure.
Came here with my girlfriends for brunch while on our Vegas trip! . . Loved the decor of the place! And every dish we ordered was really good. But I would have to say that their pastries are the best! We love their Pecan Sticky Bun. Too bad they don't have the sticky buns at the bouchon's here in LA!
This place is pretty consistent with the other Bouchon properties in Napa and LA.  The major difference from what I can see is that the Vegas location is more of a restaurant and less of a bistro.. . We had dinner and dined pretty late (9:45pm reservation) but the food was good as usual.  I always have their foie gras and it was excellent.. . This is a great stop for a nice meal in Vegas.
Comfortable, high-end bistro.  Nice outdoor area ideal for breakfast.  Adored the sweetbreads and you can't beat their moule frites for a late night dinner.
My last meal in Vegas was at Bouchon, and the lunch was pretty good.. . We showed up at 11, and practically had the whole restaurant to ourselves. The restaurant was a little hard to find (in the Venezia section of the Venetian), but the restaurant looked nice and classy. We ended up getting:. . Moules frites (mussels in white wine came out in a Staub cast iron, with tons of fries): this dish was very good. . Croque madame: again, this dish came with a lot of fries. Everything tastes better when you cut the yolk on the sunny-side up egg. I liked this dish more than the mussels.. . Goat cheese and greens: the salad was decent, although I would have liked something crispy or crunchy to contrast the warm goat cheese or nicely-dressed greens.. . Although not cheap (a little less than 80.00 including tax and tip), it was one of the best meals that I had in Vegas this past weekend.
My last day in Vegas before catching a flight out of town I came to Bouchon for a decent meal before getting shafted by the airport.  I ordered the Jardiniere breakfast that came with two eggs any style, brioche, fruit salad, spinach, potatoes, a choice of pastry and a glass of OJ.  The scrambled eggs I ordered were perfectly cooked, still had that creamy custard texture that perfect scrambled eggs should be and they were well seasoned.  The spinach in my opinion was a bit over salted and the potatoes were fine.  The chocolate croissant was awesome, unlike so many places they actually had more than a meager line of chocolate, it was nice and flakey to boot.  . . The service here was awesome, we told the waiter we were in a hurry to get going and the kitchen was able to quickly knock out our meals.  We were able to get in and out of the restaurant in about half an hour, so a huge thumbs up to both the front of the house and back of the house.  Wish I could have come here for dinner, but I guess that'll have to wait till the next SHOT show.
Our family had a fantastic birthday dinner at Bouchon and I'd love to come back in the future.  Service was perfect.  They checked on us often, but not too much.  They were accomodating and attentive to the birthday girl as well as the toddler at our table.. . My favorite items were:. . The Roasted Bone Marrow with garlic, parsley, shallots and sherry vinegar served with toasted bread.  Fatty and flavorful.. . The Roasted Chicken with caramelized cabbage, forest mushrooms and whole grain mustard was tender and juicy.  I especially loved the tangy mushroom sauce and went really well with the chicken. . . Improvements:. . The Gnocci was a little too soft and mushy.  I think it was cooked a little too long and the plating was inconsistent.  Two of us at the table ordered the gnocci and one of the plates had a good amount of vegetables, while the other had a few pieces.
Came here a couple year ago for my birthday dinner.  The food was good.  We really wanted oysters and they were completely out of everything.  =( Great Service.
Came here for brunch on 2/9 and sat at the bar.  First time here.  It was early so the oyster bar was still being set up.  . Service:  Great.  Servers very attentive.  Food came out really really quick. . Food:  I had the French toast and it was really good.  They make it in a bread pudding style.  I didn't think it was overly sweet.  The portion was perfect for me.  Would love to learn the recipe.  . I would love to return here for dinner and try the oyster bar.
I've done brunch here multiple times and dinner here once. I much prefer brunch. Mimosas, quiche with some greens, a glass of Sancerre, some oysters, delicious bread and butter. A dream brunch for me. My wife goes for sourdough waffles or French toast with bacon and mimosas throughout the meal. The perfect way to start the day in Vegas.. . Dinner is a wonderful experience and can actually be quite affordable in comparison to many other places we like to go, or you can go all out. Wonderful wine list given that I prefer old world wines in general, and they have a full range of prices so it's not intimidating if you have a budget, but if you aren't holding back you can grab a great bottle. I wouldn't pass up the terrines, pates, and other classic charcuterie if available. I also suggest digging into the oysters. The quality is incredible. . . Brunch or dinner, Highly Recommended.
I've come here several times for brunch and each time hasbeen fantastic. I've tried a bunch of different things, waffles, the quiche, even the Breakfast Americaine is wonderful. And of course the pasties are out of this world. I am a tremendous fan of Bouchon Bakery, I've been to the one in Yountville, Columbus Circle and the one at the Venetian and all three are fantastic. The restaurant is decorated very authentic like a French bistro and during the daylight it really looks spectacular. . . The only reason why I don't giveit five stars which I know in my  heart it truly deserves it because of one time I came for dinner with a friend. I ordered the steak frites which was wonderful and I ordered a glass of red wine (cannot recall which one) and tyhe waiter said he "did not recommend that one, he would not clean the floors with it". What? I kid you not. Totally uncalled for, I had not even asked his opinion. I said I wanted it either way. This was some years ago ago and to this day I have not returned to dinner. . . I'll do brunch here, the sunlight seems to keep the staff happy.
A delicious french toast breakfast with a gorgeous view in a beautiful atmosphere.
Chicken and waffles, that's all I hear about this place. So I gave it a go and ordered a plate. First thing first, I had a huge hangover so this might affected the way food taste to me. The chicken was good. The gravy was good. The waffles was meh. It was good in the beginning but it started to be too overwhelming with flavor and sweetness. Service was on point. Price...well lets just say chicken and waffle isn't worth losing an arm and leg over. Its just chicken and a waffle lol. I've had a lotttttttttt better for half the price. Can't say I will ever come back or recommend it to anyone.
After reading the reviews I was excited about going here for brunch. . .   Once you get beyond the hostesses looking down their noses and being disorganized, the service was great! Loved the wait staff. . .    After being seated at a great table, we were immediately greeted and asked about our drink order. I asked if they had regular black tea, was told yes and got a fruit flavor tea. No biggie, I still drank it. . .   I had a simple breakfast of smoked salmon & baguette. Can't really go wrong with this.. presentation was nice and everything was what I expected. .    My friends ordered the quiche - said it was delicious, another eggs and hash, she said was good, and the other eggs with sausage. The sausage appeared homemade and she ate every bite of it. . .    Why I am not giving this a 5-star is the hostesses and the loud music. It was so loud it was very hard for the woman across from me to hear what I would say and vice-versa.  It was not that loud the other night at dinner, and when asked why it was so loud they said they do it because brunch is so crowded. Not the answer I would have expected. But I am assuming if you blare the music louder than your guests conversations it makes a better atmosphere... Fail
The food was BOMB!. . So I'm going to be honest...I wasn't in the best mind set to enjoy this meal...I had just eaten my body weight a few hours ago at Wicked Spoon...and then indulged in a wide assortment of libations...but still, the food was awesome! . . Since I wasn't too hungry I ordered the Croque Madame. Basically a ham and cheese sandwich with an over easy egg on top. It also came with a mountain of french fries. The plate was amazing. The egg was perfectly cooked and the innards of the sandwich were delicious. The fries were also perfectly flavored. I couldn't finish the meal, but I wanted to!. . I tried the mussels which were also great, and the gnocchi which wasn't my favorite. My friend wasn't a big fan either. . . The service was great and the place was quite nice. I'll have to return with a more welcoming stomach and save the liquid festivities for after.
Desperate for some brunch grub after a long night and a pounding headache... Bouchon seemed like the perfect place to go, since it's conveniently located in the Venetian, where we stayed for the weekend.. . Despite my hangover, the food was delicious! I stayed on the safe side and had an American breakfast even though I was in a French restaurant... yes, a bit lame. But that seemed to be the most appetizing thing for me. I didn't have much of an appetite, so I boxed about half of it. And even a few hours later, it still tasted amazing cold! Haha. I know... I felt like I wasted my money on food I could make easily at home, but oh well.. . The croissants are to die for. So flaky, buttery, and bad for you... but man, worth it. I don't normally eat bacon but I caved in and ate them since they couldn't substitute it with anything else unless they charge you extra. The eggs were fluffy and they even took my nit-picky requests of egg whites only. . . I'd totally come back here for the croissants... At that time I wasn't feeling adventurous with French cuisine (most likely because of my nauseous state) but I'll def be back to try them! I was also surprised the place wasn't packed and crowded. The restaurant itself isn't probably known for its breakfast... I'm a bit bummed they didn't have the chicken and waffles on the brunch menu as others have mentioned =(. . Our server was also super nice and gave great recommendations! And she was very patient with me, especially in my unpleasant state. I felt bad and hope she didn't think I wasn't enjoying my food =X I did thoroughly enjoy the leftovers, though!
Came for my favorite meal, brunch. Love the atmosphere. It was winter, so it was too cold to take advantage of the outside patio. Started out with really good bellini's, they went down too easy. I had originally planned to get the Chicken & Waffles, but when I discovered the chicken was roasted and not fried, it threw me off. So I decided to try the shrimp and grits appetizer (wasn't good, it had pimentos in it and they took over the flavor) and I got smoked salmon and bagel. Who gets this at a French bistro? Me. My bad. My friend ordered the sourdough waffles and another ordered the quiche. I was jealous of both. I definitley didn't order the table favorite. Brunch menu was decent, it had a fair amount of selections. My favorite dish there has to be the Ad Hoc chicken, I just wish they would serve this more than twice a year at this location. It's weekly in Beverly Hills, why can't we have it weekly? I like their bar as welll, really good margaritas and I had a delicious drink made with Hangar One Kefir Lime. Can't wait to try the patio when it's warmer.
I've had desserts from Bouchon, but this was my first time dining here. I had a lovely Bellini with ripe raspberry while waiting for our table and we all enjoyed the pastry samples that were put out in the bar area. Needless to say, they were delicious!. . I ordered the cinnamon apple oatmeal and brioche with jam which was outstanding and my boyfriend ordered sourdough waffleswith bananas and walnuts. He loved them! Other dishes at the table included "bread pudding" french toast, yogurt parfait, and pastries; everyone was very happy with their meals.. . All in all, we really enjoyed our brunch.
Great place for brunch! Everything I've eaten here has been good.
I never knew this place was in the Venetian until this past trip when we got to stay here. Now Thomas Keller is famous, I know about his restaurants in the Napa, and I have to stop at one of bakeries whenever I'm in the area (NY & Vegas). But who knew you could dine at a Thomas Keller restaurant for a decent price. Entrees ranged from $9 to $35. We came for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. The wait was about half an hour. It's not a big place and we ended up splitting out group of 25 into three mini groups. So we had a suspicion that we would be charged for water since that's what most fancy places do and we also forget to ask for TAP water. We thought we were ok when it came out in clear unmarked bottles. But in the end the bill charged per bottle for the flat water and the waiters are good about keeping your glasses filled so you can go through bottles pretty quickly. Just an FYI to limit your water intake or hopefully you can ask for tap water. . . As for the food, in addition to the regular menu, they have specials which looked really good. There were red velvet pancakes, rock shrimp eggs benedict and raspberry beignets among other things. Based on yelp, I had the croque madame, which is basically a grilled ham and cheese sandwich with a sunny side egg on top. There was also some white sauce on top as well a huge side of fries. It wasn't my favorite because some parts of the bread were burned and it was too thick for the amount of ham and cheese your given. I left some pieces of bread on my plate. The fries were skinny and a little too salty for me. No matter how many I ate or shared with other people, it didn't look like we even made a dent in it. Such a waste. It's better to share this meal, I think. On the other hand, I think I filled up on the bread and appetizers prior to my meal. We split the foie gras en terrine. Since it's banned in Cali, we had to get it here. I've never had foie gras so this was a treat. I know it's bad for the animal but I found it delicious. It tasted like a rich and super flavorful kind of pate. You eat it with these little strips of toasted bread and it was scrumptious. . . Other things I tried: Complementary bread that they just put on the table. It's shaped like leaves and you can rip it apart. Served with some super delish butter and berry jam. The rillettes aux deux saumons is a fresh and smoked salmon spread that I quite liked on mini toasted pieces of bread. Red velvet pancakes - not as sweet as say red velvet cupcakes but a little dry. The syrup helps and don't forget the vanilla bean butter. I think next time I will try the chicken and waffles though I'd rather have his original fried chicken (this place is grilled). Or something sweet like his sourdough waffles or French toast.
Came here for the highly-recommended Chicken and Waffles, and I have to say it was superb. The chicken is roasted, not fried (as it usually is when it's a chicken and waffles dish), and it's very juicy. As usual, I preferred the dark meat over the white, but you can't go wrong with either here. The chicken is seasoned well, and the skin was delicious (when is it not??). It came with Chasseur (a gravy-like) sauce on the side, which was good, but I didn't think it was needed. . . When I eat chicken and waffles, I typically enjoy the waffle more than the chicken, and it was no different here. At Bouchon, the waffle has bits of bacon and chives in it. And of course it has the crispy, yet light and airy, texture to it. Add to that the Tahitian vanilla bean butter and maple syrup, and you have a winner. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish.. . My wife was debating between the Bouchon French Toast and one of the dishes of the day, which was a Breakfast Tartine (bread, prosciutto, Gruyere cheese, frisee salad, and a sunny side up egg). Let's just say she should have gone w/ the French toast. The prosciutto wasn't salty enough to flavor the entire dish, and the Brioche bread did nothing for us; it was just bland throughout. The couple next to us both ordered this dish, and I wished they would have asked us for our opinion before doing so. Our server did a great job of making this sound good, but it failed to deliver. I'm sure the other dishes here are awesome... just not this particular one. If you find yourself in a similar dilemma, go with the French toast.. . Other than that, service was great, and dining outdoors next to the pool surrounded by the beautiful building that Venetian is made it an enjoyable experience.
Very good food.  Beyond excellent service.  My only complaint was that my Croque Madame was a little overcooked on the outside and I couldn't really taste any cheese on the inside.  Otherwise everyone else in my party raved about their meals and I loved the chocolate mousse dessert I had - It wasn't an actual cup of mousse but like dark chocolate mousse was packed into a loaf pan and sliced into servings.  It was supposed to be orange flavored but all I could taste was chocolate deliciousness.  I was totally fine with that.
This was my second time at this restaurant and the experience again was great!. Good service, original warm ambience and really tasty food!. Prices are ok considering you are in Vegas!!!
I had their Chicken and Sourdough with Chives and Bacon Waffle.  . . Overpriced, but service, ambiance, and food were good.  I could taste the fresh Chives, and the Bacon.  The bacon pieces were not super salty, and were not the fatty part, but more like the center cut.  They served this with maple syrup, vanilla bean butter, and some sauce/gravy (didn't really care for it).  The roasted chicken was already moist and very flavorful by itself.  The skin was very crispy and very good.. . Complimentary epi bread with butter and a berry jam that was not too too sweet.
Came here for brunch, and it was pretty good!  I ordered the croque madame and it was a little bland, but mostly good.  I wish that the flavors stuck out a little, but I still managed to finish the whole thing.  I loved loved loved the french fries that came it.  Delish.  I ate every last one.. . I also ordered the Habiscus and bellini champagne cocktails.  When at brunch... am I right?  I liked the bellini more, but they were both pretty good breakfast drinks. :)
The server was pretty chatty and then would disappear but that is my only complaint.  . . I love the location, the decor of the hotel, the view on the patio, and the food!  I uploaded a picture describing my brunch selection at Bouchon!  How great does Cinnamon Oatmeal with Peach Puree & Raspberries sound?  What about a Turkey Sandwich on Cranberry Wheat Bread with Aioli & Brie?  . . AMAZING! Caution:  HUGE portions for a French bistro!
Great setting, fun energy, prices weren't overly outlandish, good service, food was good. . . We ordered jelly filled beignets which were very tasty. Pecan sticky bun was edible but not my favorite (a little dry). . I had croque Madame which was my favorite dish of the meal. Not too heavy surprisingly and very flavorful. Friends got chicken and waffles which I thought wasn't that great, and another guy got smoked salmon plate which was pretty basic. . . I'd definitely come back if I wanted a non-buffet Vegas brunch.
Came here for breakfast, and was definitely one of the highlights of our Vegas trip. Initially I wasn't actually too excited about visiting the restaurant, but was pleasantly surprised by the food.. My group ordered the Croque Madame ,Oeuf and boudin blanc, and sourdough waffles.  The croque madame is definitely a must try.  It was really good, and it had tons of fries on the side.  The oeuf and boudin blanc was house made except for the eggs, I didn't like it much but my group liked it.  The sourdough waffles were amazing and crunchy and the walnuts and bananas added a nice touch.  . Definitely a good experience and would come back again for the dinner menu. Service was attentive but it wasn't that friendly.
Visited for breakfast on our second day in Las Vegas.  Waited about 20 minutes for a patio seat.  Hubby got the apple french toast and I got a basic breakfast of eggs, toast, sausage and potato croquettes and we both had a bellini.  Everything was good and it was a lovely (albeit pricey) way to start our day in Vegas.  Bill with tip $65.
Food was good, service was good, and wine was good.  Overall, I can say that I was a fan of Bouchon, and will gladly try the restaurant again.  My friend, Mr. Bloewen had the steak and fries.  The fries were the most amazing french fries I had had the pleasure of trying.  His steak looked to be cooked perfectly, and my taste was really good.. . My Booth had the Croque Madam.  For those of you that know Mr. Booth, he is a big chicken guy.  However, he ventured off of the norm, and really enjoyed his french specialty.. . I had the lamb.  The lamb had good flavor, but there were olives that it was served with.  I am not a fan of olives, so it did slightly decrease the experience for me.  Had I liked my dish better, or gotten one of theirs, I would have given Bouchon 5 stars.  It may have been my fault that I didn't read there were olives, but I wish the waiter would have given more suggestions or been more interactive.  He as basically just going through the motions.. . Our desert was OK, but not memorable.  We had some chocolate dessert, and an order of profiteroles.  The profiteroles were good.  Overall, it was a good meal, and I am glad that I finally went.
I can definitely see the hype with this place. . . D'Artagnan, Strawberry drinks were all delicious and well...endowed haha.. . Quiche & chicken/waffles were all delicious as well, no complaints there. Would love to come back if time permits.. . Only complaint is they called our name but we didn't hear it so we waited longer than necessary. Maybe you could have tried again? Or gotten the name right? I take brunch very seriously and you don't want to see me with the hangries!
Very cute almost hidden gem inside Venetian.  Had breakfast there.  I had the French toast bread pudding. Very good, but I have had one better at Julienne's in Los Angeles so it's hard to compare.  The atmosphere is very cozy and good service.
In vegas for a girls weekend - checked out bouchon for our first dinner off the plane.. Great!  the wait staff was knowledgeable and were able to recommend a wine in our price range based on my description rather than a type that was a perfect fit.  Somewhat tucked away and hard to find but worth the search!
So yes this is a fun Dinning Experience for those that want something fresh and tasty... Snails! Bone marrow! Pork Belly! Shrimp rissoto :(    service :). . Go, its worth it!
Excellent food... but for the slow service. . Was excited to try Bouchon as a Thomas Keller fan.  To be upfront, Bouchon is no French Laundry.  The latter blew me away whereas, Bouchon was excellent but unremarkable.  . . I had the chicken and waffles, which were superb and the waffles threw me for a happy loop with the bacon specks cooked in and the flavored butter.  Other folks in our family had rave reviews for the Tartine de Thon, Bouchon French Toast, and trout dish.  Gravlax and Croque de Madame were said to be good.. . Service staff was very nice, though remarkably slow in their execution.. . Couple criticisms: . (1) Service was exceptionally slow!  Ordering took about 25 minutes.  It was about 50 minutes before food was on the table.  And paying was the equivalent of a race with your chunky buddy on your back.  All in all, our dining experience took about 2.5 hours.  . (2) The Bouchon Pastry Basket was grocery store caliber.  Two of the flavors came back as unavailable.  Then, when the platter did arrive, they all had cold centers.  Seriously, for $13 for four pastries, I would expect thorough reheating.. (3) We sat in the back right and with things taking so long,the sun was hitting us hard.  My cousin and I started eating lunch with our sunglasses on.  As the temperature on my phone crossed 90-degrees, I called over the staff and asked to either move or have them pull some kind of shade.  They kindly put an outside umbrella against the window which helped greatly.  They were very kind in responding.  I would have liked it more if they had thought ahead reacted to our discomfort without being asked.  We aren't the only ones who have eaten at the table.. . In sum, excellent food, slow service, nice staff, a few knocks on food preparation, and a some small doubts on quality for the price.
My group and I were highly impressed with this restaurant. The reservation was easy to get; much easier than our reservation for French Laundry which we waited 3 months for which Thomas Keller owns as well. . . We did arrive slightly late (15 minutes or so) and the hostess seemed unaffected. She was able to seat us promptly upon arrival of our group.. . We enjoyed the bread very much and the view was fun! The service was fabulous and so was dinner! The after dinner coffee was also wonderful! . . I was hoping to see the truffles at the end of the meal (like they do at French Laundry) but there were none... Still an amazing meal :)
My favorite place for brunch in Vegas (Haven't been here outside of the morning). . . The food is delicious, and while you're at the Venetian, why eat at the Grand Lux (It's the Cheesecake Factory guys) when you can go to Bouchon for the same price? They've never disappointed me.. . PRO TIP: If you've been up all night and want some grub before crashing, take a dip in the Palazzo garden hot tubs (open at 6:30am) next to the restaurant's outdoor seating.  Bouchon opens at 7am. . . Don't drown.
It was really a 3.5 star experience for me. I am giving it 4 stars because I do want to come back and try other stuff off the menu. . . I got the bone marrow, salade de betteraves and lamb. It was my first time trying bone marrow for me and I really liked it. But my fave of the night was the salad. As for the lamb, it was good too but nothing exceptional. . . For me, I think I had too great of an expectation going in. I have been to plenty of restaurants in Vancouver and they are just as good. . As for the service, we didn't feel neglected but it wasn't spot on.. . But I would definitely would like to give it another chance next time I am in town.
We had breakfast here and really enjoyed it.  Do yourselves a favor and enjoy some pastries!
We returned to Bouchon again this year and I do not regret our lack of creativity. We sat outside this time, and it was gorgeous. I love the Venetian as it is and this pool/patio area is just lovely. The bread and butter--amazing, crusty happiness. I got the chicken with peas and  bechamel. Very moist and flavorful. He got  the gnocchi with spinach and goat cheese; it was good but so rich he couldn't finish it (don't worry I helped). The only complaint I would have was the service. No one cleared our bread plates...ever. Maybe that's policy, but if so, it's a bad policy. We also wanted to order a second round of drinks and the waitress didn't come back to check on us till we were almost done with our entrees. Oh well. It won't stop us from going back the next time we're in town!
I finally had dinner here after staying at the Venetian several times.  My friend and I ordered the escargots a la bourguignonne ($17.50 - red wine braised Burgundy snails w/ garlic butter & Bouchon pastry puff pastry);  petite plateau ($65 - a seafood tower w/ a 1/2 lobster, 8 oysters, 4 shrimp, 4 clams and 8 mussels; gigot d'Agneau ($33.95 - roasted leg of lamb w/ wilted cavolo nero, garden rhubarb, nicoise olives, crispy panisse and lamb jus); and saumon poele ($36.50 - sauteed Scottish salmon ministra w/ manila clams, salsify, oyster mushrooms and young artichokes - not pictured).. . The escargots were the best ones I have ever had.  In most restaurants the garlic and butter overpower the snails.  Not in this case.  The snails were large, uber fresh, super tender and their was just enough sauce to flavor the snails:  5 Stars.  The seafood tower was also excellent.  The seafood was uber fresh and the star of the tower was the oysters and clams.  The brininess of the ocean whereeach oyster came from stood out:  5 Stars.  Our entrees were very good.  The gigot d'Agneau was very well thought out by chef Thomas Keller.  The lamb was medium rare and the combination of sweetness of the cavolo nero (an Italian kale), and the tartness of the olives went well w/ the strong flavor of the lamb.  The crispness of the panisse (a chickpea flourcake) also contrasted nicely.  I did not snap a pic of my friend's salmon but he said it was very good also.. . To accompany the meal we ordered a 1/2 bottle of Louis Jadot Beaune Theurons Pinot Noir ($50).  My friend is a wine connoisseur and he never steers us wrong.  The wine was excellent and the winery is one of the renowned ones in this region in France that produces light, fruity wines that go well w/ meat, seafood and cheese:  5 Stars.. . The only downside to the meal was the service was spotty.  We arrived early and we went to have drinks in the bar.  We didn't see a waiter so I went to the bar.  There were two bartenders and one managerial type.  It took a while for one of the two bartenders to notice me.  In addition, when I asked to charge it to my room, the bartender said I had to fill out some slip - WTF?!?!?!  When I checked in the person said I could use my keycard to pay for meals, et al.  I ended up using my credit card.  Secondarily, when we were seated the hostess tried to put us in a table for two next to a post.  The seat next to the post did not have much hip room.  My friend and I are both 6'2" and 225+.  We asked to be seated at a table for four and the hostess displayed a bit of displeasure.  Come on girl!!!  It was not that busy and we were going to drop $300 - We deserved a large enough table to hold our Petite Plateau!!!  Lastly, the shrimp were not peeled and the lobster was not cracked.  We understood the foregoing because the chef wants to demonstrate the freshness of the seafood.  However, when we mentioned it to the waiter, all he did was apologize vs offering a solution.  I said OK, and ate the lobster head like a "Hombre de Cavernas", much to the chagrin of some clients.  F*ck em!!!  I wanted to get all the meat out:  2 Stars on service.. . The ambiance is excellent.  There is a fresh seafood bar on your left when you walk in.  The bar is also very nice with a large clock in background.  Lastly, the restaurant reminds you of Bistro in Paris:  5 Stars.. . I will definitely come back to Bouchon when I am in Vegas.  I always stay at the V, so Bouchon is easy to find on the 10th floor.
4 1/2 stars. Came in on a Thursday evening without reservations around 8:30pm. Located on the 10th floor this was my first visit to Bouchon Las Vegas.. . I was greeted by my waiter who took my wine order and his assistant brought out . the Epi - branch leafed bread.  The bread was overcooked and some was inedible due to the hardness. I went with the Gigot D'Agneau - Roasted leg of lamb with wilter cavolo nero, garden rubard, nicoise olives, crispy panisse and lamb a jus. The lamb was not gamey and cooked perfectly at medium rare, the rubard was yummy and I enjoyed the panisse. I deliberately ordered only a main entree so I could save room for dessert and went with  the waiter's suggestion Mille-Feuille - Puff pastry, vanilla bavarois and raspberry sorbet. The dessert was off the chart - devine!. . I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here at Bouchon although I feel the Yountville location was slightly better but then again my choices of food were different.
Excellent service, beautiful decorated restaurant. Brunch was fabulous, the crab hash is tasty, raspberry stuffed beIgnets are a must....yummy caviar..da bomb...
Bouchon is more than just breakfast.. . "I'll buy dinner and the wine" says Lucas, my poker bud from France, "as long as it's French" then giggles.. . "Ever heard of Thomas Keller?"  I remark.. . "The dry cleaning guy?"  he quips in his thick French accent, as if the chef of one of the greatest restaurants in the US, the Michelin three star French Laundry, can't compare to the French.. . "Bouchon it is but if you like the food, you pay the check and twice that to me in cold, hard cash".. . "Book it" is the smug reply.. . Truly French, baguette, chewy, expertly baked with a crisp crust.  It's required to carry the delicious "stuff" that is to follow:. . (1) Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard - Velvety smooth with a clean foie taste, balanced saltiness and a kiss of Sauternes sweetness.. . (2) Pate de Champagne; a country style pate akin to a finely ground head cheese.  Delicious tasty bits of this and that.  Perfect with grain mustard and cornichons that elevate it's natural sweetness.. . (3) Rillettes aux Deux Saumons (a combination of fresh and smoked salmon rillettes, prepared in terrine and topped with a layer of clarified butter.  Rich, fatty, salty salmon bits begging to be spread on some crusty bread.. . Finally the must have, Brandade de Morue ala Provencal.  Not the traditional whipped salt cod and olive oil, this interpretation is deep fried into crisp, light balls of goodness.  Incredible.. . A nice selection of creamy goat, sheep, and cows milk cheeses finishes the meal.. . Service is French casual and Vegas friendly.. . Short but very well chosen French / domestic French style wine list.  $100 average bottle price with few selections below $65.. . Oh yeah, "Pay up Frenchie".  He did; in Euros.  Ugh.
I'm not a brunch type of person because I'd rather save my appetite for lunch or dinner. However some of my friends are brunch type people and the last 2 visits to Las Vegas I went here to eat with them. Sometimes I surprise myself for being able to wake up on time for a meal this early in Las Vegas. Might be tricky to find but it's below lobby level of The Venetian.. . The food here is very good, and the selection of different type of brunch food and pastries is big. Both times that I've been here, we had to order the foie gras spread. So delicious! Corned Beef Hash was what I had and the portions are very big. . . Our waitress was friendly and knew the menu very well.
Came here for brunch on a Tuesday and I am glad we did.  Got there and had to wait about 10 mins before we got seated.  The server greeted up promptly.  The service here was fantastic.  Our water is always filled and our server checked on us often.  . . Items we ordered:. . French Toast - This is more like bread pudding.  Its a little on the sweet side, but overall this is pretty good.. . Croque Madame - Pretty good dish.  I actually like this better than the French Toast and the fries it came with was yummy in my tummy as well.. . Will come back there to try their dinner items the next time I visit Vegas.
Went back to have breakfast/lunch on a Wednesday morning with 5 other people.  We entered at around 11 and was seated in 10 mins.  We were hugely disappointed to find out that things were not the same on weekday mornings as they are on the weekends.  First, no complimentary pastries or bread (like was raved about).  Also, no specialty items like chicken and waffles.  Service was ok.  Waiter seemed a tad slow on things.  We ordered the french toast (great as always), the smoked salmon lox, corn beef has, and a few other pastries.. The smoked salmon lox was really good.  You just had to assemble it yourself (cream cheese, onions, tomatoes, etc.).. I thought the best dish was the corn beef hash.  The corn beef was really juicy, meaty, and tender.  Probably one of the best ones that I have tasted. Would definitely order that dish again.. All in all, a good experience, just bummed that we were not able to enjoy the weekend brunch items and experience.
We stayed at the Venetian so Bouchon was just an elevator ride and a short walk away. It was brunch hour and we were able to use a 15% off coupon for their Journee menu. My wife got the Les Oeufs which she got with scrambled oeufs, bacon, brioche toast, and awesome potato croquettes. I got the sourdough waffle with strawberries, pecans, maple syrup, and I ordered a side of bacon (which ended up being like 6 strips.) For dessert we had beignets, which were amazingly prepared... Crisp yet fluffy and served with hazelnut spread and jam.. . All the food was delicious, although a bit on the pricey side for breakfast. We would definitely eat here again.
From the minute we walked in, we were greeted then seated almost immediately. Our waitress was very patient with us while we looked over the French menu trying to decide what we wanted to eat. My wife ordered the shrimp omelet and French toast.  I ordered the smoked turkey club which came with fries. We both liked our food and had no complaints.  The bill was ridiculous to say the least! My wife whipped out a coupon that and they took 10 bucks off the bill.  It was a good experience and we would good to eat there again.
My 2nd Bouchon visit. First was in Yountville, back when Keller was still cooking!. . Came for a light bite dinner, but even ordering off the starter and salad portion of the menu, couldn't finish the food, and felt badly.. since it was all so yummy.. . Well prepared... romantic inside, but music was inappropriate and just way too loud. Ordered some light white wine.. . The dinner was just perfect.... . Pan epis comes to your table without plates, so don't bother asking, as I did. So fresh and crunchy.. . We started with the special chilled cantaloupe melon soup. Nice balance.. sweet, salty, creamy... yum.. . We also got the starter dish of clams with sofrito. Can get salty without any kind of bread to dip and balance it out. . . Then we also splurged for the cold salmon rillettes (remember.. the week we were there, it averaged 117F!!!)... also wonderfullly rich, tasty, and slathered all over fresh crostini. . . What we just couldn't finish was a wonderful watercress and endive salad that had chunks of Roquefort cheese and this great walnut vinaigrette and large toasted half walnuts. Perfect  and light. Full of flavor and service was not pushy.. . We dined in a relaxed space before heading out to the hot Strip to enjoy the night shows on the Boulevard. . . I heard brunch is also otherworldly.. . PS when arriving from Palazzo, 10th floor, Veneta bridge to get there! Restroom is outside the restaurant. Turn right when exiting; they will be on your left.
Not as good as Yountville... But that's me being picky! A must go if you don't travel to NY or Napa and want to try Chef Keller's cuisine.
We came here for Sunday brunch before heading back to LA. The wait was about 45-50 minutes but it seemed to go fast. . . We were started with some bread, plus butter and blueberry jelly. I really liked the blueberry jelly. Perfect sweetness of the natural blueberry flavor. It was delicious with the bread.. . I ordered the corn beef hash with over easy eggs and was able to try the croque madame. The corn beef hash was excellent! I didn't expect the corn beef to be thick diced chunks because I'm so use to the canned corn beef. It was a nice surprise. Cutting up my leaky eggs were a perfect combination with the potatoes making it just soft enough. Not soggy. Great flavors of pepper and a hint of salt. Corn beef had a good coriander taste but not overbearing. Excellent pieces of meat. . . The croque madame was yummy. It was quite filling from one bit. Very generous with the ham. The cheesy sauce drizzled on top put the whole sandwich together. I liked it very much. Bonus, the dish comes with fries. . . Great service.. . -Give it a try!. . p.s. Bouchon restaurant is located on the floors of the Venetian suites. If you can't find it ask so you don't waste your time looking around for it.
Bouchon in LV is great- and a great imitation of the Yountville restaurant.  The food, service, and all details down to the chairs, the trim on the furnishings, wall-coverings etc were precisely the same as Yountville, with the exception of the layout being much larger and on the 10th? floor LOL!  There is a certain charm lost leaving the restaurant into an elevator & then casino vs into a beautiful country vine-yardy area, but do what you can with what you have, I suppose.. . We enjoyed a great meal here on 4th of July, and mashed down on the fried chicken special w/ mac n' cheese, corn, biscuits, and ordered a little seared fois gras on the side (outlawed in CA of course!).  Everything was great, no complaints.  The restaurant was packed, and the mood was jolly.. . I'll surely come back, but the experience is different for me than with the Yountville location.   Whereas I would and have driven over 1.5 hrs for the experience in Napa, the experience is not as net positive for me in LV (although the meal was truly great). In reality, my rating would probably be 5 stars if I didn't compare it against the Napa spot and its unique charm. Some things can't be completely reincarnated in the desert, but they did a pretty good job nonetheless.
MR says ... if this is how I'm going to get my breakfast, I don't mind having this every single day. . MRS says ... first let me get this out of the way. DON'T GET the CORNED BEEF HASH. It wasn't what I expected it to be. Basically, it was more like diced or chopped ham and potatoes. I was hoping the corned beef to be like shredded corned beef like the ones you eat during St. Patrick's day. I was disappointed BUT taste was alright. The over-easy egg helped make it better for me :) . . Do get the CHICKEN & WAFFLE!!! It's the BEST! and that's what they're known for. We had some pastry sampler (croissant, raspberry donuts like munchies, chocolate croissant and a pecan/walnut? type muffin). Good variety selected by our nice server.
Throw your pinkies in the air. You need to have your pinkie in the air no matter what you're doing here, whether it's reading the menu, sipping your coffee, or taking a pee. It's that fanciful. You need to put on some "just came up" rap shit that samples Vivaldi and has delicate piano keys in the background and talks about bands or stacks or racks or birds or what have you denominations of ill begotten money to set the audio landscape that will match the views in the amazing outdoor garden in which you will consume the culinary raison d'etre. . . Oeufs brouilles et boudin en beurre blanc, bitches. Boom. That's scrambled eggs and sausage in country gravy but it's in French so fuck all that Waffle House noise. My bad, I actually love Waffle House, but again, pinkies in the air. Can't see you 'cause the money in the way and it's also this new kind of soundproofed cash being beta tested by the U.S. Mint so I can't hear you either. Fuck all that noise.. . The foie gras terrine? Gangsta. My friend who was there with me commented to our server, "I love this fancy peanut butter." But he said that shit with his pinkie in the air. Real recognize real. It is what it is. Haters to the left.. . The Bloody Mary here is just retarded. I mean that in a colloquial, superlative and complimentary way. The Bloody Mary here is Rain Man. Word.
Came here for a Friday brunch.  Disappointed the chicken and waffles was not on the menu.  But everything was very good.  The chocolate almond croissant was delish, and the corned beef hash and eggs were delicious and filling.  Vanilla latte was merely ok.  Nice classy place; windows face the pool area.. . Not cheap, think our party all paid ~$25 each.
Ordered a chicken sandwich for lunch. Good food and quick service. The ambience is very nice if you choose to sit outside the restaurant.
I had to stop by this amazing place before I left Vegas. I was not in the mood nor was feeling very happy at the moment...since it was my first time in Vegas and I had a little too much fun the night before. . . Anyways long story short, I ordered the chicken and waffles, order of fries, and my boyfriend got a croissant, soup of the day, and we ate. Barely ate but the food was good. Its a shame that we put it to waste. . . I did stop by their bakery, which is weirdly located, like the other yelpers have said, and I got half a dozen croissants to take home to Texas and 6 macarons to boot. I was really excited to try it. But I knew today was not the day, so I froze the macarons as soon as I landed and got back home and the next day enjoyed the sweetness and awesomeness that a macaron should be. . . Definitely try to come here for brunch, not hungover, and stop by their bakery. So yummy!
Beautiful breakfast on a Friday morning.  We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, and first tried to seat us next to a crowded service area, but when I requested a different table the hostess was very accommodating and  seated us in a large booth with a view outside.  I ordered the American breakfast, because I wanted a little bit of everything; eggs, bacon, sausage, brioche, croissant, juice and coffee.  YUM!  Adult daughter ordered the french toast, and it was delicious.  Adult son wanted a sandwich, and on my recommendation ordered the Croque Madame.  I think he got a little more than he bargained for!  The sandwich had white sauce (mornay sauce) poured over it and a fried egg on top.  Considering he is a fast food junky, I was impressed that he ate it all.
My chicken was superb, but our table's steaks were slightly overcooked. Ambiance was great and although service was a bit slow, server was super friendly and helpful. Will return next time I'm in Vegas. Breakfast sounds divine.
We had  lunch/breakfast  here and the food was great.  The croissant was one of the best I ever had and I've had plenty.  The brioche bread with the egg dishes were delicious as well as the corn beef hash and frites.  The only complaint was the hamburger being a little overcooked.  I would definitely eat here again.
Thinking that we (10 of us) would probably need to wait when we arrived at Bouchon on a Friday around 10:30am, we were surprised that we were seated after a short wait of 10 minutes.  The food (a good menu choice) was very good.  Portion was generous.  The pastries were delicious that we bought more in the bakery downstairs on our way out of Venetian.  Price was less than what I had expected for a restaurant like this type.  Forgot what it called on the menu, but there was 1 set breakfast for $22 which included fresh OJ, 2 eggs w/ bacon & sausage and a choice of pastry.  Service was excellent.  Would definitely return next time we visit Vegas.
My love loves this place. We basically come here for brunch every time we come to Vegas. I love their patio, their service, part of their food. I don't like the wait, and the other part of their food.. . First time I came here was over a year ago, I was looking forward to their brunch since my love was telling me how he raved about his dish and how they have chicken and waffles. I admit, I didn't hear a single word except "chicken. and. waffles." Unfortunately, I didn't get to try it. Their chicken and waffles were only on their weekend brunch menu. We went there on a Monday, so I opted for something off of their daily specials. I could not remember what I had there but I remembered what my love had ordered. It was such a plain and simple omelette that I don't remember eating, I don't recall anything. He had this overly sweetened french toast in a cylindrical shape with apples and syrup. He isn't a sweets lover, so it might be reasonable for most. He liked the texture but the sweetness was too overwhelming. . . Few months ago, we went there again, choosing the right day of the week. Dealing with an hour long wait wasn't cool, but for a group of 6 without a reservation, it's reasonable. They had these little pastries in the front for the people waiting for a table and you can always order a mimosa and drink your day away. I am happy to say that I finally ordered their CHICKEN. AND. WAFFLES. served with both gravy and syrup. Chicken wasn't deep fried like southern style, and my waffles had bacon and chives in it. I don't really care for bacon but this darn thing was so delicious, that I had to stuff my face immediately with table manners. For the first time I enjoyed the taste of syrup more than gravy on my chicken and waffle. The sweetness of the syrup was balanced out perfectly with the chicken and waffles. My chicken tasted like honey grilled wings (except it was a chicken leg and a breast) and the bacon and chives made this dish into more of a savory course rather than the confused-wtf-are-you-eating dish. Because my sauces are served separately, I don't need to worry about my waffles turning soggy. The waffles were so plump and fluffy, I was gonna die. . . I fell in love with this dish right there, right then. It will be hard for me to come back here again to try other things. Their daily special almost did it, they had shrimp and grits that day, it was one of my toughest decisions to make in Vegas other than to bet on red or black at the roulette table.
When you can't see much inside a restaurant because of its very dim lighting, then you know you're in for some upscale dining among fine individuals with night vision (read: Predator).. Tucked away in what seemed to be another time zone in the behemoth of a casino, Bouchon indulged me with French fare in an intimate, classy setting.. My party of 3 were seated promptly and we started off with escargot (perfectly buttery and chewy).  . The house bread and PISTACHIOS are bomb diggity.  I love anything bread and butter so I was in heaven. The pistachios were a bonus ;) C'mon, where else can you get pistachios?!  Indeed, I am a sucker for novelty. . I ordered an iced tea and our server brought it out in a carafe, which I thought was and refreshingly...refreshing.  My only gripe with it was that the carafe was not large enough, as I am a bottomless pit for tea.. . I have had their lamb so I tried their steak frites, prepared medium rare.  I forget the cut of the steak but I will say that it was one of the best cooked steaks I've ever had!  The center was pink and juicy (no innuendos here!) and every bite of it left me wanting more!  I didn't care too much for the fries; I wish I had substituted it for  something else. What a waste of fries.... . My only gripe with the establishment would be the cramped seating between tables.  It can get extremely awkward taking my seat, wiggling my rotund derriere in between tables to get to my destination.  Most of the time, the company directly next to me are not within earshot; but, when they are, then I'd find myself biting my tongue, trying not to spew out my vernacular of special four-letter words. . . Our server was superbly nice and accommodating and our waters were always filled to the brim.  I've always had a great experience here.  The wait staff had greeted us on the way in, which set a precedent for great service and food.. Oh, Bouchon, I will be back.
Our steaks were cooked wrong, so the restaurant went out of their way to fix the problem.  Once it was all resolve, the food was good and we'd go back.  Had a great first experience here.
Finally visited Bouchon with friends and even though it is not French Laundry, It is a must try place when you are in Vegas. It is a bit difficult to find but it is well worth the wait.
I came here for brunch and let me just say...THE BEIGNETS. That's all you need, with the nutella and whatever that jelly is they serve with it. It's life changing. I promise.
French toast was very good.  The french fries were good.  The croque madame was justok: the bread seemed dry and lacking.  The ambience was amazing with the Itaian garden/pool area.  The food was perhaps a bit over-priced for what we got.
I went for brunch.  I was really expecting more or exceptional flavors.  I sat at the bar and the service was so so.  I was in and out in 20 minutes so that was good.  I traveled across the strip to try the place out walking away feeling that I wouldn't do it again.  Overall, the food was good and above average.
Bouchon is THE ideal brunch spot after a long night (and/or morning) in Las Vegas. Roll out of bed (or the club) and get yourself over here for some hearty delicious grub! . . Anna R. and I strolled over in the hot sun and arrived around 11 AM. We were told there would be a 25 minute wait. Since we hadn't eaten much the day before, we were practically starving. Luckily they offer seating at the bar, so we gratefully decided to sit there.. . We each ordered a Croque Madame -- Anna highly recommended it and the description on the menu made the dish undeniable. I had no other choice. While we eagerly waited, we each enjoyed a refreshing **Hibiscus Cocktail**. Just the right amount of bubbly and lightly sweet for a morning meal. The candied hibiscus at the bottom of the glass was delicious! . . When the **Croque Madame** finally arrived, I wasn't quite ready for what I saw. Beautiful presentation -- a sunny side egg perfectly placed atop a ham and cheese sandwich with thick bread, accompanied by a huge mound of french fries. As I cut this creation open, I happily observed the cheese oozing out from within the folds of the sandwich. I was also very pleased when the egg yolk started running all over the absorbent bread and the rest of the sandwich. HEAVEN. And those fries are extremely addictive and come in a dangerously generous portion.. . Service at the bar was excellent. The bartenders checked on us frequently and made sure we were taken care of. My only complaint is that it took around 30 minutes to get our food. The restaurant seemed to be understaffed on Labor Day Sunday, as there were several tables available that were not being used. I was surprised that an establishment of this caliber would not be fully staffed for a holiday when lots of hungry folks would be waiting for a table.. . OVERALL: Extremely pleased with the food and service, but I hope they can fully staff all their meals so there aren't such long waits and unallocated tables.. . DATE TIP: This is a super cute breakfast/brunch spot with French decor and a warm vibe. Consider taking your date here in the morning after a fun night!
Had dinner a few nights ago - the wait staff were fantastic, the wine selection was amazing and the cuisine was excellent.  If a place like longman and eagle in Chicago rates one michelin star, surely the michelin reviewers have overlooked Chef Keller's Bouchon in Las Vegas.
Went for brunch on a weekday. I'm definitely a fan of this place. I ordered the croquet madam which is amazing, it is a MUST order if you go for brunch. The fries that come with it are delicious as well and a very generous portion. The reason I am giving this 4 stars is the croquet madam was a 5 but my bf's steak and eggs, I thought only a 3. It definitely could have had more flavor and while it was tasty, left a bit to be desired. Decor and ambiance are great and service was top notch. Would definitely return on our next visit and just order something better for the second option next time.
Came here on a Friday night with the whole fam. We were seated promptly. Impeccable service. Our needs were always met by the staff. We didnt have to ask for water refills as the water goblets were filled at one half full. . . The interiors is very classy and old world Europe. The waiters had a suit on which added to its ambiance. The clientele, however, was a bit too casual for my taste on that particular evening. I was expecting dressy and stuffy. But I got shirts and shorts. But as it is Vegas and summer, I guess I was expecting too much. Some people were dressy so it balanced out my expectation for that evening. . . With Zin in our hands, it was time to finally order. They have a limited but good. menu. Not a lot of variety, but I prefer quality over quantity so I was perfectly fine with the menu. After putting on our order, we had to wait for a long while to get our actual orders.  . . Being a French restaurant and as with everything in France, it took "forever" to get our meal. Although after the first bite, we were all convinced that the food was really good and that it was the right restaurant for the whole family to enjoy on a Friday night on a Vegas weekend getaway.. . Our bill for a family of 8 was $$$ and nearing $$$$. No one paid attention and were all in agreement that it was worth it. . . So I would recommend this restaurant for casual yet elegant dining.
I wasn'table to try a lot because I was allergic to many of the breakfast dishes. But the bread pudding French toast was delicious and everyone else seemed to love their sourdough waffles and Cobb salad. If you have a nut allergy your choices will be limited. Service was exceptional. My Bellini was outstanding and apparently the pastry basket had a strawberry croissant that was to die for. Bouchon lives up to the hype.
A cute brunch spot in the Venetian. It's a little confusing to get to. You have to take the guest elevator up to the guest lobby. We went on a Saturday morning around 11, and waited for about 10 minutes. I loved that they can just text you when your table is ready.  Insider tip: there's a pool with lawn chairs around the corner--great place to relax until your table is ready!. . We ordered the chicken and waffles, croque madame, and a side of bacon. The bacon was super crispy and yummy! I was a little underwhelmed with our two entrees though--they were good, but nothing special in my honest opinion. Especially given how expensive they were and the the hype, I was definitely expecting something more. I was also surprised that the chicken was more of a rotisserie chicken than fried chicken.. . Why 4 stars? You really can't beat the service there.They accidentally gave our croque madame to another table, so had to remake it for us. To compensate, they offered us cocktails--I opted for a almond chocolate croissant instead. When they brought us our croque madame, they told us that they would also take it off our bill given the mess-up. SWEET! I love free stuff! I thought that was super nice of them, especially given they had already given us a free cocktail and a croissant.. . Will I go again next time I'm in vegas? Probably not, but I'm glad I went this time around!
I had to reduce my rating from 5 stars to 4 stars due to the inconsistent service that we had.  On our first visit, we had the nicest server and felt like royalty!  She was kind and had the best service.  We are a group so we asked for separate bills and she gladly separated our bills.  I had the Breakfast Americaine, which came with a pastry which was all delicious.  I got the cheese danish, but I liked the chocolate almond croissant much better (it had almond paste in the middle).  We came back 2 days later for Sunday brunch because we enjoyed our experience so much.  Our server was Amber C, who barely smiled and made us feel like we were bothering her.  When we told her that we wanted separate bills shortly after we received our coffees, she gave us a frown and some attitude at how she has to figure out who's drink is who's.  Wow, sorry for making your life so complicated.  After she processed our bills, she didn't even bother to give the credit cards to the correct person, she simply laid it on the table all in a little pile.  I have never experienced that EVER at any restaurant in my entire life.  I guess we were really bothering her by dining there.  Too bad there is a mandatory 20% gratuity for large groups because she definitely did not deserve it plus she had soured my opinion of Bouchon. If we had another excellent server, I would have made my rating 5 stars for sure.
I'm definitely a fan of Bouchon.  I've been to both this location and the BevHills location, and although I would say I favor the BevHills location this one still does a good job.  I still haven't made it to the one in Yountville yet!  Anyway, I have had both bunch and dinner here, and I have to say they do a great job of fancified French bistro food.  Personally I thinkdinner here is a better value. . . For food, I recommend the steak frites - their fries are delicious (and the steak isn't so bad, either).  This time I for some reason got the vegetable gnocchi, and they were a nice departure - I wasn't looking for something super heavy and it delivered, with lots of fresh veggies and pan seared fluffy gnocchi.  Since it's Vegas, I also got the opportunity to get my foie on.. I got the terrine of foie gras - which I unfortunately was not able to finish (but they packed it up for me for later!).  One of my friends got the pan-seared foie gras which I thought was a better choice flavor-wise.  Anyway, no real complaints for me.. . Service was good - my water glass was never empty and the waitstaff was efficient enough.  Decor is upscale-bistro style, classy but nothing special.  There is a nice hustle and bustle inside the restaurant but you can still talk to your friends, which is nice.. . Bouchon, it's always a pleasure.
It had been a while since we were last at Bouchon so thought it was high time we paid another visit.. . Wait time at 9am was around a quoted 15 min that was really only like 5 min - yay!. . I chose the Bread Pudding French Toast - have to say wasn't a fan.  There was an apple compote aspect to it which I thought had too much liquor.  Threw off the flavor for me but luckily, the Mr agreed to swap dishes w/ me.  Yup, he's a keeper!. . And this was after I talked him into choosing the Sourdough Waffle w/ Vanilla Butter.  It was just as scrumptious as I remembered!  Nice crispy on the outside / soft on the inside waffle paired w/ this wonderfully vanilla-infused butter.  It was heaven!. . He liked the frenchie - me, not so much but we both agreed the waffle was the winner by far. . Washed it all down w/ Bellinis - Champagne & Peach puree - what's not to love?!. . It was a lovely breakfast & fab welcome to our Vegas getaway. . So recommendation for Bouchon is to stick w/ the waffles & everyone'll be happy!
Had breakfast there, the atmosphere was great, ordered the danish assorted bread basket, large portions with excellent taste, and as one lady pointed out "they're to beautiful to eat".
This place was worth the visit. My boss treated 3 of us here, while on business trip earlier this month, and I loved it. The service was great and the waitress very attentive (you get what you pay for). The food was delicious, especially the desserts. We decided to share our dishes and desserts, this way we could all sample the variety. Very nice atmosphere. The tables were not too close. Pretty pricey tho, but I would visit with family & friends.
Went to Bouchon for Brunch. Probably the best brunch in Vegas.. . I had some really killer chicken and waffles. Both were done so well. They also made  pretty outstanding benedict. The price for food of this quality was very good as well. . . I am sure dinner is great  as well. Thomas Keller never really lets you down. His brunch at Bouchon was outstanding.
Not that need too add more too the thousands of reviews on Bouchon. You can never have enough reviews in life. I came here for Brunch with my dad, brother, and sister-in-law. It was the first time for me and my dad. I always wanted too checkout  Bouchon just rarely go high end restaurants much anymore. Special occasion whenever have full family together. This was definitely one of those occasions. Talk about packed for brunch or breakfast/lunch. Still not that bad of wait twenty mins at most.. . We started by sharing Bouchon Pastry Basket. You get too select four different ones or any combination your heart desires. We asked if you could order from the pastry special board for the day. Can do! On this day good thing since half of the pastry list too choose from was out. The ones that we did have was fabulous!! We had regular croissant, almond chocolate croissant, apple cheese danish, and scone. Every one literally tasted fresh out of the oven. The croissants talk about buttery, flaky, moist, and really felt like tasty of Paris in your mouth. Just great way too start off the day fresh pastry and coffee. . . I ordered the Croque Madame. Talk about ham and cheese. The fact using fresh brioche bread added so much more depth then regular bread. Sliced Ham not skimpy at all or the quality of Ham and cheese. More cheese on top with some kind of white cheese sauce. Then ultimate finish sunny side up egg on top. Heavy breakfast packed with all the bad things start the day but SOOO good. Side skinny cut french fries. Too say side more like mound of fries. I was surprised for fancy Thomas Keller restaurant the portion sides be so reasonable.
Last day in Vegas and we wanted a good breakfast. . Ordered side of bacon..this was as tasty crispy addition to my breakfast and they gave a generous portion.. . . Coffee seemed a bit burnt or over roasted.. . . Ordered the ham steak, eggs and potatoes breakfast.. . Was a nice sized portion and perfectly grilled as to not dry it out. Eggs were perfectly cooked sunny side up and the potatoes crispy on the outside fluffy on the inside.. . Will def come back for lunch
what can I say, the food is superb. in addition to the food, the attention the staff shows to each course is surreal. every dish, every drink, new silverware and glasses were brought out. we ordered almost every appetizer on the menu plus main courses. never was dissapointed. the only reason I didnt give 5 stars was because the waiter didnt have the ability to split a check and needed management to do it. bravo to the food
NOTE: This review is for their brunch.. *I've had dinner here with family and extended family visiting from abroad. That was a long time ago, but the dinner was okay and the service was LONG - I'll have to go with people more willing to try bistro food next time.. . *I've also stopped by the original bakery in Yountville to get macarons as well as eaten at THE French Laundry. Check my bookmarks for my TFL review.. ---. . I've had this place on my Vegas foodie radar as it was well known for their brunch menu. No1DP and I wanted to grab brunch nearby before my scheduled pickup to the aiport.. . CONCEPT: Bistro fare from Thomas Keller, known for his restaurants at The French Laundry in Yountville and Per Se in New York.. . VENUE: Located in the Venezia Tower you have to take an elevator from the Venetian to get to a bridge that will take you to the entrance of the restaurant. Though you can look out from the bridge there isn't much of a view of the outside.. . SERVICE: When the No1DP and I arrived at 1:00ish there wasn't much of a wait. Approximate wait was ~25-30 minutes and I gave my phone number to text when our seats were ready. Bar was open seating and we went to actually eat at the bar but 5 minutes later I got a text alert saying our table was ready. . . At the beginning of the meal your server will tell you about the daily specials, but for reference there are blackboards scattered all across the restaurant that lists what those specials are. Service throughout the meal was good.. . FOOD. After your order, you get epi bread along with butter and jam. The epi bread was a bit tough on the outside yet slightly soft on the inside. Butter was very smooth and creamy and was close in composition to the butter I had at The French Laundry. . . As the waiter was reading off the specials the No1DP and I heard about aspecial that caught our eye - the rock shrimp hash. Shrimps came with a poached egg and more importantly the brioche bread that Bouchon is also known for. . -Poached egg was PERFECT. Sauce was creamy but not heavy, the egg is SOFT and yolky but not RUNNY so that your hash won't turn into a total mess.. -Shrimps were soft and flavorful. . -Hash was full of vegetables and little potato. This ended up being one of the lightest hash dishes I've eaten. I really like a hash when it doesn't make me feel too stuffed due to the potato.. -Brioche bread was a bit crispy but it was slightly chewy on the center and buttery, similar to the brioche I've had at The French Laundry (which was the best brioche I've ever had).. . No1DP and I also had freshly squeezed orange juice. The amount of pulp was just right.. . After a sub-par dinner experience I would like to come back here to try more of their brunch dishes, especially the croque madame and chicken and waffles. This is also a must-stop if you are staying at the Venetian or Palazzo.
Had brunch here with the family and loved the service, ambiance and the food plus we had a very knowledgeable server.. . We had:. 1. Breakfast plate with bacon, sausage, eggs, pastry and toast. 2. Croissants. 3. Oatmeal. 4. Coffee, OJ. Everything was delicious and well prepared. My only disappointment was that the croissants were not as good as we hoped. They were good but not amazing and for this type of restaurant we were hoping for better than average.. . Overall would definitely recommend.. . Update 1/22/14: We recently went to Bouchon in Yountville (their flagship) and I found out that in all the other Bouchon locations outside of Napa Valley, the baked goods are made with a machine (hence my disappointment at the croissants). Everything in Yountville is handmade and you can taste the difference.
I really like the atmosphere here...it has large windows and it doesn't feel like other restaurants on the strip. The service was great and all the food was good. While nothing is going to blow your mind it's a great place for brunch. We had:. - Ham and Eggs: the person who had this said it was just ok. - Smoked Salmon plate: I thought everything on this plate was delicious...the smoked salmon was really nice. . - French Toast: this was definitely a dessert rather than a brunch item...waaaay too sweet. . - Quiche Special: this was enjoyed. - Mushroom Crepe special: unfortunately there was not enough mushroom flavor...was just meh. . - Butternut squash soup: this was yummy.. . Coffee and bloody mary's were good (bloody mary needed way more vodka).
ah, Bouchon.  So many people talk about this place but I had never been.  First, it's in a ridiculous location as others have noted.  Everyone else's reviews are very poor in their direction.  I think someone said that it's in the southwest area ofthe Venetian.  Ok. Who the F**k  has a compass in the F**king casino???    It's by the registration lobby.  That simple.  Take the elevators up and you are there.. . There was a small wait for the brunch.  The brunch menu is basically the same as the breakfast (with a few additions).  So. . . .. . Chicken and Waffles.  - Glorious.  The waffles have bits of bacon in them and they are amazing.  The Chicken is roasted and not fried.  I have to think that it is better this way because I can't imagine this dish being beat by any restaurant.  You must get this.. . French Toast - Looks great but it's not that impressive.  You should try something else.  . . Ambiance - I think the restaurant loses a star here.  The decor is dated and the tables too crowded.  There were a couple of single old men sitting by themselves on the small tables and whenever they coughed, I cringed.  Who knows what germs they caught from their respective escorts last night?  . . I still highly recommend, even just for the chicken and waffles.
Two words: EXCELLENT STAFF. I loved how the waiters were so professional and courteous to all of us. They gave great recommendations, joked around with us & made our dinner even more enjoyable than it already was.. . Bouchon is Thomas Keller's hidden gem tucked on the 2nd floor of the Venetian. I highly recommend it to anyone visiting Vegas.. . Came here during a bachelorette party because we wanted to take the bride-to-be somewhere special. So fancy that, we found Thomas Keller's restaurant here :). . As a group, we shared the cheese plate. We weren't the biggest fan of it - maybe because some of us weren't cheese people. It was recommend by the waiter. Well if you are a cheese person, then this is the appetizer plate to get & share!. . I ordered the Poulet Roti. I cannot begin to describe the savoriness of this dish. The chicken was baked soft with a crisp layer of skin covering it. Plus to be covered in that sauce & its juice was just amazing. The pears added a nice sweet touch to the dish and the mustard added a bit of spice flavoring.. . I will definitely be returning back here when I come back to Vegas. Delicious dinner. Great staff. Picturesque decor. Love, love, love!. . Make sure to make a reservation!
Incredible sweets! The main course of Gnocci was toasted and had the seasonings mixed inside the dough.  The beet puree accompanying the gnocci was earthy and delicious! The brussel sprouts with diced apples and brown butter sauce were great too! I couldn't stop eating them! Great place to try in the Palazzo!
Bouchon was a great stop off our flight. Table ordered chicken and bacon-chives waffles, special rock shrimp omelette and croque Madame. Frankly, the croque Madame was good, but doesn't compare to the ones we have had at Birchwood Kitchen in Wicker Park. But I digress. Sharing the optimal way to go here as the waffles are sweet and savory but too much for one person. It's worth going for the bread, butter and jam that comes with the meal. A notch below spectacular overall, but that bread.....
I went to Bouchon with some other friends while in Vegas.  They had made the reservation so I was just tagging along.  The meal was excellent and the service was the same.  Our waiter had worked there for 10 years since the restaurant open.  He new everything about the menu and was very kind.  I had the french onion soup to start.  The process to make the broth for the soup takes several days.  Because of that the richness and depth of flavor is amazing.  My main dish was the scallops over a slaw that had bacon in it.   Great dish as well...but 2 scallops for $34...I can't say I'd do it again.  The drinks were good and usually priced for a more upscale restaurant.  My friends had mussels and oysters to start and they were raving over them.  Good spot to check out when in Vegas.
great place for brunch! they will serve you with complimentary bread for sharing, which is crunchy but yummy. This is served with strawberry jam and butter. We ordered the croque madame and it doesn't taste like the ordinary croque madame we have. It is crunchy like a toast. It tastes great along with the bunch of fries it goes with. Corned beef hash is a must have on your table! It is my personal favorite and I believe my friends' too! The chicken and waffles were so-so. The french toast is more like a bread pudding (apple inside) and it was very refreshing and good!
