Cheap food, drinks, gambling... SCORE!! . . Shots at the bar--$3-4 for Irish car bombs and you can find black jack tables for $5 or so here and you monies will go a long way.  Their steak and eggs at the cafe isn't too shabby either and they have deals that include beer too... . . This time around, my friends and I wanted to kill some time during the day, so we wanted to find a place where we can get cheap drinks and gamble at the low min tables... and this is the spot! Only thing is that drinking too early may not be too good, because then everyone passes out early too!!!!! . . This time around I was able to try their BBQ... even tho it was over an hour wait time, it was definitely worth it and we were able to kill our time at the tables... We had the 1/2 rack or ribs and chicken special and the $2 beers... Our tab for 4 came out to be under $30, which is great for eating out in Vegas and we didn't finish our food...
The Special.. . I could eat this thing every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It's a helluva deal that can't be beat. Unless of course you're at the all-you-can eat buffet from 'Vegas Vacation.'. . Rolls. Salad. Steak. Potato. Greens. Garlic bread. AND. a Beer!. . For seven bucks, you can't go wrong. This has been added to every single future Vegas itinerary. Thank you Las Vegas, only you could feed someone for so little.
Prices for beer went up to $1.75. NO CHILDREN allowed. The fire marshall made them get rid of the charcoal pit on the patio, so the ribs are no longer finished over an open flame. (I'm thinking someone forgot to mail the fire marshall his monthly payoff, but you didn't hear that from me).
I'm a fan!  For about $15-$18 per person for some bbq ribs and chicken with garlic bread, corn on the cob, coleslaw and beans, you can't go wrong!    Let me add a beer added to that price as well!. On our recent trip to Vegas, a friend recommended this place and from the outside you would think, 'ok this place is gonna be a crap hole!'  It's a small place, I will say that, but once you sat down and got your food.  That was it, we were all grubbin and getting our eat on.  The food was great and for the price, even better!   . I'd definitely come here again next time we're in Vegas!
This place seems shady when you first contemplate going into it but it's legit. The BBQ ribs are good here, okay better than good. It is definitely worth the one hour wait. The service is great and the people are nice. You get yours money's worth here. A full rack of ribs for like $12.99 or so with the player's club card.  Or you can opt for the combo where you get half a chicken and half rack of ribs with bread, corn, beans, and coleslaw on the side. Get the original ribs they are tender and great. The smoked ones are more dry and jerky like.. . Overall, I've been here 4 times, maybe more within the past year and each time waited the long wait and each time it was worth it.  Caution: be wise when you gamble while you wait.  Though this casino is small, it has some good food.  We always take people here when we come to Vegas.  It has become one of our regular places.
This review is solely for the karaoke.. . Still being a Vegas newbie I have been finding a lot of places word of mouth.  This is the classic example of that.  Cue scene: Me singing and another venue and making new friends.  We realize that getting on stage again isn't going to happen, and inevitably, someone will say, "Ellis".  With nods, grins, and everyone quietly repeating "Eliis" in approval, I decided to follow everyone over there.. . I loved how small the entire place was.  What I loved even more was the pricing of the beer-- $1.75.  The first time I was there I got the stout.  It was alright.  I'm very stout picky and prefer the imperial variety, but it wasn't bad.  The next time I got the IPA.  I haven't moved on.  It's the one for me.  If you ask for water, it's a bottle for $1.  One night they hassled me about a minimum to use  my card, and every other night it's been fine... so be aware of that.. . The books are huge.  They have ones by song title and ones by artist.  There are also many other songs that aren't in the books, so you can always ask.  Also, everyone is pretty friendly.  You can always strike up a convo with people visiting or the regulars.  My only issue is the queue.  Most nights I have gone tended to be from 30 minutes to 90 minutes to sing.  A lot of times  I've seen people get up 5-6 times while others have gotten up 2 times even though they have songs in... and it's not like the it was a quality of singing issue.  It actually upset some of the patrons so badly that they started complaining to me about it (like I could do anything) then the host.  Maybe the 5-6 time people were big tippers?  Maybe people were getting irritable because they had been there since 10 drinking and it was almost 3?  I'm not entirely sure.  Maybe I'm too easy going to care.. . With all that said, it really is one of the best venues for karaoke.  And as with all music and music venues, you can't really appease everyone.
metro pizza.............. by the slice!!!
There is literally nothing better than a steak dinner special, with beer and tip, that can adequately be paid for with your last $10 bill. True, the green beans were a little rubbery and WAY too buttery, the steak was not bad and the potatoes were alright too.
On the scale from 1-10, 10 being the jankiest of janky casinos, I would say this casino is about a 9. It's dark, dim, smoke-infested, and small in here. If you catch this place in the morning, you'll meet the night crawlers and it's not pretty here at the Ellis Island... . But once you reach the restaurant, you'll literally realize, the grass is always greener on the other side. . . Steak & Eggs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=qcM6QdCRzuf-BDTznRHR2w. $4.99! Uh, what?. The steak was pretty delicious and tenderly cooked to my medium-rare option. Is it odd to say that I'm "an egg person?" I'm pretty much a sucker for anything egg and a fan of the runny yolk, on the top, side, or bottom of my food.  The 'taters were crispy golden brown and tasty. The sourdough bread toast (drenched with buttah) hit the spot.  So seriously.. $4.99?. . I know there are tons of places on/off the strip for cheap steak, but this is by far one of the places I can agree for its mind-blowing value. You can also opt out the egg, for a "steak dinner" - $6.99.. . Oh yes, this place is also a brewery, so our order of house Hef was $2. My mimosa was  $5 and it was kinda huge.. . So.. our 4 steak orders and 2 alcohol drinks under $30?. If you lost your soul in what Jay B calls, "Lost Wages," come here. Your wallet will surely thank you, then give one swift kick to the groin.  . Ellis will save you!
Don't judge a book by it's cover and don't turn up your nose when you walk into this dive of a casino located a 1/4 mile off the strip. The food in the restaurant is really good and it is a great deal. There is reason why people will wait for an hour to be seated. You can look at the other posts to see what you get with the steak special. Everything is tasty and homemade. I will just say this, I paid $15.99 at Outback for a top sirloin that wasn't nearly as good as the $8 Ellis Island steak. If you want ambiance and a romantic atmosphere-go somewhere else. If you are hanging out with your friends or family and want a good meal for a great price, Ellis Island is a sure winner.
I would never walk in here if it wasn't for the steak special. $6.95 for soup or salad, mashed baked or fries potatoes, green beans, a sirloin steak, and a beer! I've never sent a steak back, and I enjoy their stout and amber beers. If it wasn't so smokey I would stay and gamble, but this casino is about the smokiest place in town.
When you think of Vegas, you think of nice hotels, bright lights, good looking people. Ellis Island does not fit into that image of Vegas. It's one of the more ghetto parts of Vegas. People here around 3am are drunk and worn out from drinking/clubbin and aren't looking their best LIKE ME.. . HOWEVER, the restaurant is open 24 hours and has an AMAZING deal.. . 4.99 Steak and Eggs! This is why I come here after fun night of drinking and clubbin.. . 6oz ham steak that hits the spot served with hash browns, eggs, and toast. For this price, you can't complain and it'll satisfy your munchies, especially the drunken munchies.. . Definitely come here for late night cravings, or if you're broke from gambling and need some food to comfort you.
This is totally a local's casino.  But it does get its share of the well-informed out-of-towners, mainly because of the great BBQ and the value for your $ restaurant.. . The casino itself is nothing to rave about it, unless you want to save on cigerettes by inhaling free second hand smoke.  Parking is scarce however, and can be a pain sometimes.. . But the reason why I come to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is for the food.  For the price they charge, it really is a steal.  Of the food available here, the BBQ is definitely the better option.  However, their regular restaurant selections are good as well.. . I still have not been able to try their prime rib, as the last time I visited with my friends, who were in town for CES, the prime ribs were overcooked.  Our waiter told us unless we like prime ribs well done, it was best to try back another time.  So we ordered other stuff, and I think the best is their chicken fried chicken or chicken fried steak.   The portions are largeish.  Theirhouse salad was good too, in a down to earth, diner salad kind of way.\. . Of course the visit was even better since there was hardly any wait at all, considering it usually takes 30 minutes or more, unless you go relatively early.. . Food - 4/5. Price - 5/5. Decor - 3/5. Waitstaff -4.5/5. . And if you like beers, they brew their own!
You can't beat this place for breakfast in Vegas. The $5 steak and eggs is sizable and tasty. There is no fuss over the presentation just good hearty food. Where else in Vegas can you feed 4 grown men for $30!?!
Ribs = amazing. 2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. . . This place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!
I couldn't believe it when I read reviews. $12.99 for prime rib? I've seen these ridiculous deals lit up in lights: "Bill's $4.99 Steak and Egg Breakfast!". I never thought I'd find myself sitting amongst the throng of old people and families waiting to gorge themselves on sub-par quality meat. I was fortunately able to avoid the drunk people at 6:30pm.. . But here I was, #51 at 6:30pm. A 45 minute wait 30 minutes into opening. Ridiculous! . . For $12.99, I ordered a thick piece of prime rib, juicy, tender, and flavorful. While it was no HOPR (house of prime rib in san francisco), it was pretty delicious. Maybe slightly tough in certain areas, but that comes with the territory. It came with a side of pre-packaged rolls, soggy beans and a disgusting baked potato that tasted like it came from a senior citizen home, but I'll just disregard that. . . Note: they do not offer delivery or take out.
I was craving BBQ and decided to give this old casino a shot. After putting my name down on the list, I proceeded to the bar where I was able to drink $1.75 pints of amber ale. The beer was delicious. . . 45 minutes later, I got to beast on the half chicken and half rack of ribs. The chicken was moist, and the meat from the ribs had a great crispy char to it. . . Definitely worth a visit.
First time i saw this place my friends dragged me in to have me try what was said to be the cheapest best steak you can get in Las Vegas. You can read other reviews to get details, but it lives up to its reputation.. . Others rave about the BBQ although I have yet to try. But again, I am all about beer and anywhere you can get tasty locally brewed beers for less the $2, count me in.
I'm a fan.  . . I've stayed all over Vegas, and certainly appreciate the grandeur available.  However, you can't beat the Ellis Island when it comes to bang for your buck.. . Connected to the Super 8, this casino offers cheap drinks, a very good restaurant at a great price, great service and cheap rooms.  You can't really ask for more. . . Plus, it's an easy walk to the Strip and the monorail station at Bally's.
Commenting on the steak and eggs special, Aaron says, "Pretttty gooood".
This place is great. Not fancy. Filled with locals. You can walk to it from the strip. Great prices. The Breakfast Burrito was a 9 on the scale. Chicken Fried Steak was a 9 also. Next time we will do dinner here. . You will not be sorry.
I Had A Great Time, $1.75 22oz Micro Brews, Karaoke Was A Blast, Hole In The Wall And I Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way!
You really can't go wrong with a steak dinner and beer for like 7 bucks. Our taxi ride to this casino from the strip cost more than that! The casino's actually not that far from the strip, but we were tired of walking after a full day of casino touring. We did however end up walking back because catching 2 cabs there is near impossible on a weeknight.. . Wait wasn't too bad, like 20 minutes, and you'll eventually get used to the cloud of smoke that you're breathing in... at least the beer will help wash that down!
My new favorite late night spot.. . I have been here twice. I order the special and another time I had the late night steak& eggs. Both times I order steak and it was pretty good both times. It was cooked the way I wanted it as well.  Yeah the wait staff may be a little slow at times, but the food comes out hot and quick.. . Hand down if you want cheap eat & music (sing a-long) come here and you will find it. . . Also they have karaoke as well, so check that out and you will hear a lot of folks that can't sing but will try when they are drunk as hell.
This review is for the steak and eggs special only.  This is an off-the-menu item.  It is five dollars for steak, eggs, potatos, and toast.  The price alone is unbeatable.  Combine this with the fact that its open super late, and it makes for some dank drunk munchies.  The service was fast and the servers were nice even though it was late into the night.  The steak was cooked how I wanted it, and while you can't expect Lawry's, for the price it is unbeatable.
Great place came down here and got the steak speical. The steak and potato were not seasoned but my wife and I only paid 17 dollars for a meal and two micro brews not bad for 7.99. We will definitely go back sometime just so we will not have to cook.
I had the prime rib and it was pretty good.  It was $13 and it came with a salad and a beer.  They have their own micros and they are decent as well.  I will probably stop by tomorrow and check out their BBQ.
$1.75 locally made microbrews, average pizza in the back (Metro).. I had the BBQ last trip out and it was good and cheap.. . They have a really active karaoke in the evenings, seems like a ton of locals and few tourists.  . . Besides the cheap good beer, this place is real, and in a city where so much is fake, that's refreshing.
Why didn't I come here when I was drunk at 4am and craving a steak and shrimp special in Vegas?!?!?!  Well, after being disappointed that all the steak specials in downtown Vegas end before midnight, I ate some shitty greasy pizza and that did not satisfy my craving for drunken steak. . . So after partying all night, I woke up still craving a steak special and headed on over to Ellis Island! Keep in mind this is slightly off the strip and a dump, so do not by any means expect the flashiness of newer Vegas. . . The $7.99 steak and beer dinner is a secret menu special, which I don't get why but whatever. I don't care much for beer and I had had enough alcohol the night before, so I got a little fancy and went for the $10 steak and shrimp special. My special came with steak, fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a salad. The salad sucked!!! The Italian dressing was really oily and the salad tasted not so fresh. . . My steak and shrimp however were so good!!!! I asked for medium well, and I definitely got it. The mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious and went great with the steak and shrimp. I tried the beer that came with my friend's steak specials, not so impressive, but then again I don't like beer, so don't listen to me lol. One of my friends steaks was not so great, he asked for well and I think got medium, which he was not nuts about. . . I just read there's $10 rib and chicken special!!! That's enough to bring me back!!!  Not gonna lie though, the service is kinda shitty, so I think overall Ellis Island gets 3.5 stars. I agree with all the other reviews that say you should come when you're shitfaced. You won't care as much about the bad service, and your food will probably taste way better.
4 stars, and a solid 4 stars at that.. . First of all, let me tell you if you're looking for foo fancy shmancy eating this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for a budget place where you can get a solid breakfast, lunch, or dinner with tasy food this place is great. They have great breakfast with a steak & eggs combination on the cheap. Also, they have a special for a beer, steak, and fries (or baked potato) that is very tasty for $8. You got that right $8. I know some places in DC where I can even buy a beer for $8. This is where the gambling gods have blessed you with cheap and tasty food all the time. They also have great Microbrews and pizza - this is a mans place.. . I will say that this place is a dump and they definitely could remodel it or possibly keep it cleaner. I'll have to visit this place again and again after going there several times on my last Vegas trip :). . Definitely a great place to check out if you're in Vegas!
EI is supposedly a locals spot and popular among the college crowd for the cheap beer. Well, I've lived in Vegas for 14 years and I went to UNLV for 4, and I just recently visited for the first time. It was for the Food Truck Smashup last month. While the event itself was pretty good, I wasn't impressed with EI. I thought the porter I had was decent, but the hard lemonade was disgusting.. . Luckily, first impressions aren't always all that lasting. I went back with a super Yelp crew for Bobby Y's birthday. We ate at the BBQ restaurant and I am happy to report that it was pretty damn good. Some of us ordered a full rack of ribs while others got half ribs and half chicken.. . Do yourself a favor. Order a full rack of ribs. There's nothing wrong with the chicken, but it pales in comparison to the ribs. I dare say that they are some of the best ribs in Vegas. OK so that's not a difficult thing to do. Outside of Top Notch BBQ, we don't have a lot of good BBQ in Vegas. Why is that?. . Anyway, I'm now a fan of EI. I would most definitely return for another BBQ plate.
I came here for the karaoke. I was not disappointed. Some of the best karaoke singers I've ever heard.
I have only been here for late night dining...like REALLY late...2am or later. I think this is a real gem!! The price for the delicious food is amazing. I have been coming here since 1999 and I always love it. I love ordering the Italian items on the menu. The sauce is always so good...home made for sure and the meatballs are really good. I have heard they have  really good fish and chips too but I have never gotten past ordering the Italian food! I don't know if I would go here for breakfast but it is perfect for late night when you are starving!
This place is more than enough. Treated my friends here after an exhausting trip to wet republic at MGM on a sunday afternoon. We Literally ordered the boogee'st items on the menu just cause we found $300 laying around the pool area at wet republic and why not, it's vegas?. . Place smells like smoke etc, but the food is more than average.
Hubby and I hiked over to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on our first night in Las Vegas...it was well worth the trip. We had a 45min wait before we could get seated so we tried our luck at their slots...I won $90 yeah me!! We both ordered the "off the menu" steak special and it tasted great!! I had a beer with my meal and it was good, my hubby tried the root-beer and said it was yummy too. . . I highly recommend this little hole in the wall place for a good affordable meal in Las Vegas...a couple blocks and a world away from the strip. We will be back on our next trip.
So, this place is definitely a hike from the south side of the Strip, but it was totally worth the trip. They make their own salad dressings, beer, and root beer among other things. The Italian dressing was really tasty. I also had the Ellis chicken with rice and corn, all of which was great! The root beer was ok. the price is the best part - incredibly reasonable! I would definitely come back here again, although perhaps next time by bus.. . The casino itself smells like smoke and the decor is older, but if you're going for new and pretty and you want food of the same caliber, then you're going to pay significantly for it on the Strip. Most of the staff are really nice as well.
Not a bad place for cheap eats, esp since everything else on the strip costs big bucks!. . My hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods.  We brought our 5 month old and they seated us all the way in the back so we couldn't smell the smoke.
$4.99 steak and eggs!!!! Yum yum yum! They give you a huge steak cooked almost to how you like it and though its not the most tender, what do you expect for $4.99? Their eggs are pretty well cooked and they give you two slices of bread cut in half already pre-buttered and with a bowl little packets of strawberry or grape jelly.. . We also ordered a side salad and a bowl of their clam chowder. Damn, there were a lot more clams and much more flavor in their chowder than in lets say... San Franciscos chowder!!! What the heck?? I can't believe I preferred theirs instead of the home of chowder, SF! Even my friend agreed theirs was better. Lots of clams in each spoonful :). The salad was a typical iceberg salad with tomatoes, onions and dressing on the side. Good way to "be healthy".. . Don't expect much for $4.99 but seriously, it's worth way more! :)
If you're looking for a good place to hang out that's not too far from the strip this place is for you. cheap drinks, good food and a lot of karaokeing. They have some very good bbq ribs,some of the best in Vegas, half hour to at least 1 hour wait on most nights. 20 oz microbrewed beer for under $2. Pizza steak and eggs prime rib. The parking garage is small and gets full but there lots of parking around the motel or surrounding casinos just longer walk over.
Cheap good food
Now my review is under different circumstances from others. I  came here with a party of 7 and we were in a RUSH for the Burlesque show at the Flamingo. For example, we decided what to order while we waited for our seats and asked for the check immediately after the last plate landed on  the table. This was a speedy meal. . . I ordered the Steak and Shrimp and it was pretty damn good especially considering the price, which is $12.99 I believe? It came with soup or salad. The ambiance of the place is decent, Ive seen better decor in other restaurants. I came on a Monday and there was only 3 servers. The table next to us dine and ditch and that little fiasco slowed down the service for us.. . All in all, I would love to come back and enjoy a normal meal.. . You should give it a shot!
This place is off the strip, it was about a mile walk from our hotel, but that's okay because it was totally worth it! I want to thank Yelp for finding this gem for us! I was looking for a brewery in Vegas and found Ellis Island. . . I did not go into the cafe, instead my wife and I went directly to the bar where we proceeded to order $1.75 craft beers. That's a damn good price for anywhere, especially Vegas.  Their beers were good, I wouldn't say great, but definitely better than your standard mass produced you find everywhere around Vegas. The bigger plus is that when you are in the casino area and gambling, these are the beers you are comped! So yea, it's not as glitzy as the bigger casino's on the strip, but you get better beer! . . We also had an order of the Bacon Cheddar Sliders. WOW. These were fantastic. They were juicy, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. If you like dry burgers or food that isn't messy, these are not for you. The juices (not grease) dripped off them when we were eating them, so you had to be careful not to get it on your clothes. Other than that, they where fantastic! We gobbled these up and if we had still been hungry, probably would have ordered another round. . . If you like beer, or if you are on a budget or if you just want to step off the strip. I'd highly recommend hitting Ellis Island.
When we were waiting for our car to be brought around, one of those timeshare salesmen came up to us and asked us if we had time for a presentation later that afternoon.  Thankfully, we did not and he asked where we were headed.  We said that we had wanted to grab some breakfast before our family activities and he said, "Forget the buffets, go down the street to Ellis Island!  I swear it's a local favorite and the only place I take my visiting friends and relatives for breakfast." . . So we decided to take this stranger's advice and headed a bit off the Strip to what seemed to be a very depressing, realistic and non-glitzy part of Vegas.  But we braved the smokey filled casino and headed towards the restaurant in the back.  Needless to say, we were pleasantly surprised at the level of friendly service and delicious food.  Steak and eggs for $5?  Surely you jest.  But the steak was made to order, the eggs were tasty... actually, everything was tasty.  We could overhear people in other booths around us saying how this was the only place they ate breakfast whenever they were visiting, or how some were actually locals.  . . So thanks, George, for recommending this place.  We'll hit it up again the next time we're through your part of the world.
Best cheap eats around! Love the $6.99 steak dinner with potato, salad and fresh vegetable. Add in a beer or root beer and you can't beat it. Consistent, clean, friendly and quick! You can even use points! The bbq joint is also excellent, if you don't mind no frills... q served on paper plates with plastic utensils. Always a wait, but again, the quality for the cost is what is the draw. A fun place!
This place is great - it has great food for very reasonable prices.. . The best deals - $4.99 steak and eggs and the $7.99 steak combo (off the menu - you have to ask for it).. . The problem is that the $7.99 deal used to be $5.99 and also you have to wait in line a lot (they don't take reservations).
After many years of traveling to Las Vegas, I finally made it to Ellis Island last month. It's not far from the strip at all. My wife and I decided to stop in for a quick drink before getting ready for dinner. I had the stout and she had the root beer. The stout was ok, it seemed to lack a little depth of flavor but her root beer was tasty. (Incidental, her root beer cost a dollar more than my stout, weird.) We played video poker at the bar and made a few bucks, so they ended up paying for our drinks plus a little. Overall, not a bad place. I do want to go back and try the BBQ there. . . Will I be back. Yes, at some point I will... I just won't be in a rush to get there.
Top sirloin for $7?  With a microbrew beer, mashed potatoes, and green beans?  That's a damn good deal.. . Granted, the beer isn't great, but it is decent.  The green beans aren't the best made, but definitely suffice.  The mashed potatoes aren't spectacular, but they're definitely tasty.  But the steak is well made, juicy, and totally worth it.  Even if it was $10, I'd buy all that.  Next time I hit Vegas and I haven't won a jackpot, I'm going here!
The ribs were GOOD!. . The service wasn't bad but it wasn't great. The menu is simple and I liked that. The house beer was actually pretty tasty for 1.75.. The sides were pretty nasty the baked beans and Cole slaw Yuck.. . And right when I was seated I got bbq sauce on my shirt, which means the table wasn't clean.. . Overall I say: Try it. You'll like it.
About seven dollars for a steak and a beer? Count me in. Steak wasn't the best I've ever had, but for a price like that, I can deal with it. Especially since you also get soup/salad, a dinner roll, and a potato (cooked in any of the usual ways: fried, mashed, baked). . . For you non alcoholic drinkers, their root beer is amazing. As for their beer, it may not be the best beer ever, but it's pretty good - especially since it's so cheap. . . One of the things I like most about this place, is you won't find very many tourists. Hell, if I were a tourist and saw the place - I probably wouldn't want to go in considering how all of the other casinos look. So, this is a great local spot to go to. Especially if you're broke. . . I go there mostly to drink, mainly because I've had some bad experiences in the cafe. I muster enough courage to go back in every now and then, but for the most part - it's all about the gambling and drinking for me.
4 stars for the ribs. So good and cheap. If only the sides were better. Beans were ok. Corn was mushy and bland. Cole slaw was bland and warm. But with so much meat and such a great price, the sides did not matter this time.
THE BEST STEAK AND EGGS IN VEGAS!! only 4.99!! we didnt have to wait to be seated, the server was nice, the food came out quick, hot, and perfectly cooked! the steak was tender and juicy! everything was SO good.
the BEST 3am $4.99 STEAK AND EGGS you can find in vegas!!!... yeah its a little off the strip, but its pretty darn close & it'll be LOADS better than the other drunken steak and eggs out there!. . for around 5 bucks you get a huge steak, eggs, & toast.. i was seriously NOMMING on THE happiest drunkie meal of my life!!. . yeah its no ritzy vegas hotel.. BUT you will not be dissappointed!!.... ALTHOUGH i must say that finding a cab back from ellis island to the strip was a little difficult at this hour!
I am only rating the restaurant/bar section of this casino. Did not have time to do any gambling, but stopped by to catch karaoke. It is located off the strip (Koval Ln runs parallel to Las Vegas blvd) so a little hidden. It is definitely and old dive, which I like. The place is super small so get there early if you want good seats/table.  There are screens everywhere so you can always catch the words of the songs being "performed." Went on  a Friday and the DJ seemed pretty blah, no excitement for performers like I am used to. But the performers added much excitement on their own! Seems like there were tons of regulars/locals so it had a nice friendly feel to it. . The biggest pro- this place is super cheap. Great drinks for low price and little munchies late night. . The biggest con... only con really: Smoke! It is so small and it seems like there is absolutely no ventilation. Most places in Vegas are smoking, but as long as no one is blowing directly in your face, you hardly ever notice. As a smoker, my eyes were burning after being there only about an hour.  So, if you are a heavy smoker, this place will do just fine.
Taxi cab driver and pool trainer @ Hotel strongly recommended Ellis restaurant for breakfast.. . Tried the 4.99 steak and eggs. Incredible! You get two eggs, home style potatoes, toast, and a big steak. All of the above? Yummy. . Now that I have found this hidden gem, it will have to be a regular stop for breakfast every time I am in town.. . You could go else where...but why would you want to pay double? Service is good and ambiance was nice.
This review is for the casino and the restaurant.  If you're not interested in the false pretenses all the other strip casinos subscribe to run here.  My wife and I enjoyed the steak special (off menu 12oz sirloin for $7.99), great value!  We played roulette and blackjack before and after and enjoyed ourselves; low minimums, and a good environment to gamble in if you don't need overpriced chandeliers and dancing waters.. This will be included in my must visit list for future Vegas trips.
No menus, just BBQ chicken or ribs....and that's enough! Great food! I fed a party of 7 with drinks for $112. We had to wait an hour for a table, but it was worth every minute!!
Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast for only $3.99?! Wow, that's a deal! I had ordered it with extra crispy bacon on the side.. . One of the downside...my hubby ordered Greek Omelette but asked for Egg Beaters...they don't have it, they only have egg whites.  Why don't have it? Apparently they don't stock those, ONLY egg whites.
First, the whole place was smoky, and there is a waiting list to get into the restaurant, which leaves you in the smokier casino section or lounge. . . The food was very reasonably priced and well prepared. I had the wild Alaskan salmon which I was happy to see on the menu (most restaurants use cheaper and less healthful farmed Atlantic salmon), I wanted it to be left a tiny bit rare in the center, which they almost accomplished, that's ok though it was good, and salmon can be difficult to get perfect. My wife had a burger, requested it as rare as they would make it, and they accomodated by bringing her a rare burger. This surprised me. I don't do rare ground meats unless I am certain about the source, but that is my wife's preference, she said it was good, but a bit bland. I think I have spoiled her by feeding her only grass-fed beef or game meat burgers at home.. . As for the house brews, I tried the amber (or 3 or 4) as that sounded like the most flavorful offering available at the time. It was a good amber with a hint of hoppiness, I would have loved to have had something with more hops but was satisfied, especially at the super low price for a decent pint of beer. I think it was $2 or less. My wife tried the homemade Root Beer, and said it was great. I had a taste and it tasted like a pretty good sweet root beer.. . By the time we finished dinner the karaoke lounge was packed, we sat in the smoke and looke at the songbooks for a little while. I love a good karaoke spot, this place has good music choices, but unless you already smoke like 2 packs a day, the thick smoke in the air is going to kill your throat before you get a chance to sing. The regular older elvis guy was kinda funny. The other thing I would change if the ventalation could be addressed, is the sound system volume. It seems it was tuned up for those already hearing impaired or looking to become such, my ears were ringing after about 20 minutes. Perhaps if we got there earlier we could have found a spot near the air inlet and a little farther away from the speakers and got a song or two in before we left. Will try again next trip.
This place is the BEES-KNEES. Seriously, for 7 dollars we got bread, beer, a side (salad or soup), steak, side of mash potatoes with string beans. That's definitely cheaper than any diluted cocktail you will get at any Vegas club. . (the steak special is not quite on the menu but just ask and order it anyways). . . Root beer, YUM. . . Cons: they tend to overcook the meat. Medium rare was closer to medium. So maybe emphasizing towards the rarer side, just to be safe. . . Quick service. . . Great place when you have mad drunk cravings. It hits the spot and doesn't put a dent in your wallet.
We have been coming here for 10 years. It is the first place we go once we arrive in wonderful Las Vegas. We usually eat breakfast and have a lunch here when we are in town. My wife will some times get the steak and eggs for $4.99. This trip I had the Grilled Italian sausage and eggs for $6.99 one day and Buttermilk pancakes (3) the next day for $3.99. My wife had the breakfast burrito for $7.99.  For lunch  I tried the  Italian sausage Pazone.  I felt there was a few pieces of sausage and it was to wet.  Also, it was cut in 1/4s, and was difficult to hold. I would not order that again. All in all, still our favorite place in Las Vegas. . . Just a note. When we go here, we try to get seated on the side closest to the bar, the left side. For some unknown reason, our food seems to be prepared the way we ordered. I don't know!
I was lured in by the cheap dinner special.. Like everyone has said before  me $6.99 steak, potato, greens, salad or soup and beer.. And have yet to leave!. . I usually go back to Ellis for their chicken fried chicken.... It is not too greasy but it is  crispy, moist and huge with a side of mashed potatos and veggies ...As a kicker they cover it with some special gravy ( it's very rich and creamy). This also comes with a soup or salad for only $7.99. . There is a huge selection of food for everyone here... It's worth the wait and cheap enough to check it out at least once. It's not a first class dinning establishment but this place is definitely quirky and old!. . The service here is hit or miss... Usually miss! Sometimes they will serve warm sourdough bread and butter sometimes they won't .. Most times they won't refill our glasses or bring napkins, wont bring boxes or bags for the leftovers, wont ask if we want dessert.... But hey I'm paying so I keep asking!. . As far as the casino goes... The place is small and pretty chill... My dad won $500 bucks on slots the first time I took him ... So he was happy and asking to go back. Also since this place is kinda small you can easily spot and flag down the cocktail waitress.... People do some in this place but since there is no carpet, it doesn't stink too bad. Bathrooms are old and beat up but clean.. Also parking doesn't suck... It's not too far of a walk regardless of where u park.. . I do want to go back and try the BBQ restaurant there.... I was it finger licking good and very affordable.
You'll not see anyone famous.. . I'm tempted to give Ellis Island 5 stars for value alone. However to be honest the food is only average at best, maybe 3 stars. However the great prices make up for a lot. You can get a steak that actually good about 50% of the time, the other 50% of the time its chain (Ponderosa) steak house quality. Included is potato, toast, salad and beer for less than $10. . . An even better deal during NFL games - 2 small but tasty tacos, jumbo hotdog or an order of 5 wings for $1 each. Even better a choice of 5 in-house brewed beers, 20 oz.., all very for $1, all are very good. Throw in NFL Sunday ticket and it's hard to beat.. . Decor nothing special, a little run down. . . Ellis Island takes you back 20 years when you could eat and drink cheap.
They have really good ribs in the BBQ restaurant! My family ordered full slabs of ribs and they ate every bite. I can't eat like that and had to take some home. They did, however, change the age to 21+ and I was VERY disappointed because at the time, I was 20. We were going to take my dad there for dinner and as we were approaching, there was a sign slapped on the front of their podium letting the public know no one under the age of 21 was allowed inside. So much for the birthday dinner! So we settled for the restaurant and we will never do that again. Bleh! When I was finally of age to eat there, the manager let us try the root beer while we waited and I think he even set our table up, because we did not wait as long as some of the people who were waiting before us. We had a nice waiter who always checked in to make sure everything was going well and our glasses were never empty. Satisfied? I think yes.. . The food is good here, but if you plan on taking the kiddos, think again.
Go in and ask for the Steak Special.  Its not on the menu.  $7.99 gets you a nice sirloin  steak, potato, green beans, salad, and whats better to top it off - a 24 house beer or rootbeer.. . Its a bit of a dive, but soooo worth the price.. . If you're a fan of barbeque arrive at 3-3:30 to get your name on the list.  BBQ starts at 4 and is packed out.
How thee I heart the Ellis Island.... Let's see... . This is where Las Vegas' locals are hanging out. You will see characters here. This is also where I won money on the Sex & The City slot machine (This machine hates me at every other casinos in Vegas). . . My only complain was that is so smokey in there. Smokes get literally in my eyes. On the up side, their cafe serves really good food. This is where you can get the $6.95 steak special (steak, potato, and salad) but you have to ask for the special. I didn't get the steak, after days in Vegas of nothing but heavy food, I decided that I was in the mood for soup and salad. . . Their soup was Split Peas soup and it was amazing. I didn't sugar coat this fact, but their split pea was delicious. The salad was fresh and I was a happy diner. Service was outstanding. . . I love this casino. It's older, smaller, smoki-er, and you can see this is what Vegas is all about. Gambling, drinking, and good food. Viva Ellis Island!
This is a local joint.  I've been there twice, and each time the wait for the ribs in the place was a hour long.  This is in part because, hell, this place is cheap and good and in part because they have like, 10 seats.  Which is all good,  because I can sit my but down and play $5 blackjack with Buddy (the dealer) and my other buddies.   (I actually made more money here in two visits than I've made at any other tables in Vegas, but that's a different review).    . . The rib/chicken place is simplicity.  You got three choices, full rack, 1/2 chicken or 1/2 rack and 1/4 chicken.  BBQ sauce is sweet (like I like it) and the chicken and ribs fall off the bones.  For the $15 bucks (in Vegas, BABY), this is the best deal we had in our last two visits.  The corn on the cob was horendous, but, hey, it's about the MEAT, right?  Reviews which look to be all four or five stars.  . . Can't say anything about the regular restaurant; although I hear it is the place that cabbies go when at break/after shifts.  A good sign for decent cheap eats.  . . Bads are only the corn (yuck, but out of season) and, like everywhere else in Vegas, the smokers abound.  Although not so much, it seems, this last visit.  . . If you've lost all your money or looking for a cheap, simple, good meal -- go here one of your visits.  No glamor... straight up cards... Karaoke with the locals (interesting doesn't begin to describe it) and excellent BBQ.
Where else can you get a cheap meal for 2 for under $20 in Vegas a block behind Planet Hollywood?  ELLIS ISLAND I say!  I love love this place. This is my go-to in Vegas win or lose.  But it feels better if you're down and you hardly have enough $$$ for the expensive ass buffets on the strip.. . This past weekend my S.O. and I were there.  We waited close to an hour for a table.  If you're impatient like me play the penny machines while you wait.  We were finally seated and she orders the $9.99 steak & eggs and I order the $7.99 chicken fried steak and eggs.  They don't serve the cheap special steak & eggs after 1 PM.  But it's still a good deal and it's so worth it if you're hung over and need something greasy in your stomach.  Be sure to blow on your food.  My chicken fried steak was so hot, I got 3rd degree burns on the roof of my mouth.  Maybe I was hungry like a mo fo.  Be sure to order everything up front because they can be very busy on the weekends and your waiter can disappear.  The only down-side is the wait.  But, if you have 1 1/2 hours to kill in Vegas during the day and don't want to burn a hole through your pocket (if you haven't already) this is the spot!
I was rather impressed with this casino / bar / restaurant / karaoke spot. Going in, I expected a total dive, but this place is all nice and polished (for the most part). And talk about deals. During football games, it feels like everything is a $1 (beer and food). And the karaoke is awesome. Good set-up and good host.
Everything we had was yummy and super cheap. As far as good eats and cheap prices, this place is great. Plus, their players card gets you $10 free play. It was a surprisingly good time.
King Prime Rib is all I come to eat here :) For $12.99 I think it's a great deal as it comes with a soup or salad and also beer or root beer of your choosing. You can opt for mash potato's, baked potato, fries, and it comes with green beans. I always get the mash and the reason why is because it's a cheesy mash potato with gravy and it's smooth and buttery. The prime rib in itself I always get medium rare and you get a slab. I wouldn't compare it to Lawry's type of prime rib where the whole meat is juicy. This while tasteful you can tell the quality isn't the same. It's still good eats however being hungover.. . Downside - No Taxi's from this place. You'll have to walk to a bigger casino to get one.
$4.99 steak and 2 eggs, hashbrown and two slices of toast.  Are you outta your mind?. . Every time we came to Vegas and asked cabbies where to eat steak and eggs, this was where they told us locals came to eat cheap steak and eggs, so we finally came.  The eggs were cooked as we asked and though the steak was a little more than the medium rare, it was still good enough.  . . The wait staff is courteous.  The wait can get long, but definitely try their home brewed root beer.
When I lived in Vegas, this place was always a stop when we went to the strip. . . They have their own microbrewery with cheap pints. The karaoke* is almost all locals/ regulars, and most of them can really sing. The vibe is old -fashioned and laid back. A great place to start or end the night. . . *Recently, however, the secret got out to the undergrads at UNLV, and the gaggle of annoying sorority girls screaching "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" into the mic and giggling incessantly has put a damper on the vibe. The old MC used to regulate pretty strictly, but th elast time I was there, some new guy was running the show and letting the sorority girls ruin everything. Even though it is not as good as it once was, it is still worth it.
Steak and eggs are great !!!
$4.99 steak and eggs from midnight to 6am, what a deal!  They also brew their own root beer and it is a treat to have =). . The steak and eggs consists of a ny strip, 2 eggs cooked to order, fried country potatoes, and toast.  Apparently, they don't advertise this deal anymore, you have to ask the server about it.  I think the food might be better when there's less people, probably less rushed with the food orders.. . For $5, the steak and egg combo really hit the spot.  The char on the steak was divine and the potatoes were nice and crisp.  For $4 you can get biscuits and gravy with eggs and a choice of sausage or bacon.  I thought their country gravy was pretty tasty last time I had it.. . This is definitely the place to go for a late night snack to sober up.  Don't expect miracles to happen for $5 but do enjoy the cheap prices and rootbeer =d
$4.99 Steak and Eggs... that's all I gotta say.. . -Steak. -2 Eggs. -Toast. -Potatoes. -Awful Kareoking next door. . Not Bad.
unadvertised special: $7.99 steak special comes with choice of beer or rootbeer :D. . need i say more?
YOU NEED to check out their Ribs & BBQ restaurant here. It's hella yummy & delicious !! The staff is really nice too (don't know if it was because we were Asian too).. . We stumbled upon this place when we were lookingfor their prime ribs eatery but we were in a hurry so we decided to just eat here. Boy did we make a good decision !!. . The prices here are sooooo inexpensive especially for RIBS in VEGAS !! $14 for a full rack? Hellooooo sweet deal !!. . Btw, this restaurant is strictly 21+ and YES they check almost everyone's ID !! We got away with a 18 year old in our group. Shhhh don't tell them !!. . This eatery is small....literally bout 15 tables? We had to wait for like 10 minutes which wasn't so bad. Upon seating, we ALL ordered either the half rack for $9 or the full for $14. I was SUPER starving so I got the full rack.. . OMG THE RIBS ARE SO FREAKIN DELICIOUS !! The meat was tender and juicy with the bbq sauce oozing out. yummmm !! The ribs came with corn, bean soup, and coleslaw. ALL FOR $14??? WOW sucha good deal !!. . Ok ok I must admit we got some favoritism from the staff since we had Filipino friends in our group, and the staff was Filipino too. BUT I did notice they were very nice & accommodating with ALL the guests. We just got something extra special. =P. . For the superb price & high quality of the meat, this place is a bang for your fuck. Oops I mean buck. So come here & be prepare to feast on one of the best ribs you'll ever eat. =)
This isnt the most glamorous spot to eat and gamble but I have to tell you the dealers here really made my night enjoyable and to top it all off the prime rib dinner was pretty tasty.
Cheap drinks, cheap eats...can't beat that when you're near the Strip. Yes service may be slow at times but hey what do you expect when you're ordering a $7.99 steak dinner? BTW the steak dinner isn't on the menu, just ask for it. Yet the staff is always great plus that free brewed beer or root beer is a steal. Now I prefer the prime rib over the steak. The meat is tender and the au jus is quite tasty. By the time, you get your meal, you'll be full off bread and salad/soup and beer. Really for the price you pay, you really can't complain...after all it is Vegas!
I have to start by saying:  I love a good dive bar, and this is a dive casino!. The beer is VERY inexpensive and delicious, they make it onsite.. The food at the cafe is great and inexpensive!  The sevice is not top teir but what can you expect at those prices - not a fine dining experience but worth a try!. . I will say that because it is an older and smaller casino the smoke is a little bothersome.  I dont smoke or like cigarette smoke so it got to me a little, just a heads up.. . Parking is easy - gambling is cheap . . Overall a fun MUST TRY!
So we were on the hunt for Karaoke on a Weds Night and we found ourselves Ellis Island.  . . When we first walked in, you could tell that this was not your normal strip casino...it was definitely a local divey place.  I'm sure a bunch of girls all blinged out in club gear was entertaining for the people in here.  Hell the 2 Elvis' were so nice to us!. . The Karaoke stage was very small, but it was just enough for us to get up there and belt out whatever we felt like singing. The song selection was a bit rough..they are listed by song title and not by artists.  So unless you knew what song you REALLY wanted to sing, you might have a hard time finding it. . . For a Weds night, it was pretty packed.  There was quite the queue for getting up on stage for a song. It was quite the crowd of both older and younger people.  They look mostly local.  . . Don't even think about starting fights or getting roudy in here...they have good security.  we had first hand experience :). . Will have to come back and actually try the beer....I had no idea that this was a brewery!
I've driven up and down Koval too many times to count as well as being completely oblivious to anything located on that street unless it was an intersection to turn to get to the Strip.  Little did the s/o and I know that there's a little hidden gem of a dive where they allegedly serve up some good Prime Rib, so we just had to make a stop.. . We had dinner at their Cafe this past Tuesday night and fast forwarding through the 30-minute wait, we figured that had a to be a good sign, for a little dive casino off the Strip.  We get seated and man, it felt like I was in a bad dream; sitting in a semi-dimly lit restaurant, with a little cigarette smoke lingering in the air and decor that matched that of Mike & Carol Brady's vacation home, if they ever had one.  Not to mention, the most horrible Karaoke singers I've ever heard.  It was quite entertaining, especially for the setting but there were times, it felt like we were on some hidden camera show.. . Without hesitation, we both were going to order their King Cut Prime Rib dinner, which came with a salad, veggies and choice of Potato, as well as Root Beer or their house Beer.  When our server took our drink order, I ordered a Coke.  Apparently, when it came time to order, I wasn't able to sub my Coke for the Root Beer it came with, not sure why, my Coke was technically a penny cheaper.  But whatever, I took the Root Beer anyhow...and took the cost of my Coke from our server's tip.  Speaking of which, yeah, our server and the restaurant staff was so jaded.  Service with a smile goes a long way...and so will your tip, so turn that frown upside down, ladies and gentlemen.. . We didn't have high expectations for the Prime Rib, being that was ultra cheap at $13 a pop.  When our food came out, I didn't care much for the presentation, as it was quite sloppy.  The au jus spilled onto the plate, the sour cream was served it's own individual packet that you had to rip open, the horseradish was in it's own indivdiual plastic cup.  But, when all was said and done, I took a bite into the Prime Rib; first bite was good, figured it was the outside because of the seasoning so I started going towards the middle.  Second, third, fourth and so on...I finished that slab of King Cut without hesitation.  I was so impressed, not that I finished it but, it was a delicious cut of Prime Rib that'd make the bigger, bling casinos on the Strip bow their head in shame.  Shoot, I bowed my head in shame for discrediting this spot!. . Overall, we'd totally come back to Ellis Island for their Prime Rib again!!!
I discovered this place on yelp.  My roommate and I were in Vegas for his birthday and we were starving when we finally made it to town and checked into our hotel.  This place had a really high rating, so we decided to try it out.  First, it is extremely important that you DO NOT WALK here.  Not because it is in a scary area or anything, but the fact that distance in Vegas is deceiving and it is really, really far from everywhere.  . . The tiny casino with a restaurant is connected to the Super 8 Motel.  I'll say right off the bat that I give 5 stars for the restaurant.  Three stars for the casino.  The restaurant had almost an hour wait so we first went to the casino.  All the tables were $15 or $20 and the cocktail waitress we had was rude.  We got tired of giving our money to the slot machine so we wandered over to the bar.  The restaurant has about 10 tables but the bar is open right next to it and had plenty of seating.  The bar serves different food, so that is one option if you don't want to wait for dinner.. . Now here is the kicker.  Ellis Island is a microbrewery and they brew 5 types of beer ranging from blonde to stout. I had the stout, which I expected to be think like Guinness, but instead was a really dark, super delicious beer.  Here's the best part: 20oz glass for $1.75! That's right folks. The best beer I have ever had in my life for less than 2 bucks. Once we got called for dinner the food there was pretty good, but that could have been because I was drunk from the cheap beers.  Smoking allowed in the bar, but not in the restaurant.  . . On my next visit to Sin City, this will be my first stop.
Not much ambiance but the food is good and the microbrewed beer and root beer are outstanding!. . There may be a long wait on weekends, holidays and special occasions so get ready. The place is old and has a poor ventilation system but again, the food is A+  The prime rib is tender, the shrimp is tasty, the Italian chicken is great and the bar is fun when they have karaoke.  . . We go here every Vegas trip!
$5 steak and egg special deal throughout the entire day. According to their specials on their chalkboard that is... . Great amount of portion per plate.. Steak comes with toast, two eggs and potato squares or whatever you want to call them.. . Service can lack a bit here... . takes awhile for the food to come out. . . Overall, friendly staff.
Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this tiny casino and brewery right behind where I stayed at Bally's for CES. For the week I stayed in Vegas, I came here twice. This is saying alot since there are so many restaurant options to choose from on the Strip. Here, the prime rib is a must try. I order it rare and mooing. It came out tender and very flavorful. All their entree comes with a soup or salad. I opted for their salad with house Italian dressing. Their Italian dressing is one of the best I've tasted. I wanted to drink it like a shot with what I had left after finishing my salad but decided against it. The second time I came, I had the surf and turf, which was an 8 oz. sirloin with butterfly battered shrimp. Very tasty. . . Now the service is not the most friendly here and keep in mind there is a strict rule that they do not allow separation of the bill. We wanted to separate our bills but they said NO EXCEPTIONS! If you do want separate bills, I'd suggest to go as party of one and request to be seated next to your friends. This is a loop-hole that I thought might work. Maybe...maybe not. . . I only had their stout and it held it's own and was pretty good. . . If you want great food at great prices, don't care too much about the service, this is a place to go for a great dinner without all the extra fluff from Vegas.
Came for their prime rib after a night of partying at Marquee, but they were all out and weren't making anymore until lunch time.  I guess prime rib isn't in high demand at 4am?. . A seemingly hopeless situation was salvaged by their $4.99 Steak & Eggs.  Yup.  For less than one hand of Black Jack, you can get a thin but juicy piece of steak (best rare or medium rare), two eggs your way, hash browns and toast.  It's delicious and you don't even have to be drinking to think so!  Service was quick and our waiter was friendly and joked around with us.. . Never going to Denny's again.
Mmm ribs are the best I've tried by far! they cook them fresh with their outdoor grill. I suggest you call ahead to make sure what time theyre serving bbq.  we had to get a # at the restaurant side and wait. Bbq food starts at 4p.m. On the tuesday I was there. Simple menu. Just bbq ribs and chicken. I had the combo. Chicken was ok, but the ribs are soooooo good. My boyfriend had a full rack and shockingly killed it! It was that good.definitely better than lucilles. All food comes with corn, bread, bbq beans, and cole slaw. Portions are gigantic! Our bill was about 28 pretty cheap! Service that day was great.
Beers are great for $1.75! No way near compares to micros from the northwest, but where else can you get a micro at this price??. . Servers are very friendly and the blackjack at the bar was fair. I played my free $5 that I got for signing up for the players club for about an hour until I lost it all. Most places have odds that ripe that money right out of your hands before you can even say hit me!. . The food was great! Especially the prices! $12 prime rib dinner is an amazing deal.. . We had the best time at their karaoke bar. It's small and pretty packed so it forces you to make friends with your neighbors. It was mostly the same 6 or 7 people singing and they were all very good! I usually hate listening to karaoke but I was amazed by some of the voices here.. .  I've been wanting to check this place out for a long time because I've read a lot of great reviews about it on Yelp! When I found out I could get a hook up at Super 8 I was so stoked because I knew it would be so easy to come here. (right next door). . So if you looking to do Vegas on a serious budget get a room at Super 8 and hang out at Ellis!. . My one gripe though is the smoking in here. Seems like there is not ventilation. So just a fair warning: you WILL smell like a chain smoker when you leave here.
Cheap Beer & Cheap Steak and Eggs & Great Customer service, don't judge a book by its cover.. . First off I'm hard to please when it comes to steak and eggs grave yard specials. Its pretty much a Vegas night out tradition for Vegans to go out & party it up and grab steak and eggs after. Like I said I'm hard to please, even at 3 in the morning with my steak and eggs but Ellis Island didn't disappoint. Every steak and eggs place I go to serves a steak, 2 eggs, some toast, and hash browns... ew. I'm not much of a fried food person. So I always ask for mashed potatoes, usually I get a no or my waiter gives me a hard time for switching out my hash browns for mash potatoes. Either telling me they have to charge me extra or just a flat out no. BUT at Ellis island my waiter started to say no but they said "he'll see what he could do" Which I thought was super nice because I later found out they don't make mashed potatoes at 3am LOL
When for breakfast and it was great!!  Prices was about 13.00 for the both of us.   Server was very  nice.  Go enjoy the food
Saw this on yelp and figured to try it out. . . Ordered the 11 dollar steak and eggs. Steak was the right portion, but they didn't have their homemade rootbeer that day :(. Most of my friends enjoyed what they ordered too, and it's right behind planet hollywood.
Dear Ellis Island,. . Your secret menu (which has now been raised by an entire dollar) of $7.99 steaks has kept me captivated for as long as I can remember entertaining myself in Vegas.  When my friends and I left TAO and got back to our hotel at 2AM... only to pass out and be woken up an hour later for talks of the munchies, we knew there was only one place to go, and it was you.. . With that said, I like to issue my deepest apologies to that amazingly patient and kind gentlemen of a server that allowed me to make a fool of myself on the table.  I knew from the moment that soup came out to accompany my post-midnight steak deal that I had taken too many AMFs earlier.. . Thank you for bringing out those piles and piles of napkins for me, and that extra glass of water to help me in my drunken state.  Thank you for being so awesome and making sure that I was not going to die in your restaurant.  I'm sure you've seen it day  and night, but let me tell you, I appreciated it.. . Thank you for also bringing out my pint of beer anyways.  You knew that I'd still be down to drink it even after making a mess of myself.  And of course, thank you to my fellow friends and Yelp buddies for ensuring that we still had a good time.. . I always loved your steak deal.  And I'm sure the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be coming back sometime past 3 in the morning just to get it.  Cause really- that's the best time to.  Hopefully next time I will be sober enough to actually take a bite out of that steak.. . But I had it in the morning, and let me tell you, it was still good!. . Love,. Andy
My friends and I had the Cowboy dinner. It isn't on the menu. Just ask for it. This deal is the best one in Vegas as far as food goes. The Cowboy dinner includes a 12 oz steak, salad, bread, a choice of fours different beers (from their brewery, including Rootbeer), green beans, and mashed potatoes. All of them were delicious. The steak was a little bland but it was still tasty. All of this for $7.99.
I've only ever been here in the wee hours of the night, but honestly, I think that's the only time you should be here. STEAK AND EGGS.. . For some reason, steak and eggs post-clubbing (or anytime after midnight) has always been a staple of my Vegas trips, so I've been to quite a few places. Skip Buffalo Bill's and go to Ellis Island! Trust me. Heard about it from a cab driver one Vegas trip, and we have been back every time since.. . Location wise, it's off the strip a bit, but parking is generally not a problem (though again, only been here when it's... late), and I've also managed to hail a cab standing on the side of the road at 3am.. . Our server was really patient with us, even though we had a big group. Service was surprisingly slow, given that it was mostly empty (-1 star), but they brought out 10 steak and eggs orders all at once so no one was waiting extra. This is the best steak and eggs deal in Vegas (for the price) because the steak is actually edible and not too tough to chew and the potatoes are seasoned well. Eggs are eggs. It's not gourmet, but when you're tired and hungry and in good company, tastes like heaven.. . Also, beware the creepy guys on the casino floor who leer at girls in heels and short dresses.. . tl;dr: Best place for late night steak and eggs in Vegas!
Can't believe a $7.99 steak could taste sooo freaking good!!! All four of us ordered that $7.99 steak and it includes the in-house Amber, which is another plus. The wait time was alright since its around 6pm, but we did go in before the crowd. However, the wait time for the steak was a bit long, maybe because we were all hungry after the convention. . . The BBQ place was the reason why Ellis couldnt get all 5 stars from me, their waitime was hideous. We went there two times before we could try their delicious racks. First time we went there, the wait time was 45min, so we went over to the steak place aross the casino and tried their $7.99 with Amber. Second time, the wait time was 2 HOURS because it was during dinner time, so we went someplace else. Finally, the third time we went there, it was around 4:30pm, so there isn't a line and we could finally try the ribs and chicken. The BBQ sauce was great and so are the beans and coleslaw.. . Would I go back?? maybe, really depends on the wait time....
Great food, cheap prices, the root beer was awesome. If you don't mind a steakhouse that is full of old people, you are in. Good food that does not cost a bunch. Cheap is not a good adjective because it takes away from the overall review. Steak, green beans, potato of choice, salad and a beer for 8 freaking bucks!  Service is quick the meat is great (not a sizzler steak by any means). You gotta try this joint!
This is a little favorite of ours.  Their restaurant has all the right combinations of comfort food.  You can't beat the prices and everyone is always so nice (at least when we've been there).  . . It's a little hole in the wall place, but we've always had pretty good experiences.
This is a raunchy looking spot but I gave it a 4 star for  3 reasons. Its a small place so when you gamble, you get your drinks super fast. 2nd, they have a good deal on their bbq. 3rd, the dealers want you to win. If you dont win, you dont come back, you dont come back, this place closes down.
$5.99 steak and eggs. Gotta ask for it. Not listed on their menu but it's always available. Whether you come in for breakfast or stumble in after getting your drink on. Their customer base is also pretty diverse although there's an old people diner kind of feel to it. But enough about that, steak and eggs! Comes with potatoes and toast. Service is decent and they serve your party's order at the same time so it might take a while for your order to arrive. Also worth noting that we waited 45 minutes for a table. Seemed like their standard for a Sunday brunch since there were so many other people waiting. They could use more servers though, as the wait was definitely not due to lack of tables.
$5.99 steak and eggs deal that you won't see posted anywhere, not even on their menu. I couldn't believe it. My bro recommended it to me and I had to text him to double check it was true because I didn't see it anywhere! Asked the lady at the front just to make sure it was still going and she confirmed it. . . There was very little wait and the server took our orders quickly and the steak came out reasonably fast. The main issue I have here is that they do not know how to cook their steaks consistently. My friend ordered his steak rare and got it medium rare. I ordered mine medium rare and got it done medium well. My other friend ordered hers well done and got medium rare. No, our plates were not mixed up, the little fork thingies on the steaks indicated how they were cooked. None of them were correct. . . Anyway, the eggs were great and the potatoes were excellent! Well cooked and reasonably spiced. I think the potatoes are the hidden gem in this deal (it should be called steak, eggs and potatoes!) They also give you 2 slices of bread (4 pieces) along with jelly. They layer a ton of butter onto the bread too. . . Oh yeah, there's always a couple homeless people on the sidewalk in front of the 7-Eleven. They wanted to trade me some change for my tie. LOL. . TIP: Late night munchies? No worries $5.99 steak and eggs waiting for you--they're open 24 hours!
The steak special hereis fantastic! It's pretty much my go-to when I'm strapped for cash but still want a restaurant experience with courses. Doesn't hurt that the beers crafted in house are only $1.75.. . Is this the best steak you'll ever have? Heck no. But where else can you regularly get soup or salad to start, and a filet cut top sirloin with choice of potato and green beans for $8? Nowhere, I tell you. The best part about this deal? It comes with a free beer (or rootbeer.. get a beer, sissy). And their beers are pretty darn good.. . I personally love the taste of sirloin. I think filet mignon is overrated in everything but it's tenderness (ribeye.. that is all.) The sirloin at Ellis is hit or miss, really, both in preparation and in quality. Sometimes I've gone and it's been tender, and sometimes my jaw is sore by the end of dinner. I usually order medium-rare and it's usually medium or medium-well, occasionally rare, and once in a blue moon, cooked correctly. The green beans are fresh green beans and are sometimes still crisp, and sometimes really mushy and buttered with loads of fresh garlic. The baked potato is standard, and the mashed potatoes come with gravy that is much like cafeteria gravy and is oddly satisfying in that way.. steak fries are steak fries. The soups change day to day and range from chili to New England clam chowder (surprisingly good). The salads are your standard iceberg romaine carrot purple cabbage mix with croutons and cherry tomatoes, but their Italian dressing is made in house and it is bangin'.. . Other dishes: Orange Roughy - delicious. Fish n Chips - delicious! (Same as Village Pub, but cheaper at Village Pub). Clams - good, fresh. French onion soup - super greezy. I think the bread they use is a piece of garlic bread. They also have the mandatory casino breakfast specials that seem like a good deal, I've never tried them.. . This is an $8 steak. This is not a steak house. This is the kind of steak that benefits from being cooked a little more by getting just a bit more tender.. go medium-rare. For the price, you won't have any regrets. Unless you're a vegetarian (sissy).
Baby back ribs smell amazing..8 dollars steak special sealed the deal though...beware of 1.5 hour wait for party of 15..
For some unknown reason, I have an affinity for this place.. . What is it? It's a dive-casino. Yes, sort of like a dive bar, but a dive casino. It's small, dark, worn down, and not-so-easy on the eyes. But I like coming down here to get away from the strip every once in a while.. . Its a local spot. I think their biggest draw is their restaurant, which always has great deals for steak (it's something like 7 bucks) and you get a salad and some other things with it. Everything is very cheap here. . . If you have never been and decide on coming, don't have any expectations. Don't expect great service, valet, or pretty cocktail waitresses. Come here because you want a cheap meal and to take an escape from fantasy and step into reality, for only a minute.
I couldn't find a separate entry for the BBQ restaurant inside Ellis Island, but it's a must go joint. Head toward the Metro Pizza Counter and take a right at the beer fermenters and you're there. They open at 4PM and it pays to get there early. I went on a Tuesday night, got there about 5:30 and had to wait an hour. Really, really good BBQ ribs and chicken.
I am always a little scared of the off strip casinos but I really liked this place.. . The front bar has Karaoke 7 nights a week until 3am and I really enjoyed it. I must say that the first couple of singers had dark sides to them...Sound Garden, Metallica, etc... I instantly knew this was not a happy let's sing pop and love songs kind of crowd. This was pretty dark hard core singing. I was just amazed that the screaming and voices were dead on. It was a little refreshing for me, then the typical singers I encounter.. . The bartenders were a little disconnected. It seems like they were making drinks for other people outside the bar. There was a secret window where "OPD" went...what you don't know what that means? Okay fine "Other Peoples Drinks!" Now are you down with me? It was like you needed a road flare to get there attention and I was sitting at the bar. Plus there is a 10 buck min for a tab on credit card. Also do not start a tab with the waitress and then order a drink from the bartender because they do not work well together. Okay as I'm writing this sober I'm realizing this paragraph deserves like one star.. . I need to get back to my happy spot...good cold fresh micro brew beer flowing from taps behind the bar. I wish the tap was on my side.  I also wish the bathroom was closer because I needed to return the beer back to nature. So I went on my walk through the casino. I loved it. As I walked around, I noticed 5 buck blackjack...it was over $25 back at our big casino on the strip. I love that these little places have low starting limits. If I was Mayor of Funtown I would make a law that said there will be no set table bets. Hey if I wanna gamble a buck why can't I? Why are you forcing me to lose more money?. . I think this place is a find and I can hardly wait to come back here but I'm going to need to start working on some dark songs to sing or I might get kicked out.
Do not pass over this place because of the location.  Simply put, the best sirloin and eggs I have ever had. Even the bread and potatoes were fantastic.  I am a Bellagio snob. Every time I go to Vegas I refuse to give anyone else my money.  However, this was fantastic. Given that there are soooo many other $X.99 steak specials in Vegas, it is easy yo chalk all them all up as crap.  But, this one is the exception. Oh, and my girlfriend got the ham and eggs and the ham was still on the bone. It was that really good textured and uneven colored ham that you would get at a higher end place. Just the right amount of dryness and very dense. Oh, and it was the size of her plate. the only weird thing was the butter that they put on the toast.  It seemed like it was the liquid butter that they put on popcorn. Ask for the butter on the side and you will be golden.
Cafe yay!. . There were a number of food places in this casino. We ended up in the Cafe. The selection of food here was great and the affordable price even better! I had the pork chops meal for something like $8.99. No wonder the place always had long waiting lists... it goes by pretty fast, though, and we were seated quickly (10 min wait).  Service was good. Not located on the strip but worth visiting if looking for a cheap place to eat.
With so many Steak and Eggs deal in town, it's hard to know which one to choose. I'd have to say Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs are great.. . Let's talk about the restaurant itself; it's located about one block away from the Strip, so it's relatively close to all the big hotels. If you're out on the Strip late at night, maybe just got done with clubbing or meeting some friends and want to get some grub at a decent price, this would be my first choice. Yep, and I said grub :) So don't expect any fine-dining steakhouse quality, but it's a great fixer at 2am in the morning when you don't want to settle with pizza or McDonalds.. . In fact, I'd give the food more credit than just that. It's a lively little place to chat and enjoy a good dish while at it. The Steak and eggs portion are really great for the price. It's definitely filling and the steak is juicy and well-cooked. The service is what you expect at a casino; fast and friendly. . . My only complaint would be that Ellis Island is really showing its age. I don't know how old the building is but everything, including the casino, interior, and restaurant just seems a little aged. But of course,that can be charming as well, just depends how you look at it.. . So where am I gonna go after I see Deadmau5 or Redfoo at Marquee at 2am in the morning? This place of course! Also, now that I think about it, it's probably even walking distance from Marquee (Although being a pedestrian at 2 in the morning on the Las Vegas Strip is probably not a good idea).
This place is great if you go with the right expectations.  The service is pretty poor but everything else is amazing.  $5 black jack tables on a Friday night and an amazing steak and egg breakfast special.  Not only is it really cheap ($5.99) but it is really good!
The party that Ellis Island hosted was one of the highlights of my Yelp Spring Break trip!. . I had never heard of this place, it's off the strip (but not by much), older, and divey. They were hosting a BBQ that us yelpers were invited to as part of our trip. For $5 each, we got a combo of a choice of ribs, burger, hot dog, or turkey leg, potato salad, and corn on the cob. Plus, there was free beer and Malibu shots all night. Can you see why we all decided to come here?. . We rounded up a crew of elites and made our way over. Of course I had to get the turkey leg, because, when do you ever get to walk around biting from a big ol' turkey leg?? It was great but the ribs were my favorite, with a sweet, smoky flavor and falling off the bone. As others here have said, good BBQ is hard to find and Ellis Island really makes themselves stand out. . . We signed up for the players club so we could enter a raffle, and we got to watch a hot dog eating contest, dance, get more free beers, and just hang out. I didn't gamble, but the casino is darker and smaller than most casinos. Staff was very friendly and welcoming to us, too. I would definitely come back here for the summer events they host, or just for the food! Great BBQ, cheapness, hospitality, and great times.
Beer and BBQ: two of my very favorite things in life.  Lucky for me, Ellis Island serves up both for a great price!  . . I went to their summer kick-off beach party, where us Elite Yelpers were treated to a fab VIP section and great deals.  They really took care of us!  They offered a choice of BBQ selections and sides - I chose the ribs with corn and coleslaw.  I admit, I had been drinking, and when I'm drinking everything tastes amazing, but daaaaaaamn, those were some good ribs!  They were perfectly sauced and cooked just right.  Their regular beer prices are super reasonable, and their beer is brewed right there on-site.  I'm from Portland, aka Microbrew Capital of the World, so their beers didn't rock my world, but they were still pretty good.  I tried their hard lemonade though, and I had to put it down - icky.  . . The casino is smaller and definitely more dive-y, but they've got some of the newer slots and low-limit table games. I had a great time while I was here and I'll definitely be back.
I came here for a yelp elite event and had a great time! We went on a Saturday for a "beach" party. Drinks were on the house at the outside bar they had set up and food was $5 for ribs, polish sausage, hot dog, or a giant turkey leg. Meat came with a small corn on the cob and a small side of potato salad. Food was cheap and tasty. The turkey leg was huge and super tasty! Corn and potato salad were done just right. Especially the potato salad! The beer was okay. It is brewed on site but was lacking some flavor. The IPAD was a bit too light. The Weiss was good in flavor but needed a little more of a kick. . I tried some of the pizza inside as well. It was great! I ordered the cheese and also had a slice of mushroom because it was so amazing!. The atmosphere is nice inside. Small and quaint. A few black jack tables. One roulette table and a ton of slot machines.. Thanks for a great time and reasonable prices! I will return for sure!!
I keep thinking I've already reviewed Ellis Island.. . This is our go to place for steak and eggs. I've yet to find a better deal that doesn't require you to go at odd hours. No having to wait for the midnight special. Gotta love that!. . The service is friendly. The wait can be long depending on when you get here. The longest we've waited was probably 45 minutes. Our last visit, the service wasn't so stellar as they server didn't even bother to check in on us and refill out waters. She also practically took the cash from my hands while my companions and I are still figuring out the bill. . . So the brewery part, I've only tried their rootbeer so far and I must admit that I love it. If you're used to commercial rootbeer, this might not be right for you.. . The casino itself is pretty decent. Good mix of new and old slot machines with a few table games here and there.. . Side note: They also hosted Elite Yelpers for the Yelp Spring Break :)
Wait, there's more to Vegas than the Strip? You've got to be kidding me.. . Ellis Island was a partner for our Yelp Spring Break experience, and so we came here on a Saturday evening to enjoy a night of BBQ, free beer, a hot dog eating contest, and live music. It's an unassuming place, with a patio that feels like a backyard, but Mike the owner made us feel welcome and was an incredible host. A limbo contest and small casino with low minimums provided more entertainment for our low-key night!
This is the best steak you're gonna find for under $20....for under $10 (6.99 + a $2 drink).  . . Also, the beers are great tasting and you won't find a cheaper beer.  $1.50-2 for a tall one....just don't be a cheap ass with your tips...to get full and drunk in this place can be had on a $20 bill.. . BUT. . You have to deal with a usually long wait for a table, even when there are tons of obviously open tables..... . Bad service....this is hit or miss, sometimes you get great service, other times you get horrible service.  Your steak WILL come out underdone a degree, so if you are like me and enjoy medium rare steaks,  order medium.. . Old and smelly location....looks and smells like old vegas in here.  Reeks of smoke and old people.. . But if you can look past all the good, the food and drink make it worth your while
$7.99 for a 12oz sirloin steak with a baked potato , green beans, salad, and a beer.  If this doesn't scream cheap airline crew layover spot, I don't know what does.. . The kicker is the steak was cooked exactly as ordered, the potato was huge, the green beans had a great garlic seasoning mixed in, and the house beer was cold and tasty... for $10 with the tip... seriously.
Yes, this may be one of the smokiest places in Vegas but it is also one of the best. My hidden little jewel off of the strip :) The food is cheap and soooo good. Steak is always cooked to order. And the beer ... I am not a beer person but YAY! I cannot go to LV without making a stop here.
Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is one of those cool off-strip casinos that is close enough to the action without being overrun by tourists.  It's for locals and tourists alike.  We came on a Saturday as part of Yelp Spring Break and enjoyed a BBQ and beer.  There was a live band, food trucks, and our awesome host Mike.  The slots are loose here and the blackjack table we were at was HOT.  . . It's a great place to come and enjoy a few hours or a few days.  Apparently they have an awesome $5.99 steak and eggs special.  Who knew?  Not this gal.  TIL.  Thanks for the memories Ellis Island!
Prime rib was great, and only $12, big selection, great beer! Will be back every time were out here!
This is a place that may not be everyone, but I love it.  . . They coupon heavily...in both the Las Vegas Advisor and the Casino Guide.  They let you use multiple BOGO coupons at the same table and the free drink coupons (5 or 6) depending on the book are heavy pours.  It is a brewery and the beers are excellent at $2 each.. . The food is pretty solid.  I am particularly fond of the Prime Rib.  The service is above average, but do realize that this is a local working class joint.. . The group running the KARAOKE are pro's.  I know that Vegas is not the mecca or KAROAKE towns, but if you want to do it come here.. . Also kid friendly in the cafe!. . I know that it is connected to the Super 8, but this place is FUN!
If you're looking for an inexpensive yet yummy breakfast or dinner near the strip, look no further! Their steak and eggs are delicious! We ate here twice during our stay. We will definitely be returning on our next Vegas trip. The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because both times we arrived the hostess clearly saw us but it took her a good 5 minutes to acknowledge us. A simple "I'll be right with you" would have been much appreciated. The waitresses are very nice!
Hands down, best STEAK and Egg place in Vegas. Wayy better than buffalo bills! I heard about this place from my roommate and decided to try it. I am not really sure if I like it because of the price but this is my go to steak and eggs place in Vegas.
My new favorite late night spot in Vegas. $7.99 for a sirloin dinner with salad & root beer/beer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tE6wusQQtmsG3r5NyN7EQg)? Or how about $12.99 for a delicious prime rib dinner (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=AiG3iREeIJLCS2y5QjLU3Q)? . . Win or lose at the tables, you're sure to win here at Ellis Island Cafe. The steak and prime rib, especially the latter, are so tender and juicy. The prime rib might as well come out of one of the buffets from the elite resorts on the strip. Each bite you take, you just wonder to yourself how the hell this is so cheap? The service is great, staff's always attentive and friendly. If you want meat in the wee hours of the morning, skip Earl's and get yourself a real meal for the same price.
Came here for steak & eggs for 5.79. Such a good deal. Food is decent for the price but nothing super amazing. It was pretty packed even at 5 in the morning.
Is this where I rate the juicy BBQ? . . Is this where I rate the only place in Vegas where I can get a half portion of juicy BBQ chicken and ribs with 2 pieces of buttered toast, cole slaw, baked beans, and a side of corn for a whopping $10??. . HOLY MOLEY. Cheap EATS in vegas is a miracle! Not only was it affordable, but it was also deliciously filling.
I come here to get my Steak and Eggs fix!  Pretty good for the price.
4 Stars for reasonable prices, good food, and one of the managers, Bob for overcoming the poor customer service of one individual, Sabrina.. . Six of us were seated at a booth.  When the above aforementioned employee approached to take our order I advised her that my wife and I will be on a separate ticket.  She said that she was not able to do that because we were all seated at the same booth.  I asked that if we were seated at the booth next to this one we could be on a separate ticket, she told me "yep".  I asked what the difference was that we were here and not there, without explaining why she just came our with "it's policy, and is written right in the menu".  I told her then we wont be returning.  Her response is the exact reason why honest working people employed in less desirable positions get a bad rap.  Their mindset is this ain't my place so what do I care if you come back or not.
On a Monday night, I tried the steak dinner for 10. . . - Great deal! Not the best taste, but it gets me full and satisfied. comes also with dinner rolls, a salad, your choice of potato (i chose baked), and green beans. oh yes, and a beer (i got hef) or root beer. . - steak prepared how i ordered it! unlike coronado's, ellis island made a medium perfectly. juicy and delicious. . - decor looks like a place for pirates than a land of opportunity for immigrants. lol. boats shooting boats. . - quick service. i got my food in time without getting grumpy. . - Overall, a 4 star for good price and friendly service.
This is where the locals go! For six bucks, you can get a good ol' fashioned steak and eggs with toast and they are pretty good :)  Which was very surprising! I have paid triple that at other "on the strip" casinos, and they weren't as good at all.. . The good thing about this place is that it is not far from the strip, but you will still have to drive or get a cab to get here. Good service, good prices, and good food!. . I'm a fan! . . Side note: I always use to see big deals on billboards on the way to Vegas, advertising a Steak breakfast at around this price and never thought it would be any good. I am glad I was wrong! At least I know that I can count on Ellis Island!
Hmm... . . I have many a dilemma with Ellis Island. First off, the prime rib special there is excellent. The ribs and chicken combo at the brewery is one of the best deals out there. You receive free play instantly when you sign up. I lost a ton of money here. Okay let's not retread on the bad memories.. . The food is what you get when you come here. The games have pretty bad payouts, and I don't remember seeing many people win here. The whole atmosphere is kind of sad and there are much older people here than some of the other casinos. Parking is abundant though, and signing up for a free player's card is easy and quick. I would say not to get the 10oz steak here though. It was the only disappointing food that I tried it. I asked for medium and it was waaaaay too well done. . . Other than the disappointing steak and lose of money, Ellis Island and its prime rib is now a staple on my Vegas trips.
I am quickly realizing that the best places in Las Vegas to visit are all off-strip (see: Pinball Hall of Fame). . This place has some solid steak and eggs and for cheap (under $10 including tax). . . Our waitress was attentive and I WISH that it had been the afternoon when we went because I am impressed with the idea of a brewery in a casino and would have loved to try their beer. Sadly, it was 8 AM, far too early to be drinking beer :'( next time. . Edit: I have been back here again and it is still well-priced and thus popular with the locals. If you go at a more popular time for breakfast such as 10AM, prepare for a longer wait (45 minutes)? But otherwise, food and service is still excellent.
This place is a total gem that I can't believe I never knew of before. It looks like a dinky little run down place but here are the two things I love here:. 1. Microbrews at less than $3 a pint (try their craft root beer, too!). 2. Gigantic delicious rib dinners with all the sides/trimmings for less than $15 (join their free players' membership for discounted dinners).. . Rib dinner goers beware: they close at 10:00pm, meaning that THEY STOP SEATING AT 10:00pm EVEN IF YOU ARRIVE AND GET A NUMBER BEFOREHAND. Make sure to get there no later than 8:00pm if you want your number to get called. After that, the host will warn you that there is no guarantee of seating and you would have wasted 1.5-2 hours waiting. Their dining area is extremely small and our group barely slipped by before the cut-off. Whew! :)
I love this place!  It is much harder to get over here now that I have kids.  Some people look at this hidden gem nestled into the Super 8 motel as some dingy little casino.  I see it as one of the best deals close to the strip.  This is are "go to" place when we have guests in town.  I think it's funny when you are driving through the parking lot there is a sign that have the beer price and you can tell it's been changed many times.  I always joke with people that their beer prices are like the stock market.  . . First let me talk about the beer.  They are pretty standard, Amber, IPA, Stout.  and you also have a root beer.  The beer isn't special but its a craft like beer that is cheap.  When you spend $12 on the strip for a 12oz corona you learn to appreciate this place.  They have a little lounge in the corner that has karaoke.  Let me warn you though,  it does tend to get pretty smokey on the weekends.  Also, every time I have been in the lounge there has been a homeless guy sitting at the bar.  Or, he might have been a truck driver.  Either way Ellis Island is for everyone!  It's not some secret hipster bar that serves strange drinks.  . . I always heard about the food here.  We have only eaten here a couple times.  Is the food incredible?  Not really, but it's cheap and pretty good.  You can get a steak and beer at a really great price.  So, if you are in the area or neighborhood check this place out.  Cheers!
Okay.... don't judge a book by its cover.  This casino/brewery is kinda divey looking on the outside, and it is off-strip, so two strikes against it starting off, but it is totally worth the walk from the strip (behind Ballys).  Especially if you want great steak and egg or BBQ combos at a cheap price.  The cafe and bar both serve the Ellis Island Brewery beers even flights of all of their offerings and $2 craft beer pints.  The beers are pretty average, but I support the micro locals whenever I can.  I liked the Amber Ale the best follwed by the middle of the road IPA.. . They have Karaoke going on in the casino bar if you are into that (some good some bad).
$7.99 Off-Menu Steak Special: It's been written many times, but I have to repeat it again - this is a fantastic deal, and a truly quality meal. . . One of the best developments in the past decade of Vegasdom has been the arrival of America's top chefs, but I love to balance my Vegas trips between the pricier offerings and dirt cheap, classic meals of yore. While pretty much unavailable at the large strip casinos, if you're willing to wade into local territory, you'll find that few deals are as good as the steak special at Ellis Island.  . . It's a nice (not Morton's nice, you greedy assholes, diner nice) slab of steak, a couple ounces more than what you'd see at Sizzler, along with crunchy, garlic green beans, steak cut fries (or baked or mashed potato), and a choice of beer or root beer. I tasted the root beer, which is far superior to the corn syrup version you might be used to, and I had the dark stout, which wasn't as dark as I like it, but fuck. Eight fucking dollars for the whole thing? I'll take it. . . ***We only waited ten minutes, getting there on the late side of dinner, mid-week. I don't know that I'd want to wait more than a half hour for this, or anything, really. Lastly, the waitress was covering way more tables than most would have to, but she was great, and I enjoyed veering into a conversation with her about the perils of the LA-to-Vegas weekend drive.
Cheap eats right off the strip.  I had the New York Strip with eggs for only $5.99.  Can't beat the price and the food was good.  This is more of a local hangout  but worth checking out.
One of the best spots to grab a meal after a long night of partying in Vegas.. I usually all over the prime rib here. The prime rib here is delicious. Comes with a side and even a beer. I always wanted to try the beer but I'm usually done drinking for the night when I get here. Their root beer makes a good substitute and allows me to recover some life back in my night.. From one experience they didn't have prime rib for two straight nights. I learned my lesson and saved their number so I can always check if they're serving at some odd hour of the night. I started ordering the chicken fried chicken here. It is fried for a nice golden brown crisp and is really moist. I never had a bad experience here.. For those that want to go cheap, they always have the $4.99 steak and eggs. It really hits the spot on the cheap.. Service here can be slow even though it may not be that crowded. I usually come here pretty late in the night so I don't really expect speedy service. They just serve you your food and pretty much leave you alone.
For years everytime I have come to Vegas. I ask the cab drivers where they like to eat for cheap and good food. 1 of 3 always say Ellis Island. So I finally came here to try it out for lunch. I loved my food and service I received. They have a lot of options and like most places breakfast all day. And the one thing that will keep bringing me back. The micro brews they have here are some of the best. And for 2.50 a pint you can't go wrong. I will go out of my way to come here again the next stop on Vegas.
Great place for good inexpesnive food, not too far off the strip. Steak specials are great comes with micro-brewed beer. A must return visit is in store.
You will probably die getting there, probably of stabbing or dehydration, but the steak special is worth it. Get off the strip and go! Just don't use the restroom, because you'll probably catch hepatitis.
Tasty ribs and cheap microbrews ... what more could a guy ask for? Perhaps a shorter wait. Not exactly a great date place, but hits the spot for a casual meal out with friends or loved ones.
LOVE THIS PLACE !  I have been comming here for 10 years . if you are on a budget , eat here ! eat here everyday . lol. The steak special is great , ( its not on the menu)   . the sour dough rolls are great , green beans are awesome . I have had other things here and they are just as good . . Everytime i go to vegas i must go to ellis island atleast once for a meal , even if its at 3 am :)
We came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning. The restaurant is nicer inside than how it may appear from the outside. We had the steak and egg special for $5.99. The meal came with 2 eggs, a nice cut of NY strip, tater tot like potatoes and your choice of toast. The NY strip was a very generous portion and good quality steak. One of the best values for breakfast that I have ever had.
Great value for a no-frills prime rib dinner. For $12 we got a generous cut of prime rib, a salad, a side, green beans and a beer. . . Exactly what you expect when looking for cheap eats in vegas.
Awesome food. Super great price!!  Had dinner & a couple of breakfasts there during our stay. Fast friendly service and fresh food. We had the steak & beer $7.99 special. Super yum. Also had chicken fried steak & eggs/eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast & French toast loved all of it.
When I first saw the outside of this place I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. People who know me know I love pretty decor and a clean, scrubbed look. Well, you won't get the aesthetics, but you will get fabulous food!. . The wait can be long sometimes, but trust me, it's well worth it. I'd say that the service is okay. It's nothing that I'd write home about, but it's average and you won't have any complaints. . . Again, the inside is NOT pretty, but the food is so yummy good. I used to always order the salmon salad and, oh my gosh, it is so delicious that I went back three days in a row for it when I first ate it. That's how spectacular it was. I then branched out to the salmon dinner (I know, I really put myself out there, don't I?) and, of course, cooked perfectly. I really do love this place.. . Seriously, when you walk in you will wonder what you are doing there, but you eventually find out that this place is not only great, but affordable! Don't let the outside keep you from going inside for a whole lot of goodness. Yum!. . I wish I could write about all the food, but I've pretty much had salmon every time, but truthfully, if they can cook that fish perfectly, think about what they can do with steak/chicken, etc! Go do it!
Hey if you love prime rib, this is the place for you. Comparing to other places in Las Vegas, the prime rib only cost 12.99 (it also comes with root beer). The quality of the food is top notch!!! However, if you are planning on eating here, please be advised that the food take a long time to be served. Otherwise i would be giving this place a 5 stars.
Ourlarge group walked from Planet Hollywood to here. Damn that was a long walk!!!. . I had their side salad and split pea soup which was so delicious. I also had an order of their chicken fried chicken. It was good, but their gravy was a tad bit on the salty side. Their rootbeer was so refreshing too. My meal was only $7 plus some odd change.. . My Hubby had their prime rib w/ beer. He said it was good. Can't beat $12.99..  . Overall, it was pretty good. Next time we are catching the cab!
After seeing Ellis Island featured on numerous Las Vegas deals and shows since I was a kid, I knew I had to finally check it out. Located right behind Bally's on the strip, they offer an amazing steak dinner for $7.99! It comes with soup/salad, steak, green beans, baked/mashed potatoes AND  a beer. Honestly, I was skeptical of the food once I walked in, but I'm not going to lie, it was great. I was stuffed by the end and I couldn't believe our dinner for 2 was less than $20! . . I wouldn't be eating this every night, but it's definitely a hidden gem in Vegas!. . --. Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
My husband and I tried this place after looking for ideas on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  Most all of the previous reviewers were spot on. Ellis Island casino and Brewery is small and dive-y in appearance and the location is not enticing. As you enter, you will notice the strong cigarette presence.  The restaurant is actually the 24/7 Cafe in the back corner.  The seating is done by a number system. My husband ordered the prime rib dinner which comes with soup or salad, choice of potato, green beans and a micro beer or root beer.  I ordered the grilled salmon.  Both meals were nicely done.   Our waitress seemed disinterested but efficient.  Another waiter brought out our meal, however, it was 2 meals of prime rib, which I suspect belonged to another table.  I explained to the waiter that one of the plates he brought out was what my husband ordered, so he left it on our table and returned the other to the kitchen. I had to wait an extra 5 minutes until my salmon entree came out.  But 4 minutes prior, the waiter brought another 2 plates of prime rib to the table behind us. . . Bottom line, if looking for a restaurant with a large selection, decent taste and inexpensive, come to this place, but come early to avoid waiting too long.
Great Barbacue And Top Sirloin With A Micro Brew Beer.. A Las Vegas Local Restaurant For Many Years.
Imagine this you are in vegas and you are trying to ball on a budget. . YES kind of hard on a budget, but juct incase you spent a little too much heres a place that will fill you up and your wallet won't take too much of a hit. . I came here one morning with a few friends and we had wanted something filling but not heavy as in grease, knowing that we checked yelp and this popped up. so i said lets give it a try. located behind the strip on koval we walked in and it just seemed like a retro casino that hadn't changed a bit since idk 20 years ago. . we head straight to their cafe lo and behold they had a 5.99 NY steak and eggs special so what do we do, we of course order it DUH!. . it came with 2 eggs any style you want , potatoes, toast, and the steak. steak was kind of small but not bad, everything else just came to fit with the order really.. . I would say nothing too special other than its the cheapest decent food i've had in vegas. . P.S. don'tget the orange juice I got a Tall and it was ridiculously tiny
Great steak and eggs are $7.99. Just remember that this is not the menu just tell your waiter'/ waitress. . . Steak and eggs dinner comes with: steak, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and home fries. The steak isn't the best quality but it was cooked pretty well. I really enjoyed their sourdough toast. Be aware that they smother lots of butter on it so if you are watching your saturated fat intake make sure to ask them for no butter on your toast. Home fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. . . I love their home made root beer. It was around $2.25 for a giant glass (probably 20 ounces). . . Service: Come around 11:00pm on a Saturday night and got seated right away. Waitress was very attentive as well. . Come back again? For sure! My mouth is watering thinking about the rootbeer
Craft brewed beers, super old school. Can't wait to try the restaurant
We went to Ellis Island Casino and Brewery based on a friend's suggestion.  On a previous trip to Vegas, he had asked a local "Hey, can you tell me a good place that the locals around here go for some good food that isn't very touristy?"   I'm glad he asked that question because the place was awesome!  There are two restaurants inside:  One sells beef-related entrees and the other restaurant sells BBQ-related entrees.  We went to the BBQ side.  The entrees are huge, the food excellent, and the prices cheap!   The waiter even gave us all "member's discounts" when none of us were members.   They brew their own beer on the premises and that was good too (except for the IPA.  I swear they must've had the hoses connected wrong or something.  It tasted like a light beer).  But that didn't take anything away from the whole dining experience.  I definitely recommend this place!
Hands down, the best steak and eggs place in Vegas!. . Mygf who lives in Vegas recommended that we try this place for our steak and eggs cravings and we werent disappointed.. . - Be ready for the smell of old people and stale smoke. - Be ready for the old decor. - Be ready for the slow service. - Be ready to die and go to steak and egg heaven!
Coupon is now REQUIRED for $7.99 Steak and beverage including beer deal. You must be a member of their free Passport Players Club. Print the coupon at a player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. Coupon valid only on day of printing.
Excellent food - I had a wonderful grilled salmon dish.  The steaks and beef are very good too.  Service was a bit tardy to get started, but the price is right.  Definite return.
So bad and so good!. . This is the off the strip, gritty Vegas I love! Fortunately, this fabulous place is right down the street from the hotel my company lays over at. . . Cheap good dinner, cheap beer and a lot of great people watching. There is nothing like enjoying your meal and watching some really awkward and inappropriate flirting between the servers and lonely drunk men at the tables. There is karaoke that is dominated by some of the worst singers and you have a first class show from the dining room. And of course the icing on the cake is the Elvis impersonator. A tiny man in an oversize Elvis jumpsuit. Heaven! . . Ellis Island is great because it's 1960s classic Vegas however it's sad because it's still 1960s classic Vegas. . . . Viva Las Vegas!
Good food at a great price. The food is really filling and the home fries are amazing. The place is filled with smoke so if you have trouble breathing or asthma you probably shouldn't go. The portions are really big. I come here every time i go to Vegas.
Okay had the BBQ at Ellis Island.. The BBQ place has its own space and is not part of the cafe. It's located right next to the sports book. I feel like it should have its own space here on Yelp since it would be like reviewing Wicked Spoon under the Cosmopolitan business listing. It's located at Ellis Island but its a separate restaurant.  Anyways.. . . The BBQ meats are ribs and chicken only, no choice of sides tho you do get beans, cole slaw, corn on the cob and garlic French bread with every entree. Ellis Island does have a brewery which means 20oz beers for cheap. Entrees are super reasonable and don't worry a combo rib and chicken platter will fill the heartiest of eaters and at these prices go ahead order an extra one entree to go. . . I was pretty blown away.. The meats were incredibly juicy, tender and tasted like the most awesome back yard BBQ. The chicken was like eating meat silk, you hardly even needed to chew since it was that soft. Ribs were meaty and just barely clung to the bone (thats a good sign for BBQ). I'd have a hard time only choosing one meat as they both were pretty dang tasty! I love the sauce too, smokey and not overly sweet! . . Whoa! I still have BBQ sauce in my beard, nom!
Little hole in the wall in a tiny casino. The food is awesome and cheap. My meal came with a beer. Would be a 5 star if the place was a little cleaner.
Recently went to Vegas and planned to visit 3 breweries in 3 days. Eliis was our first stop. Its off the strip so don't expect all the lights and glam. The beer was good, i tried the IPA, not as bitter as a sierra so it was smooth and refreshing. The steak and eggs breakfast was great for $5.99! Did some gambling and won a little bit.  Will visit again next time in vegas and try some of other beers.
Steak dinner was excellent! Gr8 brew, too.
Came here with my girls after a nice dinner at Bagatelle and we had a blast!!! It was my first time singing karaoke "American style" where it's on stage in front of strangers rather than in a private room in front of your friends.. It was so much fun!!! The crowd was very diverse. Although located close to the strip, this place is more divey than anything so don't expect anything fancy coming here LOL . . You pick a song from the book, tell the person at the podium and then get drunk while waiting for your song to come up.. The drinks and food are cheap.. I bought 6 drinks & we got drunk using just about $50... When you sing on stage you get an awesome adrenaline rush and the crowd cheers you on. No booing or any negativity here which takes some of the pressure off.. Great sound system and lots of screens with the lyrics... Although when you're drunk all the words just jumble into one HAHA . . Definitely want to come back with more friends and also to try the steak and eggs!!!
After days of Kathleen W. mentioning how she really wanted Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs, we finally made it over after clubbing in Vegas at around 5:30am - yay for 24 hours! Though a bit off the strip, it was not too bad of a walk going through Bally's from Las Vegas Blvd side. We were promptly seated and ordered our steak and eggs for $5.99 - awesome.. . This must be a different one than the Steak special from friends Dmitiy S. & Nina Y.'s reviews because it did not come with beer, salad, or mashed potatoes, but rather eggs, potatoes, and toast. Also, the steak was cooked more on the well side when ordered. Typically I get medium rare, but this time I ordered medium and it was more medium-well. Just a tad crispy for my liking, I still really enjoyed the steak for the value - a good 8 oz. The plate definitely filled me up, and I was actually glad we stayed out rather than heading back to the hotel to sleep.. . Tip: juice not included, so when we got the bill, we were just a bit surprised that our small juices cost about half what the breakfast plate did...haha
This review is for the BBQ Menu inside the Brewery.  The BBQ seating area has moved and expanded next to the Sports Book and can now accommodate more guests, which is a good thing.  Been here several times for the BBQ and it never disappoints.  The best value is the full rack of baby back ribs that comes with cole slaw, baked beans, corn on the cob and bread.  If you use the Player's Card you get a discount of a couple of bucks.  The ribs fall off the bone and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  Almost always stop in here for a meal when I'm in Vegas.  Service is friendly, but be warned this place gets crowded on the weekend.  You won't leave hungry.
Visited for lunch, super steak special for $8.99. Delicious meal, Super friendly folks. Highly recommend for those who want value for their buck & are tired of the glitzy glamour. Awesome comfort food!
Expect a dive, and that is what you get...But the Prime Rib was worth it.
I had the prime rib. Yum. Be ready for a wait during popular hours. There's always a bar next to the restaurant to kill time.
Came into Vegas for my boys' 21st birthday and this was our first stop. Had the steak special. Had a great time and a great meal. When they found out it was his  birthday got some extras as a slice of cake for him. Will come back again for the special. Just back from St. Patrick's Day weekend and again great meal. Only change is that you now have to get a slot card and slid it thru a kisok and get the coupon. Then give it to the server when you pay. Good for that one day, but good for the entire table. Cost of $8.99.
Great quality meat, total dive mini-casino, but the food is decent & the pricing is near unbeatable. If anyone is attempting to dodge a buffet , wants cheap food & cheap drinks, this is your spot!
This review is focused on the Barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island, although I like the casino, too!  It's small, but comfortable - although a bit smoky.. . We've been eating at the barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island for years.  Because of this, I've never had chance to eat at any of the other food opportunities there!  This visit was our first time since they moved the barbecue restaurant to the other side of the casino.  I guess I like that our large group can now sit inside - a bonus on particularly hot, cold or windy nights, but I did like the patio on beautiful nights!. . First, you need to know that it's still small!  Unless you get there just as they are opening, you're gonna wait to be seated.  Just plan for it.  Know it.  Deal with it.  It's okay. They're open 4-10.  Your wait will give you time to get a players club card so you can get your discount coupon.  You want that because the already low prices will be even lower with it.. .  . Once you do get seated, you have an enormous menu to choose from.  You get either a half rack of ribs, a full rack of ribs, a half a chicken, or a half rack of ribs and half a chicken.  That's it.  That's the menu.  With each of those meals, you get beans, corn, cole slaw and bread. I think the most expensive one is maybe $12  (with the coupon).  The meat is delicious.  The price is right.  The service is good.  Oh, and it's a brewery, so you get REALLY GREAT beer for about $2.50.. . Best deal in Vegas.  Trust me.
You can still get excellent food at great prices.  The steak I had here was better than the steak at The expensive place next door.  I at breakfast there 2 in a row.  I can't wait to try them for dinner.  . . They are a very busy place se get there early.  The decor of the restaurant is beautiful dark paneling. I wish they had more places there. . . I knocked them down a star for the beer.  I brew beer so I know good brew.  This was too watered down for me.  I tried their lightest and darkest beer, but hey, it is only $2.
I've been looking a long time for some cheap food and I've finally found it!  The cafe has wonderful specials, I had french toast for $3.99 and it was Denny's quality (does that say much? haha)  There was a 20 minute wait to get into here so it's not really a hidden gem.  . . I also thought the place would smell more like smoke and be a bigger dump, but it's not.  They even have a Metro pizza which has BOGO specials on certain days and a brewery.  I know this place is synonymous with 2am drunken karoke, so I'll need to observe that one night!. . Not a bad bang for your buck at all!
Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop here and have something to eat!  The chicken fried chicken is AWESOME!!!  I flew home still talking about it.  I have family members that now want to come try it.  The root beer floats are so freaking good!  There is also karaoke each night for those who like to sing or for those who want a good laugh.   There have been so many changes in Vegas where buildings are torn down and replaced.  I just hope that this one remains.  Till next year Ellis...we will meet again!
Steak dinner is now $8.99. Coupon is still required and you must be a member of their free Passport Players Club to get it. Print the coupon at any player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. In addition, you can get $1 off any item, including specials such as the steak dinner, if you play a minimum of $1 in slots or video poker (make sure your players card is inserted in the slot machine). This additional coupon is valid for one person only but each person with a card can redeem their coupon in addition to the $8.99 steak coupon (effectively making the steak $7.99, again). All coupons print from a player's club kiosk. Steak is GREAT, high quality, and includes soup or salad, potato of your choice, vegetables and one of their microbrew beers or a soft drink/coffee.
Steak dinner - 10 oz sirloin, choice of soup/salad, potato how you want + the best part free in house brewed beer/root beer (8.99 - 7.99 if you use the $1 off coupon) . . Oh Breweries, how I tend to seek you out, well maybe not this time, my parents sought you and brought me. It's a rather small establishment, the restaurant and its adjacent casino, but it offers cheap eats that I have to admit are decent quality. I almost feel I should be paying a little more for the portions and well yea including an in house brewed beer too, think I'm robbing them but hey I pay whats on the presented bill. . . The wait I have heard can be atrocious, though I cannot comment on such since when I arrived I joined a party that had already been seated. Service was spot on and quick even with our party of 9 people.
Quite a fun place. It's a casino that have it's own microbrewery and they produce a fine product. I like Stouts and that's what I had here this week, it was good and cheap ($2.50 for a large glass). The bar has karaoke and the regulars here are quite good actually. More locals here than tourist.
My significant other got me onto Ellis Island beer, the Ellis light in particular. I'm not much of a beer drinker but that stuff is really refreshing and easy to drink. The prices on their house made beer are ridiculously cheap. I think its like $2 for a pilsner! They offer a Hefe, a stout, and an IPA as well. I liked the Hefe but as a non-beer drinker, it can get to be a bit much after a glass or two. . . After coming here a few times just hanging at the bar, I decided to see what everyone else had to say about EI. I didn't know this place had good, cheap food as well. Thanks to Yelp, I found out they have some really decent prime rib and BBQ as well as some other great dishes. So far, I've had the chance to try their BBQ, which was really good and probably some of the best I've had here in Las Vegas. It was even better than this BBQ place I ate at in Houston. I've also had the prime rib twice now and although they are a little bit inconsistant with the temperatures, the meat is actually very tasty and is a great deal at just $12.99 which also includes beer. . . Ellis Island has got to be one of the last places in Vegas where you can find some good food and beer at great prices. Like how Vegas used to be. Just be warned that wait times for the restaurants can be a bit long during peak days/hours. Just grab your number from the hostess stand, have a few beers and listen for them to call you overhead.
$2 big microbrew beers!  Decent bbq spare ribs.  Excellent sides of baked beans and cole slaw.  I ordered the combo ribs and chicken and the chicken was not very good.  But the ribs are great.  Corn on the cob was just ok.  Service was excellent.  Everything here is cheap with your players card.  Great food and drink value.
BBQ always does me well. (Review is for the BBQ place, not the casino). . I had gotten off work and as usual was quite ravenous, so with my friends in town and wanting to try this place from hearing great things over the years, we ventured out. Be aware that the BBQ restaurant is not open 24hrs!. . It's also a 21+, good house brew of "weiss" = hef ... and the ribs that came out were pretty big, I didn't opt for my own plate, but instead munched off of the BF's plate. Cole slaw was delicious and the ribs had a distinctive taste that didn't taste like any other place I've been too. . . Will definitely come back, because there's a karaoke bar that I might suck up the courage, liquid courage ... to belt out.
Las Vegas hidden gem. Good food at a fantastic prize.  Open 24/7
This smoky, teensy "locals" casino certainly won't win any beauty prizes, but if you're looking for a low key place to gamble, eat, and drink on a budget, there are definitely worse places you could. . . We went to meet a few friends on the "$5 steak and a beer" night, fully expecting swill and shoe leather, and ended up having about an hour to kill due to late friends. So we bellied up to the bar and enjoyed a few beers while we waited. . . Pros:.  - For the price, the dinner was actually pretty darn good. Steak, potato, and green beans and a beer. Nothing was spectacular, but nothing was bad, either.. - My husband's request for a steak "as rare as you can legally serve it to me" was actually honored! Quite frequently, places like this serve everything at a chewy medium well. Ellis Island actually served all the steaks at our table the way they were requested. Thisis the big reason for 4 over 3 stars.. - The beer was actually good! All of the different varieties actually tasted different.. . Cons: . - It's an old, small, casino. So it's smoky as heeellll.. - Service was pretty slow, but considering how packed the place was, and how obviously hard the servers and staff were working. I was still happy to tip well.. - The atmosphere is a little on the dim  and depressing side.
I ate here twice in the span of two days in Vegas and ordered the exact same thing...that speaks for itself!. . The first day was a harrowing beginning as we got there at 10:30pm but the 5.99 steak didn't awaken till 11. We didn't get seated until 11:15 or so, which was quite annoying, infuriating, and repulsive, especially considering how empty the place was and how aloof the employees were.... . Upon sitting, my group of 8 people all ordered our respective 5.99 steak deals. Took at least half an hour for the plates to come out and when they did, two orders were messed up. . . Service aside, the steak was very good for 5.99. Not gourmet stuff but extremely good for 5.99, especially with the eggs, taters, and toast, which was particularly good/buttery for some reason.. . Service was better the second night I came, we were seated immediately and food came out much faster. Guess service is hit or miss! It wasn't crowded either night.. . This place is a must go for those of us on a budget but still looking for quality eats, before or after Vegas shenanigans. It's open all night basically so keep it in mind for your late night needs.
Beer is awesome! Food is a russian roulette! Seems to be a very popular and busy place. Drinking at the bar is my favorite thing to do with my Vegas Chain gang and pretty reasonable! Too smokey for my taste but after a few beers it less bothersome,  lol! Dinner is ok, but very busy so you might have to wait longer for seating and eating but reasonably priced.
Every time we come to Vegas this is the 1st place we stop and the only place we hang out! Love the people and the atmosphere. The Beer is very good and priced just right. Food was good to.
what a find this place was , had the steak special thats not on the menu someone  just told me to ask for it . Really really  nice and only seven dollers we called in a few times after that .the true yorkshireman coming out of me.get it darn thee neck..
FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE.. . Have gone here every time I've been in Vegas since I first went to Vegas seven years ago, and will continue to go there any chance I get.. . The food is just such a good deal.  You can't beat the prices for what you get anywhere in town.. . Don't expect anything fancy.  This place is the antithesis of the new, modern places on the strip.  But the people are decent, the tables are cheap (all $5) and it's a good place to go to escape the bougie folks if you just want to grab some grub and play some craps.. . I took my parents here for their first time just this past month and they enjoyed themselves, too.  Not to mention my family won a couple hundred bucks on the craps table!  We'll be back soon!
We were referred by a friend and I must say if you are hungry for a juicy steak and eggs this is the place to come, this is the best tender juicy steak I've had, we were seated in less then 15 mins, for the price we paid it's well worth it less than $14 meal and drink, I give 4 stars just because there's no drink menu
The parking sucks but besides that this place is super cool!! Cheap food and beer! Hmmm shots are not so cheap... but thats all i have to complain about! The Karoke was lots of fun!
So I'm staying at the Holiday Inn off the strip for work. My budget is pretty tight, and there really isnt much in walking distance that seems all too appetizing...enter yelp's greta reviews of Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.. . Only a 10 minute walk up the block from where I'm staying, the unassuming roadside casino looks way seedier than the inside lets on...well kindof, the low light, smoky electronic casino with a few craps/blackjack tables isnt exactly Atlantic City.. . Of course, the review is about the food - $15 gets you 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 a chicken with 2 pieces of garlic bread, 2 pieces of corn, chili, and cole slaw. I ate this about 3 hours ago and I'm still totally stuffed. The ribs were delicious, and the corn was cooked so perfectly - it fell right off the cob. The rest of the food was a notch below these 2 things, but really no major complaints. . . I wasnt a huge fan of their BBQ sauce, it's a little too sweet not enough smoke, but it was still very tasty. I think it would work great with pulled pork.. . I'd be back here again, I know I will be by the end of the week to try out the rest of their food.. . Ohh and the beer is pretty good and VERY cheap.
Wow this place is fun!  The beer is good and the prices are cheap!  It's actually refreshing to come and chill, sing karaoke and play the slots.
Ellis Island Casino is an old school casino that brings me back to childhood when I visited Vegas with my parents. There was a wait here when I last came here with my group for late night around 11 pm. The steak and eggs is still good but the quality is not as consistent. Some days the steak is cooked just right, other times it's a little over cooked. The size of the steak does not seem consistent either. However, for the price, I can't complain. I still haven't tried the prime rib dinner yet. That's on my to eat list the next time I'm here.
Several years ago a cab driver told us about Ellis Island & we've been regulars on each of our Vegas trips.  OH YEA, it's a funky place, in between the Motel 8 & a 7/11 but they have an amazing bbq restaurant with just about the best baby back ribs you can get anywhere & the prices are incredible.  when they open at 4pm on any day, there's a line to get in & at 6:30p there can be a 1hr wait for a table.  They've recently moved the BBQ restaurant to the back where it's a much nicer space.  Waiters are all fantastic & when you get the players card, you get add'l discounts.  (one needed per table) I don't recall the prices, but they're lower than anywhere else.  Easy parking outside.
Great place for cheap beer and its brewed there hef for $2 and $1 during happy hour. I don't drink beer but my man liked it. And for you non-alcoholics who are naturally high on life they brew their own rootbeer! the best I ever had. I recommend it for groups who are looking to drink cheap beer eat greasy food and socialize very low-key a lot of locals. I tried the ellis island chicken it was tasty and huge portions
This place is an absolute MUST whenever I'm in Vegas. Just writing this review makes me dream and drool about their chicken fried chicken... yum.... . The prices are insanely low and you get a TON of food. $12.99 will get you a steak & a beer! Their deals are fabulous and you get way more than you pay for. I seriously don't know how they do it, but please, keep it up!. . The casino and restaurant are not the greatest by far, but you'll get cheap tables ($5 craps anyone?) and there's plenty to do while you wait for dinner (and trust me, you'll be waiting for at least an hour to be seated). Ellis Island is not far from The Strip, so if you don't have a car, a cab ride will not cost you much at all plus you'll be saving so much money on dinner.. . Even though I've been here a couple times, I never go with any expectations, so I am always beyond satisfied with my experience at Ellis Island!
On my annual roadtrip to Vegas with my family (yeah I'm classy like that) we almost always go straight to Ellis Island for dinner. Originally we went for $6 steak dinner (not on the menu) and $1 draft beer. Since then, prices have raised- beers are now $2/pint at the bar, and $2.50 at the table. I in no way believe that's expensive, just pointing it out. Also- the steak special is now $12, unless you have a coupon, which you can only get if you have a player's card. With the coupon it's $9 or so. So keep that in mind when you come. . . Honestly the steak is pretty good but on our last trip, we ate here two times and I got different items instead. Once I got the chicken and rice pilaf, I can't remember the exact name. It was excellent- sauteed chicken breast, spinach, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms on top of pilaf. It also came with salad. The next time I got "no carb fried chicken" which is just fried chicken without breading, and I will say that this made me rethink fried chicken completely. It was without a doubt much better than most fried chicken I've ever had, specifically because the skin was able to get very crispy not being battered, and the meat was incredibly moist and flavorful due to the skin being on. . . We've definitely had some colorful visits here, and sometimes the food has been not as good. The steak can be chewy and tough at times, and once my father literally choked on it (like, there was a line of people giving him the Heimlich maneuver). However I think he blames it on his lack of chewing, not the food, since he happily returns here for the steak. I realize that's a bizarre endorsement but hey, it's gotta count for something. Our most recent visit, it was right after my birthday and right before my mother's birthday and our waiter brought us a free slice of their chocolate cake. Normally I wouldn't care much about free chocolate cake, but this was fantastic. It was also made in house and really made me see their desserts in a different light. The BBQ, pizza and deli options here are also very good, so I would happily come back here on my next trip, and if you want a good cheap meal, I would recommend others come here as well.
Steak and eggs !!! It took a while to get our food and the french toast sucked but it was well worth it for a 10oz steak for $5.99. This is a must stop place in Vegas if you want to eat steak and eggs like a champ.
After a long day of dancing at a day club, night club, gambling, and drinking, the $5.99 steak and eggs sounds like heaven in your mouth at 4am!. . Some say you get what you paid for, but that is definitely not the case at Ellis Island because the $5.99 steak and eggs tasted pretty good too! I ordered mine medium rare and that was exactly how I got it, although some friends ordered medium rare and got their steaks closer to medium. The food  was actually more than I could finish so I had to ask my bf to help me out with the rest which he gladly obliged and goobled it all down. Not only do you get steak and eggs, it comes with perfectly cooked potatoes and wheat toast on the side. I think awhile back the combo even came with a beer but they stopped offering that now. I seriously don't know how they stay in business with the awesome prices! . . While we ate we also heard karaoke in the adjacent room and if you are a beginner blackjack player I heard they have cheap $5 tables where you can practice your blackjack skills at. Overall, Ellis Island is a great place to hang out if you are on the budget in Vegas and want some cheap thrills and food.
Whenever I come to Vegas I always make a point of visiting Ellis Island. I seem to do most of my gambling here, but there's way more to Ellis Island than that.. . Food. . Metro Pizza (local chain) has a counter here. They have whole pizza and pizza by the slice, and Thursdays and Sundays feature BOGO free deals.. . Their restaurant is open 24/7. The vegetable omelet really hit the spot late night (or was it early morning?) The fish and chips were just OK. If you eat red meat, I hear good things about the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast and the $7.99 steak dinner.. . Drink. . $2.00 20 ounce microbrews. Yes, you read that correctly! They brew on the premises and the IPA is my favorite. They also have hard lemonade which I haven't tried yet.. . They have a karaoke bar which is quite popular. I was there for a while and I never got to take the stage, but maybe my song got tossed (Sid Vicious' version of "My Way" might not have gone over very well).. . Gambling. . $5 blackjack and craps tables. Well, one craps table that you may have to get them to open. I was doing pretty well last time but they shut down at 1:00 am. That's why I'm docking them a star.. . They also have full pay Jacks or Better video poker. If you haven't played, it's a mellow, low-stakes game that you can learn at your own pace. Why pay $2 for a beer when they'll serve you for free?. . OK, so Ellis Island may lack the glamour of the Strip casinos. Do you want to actually have fun while you gamble? Do you need $5 tables and $1 video poker? The only way you can't have a good time here is if you lose all of your money. Don't do that. Bet with your head, not over it.. . Good luck!
great place never heard of it i decided to stop by since it was close to my hotel i liked it alot old place but good food i was surprise not expensive at all great place to eat check it out
Will make sure to stop at this joint every time I come to Vegas. Got a steak dinner for $8, with a beer, soup, and a baked potato. Very good deal
The meal deals here are dirt cheap! =). . Check out their menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/ellis/dining.html. . Waitress was very nice & sweet; made us feel like we were very welcomed here.. . Got the special Steak & Eggs deal: AWESOME deal in all of Vegas! =). . The steak was tender, juicy, yummy; just perfectly cooked.;). . Service: A. . Food: B+. . Atmosphere: C (typical old dimly lit casino with smell of cigarettes everywhere). . Thank you Aaron L. for recommending this place! =)
So much fun! It's a little ways off the strip, but if you're looking for a mostly pleasant atmosphere and decent food for a great price, I recommend it. The karaoke in the lounge was a blast!
I was looking for something reasonably cheap since I spent a ton of money the night before on dinner. This place looks like it hasnt been remodeled since it opened back in the late 60's, lol.. . Anyway, I ordered the Meatball pazone. It was a bit greasy, but it tasted so damn good. I got full eating the thing. The side of fries were also good. Not overdone or oily.. . If your looking for something late night or cheap, come here. Food is good, the service good and can't beat the price.
During a 4-day stint in Vegas my friends and I found ourselves here EVERY night, lol. Why? Well, it's got good cheap eats, cheap gambling, and free karaoke--are you sensing a pattern here? I ate two meals here and both were solid: chicken fried steak on one occasion and the fish & chips on another. VERY generous portions and stick-to-your ribs good. Another good option if you get before before midnight is the pizza; as with everything else in this place, it's cheap and good. And the $2 beer! It's the kind of Vegas value you don't see very often anymore. I'm definitely a fan and I believe it'll have to be a stop every time I find myself in Vegas. Apparently they take the Ellis Island motto of "Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor, Your Huddled Masses" to heart!
My mom and I came here for breakfast after seeing it on Yelp.  We had the steak and eggs for $5.99.  The steak was very tasty, what a bargain!  We came back for dinner twice.  One time we ate at the restaurant and everything was really good.  The other time we went for the barbecue . . . Amazing.  Delicious!  Love the down home ness.  The beer is also really good and SO cheap!
For years, this has been home to an off-menu $7.99 steak & microbrew special. I've been coming to this dump (and I mean that in the most loving way possible) for a quality steak and beer brewed on the premises for at least 10 years.. . Those days have come to an end.. . You can still get a better steak than you'd expect in a somewhat run-down coffee shop that's just a little too far to be walking distance off the Strip, but you now have to work for it a little bit. Step 1: sign up for the players card. Step 2: play at least a dollar with the club card. Step 3: go to a kiosk, swipe your card, and print a voucher for a $8.99 steak & microbrew. Then go eat. . . On my last visit I hadn't known that the off-menu special was now off the off-menu and the waitress was kind enough to give me an extra voucher to use, but you can't always count on them being able to help you out. The meal is worth the extra hoops to jump through. If you're not a drinker, you can get a house-made root beer in place of a microbrew. . . The EI also has cheap pizza, cheap ribs, and a cheap steak and eggs special if you don't want to deal with the players card. The restaurant is frequently busy because it's cheap and good. But the place is a total dump. You won't impress your date here.. . If you want to party like a total low-roller, you have to go to the EI at least once.
We all like dive bars right? Well I gotta like a dive casino too... . . This is a perfect example... What could be more fun while in lost wages than that? They have the basic table games, slots, grub, etc. But they don't have a $25 min per bet and let you just enjoy things a bit more. Want to win a free jug of beer at blackjack? Well then you need to bet $10 per hand... fun little incentive there isn't it?. . Pro Tip: Hell you can nap at a restaurant table if you need to after clubben n grubben!. . They have a karaoke bar, a pizza parlor, a diner (the aforementioned sleeping zone =Z). I mean what more could you want... wait you want lower prices? Fine its pretty cheap here, so we got you covered... something else also??? Argh! How about a giant roundabout bar in the middle of the gaming area?. . Seriously this joint while being only a city block off the strip, is full of fun chit at cheap rates and provides a wonderous nightcap. There is even an attached motel for those who can no longer drive. What more do you want? I don't know but I was here every day for an hour or 3 on my last trip to lost wages... cray cray I know but so what its fun, especially at 4am or whatever ridiculous hour it was when I last rolled into this joint. . . I just had fun here and liked the chill crowd, fun peoples and games. Everyone in our group just about thought this place rocked also.
One of the Best MicroBrews in Las Vegas. The brew is set inside the Ellis Island Casino along with their restaurant and Karaoke Br. All around favorite of mine.
Divey and delicious BBQ.  This is a great alternative to the high-end/expensive restaurants on the strip and a great place to relax  with a cold beer made in the adjoining micro-brewery.  There are only three menu choices: ribs, chicken, or chicken and ribs, and you get a $3 discount by getting a players card at the casino.  The drinks are inexpensive and the atmosphere laid back, but what more would you expect from a casino located right next to the Motel 6.  Don't expect too much in terms of atmosphere but do expect a good time and good food.
The best friends I have in Vegas mean everything to me.  The best friends in Vegas can do no wrong in my eyes.  The best friends in Vegas LOVE Ellis Island and that makes me love it too.  We planned a short stay-cation on Friday and thought this was the perfect place for a dine in dinner.  I've been here before and knew what to expect...and was ready!. . Ellis Island is a small casino on Koval and Flamingo.  It's a little outdated but busy with locals and tourists.  The casino is a little smokey and the carpet makes the place look dated.  The restaurant in the casino is no different.  Dark maroon booths, wooden tables and lots of printed carpets.  The one thing I can appreciate is the wait for a table.  There's always a wait.  Tells me that this place is worth checking out.  On this visit, our server was a little creepy.  He kept winking at us and stared us down, but in the end, hooked us up big time.  . . For dinner, we got the steak dinner (which is not on the actual menu...it's on their secret menu!)  for $8.99.  It's usually $11.99 unless you have their players card.  Although the card is free, we didn't have one, but our server actually gave us the discount anyway.  That's how he hooked us up!  This meal comes with a thick cut of steak, mine cooked medium rare, choice of potato, I chose the baked potato, and garlic green beans.  This meal also comes with your choice of their in house brewed beers.  I chose the light beer, equivalent to a bud light.  The steak resembled a filet but only the look!  It was still delightful and a thick cut of meat.  Juicy and cooked just the way I like it.  The baked potato was just served with butter and sour cream.  Where's the chives?!?!  I loved the green beans.  Seems blanched with nice sized pieces of garlic.  Super good.  The beer was refreshing and perfect for the meal. . . The one thing I love about my best friends in Vegas is the fact that they are so humble about the places they frequent.  They've turned me onto this place and the rest is history.  In my opinion, it's almost a five star.  I just can't give it that, as the places I've given five stars to before is in a whole other league.  Trust me though, I will be coming back to this place over and over again.  It's worth every last penny!
This little casino has one of the best deals that you can probably get near the strip.  It's not walking distance but it would be a very short cab ride.  Inside the place is dark, a little dingy and kind of ghetto coming from staying at Encore but surprisingly busy.  Back to the deal, all you need is someone to sign up for the players card and they will get a coupon for the whole table to enjoy a $9 dinner of Sirloin steak, baked potato, garlic green beans and a beer. Freaking crazy deal! . . Our server Eugene was extremely friendly and gave us some tips on what to do with our time there and didn't make a stink face when I sent my overcooked steak back for another one.  My 2nd steak was a perfect medium rare and at $9 was better than I expected.   The other sides weren't anything special but better than nothing.  . . While you're waiting get a $2 beer at the bar.
Yummy, tummy-satisfying meal without breaking your bank account. LOVE! My boyfriend and I found our way to Ellis Island thanks to yelp. Totally would have missed this nice little gem without the help of yelp f'sure.. . +King Cut Prime for $12.99! I mean how cheap is that?! Glorious price considering it's a prime rib meal.. in VEGAS. The prime rib was cut in generous portion and I had hard time finishing half my meal with all the sides that came with.. +The prime rib comes with soup or salad AND root beer or tall glass of beer. Yes, you heard me right. A tall glass of beer! Ellis Island, I love you. When we went, the soup of the day was cream chicken soup so we opoted for that and it was delish! My tall glass of amber beer was good too! The meal automatically comes with green beans cooked in garlic. yums!. +You can also add baked potato for additional $1 charge. You can load the potato with sour cream and butter to your liking. Yee.. +Waiter and waitresses at Ellis Island are sweethearts. They always remind you to get the player's card there so we can get a $1 off coupon for our entree!. +All the other items here are reasonably priced. Will definitely venture out to other dishes next time.. . -The only downside is that this place is unnoticable. It's located behind Bally's so it's only a street down from the strip but I never really noticed it before even though I've passed by it bajillon of times. I don't think I would have chosen to stop by here on my own will if it wasn't for yelp... . My boyfriend and I have decided we'll visit Ellis Island every time we come to Vegas from now on. Two thumbs up!
Best prime rib dinner ever! If you're looking for lots of food at a great price, look no further!
Purely for the value:  5 Stars.  If you like ribs, you won't find a better value anywhere.  A full rack for $16.95 ($13.95 if you're a players club member).  Comes with bread and corn on the cob.  The bread isn't worth the bother but everything else is good.  Wash it down with one of Ellis Island's own brewed beers and you're well on the way to satisfaction!  . . The gambling is good (they even have a few table games) and their Karaoke is the best in town (they DO need to beef up their music selection - they don't have ANY Tupac.  I classify Ellis Island as a hole in the wall... don't come here if you are the "strip" type.  Come here to get the gambling, good food and fun for less than half the price of the strip... and only a couple blocks away!
2 slices of greasy pepperoni pizza and a craft hef $8. Growlers $13 with $7.50 refills. Best deal in Vegas. Right behind the strip next to a super 8 motel.
Love the country fried steak and eggs.  The service is very good. What I like best about the restaurant is the quality of the food and the price of the meal.  The price you pay for the meal is very good and the quality is very high.  I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed.  They are located east of the strip and behind Bally's on Koval st.  One of my favorite stops to eat when I come to Las Vegas.
It took 5 years to finally get here!!!  What a surprise.  We had a party of 6 and were immediately seated.  We all signed up for the player cards so we could get the steak special.  WHAT A DEAL !!!!  Steak was delicious and very tender. Baked potato was huge and very tasty. Salad was very big and fresh.  The beer was OCTOBERFEST and was fabulous....SERVICE SUPERB....this would be a 5 star rating EXCEPT for the dinner rolls - they were like chewing rubber and had no flavor.......HOWEVER:  I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK '!!!!!!!!!
My first time trying steak and eggs in Vegas! Although my review may be a little distorted... due to the late hour of our visit and other things, I really liked the steak and eggs here! It was $5.99 for a decent sized sirloin cooked to your preference served with toast and eggs. The restaurant was pretty busy at 4am, but we didn't have to wait for a table which was nice. I really wouldn't expect anything more or less from a steak and eggs run!
I come here strictly for the ribs meal.  It's such a great deal and so much food.  The ribs are yummy, not amazing, but very very good.   The sides are okay.  The star is clearly the ribs.. . I love that they made the space larger.  Less waiting time.. . A must for a bargain meal in Vegas.
The food was great!!!! The staff was very attentive. They really went the extra mile to make sure we were taken care of. The Steak and Shrimp combo were excellent and reasonably priced at $11.49. I highly recommend this restaurant to locals as well as tourists. The only issue I had was that I went with a group and we were not able to receive separate checks.
If you like good food this is the place it doesnt have great ambiance and the casino cigarette smoke is horrible while you wait for your table but the good cheap food is worth it. There prime rib and NY style stake is my favorite but when I say medium well they cook it very well and the steak lose the juice so I started ordering medium rare. If you are with friends and want good food this is the right place. They also give u free appetizer soup or salad you cant beat that
Hey not too shabby though our waitress was kinda cranky. But you probably would be too if you worked around cheapskates like me for the past 35 years. . . Definitely an adventure and worth the hike. No we did not get sick. Would go back again.
this place is seriously a must if youre in vegas and have late night drunchies (which is   bound to happen). good food and its CHEAP! .  . seriously where can you get prime rib and a large glass of beer for about $10?? thats a win in my book already! last time i went i got the chicken fried chicken and was soooo utterly satisfied with my meal. the gravy they used was delicious and you get a huge chunk of battered chicken! my friends ordered different things but they all said mine was the best one. . . service here is wonderul. i forgot our waitresses name but she was so nice and sweet!
Was it just only me or the $4.99 late night Steak & Egg got increased to $5.99.. . Even at the $5.99, it is still a good deal and very tasty. Well, anything after 3AM and a long time of clubbing tasty.. . I would recommend to take a cab there because the area is dark and without sidewalk at night
In search of a new local brewery to get some great craft beers now, since Main Street 777 sucks, I found Ellis Island Casino. I have been in Vegas over 15 years and have never been in here mainly becauseI thought the place was a dump. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. This casino is fairly nice inside, not what I was expecting at all. The microbrews are all very good, and at $2 for a 20oz draft, you can't beat that. The reward club is equally great. I got a free $10 in slot play just for signing up. The cafe offers a steak dinner with a beer for something like $8.99. The food was decent and a great value for what you get. I have been back 3 times already and love this place. A really cool place to have a few beers and relax.
If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably be 50 lbs. overweight with all the buffets and cheap (but good) eats everywhere in this desert town. . . By the power of Yelp, we found something off-the-beaten-path that only the locals know about and a few tourists willing to venture out here. It's located just off The Strip, but pretty far enough to get away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. . . This is old-school Vegas at its finest. . . The cafe is located on the corner of this casino with old, dark, rustic wood panels that reminds you of those classic movies from the 50's and 60's. It's definitely uniquely charming in it's own way. She ain't pretty, in fact she's pretty ugly...but beautiful nonetheless. . . Vegas is known for many things, and Steak & Eggs is certainly one of them. Wifey and I were looking for a late-night place to grab some grub and this place lit up as bright as all of Vegas' neon signs combined. . . How could you go wrong with a $5.99 Steak & Eggs special? You simply can't. This is unlike those $5.99 Steak & Eggs specials from Denny's, IHOP's and Reno. It doesn't even come close. . . So the special runs from 11:00 PM to 07:00 AM. It's perfect for a town that doesn't sleep. They also make their own brew.. . The one thing I was not expecting from a joint like this was exceptional service. The place is not a dump, it ain't first class either; and certainly not a place where one would expect great service. Our server, Rosie, was superb. Loved everything about her, especially her English accent. . . Besides their $5.99 Steak & Eggs special, she recommended the Prime Rib ($13.99) as they only had a few cuts left and we better get them before they are 86'd. Wifey and I decided to share, and Rosie said that it comes with a 20 oz. beer. . . SOLD!!!. . I ordered the 10 oz. Steak & Eggs ($9.99) while Wifey ordered the special, and the Prime Rib with a side of salad. Rosie threw in the soup of the day for good measure. This place did not disappoint one bit as the steaks were cooked to perfection with all the tenderness and juiciness one would expect from a medium rare steak. But I was in for another surprise as I cut a piece of the Prime Rib and the flavor just hit me like Manny Pacquiao's left hook. Rosie was right. . . Had we had more time in this town, we surely would have returned for an encore performance. But alas, that would have to wait until we're in Vegas again.
It is a straight retro from the older Vegas era. Dark and low key. A great break from the loud & bright modern Vegas. . They have great beers, personally the STOUT is the best option. $2 for a cold 24oz mug doesn't get any better. The food is good and priced to match. Don't be in a hurry, while the staff is very friendly, it takes forever to get anything.. . . They have plenty of 1 slots to kill time on.
$2.25 root beers, bomb ass tasty fish n chips! $8.99!
just a block away from the main strip you can feast like a king for under $20.  I had a 16oz prime rib, served with choice of sides and a salad AND a 16oz beer for $13.99  CRAZY DEALS!. . The casino floor itself is very old and dingy, so is the restaurant itself but perhaps that's why you can get such a great deal on the food because you're not paying for all the overhead.
Love this place. . . i come here every time I am in Vegas. The prices are fair and the food is good. The location is slightly off the strip but it is easy to get to. They haven't updated their air filtration system so it smells like what Vegas would smell like if they didn't pump perfumed air into the casinos. But aside from the old decor, and the smell of cigarettes and shame, I love this place and highly recommend it.
Ellis Island is a little off-the-Strip Vegas gem! My friend who lives in Vegas took me here to watch the UCLA USC game during Thanksgiving weekend. We got a seat at the bar, got a couple beers (did you know they brew their own beers? I didn't know this until I got there, and they're only $2!), and cheered the Bruins until halftime!. . It's a pretty chill casino compared to all the hustle and bustle of the strip. The bartenders were nice and accommodating in changing the TVs for us to watch the game.. . Apparently, the food is is not bad either.. perhaps I'll come back to try the steak, but I'm def glad I got to explore this placeas a chiller alternative to the Strip.
Great food at cheap prices. Good selection of brews. Gaming is limited and the place can often reek but hey, it is what is is. Grab a meal and go!. . Short walk from the strip
If you wanna feel fulfilling at a reasonable price. This is the right place to go. The premium steak was juicy and huge! A must-go in Vegas. The only problem is it is too popular, need to wait for a while before you can get in.
Shhh don't tell. This is likely one of the best meal deals in Vegas! . . It's not on the strip, so you will need to drive or *gasp* WALK yourself over here! It was not a pleasant walk in the sun, and I had the foresight to wear flip flops so I spent a good portion of my walk looking at the ground and avoiding the scary fire ants. The view on the walk over here isn't great, so I wasn't missing out on much.. . The interior of the casino isn't great either and the restaurant looks a bit run down, but don't let that fool you. The food here is decently priced, good portioned, and pretty tasty. Our server was wonderful! She was personable, knowledgeable about the menu, and had just the right amount of conversation to  keep you happy, but give you the privacy to eat. . . We went with the prime rib, and it was such a good deal for so much food! The meal came with two sides and a glass of their homemade root beer, which I was quite fond of. . . I'm looking forward to stopping by again the next time I'm in town.
