[I should have written my review right after I stayed at Mandalay but I'm a bit delayed on my blogging.]. . I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Mandalay Bay in the early part of December 2010.  Over the many visits I've made to Vegas, I never intended to stay at Mandalay due to its location but because the room was comped and didn't feel like paying up to stay closer to the strip, I went with Mandalay.  . . First impressions:  beautiful exterior and interior architecture throughout the property.  Attributes both theme and classic Vegas styles.  . . Check-In. . I arrived at the resort on a Friday late afternoon right around the time when check-in generally begins.  It wasn't as crowded as I was expecting so maybe I just got lucky.   The agent clearly directed my way toward the elevators and a few great tips and onward headed toward the room.. . The Room. . Before heading my way toward Vegas, I took a sneak peak at oyster.com website where it shows the actual picture of the room I had reserved.  Clearly, it seemed right on so I wasn't disappointed when I entered.  Nice layout and fairly spacious.  . . The Gaming Area. . Pretty spacious and large.  Seemed pretty ordinary compared to theother properties.  Definitely more high limit than others but that's definitely expected.  . . Restaurants. . Can't say at all because I didn't dine at any of the restaurants on-site.. . ... now, the negative comments. . I love everything about Mandalay after my first experience, HOWEVER it's pretty far from the center strip area (4 corners--Caesars/Bellagio/Flamingo/Bally's-Paris) area.  I really don't spend much time in the room unless I'm with a significant other :p  but besides that, I'm usually hanging out toward the center strip area so the walk/cab ride is a bit unfriendly.  I also wish there was some sort of direct monorail system from Mandalay to City Center or to Bellagio instead of taking the tram from Mandalay to Luxor, walk across to MGM and take the tram from thereafter.  . . So the question is would I stay there again?  Perhaps if I'm able to get it comped.  Location is far more important for me than the quality of the room or hotel.  I'd have to weigh all of the options then.. . Overall Grade: A / A-
Mandalay Bay is outstanding. The women who checked us in, Rosa, was super nice, jovial and generous. The room was great and fairly cheap considering the quality.. . The restaurants were delicious. We ate at Raffles a few times. It has a solid menu (although somewhat expense) and great staff. Red, white and blue has some good, cheap sandwiches if you need a quick bite.. . Pool and hot tub are great too.
Great service!  The people at check-in are extremely helpful, the rooms are great, the casino itself is well taken care of...and they have the Lion King!  I didn't get to see it, because they weren't showing a few days before Christmas, but am keeping that on my list of musicals I'm waiting to see!
This is a fab hotel for exploring the party side of Vegas (is there any other?), but beware the lack of coffee pots in the room! Bring your S'Bux Via and ask for a coffee mug for your room. . . Tiny bottles of water are $4 in the room, but your choices are better in the lobby gift shop.
My only qualm with this hotel is that it is so far down on the strip.  Other than that its a great stay.. . The pricing is reasonable, and the view is very pretty.  I really liked the rooms here and the bathroom was large with an inviting tub that I soaked in each night I stayed here.  Unfortunately when I stayed here I was only 20 and could not partake in the games, but I did take advantage of the pool!  The wave pool is fun and if you time it right you can ride the wave into the 'shore'.  The lazy river is okay- I wasnt a huge fan as the waterfall knocked me off my tube twice, and drunk fools were making fun of me.  Bah!. . Great food options here at Mandalay Bay as well as the shark reef.  I really liked Aureole (i'll save that review for later).. . Also this hotel connects to Luxor and Excalibur so there's a lot to explore.
I was checking my email and noticed an email from Mandalay Bay. They wanted to give me a free night on New Years Eve. I had to read it twice to make sure I was reading it correctly. We didn't have real plans for New Years so what the heck and what better place to spend NYE then in Vegas.. . We checked in at 6, I expected a line because of NYE, nope just an employee there greeting me and advising there was someone ready to check me in. Check in was quick, they had the room I requested.. . The room was good size, not huge, not small, comfortable. The bathroom was huge though with a 15 in tv. Seperate shower and bathtub. There is another door where the toilet is. I hope you don't get claustrophobic, kinda small in there. The beds were comfortable. Nice 42 in flat screen. Everything seemed clean and up to par.. . One complaint I have was the elevator situation, there was a line to get in the elevator. Then coming down from our room, we must have waited 15 minutes because the 4 elevators that stopped were full. I don't know if it was because of NYE or if its like that all the time.. . The only restaurant we tried was Raffles Cafe for breakfast. It was good, would go back.. . It was cold out so weren't able to check out the pool, one of the main reasons to stay there. We will have to go back in the summer to check it out.. . Again, not a fan of the mandatory resort fee. It should just be included in the price. And what you get for with the resort fee most hotels give that stuff to you for free.. . Compared to the other alleged four star hotels I've stayed at on the strip (NYNY and T.I.) I think Mandalay Bay is a true four star property. . . If the hotel wasn't so far down on the strip, it would probably be my preferred hotel when I stay in Vegas.
If this hotel wasn't too pricey, I would stay here a lot more often. The rooms are really nice (especially the Jacuzzi suite). The pool area is really more of a water park. The downside of this water park is that it can get extremely crowded (those not staying at the hotel can pay a fee to use the pools). But all in all, I can't really say anything bad about this hotel except some of the other hotel guests can be a little stuck up but oh well. That's a given at a nicer hotel.
This is a 2 part Review based on the 2 very different types of stays that I have had at Mandalay Bay. . 1. Girls weekend, in the summer. I could probably just stop there, but that wouldn't be much of a review. We got into Vegas late and ended up partying late, so by the time we crawled into bed, we were exhausted! However, that didn't stop Cecilia C. from popping out of bed like a freakin jack in the box, "WHAT THREAD COUNT ARE THESE SHEETS?!" . You would think that Mary C. and I would dismissthis absurd outburst and go to bed, but we are much better friends than that, so there we were at 2-4am (it's all kind of a blur) looking for the tag with the thread count. I really don't remember what the count was or if we ever found it, but I know that next time we stay at M.B, Cecilia is bringing her own sheets. For the record, the sheets are stiff, but I think if we would have given Cecilia one more shot before bed, she wouldn't have noticed. . The room otherwise was very nice. I loved the separate soaking tub and took advantage of it any chance I could. . Pool! We absolutely LOVED the beach area. We got up about 10 minutes before the beach opened and threw our suits on. We didn't intend on staying all day, but we sure did! We got front row seats to the wave pool and it was amazing. Very relaxing. We took a dip in the lazy river with our over priced tubes and drank our overpriced alcohol. Mary C. and I tried out the Ice bar later that night and had an interesting experience. If Rodrigo still works there and hasn't been picked up by the Circus, you should hang with him, he's a more than sufficient bartender. . . 2. Family Time: M.B is a great choice if you're toting some kids around. Why? Well, the kids LOVE the pool, beach, lazy river, aquarium and there are plenty of kid friendly eating options in the hotel. My kids think the room is amazing because they can watch cartoons while they take a bath. . My only complaint is that while I had my son (who is a toddler) in the shallow section of the pool, the lifeguard kept blowing his whistle insistently at this couple who were about 10 feet from us. They were having sex in the pool. Seriously, quit blowing your whistle and yell at them or something. I really think the hotel could have been sued for as many children that were around when that happened and the life guard let it go entirely too long.. . So all in all I would recommend Mandalay Bay for girls weekend or family time, the staff is friendly, helpful and the hotel is clean...except for maybe the pool....
* This is a HUGE hotel/casino. You will find many restaurants, lounges, and shops here.. . * You can take the tram to the Luxor or Excalibur after you get bored with Mandalay Bay or you can walk to the Luxor since it's connected.. . * I just don't get the whole Shark reef exhibit. Who really wants to see sharks in the middle of desert and pay almost $20 for it?
Really enjoyed our stay here for a short weekend in Vegas.  Although it is at the south end of the strip it had easy access with the free tram that runs through the Luxor and Excalibur.  The restaurants that we tried here were all really good.  I like that they have an aquarium in case you get bored during the day.  Our room was on the 32nd floor with a spectacular view of the strip and lots of room to relax.  The furniture was modern but comfortable.  I'd say the most impressive part of the room was the bathroom.  It was huge!  Loved the soaking tub especially.  Overall, very nice place to stay and the service was reliable.  The only complaint was the hallway decor made it seem like the walls were moving...kind of trippy but that may have just been me.  Haha.  Will definitely consider this as an option for our next trip to Vegas.
Sure, it's at the end of the strip but Mandalay Bay remains one of my favorite hotels to stay at while in Vegas. . . Rooms are always great with wonderful, comfy beds. I'm a fan of down blankets/pillows and theirs are deluxe. . . And for some reason, I always seem to order room service when I stay here. I think it's because by the time we wake up from our "disco naps" we don't have much time to eat dinner before going out for the night. The food is always good--but you pay dearly for it. . . And then there are the pools. I love the lazy river, the "beach", and cabanas. . . It's the quintessential Vegas Hotel!
Pretty nice hotel to stay in. Service is outstanding, rooms are nice and big, and there's a tram you can take you  to get to Excaliber. . . The one thing I fell in love with was the flat screen television in the bathroom and the Mc Donalds across the street (there are no chain restaurants in the casino).. . Some of the things I disliked was  the beds was a little too soft for me and the drainage system in the shower and tub would sometimes back up. Im gald to say the shower and tub was NOT pooping stuff out.. . Overall the rooms are pretty descent and hotel is walking distance to the center of the strip.
great place to spend big paper!
All around a great place but I am not sure that it can still garner the same prices as the newer hotels on the strip. It doesnt look like the rooms have been updated since I stayed there 10 years ago and, although that isnt bad, you can't charge the same price as a brand new spot. . . The casino/restaurant area has been kept up to date for the most part. Some of the restaurants have been moved out while some of the staples are still there and still doing their thing. One of my favorite clubs back in the day, Rum Jungle, is no longer there. It was definitely a different place than most of the other cookie cuter clubs but it looks like they are in the process of renovating. . . They do have a REALLY nice casino bar/club right in the middle of the casino that seems like its the place to be in the middle of the night. The place was getting packed, the music was good as was the crowd. . . Overall I would stay here but only if the price was right.
Mandalay Bay. I haven't stayed here, but we came into town for the M.A.G.I.C show going on over here.. it's a very very nice hotel. Super fancy of course.. I hear they have an aquarium, which was pretty neat. I didn't see it personally. The prices here are outrageous, although I can't complain if you see the hotel you can see why.. I went into the store with my daughter while waiting for friends to get registered..to grab a drink. A bottle water or bottled soda is 3 bucks! I had no choice tho I was thirsty as heck.. . . The M.A.G.I.C show on the other hand was good.. it was very well organized somewhat..registering here was a b**** tho.. they had a lady in the front were my bf and friends were getting their badges an the lady couldn't type..she messed up the badges and I hear was just totally confused.. they reprinted the badges wrong.. but luckily we were still able to get in.. being in Mandalay Bay I would expect workers that actually know what they're doing.. I won't dock any stars for the hotel.. . Bottom Line: Nice classy hotel, expensive.. but probably well worth it.
This is still my favorite mid range casino.  The room rates are great for what you get.  This time I took advantage of the suite upgrade promotion.  For $104 I got a suite.  The room was nice and spacious.  The bathroom was nicely appointed, and quite large.  My only issue with the room was the couch in the living space was an odd shape that made sitting on it awkward.. . Mandalay also has several great food options, cool bars and a few decent shops.  One of these times I need to make my way to the pool, gym and spa.
Since Yelp wanted me to do a review (thanks to a check-in)..... . It's really more a 3.5, but Yelp doesn't let you do halves (I think it's a crime how you can't do zero).. . Today, I went here for the first time in, like, 4 years (which was for the NBA All Star Game Festivities) and I barely remembered what it was like inside. . It's huge, and very easy to get lost in. There are various water features located throughout the whole entire building and there's this weird wall next to the Aureole restaurant which has fragments of a nude female statue. . It's a more neutral, middle of the lane place. Hooray for no desperate edginess (see: Planet Hollywood) or desperate elegance (see: Wynn).. Also, since there isn't a separate listing for the theater, I'll review it here:. . The lobby for this theater is huge and beautiful. Inside the theater, there's really not a bad seat in the house and the acoustics are very good. The seats themselves sucked on the other hand. They were so uncomfortable and seem like they haven't been changed since the place originally opened. There is also so little room in the aisles that it's virtually mandatory to stand up when someone else needs to get in or out of their seat. Oh, and concessions are ridiculously overpriced.. . And that's about it. I don't really have a strong opinion of any sort about the Mandalay Bay.
i'm a big fan of mandalay bay. i recommend it to friends who need a reasonable price range on a hotel so they can get effed up all night long at the clubs. its a little down the strip but you can manage (theres a rail, cabs, etc).. . lazy river is sweet. rented a cabana for the day and it was very worth it. the beach is a unique idea.. you know, a beach in the desert.. i like.. . i wanna get to those sharks one day. cant quite justify paying $40.
Stayed here last weekend to catch The Lion King.  . . The hotel was nice, but I think their pictures on the site make it appear a lot nicer than it really is!  I like the fact that it's connected to Luxor, and Luxor being connected to Excalibur.  It makes it a lot easier to walk to the strip.  . . Oh! I also love the fact that they give you two free drinks per stay at any of the lounges located on the Casino floor.  We decided to grab drinks at Eyecandy and the bartender there was extremely friendly!
Best thing ever is being able to walk in, check in, and head up the elevators to your room without having to walk a trillion miles through a casino floor, a myriad of restaurants, and random assholes. . . I like all those things, but only after I'm all checked in and primped.
Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite strip hotels because as a local, I appreciate the easy access getting in and out of the hotel. Gotta love the Frank Sinatra Blvd entrance :). . Whenever family or friends are in town and want to come down to the strip to hang out and do some quick gambling we head over to Mandalay Bay. I love how they have spruced up the center bar. . . My husband and I have come to Mandalay Bay two years in a row for New Years Eve and enjoyed the atmosphere and the size of the crowd was not too crazy, so during NYE, this is a good place to be!. . I had the pleasure of staying at the hotel for my bachelorette party in April of 2010. The room was pretty nice and the bathroom was huge! I think we had a suite, not just a standard room...hard to remember with all that alcohol in our systems. At 3:30 am when we stumbled in from a night of dancing in painful high-heels, the spa tub was perfect for soaking our feet and having a champagne night cap!. . I highly recommend this hotel for tourists looking for a classy but not too expensive place to stay, and for locals who want to head over to the Boulevard but don't want to deal with driving on the strip :)
Came here for a convention.  Mandalay Bay is massive ... so much that it takes a while to get from my room to the convention center.  They have quite a selection of restaurants to choose from.  Starbucks is always overly packed.. . Loved that wi-fi was free and we had as many access ports as we need (I run a Mac with a VM which have separate IP addresses).. . I stayed in a suite with a great view and 2 bedrooms/bathrooms so that my friend and I didn't have to share.  First night here I swear a tornado blew threw town because the wind noise was so incredibly loud on the 26th floor and the windows and floorwere actually shaking.  Woke up in the middle of the night and it was gone. . . Shopping here is ok.  Best store is Metropark, but that's a chain and I can shop that at home.. . Overall, an enjoyable stay!!
Our spa suite was cool, nice and roomy!  I really liked my pillow!!  Before we left, I actually pulled the cover off to see what type it was, down etc.  I guess that's a starting point since I've been in search of a good pillow!  . . The spa was nice with its own jet system!  Aah!!  We almost overflowed the place with bubbles!  The bath beads didn't  seem to work so we squirted some of the shower gel, bubbles, bubbles, bubbles!!!  . . The bed, sheets and comforter were cozy.  Loved the contemporary, square couch!  Trendy touch!. . ~Casino dealers were friendly.  BJ tables were cool even though they took all my $$$$!!  :-(
Huge hotel, nice people staff, great food/shops for people to hang out at during the day as well as at night. If you aren't the clubbing type, this place has a wide assortment of other things to do. I was here for a recent convention and I found their convention center to be 1) Huge 2) Nice 3) Awesome.. . If you are in town and need to choose a hotel, I'd highly recommend Mandalay Bay :)
This place is huge and very clean. Great customer service at the front desk and concierge desk.. . The rooms itself are very spacious. The room we got had a nice view, which overlooked the pools. Two queen sized beds, a small table, a large flat screen tv, radio/alarm, and two closets.. . The bathroom is very nice. But the doors to it are weird. No locks or anything, they just close by a magnet, holding them in place, with a pretty decent sized gap between the double doors itself. A large bathtub with a jet system and a lone standing shower. The toilet itself has a little area.. . Only down side to this place is it's at the beginning of the strip and everything is located in the middle of the strip.
My boyfriend and I just got back from a recent trip to Vegas. We choose the Mandalay Bay because of the great deal we got on hotels.com. The customer service was excellentt and the concierge's desk was helpful. We did ask the concierge one day how to get to IN AND OUT BURGER because we thought it was close enough to walk. The girl working gave us directions and assured us it was only a short distance away. One hour later and tired we were on the complete opposite side of where the restaurant was located. We ended up getting a cab from another hotel over there. We didn't spend much time in our room but it was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was a little weird because none of the doors locked and did not have a vent in it. I loved the tub because I always enjoy taking baths. The towels had a weird odor to them that I found a little disguisting. I loved the pool though and the different restaurants in the hotel. Overall, we had a great experience and would recommend this hotel in the future.
After coming to Vegas the previous week for my birthday and staying at the palms, I was a little less impressed with the idea of coming to vegas to party and enjoying yourself like a king. Fast-Forward to 3/20/11, I arrive with the fam around from PHX after a long 5 hour drive we step into this compound of a hotel, with gold everywhere. Lavish interior, pretty females, and tons of bars and great food made me change my outlook on LV in just a few minutes. . . The room was big enough to hold four of us, and the hotel gave us a deal on some lion king tickets, and free drinks #Winning ! . . We only stayed for one night, but we spent the rest of the day gambling, drinking lol, and checking out some of the sights and other hotels (Luxor) wasn't impressed lol... . Anyways this hotel is bomb, with great views, big rooms, nice casino floor, doesn't smell like smoke and his great service. Definitely would stay here again! . 4 STARS
Great place to play and eat!!! The Hotel has nicer rooms but Mandalay is still good!!!
I really enjoyed my stay here. The hotel was beautiful, fun, laid back, and had a good group of guests.  The weather was great one of the days I was here so we hung out at the beach which had a good cover band playing all afternoon.  The wave pool looked awesome even though I didn't go in, and I definitely think this deserves to be on the best pools list.. . The hotel has an aquarium and tropical oasis theme.  The rooms were great- spacious with huge windows, although not the most luxurious in Vegas.  We had a group of 6 and they were able to accomodate adjoining rooms for us, and late checkout with no charge.. . Thank you to Carrie the Concierge!  She got us awesome tickets to "O" and we had a big group the day of the show.  Very friendly and accomodating, although the line to get to the concierge was half an hour long :(. . Downfalls include is having to pay per minute for internet access, and the location. We had to take cabs everywhere we wanted to go while staying here.
I really loved staying here. My boyfriend booked this hotel for our 6th year anniversary! I knew this hotel would definitely live up to my expectations! We came here during the weekend of spring break so I thought it would take us forever to check in. I was wrong! The check in was fast, efficient and easy! We went up to our room on the 24th floor and the room number was our our anniversary date (how did this even happen? loved it!) This hotel is truly amazing - it's clean, decorative and wonderful! . . You also get a free drink ticket at check in - but it's only for wells, domestic beer/wine. . . We also got the room which with the view of the pools. I'm pretty sure Mandalay Bay has the BEST pool on the strip!. . The bathrooms were super clean and the bed was very comfy. Besides the bed, there was also several couches, huge closet, and numerous drawers to put your clothes in! There's also a little safe box to put your belongings in. It's fairly tiny, your laptop wouldn't fit in there! There's a huge TV in the bedroom and mini tv in the bathroom.. . Some mornings, we stayed in so we would put "relaxing" on the door knob. And the maids do pay attention and they will not knock or come into the room to clean. Unlike other hotels, even if you leave a little bit later in the day to go on the strip - they still make time to come in and clean the room!. . We needed extra soap bars, so we called the service desk. We requested a soap bar and they were at our door within 15 minutes. Super sweet customer service!. . One star off because they seriously stuff the fridge to the point where you're unable to put anything in there! We bought some vitamin water/fruit to put inside the fridge and pulled several beverages out. We were going to put back the beverages inside the fridge on the last day. Well, the maids decided to charge us for all the beverages we pulled out even though we didn't even drink any of it! And they also took our food out and replaced the beverages. I was beyond pissed about this one. Anyway, we told the check out rep. that those charges were invalid since we never drank any of those beverages. The rep was civil about it and voided the charges.. . FYI: There is a $20 resort fee for each day you stay here.. . But besides that, I really enjoyed my stay here!. . The casino is kind of dead. It's very family oriented, so I rather gamble further up the strip.. . Also, I think there's only ONE cafe that's open 24hrs for food unlike the hotels on the mid-strip.  I wish they had a lot more restaurants open for those who are hungry at 2AM!. . Also, it's pretty much the last hotel on the south strip. It's far from everything but it isn't really Mandalay Beach's fault. So if you stay here, be prepare to take the tram/bus.. . As much as I loved staying here, I think the next time I visit Vegas, I will try to find a hotel much closer to the mid strip.. . Also, they have LION KING playing here! :D
I love Mandalay Bay! From my experience, I think it is the best hotel in Vegas.. . It's not only stunning inside, but it has it's own beach! What is not to love.... . Although Vegas has so much to see... I could literally stay at the hotel and satisfied.. . Private cabanas, awesome tub in my room, great food, amazing service. . . I think I pretty much said it all....
nice, clean.. good size tub in the room. Prices are decent.. especially with promo.. and a good quiet place for my bday on march 25 weekend :)
Great hotel!  Nice rooms, bathroom has separate tub and shower....nice bubble bath for 2.  Bayside buffet is great, must have prime rib and crab (crab only served at night and Sunday brunch)   They only reason I can't give Mandalay Bay 5 stars is because it's at the end of the strip and far from everything.
Our friend TSmith loves this place due to the cocunut smell they pump through the air vents. We stayed here for the second time at the top of this month and still enjoyed it. . . Very clean, beautiful hotel casino. The Hotel has suites that we stayed in over the summer but even the regular Mandalay rooms are great.. . On the pricey side for the strip but at least worth a stay once if you do Vegas.
I really am a fan. I stayed here for a week and it was a pleasure. . . This is not a "I'm gonna party" hotel but caters more to business travellers such as conference attendees. I have seen some honeymooners. Room is clean and pretty. And spacious enough to work though the table has an odd shape. I love the stand up shower and the tub just outside it. You can soak day's work in peace. And when you need to go, the toilet has its own "room" with doors. Bonus. . . Unlike some hotels on the strip, cardio room is free. Zip. No charge. You need to pay more though if you need to use the weight room. . . Internet speed is decent. . . The restaurants inside the hotel are superb - I tried four of them. Buffet is decent but not great. . . What I like most about this hotel is that it is not chaotic. The elevator is far enough from the casino and far enough from the Vegas crowd. You are not greeted by gamblers in the morning and drunk teenagers at night. Or children. . . Children are fun except when they're rowdy. And the noise of slot machines make them rowdy. . . I will recommend this to anyone who will go to Vegas for work. But not to vacationers - too far from the center of the strip. From Caesar Palace - cab ride was $15. . . I am giving it a four for service, cleanliness, room aesthetics,  staff's attentiveness (generally) and somewhat peacefulness (Vegas-style).. . Did I mention that there's a wave pool?
This hotel has almost become our home away from home in Vegas.  Been here multiple times and always had a good experience.  Service always good.  Very nice strip hotel.  . . The rooms are comfortable.  If I had a complaint I would say the last time I was there the bed was a little lumpy.  I think that mattress needs replacing.  But first time I have encountered that here.  Otherwise very comfortable.. . I would say among the best, if not the best, pool options in vegas.  Wave pool is great.  A number to chose from.  I have always enjoyed them.. . Casino is nice.  My wife likes to play here.  She usually does pretty well too.  Nice sportsbook.. . Good choices of resturants.  There is some shopping.  Nice monorail to connect you at least partly down the strip.  . . I think this is a solid choice when in Vegas.
It was our first stay in Las Vegas and I don't think we could've done it any better. Yes, it is the last hotel on the south end of the Strip but it is not so far away as the Stratosphere is on the North end. It is definitely within walking distance to Tropicana Blvd. (MGM, NY/NY) and there is a tram that connects Mandalay to the Luxor and the Excalibur. That being said, you can quite easily get to the center of the action in short time, while enjoying the relative quiet and solitude the location provides.. . Rooms were well appointed. Nothing over-the-top but a few extras that were nice (large (52"?) flat-screen and a smaller one in the bathroom.) Could've been a little cleaner e.g. crumbs on the floor like they didn't vacuum so well after the previous guest, and gum stuck on the back of one of the loungers. Yuck!. . One thing I don't get about this hotel is the $18 resort fee they tack on which doesn't get charged until the end of your stay. Why this isn't an upfront cost and/or is included with your overall cost is beyond me. They give you a card which states what this cost covers which includes free Wi-Fi ("A $15 value"??? Really?) and a free USA Today at the shop downstairs. There were a couple of other items but they were more forgettable than these mentioned.. . Pool/beach area was great. Here's a tip, check the Bikini Bar for specials before ordering anything unless you're fine with paying $7 for a bud light and $12-$13 for drinks.. . One major negative was the Concierge Service. Couldn't have been a more unhelpful/unfriendly group of people. Instead of getting assistance, you will get blank stares and an attitude. I honestly don't understand this. Their job is to help people but instead they belittle them. Very poor form.. . If you're dining in, I recommend sticking with Raffles. It is the cafe that serves a full menu night/day (I think this is also where room service comes from.) The food is very good and will save you more time/money than going to the other ripoff restaurants located on the property.. . Negatives aside, this is a great hotel and if you're ok with not being directly in the center of the action then you will enjoy your time here. The spa is lovely as well and if you've already been to Vegas/ seen all the sights and just want a place to chill then I highly recommend it.
==Mandalay Bay==. Located at the edge of the strip. The casino/lobby is very nice and so are the rooms. The rooms are very comfortable and I was amazed at the little tub in the bathroom with a separate stand up shower. Loved the tub :P The bathroom and the room was very modern looking and clean.. . EXCEPT. I have a habit of checking sheets, pillows and everything for dirtyness. I flipped over one of the main pillows and there were TONS of dark red spots... We immediately called the lobby and complained and all they did was give us a $50 dine in gift card. Better than nothing but my ex was disgusted and they could of least waived one night's fee. But nonetheless, we wanted to show them the pillow case but they never came up to inspect it. So we just left it on the floor and continued out day.. . PROS::. . 1] Very very nice rooms. 2] Very clean (Except for our pillow case) and comfortable. 3] Great view if you get the correct side of the hotel. . CONS::. . 1] Check your sheets and pillow cases! Never ever use the top comforter. Trust me... 2] Located at the end of the strip.. Lots of walking or taking the Tram/bus
Review is for casino only:. . I stopped here today to get tickets for the Lion King for when a freind is in town.  I really like this casino.  I have always liked the aroma they pump into the air.  When I walk in from self-park and see the headless statue of Lenin, I can't help but smile and know I'm at the Mandalay.. . When I've been here for other shows, cocktail service in the casino has been prompt and friendly.
I stayed here with a couple girlfriends of mine last weekend and we really did have a fun time!  Loved that they have their own beach and we were out there basically everyday for 3 days.  The bedroom was huge with its king size bed and the hot tub.. . -1 star for overall cleanliness not being super clean. I'm a stickler when it comes to things like that, but overall, the Mandalay Bay was very nice and I would stay here again.
Even though I have wandered thru virtually every casino hotel on the Strip (except for a few of the crappy ones no one cares about)..I only review the ones I actually stay at. So this trip was my first time staying at Mandalay Bay..I got comped 2 nights and I did like the looks of the place so I figured why not...even though it is ALL THE WAY at the southern end of the Strip. The room was decent, nice big bathroom with tub and shower, though I'm not quite sure why there was a window between the bathroom and entrance foyer...unless we got one of the Kinky Rooms or something, though I don't really get off on watching my fiancee on the toilet, so this whole window thing is still over my head. . . We had a great view overlooking the entire pool area...and that is one big pool area...I think I counted six pools and a river....and a wonderful view of the mountains in the distance. everything looked beautiful lit up at night...one of the reasons I love coming to Vegas...a beautiful city of millions of lights plopped in the middle of the barren darkness of the Nevada desert. . . The hotel is laid out very nicely, everything is clean and classy...wonderful choice of restaurants, good buffet, lots of bars and shopping, with an easy walk to the Luxor next door..and that's about the only easy walk, because if you wanna go to any other casino on the strip, you have a hike ahead of you, or an expensive cab ride...because those buses they have on the Strip...SUCK. I really enjoyed my stay here but what would keep me from going back for a few years is its inconvienent location, hence the 4 stars intead of 5.
The buffet it awesome!!
Mandalay Bay is one of the few casinos on the strip I don't mind going into. I think it might be because it is on the far south end of the strip. I'm guessing sometimes tourists don't bother to go down this far. They stop at Luxor and return back up to the strip for more skeezy Vegas fun. Also, Mandalay isn't terribly intriguing to people who do not know what is inside it. There's no theme, no over-abundance of glamor, but it's a GREAT casino AND hotel.. . Rooms - From the one time I stayed in a hotel room here I thought it was great. The bed was a piece of heaven - I slept all the way through the night! It's everything you'd expect from a nice hotel room with a bit more class than what you'll find at say, Luxor. But it's probably not as nice as Wynn or Bellagio.. . Shopping - Mandalay Place has a few shops of interest to me. Most importantly: Urban Outfitters. A reason to go in and of itself.. . Shows/Concerts - I have only seen The Lion King here, but that is enough for me to give it 5-Stars based off of just this one show. I LOVE Lion King and this show is stellar. Another plus: Mandalay has the House of Blues, a great place to see live bands and even comedians. They host a wide range of shows with a wide range of prices. Also, they now offer discounts for drinks at certain shows for locals, as well as no service fees if you buy your ticket at the box office with a local ID.. . Bars & Drinking - This is the reason MB does not get 5-stars. I got a BIG surprise for ordering a Red Bull & Vodka at the Sports Book - a $14 check! FOR ONE DRINK! I get it, MB, you're a hotel on the strip - but COME ON! Especially at the Sports Book?!. . Food - I can't comment as I have not eaten anywhere, but I have typically seen good reviews. I am also intrigued by the Russian restaurant and will be going to dinner there soon. So hopefully I'll have a review of that place soon!. . Overall - Mandalay is doing everything right. I think other casinos should follow suit!
Most of the hotels on the Vegas strip have some sort of theme.  The Mandalay Bay is no different, though much more understated.  Taking its name from the original Mandalay Bay in Burma (what its dictators now call Myanmar) the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino evokes images of Southeast Asia, though not in an over-the-top "you're visiting the far Orient," "aren't Asian ways mysterious?" kind of way.  . . And while I'm against imperialism, the Mandalay Bay successfully captures of of the romanticism of British imperialism of Burma, with its luxurious hotel, perhaps arguably the most luxurious hotel on the strip.  (Although the sister property - THEhotel - adjacent to the Mandalay Bay is much nicer.)   . . With a fabulous spa and pool, plenty of fine dining places, a mall connecting Mandalay Bay to THEhotel, and plenty of gambling space (not to mention the Mandalay Events Center which hosts boxing matches, concerts, and shows), the Mandalay Bay and THEhotel are self-contained luxury havens in Las Vegas.  . . My only complaint would be that they're so far off on south end of the strip as to make it a pain to get to the excitement on the main drag, but with so much to do onsite, you may never even have to leave the property to find a good time.
My husband and I stayed two nights at Mandalay Bay. The room was well furnished with a large bathroom. The variety of restaurants and the pool were a plus. Wish we had made time for the aquarium. Free trams going north and a fair amount of walking made it relatively easy to sight-see. Detractions included a broken hairdryer and that every time fresh towels arrived to the room, they had a strong stale smoke smell - odd and icky. If you want to use the lazy river, bring your own inner tube - they sell for $26 (no rentals)!
Stayed here for two nights.  Our room showed some signs of drunken Vegas violence - chipped furniture, scuffed walls, etc. but it was clean and service was perfect.  The staff was very friendly.  The water pressure SUCKED and you can't really wash your face at the sink without hitting the faucet.  Kind of awkward.  The sheets were kind of rough but the bed was pretty comfortable. . . Didn't even bother going to the pool because we had a view of it from our room and sawa long line to get in an hour before it even opened. . . The casino actually didn't smell as smoky as other casinos so my eyes didn't burn while we were gambling.  . . Checking in and out was fast and simple so overall it was a good stay!
Husband and I stayed here May 21-24. . . Things I Liked:. . Location - We had a great view of the entire strip from our strip view room. Far enough away from the action to feel laid back yet a conveiniently located next to Luxor, Exaclibur, NYNY, and MGM. Cab ride to the Venetian cost us $13 and we don't do a lot of walking in Vegas anyway so I loved the location.. . Atmosphere in the Casino - Way better ventilated and less smoky than others. Quiet but not dead. No go-go dancers on weekends like some of the others. . . Rooms - Our room was spacey, beds were comfy, and had no noise from neighbors. There was a suite down at the end of the hallway that was pretty loud one night but we couldn't hear them from our room. Nice tub, rainfall showerhead, TWO sinks and a huge counter, TV in the bathroom. . . Pool - Pool WAS crowded but it's a really nice pool area and it's really popular. There are three regular pools, the beach and wave pool, and the lazy river. We didn't bother with the beach because it was super crowded and I'm from CA...if I want waves I'll go to the real beach. But the regular pool was nice and spacious, service at the pool was great, lazy river was really fun, and they were playing rock music on the speakers near us and not annoying hip hop! Win!. . Starbucks in the casino. . . Buffet was decent. Not the best I've had but pretty good for the price. . . . . Things I Didn't Like:. . Service at the Desk: Registration for check in was SLOW. Not enough people helping and every single person checking in had a problem. They weren't rude but it seemed really unorganized and like they didn't have their crap together. Same deal with check out. We didn't have a problem with our room but huge lines and everyone was having issues. However, this is my only big complaint and it's not enough to deter me from staying again. . . WIFI: WIFI worked but was slow at times. . . . Things Other Yelpers Complained About That I Thought Were Ok:. . Elevators: Sometimes there were crowded, especially on Sunday around check out time, but I never encountered the dreaded waits other Yelpers complained about. They really weren't an issue. . . Staff Rudeness: We didn't encounter one rude staff member. The front desk people were disorganized and a little unprofessional but everyone we encountered during our stay was nice and helpful. . . Restaurants: Granted we only tried the buffet and the House of Blues but we had good experiences at both. Food isn't gourmet but it wasn't garbage. . . Resort Fee: It clearly states more than once when you are making a reservation on the website that there is a resort fee. When you check in, they tell you there is a resort fee. Why is this such a suprise?. . Mini Bar Charges: They warn you about the sensitivity of the mini bar when you check in. When you check out, if you see charges on your bill and you didn't touch it, they'll take it off. I saw it happen to the people in front of me. Yes, it's kind of stupid but I don't know why people are freaking out about this. . . . Bedding/Carpet/Towel Complaints: The hotel does not look rundown or beat up at all. Yes the towels had a weird coffee/bleach smell to them but come on people! It isn't the Ritz! It's towels. . . All in all I would definitely stay here again!
Next time I go to Vegas, I'm going to stay here. . . Mandalay has a bright, large, and airy casino, several great theme restaurants,  and a  great pool and artificial beach... . One draw back is that it is on the far end of the strip but I've stayed on the other side several times and I like change.
This was a bright and beautiful hotel and I would absolutely stay here again.   I really liked that the casino wasn't directly next to the lobby, so we felt like we were entering a resort hotel rather than a hotel plus casino.  The pool and beach were fantastic, especially the wave pool and lazy river.  The only drawback is that the hotel was at the very south end of the strip.  Each night, we either had to walk approx 1 mile back or take a cab, because the tram from Excalibur stops running at 10:30 pm.
I really enjoyed stayin here! I stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton a couple years back and this hotel was much nicer! the rooms smelled and looked clean! the casino wasnt bad either! plus free tram to luxor and excelsior was nice!
Love this place, especially when travelling with a kid. Aquarium (not worth time & money if paying tourist price) and best pool in vegas.  . . We got a standard room, and I was very satisfied.
Really nice hotel. Comfortable room. AWESOME pool...or should I say pools. The wave pool and the lazy river are 2 reasons to stay there. . . The room itself was nice. We got a king bed with a view of the pool which came in handy when we wanted to see how full the pool was. FYI if you go to the pool go when it opens because it'll get mad packed. It opened at 8am and was packed by like 10am no joke. . . The only thing I didn't really like IMO was the bathroom. You have to get used to no privacy. lol. The shower and toilet are separated. If you're claustrophobic forget using the toilet. And if you like privacy in the bathroom you can forget that too because who ever's staying with you can totally see you through both the window AND the door.
We stayed here for 3 night, celebrating my birthday. As soon as we got here we had to check im guessing alot of people were doing the same thing becuz there was a long line. Once we got to the desk we were helped and everything went smoothly. We got to our room and it was perfect I liked everythingabout it mostly the bed and hot tub ;) lol. They comp u two drinks wich we didn't even use I don't knoe why :( anyways they have this amazing wave pool and lazy river which are super cool, but are overly crowded that's the reason they have 4 stars & also cuz housekeeping nvr came on the second day. We also went to the shark reef which is like $14.00 to get in. Its okay more for children.overall its a great place to stay I would stay here aqain
I visited Mandalay Bay for work one week and it's one of the best "older" hotels I've seen in Vegas, so not including Cosmoplitan, Aria, Vdara, Wynn, Encore, etc. . . First off, Mandalay Bay is HUGE! I mean, they have their own convention center, which housed 3 different expos simultaneously when I was there! The hotel lobby and casino area is luxurious and fancy. Think gold! The casino floor is definitely nicer and BlackJack tables have a minimum of $25-$100. In the center is Eye Candy Lounge. This place is always hopping. They even have a dance floor in the bad. Very baller place! Mandalay Bay's pool is called The Beach. It's amazing with actual waves and sand. They have a high rise mountain which live bands play in the center of the pool too. All of the restaurants and bars and lounges in Mandalay are all very luxurious, modern and spiffy. Totally a two thumbs up hotel. I haven't stayed in the rooms yet, thus I can't give it 5 stars just yet.
Maybe the rooms were not as good as it gets, but who goes to Vegas to stay in the room? The lobby is not your average mole hole casino type entrance. It's beautifully done in cream colored stone and elegant chandeliers. Tons of natural light which is rare in Vegas. . . If you have kids, stay here just for the wave pool, it's the best pool in Vegas. I won't stay at another hotel in Vegas if Mandalay Bay is available. . . The only complaint I have, and the reason I knocked off a star, relates to the front desk. Both check-in and check-out were a hassle and the staff was not at all apologetic. In fact, on check in they refused to extend our stay at the rate I was paying only to find out by calling reservations from our room that it was no problem. The check-out line took almost 45 minutes because so many people dispute charges.. .  But hey, there are like 3000 rooms in the place so I am not too surprised.
We were privileged to share a 1500 SF suite on the 32nd floor with friends that overlooked the strip. The suite itself was well designed for privacy and entertaining boasting fair finishes. Both rooms featured 2 full baths with a tub and shower in one and shower in the other. Cleanliness was not at best as there were some hair on the bathroom floor. The bed was comfortable and the wet bar came in handy. My only other complaint was the lack of free weights in the gym.  Only the cardio room is available for guests and additional equipment are extra in a seperate location.. . Great hotel for families, especially with the beach, but if you're looking for a hotel in the heart of the strip for the younger/hipper crowd, look elsewhere.
Pool is good but don't like feeling like cattle as they holler at me to go past the blue line in the wave pool.  Suggestion: do waves for a few minutes then a period of still water.  Hint: Monte Carlo.  That and change the overly strict 'one towel per guest' rule and your pool would be the best!!!
My boyfriend and i stayed here January 14-16, 2011. It's a very nice hotel. Rooms were clean, double sinks, shower with a separate tub and everything was convenient in the hotel. Hotel and casino is spacious. . . Food at "theCAFE" was excellent. Many restaurants in the hotel to choose from and there's even a Starbucks. The buffet was great. . . I recommend this hotel! 5 stars if it was in the middle of the strip!
We stayed here in mid-June for my Vegas bachelorette party and I was pretty impressed.  The hotel itself is gorgeous - lots of marble, open space, lounge areas, spa, fish tanks, etc.  Pool is huge, there's a wave pool, a lazy river and the entire pool area is covered in sand like a beach.. . There's a ton to do inside the hotel which is nice since this place is at the far south end of the strip.  Lots of restaurants, tattoo parlor, spa, hair/makeup, games, bars, etc.  . . Mandalay is also connected to THEHotel, which has a cool rooftop bar on the 64th floor.  There's also a pedway that connects Mandalay to the Luxor and Excalibur as well as a tram.  The pedway has a bunch of restaurants and shops to keep you busy.  . . All in all, a good stay.  The rooms were nice, beds were comfy.  The bathroom setup was a bit bizarre but that was my only complaint.
My friends and I came to Mandalay Bay in May for the first time. The hotel room looked a little smaller than the room pictured in the virtual tour, but it was still really nice. It was a little disappointing when we first got in the room to see a note left for the last guests that they "moved" (not consumed) something in the wet bar and will be charged. I've been to many hotels with wet bars, and they at least allowed a little room in the refrigerator for guests to put at least one of their own items in. This is, after all the desert, and I would have liked to have some gatorade or other thirst-quenching beverage cold and available for me to drink in the middle of the night. It also was a little annoying that the remote worked on both the livingroom and the bathroom tv...so when the person in the livingroom changed the channel, the bathroom channel changed too, and sitting in the jacuzzi wasn't a good time to get up and press the tv channel button...But, the room was gorgeous, and clean. The staff were friendly and professional.. . I also noticed that the ventilation in the hotel was great. Even as a smoker, when I went to Vegas the smoke in the air really got to me and I'd have to leave....now it seems to really get filtered out. A visit to Circus Circus confirmed that..... . The buffet was amazing! $26 per person...not cheap, but the food was way better than other hotels I've been to in Vegas. I'll happily pay a few bucks more for palatable food. The breakfast wasn't as good as the dinner- the waffles were undercooked...but in general I'm just not as excited about breakfast anyways. The dinner, which starts at 4:30, was excellent! I loved their chicken fried steak. Being used to the excellent foods of San Francisco and NYC, it was good to see food in Vegas improving...it's now somewhere that those of us who live on the coasts can visit and actually not hate the food!. . The things that attracted me to Mandalay Bay was that it's near the airport, the monorail goes through it, it was one of the few hotels with modern rooms (other than city center, which is four times the cost), and the fake beach! I have always had a fascination with fake beaches and wanted to check it out. I could have stayed in Vegas longer than three days because of all the pools and the beach, which is saying something because three days I'm usually wanting to come back home. It was a little odd that there was blasting music (music from my generation- the 80's to now), the lifeguards were yelling at people in the water not to do something, but they had no megaphones. I don't know how people are expected to hear them, clearly the offenders did not, and you could see the lifeguards frustration! Because it's not a real beach, holding your girlfriends hand and walking where the water is 3-4 inches deep at the "shoreline" is not permitted (probably because body surfers could hit them, but it really wasn't so crowded it wouldn't be obvious if someone was flying towards you, though I imagine at that depth the body surfer would get roadrash on the metal grate. It would have been nice if the pool area stayed open later.. . Oh- one word of advice...if you'de like to do the pool/beach area, it's best to either go before school is out for the summer, or if not you need to get there by 10am to get a spot...because even in May with no kids around on a weekday, there were few beach chairs (any spots to park your belongings and people) ...and there were only two of us going to the water. When we got there around noon, a guy came up to us because he saw us looking and told us to hurry up and get his . spot they just left, and we got there right before other people did.. . Oh, and because I know this can be an issue in Las Vegas, we found Mandalay Bay to be gay friendly, even to butch dykes (Vegas isn't very fun, often times butch dykes run into disgustingly homophobic staff and guests), and we weren't the only LGBT's staying there.. . i would stay here again!
I am a strong believer that there are two kinds of places to stay in Vegas.  1) Casinos that have hotel rooms and 2) Hotels that have casinos in them.  Mandalay Bay is the second without a doubt.. . My hubby and I spent 4 days on the middle of the strip, boozing, gambling, and committing other forms of debauchery.  We then spent two days down at Mandalay Bay to recoup and detox. . . Mandalay is a beautiful hotel with great in-room amenities.  Large bathtub, glass shower, and WC.  in addition, the restaurant choices are extensive.  . . The pool is a large draw here, as other people have raved, so I don't feel the need to.  Let's just say, even as an adult, I enjoyed the wave pool and lazy river!  . . So the drawbacks.  . 1) There is no adult only pool unless you want to pay to get into the topless one.  I love kids, just not after a 4 day bender in Las Vegas..   . 2) All the restaurants close early.  After my hubby and I woke up from a nap (passing out) at 10pm we couldn't find anywhere open and walked to McDonalds (ugh).  . . 3) It is SUPER far away from the main area of the strip.  I made the mistake of staying down here one year and I ended up spending hundreds on taxis and even more on my poor feet.  If you are in Vegas to Party, stay farther down on the strip.. . Mandalay is beautiful and very resort like.  It just depends on what you are looking for.  If you are bringing kids, this is a great option.  If you are looking for some R&R, this will also fit that bill.  However, if you are staying here expecting to make and quickly forget some bad choices, probably not so much.  Stay down towards the middle of the strip.
We made this vacation just for the pool! We came here 2 years ago and my fiance couldnt get me outta there! It does get annoying with all the kids in there though....cant catch a wave with all of em cutting you off.. . BE AWARE OF THE WAVEPOOL!!!! My fiance got beat up by it! He caught a wave and his face got smacked into the grate/drain. He was bleeding pretty bad and got cuts on his face, hand, elbow and tummy. The staff was very attentive with helping us with the situation though but thats about it.. . The room was nice, loved the bathtub and the bed pillows are just the way I like them...fluffy and squishy and not to firm.. . Would have liked to stay there the whole weekend....we will be back!
My husband & a few of my cousins came here in December. First time in Vegas, didn't really know where to stay - but Mandalay offered us a suite upgrade for the second night & who can say no to that. First off the front desk service at check-in was excellent. Everyone was very nice and accomodating, we arrived in Vegas at 10am and they had a room ready for us even though check in wasn't until late afternoon. The size of our room the first night was good, it slept my husband & myself plus my 3 cousins who didn't make it to their room that night. The suite upgrade room was even bigger, with a view overlooking the strip. All in all we had a pretty good stay. The hotel can be a bit confusing though, its pretty big and there aren't very many signs that tell you where to go. It was a mystery looking for the elevator entrance to take us to our room upon arrival. Also, gift shop was expensive for the late night munchies, so we stocked up at the Walgreens down the street. . . We would definently stay here again, it was affordable, rooms were spacious, bed comfy, large shower, suite had a tub and extra long vanity plus the clock radio was an ipod dock (awesome) and the staff was great.
Everything went well from check in to check out. No complaints at all. As for the players club, I liked it better before MGM took over Mandalay Resort Group.
Stayed at Mandalay on a friday through sunday weekend. First off I want to thank Kyle at the front desk.  Very cool dude.  He got my buddy and I rooms pretty close to each other on the same floor on a fight weekend. He just really took the time out and seemed to care.  Got there early in the morning on Friday so here's some of the stuff. . Pool- Did a cabana on friday.  It was right on the lazy river.  Service was good and Mario actually brought us an Ipod radio deck to play in the cabana.  They give you inner tubes to float on which was nice.  There are a lot of kids at the pool.  So if you're not really into that than maybe the pool area isn't for you.  But if you have a cabana you are away from that at least.. . Rooms- Water was hot, bed sheets were clean and had a stocked fridge. All I really care about.  . . Ate at some cantina by the burger bar.  Food wasn't very good.  . . Steel Panther- If you got some time around midnight on friday and only want to spend $20 to get in go check these guys out. Not only do they play their own songs, they cover sweet 80's tunes and are funny as hell.  Place was packed.  . . Mix Lounge- At the top of The Hotel. If you are into hip hop and rap head up there on Friday night.  Definitely the other side of the spectrum from Steel Panther. But fun regardless.  Good dance hip hop music.  . . Saturday morning ate at the cafe  downstairs.  Eh is really all I can say. But stacie our server was really nice.  . . Bayside Buffet is also very good by the way.  . . Like I said earlier it was fight weekend so the place was packed. Never really had the dreaded elevator problem that everybody seems to talk about on here. Only once did it take awhile to get downstairs.  . . Mandalay after all these years still packs a punch.  Always worth doing if it's an option for ya.
We stayed here seven nights for my birthday/our honeymoon.  The hotel itself is nice overall. The property is beautiful with lots of trees and water. They do a good job of creating atropical oasis in the middle of the desert. . . The room was ok. We had a great view of the strip, with a floor to ceiling window, and the room was very large. The soak tub and the shower were nice. The furniture was a little worn and the bed felt flimsy. They also could have nicer linens. The sinks seemed to have leaks and dripped a lot at random times. Also, the temperature controls were weird.. . I think that Mandalay bay is one of the bigger, more difficult hotels to navigate on the strip. All of the elevators are crammed into a little hallway area so during the busy times it's just a sea of people all trying to fit into a small space.  Everything else is so spread out so it seems silly to have that all be so poorly designed. The shark reef was ok but like a lot of things, it was very out of the way. Seemed like it was on the other side of the property and even if you're staying there it's a long walk. . . If there is one reason I would stay there again it would be the pool. The beach and wave pool area are the best in Vegas and you can't beat all the different options for swimming, relaxing, lounging. Shade is definitely costly though, so if you're cheap, be prepared to sit in the sun and burn! We broke down and bought two cushioned chairs and an umbrella because it was just too hot in the sun! It came with free water and free access to the Moorea beach area, so I think it was worth it. . . I do the the resort fees are higher here and also the table games have higher limits than at most other hotels, so it's kind of annoying.
this is a beautiful hotel, and the rooms are amazing! I came here with my husband for a weekend and it was a great experience. Our room was gorgeous and clean, the bathroom was amazing! there was a tv right next to the hot tub. The best part of the bathroom was the huge shower head! it was like showering in the rain.
A bit delayed on Mandalay Bay Review.. . Pros:. Free (a weird deal/screw up on Expedia Canada). Let me check in at 7:30am. Comfortable beds. Nice big bathroom and separate shower/tub. . Cons:. I can't become a fan of South Strip - not Mandalay's fault. Not sure why, but I wasn't moved to gamble at all. . I can't think of anything else. The room rates seem to be too high to justify staying here again since you can pay about the same and stay in the Center Strip at either Bellagio/Aria for just a little more (or in my case, sometimes less at Aria).. . Overall, not a bad place but it's far and pricey.
The last few times I've stayed in Vegas, I've always stayed at the Mandalay Bay. It's a beautiful, exquisite hotel with the numerous pools and beach in the back and the customer service is remarkable as well.. . The rooms are spacious with double sinks and a glass shower and large tub.. . Like others, I've found that the wait for the elevators is ridiculous. It seemed as though only 1 goes up at a time and that is not good for a hotel that big. . . I also don't like the fact that there isn't a microwave in the room, and the refrigerator in the room is full with wines and juices they EXPECT you to take because it is timed and they can charge it to your room.. . Other than those few cons, I would stay at the hotel again.
I love their pool section, lazy river, wave pool. Their rooms are spacious and comfortable. I had really no complains. . Like the others, I felt bored waiting for the elevators but the pool made me forget!
If I were a younger man, this would be my place to play.  As a 40-ish guy, its on the verge of what I'm looking for in Vegas.  Then again, all of Vegas is heading that way.  Generally, I'd say the Mandalay Bay is perfect for folks between their mid-20's and mid-30's with money in their pocket.. . Pools are great, although packed when it's a good pool day.  I got the feeling that there were plenty of folks there who weren't necessarily guests--but I could be wrong.  Overall, though, this place is perfect if you are looking for pools.  Were I one of those mid-20's to mid-30's guys with a better body, I'd feel like i fit in more--but such is life.. . Plenty of restaurants abound inside--most of which are pretty overpriced. That said, having eaten at just about all of them, I've never had what I would call a bad experience by Vegas standards.  Quality foods, upscale atmosphere, and you can't beat the easy walk.  . . Casino is upscale and with higher mins as you would expect with the decor/atmosphere.  Table play was fun and a bit classier than MGM Grand.  Totally worthwhile atmosphere if you are able to afford the higher mins, otherwise I'd head further down the strip--which is easy to do with the monorail going between Mandalay, Luxor (next door) and down to Excalibur (past Luxor and down the street). . . In the MGM empire (which Mandalay is a part of), this rates just below MGM-Grand (perhaps on par), yet above Luxor, and far above Excalibur.  For my money, I think I'll stay at MGM-Grand next time around unless Mandalay Bay makes it worth my while in comps via the Players Club (which is excellent, by the way!)
Very soft beds. Rooms nice. . . Wave pool fun but crowded. Gotta watch out for what the tide brings in. Wish you didn't have to pay for lazy river inner tubes, if you go without you end up in people soup fighting arms and legs, inner tubes and beer spillage. . . Located at the beginning of the strip so be prepared to break your feet walking to other casinos. Tram going to Excalibur stops at 10:30pm.
This is my favorite budget friendly hotel in Vegas!. . I usually stay at MGM for work (plus it's cheap), and when I'm vacationing either Encore, Aria, or Pallazo (more expensive but better when I want to enjoy).. . However, because of a 2 free night deal, we decided to give Mandalay Bay a shot, and we were pleasantly surprised.. . The lobby/entrance is nice, fresh smelling, and open... which is a trait I love about Wynn/Encore/Aria.  The staff were very friendly, and helped us out with everything.  . . Casino floor was adequate, dealers were friendly, there were plenty of tables open, and the vibe was nice and relaxed.  I was able to sit down and play for a good 3-4 hours with no problems, save for the occasional drunkard playing 1 hand and then leaving.. . There are also a lot of nice restaurants and a nice shopping area... as well as an aquarium.  The aquarium was kind of fun, but I admit I would not go back unless my niece wanted to again (she is 2 years old).  She thoroughly enjoyed the aquatic life, however I thought it was a bit short and not very awe-inspiring.. . The coolest thing about this hotel, however, is the pool!  Out of all the pools I've been to in Vegas, this one takes the cake!  The real-sanded beach leading to the wave-pool is the best place to come and relax and enjoy a drink or too.  There's also beach side food to keep you satisfied, and music is just loud enough so you can bob your head yet not get a head-ache.  They also have a beach-side gaming area where you can gamble, I wish I had more time to check that out.  What can get better than gambling by the beach??? Hot cards, hot girls, hot weather, and alcohol... sounds perfect to me!. . The rooms were also very nice.  We got a 2 queen bed room, it was nice and spacious and the bathroom was updated as well.  There was also a nice sitting area with a desk for us to prop open our laptops and check e-mails/etc.  Only bad thing about the room is our carpet felt a little bit damp, hopefully it was people coming from the pool and not something else.... oh well.  Other than that, room seemed fresh and clean... it was a lot nicer than rooms at places like MGM, but a step down from Pallazzo, Aria, Encore... etc.. . Overall, this is a great hotel.  For the price, you can't really beat the experience! For something cheaper, go to MGM or something like that, for something more sophisticated, you can give encore/pallazzo/cosmo a try.  I would definitely come back here again with my buddies to enjoy the sun!. . All in all, would definitely come back here again to enjoy the pool area and what not.
It's a very nice place to stay if you don't mind either a hike or a cab ride down LV Blvd. (or the tram, never forget the tram), and their selection of restaurants is nice and varied -- from burgers to Aureole to happy hour sushi.  . . Their pool area is very large, and they even have an amusing little inflatable raft float-along.  The hotel itself is kept very nice, I've yet to see a run-down spot.  The shark reef is a fun family trip (or bored twentysomething to-do trip).
I was really happy with the room considering I didn't pay much for it. The beds were comfy, the bathroom was big, the shower was awesome, and it had a fantastic view of the strip.. . The staff seemed like they didn't really care but they were friendly enough and the check in/out was really fast. The elevators were never a problem.. . The casino was a casino but the cocktail waitresses were really friendly and brought me lots of free drinks.  I left with an extra $100 in my pocket (from just slots) so I can't complain!. . The one thing I wasn't thrilled about was the resort fee. I didn't use the pools or anything so I feel like I shouldn't have had to pay it but it is what it is.. . . I will be returning!
4.5 out of 5 stars!!  I really liked this place despite being further from all the action of the Vegas Strip.. . Let me say that this place is classy and it has a more older appeal but that doesn't mean that its boring.  The hotel is large, its clean and it has everything you could want in a Vegas Resort.  I came here for a convention for work but that didn't stop me from having a little fun.  The Casino is large and they have an awesome Sports book area.  You can walk over to the Luxor, which is right next door, in a connected walkway.  They have shops, pool area, and anything else you can imagine.  . . Now I hear some people on here gripe about the monitoring of food and drinks and what not in your room and its true...they have sensors on the items and if you remove it then it charges that item to your room.  Now if you didn't use the item and put it back it will still be charged to your room if you didn't put it back quick enough....I learned that the first day. . . But if you gave this resort 1 star because of this, you are a complete F-ing moron.  If you are not smart enough to call down to guest services to inquire about any charges or when checking out to review your bill then you deserve to get charged for your own stupidity.  I asked about any charges to my room because my company was paying for it and I didn't want any erroneous charges to be put on the company account.  I picked up a few items in the room to read what they were and it showed up, but I told them that I did not use any of them and they immediately removed the charges.  They want you to gamble, they could care less about an in room soda or liquor.  They give that shit away when you are gambling anyways.. . All in all this place was great.  I loved it.  I probably will stay closer to all the action of the strip next time, but if you want a place that is a little quieter but still within walking distance, then this is the place for you.
I really enjoyed this place despite the fact that it's farther away from the strip. Really nice casino - well laid out. . . Great pool! I can't wait to come here again.
LOVE LOVE LOVE: . - Great Room Suite with cool couch, comfy bed, jacuzzi tub, and rainfall shower.. - The Beach and the lazy river for laying out getting ones tan on. And floating in and having hysterical belly laughs with one's bff as she acts like a dolphin.. - That I won $120 twice in the casino playing nickel machines.. - Great resturants on site.. . LIKE:. - Yogurt In. Would love but probably responsible for me gaining 2lbs there. Damn you delicious frozen yogurt with my choice of toppings!. - Views from my room were okay, other people there with us had nicer views in normal rooms (I expected my Suite to be big pimpin'). - Onsite Shark Reef thingamabobber.. . COULD DO WITHOUT: . - Elevators at the weekend took forever and would be full. I was there getting married, and some of my guests almost missed a limo to the chapel because of a lack of elevator space.. - Indoor smoking - but that's all Vegas hotels I suppose.
Arrived here late one Thursday night.  Walked through a nice, big clean casino.  Plenty of the penny slots with the mini games for those who don't like to lose their shirt gambling, but would like a steady flow of free alcohol.  The Sportsbook is nice, plenty of screens, though I do wish the seating was more comfortable.  . . Got to the room.  Nothing impressive, but still clean.  Beds feel like typical motel beds.  I guess i'm used to the awesome Heavenly beds from the Westin chain of hotels.  Nice bathroom with the water closet.. . The next morning we get to the pool.  Gotta say  this has to be the best pool area in Vegas.  The wave pool is a nice change of pace from other bland Vegas pools.  It's up to 7 feet deep, and the water doesn't look like its home to Swamp Thing.  Every 2-3 minutes there is a good size wave.  Not quite as many waves as I would prefer, and I would like to see bigger waves, but cool nonetheless.   . . Next to the wave pool is a lazy river.  The Lazy river is in a shadier area, which is nice on those 100+ days where you need to get out of the sun.  My advice is to grab a inner tube and a beer, ignore the 'No drinks in pool' rules (the lifeguards don't seem to care), and go for a cool, leisurely float around the river.  . . If you're looking for a hotel with a great spot to relax, why not stop by here?
pros:. 1. close to the airport. transport in and out is quick.. 2. the 'beach', wave pool and lazy river are super family friendly and fun. my kids had a blast there.  the beachside grill and to-go food stand are priced well and offer pretty decent food.  if you're looking for a basic breakfast (sausage mcmuffin, ham mcmuffin, muffins, for about $6) i'd recommend eating here even if you don't plan on going into the water. some of the breakfast restaurants inside the hotel are a rip-off.. 3. great prices on rooms.  i got a room for $65 (before tax and resort fee) through priceline.com. 4. great, clean buffet (bayside cafe). 5. free tram to luxor of excalibur. then you can walk further north to the rest of the strip. 6. foundation room lounge was very chill and had great views.. . cons:. 1. very far southern end of the strip.  if you're trying to get to the main part of the strip you'll have to cab or it's going to be a long walk. 2. nightlife options are kinda weak. but if you don't care, who cares.
Really nice stay here.  Large rooms at decent prices.  Good selection of restaurants.  The beach swimming pool was kinda lame.  Foundation Room has a great view but the doormen downstairs need to back off a little on selling the cover charge and bottle service.
I had the pleasure of staying her about a month ago.  I had stayed at THEhotel about two years ago and loved it.  Mandalay was more of the same!. . Great hotel with plenty of amenities and comfortable beds.  The bathrooms are spacious.. . The casino is one of my favorites on the Strip.  Always well lit, clean and does not feel claustrophobic even though the weekend gamblers are high in number.. . The "resortist" theme pays off well, because they can rely on being a straight-up nice place, rather than having to rely on the novelty-theme to get people in the door.. . I enjoy gambling here, watching sports here, and staying here.. . Highly recommended.
My boyfriend attended a conference here, so we were able to stay here at the conference rate for a few days. We had an amazing strip & airport view from the 34th floor. Complimentary WiFi in the rooms. Nice spacious, modern rooms. Flat screen TVs in the bedroom and bathroom. Two closets. Bed was nice and soft. Room service breakfast was not that great, so I would recommend going to the restaurants (i.e. Fleur, The Cafe). If you want to rent a refrigerator, it's $35 per day. Luckily, we had a cooler with some drinks and just filled that with ice. A little ghetto, but smart. :) There are trams that go to the Luxor and Excalibur Hotels. Valet is complimentary, but don't forget to tip. The gym is also included. I had good intentions to go, but found myself walking around the outlets all day long. Whoops. I didn't have a chance to check out the pool either. :( All in all, we had a great experience here and would recommend it!
I really like the casino, even though it feels old (at least compared to our usual spot - Planet Hollywood) it is so much more comfortable.  It is less loud, less crowded, ran well...  We did a lot better gambling there.  The complementary coffee is strangely addictive.  A few grumpy old dealers, but oh well.  One of the funniest dealers I have ever played around was there, so he made up for the grumps.  Our room was nice at the same time not, I think maybe it is dated or the housekeeping needs a little tune up.  The tub was dirty, the sink was backed up, the shower was grimy (and I hate those metal seats they have), the sheets were crunchy.  BUT it was still comfy and enjoyable, our view was nice, the pool is GREAT and it has some really good places to eat :)
We recently stay there over the summer with my wife and we had a great time. We stayed at the Mandalay Bay and it served its purpose! Everything went as smoothly as possible. The BEST part if you don't have kids (we do but it was our getaway without kids) is the Moorea "topless" private pool. Definitely worth the $40 you have to pay to get in. No kids, No crowds of people, just you and whoever you're with chilling by a pool with a drink. Ladies felt very comfortable IF they wanted to take off their tops and weren't bothered by anyone. Overall we would stay there again if the opportunity presented itself.
We are enjoying our stay at Mandalay Bay.  It is a bit confusing have the three hotels in one- Mandalay Bay, The Hotel and Four Seasons.. . The staff have all been friendly and accomodating.  The gal at check in gave us a lovely room.  The view is a perfect straight on glance down the strip- room 18211.  Recommend!. . The atmosphere and cliental are all nice.. . We have eaten at three of the restaurants so far- Burger Bar (YUM!), Ri Ra Irish Pub (even better!), Verandah (crazy expensive but a beautiful atmosphere).
This review is primarily for Mandalay Bay's casino. I stayed at THEHotel and have a separate review for that joint. . . As far as Mandalay's casino goes, I have a hard time complaining. They offer up the usual compliment of card tables, slots, video crack (poker), craps, a huge sports book and all sorts of high-roller action. For me, it was all about penny slots and blackjack here. I discovered a unicorn-themed penny slotmachine that magically granted me $30+ in winnings on my first night in the casino. I could almost smell the rainbows. . . Second night I posted up at a $15 minimum blackjack table, and while I wish these casinos would have at least one $5 minimum table I know that $15 is the new strip standard. Regardless, after three hours and at least as many dealers I walked away 150% richer and with no less than 15 Kennedy-heads in my pocket. Did I say walk? I meant stumble. And the only reason I left is that they closed down the pit for cleaning. . . Otherwise it's a pretty clean casino, nice and hidden down at the end of the strip, and there are plenty of places to fuel up for a night elsewhere on the strip.
I came here for a convention so this is a review of the convention space as I did not stay in the hotel. FIrst of all, it's HUGE! It was floor after floor of conference rooms and break-out rooms and reception halls. I got lost more times than I would like to admit, BUT! it was really convenient to get to the parking structure which was awesome! I was glad I didn't have to wander through a smoke filled casino to show up at a professional conference. THe food the hotel provided was aight, but I loved having so many nice eating options nearby. There was a cafeteria too, but hey when in Rome, spend like you own it! Great place to have a convention!
I stopped off here just to eat and waste a couple hours before heading over to Hooters to watch Purple Reign (a tribute to Prince).  When we arrived in the valet parking area, Scott was very friendly and helpful.  He listened to our concerns about needing to get in and out of the hotel fast, and took care of us w/ joking and smiles to boot!  . . Once inside, we ate at a smaller diner.  We only wanted appetizers as we didn't have a big appetite.  The service here was wonderful. I felt like this hotel really stresses customer service to their employees!  They know how to treat people right!. . I would like to come back here and stay longer.  I hear the spa packages are worth making the trip for.  I will be back to hang out here one day.  The hotel is older, but the customer service sold me!. . Again, fantastic staff here, which so many other places lack these days!
My husband and I went to see The Lion King and besides the valet being a little backed up, walking through the casino was beautiful. Very spacious and everything nice and clean.  WAY better than the Wynn.  Can't wait till summer to spend summer by the pool and stay a weekend.  Lion King production was visually breathtaking and the theater was very spacious, roomy and comfortable.  Can't wait to go back!
I always liked the rooms here. Very comfortable and spacious. I had the roof view once again. The beds are so soft and it is nearly impossible to not get a great nights sleep. Nice bathroom. big roman tub walk in shower and separate room for toilet. It cracks me up how they have big bottles of vodka and tequila in the room to buy and care packs and sex care pack and a wide variety of snack to buy all on a scale on the desk.. The Mandalay is huge and can be easy to get lost but isnt every casino in Vegas? I ended up checking in the following day there policy is to confirm 24 hours ahead. The lady told me when I checked in I couldnt get my money back for the first night I missed. But the guy who checked me out ended up refunding me. Thats was awesome:) Great service there Free wifi and parking.
In Vegas for my daughter's Sweet 16 and to see the Lion King.  Loved it and enjoyed hanging out in the hotel.  This is such a great place to bring the family...there is something for everybody and every age.
My family and I just stayed here over Christmas and it was great! Granted, we didn't spend that much time in the hotel, but the room was nice and they were able to give us two rooms side by side so we could have the connecting doors. All the facilities worked well and the bathrooms were nice with both a shower and a bathtub.. . The venue is very nice and always smells nice and clean.  Most other hotels (I specifically noticed it in Caesar's Palace) smell strongly of smoke, but the hotel in Mandalay Bay was nicely divided from the casino.  The aquarium exhibit is great and theres also a wave pool and a lazy river.  . . The location is great.  It's far enough away from the busy part of the Strip, but close enough that you can walk/tram over.. . It's great for families (a rarity for hotels on the Strip) and classy at the same time.  I definitely would stay here again.
Rooms are decent. Too bad it's so far away from most of the action. The pool is great too!
Stayed here for a long weekend in October and had a great time.  We were staying with a group of friends, so I was happy with their choice of MB as our hotel.  It's nice without being over the top, the decor is tasteful and it doesn't smell bad!  I'm not a gambler, but did have fun playing at the $15 blackjack tables.  I was more interested in their POOL and have separate reviews for those (Mandalay Bay Beach & Moorea Beach Club).  Yes, MB is at the end of the Strip... but it's convenient that you can walk to Luxor and take the tram to Excalibur to make your way down the strip.. . The rooms are much bigger than most hotel rooms.  Our bathroom had dual sinks and a full size tub separate from the shower.  Be careful with the mini bar since it's weight monitored = take something out & you might get charged for it!  I liked our pool view and it was a great way to wake up.  They have multiple Elevator Bays for levels 2-16, 17-34, etc.  Be sure to push the door close button in elevators to save some time.  Door key cards are magnetic, so be careful with your magnetic closures on wallets & purses.  I forgot that my "travel" purse has a magnetic closure and had to get a new door card after mine stopped working.. . Crazy long lines at Starbucks, so check out the Orchid Lounge for your morning coffee fix.  Also my favorite (non-fancy) restaurant in Vegas is Burger Bar at Mandalay Place.  You have to check it out.  All in all, I was happy with my stay and I would definitely stay at MB again!. . Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
Excellent experience for New Year's at Mandalay. Truly a hidden spot on a night where roads are shut down and drunken revelry spills into the streets. Vegas Blvd. was closed up to Russel, but we were able to take the 15 to Frank Sinatra and sneak in a back parking garage around 8pm! It was equally easy to get out the same way.. . The hotel itself smells great, has amazing rooms from regular double beds to the suites on the top 2 floors with magnificent views of the strip. Top notch sportsbook, party spot @ House of Blues and great culinary options.
I enjoyed my stay at the Mandalay Bay out of my whole trip to Vegas I would say Mandalay had the best offerings.. . The people were extremely friendly, the rooms were clean and modern. Even though the hotel is at the end of the strip you can always take the tram which connects to Luxor and Excalibur which cuts the walk time by a lot the tram is also free and runs majority of the day. . . I love the fact that the bathroom had a separate shower and tub. The tv's were nice and big also. We also had some complications with our room keys while staying there but they comped us for our food when we ate at the raffle cafe inside the casino. . . Also the small mall is connected to the hotel and casino making it easy to get a bath bomb from Lush or buy a few items while staying there and not going too far off from your stay. I will most likely be staying here again next time I head to Vegas its a great Place to stay!
stayed here for new years weekend~. pretty amazed how nice it is~. . positives:. prices were very affordable for nye~. nice place to stay for families with kids.. rooms are normal size but comfy.. front desk very friendly & helpful. . negatives:. room service kinda slow.. wifi is extremely slow.. . overall i loved my experience here!
The room here was great, with a view directly up the Strip, a large soaking tub, separate travertine shower, and cool light up entrance into the room. It was a very comfortable stay. Only one pool was open over Christmas, but it was pretty posh with fancy lights and steam, as well as a swim up bar. Although it said no one under 21 was allowed, there were still a few kids. The hotel also has some nice restaurants, though they are not my favorites in Vegas and I would probably head elsewhere to eat in the future. . . The hotel is well-located in case you want to escape the Strip quickly (located on the south end). It also connects to The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, which was great as I had my spa treatment there.. . My only real compliant was the valet/bag check wait, both at check in and check out. It took an hour for each. While I didn't expect it to be 5 minutes, other hotels do this far faster and efficiently. Skip valet and bag check here if you can.
Stayed here for my birthday this past month and as always enjoyed our stay! . . One major con was that we asked for a humidifier, hey I had a cold, and we never got one. No call or explanation as to why. And the other was how far away the food court is.. how is a girl supposed to get a greasy slice of pizza at 3am?! AND the Wifi was SPOTTY. Never worked.. and if it did it was SLOW. Why pay a $20 resort fee if you really get nothing out of it?! The redeeming factor is the big casino, Burger Bar and a Lush just walking distance..  and of course the silly tram that takes you to Excalibur!. . My check in experience was amazing and a breeze.. Miss Rachel at the front desk was efficient and  friendly and got a peekaboo view of the strip, not the best view but we checked in rather late. . We love it here.. but its not high at my list of places to stay.
One of my favorite resorts on the strip!. . It is a very high end resort and casino with everything you could possibly want on the property.  Obviously they have casinos (tables are $10 min), a beach, spa, luxury shopping, clubs, a wide range of restaurants for every budget, a Shark Reef Aquarium and a connection to the Luxor and Tram for more Vegas fun. . . I did have some issues with my room, the sink kept gargling in the middle of the night! It totally freaked me out the first time I heard it...I think some of the rooms may have a plumbing issue...regardless it was still a nice room.  . . The toiletry products were very nice as well.  Both Shampoo and conditioner was kind to my hair. . . I was here for a wedding and then stayed for NYE.  We had the BEST view of the fireworks at The Hotel side of the Mandalay that over looked the strip.  Best place on the strip to see the fireworks if you get a room that faces the strip.. . As much as I would have loved to view the craziness of Vegas NYE out on the street, it was much nicer to drink tequila from a solo cup in the comfort of a warm room with an amazingview with close friends. I highly recommend for NYE.
There are some ok clubs here, the rooms are standard. The VIP Penthouse suites, however, are excellent. Plenty of restaurants and clubs, places to see live music, plusan aquarium!. . Easy access to the west valet (THEhotel) from Hacienda if you're on the West side.
This is my review of the Mandalay Bay as a hotel. It is based on a staycation from January 12 to 16 and two previous stays. I rated it by categories.. . Pricing: three stars. .    Last week, Mandalay Bay beat all the Strip hotels on price. This wasthe week of major conventions. The price difference was remarkable. Even with the resort fee the price was acceptable.. . Room: four stars. .    Luxurious describes the rooms at Mandalay Bay. There are two closets.  Two flat screen tvs, one in the main room and another in the bathroom. The bathroom is spacious. It includes a shower plus bath tub. The toilet is in a separate room from the general bathroom. The water pressure met my expectations. And, the fragrance of the room exceeded my expectations. The Maid, for the most part did a good job cleaning the room.. . Safety: Two stars. .     Hopefully there are cameras at the elevator bank. It is necessary since anybody could walk onto the elevator without a security guard manning them.. . Location: Three stars. .    Mandalay Bay is the southernmost hotel on the Strip. When the Mandalay Bay-Excalibur tram is not operating, which  lately is after 10:30 p.m., a lengthy walk or transportation is necessary. Because the location is on the southernmost part of the strip, traffic is far less chaotic than the Mid Strip. So having a car at Mandalay Bay is less of a headache. In my opinion with Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Excalibur connected by indoor walkways, they are one megaproperty. In one megaproperty, there are numerous eating and entertainment options for all budgets.. . Amenities: three stars in winter/ four stars in Summer.  . .  In the Summer, Mandalay Beach is the ultimate swimming pool. There are waves, a lazy river, and sand. At night there are a couple of live bands, including a decent house band that plays in Orchid Lounge..  Personally, I have not been a fan of their restaurants. I have had three bad experiences at the Bayside Buffet. In my opinion, Raffles Cafe is grossly overpriced.The food court is nearly deserted. In my opinion, the connected Luxor and Excalibur offer restaurants with better value-or the closest thing to it on the Strip..   Mandalay Bay offers three coffee establishments. Two Starbucks and Orchid Lounge.. . . . Chances of returning: High, just like many Las Vegas resorts.
Mandalay Bay. . Mandalay Bay's got it all!!  All in one!!  It's Awesome!!. . At the right time....quick "Check In's" and "Check Outs". At the wrong time....long line to "Check In"and "Check Outs". . Rooms are nice and clean.  Separate shower stall, separate bath, separate toilet.. My view from the 19th floor after midnight:.  . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eAc9Vd6loOgRQolMXQt6FA?select=3bTDjCebxrwMa_9_N2gZXQ. . The Lobby:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eAc9Vd6loOgRQolMXQt6FA?select=g57fZpfL-B1Q_vkQlmw6Ng. . One of the Pools.....after Mid-Night:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eAc9Vd6loOgRQolMXQt6FA?select=m1l8euoY8V6v5TnI5jvw_g. . Not sure where to begin?. . The Casino. The Restaurants. The Bar. The Shops. The Sports Center (Place your bets here). . The Casino is open 24 hours a day.  Black Jack, Poker are available at certain times only.. The various restaurants are open for Breakfast, Lunch / Brunch and or Dinner and some open Late Night.. The convenient necessity shop should you need a razor, nail clipper, snacks or something along those lines.. The clothes shops....There are a few specialty shops to get some clothes....These shops will dress you up nice and totally pimp you out!!. The Sports Center.....Got a favorite sports team....want to place a bet....do it here.. The Restaurant.....take a stroll around and see what you like...sorry food on this trip for me was just a convenience....not my focus of attention.. The Bars and Lounge area......at night they have live band singing with light dancing.. The Movies......Feel free to catch a movie or a show.. . So basically this hotels got it all.  There are more to do outside of the Mandalay Bay.  There is a Tram that takes you to the Luxor and to Excalibur.. . There is a Car Rental company (Avis) on site should you need a car.  If your staying on the strip it might be better to cab it.  Limo's are reasonable for large groups.. . What else can I say?. . The best part of my room was the showers.. They have the "High Presure Shower Heads" which are fantastic.  It will knock your socks off and make you feel so refresh in minutes.  If only Jerry and Kramer had this:. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlrtQb24Qxw. . A good solid hotel all around....love the powerful shower head.
The rooms are nice especially the ones facing the strip. It's defiantly a gorgeous view of the whole strip. The highlight of this place if the giant wave pool, lazy pool, private cabanas and then the public pool. A great area to relax and enjoy the sun and have some drinks.
I just got back last night from a 2 night 3 day stay from the Mandalay Bay and overall  I would say I am really impressed.  I will break down my stay here at the Mandalay and get you some tips and how to have a good time and save some money at your stay here.. . ** Tips on saving money when booking here.  . My girlfriend and I wanted to get away for a few days, we are from So. California so I went on priceline and was able to make an offer for 2 nights ( we came on a weekdays so it would be cheaper & to stay away from weekend crowds & traffic)  on January 28-31.  We made & offer and it was accepted for $45 a night!!! . So with taxes it came out to $118 for two nights through priceline.  * note* when you get there they also charge a $20 per night resort fee which is not bad because you get free wifi and a newspaper.. . **Gambling. If you are going to gamble i suggest doing it during the day.  The table limits drop down to $5 a hand on most table games i.e blackjack, 3 card poker etc.. The waitress' are good with drinks as long as you tip them and for the most part dealers were friendly. I actually won the times I did play blackjack here and had a good time doing it.  If you get a players card they give a voucher to take to the cashier and if you give them $20 they give you $30 in chips to play at the table so make sure you ask for that.. . **Attractions. I highly recommend doing the shark reef exhibit. It was 18$ per person but it was well worth every dollar of it.  They have shops like a little mini mall and it was cool to walk around and spend some time looking at everything they had to offer.  They always have concerts & ufc fights held here so on your trip you should check the calendar to see that is an option.  . *We did not go outside to the pool because it was January and still pretty cold.. . **Food. Mandalay Bay is very big and I really did not eat at the restaurants so I can't really speak of them but they had a wide variety to choose.  They did seem a little pricey, they did not have a big choice as far as a lower end dinning but you can do like I did and we went out to eat like at Margaritaville and we went to Denny's and Dicks last Resort next door at the Luxor.  They did have a couple Starbucks in there and also frozen yogurt and ice cream which was pretty cool.. . **Rooms. Hey for $45 a night I could not complain.  They had 2 flat screens a 32" in the room and a 15" in the bathroom.  They have his/her closets and sinks and a shower as well as a bathtub.  The soaps and lotion in the room are good and they smells really good, they do not cut corners in saving in cost.  The water pressure is good and another good note is the cell phone service, I have Verizon and I had full bars throughout the whole casino.  It worked better than the free WiFi so I just shut off the WiFi and used my Verizon 3g signal and it worked really well.  Beds and pillows were comfortable and elevators are were quick to get up to your floor and you did not have to wait a long time to wait for one.. . **Misc.. Vallet service was good.  They were not the fastest of all the casinos but they were not the slowest.  Staff was friendly I have no complaints about that.  Check-in, When we got there they did have a long line but one of the ladies said don't worry it will go by fast and she was right we waited less than 5 minutes and she got us our keys and up to our room.  We got a room high up 27 floor and she gave us a room with a partial view which wasn't bad.  If you want a full view of the strip it is an addition $20 but if you can just get the partial view.. . That's about it, another thing to remember is that the Mandalay Bay is on the South of the main strip so if you had a car like I did we did not mind at all because we got in our car and drove down and didn't have to pay for a taxi.  The parking is free because you either self park it or do vallet and just tip the guys a buck or two.  They had a tram that goes into the Luxor and Excaliber but we did not use it so I can't tell you about it.  . . Enjoy, hope this was helpful!!
All I have to say is that Manadalay Bay is our Home Away from Home. This is always our 1st choice to stay at when we're in Vegas. . . The decor has that tropical feel, very classy and doesn't have the cheeese factor. We don't get that obvious smell of being in a casino - the overwhelming cigarette smoke. Instead we're greeted with the signature "Mandalay Bay Scent". I'm not kidding, it truly exists. We were looking for that scent to purchase for the last 6 years until we found the scent sticks in their gift shop to take a bit of Mandalay home last November. I know what you may be thinking, no, not like the kind you find at Bath & Body Works. It's so subtle. . . The property is very light, open and airy. Again, opposite of many other hotels casinos that are dark and leaves that claustrophobic feeling with you unless you go outside. . . The rooms are gorgeous. Double doors to the bathroom, his & her closets, floor to ceiling windows, iPod compatible dock/alarm clock, plasma tv, and pillow top mattress. The one feature I was kind of weirded out was the window on the wall of the bathroom. It has blinds! Kind of weird, but whatever, just leave it closed.. . Word of advice, if you don't want to have to pay full price for the Shark Reef or watch a show, make sure you get a player rewards card so you can get comp'd for future visits. Oh and by the way, all MGM Grand (that's attached to the MLife player Rewards Card) properties has a "Resort Fee", so don't be surprised if you see it on your bill. The only exclusion to get it waived, is if your room is a comp. Don't be afraid to ask them to take it off. The worse thing they can do is say no, right?. . If you're lucky enough to stay here during the busy months (like in the summer), get to the beach as early asyou can to grab a prime location for a  lounge chair w/umbrella, or cabana. The ginormous wave pool, lazy river and 3 swimming pools will be worth the trek outside. If you can't peel yourself away from the tables, but need some vitamin D, head out to the Beachside Casino where you can find Roulette, Craps, and Blackjack. . . Being from Seattle, I've become accustomed to my Starbuck's coffee drinks (Yes, I'm a coffee snob). I was thrilled to find out there's a store located right by the escalators going up to The Shoppes of Mandalay Bay.
Oh MGM, if you could just move Mandalay to the middle of the strip it would be 5 stars, but it would probably be much more expensive if it was there.. . They are on a little island on the edge of the strip. It's such a nice hotel but so far from all the "action" of Aria and XS, Marquee and Tao  and all other things that people like to go to in Vegas. . . The hotel rooms are spacious and have comfortable beds. A lot of closet space too. I was very impressed. Their bathrooms are also a lot better than most of the ones I've seen on the strip.. . I've stayed at Mandalay and TheHotel so Ill leave my TheHotel review on the other page but that was nice too.. . The pool with the lazy ricer is cool. Food spot right by the lay out area and really good mojitos. The  beach casino is small but when it's not crowded its a nice place to relax and gamble.. . The casino gets pretty crowded which is surprising to me since it's on the edge of the strip but it's a fun environment. If the minimums are too high they are connected to Luxor which has lower minimums.. . It can get pricey and busy when there is a fight here or at MGM but that's another exciting thing to do in Vegas, watch a fight!. . Mandalay also offers a lot of comped rooms for future visits so that is definitely a plus.. . Overall it's a really good hotel. I've never had a problem with service, front desk, waiters/waitresses, dealers. It's nice and spacious. Good pool, good drinks. When the middle of the strip is too much this is a great alternative.
3.75 Stars.. . I'd have to say the Mandalay Bay is definitely showing its age and you can see it has weathered the Las Vegas elements over the years.  Its feeling a little old, a little tired, but its still pretty cool.. . Old and Tired stuff:. - elevators are so slo o o   o   o w.  There were pretty long lines for them sometimes!. - hotel aesthetics need sprucing up -  getting a little outdated, worn out and dirty. - not too many 'happening' places for drinks and dancing.  They used to have Rum Jungle, but no more.  :(. - kind of a trek to get to the heart of Vegas action, since its all the way at the end of the strip. . But still pretty cool for:. - the great rooms.  Comfy.  Dual closets! TV in the bathroom, facing the tub. And as my Yelp friend Alan L. mentioned, the showers have great pressure and that's always a plus for me!  The deep tub was very nice also.. - the only wave pool (and lazy river!?) in Vegas; nice infinity jacuzzi, too.. - its great options for fine dining: Charlie Palmer's Aureole, Hubert Keller's Fleur, Wolfgang Puck's Lupo, Rick Moonen's RM Seafood, and Michael Mina's Stripsteak...not bad, right?. - the wonderful Spa Mandalay.. . It was a nice stay here.  I'd recommend it if you get a good deal, and if you don't mind cabbing it to get to where the action is.  Not as young and new as an Aria or Cosmopolitan, but still an illustrious hotel in its own right in Vegas.
Great hotel and casino. My only regret was I wish I was here for the miss universe pageant back in 2010.
I had an early flight out of Vegas, so I needed a hotel close to the airport.  I first checked out my beloved Marriott properties, which there were a ton of, but thought I'd be a bit racy and check out the strip too.  Wait... Mandalay Bay was well under $100 while a Fairfield (a Fairfield!) was $40 more??!  Hello Mandalay Bay!!. . Free, prompt hotel valet.  They upgraded me to a room with a strip view (a convention crowd had just checked out that Thursday morning, so they had the rooms) - elegant large  room with comfy bed and separate tub and shower.  And I won $100 on a $0.30 roll on a penny machine.  The only thing that could have made this night better was Ken... and a couple more days in Vegas.. . One downside is they're located on the very end of the strip, and Ken loves the center strip action.  But I would definitely push him to stay here, and I'll stay here again when I need to fly out of Vegas the next morning for work.
I came here for four nights and I got one their "spa rooms" which is just a really big jetted bath tub.  I also had a nice view of the Luxor/strip so I was happy with that.  I really like this hotel...it's classy...not too crowded...plenty of gaming options...lots of dining options and just has a very relaxed feeling.. . The only problem I had with my trip is that I had to fight for my $50.00 resort credit AND they charged my credit card for someone else's charges.  They did credit it back but it took two separate phone calls to get everything all sorted out!  All in all I would be back again but I would avoid going to "Raffles" their 24 hour cafe...it SUCKS!  But definitely go to "Border Grill"!  It's my favorite restaurant!!!
The following is from a hotel perspective:. . From a hotel room perspective, I believe the rooms at Mandalay Bay to be some of the better ones. I appreciate that the establishment itself is in the mix of things and places that I want to see; so that is a plus. In addition they have pretty good food options on location; such as RM Seafood, the House of Blues and some lighter fare. They are also connected to a pretty decent shopping area.. . Okay, back to the rooms. The bed is comfortable and the shower/bathroom is very inviting. The room was quite clean and did not smell. In addition the space itself was fairly large for a Vegas hotel room.
We recently got married here at inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues. It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests. The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with. She and she staff were very professional and they helped make the day stress-free. The hotel was super nice (we upgraded our room for just a bit more $) and all of our guests had a pleasant experience. They blocked off a series of rooms for our wedding guests, but the rooms were all on different floors. My only complaint would be that we did not get offered the option to have a smoke-free room and towards the end of our stay I had a hard time breathing because of this. We did enjoy the spa downstairs (only $25 a day and you get to take a dip in the heated baths). Of all the hotels in Vegas on the strip, this one is nice and not too crowded or smoky. We enjoyed live music on the main level until 2am and had good luck on the slot machines. We would have appreciated a few perks for bringing a bunch of people into town for our wedding, but nonetheless it was a great time. Check out the Foundation Room upstairs for a breath-taking view of the Vegas strip. The breakfast buffet was delicious, but skip it on Sundays as the price increases for no apparent reason other than they offer a few re specialty foods. The pools are really nice too.
Stayed here a few months back great hotel very friendly staff.... Will definitely stay here when I come back!
The hotel room was nice: It was a two-bed suite and it came with a table! It was very spacious, with a bathtub, shower, and a spacious bathroom as well :). . Poker and blackjack are better here than most other casinos from what I hear. I think they have relatively low minimum bets at Mandalay Bay if you are not looking to lose a ton of money (or win a ton if you're lucky).. . There are plenty of places to eat and a nice Starbucks on the first floor!
We will definitely be coming back!  . . This was the first time staying here for both my boyfriend and I, we both had a great time and were very impressed.  The price for the room was very reasonable.  The room had a great view even though we got a room on one of the lower floors.  The bathroom came with beautiful smelling soaps and lotions.  The shower was a treat as well.  The Beach was the best!  We loved the wave pool.  The lazy river was fun too just a bit too short, the MGM's is longer.  I played roulette one night and the dealers were very friendly and personable.  Even though I was only betting $10 a spin they treated me just as well as the high roller betting $10,000 a spin.  This place has great architecture, interesting restaurants and a killer pool, I can't wait to go back!
Going to fit Mandalay Bay, Fleur, The Wedding Chapel, and THEhotel all under the umbrella of this one review, as we basically did our own customized Mandalay Bay Wedding Experience for 19 people. . . We started by booking The Chapel at Mandalay Bay and a giant, 2,000sq foot suite at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay for the reception.  They were one of the only locations in Vegas that seemed totally cool with our plans to throw a big party in one of their suites. The hotel gave us 20% off our rooms and our guest rooms for the wedding - despite the fact that our wedding would occur at such a busy time as St. Patrick's Day, Spring Break, and March Madness.. . When we decided to have our wedding dinner at Fleur, we had the pleasure of working with Lisa Cortina of group dining services. She was tirelessly helpful and a total sweetheart in helping us construct such a memorable experience both at dinner and at the reception after. . . The experience:. The wedding went off without a hitch. Our officiant, Rev. Adam Duckro, kept it quick, simple, honest, real and heartfelt, just how we wanted. It. This is Vegas. Our guests didn't come this far to sit through a long ceremony. Also, our guide/planner (Kaylee or Kaylen I believe) was great too. . . The photographer got some great shots, but more on that in a minute.. . Fluer by Hubert Keller was amazing. Sure, it was expensive to do a 6 course tasting menu for 19 people, but each dish impressed, and pleased both the picky palates and the gourmands in our party. So happy to be able to say that my Wedding Dinner was one of the best dinners of my life! Thank you Hubert Keller, Thank you to our great service staff, and Thank you Lisa Cortina! . . Finally the reception. We moved up to one of the "T-Suites" located on the 62nd floor of THEhotel. This place was huge. Big enough for a party of 30 or so, but PERFECT for our wedding party of 19. There was a bar, a floor section big enough for a dance floor, a sound system, great decor, couches, tables, and an awesome all-glass direct view of the strip. Our attached bedroom was equally impressive. We didn't staff anyone in the room. A bartender isn't necessary for that small of a party. Guests did have fun taking turns behind the bar "playing bartender" though. Pretty sure my step-brother's performance got him laid. The Party was great, as evidenced by security showing up twice to keep it down. However, when my irate and half-drunk aunt called management, explaining the money we'd spent that day, and that this was a wedding party, I'm pretty sure they just to decided to just ignore whatever wet-blanket party poopers would call security at 1AM on a Saturday night, St. Partrick's Day, in Las Vegas. Big ups for calling off the Hounds. Maybe they offered the complainers an Ambien...we will never know. We were too busy raging until about 4:30 AM. . . The whole Mandalay Bay experience was as memorable as could be. Single ladies were overheard saying "this is how I want to do my wedding". If I could go back, I wouldn't change a thing.. . Points were docked for 3 reasons though, taking it down to 4 stars. The prices for stocking booze in our room and for the various Photography packages were outrageous by any industry standard. I mean OUTRAGEOUS.. . Also, when we were having issues getting the audio working for the reception, I was told on the phone, by the audio technician that he wouldn't be coming up to assist me because he was "a little busy". Imagine being a groom, being late for your wedding dinner, terrified that your guests will find your reception without music, and hearing those words. I wanted to reach through the phone and strangle him. He did ultimately walk me through it on the phone, but it caused me to be even more late. This probably jacked up our dinner a notch too, as the boozehounds of our group surely sucked down another $15 martini or two while waiting for us to join them. C'est la vie. . . For those curious, the whole experience totaled out at about $6,000 for the day's events. That's obviously pricy for a 19 person wedding, but if you're thinking of ditching The Big Wedding like we did, this is a much funner, cheaper option. Everyone- EVERYONE had a blast.
what can i say? i doubled my money, got hammered most nights and got to talk to hubert keller in his restaurant and susan feniger in the elevator on the way up to my room. that rocked it for this foodie.
I really enjoyed my stay here this time around- Maybe because I went with the right people. You know what I'm sayin'? ;))) Plus, it was SPRING BREAK and Saint Pattie's weekend!!. . ROOM: Okay, so I didn't book this room, my friend did all the planning and all the booking stuff and she was excellent in choosing this hotel. I absolutely loved it. Although our initial room was to have two queen sized beds there was a bit of a mix up and we ended up with a room with just one king sized bed. But, they were gracious enough to bring up an extra roller bed of sorts. We had the option of changing rooms, but we were quite comfortable where we were. The bathroom was quite spacious, a large tub (our temporary alcohol fridge for the weekend... LOL) and a standup shower, two sinks, large mirror stretching across the room and a private room for the toilet itself (so people can still use the bathroom when another needs to do their business!). We also had two closets, lazy lounge couch, great view, and a flat screen t.v. I was impressed especially since the beds and pillows were really comfortable. The maid service was just absolutely great, since we were a pretty messy group, but every time we come back- everything was in place and there would be new towels on the hangers, bed made, new champagne glasses, etc.. . HOTEL: Loved, loved, loved their pool and beach area (to the MB Beach review!) and it' definitely something worth checking out. It's so nicely kept and it's just so fun and relaxing to be when you have nothing to do an the sun is out. The hotel itself is really grand, everything is embroidered with gold and deep colors to give it that rich and sophisticated feel to it. I also like that that they have shitton of ATMs around (I know being a casino and all), but there's a $4.99 charge on it. I rather walk down the street to BOA and use my own bank. ;) Sadly, although I thought it was a pretty nice hotel... It's not exactly the prime spot on The Strip so getting places can be a little tricky. Taxis were our mode of transportation, but I know not everyone wants to pay for it. But the walk isn't actually that bad, 15-20 minutes max to get to The Strip (trust, I walked it-!) BUT, McDonald's, Subways, Daiquiri Bar, and Panda Express is right across the street from Mandalay, great for midnight grubbers like me and my friends! :)
Though it's not the newest kid on the block, staying here is always consistently enjoyable and the rooms are clean and spacious.  They're very friendly and accomodating, and the restaurants have a vast variety and range of prices.  . . One of the best parts of staying here is the swimming pool, which consists of a wave machine and lazy river in addition to the regular swimming pools and jacuzzis.   THE Hotel adjacent to Mandalay Bay (run by Four Seasons) is fun to walk through and the lobby looks like something from a European movie shoot or museum.  It also connects to Luxor, though that place is more depressing and looks run down compared to the newer casinos.  But the walkway in between is full of restaurants and shops.  It's worthwhile to go through. . . The blackjack here is top rate as well, they offer surrender (6 deck only), split and resplit Aces with a decent one and half deck cut as well as the regular rules.  They hit soft 17s though, but most places do these days.  I also discovered 3 card poker table here which is really fun!
We love Mandalay Bay. We came our last visit for the restaurants, and were immediately impressed. We were staying at MGM that time (definitely wasn't impressed with them) and vowed that the next time we came we would stay at Mandalay Bay, even though it was pretty far down the strip.. . The rooms are clean and spacious- to the point where we didn't mind our view of the highway. The tub is HUGE and so luxurious!!! Best part of the whole room!! Beds are comfortable, room is decorated very nicely, and layout is spacious. . . The casino downstairs is well equipped and we noticed that the cigarette smell wasn't as bad as other hotel casinos, which is a plus for us non smokers! My husband got pretty hooked on the video craps table, and won quite a bit of money, which was a plus. . . The restaurants are overpriced, but with restaurant.com gift certificates, it's completely bearable. Our favorite restaurants on the strip are located in Mandalay Bay- House of Blues, Raffles, and theCafe. . . We rented a car, and it was super super easy to park in the garage and go right on up to the room. Nice and short walk. . . Oh- and on checkin, I swear to God, the girl that helped us at the front desk was the HAPPIEST person I have ever met. Totally made that longggg line worth it. . . One thing though- we went in March, and wasn't expecting to be able to take advantage of the beach (sad sad sad), but was looking forward to the outdoor heated hottub. It was FREEZING cold. Lukewarm bath water. Dissapointing. . . We also signed up for the spa's day pass. It was very very lovely, but with the hot tub not being coed, we were really let down. I can see having seperate sauna's and steam rooms, but it would have been nice to relax with my husband.. . Overall, we will definitely stay here again next time Vegas calls.
Beautiful Hotel.. . Do not stay here IF you are planning to go clubbin at XS, Surrender, Tao, MArquee, etc. Even though it is on othe trip, it is still way too far for you ladies to walk, unless you want to spend money ($$$) on the cabs. This hotel is more like a resort.. . Nice and clean and new amenities.  If you want to come and relax at the resort, this is a great place to stay!  They also have many pools, including a lazy river.  Just a note:  they charge a $15 resort fee. . . Check in time is after 3 pm but if there's room available, they will let you check in.  Check out time is 11 am but you can request to check out later at noon if desired.. . . There's also a tram from MandalayBay that goes through Luxor and to Excalibur. (save you the walk but it is nice to walk through the hotels and see all the shops and pass by some of the exhibits.. . I would definitely stay here again.  Next time, I hope to try the pools!. . P.S. cheapest CRAPS machine so far ($3)
The hotel is clearly at one end of the strip and therefore not for walking between the hotels.  And, the light switches aren't the easiest to see but overall the bed was comfortable, the room was good sized, the TV had a very clear picture, the bath and shower were fine, though I don't like closed off toilet.  Overall though there weren't any real problems at all with the room.  The casino itself was fine.  Of the two restaurants we tried one was good (Lupo) the other not good (Border Grill).  If the weather were nice, the pools etc looked really cool from our rooms.
I've stayed at The Four Seasons before in other cities and Mandalay Bay was almost as nice. I guess it helps that the Four Seasons Las Vegas is attached to Mandalay Bay. My room was great! A plush king size bed, his & hers closets which light up inside when the doors open, and the desk is fitted into a corner with a banquette-type couch on one side and an office chair on the other. I was in Vegas for a conference yet really enjoyed just getting to catch up on work in my hotel room.. . A huge plus was I had the nicest bathroom ever with a steam shower, deep soaking tub, makeup mirror, TV, phone, the works! My first night after some industry mixers I came back to my room and took a bubble bath plus enjoyed some TV. That's my version of working hard in playing hard in Vegas.. . I agree with the other reviews: if you're going to club it's a pain in the butt because cab rides will add up. One night I has to hop around for vendor parties going from my hotel to Marquee @ Cosmopolitan then to Pure @ Caesar's then back to my hotel and it was $60 for all the cabs. Meh.. . To get a nice change of place, head over to Verandah on The Four Seasons side. It's a beautiful oasis in the busy casino. I met a few folks for a late lunch there one afternoon and it was lovely to just sit outside, getting away from the casino recycled air conditioning. . . The casino, restaurants, and other amenities are above average for Las Vegas. My all time favorite moments were at The Forum at House of Blues and the other rooftop patios on the 60th floors looking out over the Vegas strip. Mandalay Bay gave me just as many pretty memories as a 5-Star hotel.
The inside is GORGEOUS! They have an aquatic themed decor, with a huge fish tank right in the middle of the lobby. Walking through the main area of the hotel is already a scenery. . . BUT, they charge a ridiculous 28$ resort fee. 28 dollars?! That's almost the price of a buffet! Plus, some of their employees need to get retrained or something because I asked which rooms come with extended living rooms and the front desk man gave us the wrong information, so we ended up short on sleeping space. . . Still, the price is good for the quality of the rooms!
The room my hubby and I had was super nice.  I am also really impressed with the housekeeping and lost and found staff.  I forgot my pajamas as well as a turquoise ring and when I called about it they were kind enough to ship it back to me.  At a lot of hotels I probably never would have seen that ring again.. . The pool is also really awesome, I just wish there were more chairs.  The one negative is since its on the very end of the strip its a bit out of the way.  Overall:  I would probably stay here again.
Standing on the 27th floor looking over the strip either in the day or night is a hit!! Great variety of restaurants to meet all your hunger needs. Really enjoyed the decor as it has class but you don't feel like your out of touch with reality.  Everyone was over the top helpful and kind. . . Night life was fun with a good variety for each different evening and mood.. . Didn't have time for the pool but it sure looked inviting.. . Would give it a 5 star but for me anything with a 5 star has to blow me away so I would give it a 4.75!!
Kudos to Mandalay Bay for addressing each of our concerns and turning it around. Despite the issues of the first few hours Mandalay's staff and great customer service turned this into a great weekend away at the Mandalay.
I've stayed at the Mirage, Harrah's, the MGM Grand and now Mandalay Bay. Of the four Mandalay is by far my favorite. My room was super nice and had a great view of the strip. . . I've visited Mandalay Bay before but it was the first time I've stayed there. The pool area has to be one of the best I've been to. I was there for a conference, which many of the guests were and we were well taken care of. . . My only issue with Mandalay is that it's at the far end of the strip so a cab ride or a very long walk are in order to get down to the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, etc. . . I'd definitely stay here again.
absolutely gorgeous hotel. we stayed here a few weeks ago (him for business, me just tagging along) and had a pretty excellent experience. . . there was a problem with the shower the first day, then another problem with the shower the next day. i called the following day because the toilet was ALSO having a problem and they sent someone out almost immediately each time, and the person taking the call comped all of our room service for the inconveniences. maybe it wasn't a big deal for them but it was certainly a nice gesture. . . room service was varied, good options for vegetarians, and the belgian waffles were fantastic! i didn't get a chance to hit the pool or the lazy river, much to my dismay...but they were well-kept and i'm bummed i didn't get to indulge. . . we ate at the border grille one night, and i usually find hotel restaurants overpriced and not impressive but i was surprised pleasantly. the menu didn't have anything veg that appealed to me, but the waitress hooked it up and i ended up loving my meal and the drink she suggested-she was great. . . the spa: holy crap! seriously, one of the most beautiful i have been to. there's a hot plunge pool, a cold plunge pool, a giant jacuzzi with like...fish fountains spitting out water, a sauna and a steam room. i got a one hour swedish massage and it was delightful...when you pay for a service you get use of the spa for a few hours and that was really great and relaxing. there's a little waiting room with couches and tons of magazines, and some refreshing fruity water stuff that was nice. . . the hotel is pretty much the end of the strip, so you have a bit of walking to do to get to the middle of stuff, but it's not impossible. the deuce buses stop right at mandalay though and it's a pretty good deal. it's connected to the luxor (which is so cool looking) and the excalibur by tram which will save you a few steps if you want. . . my ONLY complaint-i got a manicure and it was definitely the most i've ever spent on one, and it had one chip in less than a day, and a second chip in less than two days. by day three it pretty much looked like crap and i regretted spending so much on a manicure that didn't last. the nail salon part was the least inviting...not a lot of colors, only opi to choose from, and pretty steep for the finished product. i've gotten better $10 manicures! . . overall, great service, lots of food options in or very near the hotel, beautiful rooms.
I stayed here awhile ago, and really enjoyed it. I had a suite and my favourite thing about the Mandalay Bay was the amazing room service. My room was always cleaned well, and the room service food was very fresh and delicious! I'd definitely return.
One of the casinos I frequent the most, and in my Top 5 list of casinos.. . The casino floor is huge and not too smoky.  In fact, they pump some nice smelling scent through the ventilation system.... Can't place my finger on what scent it is exactly but I like it.  The entire building from inside to out is beautiful.. . There are restaurants for every occasion and budget.  Ok, so maybe nothing super cheap, but you can definitely find some more affordable places here.  . . You have Shark Reef for entertainment, they have tons of concerts come through, and it has one of the best pools in Vegas.  . . I used to visit Mandalay a lot more a few years ago, but sadly they have closed Forty Deuce and the menu at Burger Bar has taken a turn for the worse.  I really hope they change things up soon since they closed "The Lion King" and have had Rum Jungle sitting vacant for a couple years.  I think they are cruising by with business from the conventions and not trying to innovate.. . I stayed in a suite about five years ago right after they remodeled their rooms.  It was huge with a comfy bed and gigantic bathtub.  It was a great place to stay and I would recommend it.  I also have been to Mandalay's spa and while it was nice, I preferred the spa at The Hotel much more.. . Located on the very south end of The Strip and is a bit of a walk to most other casinos.  Connected to the Luxor through Mandalay Place, or there is a tram that will take you from Mandalay to Luxor or Excalibur.. . Oh, and don't go to the buffet.  It's awful.
The Casino, Hotel and Convention Center were all fantastic.
I've stayed at both The Hotel and Mandalay Bay.  Both are very nice, but preferred The Hotel.  The whole place smells like suntan lotion so I really feel like i'm on vacation.  Rooms are clean and up to date.  Nice beds and decor.
Okay...so my review might be a little off because my Vegas hotel experiences have been limited to Circus Circus and the Mandalay Bay. Clearly, you can imagine my surprise at experiencing the upgrade.  But luckily for me, I think the review is fairly justified.  Service was great (on a Tuesday) with kind customer service from beginning to end.  The elevators were prompt, the room was clean, the view was gorgeous (looking over the awesome pools of Mandalay Bay) and there's a good amount of things to do in the actual hotel from the fairly nice/spacious casino to the good shows (Lion King isn't there anymore unfortunately but I hear alright things about the new Michael Jackson show) and good food (China Bistro...although we didn't pay for it, was extraordinary). . . The double bed room included a TV, ironing board, phones in the restroom and bedroom, and a bathtub/shower along with hairdryer and supposedly the DVD player is free (although something must've been off since we never got it).  There's an aquarium downstairs that looks amazing and again, the pools seem like some of the best on the strip. . . The worst part about the whole experience is simply that it's at the very end of the Strip, yet compared to Circus Circus (ha ha, I know), the walk isn't that far and does connect easily with Luxor.  So what can I say...all-in-all, it was a positive experience and something I'd gladly come back to.
Very nice place, great restaurant and bars!! I love how they infuse the air with a coconutty smell like suntan lotion!!! Better then cigarette smoke! The staff is nice and helpful!
Yes, I am defenitely I fan. I do a lot of traveling and to me it is all about how comfortable you feel in the room. Is it clean? Are the sheets clean? Is the bathroom clean? etc. etc. etc. For the expensive price they are charging on a nightlybasis? . . And yes Mandalay Bay defenitely passed it. The room was clean, we had a beautiful view, our bed was comfy and would defenitley think about staying here again. They had a big convention the weekend I was there but we were able to walk around they have an aquarium for the kids defenitely child friendly.. . The bad thing is location its at the very end of the strip. We had to walk to the castle looking hotel to jump on the train. Other than that defenitly recomend it.
The room had a great strip view, clean, and the bed was comfy.  Loved the interior decor very elegant.  Room service was okay.  They were doing construction on our floor so hearing the walls being painted at scraped at 7am was no fun but we didn't go for the hotel we went for the Vegas experience.  I'd stay here again the hotel was very nice. Convention was overall well executed too.
Stayed here this past weekend on a last minute trip to Vegas for mdw with my friend who was on his leavefrom the marines. We ended up here for 2 main reasons: I have always wanted to use their pools, and the prices were right with an offer they sent me. . Check in was a little slow moving, but the staff at check in was very friendly and wanted to make sure that you were aware of everything that they offered and wanted to make sure that all your questions were answered. It was nice, but did make check in take a little bit of extra time. . The room was pretty comfortable size for the base room, but the view was meh as we just had a view of the airport and a very small view of the Luxor and MGM. The beds were pretty comfortable and the bathroom was nice and spacious. I do have to say though, it was a little weird having the toilet in its own little tiny room in the bathroom but I guess that is the new thing since it is like that at a few different places I have been. . The casino was nice and it looked good walking around and gambling. I couldnt win anything on any machines or tables, but my friends did pretty well. My only complaint about the casino was in our 2 days at the hotel, gambling in the casino, we were never approached by a cocktail waitress asking if we wanted drinks. . Overall, I wouldn't mind staying here again if the prices were right again, but the location being so far from the heart of the strip is a little bit of a turn off
Stayed here for 6 days and 5 nights while attending my nephew's wedding last Saturday. Check in went smoothly, but I had to fight them over the extra $25 per day "hotel fee" that I was never told about before hand. Once I showed them my paid in full receipt with no mention of an additional fee, they "waived" it. My advice, pay for your room on a discount Internet site and be done with it. . . After that mostly everything went great. All the service people, waiters/waitresses, room service, everyone, was super accommodating and pleasant. . . The room was super spacious with a 42" flat screen, sitting area with table, enormous bathroom with separate shower and tub. My view was of the airport and pool areas, which turned out fine. Watching the planes take off and land while drinking my coffee to wake up in the mornings was fun. . . The best deal for the money were the lounge performers. I saw all types of bands, and one was better than the next. There is a two drink minimum at the tables, but they had Dos XX beer for only $5 each. Not a bad deal. The music and musicians were really top quality. . . My family did the Gospel brunch on Sunday which was incredible. Five big beautiful sisters, with band, singing their hearts out for Jesus. They got the crowd going and we had "chach". And the southern food brunch was some of the best food I had the entire stay. Biscuits and gravy, ribs, huge shrimps, enormous strips of bacon and sausage, freshly made on the spot hot waffles, omletes, grits, etc, etc. For $40 pp it was the most uplifting and fulfilling (burp:-) experience in Vegas. . . Check out from the room tv is super easy. So why wait on line at the front desk when you can do it in 2 minutes from your room. But do it when you're ready to leave because nothing will work (ie key to the room) after that. . . Tips - when going to the hotel from the airport tell the cabbie to take Tropicana Ave (about $15-$18). Otherwise they'll take the highway and it'll cost $5-$10 more. And if you do it via Tropicana Ave it costs about as much as the hotel shuttles. . . Mandalay Bay is at the end of the strip. So, it's about 1-2 miles to get to the heart of the activity. Traffic is like 5th Avenue at rush hour. So leave early, unless you hit it right at the off hours. . . Other great hotels/malls are Caesars, Paris, and Venetian. They're fun to walk around in with all the cute shops and eateries and events. Most of the prices are inflated (i.e. Starbucks $1 more for everything). But we all went to Cheese Cake Factory one night where the prices and food were the same as home. The buffet at the Paris is amazing and quite different due to the French flare. . . Get to the pool early or it's very hard to find a seat. If you want it quieter go to Landshark Lagoon or Lazy River pool areas. One annoyance was the Landshark not opening until 12 noon on Memorial Day, a super busy day. But when it did open it  was no problem for all 15 of us to sit near eachother, with some in the shade. Allison was super nice and sweet getting me an armed chair each day, which I prefer and are not available unless you get a cabana. Thanks Allison. . . All in all Mandalay Bay fit my bill for a vacation spot very well. They made my 6 day get-away in the sun very warm and comfortable. GO THERE!!!
Upon arrival, I was very pleased by the location of our Hotel.  Some may not like being at the very edge of The Strip, but the view was awesome; day and night.  We were right next to the Luxor which provided a nice view of their Sphinx and pyramid.  My wife and I attended a Lenovo sales conference here so the rooms were pre reserved by Lenovo.  They gave each of us a room with 2 queen sized beds.  The guy at the front desk was able to get us a King sized upgrade with no hassles.  The rooms were both awesome; one had a view looking straight down the strip.  The other was facing the airport and was fun to watch.  Everything was great until the next morning when they maintenance guys were scraping the walls and replacing the wallpaper at 7 AM.  It just seems like a bad idea to book rooms in a hall that had scheduled maintenance going on.  This continued the next three mornings.  Also the hall was filled with harsh glue vapors.  Other than that, everything was great.  The hotel provided many choices for dining, and had state of the art technology in use in the casino, and was overall very clean.  I would stay here again, but there is much more to the city I would like to explore.
Worth every dollar.
I'm sitting in the airport waiting for my flight home so I thought I'd write this review!. . Ending a 4 night stay at Mandalay Bay.. my home when I'm in Vegas!  4 nights/5 days of hitting the pool, gambling a little, drinking a lot, seeing shows every night, eating well and just having a great time.. . I love this hotel but this stay was a little weird.  Their computer system went down on Monday and was still down today - Wednesday and is supposed to be back up on Thursday.  I had a dining credit but was unable to charge dining to my room so ...  I could not even check out but instead had to leave my information on a piece of paper for them to check me out when their systems are back online.  How is it possible for that to even happen?  I wish MGM never bought Mandalay.  Back in the day this would have been 5 stars but since MGM has taken over you know it.  . . Oh.. and for the guy who said Mandalay is below MGM in quality - what MGM have you been staying at?  MGM is kind of gross.
This hotel is one of the top on my list , not too expensive but is great, love their pool and since I always stay here when I'm in business trip is very convenient for me
For anyone who followed my recent gripe-fest about (Vd*ra) and suspects that I'm just an unhappy misanthrope who will never be satisfied with anything...I'm happy to say Mandalay Bay is great.. . It takes a lot of irritation to overcome my normal laziness and force me to actually check out of one hotel and in to another.  Vdara reached that level with me, and instead of silently suffering, I'm happy to say I got off my rear and voted with my wallet and moved to Mandalay Bar.  . . And I'm equally happy to say the experience here is like night and day.. . Mandalay Bay's rooms are a little older, and slightly less-trendy than the newest hotels in City Center, but they are perfectly nice, spacious and well-appointed.. . But the real difference comes in the form of the hotel staff.. . Here at Mandalay, the hotel is staffed by adults; people who obviously have a few years of experience in the hospitality industry.  They are courteous and attentive.  If you ask for help for a problem, they do their best to solve it immediately.  They treat you with the basic level of respect that acknowledges you are indeed a paying customer, as opposed to someone lucky just to have been let past the velvet rope.. . I've only been here a day, but every person from the concierge to the check-in staff to the bell desk personnel to the folks staffing the sundries shops are pleasant and courteous.  I'm not saying they are bending over being obsequious; I'm saying they meet or exceed that basic level of civility that makes you feel like the care whether you are happy and comfortable, and that they care whetheror not you return again.. . So, anyway...it's nice to know I wasn't having a hallucination elsewhere...and that good service and professional staff do indeed exist in Las Vegas.  And as is the case in most of the good hotels, they do a world-class job that is competitive with any place anywhere.. . And no, I'm not a paid spammer for Mandalay Bay.  I'm just so thrilled, after my prior experience elsewhere, to find that good service in Las Vegas is still alive and well.
pros:amazing pool, nice rooms. cons:far from the strip action, huuuuuuuge line to check in
So I had quite a hard time deciding whether or not to give this hotel 3 stars or 4 stars, but I ended up going with 4 stars based on the things that the hotel provided for people just staying in the hotel.. . I really don't have many complaints regarding the hotel at all. The casino was kept very clean and had a nice open feel that kept you from feeling like you were a sardine. The only thing sucked about the casino was the smell of smoke, but that's not something you can avoid. The pools that I did see were awesome, but I didn't get a chance to go to the "toptional" pool ($30 admission to "toptional" pool). . . The rooms were amazing. Huge windows overlooked different parts of Vegas and the rooms were kept very clean and fresh. The bathrooms were very spacious and sported a huge soaker tub and a large glass shower. The biggest selling point for the bathrooms were the (slightly-outdated) TV's they had mounted that you could see from the tub. One small drawback to the room is that all the doors make a ton of noise, so there is no way to quietly move around the room without waking up the other people in your room. Also, the toilets make as much noise as those found on an airplane, so make sure you use the toilet prior to anyone going to sleep.. . The part that almost made them give me give them a 3 star review is the way they handled the business conference I was part of. Our first meetings were at 7:45am (not that early) and all 200 of us had to eat and be seated between 7:30 and 7:45. Well the hotel only has one restaurant and a Starbucks that are open before 7:00am and the hotel apparently didn't warn the restaurant that we were coming because they were only staffed with 2 waitresses. My company completely overwhelmed the starbucks because the restaurant wasn't moving fast enough. . . Conferences aren't anything special and they really need to figure out how to handle that kind of capacity. Besides the business conference side of things, the hotel is overall wonderful and a great place in Vegas.. . Tip: Go to their House of Blues restaurant. It's delicious!!! See my review :)
What a no brainer!  There is nothing bad to say about the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  It has replaced the Rio as my go-to Las Vegas hotel (sorry Rio, Mandalay is just closer to the action).  Rather you are here for a Family Trip, Romantic Weekend or Guys/Girls Trip.. Mandalay Bay has you covered.  Which I find is difficult actually.  Most hotels aren't suitable for Family, Friends and Romance all at once.  Good planning MB.. . I'm not sure what the "theme" of the Hotel is.  But is is very luxurious without the feel of pretension.  I don't feel like I have to put on a front when I walk through the doors (I do anyway, its Vegas I can be who I want).  . . The clubs, restaurants, gambling and outdoor water activities are amazing here.  You could really never leave here and be fully entertained.. . But, beyond all the extras the heart of a hotel is the room.  And any room you get here is exquisite.  I hate when you are deciding on a hotel room and they give you the impression that unless you book a suite you are no good.  MB has something for every budget.  The plush beds are very comfortable, and the soaking tubs are a nice addition to a weekend trip with a romantic partner.. . Also, their concierge has a few connections to VIP lists at clubs.  Party Time.  Mandalay Bay, I cant wait to see you again.  Kisses.
Stayed here in early April 2012.  I like this Hotel and casino a lot!  Especially the Mandalay pool :)  The club upstairs is cool, the DJ played Hip Hop and R&B all night which was cool.  The crowd that night was mixed.  Overall nice.
So ok I get all the complaints - the elevator lines and the fees and the inconsistent service but we actually had a great stay here and would recommend it to friends. Everyone we dealt with was friendly and helpful from the reservation people to the housekeepers.  Yeah the lines at check out are a pain but maybe 15 minutes? You have to accept the laws of vegas. If you are not a high roller you're going to be herded and manipulated a bit so they can maximize revenue.  Just don't get sucked in.  Bring  your own inflatables to the lazy river, skip room service, check the bill when you leave, take the tram, walk.  This was a great place for our family to stay at and the kids just loved the wave pool and lazy river.  It had its moments but overall a pleasant surprise.
Wow,. . This place is crazy big but that's what's to be expected when you go to Vegas go big or go home i mean that's what i always say..... This place was really fun and I'm glad we choose this place our room was super nice and clean and the staff was very nice to us plus we got a free room upgrade.. We aren't going to talk about price because everyone knows all hotel's are pricey in Vegas so we shall leave it at that..... But all in all it was a great time and i can't wait to visit again, plus room service was super nice and if your up late which you will be, order the pizza extra cheese its awesome trust me.... Its perfect when your drinking or after your done drinking.... :-)
I really, really like Mandalay Bay.  All my staff interactions were super pleasant and helpful.  Housekeeping did a great job.  The bed was comfortable.  I liked that there was a TV in the bathroom, plus a separate tub and shower, and the toilet was in it's own room.  While it is a bit far from other attractions, there's plenty to do here.  I liked both pools, the casino has my favorite slot machine ever, there's fun shopping, and the bars and restaurants are good.
I have been to Mandalay Bay many times, but this is my first review for MB. MB has been one my favorite Vegas hotels, if not the top spot, for many years - just love the place and so when I decided to get married in Vegas, MB was definitely my go to stay.. . I booked the Vista Suite 6 months in advance, but when it was time to check in, we were told the room was not available due to 'a pipe burst' and the room was unusable. Although they did upgrade us to the Media Suite, I was pretty upset as the Vista Suite was what we wanted, for layout and location. I find the 'pipe burst' excuse a bunch of hooey - and tell me why was I the one who got bumped? I booked 6 months earlier - couldnt they have bumped someone who booked later? Ok, I got over it, because they gave us a bigger suite and it was my wedding weekend and didnt want to let this bother me.. . Once in the room, we discovered there was only one usable frig(besides the one filled with overpriced drinks etc) and it was smaller than most peoples lunch totes - very disappointing. Not only was it tiny, but it didnt work and we lost the few perishables we could fit in it. We called the front desk twice and it was never fixed or repaired in the 5 days we were there.. . The suite also lacked cutlery - really? and no glasses in the bar for our guests, we had to PAY a dollar a glass! really? no microwave either - that cost $25 a day! very disappointing MB! And get bigger ice buckets please!!!!. . Ok, so I had to get the negative out of the way - it has been bugging me. Lets get to why I love this place- the suite we did get overlooked the beach/pool and airport(which I love to watch aircraft takeoff/land, just love it) so that was very relaxing - more to see in my opinion than overlooking the strip.. . The bedroom/bathroom was gorgeous, very comforting and relaxing - LOTS of space. The great thing about the Media Suite was the ability to plug my iPod into the music system within the suite - speakers everywhere, it was awesome! much better than the stereo we brought with us (just in case).. . Joe, our bell hop, was great! Thanks Joe!. . We reserved a private bungalow at the Mandalay Bay Beach - very expensive and overpriced in my opinion, but it was great to have on a busy weekend and especially in 108 degree weather! The personal service there was excellent.. . In unusual fashion, we had two bad restaurant experiences (noted in other reviews) at Borders Grill and the Red,White and Blue restaurants, but Raffles was great.. . All in all, I still love this place - especially the Foundation Room if you can get reservations - just a little bummed we had the issues with the suite(s). I will always return to MB, unless things really go south. . . PS - my buddy AC appreciates the $80k he won on a penny slot - can you believe that? I am jealous you SOB!!
A  fun place to stay! The wave pool is worth the price! Nice sized rooms and a very courteous staff. It'll be hard to stay anywhere else after staying here. Negatives: crowded,  high prices on all  food and drinks. No price breaks anywhere. Price gauging on the inflatable tubes for Lazy River -- buy your own before you arrive!!! Like many large hotels you may spend a lot of time waiting for an elevator.  Overall a very fun stay that may seem high, especially after adding in the $28 per day resort fee -- but you'll enjoy it.
I have stayed at Mandalay Bay twice, once on purpose, and once on accident. The one on purpose was way back in 2003, for a surprise trip to Vegas for my 21st birthday. The hotel was pretty new and was the fanciest, most beautiful place I had ever stayed up until then.. . This review is about the time I stayed there on accident, in 2010.. . My then boyfriend (now Hubs) had never been to Vegas, so I decided to surprise him with a trip to Vegas a few weeks after his birthday. To make things even more memorable, he proposed to me on HIS birthday. So, we had several things to celebrate - his 27th birthday and our engagement.. . I had gotten a killer deal through Vegas.com to stay at theHotel (now you're probably seeing where the "accident" part of this comes in). We would be flying out of Sonoma County to Vegas and staying at theHotel for three nights, all for about $500. Total. Killer deal, right?. . When we got to the front desk of theHotel the agent asked if we wanted to upgrade to a Penthouse at Mandalay for $100 extra dollars a night. I'm not afraid to admit that on this trip we had a strict budget, so we declined the upgrade. The agent, a little surprised by our decline of the penthouse, tried to talk us into the deal by showing us pictures of the room and telling us that we would have a private entrance, etc. As sweet as it sounded, it was a no-go for us. Plus I really wanted to stay at theHotel. The agent told us to hold on while he talked to his manager. He came back and offered the upgrade for $100 for all three nights. (At this point I realize that they overbooked at theHotel and are trying to avoid telling us that by trying to get us to pay for an upgrade at their sister hotel). My now fiance, in his wisdom, told them, "No, we would really rather spend the money on gaming at Mandalay's casino." The agent steps away again and comes back and tells us that the Penthouse upgrade will be complimentary. I say "Sweet" and he says, "No, Penthouse." . . This killer deal of ours included a $100 resort credit, which I asked our agent if it covered the resort fee. He said usually no, but that he would waive the resort fee. We were definitely feeling like some lucky SOBs at this point.. . Okay, so now we have a Penthouse. And $100 resort credit, and no resort fees. Things are looking good. We find the private elevator and up we go to the second highest floor. Granted, we are facing the airport but I don't think we really cared too much at this point.. . This penthouse was insane. I felt like we needed an entourage to stay there. HUGE is the only way to put it.. . However, the rooms are starting to show their age. The air conditioner in the living area rattled a bit (funny story there involving the handyman who came to work on it, but it's not something I will share on Yelp). Some of the controls didn't work great. But for the price we paid it was amazing. So baller. And quiet on those top floors. Seriously, the private elevator thing was so nice.. . Mandalay Bay treated us well. No one trying to sell us stuff as we walked through the casino, just staff handing out free passes and being very helpful. (Got free passes to Mix and had a lovely time looking out from that vantage point). It also helps that we won some money on Roulette at a little table we found. . . We saw The Lion King here, which was phenomenal.. . Checkout was a bit of a pain in the ass with the wait, but otherwise our time here was a happy one, and perfect for our multitude of reasons to celebrate. . . I'm not usually one to stay in the same place twice, so I won't be back for a repeat stay since I've been twice already, but I will always remember the time we got to live it up in a Penthouse.
I recently gave Mandalay Bay 1 star because I was unhappy with the complications with the billing department. After the manager of the hotel reached out to me, everything was resolved. Although it was an additional hurdle I had to deal with, it does show that they do monitor these reviews and care about their guests. . . I do enjoy staying at Mandalay Bay (especially considering how awesome their pool is) and I will stay here in the future.
Beautiful hotel and resort. OK customer service. I hope our experience was an anomaly. . We stayed there the first weekend in June when there was a big boxing match, dance festival, and teen concert. The hotel's computer system seemed to be down every time we tried to confirmation of our accommodations. Not good for such a packed weekend. . They were handing out cookies and water in the lobby so that made it all better, right?. Despite the drama, I'd definitely go back. After hitting the lottery or marrying rich, though.
Nice hotel to gamble, stay and play- since its one of the first place once i hit the strip i just stop here. I'm a fan of the eye candy bar in the middle. A-lot of action going on there.  The last time I was there some man tried to offer me 700 for my goodies- i took off running.
If you want pools, this is the place. If you are traveling to Vegas with kids (I pity you) the wave pool is great to body surf in. The lazy river is more like being in a bowl of Cheerios and clinging to the walls. It can get crowded and I don't know about you, sharing all that water and "space" with my fellow man kinda gags me.. The hotel is clean with great amenities. They have a cardio-only gym that was included. That's rare.. Great place at the "clean" end of the strip.
Mandalay Bay is one of our favorite hotels. Why? Well, we love that the lobby (impossibly high ceilings; calm, gleaming with marble; and housing a large aquarium), and the other public areas really do make this seem more like an actual resort hotel than just a Vegas version of one. You don't have to walk through the casino to get to any of these public areas or the guest-room elevators, the pool area is spiffy, and the entire complex is marginally less confusing and certainly less overwhelming than some of the neighboring behemoths.. The spacious rooms may not seem as luxe when compared to newer options at places like Aria or The Cosmopolitan but they are still lovely. They are all sleek modernity, like everyone else in town, but the furnishings are cozy (love the window seats) and the fixtures fine. The bathrooms are downright large with impressive, slightly sunken tubs, glassed-in showers, double sinks, and separate water closets, plus lots of fab amenities. Rooms on higher floors have some of the best Strip views in town, but usually cost an additional fee.. There are no fewer than four pools, including the touted wave pool, which is, unfortunately, a classic example of Vegas bait-and-switch. It can't handle waves of any serious size, but bobbing in the miniwaves is delightful, as is floating happily in the lazy river (tubes are available for rental -- we say save some bucks and share a tube with friends). Though it was already the finest pool area in town, recent overhauls have given it even more style, adding in a poolside casino, restaurant, and bar. All in all, this area alone makes this resort a top choice for families. The downside of creating such an alluring pool package is that it lures lots and lots of people to its sandy shores -- so many that at times it becomes more of a pain than a pleasure. If a quiet poolside retreat is what you are looking for, you may want to go elsewhere. A well-equipped workout facility, full-service spa, and a salon complete the recreation package.
Me and 10 of my friends squeezed ourselves into an X3 suite. It was plenty of space while getting ready and whatnot, but there weren't enough beds (granted, we knew what we were getting into). There are two queen beds and a king, and a chaise lounge and a couch (but it doesn't pull out). If you ask for a roll-away, it costs $35, so we didn't bother. The room itself was gorgeous. Whirlpool tub and a separate shower in the master bedroom, and a huge shower in the other bathroom. Four sinks total, so there was plenty of counter space for all of our junk.. . I would definitely stay again.. . (You have to hunt and peck to find an ATM though!!)
Love it.  Seen some celebrities.  Front desk is great.  Always upgraded us for my husbands R&R.  A bit pricey but you get what you pay for.
Stopped in here last night for a few drinks and spend $5 in a machine. We also ate in the Mandalay Place area. Very clean and spacious which I like so you aren't bumping into people passing by or moving out of the way all of the time. It was nice to stop and sit at one of the many benches and listen to waterfalls or look at statues. This is a great place with many food options and of course catch a concert. There is always the Shark Reef with gives you a discount with a local ID.. They have valet service as well as a parking garage with escalators.
I stayed at the Mandalay Bay hotel last weekend. Starting with the great things: . . 1. The hotel pool is great! I loved the fake sand and lazy river. There were a lot of children around so if you don't like kids you might want to think of another pool. . 2. There are a lot of wonderful restaurants to choose from within the hotel. My favorite was Lupo (Italian). . 3. It's easy to get free drink coupons from the concierge. Standing in line at the front desk will get you free drinks easily. Pretty much anything that goes slightly wrong in your stay, ask for something free in exchange. . 4. $75 at any Mandalay restaurant. I got this great deal by booking the hotel through jet blue. . 6. The room was clean, great bathrooms, comfortable beds. . . Not so good things:. 1. You need to put down a deposit to use the mini fridge in your room. . 2. There must have been some construction going on because one morning I woke up to some hammering at around 8am. . 3. Too many kids in the pool. Good for families, not good for the younger crowd.
Casino is more spacious than most other places!  But valet parking is limited to hotel guests only!
This is one of my favorite hotels in town.  The .only reason for the 4 star is because check in is always horribly long.  Last time I stayed there there was a few hour wait to check in.  Besides that, the pools are wonderful with lots of variety.  The restaurants are amazing.  They also have shopping inside Mandalay Place.  The air feels nice in here too, not  too stuffy or smokey
Iv stayed here once, it was in February of this year. stayed for 2 days in one of there regular rooms, but it was so much nicer and spacious then the other hotels on the strips regular rooms. comfy beds, shower and bath tub in the room, and even tho we didnt pay for a view we still got a nice shot of the pool. the pool area is not as great as they hype it on the web site but still very very nice. drinks and food over priced like a mother fucker just what vegas is know for $$ but still fun. nice crowd of people at this hotel.Would stay again.
Stayed at the conference hotel last week for several days and was happy as a clam. While the hotel is far down south (after 10pm during the week, the tram is closed and you gotta walk!), it was a cool hotel. My room was spacious, the view of the pool rocked, and the bathroom was huge with a tub and tiled shower. . . The cons. I'm not sure. I am trying to think of something. I guess the location since it's sooooooo far south (south of Luxor). . . Pros. I got there at 9am and was immediately checked in (not sure about some early check in complaint from 9-3).  Never heard about a fee, I just checked right in. They offered me free late check out which I took since I had a workshop until noon. Then they kept my luggage safe for several hours.. . If you have kids, you want this hotel. The pool is huge and is world renowned.
I like this hotel!  It's a good time!  Raffles Cafe is THE WORST though.  Go somewhere else for food.  The pool area is awesome!  Lazy river, wave pool (which they don't let you drink in, LAME), beach chairs and all the good stuff.  Can we ban girls with nasally voices from Vegas though?  That's annoying.
Very nice hotel.  The staff is super friendly and hotel is very nice and clean.  The rooms are very specious, the receptionist was very nice and said he would give us a room in on of the top floors (30th) which meant we would have a nice view and we did.  The bathroom was really big, I mean for three women to be able to get ready (make up and hair)  in one bathroom and the same time, it had got to be pretty big.  Everything is granite and marble.. . Oh.... one of my favorite parts about staying in hotels are the robes, some hotels have crappy ones and some have super nice ones, Mandalay Bay has very nice fluffy robes as well as slippers.  When I called and asked for a robe, I figured they would bring me one... nope!   They brought three, one for each person in the room.  Now that's some good service, and they threw in the nice comfy slippers.  . . The only reason why I am not giving them 5 stars is because they don't lend the floating devices for the lazy river.  Some people travel from far places and the last thing that want to bring home is a floating tube as a souvenir.  And they are around $25, so don't forget to bring your own tube.  And they also have certain areas that you have to rent chairs to sit in.  Now that is a little ridicules, I have been to resorts in Mexico that are just a as nice and also rated high and they do not rent for you to sit in specific areas of the pool.  Although its a little off the strip I would highly recommend this hotel.
I want to give MB 5 stars, but honestly I have only stayed in now 2 hotels in Vegas so I don't feel qualified to give it 5. I thought the hotel had a nice variety of restaurants, though some had odd hours (for breakfast, etc) and they had a great band for entertainment at night, though not a real club at night. . . The beach area is really nice. Loved that. The rooms are also spacious and quiet and the location is ideal. Close to everything. . . Great value for the money.
This place is elegant because it has many things from entertainment to eating. To begin with, it's a hotel that has a casino. Outside of the Mandalay bay, they have a pool, which they refer as a beach for people that are sleeping in only. Their floor has games for gamblers, from the one penny machines to the black jack & poker. The main reason that I came here wasn't for the gambling, but to view a concert. When it was time to go see the concert, I thought that the concert was outside, but after following the signs, I found it. It was inside the building, making it perfect place for entertainment. The only reason in giving this place a four is because the waiters that give out free drinks can take a really long time & I mean really long time.
Slightly above average Vegas hotel, average room. . . Honestly, most impressed that everything on their room service menu is 24 hours. Having filet mignon and lobster at 3AM after a night at the Foundation Room was nice.
awesome wave pool and lazy river. big casino. great selection of restaurants. decent rooms and affordable prices.. . definitely recommend.
I recently stayed at Mandalay Bay during my brief 24 hour trip to Vegas to help the lovely Misti Y with Nerdy Dancing. Misti suggested that I stay at Mandalay Bay and I am very glad I did! During past visits to Vegas, I've spent time in the main areas of Mandalay Bay, but this was the first time I was an actual guest. I was pleased with the pricing of the hotel and I was also very pleased with the service and experience. Check-in was seamless and they told me that they will check guests in all throughout the day as long as there are rooms (unlike some other hotels). . . Rooms . . The rooms here are incredibly spacious. My room had a mini hallway, plenty of walking room, a huge King bed, couch, chair and flat screen TV. The bathroom was a walk-in with a separate enclosed area for the toilet. My view wasn't so fabulous but I barely had time to look out the window so it didn't really matter. I felt like the room was very clean and being Vegas, this is very important to me. . . Pool . . The famous Mandalay Bay pool. While I didn't get to actually enjoy the pool, I did manage to sneak down and take a look. This pool transforms you to the beach meets spring break all year round. They have a wave pool, full sandy beach, huge bar area, and plenty of room. There are actually five pools and you can choose between the party pools and the quieter one. It was almost overwhelming to see so many options and such a display. . . Amenities. . The casino is nice with plenty of different games and there are several different restaurants to choose from. Within the casino, they have a House of Blues, steakhouse and a frozen yogurt shop just to name a few. However, Mandalay Bay is connected to Luxor and also has an entire mall of shops to walk through. The shops have stores like an Urban Outfitters, candy shop, sports store, Burger Bar, funny sock shop, jewelry, etc. They aren't very expensive shops, so don't visit if you're looking for your high-end designer shops. These shops are more economically-friendly.  . . Next time I stay here, I might check out THEHotel because it sounds even more fabulous than the rooms at Mandalay Bay. . . PS - I'm also pretty partial to this hotel because I ended up winning $100 at the video roulette table while I was waiting to be picked up to head over to Misti's event!
This is my second time staying at Mandalay and it is such a nice place.  The rooms are impeccable and all of the staff is extremely friendly.  I love it when you ask a question and they go out of their way to accommodate you.  . . I LOVE the Shops at Mandalay Place!  So convenient and a great selection of different things.  Expensive brand stores and touristy souvenir  shops are a dime a dozen in Vegas, so I'm impressed that they have searched to find a great mix!. . Plenty of restaurants to choose from and all at different price points.  Also, do not miss out on Evening Call!  A great place to get a huge, fruity drink and a small price.
Got married here. The vista suite awesome, partied hard in there. Great view of the strip.
Loved it!  we had a strip view room. Super nice. I would stay here again.
Ahhhh Mandalay Bay! I love this hotel for mainly one reason, the pools are fantastic. I can barely swim (picture a Chihuahua swimming in the Atlantic and you get the idea of how I look in a swimming pool), but I still love swimming here, as the pools are just so much fun. The lazy river made me look like Michael Phelps and the wave machine made all of us mid thirties grown ups regress to a childhood mental state as we desperately tried to catch the wave as it came in every minute or so. Just brilliant. . The one downside is that during the winter months the wave machine and lazy river seem to be closed.. . The rest of the hotel is good and clean, with the staff all very courteous and helpful. Plus it is one of the cheaper options amongst the more up market hotels, so it is a bit of a bargain.. I would definitely stay here again (hopefully soon!).
One of the better hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. I've stayed at both The Hotel and the Spa Suites on their good deals they offer. The Hotel could be a little bigger in space even though they're suites. It's a small living room but a spacious room and restroom. The Spa Suites were to me bigger and nice for the price we paid. The hotel itself is nice with having their own sports betting area and shopping. The ventilation in this hotel is good especially when you don't smell a lot of cigarettes around. Definitely not dirty and clean here in both the rooms and the casino area. Downsides are it being far from the main strip area so taking a taxi can be quite more expensive than other hotels and the swimming area isn't as big and can get crowded during the weekends.
This is probably one of the better overall hotels I've been to in Vegas. But, it's not for everyone. . Dining options, quality of a basic room, pools, entertainment are all in one large location.  You might say the same thing about the MGM, but this has a much more relaxing theme... . It's for you if..... You plan on spending most of your trip at the resort, not visiting places up and down the strip.. . It's not for you if.... You are adverse to obnoxious conventioneers.
Mandalay Bay has topnotch staff, and the facilities were awesome. Mandalay Bay also has a pool area which has salt water and has a lazy river and wave machine.  It was pretty sweet.
One of the most extravagant casinos you'll see in Vegas!. . SWANKY RESTAURANTS. * Aureole (Charlie Palmer) - amazing 4-story wine tower!. * Fleur (Hubert Keller). * Burger Bar (Hubert Keller). * Border Grill (Mary Sue Milliken & Susan Feniger). * RM Seafood (Rick Moonen). * Charlie Palmer Steak (voted "Best Steakhouse in Vegas"). * Lupo (Wolfgang Puck). * Stripsteak (Michael Mina). . FEATURES. * Shark Reef. * Convention Center. * Wedding Chapel. * Tram is connected to travel to Luxor and Excalibur. . Although I did not stay at the hotel, it's worth visiting if you're in the area! The place is pretty clean! Unfortunately I did not have time to dine at the swanky restaurants, but I know where to find them when I'm back!
As far as I know, every room is a suite with floor-to-ceiling windows and a comfy bed. The bathrooms have a deep tub, separate shower, two sinks, and tv. Yes, you can take a long hot bath (to lessen your hangover and sore muscles) and watch shows on murderous millionaires at the same time. The House of Blues downstairs has a great breakfast -- and if you return the next day with your receipt, you get half off. Anywhere you can save money in this town is a bonus.. . Head to the Foundation Room at the very top of the hotel for drinks and an unparalleled view of the Stip. They have heat lamps, too!
Mandalay is still one of my strip casino favorites.  I've only stayed in their rooms one time about 10 years ago and my room was one of the smaller rooms.  Nice and clean, but thought it was small.  My most recent visit wasn't too bad, wasn't too crazy, and wasn't full of the "Vegas Baby" crowd.  . . Reasons I like the Mandalay Bay:. -The Aquarium:  I don't drive out of my way to go here, but every once in awhile friends and family with kids want to check it out. . -Clean casino, spacious, airy, and doesn't smell like smoke.. -Good poker games here on the weekends.  Small room, but good games from time to time. . -Parking:  If parking and valet is tough, I will choose to park at the aquarium side. . -Pool:  One of my favorite pools out here. Pools are large enough, both kid and adult friendly.  . -Buffet:  Not much of a buffet person, but still think Mandalay has a decent buffet. Costly, but still good. . -Everyone once in awhile I still get comp offers in the mail for rooms, free play, etc.  . . Couple of Cons:. -Events/Concerts:  Expect a busy Mandalay. -Slots and Table Games:  I don't play these much, but the limits are not within my budget.  . . Overall, only give the Mandalay 4 stars because I don't go out of my way to come here.  4 Stars because Mandalay is still one of the cleanest and classy casinos/hotels that you will find out here.  Plus, it's a convenient in and out.  I don't go out of my way to come out here.  But if you see a check in from me, it's almost guaranteed that I am with guest from out of town.
Mandalay Bay one of my top hotels to stay at now.  The rooms are decent, one of the few hotels with a tub in every room.  Wasnt much people there so parking and navigating the hotel was a breeze.  Only complaint i have is that the slot machines really suck and the tables were minimum $15 a hand... Too much for me!  Would stay again!
Staying at the Mandalay Bay is quite nice. Not as much as the sister theHotel (part of the same complex) which is my favourite, but it is nice. Big nice room, nice view of the strip and the airport and a very comfortable settings. . . The casino is my favourite and I like the restaurant choice here. Even the buffet is nice and has a view on the pool area (which is the best and most extensive in Vegas).
My family and I got a really good deal for one night (we were hotel hopping at the time). The concierge and staff was friendly and very accommodating to your needs. The room was spacious, comfortable, and very relaxing.. . One regret during my stay here was not taking advantage of the discount the hotel gave us for a showing of the Lion King. I still need to see that performance someday!
I stayed here this past weekend! My friends (a total of 6) got 2 rooms and were connected!! I flipping LOVED it! The pillows and mirrors in the hall of our room were the best ever!!!  I didn't really enjoy our view, but thats ok... We were barely there to look out the window!  The room was pretty big and the decor was nice.  I did however didn't like the fact it didn't have a fridge or a microwave, but I guess if we wanted all that we should have gotten a suite! But it was cool... I enjoyed my time there and the casino is cool.  Parking sucked, but it sucked at all the hotels! LOL
Hotel is good, clean, and has an inviting atmosphere.  It doesn't smell as bad as the other Hotels.  There was no robes in the room I stayed in, which was disappointing, but room service cleaned up really good after leaving a generous tip on the table with a friendly note.  I had to choose between a 3 and 4, so I decided 4 because of the smell and general atmosphere.  It did not seem as scummy as some hotels I have seen on the strip.  Mandalay Bay "The Hotel", which is an upgrade seemed to have a super clean and modern look  however,  I decided with the bigger room at Mandalay.  I enjoyed the live entertainment and casino tables.
A bit far from everything else on the Strip, it is one of the nicer hotels on that end. It was a good first stop to visit. We ate at Citizens for breakfast, which was a great choice. The hotel was nice, but the casino was empty. Considering there was a convention going on in the hotel, we were surprised not to see too many people around. We were able to play at a table with no problem. The shops are nice & connect to the Luxor. There is a tram that takes you to Luxor & Excalibur. My one bad experience was trying to buy motrin at one of the shops near the entrance to the Luxor. The lady took forever to refund someone for an orange juice & then tried to sell me other things, after waiting in line for 10 mins. Other than that experience, I have no complaints about Mandalay.
This room is pretty freakin awesome. I stayed on the 33rd floor and let me tell you it had an amazing view to the strip. The decor is very sleek with mirror closets and a colorful sofa not to mention all the other great things this room has to offer like for example a mini bar, work area desk by the window, jacuzzi and two restrooms!!! Well actually 11/2 but c'mon!! This is great! The best part about this room is the bed Oh M G!!  So luscious. And those sheets and comforter my goodness feel so good up against your bare bod lol Overall I highly recommend the Mandalay Bay for your stay here in Las Vegas.
This place is huge. We used the outdoor tram to get around to the other 2 casinos " Luxor and Excalibur" because it was blazing hot that day. There is a pretty Dark aquarium in this casino worth checking out. We tried it out and liked it but it was really short. it's kinda themed as you walk your way through it but it;s a nice walk and you do see alot of pretty sea creatures. Check it out.
My perspective is that of a business traveler, attending a conference, and a non-gambler. I stayed at THEhotel. So that said.... . Pros:. . - Not trying to be Venice (like the Venetian) or Rome (like Caeser's Palace). You're a freaking hotel in the middle of the desert. Don't pretend to be something else that you'll never be.. . - Rocking good Tuna Nicoise salad from room service.. . - Nice gym.. . - Nice suites.. . - Nice chair, desk for banging out email.. . - Ethernet cable for reliable connection.. . - Well-stocked bathroom and closet. (Soaps, shampoo, sewing kit, iron...). . - Fairly quiet.. . . Cons:. . - (Branding geek alert) Capitalizing THE everywhere -- THE hotel, THE wedding chapel -- falls flat and seems contrived. Almost as if their marketing department said, "hey, we want to be cool like the W Hotel, who incorporate the letter "w" into signs and services in clever ways. The W pulls it off since it was pretty clever when it came out. Slapping THE isn't clever, and comes off as lame. . . - Minibar has Bud Light. Seriously folks, if you're gonna charge me an arm and a leg for an adult beverage, make it something that deserves to be called "beer".. . - Room service timing is random. When I ordered the aforementioned Tuna Nicoise after a workout, they said, "it'll be 60-75 minutes sir". I reluctantly agreed. Then the guy came 20 minutes later. Thankfully I was out of the shower by then. . . - The next day, I ordered breakfast, and got the same 60-75 minute estimate. Having a meeting 60 minutes later, I skipped this. Protip: when running a hotel, assume that a certain percentage of your guests actually eat breakfast and order room service, and staff up accordingly.. . - I got breakfast at THEcafe (those names...) and paid $15 for a "build it yourself" bagel, which I had the pleasure of eating at a dirty table. Oh, and the receipt prompted me to tip them for the privilege. THEannoyance...
I was here for a computer conference that was in this hotel, so I stayed here to save on time between all of the meetings and classes I was attending. The rates during my stay are a bit moderate - I personally wouldn't stay here if visiting for play, as I won't use any of the amenities that this place offers. . . I was checking in around 11am on Sunday - which the line was very busy. The staff was accommodating to provide water to all of the people that were waiting in line for check out or check in. Nice touch. . . The room itself - I was staying in a Deluxe Room, it's spacious with a "King Size" Bed. The bathroom is lavish with stone flooring, bathtub, TV, dual sinks. I don't understand why anyone wants a TV in the bathroom. I thought the point of being a bathtub is to get away from it all - staring technology is not getting away from it all. . . The bed is somewhat comfortable - I would have preferred something a bit more firm. The work area is decent, although an adjustable chair would be nice. There is limited artificial lighting in the room, so in the evenings, when writing reports, can become too dark in the room. . . One complaint - geez - they really need to maintain their HVAC seals or PowerVac their HVAC. The periodic smell of cigarettes was in my room at random intervals - but always tied with the HVAC spinning up.
As a first time visitor to Vegas, there is no better and more luxorious hotel to stay in than this one. It is a gigantic property, one of the largest on the strip and what is good about it, is it on the end of the strip closer to the Vegas sign and off the beaten path away from the craziness. . . . The theme is Asian island tropics and the huge beach/pool in the back is beautiful complete with cabanas and a lazy river. This hotel also has a very large convention and concert area which looked larger than any other casino on the strip. The rooms are very large and tastefully done with spacious bathrooms and comfortable beds. The staff is friendly and accomodating. The only complaint is there are long lines at the registration desk when checking in and the elevator area gets a bit congested at times. The casino itself is open aired and the dealers are friendly. Skip the underwater reef acquarium. You can find better places to go on the strip for $40. The restaurants inside are an eclectic bunch offering breakfast or dinners in a nice setting. I would highly recommend this spot to stay and with a connection to the Luxor next store, you can stroll through the shopping mall and never leave the property. Plus there is a tram to the Excalibur. This property also includes the Four Seasons and the Hotel all under one roof. A great time and very reasonable prices.
The conference we have every year is at the Mandalay Bay. This is actually my first time staying at the Mandalay Bay. i have only been here once since it is at the end of the strip. i remember coming here for the -5 degree ice bar once and for sushi. LOL . . this hotel is such a huge maze! since i have a bad sense of direction i tend to get lost. the convention center is FAR from the hotel! every day that i was there i had to walk a long walk from and to the convention center. and since there was 3 conferences happening that weekend, the lines to starbucks every morning extended out the door (there's no door...). . . i seriously did not step out of Mandalay Bay at all. i had everything right in front of me. there was the mini mall if i walk to the other side of the convention center. There was a buffet if i wanted to eat a buffet. mini lounges that everyone goes to right after the conference. . . my room was alright. i was in there for less than 24 hours. barley stayed in my room. Free Wi-fi is always a plus! the mini bar prices are super ridiculous! tv channels were lame. the room and bathroom was clean which i like a lot. when i requested for an early check out because i didn't know i had the room for an extra day -- they didn't tell me over the phone when i called them that i would like a late check out. so i'm rushing down in the morning to move my stuff downstairs to check out before i head to the conference. and right when i got to the desk -- the guy tells me that i had the room for another night. GREAT! so i had to move my stuff back to my room and run to the conference. SHEESH!. . great place for conventions and everything is super pricey. a bottle of water is $3 -- then again.. its VEGAS!!
Clean, fun and great place to go. HOB Foundation Room is always fun and right next to the elevators which make going to the club/lounge really easy.. This place is always on my list to go to and overall I think a great value for what you get!
Stay: March 10, 2013 - March 12, 2013. . Room Type:  GR Suite. . Room Number:  21134. . This was my first time staying at Mandalay Bay.  Despite the location, I've always wanted to stay here, and the room price was unbeatable for this trip. . . The Good:  Staff was courteous, extremely friendly, helpful and accommodating.  While checking in, I requested a strip view room, and received a strip view room; bonus points for Mandalay Bay.  The room appeared to be newly renovated, and was very comfortable. More bonus points.. . The Inconvenience:  Was supposed to receive a $40 buffet credit at check-in.  Issue was promptly resolved the following morning after 5 minutes at the front desk.. . Overall, I have nothing terrible to write about the Mandalay Bay.  I'm not certain I would stay here again, mostly because of the location. However, the tram that runs to the Excalibur saves time when venturing out on the strip by foot.
After a bad first experience here in February, I'm pleased to report that try #2 in March was much better! The staff heard my complaints and really stepped up on my next visit to deliver what I hope is their normal standards. The room was clean, the staff was friendly, and it didn't hurt that my view was a little better than last time. :) I'll never be a fan of smelling smoke when I have to walk through the casinos, but that's just Las Vegas I suppose. Thanks, Mandalay Bay!
This place is a paradise... in the middle of the desert! I came on a comp. night but stayed an additional night. There is a resort fee of $25. Resorts fees sucks but take advantage of it since you're already paying for it. (Even the Caesars Entertainment hotels are charging fees now). Where is the petition that I need to sign against this?!. . So I was able to check in early at no extra cost, around 1:45pm. The front desk rep. was just great. Since it was my first time staying there, she took the time to walk me through the map she gave me.. . Warning: I chose the partial Strip view room on a high floor... and it was okay. Depending on where the room is, I saw mostly the airport and a little bit of the MGM hotel and Luxor's sign.. . The room was nice and clean. In-room service was good. But if you want breakfast in the morning, callahead and place an order the night before or call an hour before when you plan to have your breakfast. Be prepare to wait 45 min - 1 hour wait, and it was a Sun/Mon mornings. I can only imagine a busy weekend.. . The standard rooms were nice but the wave pool was the best! The lazy pool is nice to relax in with a tube (~$20).. . I'm def. coming back for Light, the new nightclub and ONE, Cirque's new MJ show.
Unfortunately I did not get to stay in this hotel, but I did explore it, and I even attended a show (I think it was Mama Mia!). I loved the Southeast Asian theme they had. Mama Mia! was very good too, although it was a little too loud for my poor grandmother. I also really liked the gold colored windows.
Mandalay Bay thus far is the only hotel to leave a lasting very pleased impression on me!! I stayed at Mandalay Bay Resort during spring break weekend of 2013 and I had the best time of my life! I had a strip view room and although the hotel is located at the end of the strip where there is hardly any foot action, it looks lovely at night! I was able to see a great view of the other hotels south of the strip and it is conveniently located next door to the Luxor Hotel where my girls and I like to party at Club LAX. The rooms are very spacious and Chic, with a ceiling to floor length mirror located in the hallway near the door to take as many selfie pics as you like :-D, double French style bifold closets which was sooo awesome being that my Bestie and I had our OWN space to hang our weekend fits, a flat screen TV, a dresser with plenty of drawers, a jacuzzi style tub and see through/transparent shower, double sinks with a private sized flat screen hovering; all of which made us feel like we were at home away from home. NOW! The Mandalay Beach!! Wowzerz! Just awesome!! I really felt as though I was on a beach lounging. The way it's designed is adult and kid accommodating. I really loved how lively it was, music playing in the back ground, a mixed crowed, and pure relaxation. I didn't hang around the Casino much except passing through to get to Valet for our nights out but from what I experienced during my walks through, the Casino is very lively and BIG. My only complaints about my Mandalay Bay Stay, are; The freaking resort fees! ($25 per night), the noisey a$$ house cleaning employees...while they are cleaning surrounding rooms make sure your wide AWAKE other wise you will be woken out of a peaceful I stayed up HELLA late the night before rest! You could hear every word they say, every toilet seat they slam down and damn near every bed they tuck in! Sheesh! Other than those two issues...everything else about Mandalay Bay was nothing but goodie!! I will most definitely stay here again with out a doubt!
Like Goldy Lox, for me this place it just right.  The price is right, the service is right, and the offering of things to do and places to eat are just right.
5 stars if you want to relax. 2 stars if you want to party. lol.. so 3.5 stars but the Mandalay Beach saves this and makes it a 4. . If you want to party on the strip, this hotel is not for you. It's on the edge of the strip and walking anywhere is a pain. There are no clubs in this hotel, just lounges. We drove everywhere.. . At first I was bummed to hear we got Mandalay Bay as our hotel through Priceline. I was in Vegas to party for my birthday. But booking last minute on St. Patrick's Day weekend, this place was a Godsend for the cheap price we paid $90 a night + that stupid $25 resort fee.. . LOCATION. PROS+++. -At the south end of the strip so easy to get to from the freeway and onto the freeway.. -If you are going anywhere on the strip, there is a back road you can take after exiting the parking structure. I think it's called Frank Sinatra road? It runs along the strip and you never have to sit through traffic. That made me super happy!. -Parking is super easy. TIP! The higher up you go, the more parking spots and you can be close to the elevator. Also you can enter to park from that back road and park on the first floor if you make a right immediately once you enter. It's easy to miss that little pocket of parking spots.. CONS+++. -At the south end of the strip so you'd better take a taxi or have a DD. It will be a pain to walk and the tram doesn't run that late.. -taxi line is a clusterf*** but that's expected at any vegas hotel. . ROOM. PRO+++. -Bathroom was amazing with his and her sinks and a stone shower. The bathtub was huge. I could've lived in the bathroom lol.. -The room was clean.. -bed was sooo comfortable. CONS+++. -kind of dated. -we stayed on the 16th floor with a lovely view of the airport :/ lol. . RESORT. PRO+++. -BEACH was awesome! Never had a hard time finding a spot to tan and the Pina Colada was one of the best I've ever had. It was RELAXING. Not somewhere you go to meet someone hot. I was a happy camper relaxing on the sand and enjoying the sun and breeze.. -Older crowd and definitely more family oriented. I enjoyed it and had a nice vacation. I didn't appreciate this until I went over to MGM grand and felt eye violated by everyone. -friendly staff. CON . -NO LATE NIGHT FOOD OPTIONS! BIG CON. And Raffle Cafe is gross blegh. Thank goodness this place has easy parking and is easy to get in and out of so late night munchies were easy to fix. -$25 resort fee. -Not a party resort and not the best looking crowd (con for some lol). . I definitely enjoyed the resort to RELAX. But to party? You're better off staying at Wynn or closer on the Strip.
I loved the view of the strip and fell in love with the spacious bathroom and Tub  The wave pool and the lazy pool are awesome.  Staff was nice in all areas. $25 resort fee. Meh :/
We are  loyal fans of Mandalay Bay.  We always grab the next promo they have.  But these days, we got turn off by these "resort fees".  When they send promos, the price is on the lower end but if you add the daily resort fees and taxes, they really add up especially these days when money is tight.  We love Mandala Bay  but if we think about the expenses on the hotel, we always decide to do a staycation instead.  Hope they remove the  Resort Fess , or at least lower it.
We stayed here for four nights for the Interop conference in May.  . . When checking in, I tried to hand her my license and credit card with a hundred dollar bill underneath, but she refused to take it.  I told her, "if you take care of us, we'll take care of you", but she replied, "If I provide you with excellent service, you can thank me afterwards".  I was surprised, but maybe that doesn't fly at Vegas hotels?. . We arrived near midnight, and unfortunately, were told there were no king rooms left, so we had to take a room with two double beds.  The room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was very large. It had a desk to work at.. . The rooms are fine.  They're clean enough for picky hotel folks.  The housekeeping did great - I left a $10 bill every day and it seemed to do the trick, as the room was in great shape every afternoon when we returned to it.. . I've stayed here quite a few times over the last 15 years, and I've never been disappointed.  What you see is what you get: a medium tier casino resort hotel on the Vegas strip with rooms as you'd expect - not too beautiful, but good enough.
Mandalay Bay is one of my top favorite hotels on the strip. It is close to the airport, which is great when I have visitors, it has probably the easiest access on the strip. . . The rooms are great and you can usually get great deals online. They always have great concerts going on and in the summer they have concerts out at the pool which is like a beach. They have stuff for the kiddos to do like the Shark Reef. . . The restaurants are straight up awesome! My favorite restaurant at Mandalay Bay is Red Square. I love all of the Vodka and just the Russian feel. . . The service in this hotel is always on point. Everyone is helpful and it is also very easy to get around. it is a big hotel but you do not feel like you are lost in space.. . Oh and it smells nice in there. It does not smell of old nasty smokes, even though it is an old casino for Vegas standards.
Solid choice when coming to Vegas.. . I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay a couple of times. The place is HUGE but you get to know it after a couple hours. Rooms are always nice and clean. Lots of choices for restaurants (although a bit pricey). They should install a conveyor belt / people mover (like the ones at the airport) when going between the casino and convention center as it is quite a far walk. Tables are expensive, blackjack was $25 to $50 per hand depending on when you went to play.
What I liked:. -BIG room with nice decor. -Ice Machine. -Bathroom-separate toilet, good shower pressure, big tub, double sink, TV. -View- I got a great view of the airport (which i really loved. got to watch planes take off and land all night), Mountains, and a bit of the strip. . -Pool/Beach- awesome! Wave pool, lazy river, jacuzzi, two other pools, SAND. -exceptionally friendly staff. -Shark tank!! was awesome. -conveyer belt/moving walkway thing to the luxor. . . What made me sad. -Dirty bathroom :( - The toilet area had a giant ball of hair on the floor for two days! and sand the first day. How could anyone miss that wad of hair twice?? yuck. And there was hair in the tub :(  i really wanted to take a bath though so I went in with swimsuit bottoms because it felt too dirty to sit butt naked. But at least they cleaned it better the last day.... -Sheets and blanket- really scratchy and uncomfortable . . Overall,  I really enjoyed my stay. :)
Mandalay Bay is a very nice property, but it's poor location at the far south of the strip prohibits me from giving it five stars. Staying here basically insures that you will not visit other properties other than maybe Luxor if you want access to the food court. The good news is that, this really isn't a bad property to get stuck in. The pool complex is the best on the strip, with a lazy river, sandy beach, and wave pool. Note that you can bring your own rubber tubes for the lazy river and avoid paying $24 to buy one of theirs. Mandalay  Bay is now also home to a new nightclub - Light. It's a cool concept blending Cirque du Soleil performers with your typical EDM club. There's also a tram that takes you to Luxor and Excalibur if you want to venture to the north. . . The rooms at the property are very spacious. Bathrooms include a separate shower and tub, a small lcd tv, and a water closet. . . Tip: One reason I would choose to stay at the regular Mandalay Bay tower over the THEhotel tower would be b/c the main tower has direct elevator access to the pool level, while if you stay at THEhotel, you'll have to walk across the casino.
Love this place...it has everything you could ask for all onsite because it is huge.. . The Pool and Spa are both reasons alone to come back. The restaurants are all top named chefs, they have the event center and house of blues for music, UFC, concerts, etc... . The service can be spotty especially room service can be awful ( hour plus). . . Rooms are generally clean and good sized. Casino is large and fun.. . Mlife comps have been coming less and less here though...
I stayed here for a conference and quickly learned that there is a huge advantage to booking THE Hotel tower over the main towers if you are spending a lot of time in the convention rooms. It's a long walk. The pool is very impressive - wave pool and lazy river included. The casino smoke is a bit worse than some of the other nice hotels. The suites are very nice - loved the bathtub! The biggest drawback was that this newish facility is at the far end of the strip, so everything else is harder to get to on foot. I soon learned to use the bus. The aquarium wasn't really worth the admission. The only restaurant I tried and liked was the Mexican one with the outdoor patio.
There's a lot to do and the location of the hotel is on prime real estate on the strip. There's  a lot of place within walking distance.
Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. There's just something about the atmosphere here. . . The size of rooms are above average by Vegas standards. The bathrooms are large and even have small TVs in them. The casino is laid out well. The wave pool and lazy river are great. I always get a good rate when I go there and sometimes I get comped. . . The M-Life players club card is worth getting, even if you don't gamble. Use it there and at all of the MGM owned Vegas hotels when you go out to eat and charge it to the room. This gets you points. . . There are 3 downsides to this hotel. 1) It'son the very south end of the strip. 2) There are no hotels across the street. The only hotel near it is the Luxor which is actually connected to it by the mall Mandalay Place. 3) During the summer there are a lot of kids at the pool (beach). I'd rather see people there around my age. . . If it's pool season next time I'm in Vegas I want to go to the new pool party called Light. I peaked in there and it looks like a lot of fun. I also spent a few minutes at Light Nightclub. It looked amazing and I want to go back there.
I frequently come to the Mandalay Bay and THE hotel and i don't have any complaints about this place. They have some of the best restaurants and not to mention the entertainment here is also great! Just do the research. I came two weeks ago and had an awesome view of the wave pool and lazy river. We enjoy staying here so much we almost always request a late checkout.
Viva Las Vegas! I was in Sin City for a business convention. I was there for business, but I managed to have a lot of fun along the way. I LOVE to gamble! A lot of my associates were staying at cheaper hotels, but I don't settle for second best. I enjoy the thrill of gambling. A little too much, hahaha... I really love to bet on sports and for my money (literally), Mandalay Bay has the best sports book in Vegas. My wife (now ex-wife) and I once stayed at MB a year after it opened. It has changed a lot, but it's still just as good as it was then. . . I had just a bit of trouble at check-in. The room was not ready on time, so I hung around the casino for a while and ended up losing around $1500 . That is a lot of coin to lose while waiting for your room. It was not a huge deal. When the room was ready, the bellman was terrific in carrying my two very heavy suitcases to my room. . . I had a room on an upper floor. The view of the strip was spectacular. A man-made city of lights in the desert! I stared out in wonderment. I almost forgot to unpack, I was so entranced by the beauty of this mysterious city. . . The bed was fit for a king. The entire room made me feel like a sultan of the desert. Nice artwork and color scheme. The bathroom looked nice, but that is where most of my problems with the room took place. I also had a small problem with the television. The first time I used the remote, it wouldn't turn on the TV. I called the front desk and they sent up a nice man to change the batteries. Turns out that there was nothing wrong with the remote. I was just holding it upside down. I felt a little silly, but the man assured me that this happens quite often. . . Lets talk about the bathroom. A sunken bathtub, a shower stall, and a little television IN THE BATHROOM! Viewable from the throne (toilet). One night, I felt like using the bathtub. It was very relaxing. The problem was the amount of towels. I had previously asked them for extra towels. I usually need around four. I was not able to dry myself off thoroughly. I called from the bathroom and asked them to quickly send me up a few towels (I was still wet). A woman from housekeeping came by with ONE towel. There was one awkward moment when the maid handed it through the door as I tried to cover myself the best I could. . . That was only one problem I encountered with the bathroom. The toilet clogged a few times throughout my stay and I even ran out of toilet paper. Both times, the maintenance staff handled the situations very respectfully. . . If you love to party, you never have to leave MB. Any type of experience you desire: Asian, French, Italian, Mexican, American, and Russian. That week I ate at a bunch of great restaurants: Border Grill, Burger Bar, Charlie Palmer Steak, Citizens Kitchen & Bar, Hussong's Cantina, Bayside Buffet (twice), Noodle Shop, and Rick Moonen's RM Seafood. All great! . . I must also say that I have stayed at both the MGM and Luxor in the past, and MB's casino is much better. I played a lot of slots, poker, roulette, craps, etc.... It was a blast. I won some money, lost some money, and was maybe only down around 2K for the week.. . Toward the end of my week, I booked myself some spa time at Spa Mandalay. I was putting a lot of stress on myself during the week and needed to unwind. I got deep tissue massage and found it unsatisfying. It didn't feel like my tissues were being penetrated enough. I also had a steam wrap (very nice), a Fijian Hot Stone Herbal Scrub, and a Moroccan Hot Stone Ritual (which I still don't quite understand). The whole thing was pretty nice, but I liked the steam wrap the most. . . There is a ton to do and see at Mandalay Bay. The casino, restaurants, and spa were all great. (Forgot to mention the aquarium, great for kids and adults) I guess there is a club scene there as well, but I don't care for any of that. Overall, my stay was wonderful! (On the flight home, I noticed my glands were swollen. This probably didn't have anything to do with my stay)
You pay for what to get.  This is still one of the nicer places to stay and play at.  Overall good experiences each I stay here.
Absolutely the best at customer service and following up with guests experiences. . They have won me over and We will be staying there again in either August or January trip. Tosha and Janis are amazing and a huge asset to Mandalay Bay.. Billing issues resolved ASAP and their sincere interest in our experience and their handling of unfortunate issues with our stay was professional and appreciated.. After a rough first day, we enjoyed our next 3 days immensely.. Thanks Mandalay Bay. We will be cancelling our Venetian plans and am looking forward to seeing The Phoenix Band in the lounge, the best pool in Vegas, the amazing Foundation Room and the great crew at Pit 9.
Have not personally stayed in a room her but have had friends that have been guests.  My daughter loves the pool. Because of her height she is not tall enough to be in the wave pool but she doesn't mind because the lazy river is what she enjoys the most.  Also they sell tubes for $20 to use in the lazy river but don't feel as if you have to buy them there. You don't. Stop at a Walgreen, walmart or cvs to grab those because they allow you to bring in outside tubes and will even inflate them for free. We have also visited the aquarium. I have been to the many aquariums including the Baltimore aquarium and this for the money is not worth it.
The rooms are really nice! This more than made up for the feel of staying in a mall and almost made up fro the atrocious check in line (1 hours and 12 minute wait!!!!) during a conference. The pools are nice but the 'life guards' are obnoxious with barking at guest between their flirting with co-workers. The food in the Hotel is really good with Citizens and, to my shock, House of Blues being the bright spots juyst avoid the buffet room it was over priced bad cafeteria food.
Great room on the 32nd. floor! LARGE SUITE. It was great for entertaining my guests, had a mini reception in there. Thank you to Gladys the maid for cleaning up and Frank the bellman was knowledgeable friendly and helpful.  He explained how to drive our car through to go to the bell area pointing at the path we needed to drive down. SO HELPFUL THANK YOU FRANK THE BELLMAN!
I will probably book a room here next time I come to Vegas. It's really clean and it looks new.  They have  entertainment in the lobby . Lively lounge and new gambling machines to try. Black jacks are a bit pricey but they got slot machines and of course free drinks.
Stayed here for the first time ever for a Bachelorette party weekend. Upon checking in, we were offered free cocktails and water bottles. The cocktail wasn't very good but the thought itself was nice. My first thought about the hotel was that it was huge and well kept considering that it is one of the "older" hotels now. Our room was good size and everything was clean. . . The Pool area probably has to be the best in Vegas. I've stayed at many hotels, even the Aria, but the Wave Pool and lazy river really does it for me! We had a blast there. It truly does have a resort feel.. . I docked one star because we asked for a rollaway bed to be placed in our room by the time we got there but it wasn't and we had to wait awhile for it. AND the dolly with all our luggage was lost when we were checking out, we waited at the Valet for 20 minutes until they finally found it. We were almost late to our spa appointment, not cool... . Regardless, I really enjoyed my stay here and once I have kids, this is definitely the place we will be staying at in Vegas!
Only two reasons for not getting 5 stars.  1 We had to wait 5 hours for our room to be cleaned at check in. 2.  The restaurant kitchens close earlier than stated if they aren't selling enough. Leaves you hungry if you don't watch the clock or end up on a slow day. Otherwise, I'd visit again.  Vegas is blazing hot.
I booked Mandalay Bay online.THE BAD: When I arrived at hotel I could not believe the line to check in!! Beware you will wait at least an hour just to check in. Never in the history of coming to Vegas have I waiting that long!! Now to the wonderful hotel. I get to check in still with a smile, which the lovely staff member thanked me many times for waiting in that line. It was my Birthday so she did all she could do to keep me happy. I ended up getting upgraded to a 1 bedroom beautiful suite at THEHOTEL which is part of Mandalay Bay. It was AMAZING. THANKYOU so much for making my birthday stay great!!
Nice rooms, great pool. Customer service is really good for Vegas, although i upgraded to strip view which ended up being airport view. Water pressure in shower was fair. Room was nice, comfy beds.
Nicely appointed interior, fresh scent due to floral fragrance pumped into the air. Good filtration removes smoke quickly. Staff were very helpful and courteous. We stayed 4 nights and were placed on the guest list to Foundation Room which was enjoyable. The pool areas were packed and we found it difficult to get chaise lounges, but that's not their fault. Nor was the blistering hot sand. We ate  at Citizens and Aureole while there, both were excellent. Only star deduction I made is the shortage of jacks or better video poker machines. Also the extreme tightness of slots in general. We played several times at several different locations and denominations - these machines are dialed down so tight that we got clobbered every time. It is true what they say: if you're going to play, play off the strip.
Michael Jackson one !!! . Lets do this Vegas baby !!!
I got an amazing deal to stay at any MGM property which also included two complimentary show tickets (we saw Zumanity, http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil-zumanity-las-vegas-2#hrid:19S9n3DPsmmkib35do5BeA), so I couldn't pass up this chance to stay at Mandalay Bay.. . LOCATION - Mandalay Bay is located on the south side of the Strip so it was pretty far from all the excitement. This made taxis to other parts of the Strip a little expensive but a plus is that it's close to the airport. It's next door to Luxor and Excalibur and there is also a tram to get you to and from those hotels.. . ROOMS - We stayed in one of the deluxe rooms and it was really nice! We had a great view of the pools. The room itself is really spacious and it was pretty awesome having a tv in the bathroom. I liked that the toilet was separate from the shower/tub. The beds were so comfortable!. . DINING/ENTERTAINMENT/CASINO - There are many dining options throughout the hotel and casino but we mostly ate at more affordable spots in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place. The casino was huge but surprisingly easy to navigate and the ventilation was pretty good. Loved the floral scents! They also just opened a club called LIGHT that features Cirque Du Soleil performers and there's also the Shark Reef aquarium.. . POOL - We actually didn't spend too much time at the pools but they are gorgeous! The main pool, lazy river, and wave pool cater more towards families but there is also Moorea Beach Club, which is 21+, for adults. I love that they brought in sand so you really feel like you're at the beach!. . SERVICE - The weekend we decided to go was pretty busy for Mandalay Bay because of One Direction, but check-in didn't take as long as I thought it would. At check-in, I had some issues with payment (always tell your bank you will be travelling!) but eventually got it sorted out. I want to personally say thank you to Lia for being so understanding and patient with me! Everyone we talked to was really helpful and kind, which made staying at Mandalay Bay such a joy. I decided to do the express check-out which was a breeze and they email you the itemized receipt. My only issue is the resort fee (but every hotel in Vegas has it now)!. . Overall, we absolutely loved staying at Mandalay Bay! I hope I can stay here again for future Vegas trips, but since it's on the pricier side, I'd only stay here again if I had another amazing deal. . . If you don't mind being away from all the excitement, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here. It's a beautiful hotel!
Gorgeous hotel and casino.  Stayed for 4 days, watch out for those "resort fees" upon checkout, they really add up!  Pool is great as well, never got overly crowded.
Definitely one of my new favorite hotels. You can pretty much just stay here with the family the entire time you are here. Their pools (lazy pool, wave pool) were awesome. Kids loved it. Not so bad it's at the end of the strip.
Loved this place :) Clean property and great rooms. Mandalay beach is great! Takes a little bit to search for a couple of chairs together, but we found great places all 3 days within 10-15 minutes. Considering almost all of the complexes on the the strip have a resort fee, I always just add an extra $20 to what most price quotes are. I would stay here again anytime.
Writing a review on my stay from August 11 until just a few days ago :).  Hotel is huge and clean and full of smiling staff members (for the most part) who greet you and wish you a wonderful stay.  . We checked in on a late Sunday evening.  Hubby and I waited in line for about 20 mins before we were seen.  Check in was effortless and we were soon given a room on the 8th floor.  We could see the In-And-Out burger from our room (Not so much of a good view from where we were but ok nontheless.). . Room:  Clean and very large.  We booked the spa suite and the bathroom was huge with a very large spa tub (jet tub, hot tub, whatever you wish to call it).  There was also a separate shower for our use.  Did not like how if you first walk into the room you can see into the bathroom.  Not good for the housekeeper who walks in unexpectedly.  Bathroom included television (was never used).  Room included a flat screen tv also with a few channels, not the greatest cable channels.  But hey, we weren't really in our room all that much anyways.. . Ammenities:  We used the cardio room once or twice during our stay.  It is not really a big room however there are plenty of cardio machines.  The room did start to fill up after a while.  For an extra fee if I'm not mistaken you can work out in their weight room.  Casino smelled not of cigarettes but of a different scent.  I could not pinpoint it exactly, but it was a welcome feeling being able to sit at the slots and not have to inhale the God awful stench of cigar smoke.  Slot machines are well...slot machines.  You win some, you lose some.  Room service was pricey but worth it (when I was too hungover to walk to a restaurant but needed food lol).  It was about a 45-60 min wait for the food to be delivered to your room. . . Restaurants:  Only ate at the house of blues for breakfast, Aureole for our anniversary dinner and Citizens for lunch. Please see my separate review on those experiences...HOB  wasn't a very good one the second time around.  However the management has addressed the issue I am happy to report so all is well.. . Overall:  Overall the hotel is nice.  I do hate that a bottle of water is $3, and we were told if you move the items in the mini bar or the convenience stand you will be charged.  This is because it uses a weight sensor to charge you for those items.  The prices were ridiculous for those services.  Yes they were convenient but no way I would be over $5 for a bag of m&m's or cookies.  We used the express check out and just dropped a card in the box and was told a bill would be emailed to us.  That was very convenient considering how long the line was for check out that day.  We unfortunately did not see any of the shows hosted at the Mandalay Bay.  It was very convenient the hotel linked to nearby hotels, and there is a monorail that will take you between the Mandalay, Luxor and Excalibur (which came in handy.  I recommend this hotel to a friend and hopefully in the future I can see myself staying at this hotel again.
What's not to love, we just keep coming back here every year as the rooms are spacious, the pools are fantastic (lazy river and wave pool), the service is great, valet parking is excellent and they offer you free chilled bottled water at the valet desk and they just upgraded the cardio room with free weights and mats to do your strength training and stretching!  I had been hoping they would do that because machines alone won't complete your work-out!  Now if they can add some bosu, medicine and stability balls, that would be great!  In addition, we look for the low season rate and were able to get a room with a king size bed for $72.00 a night just before the Labor Day weekend!
It is spacious and lots of restaurant to choose from.
Saw Skrillex perform. Free drinks, great music, good crowd of people. Had a blast!
Ok so we went to Vegas for a 3day weekend in Aug of last year (2012). Well this was my experience once we got in about to head in the check in line we were bombarded by a film crew asking for us to star in a short scene, I was eager to check in since it was a long hot drive, so I said "No" but my friend said yes I'll do it so that held us back a good 20 min. We got in line checked in with no problems but when we got to our room our bathroom door was broken, it off the hinges, as one of our divas called front desk to let them know what was going on they had asked "are you sure it's broken". As much as we are comfortable with each other I think we like our bathroom moments private :p. sooo as soon as my little diva got us another room, it was smooth sailing from there. The man made beach is freaking awesome loved it, and the lazy river need I say more just sit back and let it float you away!! We did have a awesome trip and a awesome stay. Hoping to do Vegas trips yearly!! :)
We usually stay at The Hotel which has really deteriorated and is changing hands, so we upgraded to a Great room here at the same price as The Hotel. HUGE bathroom and jacuzzi tub, lots of TVs you don't really need etc, internet included as it should be. Best water park in Vegas, do not miss the wave pool. . We are big fans of the Mandalay Bay Complex.. . Quieter and more adult upscale on the SouthEnd away from The Strip imo but you can pay for a lot of taxis if you don't have a car. The Mandalay Bay complex also has some excellent restaurants, Aureole for one, and you could just stay on this property if you are tired of the strip. They also have theaters and nightclubs, and The House of Blues is a decent enough restaurant with some fine music. We DID decide to head downtown to the Golden Nugget on the weekend to try it, saving $100 on the weekend nights here without their onerous $25 resort fee PLUS TAX. Golden Nugget is nowhere near as quiet of course.
Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, NV was a perfect match for my recent Vegas vacation! It was was located on the Vegas Strip, within walking distance to great attractions like the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign and many other great hotel/casinos. It was close to the tram access and only a short ride from McCarren Airport. The hotels amenities included numerous great restaurants (2 by Hubert Keller), clubs (Mix Lounge has THE best view of the strip), tons of pools to lounge by and even a shark reef! As for its affordability, it was a steal. I booked through southwest.com (thanks DrivenJess & DrivenTia for stalking their website). The package included airfare, hotel stay and tickets to a Cirque Du Soleil show for what I would have planned to spend just on the hotel. Split that three ways thanks to roomies and I had a little bit left over to try my luck at the tables. Tripadvisor.com gave the hotel 4 out of 5 stars and was helpful on figuring out which restaurants to try and what attractions just weren't worth the time. The room had a great view from 32 stories up and even helped us plan our walking trip to the In & Out Burger located just off the strip. Comfy beds, a big tub and the oh so lavish telephone in the john made me fell like I was in the prince's suite but only paying the price of a pauper.
This is the only hotel I stay at in Vegas.  . . The staff was friendly and helpful.  There is so much to do, that you could actually never leave the hotel.. . From the fantastic beach to the House of Blues to the Michael Jackson Show.
Lights Club was amazing music was whatever but the visuals and the dancers made it so awesome
Love it!!!  Ok to start why didn'tI give it 5 stars....only because of location, the southern end of the Strip, the second to the last hotel (next to the Four Seasons), the rooms could use some deep cleaning (nothing horrible, I am just very particular - I can see deep coffee stains) and finally its hard to find something "affordable" to eat nearby.  Overall the service was outstanding, I lucked out and didn't have to stand in long lines, the pool was awesome (although they closed it a few times, I guess for cleaning or something).  Like all the other hotels its huge, I like the mall that is attached to it to lead you to the Luxor.  Overall, if  you can get a great price for a room, stay there.  I looked at the few other reviews... I asked for two King beds and I had 2 Queen beds as well, but it wasn't a big deal to me.  As far as the other bad review, beats me, my stay was good.
I love the Mandalay Bay.  It's definitely one of the nicer hotels on the strip and compares to other fancy resorts such as the Bellagio and Wynn.  If you're looking to take it up a notch, you can book a room at THE Hotel.  Attached to the resort, THE Hotel offers an all-suites hotel with upgraded amenities and separate luxury spa called "The Bathhouse."  Want to take it up another notch above that? The Four Seasons Hotel is located on the top four floors of the Mandalay Bay, with a separate entrance and pool.. . The rooms are nice and well appointed with huge bathrooms and nice amenities. There's a wide range of rooms available from the normal deluxe rooms to the Four Seasons Presidential Suite so it really caters to a wide variety of clientele.  The casino floor is extensive with more tables and slot machine than you can throw money at.  It's a nicer hotel so don't expect any $5 minimum tables here.. . By far the best thing about this place is the pool area, or as they call it, "The Beach."  It's called the beach because it comes complete with sand, a wave pool, lazy river and plenty of separate pools for adults and kids. They even hold outdoor concerts at the Beach during the summer season and it's really an experience not to be missed.  Where else can you see a concert on the beach for $30?  The Beach is massive and there's plenty of room to lay out, gamble, drink and socialize with your friends.  Other things to do at the Mandalay Bay include the Shark Reef Aquarium and the Michael Jackson ONE show (powered by Cirque Du Soleil).. . The Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite resorts on the strip.  Most hotels in Vegas charge a resort fee nowadays and the Mandalay Bay is not exempt from that.  The $25/day fee gives you internet and access to the resort gym. The only negative about this place is the location.  It's located on the far south end of the strip so you basically have to drive everywhere. If you don't have a car, be prepared to fork out plenty of money for cab fare.  But other than that, I love this place.. . Thanks for reading my review. If you like my content, feel free to follow my travel blog. The link is in my profile.
This is one of my favorite hotels on the strip! I personally really like the fact its at the end you get a little bit less extra foot traffic in there unlike at the Bellagio where there is hoards of extra people not staying at the hotel.....Anyway I love hpw it smells like coconuts/ sunblock in the lobby, and I've always been treated very well by the staff here. The drink service in the casino is really good too.
I've never stayed in the rooms at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, but I hope to one of these days as this is one of my favorite casinos to visit while in Las Vegas.  What I love is the many things to see and do here as well as awesome restaurants and fun shopping.  Ialso like the easy access Mandalay Place Mall that takes you to the Luxor.  Mandalay Bay is also the home to Michael Jackson One, the Cirque show that I have not yet seen, but that everyone who I have talked to about it absolutely raves about how wonderful it is.. . Some of my favorite things are the Minus 5 Ice Bar and then the mall near that.  I like that the House of Blues has made it's home here and I LOVE RM Seafood and Fleur, some really delicious restaurants with great service.. . On my recent trip, I also hit up the Shark Reef Aquarium, which was small, but nicely done.. . Mandalay Bay has a HUGE convention/events center and the one place I haven't been, but dream of hanging out at:  THE POOL!  It looks so fun and I plan to spend some time there one of these days!. . All of the staff there that I have interacted with have been super friendly AND I've actually won money here gambling before.  I've just never had a negative experience at the Mandalay Bay, so hopefully, I'll one day also stay here and experience the hospitality and rooms!
Rooms are spacious and comfortable. Great choices of restaurants in the lobby.
Very great hotel in general. I play baseball every year in vegas and we always have stayed at Mandalay Bay. They have great dining and an awesome pool. Whenever we come back to Vegas, we will go right to Mandalay.
I like this place alot. This place has a nice pool. I used to stay her before they added the 20 dollars a day resort fee. The room are big nice and comfy. hotwire has deals on this place. Only thing i didn't like was how far the rooms are from the parking. Get a bell hop if you have alot of stuff. Besides that and the resort fee i love this place. Location is at the end of the strip but if you have a car it doesn't matter.
We stayed at the Mandalay Bay for 3 nights as part of a road trip. Booked through their booking line for the best price. The valet service is great but be prepared to wait about 10 minutes before you get through the line. All staff is very friendly and helpful. The concierge are extremely willing to help! The room on the 26th floor was great, spacious, with amazing beds. The view of the airport and partially of the strip was also nice. The bathroom was so big we couldn't wait to take a shower and a bath there. Everything was very clean. BUT-our main criticism would be the toilets. There was no ventilation in the toilets which we found challenging a times :) we thought it was very unsuitable for a hotel of such quality to provide such a low standard of toilets. . The casino at the hotel is good. And the Light club is amazing!!!! Great club and music with shows by the Cirque de Soleil crew! Get a promoter to put you on the guest list because guests are not guaranteed entrance as the club is not part of the hotel.... We did not get the chance to use the pool as it was winter. The location in the south strip is good but you have to walk a bit or catch a tram to get more central. There is a free tram to the Luxor and Excalibur. Overall, a great stay in Las Vegas with great facilities and a good base to see vegas from!
I mean let's face it, pretty much ever hotel in vegas is HUGE and this one was too! I love their casino better than any other one! Staff are friendly and welcoming and it's so much cleaner looking than any other casinos on the strip! . . I wish that they had cleaned the bath tub a little bit better and the bathroom door didn't slam shut every time, but other than that we absolutely loved our room and our stay! I love how they have 5 lights in the room and another 4 in the bathroom and one in each closet!!! . . The aquarium at the front desk is so pretty and it's not huge but you just never could get tired of looking at it! . . Another great thing about Mandalay Bay is that their towels are soft and fluffy! I swear they have the best towels on the strip! lol . . I don't know if it's that guests are happier there or just happier people stay there but everyone around guests and staff are so pleasant to be around!. . I cannot wait to come back! Please give me a better view next time though!
This hotel is at the end of the strip, which makes it hard to travel to the end of the strip like to the Wynn and Encore, but this is definitely a very nice hotel.  I stayed at the Mandalay Bay this August.  The room was very nice, the beds were fresh and comfortable and their front desk service was surprisingly pleasant.. . I forgot to bring my razor and I only have few minutes to shave my legs before I went out lol.  I called the front desk, and my razor was delivered to me in 5 min!  For the price I paid, I definitely got a luxury hotel service.. . I also like the clubs and restaurants in the hotel. :)
Stayed here for my friends "Dirty Thirty" birthday weekend. We got one of the suites and it had a "sweet" view - hahaha! Excuse the lame joke... . . The hotel is located at the far end of the strip next to Excalibur and New York New York. There is a tram that takes you over to New York New York but thats as far as it goes. The hotel offers a buffet which was actually pretty good. We took advantage of the Sunday Champagne Brunch. On our last day the hotel front desk was able to give us a late check out of 1:00 PM which was super helpful. Overall the space was clean, beds were comfortable and the stay enjoyable.
Not a bad place to stay. We booked a room for $80 a night on Expedia, plus a $30 room fee in December. I've seen that it's been much more expensive before. . . The room was fairly large, and we were able to upgrade to a double queen bed room after asking one of the guys at the lobby for any "guest comps" for rooms that weren't being used. . . They do have the "M" life membership card. It's free to sign up, and it came with a $30 voucher (with an increase in value the more you gamble) good for places to eat. There were apparently a lot of places to eat there, but we stuck with Citizens instead.. . Bottomline: not bad. I've stayed at worse hotels in Vegas before. It's a bit far from the other hotels on the Strip, since it's one of the first ones you see coming in.
Stayed here for Christmas and it was great! The staffs were welcoming, decor was beautiful, and our room view was spectacular. We originally reserved our room through Hotel.com, but upon check-in we were told that our room was being put on hold for another party so we had to wait 20 minutes to get it all sorted out. Everything was great in the end though. We received a full upgrade from a deluxe room to a suite on the 61st floor (what more can you ask for?) with an amazing view of the strip and the Mandalay Bay sign. It was even more beautiful at night! . . The suite itself was really spacious. It has two restrooms, a separate standing shower and jacuzzi bathtub. There's two mini fridges in the kitchen/minibar area with a TV there and another TV in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom. . . As for the location, it's the first hotel you see entering the strip and it is the farthest from everything else. They also have their own aquarium at the Convention Center not too far away  which is great for the holidays because Santa is in (only during weekends though)!
