We always enjoy staying at this hotel.  However I have to knock it down a point maybe a point and a half if we could do half points because our maid never replenished our toiletries with fresh new bottles of shampoo and shower gel.  Granted they were half full but I thought it was a bit tacky that they didn't give out new ones at least every other day if they were trying to save money.  Plus we like our room on the cooler side and EVERY time the maid came and left our thermostat would be reset to 72....very annoying.  A few years back while staying here we came back to our room while a supervisor was double checking the room after the maid worked on it.  The supervisor told us she did random checks on the quality of the rooms after the maid fixed it up.  Perhaps they need to step that up again cause it kinda left a little more to be desired this time around.  Still 4 stars cause over all the hotel is very nice, bright and decently ventilated.
Being a frequent flyer to Vegas I must comment on the Wynn property.I have stayed at most of the 4/5 star hotels but keep coming back to the Wynn.. I really enjoy the layout of the hotel and the location on the strip.Easy access to anywhere.The Adult Pool is great with music and the Pool bar folks really take care of the guests.I know most by name.There are several good placs to eat within the Wynn but I usually venture out.Gaming is good and there are several cool bars and clubs on the property.The rooms are big and ALWAYS clean and if you need anything they make it happen for you.Great deals in the summer too !
Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous.  Love the Wynn and Encore.  I was just there a few weeks ago for a conference, and well, it's just an amazing time even tho it was work. . . They'd get 5 full stars if their food venues are slightly less expensive, especially their "cafes"... a quick lunch of half sandwich and soup, plus a soda, was still $20+ and not that good.  That just seem silly when you can spend the same amt for a buffet.
I'm a fan of buffets as much as Charlie Sheen enjoys unpaid sex...what too soon?. . But if you do find yourself in Vegas and a buffet is needed, then the Wynn is the only one you should dine in. The Prime Rib is constantly the best in town. The constant supply of King Crab legs is enough to feed everyone who's lost money in Vegas...which definitely includes me.. . The plethora of food found at the Wynn is comparable to other Big Hotel Buffets, but seems unrivaled in quality and motif. . . So why not stop by the Wynn Buffet and get some sustenance for that long shameful trek home at 3am in the morning. Don't worry, it's less shameful when you're full.
I stayed here last September and boy it was soooo nice and modern. Everything was so clean and I especially loved the bathroom, it was so big. I got the suite, which came with a nice size living room. It was very luxurious and love the fact that XS, Tryst were near by. Also love the shops, I was in heaven. Blush lounge was cool too, they have free champagne on certain nights (don't know if it's for ladies only or not).. . The swimming pool areas were really cool. So it happens that my family and I was walking to the pool area and the first spot we walked into was surprisingly the nude pool. I didn't realized it until I turned around and saw something out of left field. The bar/gambling area separates the nude pool and regular pool. So if you're adventurous, go for it :-). . The reason why I didn't give it five stars is because you have to pay for using the gym. Come on, even with some some in vegas have to squeeze in personal gym time ! I think it should be an accommodation that all hotel guesses should have especially if you booked a suite. The rooms are not cheap, but you can find deals. It ranges from $250 and up per day, but prices can change due to staying days.
Loved our stay at the Wynn, perfect place for you and your girlfriends to party all weekend.  They we're a tad pretentious, but it was expected.  Love the decor and gigantic bathrooms!  They did charge us twice for the champagne we ordered to the room for a birthday and it took quite a while for them to fix it but it wasn't too much of a problem.  Would definitely come back to this hotel.
Thehotel is pricey, depending on the day and month it can run anywhere between $200-$600/night. Despite the price, this hotel remains one of my favorite. The interior is so pretty and bright. The rooms are spacious and super clean and the pool is fabulous! The hotel is also conveniently located right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall.
Came to the Wynn for dinner so I cannot comment on rooms or amenities.  Walked around to check out the place.  It is beautiful to say the least.  However, paying $25 for two vodka tonics kind of sucks... but I have grown used to this....
If there is one thing the Wynn exudes, it's glamour. High-end designer shops abound that will make the average Joe feel poor, such as the Hermes shop I browsed while I was waiting for the rest of the family. This casino is very clean with an expensive feel all over that extends even to the bathrooms! . . The bathrooms caught me in shock by how impeccably clean and classy . they looked! It was like I was in a palace!. . We came here to see the Sinatra show, so I got to experience the theater. It's quite small, but I only have the Pantages in LA to compare it too. But I didn't experience any comfort issues so I have nothing to complain about.. . There's also a Ferrari/Maserati dealership here to contribute to the high-end atmosphere, and a Ferrari store that sells many unbelievably overpriced goodies. I guess these stores only exist at places like the Beverly Center and London's Regent Street (the other two I've been to) for a reason.... . I enjoyed my experience here  - I even won some money! But be prepared to part with your money if you choose to do so here.
Wynn Las Vegas is known for its elegance and glamorous ambience and that is exactly what I've experienced. The casino has its elegant look compare to other hotels. Casino staff as well as restaurant staff are very friendly and helpful. The room is very spacious. The sheets and beddings are soft and smooth to touch. The bathroom is also as spacious and it has a separate shower and tub and a separate toilet. Room service exceeds expectation. They even laid our personal toiletries on a towel which makes the counter sink clean and neat. . . The Buffet has great selection of food, not to mention buckets of crab legs (that you kind of have to fall in line for - but it's worth it) . Their steak is very tender and is well complimented with the quite salty string beans. And my favorite is their dessert bar!!! They have quite a variety of good sweets from cupcakes, chocolate coated marshmallows, chocolate coated strawberries, chocolate coated red apples, gelato, cakes, and those sweets in plastic shot glasses (I don't know what they're called but they're yummy - they have variety of flavors including lemon meringue, strawberry jam, custard, etc). Oh, and they also have creme brule which is my most favorite in the dessert bar. We went around 3pm and it was only $25. All worth it!. . We stayed here for 4 days/3 nights (03.28-03.31) for $120 a night. It was very convenient for us because most of our activities were held in the hotel. We went to XS for the first night then we watched La Reve for the second night (which I definitely recommend watching - it's a MUST see!). XS was awesome. We were able to skip the lines for buying our tickets early at the hotel's concierge (+++). Although, it was playing house music at first which refrain us from dancing but when the DJ started playing Jennifer's "On the floor" the dance floor was filled in a matter of a second. The club was very elegant. Too bad they didn't open the pool side. It would have been cool to be able to hang out by the pool after hours of dancing on heels.. . The only two things I did not like is that it does not have free wifi. You have to pay (I think) $14 to be able to use their wifi in your hotel room. There is also a fee to use their gym for guests of guests (or non-registered guests which I guess is fair enough). BUT their European pool is way awesome!!! They have a pool side that is for adults only. And the jacuzzi, I love it!. . I would definitely love to stay in this hotel again. Although, I'd also like to try other hotels as well. :)
Very simply put, this is what Bellagio used to be. Very clean and excellent service. Prices are sky high but that kind of keeps the riffraff out. Break out the platinum card and throw caution to the wind and enjoy yourself. Good on you Mr. Wynn
This hotel is amazing with their decorations, expensive stores, and awesome foods.  They can give you a free upgrade in the room if you mention your special occasion for staying at the hotel.
Let me start by making you jealous.  We received an offer for a 3 night stay, buffet for 2 and 2 tix to La Reve for $349.  Yes, all of that for so little.  Basically what you would call a steal of a deal.  Steve Wynn must have been feeling REALLY generous.  He must be having pity of the "little" people such as ourselves.. . Now on to my review and I will not be redundant. What a resort!  You do not have to ever leave it because everything you need is on premises.  The room was awesome with a spectacular view on the 37th floor, room 3749 to be exact.  It was a King Deluxe and my fav features were the tub for 2 with waterfall filler, separate toilet (which is good when you live with a man).  The furnishings were quality down to the note paper stock.  The service was great, with friendly, courteous staff.  The atmosphere despite it's elegance was comfortable and not too snooty.. . My not so fav features were the loud booming music waves from the clubs at 4am but that was easily solved with earplugs.  Other not so fav thing was that you have 60 seconds to pick-up a stocked food item before you are charged.  Really?!  I mean, really?!  I felt like a kid being watched by mom as she warned, "Don't touch a thing, you hear!". . The buffet, oh, the buffet.  It was our first buffet on this trip and after going to the Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood buffets we realized we were spoiled and didn't appreciate it's quality.  As crab lovers, we were disappointed that they only had snow crab and not king as I had read on reviews.  To top it off, some were very salty with an occasional one here and there that was just right.  The peeled, fresh shrimp were perfectly cooked.  Our favorite by far, was a trout Roulette on a crostini which was so flavorful and literally is making my mouth water as I type this.  All the food was fresh and presented nicely.  For free, the price was right but we both agreed that we will visit it again and it's worth the 40 bucks. . . Without a doubt, if we get another deal we will make the Wynn our home.  It was a great experience!
We spent one glorious Thursday night here celebrating my man's birthday, and it was fabulous from start to finish.  Checking in was easy ... although there were about 10 people in front of me, I was on the way to my room in under 20 minutes. Nice.. . Room was beautiful, with floor to ceiling windows and a terrific view of The Strip that allowed us to view the TI pirate show from a very cool vantage point. We could even see the Lake of Dreams below us and the light show that goes off every 30 mins or so at night.  Very cool.   The bed was super comfy, huge bathroom with a vanity and makeup mirror (being a girl, I LOVE that) and even a small TV. In addition, there was a phone in the little adjacent loo room too - CLASSY STUFF!  . . We loved the remote control console on the nightstand that allowed us to operate the lights and curtains with a single touch.  So cool.. . For dinner, I pre-ordered room service for a 6:30 delivery time and they were only about 7 minutes late, which I thought was impressive.  The food that room service prepares is awesome! We had ... Angus Beef Sliders, Chicken Fingers, Spring Rolls, a side of Fries and a side of Onion Rings. For dessert, I went with the Warm Apple Tart with ice cream on the side and a slice of Cheesecake.  Oh my, oh my ... No kidding my friends, each and every item was fantastic! The service was super elegant and attentive to the little details.. . I will definitely stay at the Wynn again and next time will probably request a room overlooking the gorgeous golf course. As a Las Vegas local, any opportunity to look out a window and see TREES and GRASS is an opportunity that is hard to resist!  hee hee
Fun and friendly.  . . I had a much needed and memorable stay at the Encore but often found myself over at the Wynn wing.  The service staff was friendly and attentive and full of life.  It seemed to be a good balance of crazy las vegas fun and escape to a quiet wing at the Encore for down-time.
An absolutely fantastic stay at the Wynn.. . We were looking to go a bit fancy for a bachelor party, and managed to snag this five-star by bidding on Priceline for $110 per night.. . Though it's a bit north of the main action on the strip, we didn't find this to be too inconvenient, and the close proximity to the Fashion Mall was handy (for the cheap food court, booze at ABC stores, and clothing, etc.) Were it my first time in Vegas, I might opt for something more central.. . Check-in was a bit of a hassle, with one agent telling us we'd have to wait a couple of hours (it was well past check-in time) for our rooms to be ready. We were suspicious, and approached another agent, which resulted in us securing our rooms right away. Not a good first impression. Check-out wasn't much better, with long waits, and that friggin' $20 per night resort fee being tacked on despite any prior notice.. . Having said that, the resort fee (which we were led to believe was included), would have been more than worth it, as it nets you: (1) wi-fi access in your room, (2) gym access, and (3) pool access (eh, this may be included in the price of the room) . . The gym has everything you need, and plenty of treadmills. Free fruit was all I needed for a light breakfast, and I liked having personal-use headphones available.. . The pool was gorgeous, and we were grateful for the 21-and-over section to escape from the little brats. Lounge chairs were plentiful and inviting. While cocktails were pricey at $14 (for one hell of a mojito), a very limited beer selection is a bit more reasonable option.. . The casino itself (and like all Vegas hotels, you have to parade through a fair portion of the casino to reach the hotel elevators) is pretty nice and clean, with more respectable clientele than other hotels I've experienced.. . Finally, the room itself was glorious - lots of space, comfortable beds, and a huge washroom. The great floor-to-ceiling windows and fancy drape technology were a big hit.. . It being a bachelor party, we opted to pay a bit more for the Wynn; I think I've gone and spoiled myself for any future Vegas trips. I would certainly stay here again.
This is a really nice resort.  Opulent without being overwhelming.  Nice decor, service and amenities.  The room was large and well maintained.  The pool area was very relaxing.  Didn't have much luck at the craps table unfortunately :(
Best hotel in Vegas.  Clean and quiet rooms, lots to do in the hotel, and amazing restaurants.  So much more upscale than most of the hotels on the strip and it has lots of natural light.  Many of the casinos/hotels in Vegas are dark, dingy, and smokey.  But the Wynn has a light and airy feel - I love it!
The best place to people-watch while sitting inside has to be the Wynn, that casino which all kinds walk through to, well, walk through!  You can't blame the throngs of passers-by who want to see the classiest, most expensive joint on the north side of the Strip;  and if you buy a $15 Sinatra Smash cocktail at Parasol Up, you too can spend a good half hour seeing the world walk by you, amazed at the place.  . . The rooms are amazing too;  automated lights, blinds; the bathroom would be a $2000/mo. apartment in NYC.  It's an amazing place.
There's a great feeling about this hotel, I think because they kept things simple.  It's not overdone at all, and the zen like centerpiece, the waterfall and reflecting pool, is really great.  The shops are well presented and clean, and of course it's very pricey, as you would expect. . . I visited Tryst, which is one of the nicest nightclubs around, and is a beautiful, beautiful setting.. . This is certainly not the place for kids.  Brought my son in a stroller, and the security guard said there weren't really any places for kids, and suggested we go elsewhere, which was rude.  . . The Ferrari dealership prohibits the taking of photographs, and when I fired off one shot from like 40 feet away, they acted like they were going to take my camera and beat me up.  . . Come to think about it, maybe the problem here is the security...Hmm.
Beautifull Hotel, but pricy. Wynn's Buffet is awsome. Also great chinese food at the Red Restaurant.
The Wynn: quiet, understated (for Vegas), a place where the edges have been smoothed off a bit.. . Still - why it took two hours to get a non-smoking room at checkin, I don't know. Those nifty push-button panels for lighting, drapes, etc. really need a setting to turn the backlighting OFF at night. I'm one of those people that's unfortunately sensitive to ambient light when trying to get to sleep. I don't need to be bathed in a constant LED glow.. . The master control box on the night-table didn't seem to be actually connected to anything, and the lighting controls behaved differently depending on which panel you used. The climate control would reset itself to its defaults when you were out of the room for a certain amount of time, meaning you had to change everything back to the way you wanted it every night. A hotel room should not be this bloody complicated, and I'm a computer systems engineer.. . I liked the place, but these little maddening quirks keep it from being tops on my list of luxury resorts in Sin City.
keeping this sweet and short. 5 Words.... AMAZING. FANCY. ELEGANT. POSH. LIVELY. . Definitely on my top 5 Hotels to stay at in Vegas.
Fairway Villa - We got short changed on the view
Such a beautiful hotel & the fact that they're connected to Encore makes it super easy for you to get your clubbin' on! The view of their golf course is absolutely amazing. A huge patch of green in the middle of the dessert.
I will review this for what it is and not from my own personal point of view. Thehotel is beautiful! The room was beautiful! The shower and bath were great! The service was attentive! The poker room had the best drink service of all that I played in. The pool was great. If you want elegant, and posh this is the place to be.. . The reason I don't give it five stars. The air condition in the room didn't seem to work well. I called the front desk twice and they sent people up to fix it. It seemed to help temporarily but at time the temperature made the room uncomfortable. The prices for food (in the cafe and drugstore) and well as drinks are expensive even for Vegas. Finally, Wynn seems to have two very popular night clubs. I'm not into the club scene and it tends to attract a certain type of crowd that I'm not very fond of.. . If these are the things you want then it is a great hotel. I wouldn't choose to stay here again. I would prefer to be closer to center strip and I also like a little more kitsch in my Vegas hotels. That's just me.. . I do recommend hitting the buffet here.
I'm a fan, but this place is way overrated.   Yes, it's a beautiful property but it looks like the Bellagio with different colors.  They do have a decent shopping center with high end boutiques.  I love the Manolo store, and they had Gaultier, although I think that is now gone (boo).. . Decent dining options, and event the basic cafe is nice.  The hotel houses Le Reve, one of the best shows on the strip and it's a must see.. . I have always had good customer service and enjoyed being at the hotel.  . . OH and I LOVE that kids MUST be accompanied by adults.  I am not a huge fan of kids or negligent parents.
Room was pretty nice... nicer then most..  not as nice as the Venetian...  but still, quite nice...  View was awesome...  Casino hurt me (switch blackjack is NOT cool)...  This place is swanky!  Overall, very quality.... . Would I come back?  If there is no Venetian, Yes, I would...
Situated at the other end of the strip, the Wynn is clean and classy. . . The casino floor is spacious. The cocktail waitresses at the casino was prompt. Tip them per drink!. . To the Slot Sluts out there: I hear that you have a higher chance of winning in the slots here than anywhere else on the strip.. . I'd definitely stay here!
I was not a guest at the Wynn so I cannot comment on their rooms. A few friends and I came here for dinner at SW Steakhouse so no time was spent on the casino floor either. In fact, the only reason I'm even reviewing it is because of the entryway. . . We drove, used valet, and upon entering were greeted with a wonderland of trees decorated with beautiful white lights. Now that is how you make an impression. It was so darn pretty we ended up taking photos in front of the trees after dinner. Simply enchanting. . . I will say they could use a sign or something for valet pick-up as it took us a while to get the attention of someone to tell us where to go.
This place rocks! Got my room 20% off and 2 complimentary buffet tickets. Location is perfect, on the strip, right next to the fashion show mall.. . Service is a little slow, but the rooms are amazing, the buffet is even better, and can only dream to have a pool like the Wynn although I would probably want it a little deeper than their 4 feet.. . Possibly the prettiest hotel I have been to thus far.
Our group came here to eat at the Buffet and it did not disappoint.  We waited about an hour and a half, but by the time we got seated we paid for brunch, but they started to bring out dinner items.  Wide selection, nice ambiance and a decent price for a Las Vegas Buffet.  Service was good and food was fresh.  Don't miss the dessert section.
Like the Venetian, the Wynn is great. If you are there to play poker, the poker room is not as big and sits tightly. The casino floor is walkable, but not extremely large. It connects to its sister casino the Encore. Encore is also really great. The service all around is awesome, but eating to playing is typically expensive. This casino is great if you are looking for a cool stay. However, some adjacent rooms are not as sound proof. One night we were able to hear the neighbors partying-it up. Good for them, bad for us as we were sleeping off a coming-back from partying-it up. Overall, I recommend this casino especially when you find deals on various Vegas deals websites. Side note. The cafe atthe Wynn is flippin' awesome! We really love the menu selections there.
The Wynn is so beautiful!  We didn't get to stay here, but we did explore a bit while we walked to the buffett.  The buffett was awesome, and I wish I had gotten to eat more (I was a bit too intoxicated to really enjoy).  The decorations were beautiful, and I looooooooved the forest of lights!
This place might be the hottest place on the strip. Houses in my opinion the second best club in Vegas tryst. That's only behind encores xs which is also a wynn property. Wuzuzu is an amazing Thai/ sushi house that has amazing food.. . The actual casino is clean and has a lot of high end table games and slots. The poker room is pretty spacious and the dealers are very friendly.. The rooms are pretty average but the tv has a lot of channels including Korean channels that me and my friends had a lot of fun watching drunk.. The only drawback is that this maybe the hardest hotel/casino to navigate as you can turned around very easily.
Gorgeous!  Love it!  Will return!. . Had an amazingly romantic time with my bf.  Room was top quality, service was excellent, and the property is so luxurious.  I didn't get a chance to do the spa thing like I normally would ( I was *ahem* busy!) but I plan to return soon to check out more that the property has to offer.. . The only thing I didn't like.....no video black jack at the bar!  That's the one thing I like to do, gambling-wise.  If this is not important to you, then you will think it deserves 5 stars!
Pretty interior and ladies carrying drinks around. I like how the servers ask  every person if they wanted something to drink at the table. I didn't experience the ladies asking us often in the other hotels. They have a ferrari store on the casino level that is worth looking at from afar...Overall, a great experience at the hotel, except for the fact that we took over half an hour to find the car...
Great Ferrari dealer, I bought a new California from Tony off the showroom and I cannot wait until the new 458 convertible arrives.   If it was not for the Ferrari dealer I would rate it three at best, restaurants tend to be very overpriced there.  Also drinks insanely overpriced.
I stayed here Feb 2010 and was/ am a huge fan of this place for various reasons (be warned, writing this review in Virginia Woolf stream of consciousness). The rooms are all suites, so you're getting a pretty big room -- big enough for 6 asian girls to be immigranty & cram in yet still be comfortable (thanks to the sofas). The casino ppl are super friendly and you meet fun characters at the craps tables (think guys that gamble $20,000 in a weekend and are like "no big, i'm made of money" vs. unlucky vegas ladies that lose $2000 in a night and have 4 kids.) The bathroom is perfectly sized for six mid-high maintenance girls to get ready in. MIRRORS EVERYWHERE (KEY for getting prepared). Right near fashion show mall (I don't really shop in Vegas but the other girls were big fans). We had a sweet view of the strip. We had a GC voucher for food which we used at Society -- btw, YUM mustard butter & their little lunch specials. And the kicker which is probably why I adore/d this hotel? My flight and hotel -- friday-monday wound up being LESS THAN $300. Come on... that is just insanely cheap. How could you not love Anything at that price?
Looking for Ultimate luxury and class in Sin City?  Look no further!  Wynn, and its sister hotel, Encore, are two of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip.. . In comparison to the other hotelson the Strip, the Wynn's deluxe rooms (the most basic of their accommodations) are a bit on the smaller end.  If you opt for any of the suites, you will have more space but it's still lacking a bit of lustre.  For the amount you're paying, you would expect nicer finishes and decor.. wouldn't you?  Ultimately, you are paying for the view and the location.. . The Wynn is also home to one of the hottest nightclubs on the Strip - Tryst.  Expect long lines and the usual guy:girl ratio is quite strict.  However, it is usually a lot easier to get into Tryst than it is to get into XS (Encore's club).  Both have very a very similar layout - partial indoor, partial outdoor; the decors are quite similar too.  Only main difference is Tryst has a huge waterfall, but it's a bit smaller in space, and XS has a huge pool.. . The Buffet - in my opinion, the best buffet on the Strip - is also here!  You cannot go wrong with prime rib, Alaskan king crab legs, and creme brulee!. . A weekend in Vegas can be quite pricey - so if you are looking for a pool party but don't want to pay $50 a head, the Wynn also has a huge pool area.  One side is family friendly, but once you pass the point of no return, European style sunbathing is welcomed ;). . All in all, I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
I came here because I had a special offer. Was going to vegas for a bachelor party and was delightfully pleased. THe major thing was when I left the bill was exactly what the quoted me on the phone. They had a resort fee but that was expected.   . The room was great, nice and big. The toilet paper there was way better than the venetian. . The only problem was the beds are doubles not queens. . . I will definitely go back to this place again :)
I have stayed at both the Wynn and Encore in the past year. Both times I loved our stay. The rooms are always very spacious and clean with pretty contemporary decor. Their beds, comforter & pillows are amazing! So good that I ended up ordering the pillow from their store - came with free shipping! . . Oh and I appreciate the swirling tv that could face the living space or the bed... And that I can check our my rooms charges and etc on the TV. oh and the TV in the bathroom!! I liked having the music while i got ready~. . The people working at the reception were not so great at times because it seems to always be busy. The management is great at handling any issues though. . . Once they were overbooked and when we arrived at about 10 pm, we were told we had to spend our first night at Trump. The receptionist implied we should count our lucky stars we didn't get bumped to Treasure Island (where some guests were), when I showed displeasure. We liked gambling till the wee hours and was not pleased with that. Some other issues came up but when I got a hold of the management, it got sorted out. Some frustration and a lot of waiting around to get answers but it got sorted out eventually.... . . Love the restaurant options and shopping. Casino floor is massive and well kept. . . I just love the whole vibe of both Wynn & Encore~
We came here for Le Reve. The show was spectacular and was well worth the wait in line for the tickets. The theater they built for it was pure genius as there literally is NO bad seat. The show is not your typical 'all eyes on a couple of characters' type of show as it takes place all around you and every player is true to character and doing something related to the show at all times. For example: as they are doing a main aerial show in the center stage you will have the jokesters on one side looking on in over the top grandeur at the show and the minor main character who reminds me of a shmaman or medicine man will be looking on in pride as his creation comes to fruition, and his minions are moving around doing what minions do best. Everywhere you look there is something going on.. . The hotel was beautiful and modern. We didn't stay long except to throw a couple of bucks in a slot, so I couldn't critique the amenities of the place.
All i do is wynn, wynn, wynn and get fucked up
Swanky.. . I think that is a good summary of Wynn Casino. I didn't stay here, but had a great time at their casino. If you signed up for their Red Card, you will get $10 FREE PLAY credit. We played our credit and had a couple of delicious Chocolate Martinis. . . We were tipsy at 1 pm and I won about $12 from the Mona Lisa slot machine. Thank you, Wynn. I kinda heart you from that point on. Hopefully next time, I can come by and visit again. It was fun.
Such a beautiful hotel.  I don't remember where I heard this, but supposedly Steve Wynn designed this hotel with his wife in mind.  It definitely has a feminine look to it, from the gorgeous carpet to the wall sconces.  Every square inch of this hotel was well thought out.  Every little detail just falls into place in this beautiful hotel.. . Yes, the room rates are on the higher end of Vegas hotels, but if you're young with money to spend, it's well worth it.  The nightlife has been popping since the day they opened, beach parties are still always at capacity, and you can't go wrong with any of the dining options.  Speaking of dining options, best buffet in all of Vegas.  Not the most options in comparison to other buffets on the strip, but options aren't the highlight, the quality is.. . Well worth a visit, even if you're not staying here.  Lots of photo ops and cute things to make you smile =]
Rooms are clean and designed well. Casino and clubs are fun but it's way overpriced! You can stay at a nice hotel down the st for much less.....would go back if I save up! Ha
Beautiful suites, very good concierge service.
It's definitly one of the best hotels in Vegas, and you definitly pay the price for it.  Nothing's cheap there, so expect to pay double or triple the room price compare to other hotels around like Treasure Island or MGM.  but It was definitly well worth it.  we stayed on the 37th floor and the view was just amazing and the service was pretty good.  The waitress downstairs definitly bring your drinks fairly fast and as long as you tip them something you can expect a pretty fast refill.  I would definitly stay there if I could get another decent deal for next year.
If you get the side that overlooks the golf course, it's absolutely gorgeous! . . Make sure you pay the resort fee to gain access to WiFi. Otherwise, it is $13.99 per day for WiFi access.. . Convenient location if you want to party it up at XS or Tryst at night.
what a beautiful place.  I was here for a ballroom competition.  the service and ambiance were great but the food was terrible.  didn't matter where we went to eat it was terrible all through the resort.  so go for looks but not for eats
Design is wonderful, as are the rooms! Not as high tech as Aria, but still nice nevertheless. The hotel itself is bright with a gold-red theme, but restaurants are a bit lacking. Not that there aren't any, just that they are all extremely fancy, sit down types of restaurants minus perhaps one cafe. Expensive shops all around and my one complaint...$60 all you can eat DIM SUM? Um, just drive or take a taxi to Chinatown for 1/6 the price!
The Wynn is located at the end of the strip, so you will probably want to drive since it can be a very long walk. However, you will find it's easy to get in and out of with your vehicle and there is ample parking. Service was impeccable; rooms were HUGE and tasteful; the views over the strip to the mountains were breathtaking and the whole place has an upscale vibe to it. The best part of staying at Wynn was that we were able to purchase tickets to two of the hottest clubs in town namely, Tyrst and XS Night life of long lines and expensive drinks is to be expected at a Vegas club.. . The casino was classy and the drinks were served frequently.  You can go cheap and play the penny slots (my friend won 135 bucks off a max bet of $1.20) to the more expensive slots.
Beautiful, classy place. Did not stay in a room, but played in their casino and ate at who restaurants (Terrace cafe highly recommended, buffet not highly recommended). Really beautiful decor.
Easily, my one of my favorite places to stay on the strip so far. The Wynn just keeps getting better too upon every visit. They're generous with their room comps and sales promotions, their room amenities are deluxe, there's great nightlife in-house (Tryst, XS in the Encore) and their selection of highly concentrated luxury stores are some of the best on the strip (Dior, Manolo Bhlanik, LV, Gucci, Tiffany's, etc.). Le Reve is wonderful, and the Ferrari showroom is another neat feature that is definitely worth a look. The Wynn just exudes class, sophistication, luxury and the right amount fun.
The day pass is $40 a day!!! so worth the money!!!  I body work is way over priced.  Just by the day pass and enjoy the spa.  Staff was great and very helpful.  They have iced wash clothes with cut cucumber for your eyes.  Go have some fun and relax!!!
My letter to the Wynn, regarding our recent stay:. . To Whom It May Concern,. . My husband and I recently stayed at the Wynn, and overall, we enjoyed our stay.  We chose the Wynn for our stay because of it's vegan-friendly claims.  As you may or may not know, traveling as a vegan can sometimes be a little tricky, and we were hoping for an easy, restful weekend, without having to do a ton of leg work and research just to enjoy ourselves.. . Due to a delayed flight and rental car issues, we checked in rather late.  We were so thankful to be able to find dining at midnight with gourmet vegan options (Stratta).  We were a little disappointed to find that, after a long evening of stressful travel issues, we could not enjoy a glass of wine together with dinner, because the restaurant did not offer any vegan wines.  Luckily, we had our iPhones, so while we waited for our meals, we researched every wine on the list (on barnivore.com) to find if any might come from vegan-friendly vineyards.  Halfway through our dinner, which we spent researching while we ate, we finally found 1 sparkling wine that might possibly be vegan.  We each ordered a glass.. . After dinner, we went to Parasol Up, hoping that a bar would have more of a selection, but no.  Our server here, as well as our server at Statta, had no idea what a vegan wine actually was (most wines are refined using egg whites, or other animal parts).  We again spent about 20 minutes researching until we found one that could possibly be vegan.  Hovering over our phones was not exactly how we wanted to spend the first night of our romantic mini-vacation.. . The next day, we called to make reservations for our anniversary dinner at La Cave.  This time, we asked ahead of time if they had any vegan wines, and were told that they also do not (even though they boast a huge selection of wines).  I asked if we could bring our own wine, and we were told "Absolutely, but there is a 2 bottle minimum."  That afternoon, we took an hour out of our short trip (when we could have been relaxing/getting ready for our romantic evening) to drive to Whole Foods and pick out two vegan wines to bring to dinner.  Once we were seated, we were informed that there was a $50 corkage fee per bottle, with that two bottle minimum!  We felt that as vegans, we were actually getting ripped off- It would cost us $100 in addition to the cost of the wines, just to be able to sip a cruelty-free wine with our dinner?  I told our server that, who told the manager.  The manager then came to our table to inform us that, just this one time, as an exception, they would waive the corkage fees so that we could enjoy our wines.  We truly appreciated this and enjoyed being able to drink, knowing that our wine, as well as our food, were not products of violence towards animals.. . As I mentioned before, my husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Wynn.  We loved being able to eat great food whenever we pleased (fully confident that the chef had our dietary needs in mind), and especially having the luxury of ordering a completely vegan in-room breakfast.  In all honestly, we enjoyed some truly wonderful vegan meals during our stay.  We would love to stay at the Wynn or Encore on our next stay, but we don't know if its really worth the hassle if we want to indulge in a bottle of wine, as we like to do when we're on vacation.  If we knew we would have vegan options on this stay, we would have even gone to your clubs, as we love going out to dance, but since we were informed there were no vegan wines (and we don't drink hard alcohol) in the entire resort, we decided against it.  Why pay the huge cover charge if you can't even have a drink once you're inside?  What's the point of us even returning to your hotel again, if we know that we can expect to pay at least $100 on top of our bill, every time we eat at one of your "vegan-friendly" restaurants.  We were both so appreciative of the manager's decision at La Cave, but will they make the exception in the future?  . . When we left your "vegan-friendly" hotel, we felt like those vegans that everybody dislikes because they're such a pain, rather than a traveller that got to enjoy all the luxuries of your hotel, regardless of dietary need.    It was not quite the effortless, relaxing trip we had in mind.  We would have loved to have at least one certified vegan wine on the menu (perhaps one red and one white, or maybe that would be pushing it?) that we could have chosen from, but instead, we had to research and take time to go to the store and buy our own wine only to be informed there's a huge charge for us to be able to drink it.  Although we really enjoyed every other aspect of the Wynn, I really don't know if it's worth the trouble and expense to go back. . . Sincerely,. Kristy
The gf and parents wanted to stay here and so this trip I booked a couple rooms at the Wynn.  The hotel unlike others is bright and comfortable and not too crowded.  When you call the hotel you get the idea why they receive the 5 diamond award.  The rooms were nice although when I look at the fixtures in the bathroom I can see it getting old in a few years.  The room is well lit, had a great view of the strip and probably one of the more comfortable beds in a hotel.  The only downside of this was even though I was on the 36th floor I could hear loud music coming from the club.  That would be my only complaint.  I like the Wynn and I'll be staying here again.
The Wynn Casino is beautiful and the shops and decor are very classy. I made the Wynn my exclusive place to gamble when in LV because the dealers were friendly, the cocktail waitresses were personable, and the clientele was easy to play with.  Also there isn't an over bearing smell of smoke.. . The table games are very spread out and the minimums aren't too bad.  I was with some first-timers and the dealers were very patient in explaining the rules and helping out where they could. I think they even gave one of the guys a practice round of Let it Ride. . . Anyways I highly recommend the Wynn as a great place to gamble and have fun with casual gamblers.
Such a great hotel! EVERY single restaurant in the Wynn is remarkable. I am also intrigued by the fact that every restaurant has a vegeterian/gluten free menu. When I am staying a the Wynn I do not eat anywhere else. When I am forced to stay somewhere else I still only eat at the Wynn! The rooms are spacious and clean. Everyone employed (and I seriously mean everyone) by the Wynn that I have come into contact with is a class act.  They anticipate any need that you may have and deliver on it. Something weird to note: there are lots of channels to watch in the rooms, but my boyfriend and I have this unspoken ritual- we watch the Wynn channel at bedtime. The pictures are beautiful and Steve Wynn's voice is so soothing that it puts you right to sleep. Oddly enough we discovered on our last trip that we were not the only ones doing this!
This is probably one of the higher class casinos we visited. They have a shopping area and a firari exhibit. The boys saw the cars and the girls went window shopping (because I can't afford shit in those places!). We grabbed some gelatto in the Pizza place and sat outside and watched the man made waterfalls. The hotel is very nicely put together with clean and beautiful restrooms and the floor of the casino is nice too.
It may not have cheezy gondolas, scaled down iconic architecture, faux skies or a fancy shmancy water shows on a grand scale, but what it does have is service.  We stayed in the tower suites (both the Encore and the Wynn) and have enjoyed our stays.  . . The service is great, and, for Vegas, it's kinda nice to feel welcome.  . . Restaurants:  The restaurants are pretty good and the buffet is slightly above average.  The blue-collar blood in me likes basic food, but not for the Disneyland prices at Zuzu's deli/cafe.  But, if you wanted to pinch a few bucks to play that extra slot machine, the location of Wynn gives you that freedom to go across the street for some food court action.  Also, it's a great place for the girls to go shop while the boys play that god-forsaken game of craps.. . Gaming:  Most of the tables are 25+ at might, but you might find a few tables for 15.  I like the craps tables because of its social atmosphere, plus the guys running the tables are pretty cool.  So if I win a few grand, I leave a nice tip for making my gaming experience fun.  Heck, even if I lose, I'll tip them.  They're good peeps.. . Clubs:  XS seems pretty popular amongst the 20 somethings.  . . Pool:  great service but go early to get a spot. . Gym:  very nice, but there's one lady at the desk who gave me a snippy attitude when I arrived in flip flops.  I just wanted use the yoga ball, and I understand the safety issues, but she didn't have to give me an attitude.  So wear shoes and avoid getting scolded.. . Room:  The Tower suites give you access to a separate entrance and check-in desk which makes the wait for your room much more pleasant.  The rooms in the tower suites are also slightly upgraded with a separate living space from the bedroom, although there is no enclosure.  So if you have guests stopping by, and someone is taking a pre-party nap, they are still going to be disturbed.  Turn-down service is a nice touch, and the room has all your expected amenities for a 5 star hotel.  . . The only issue I had that did not give this place 5 stars is the staff from gym were not super friendly, and the environmental service ladies (the ones vacuuming the lounge) were really rude when I was waiting for some friends in the bathroom.  I did not expect that- and I doubt that this would be expected behavior at St. Regis.. . But whatever, it's Vegas.  It's an adult playground, and Wynn makes it a bit more special.
Spent the last 3 nights here. Great place, enjoy staying here, would give it a 9 out of 10 for overall experience, service, etc. Only disappointment was the quality of service at the European pool. Terrible service, lots of complaints from others around us, understaffed, etc., not what you'd expect from the Wynn.
I loved the Wynn.  Beautiful rooms, nicely furnished.   I didn't think the linens on the bed were up to par with the supposed luxury of the hotel and I didn't like how the bed was made.  There was a weird fold each night that I had to remake so my foot wouldn't get caught in some weird pocket at the end of the bed.  There were some great dining options and I like the clubs here.  However, late night the music can be heard pounding up to the rooms here even on the higher floors.  If you are looking for dead silence when you sleep this isn't the place for you.  Pool is beautiful and huge.
I'd say I was charmed by the Wynn's elegance, but I'm a dude and dudes don't get charmed.  Like I said, a very elegant and classy atmosphere, the kind that makes you want to Suit Up.  Bonus points because my friend won $2,000 from one of the slots!
OK, I recently revised the rating and it's down to 4 stars.  While I will keep the original review, following is the reason why I reduced a star.. . While there are so many buffet in Vegas, and I'm a Vegas goer for the past twenty years eating pretty much all the buffet on the Strip, stayed most hotels there, there have been much of an improvement on a food department except, most of the buffet is now "upgraded" with those cold shrimps and crabs that many will go for.. But for me, they are mostly flavorless... Yes I can taste them, but there are so much better way to make those jumbo shrimp and crabs to much better way but they were boiled in such a bad way that many flavored is drained in the boiled water and sadly, what a waste...   Wynn is not an exception of serving these food and charge more money for it.. I am still a fan of this buffet as well as Caesars Palace and Bellagio for their wide selection but I think they can do better if they charge more now!   The price keeps going up but the quality seems stationary...  Inflation hasn't gone up that much and neither the demand, thus they can do better job creating the customers (including repeating customers) happy!. . Anyway, here is the original review:. . Excellent rooms, excellent pool area, excellent buffet!. . This huge hotel has so much to offer.  While some are rating for rooms or bars, I'd like to focus on the buffet which many people are wondering....  . . Yes, it's pretty good.  I'd say, it is comparable to Bellagio.  Wynn has seafood, italian, asian, salad bar and cheese and salami bar, desert section...  so many to choose from.  It's about $25 for lunch and $34 for dinner.  We arrived around 2:45 and dinner started about 3:30 so we got to enjoy a little bit of dinner menu with lunch price.. . Lunch was pretty good. Very juicy and flavorful roast beef, creamy tortellini, tasty anchovys, mashed potatoes are homemade and buttery (yeah, lots of calories too..), good selection of salad bar, and they served tom yum soup, which didn't seem like attracting many people, but I thought it was pretty authentic and delish!   Sushi section needs a lot of improvement.. they had some california rolls and eel roll but not very good.. . When dinner started at 3:30p, they started bringing in some shrimp and crab legs... I thought shrimp was very big and pretty good for buffet (Bellagio had the same shrimp in size and taste) and crab legs were big too. I thought they were a bit too salty though, they want you to drink a lot of water to make you full...Many buffet does that trick... to make you full quickly with liquid..   But it had more flavor than just salt so it was a ++.  . . Wynn buffet is a lot less crowded than Bellagio and many other buffet... In fact, we didn't have to wait for a line so that's a huge +++ for us.  The crowed seem more sophisticated and older, which was nice.  I've seen many rude people at different hotels, so I really like that atomosphere.   If I have only one choice of buffet to go in Vegas, this is my new favorite choice from now :)    If you are a sushi lover, there are other places (like makino or sushi on tropicana) you can go!. . Oh and did I mention they have good grapefruit and orange juice?   It was a nice bonus to the great meal
We spent a nice week at the Wynn resort and really liked everything about it. The least we can say is that this hotel is gorgeous and very classy. The room was clean and confortable. However, if you are staying at this hotel, my advice would be to use the safe of course but also to secure your baggage with a lock when you're away from your room. I used a lock to secure my main baggage but didn't use any for my small cabin baggage and when we got back home, I noticed a little too late that a few small items that I had purchased in Las Vegas had disappeared and we were sure we didn't move them from the suitcase. I also noticed that at the beginning of my stay, housekeeper wouldn't take the tip that I left on the table but the last 2 days, the money was gone and it was okay but so was the small sign with the name of the housekeeper and the number of housekeeping that I could contact if needed. I thought it was strange. All in all, it was a nice stay and I'd definitely go back.
Lovely rooms, fantastic bath amenities, great linens
My GF had a business conference in Vegas at The Wynn. She got a wicked rate for airfare and 6 nights here through Allegiant Air.. . The hotel is a luxury 5 star indeed. Staff was all super friendly and not pretentious.. . Filled with high end boutiques like Dior, Chanel, Alexander McQueen, Rolex, Louis Vuitton, Even a Ferrari dealership!. . Everything is bright and cheery, the attention to detail amazing, all the way to the stained glass butterfly mosaic tiles on the floor.. . The girl who checked us in was nice & friendly. She gave us a room on the 39th floor since we were staying a week. We had to give a 200$ deposit on the credit card. This later was a 900$ deposit - we never quite understood why. Something to do with the Internet which made no sense.. . Our room was a deluxe resort double. Floor to ceiling windows overlooked the spectacular golf course and pools.. . The bathroom was huge ! 2 sinks 2 mirrors, a large vanity and shelves under each sink left lots of room for our toiletries & products. Huge soaker tub and separate shower with room to sit down in it.. . The room itself was bigger then my entire apartment ! 2 super comfy beds with lots of pillows and sheets with a very large thread count.. . Everything is on a control that sits on the bedside table. Buttons to open and close the heavy curtains that blocks out all light, as well as the shears.. . It also controls the lighting, which has buttons for all off, all on, night lights, etc.. . The air conditioning was also nice in that you could set it to the exact temperature you desired.. . There was a large desk, with fax machine, and a few chairs.. . The mini bar and snack bar was fully stocked, but came with a warning that 60 seconds of anything being removed would be charged to the room.. . There was no coffee maker or fridge, but you can get one @25$ a day.. A resort fee of 25$ a day was also in effect. This coverage WiFi for all devices, local and toll free calls.. . The bellman delivered our bags very quickly and even got us ice,. Housekeeping was immaculate, and would service the room whenever they were called.. . Lots of towels, nice robes, and the toiletries provided were generous, however I didn't like the lemon grass scent.. . We never ordered room service. The menu was vast, and looked really good, with lots of variety and options, but the prices were so high, unless you had an expense account be prepared to pay through the nose.. . The rack rate listed for our room was $1500 a night. That's pretty crazy,. . The casino was OK, played a bit of slots, won a few bucks. Was never offered a drink. The Encore casino was better by far.. . They have a 24 hour cafe and drugstore. Both were pricey.. . The pool was huge, and had lots of chairs, downside was it was only open until 6 week nights. Open until 7 on weekends. I was really hoping it would of been open until 11pm, but no such luck. The surrounding cabanas looked nice but pricey.. . Be prepared to show your room key in order to get access to the elevator or the pool area. They are quite strict about this.. . We slept so good, between the comfy beds, and the blackout drapes, we never woke up until 7 pm the day after we arrived!. . The lock on the door however was defective, we were locked once when we tried to leave. They had to send up security to let us out. Thankfully, they were prompt. We were told that they had called a locksmith, and that the security guard would stand by until they arrived.. . We left, but the lock was still glitchy. We had to slam it more then once in order for it to lock.. . I had a small package sent to the hotel. It went to the business center. It was a $8 handling charge. While I waited, they let me use the Internet on a private computer, and gave me a bottle of water. They were super nice.. . Another complaint was on our last night there, at 5am we were unable to sleep due to the people next door. They were super loud. We waited Until 530 am. Between the music and the loud voices, we had no choice other then to call the front desk. We were told they would send up security.. . Over 20 Min's past, I called again, they said security was en route. The noise level subsided a bit for maybe 5 Min's, then it was right back. We were getting pissed at this point.. It was after 6am!. . We had to get up at 10am to pack, check out, and fly home. I called ( this now was the third time! ) They asked if we wanted to change rooms! As if we would pack and change rooms at this hour, only to check out? If anything, the other people should be made to change rooms - or check out.. . They asked if we wanted security back up? Duh! Yes of course.. . At this point I was exhausted. I finally fell asleep. Lucky we got a late check out. we asked for a bellman to assist with our bags. 20 Min's later, he still had not arrived. We had a shuttle booked for 1-115pm so we called to cancel the bellman as at this point, it was almost 1 pm. We were able to check out via the phone with a receipt emailed to my GF.
The Wynn is nice.  Expensive but nice.  It is really the most recent unltra luxury casino built on the strip, unless you count the Encore which is really part of the Wynn.  City Center / Aria / Cosmopolitan, etc are nice but is just different than the Venetian, Bellagio and now the Wynn.. . Definitely expensive, but they do things really well.  It feels classy while also being completely over the top.  Has a little more of the elegance that is somewhat lost at a few of the other big hotels.  . . The golf course is ridiculous and looks like it is in Georgia or the Carolinas and not in the middle of the desert.  Giant trees, waterfalls, lush green grass.  How they do that, I have no idea.. . It is a little removed from the other hotels on the strip which I would probably prefer it be closer in and connected but oh well.
The Wynn is a fabulous resort. I really enjoyed my stay here and didn't want to leave! It would definitely merit 5 stars, except that it triggered a couple of my pet peeves.. . Atmosphere. Gorgeous. The lobby and casino are breathtaking and just exude wealth and glamour. So do the guests at the Wynn. I could definitely tell this resort sets itself apart by catering to the creme de la creme of gamblers and vacationers. Most people were dressed to the nines, and while there was a good mix of types, many were really ridiculously good-looking (and obviously high-maintenance). The Esplanade has an impressive collection of high-end labels, from Chanel to Alexander McQueen to Manolo Blahnik. We even caught sight of Manolo himself in the store. Crazy.. . Pools. The main pool is lovely. It's two circular ends connected by a long canal that's fun to swim through. We didn't have too much trouble finding lounge chairs, though we had to sit in a quiet corner on the first day because they were all taken in the more buzzing areas. The "European bathing" pool looked like fun. Didn't see anyone topless there, sorry guys. The poolside bar had some great swirled pina colada/ daiquiri frozen drinks. Great service everywhere.. . Restaurants. Everywhere we ate surpassed our expectations. We had heard good things about the buffet, and we were delighted by the quality of the food they set out. Our favorite place for brunch was Tableau. The decor was tea-partyesque and the food was quite good (though I wasn't a huge fan of the duck). I ate at Terrace Pointe Cafe by myself one morning. My waitress was so sweet and I had a great omelette and took a delicious peanut-butter-banana smoothie to the pool with me.. . Rooms. Our room was lovely and spacious with a gorgeous view of the Strip and the mountains. The lights and curtains change to suit your mood at the touch of a button.  The bathroom had a great shower (amazing water pressure!) and a fancy little vanity area. What brings my rating down half a star is the quality of sleep I had there... meaning almost none. First, the bed was very uncomfortable. It felt old and springy and sagged a bit in the middle. This is one of my biggest pet peeves. An expensive hotel like the Wynn should have amazing comfy beds! And they even advertise as such! And on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights I couldn't sleep until Tryst closed its doors and turned off the incredibly loud music. We were on the 38th floor and it felt like the 2nd floor, the music was so booming. If you plan to get any sleep (and I'm guessing most people don't when they go to Vegas), ask for a room facing the golf course.. . Spa. The Wynn spa and fitness center are 5-star. I had such a great day working out at the top-notch gym and then lounging in the saunas, whirlpool and waterfall showers. The jacuzzi room is like a dream. The service, as with everywhere at the Wynn, was amazing. My favorite little touch: the cucumber and ice towels for your eyes. So relaxing! The only hitch came with my massage. And here's where I dock that second half-star for my other huge pet peeve: Lame massage. This is hardly Steve Wynn's fault, but I feel I should warn others. I booked a "Blended fusion" massage on the receptionist's advice, since I could have a customized experience with more or less pressure however I wanted. This 50-minute massage is priced at $170, folks. For that, they'd better send me to massage Nirvana. (Luckily I had a gift certificate for $100 off from Amex, but still!). I'm picky, but COME ON! The therapist knew she would get a hefty tip if only because the price was so high. You'd think she could make an effort. She didn't listen to my requests and she used no technique. The only reason I didn't complain was because I wanted to enjoy the spa in peace for the rest of the afternoon and not have it hanging over me. I won't lie, my indignation was quickly soothed by the eucalyptus-infused steam room. Heaven.. . I would definitely stay at the Wynn again and would not hesitate to recommend it. If you want that pampered feeling, this is the place to go. Our friends really loved the Encore, so maybe we'll try that resort next time.
Review is for the casino only. The casino looks very nice. Resembles the Bellagio. Lots of swanky stuff. Regardless of bad reviews, it's still a place to check out if you're in Vegas.
When Steve Wynn builds a hotel and names it after himself, its pretty safe to assume its going to be awesome!  I think the lobby and hallways of this hotel are probably one of the prettiest- I love the tiled floors, the indoor gardens, the beautiful rugs- everything was decorated top notch.. . Our room was really nice too- not as big as our room at the Palazzo last year, but still very nice- and the bed was heavenly.  I wish there was a couple more casual restaurants there- we ran into the problem that "proper attire" was required at several of the restaurants we wanted to try and we didn't feel like going upstairs to get dressed up for dinner.  . . Also, the dealers weren't that friendly.  I like to have a repoir w/ my dealers when I lose that much cash, and they all just seemed a bit stiff.
Love love love...freakin' adore this place.
Stayed here 3 nights with a bunch of friends to celebrate some birthdays.  Rooms were very nice and beds were very comfy.  We upgraded to a panoramic view room an stayed on the 65th floor.  Not worth the extra $$$.  The view of the strip wasn't really that great. If wanna stay where their is a good view, I would recommend the Bellagio or someone more towards the middle of the strip.  . . The pool area is like any other pool but they have areas for kids only and one for adults.  Heard the pool party is pretty killer but we didn't get a chance to go. . . As far as food,  the two deli shops suck!!  Way overpriced.  Roast beef sandwich + soda at one was $20. My wife had a $8 Tomatoe basil soup at the other. If you want fast food, I would recommend the food court across the street at the mall. . . We did also eat at the Chinese restaurant Red 8.  That was great! We had Pork Belly, Jelly Fish, some noodles and a veggie dish.  Overpriced of course cuz they can..Its Vegas.   But at least it was good... . Overall the Wynn is a very nice place.  Staff is always friendly.  Still doesn't beat Mandalay Bay only because they have a badass pool! Loved my stay though and would come back.=)
I love this place.  Good Casino.  You won't get lost in it.  Amazing pool and amazing clubs.
I've stayed here for personal and also business travel. The longest stay I have had here was five days. Although being in Vegas longer than three days is hard enough, the hotel made my stay on all occasions very pleasant. The rooms were always kept clean by the house keeping attendant and fresh towels were brought up about 30 min after I called for them... which was inconvenient but not the worst I have experienced. The restaurants in the hotel are ok... I would suggest going to another hotel if you were going to eat and were not looking to spend more than $50 a person.
It's my second stay at the Wynn Las Vegas, and it was fabulous as usual.. . Booked a room with king bed, we arrived at around 9am on Thursday, and the check in line was already quite long.  We had to line up for a good 15min before we reach the counter.   Since we're there so early, we didn't expect the rooms to be ready but to our surprise, they actually have rooms ready for us already so that was great.  We even get to choose the strip view or golf course view.  They also offered us to upgrade to the tower suites for an extra $150 pernight but we declined, not like we're going to spend much time at the room.. . The rooms are clean, roomy and beautiful.  The bed is super comfy.  The charge $25 a day resort fee on top of room charge which includes wireless internet in your room.  The internet however gets disconnected right away as soon as you step outside of your room.  No wifi in the common area of the property, which is minus for me since I'm on roaming on my cell phone so every bit of wifi counts.  On top of the normal amenities they also provide plush slippers, bathrobes and cosmetic cotton pads.. . I do not gamble but the boys do and they seem to prefer going to the casino at the Palazzo.  I'm not sure why though.. . The pool at Wynn is packed at all times and an open lounger is hard to come by.  Also, 80% of the loungers are directly under the sun with no shade, which can give you a heat stroke if you chill there for longer than an hour without cooling down a the pool.  I like the adult area the most, it's smaller but with no kids it's just that much more peaceful.  Beware of topless women though, the adult area is clothing optional for women.  Drinks at the pool area is same as the clubs, about $15 per drink.. . The Wynn buffet is super popular so be prepared to line up for an hour for it if you don't go at ridiculous time like 5pm for dinner.  We didn't even bother going.. . One of the main reasons why we stayed at the Wynn is the clubs, we hit up Tryst and XS and they are both great.  Hotel guests unfortunately do not get complimentary entry into the club, but you can get advanced tickets from the concierge before 9pm everyday.  The ticket gives you line by-pass into the club before 11pm.  Our group has more guys than girls and we all know that's a problem in vegas, but with the tickets we just walked right into both clubs, no problem. Tickets for Tryst is $35 for guys and $20 for girls, and for XS it's $50 guys $25 girls.. . As a guest at Wynn we also have access to the Encore pool, but then when we wanted to go to the Encore Beach Club, we were told that we'd have to get tickets ahead of time as well so we passed.  That was disappointing though given how other comparable hotels provide complimentary entries into the pool party for guests.. . Other than that, the hotel is great.  I also love the location of it, even though it's not in the middle of the strip.  I like how it's away from all the tackiness of Vegas and I can do without sitting through traffic on the strip. The Fashion Show Mall that's right across from the hotel is also my favorite shopping destination on the strip.  All in all, Wynn is a classy luxury hotel with character.  I love it and would go back for sure next time.
A great casino. A great hotel. Great restaurants and bars. What more can be said of Wynn that hasn't been said before?. . Only downside...no strollers. I guess rich people have babies that can walk...or can pay a nanny to hold the baby all day.
Beautiful place but has always taken all my money
The Wynn is an amazing resort property.  Combined with  adjoining Encore, Wynn can boast of an incredible variety of rooms, restaurants and entertainment options.  . . I was lucky to be upgraded to a room on one of the high floors, with a panoramic view.  The housekeeping and room service staff are fast and friendly, the concierge staff take a real interest in helping you, and they even have a Quality Control group that checks on guests' well-being.  The dining options in particular are impressive.. . I found the gatekeepers at the clubs--XS, Tryst and Surrender--to be an obnoxious bunch, even if you were simply passing by, with no interest in clubbing.  But then, they are dealing with young, desperate and rowdy elements, drawn from a wide cross-section of entertainment seekers.. . Wynn provides the best balance of upmarket feel, great service and reasonable location when you in LV NV.  I wouldn't go to another hotel, unless I am offered a fancy room elsewhere as a comp for being a high roller.  The odds of that being the case, or of me visiting Vegas at a reasonable frequency, are very low.
The Wynn more than delivers on the customer service front, the staff is always attentive and courteous. Shopping and restaurants are definitely geared toward high end clientele which, I view as a good thing if your looking to escape Vegas' more raucous side. I stayed in one of the regular rooms facing the front of the hotel which proved to be quite noisy but I've found that is the case at most hotels on the strip. The room is spacious with a very clean modern feel to it. I would definitely stay here again, even though its not my favorite ::cough:: Aria::cough::this hotel easily makes my top 5 here.
Beautiful Property!!!!! Extremely expensive but if you have the money, plan on spending it here! There's a very high cover at all the nightclubs so there's no riff raff in this place. Scenery is ammmmmmmmmazzzzzzzzzzzzinnnnnnng! The shops were so much fun to go thru and the little bakeries are so cheap to eat at. We even won at the slots! We plan on keeping an eye on the rates for this place & making it our next hotel we stay at.
The place has everything you'd expect from an exceptional, five star hotel. It's my favorite hotel in Vegas, and coming here you never even have to leave since it has the best club (XS) and food. So I'm going to tell you about some off beat kind of stuff: . . -Even from the 32nd floor, you can hear some bumping from the clubs at night, past 3am. I feel sorry for those on the low floors. By the way, 32nd isn't even considered high in this pseudo skyscraper . . -Exceptional maid service! I don't mean to sound like an elitist, but really! They tell you her name, she cleans up everything and puts things away, but in a really non invasive way. Everything in the bathroom was arranged neatly, and no evidence of any pre club boozing in the room the night before. Seriously, this is a real maid.
I have stayed at Encore and thoughts I'd try out Wynn.  Although it is very nice, I feel the level of service at Encore is better.  . . If you can choose between the two, choose Encore!
Gorgeous well-maintained casino. I remember when it first opened, it was very dull and stuffy but now is is party-central! It has a lively atmospehere and is very crowded; two things I prefer in a casino. If you prefer the same level of quality but on a smaller scale, with fewer crowds, then Encore is for you. One complaint is there aren't any nearby casinos to walk to just in case you want a change of scenery.
I loved my stay here with the exception of the SW steakhouse. My room was great, the service was great, the venue is beautiful.
This is by-far the most over-the-top hotel I've ever experienced. I got a Saturday rate of $143 on Hotwire (on Memorial Day weekend to boot) and decided I couldn't pass up the opportunity. They gave me a room on a high floor with an amazing view of the Strip and Treasure Island. The room itself wasn't huge by Vegas standards, but the bathroom was, and it had a TV that I could watch while I showered. . . Of course, being a hotel that screams "money" in every possible way isn't something that a broke 21-year old college student can really take advantage of. I quickly realized that, even though I'd scored an amazing rate on my room, I couldn't actually afford to eat, drink, or gamble inside the Wynn itself. I had to go back out onto the Strip to find the more affordable offerings.. . Am I glad I stayed here to try it? Yes. Would I stay here again if I had more disposable income? Yes. Until then... I'll opt elsewhere if I'm ever back in town.
I liked the Wynn and I stayed her for a short time however I have stayed at the encore, Wynns sister hotel , and I LOVE the encore. The room at the Wynn was really nice but alot smaller then the Encore.  I'm guessing the encore is an all suite resort . Anyhow, fabulous shops and great dining. There is an outdoor dining restaurant at the Wynn with an amazing view of the golf course and waterfall. Simply breathtaking! Great pool. Good customer service. Would definitely stay at the Wynn if the Encore was unavailable.
Saw Garth, excellent venue, excellent show.
Pro's: beautiful hotel.           Classy. . Cons: stuffy image. Makes me feel like u need a dinner jacket every time you enter..            The light show although nice, is a bit short.
Ok. I'll keep this short. It's a beautiful hotel if you're looking for a "higher end" hotel on the strip (compared to Paris, NY NY, Caesar's Palace, etc.) but it's really not worth it IMO.  Spend the extra few bucks and upgrade to the Palazzo and you'll enjoy it exponentially.  All the rooms at the Palazzo are suites and offer a more indulgent feel.  . . But if you insist on staying here, the rooms are big and spacious. The bathrooms have duel sinks, separate shower and tubs and the amenities are top notch.   Floor to ceiling windows are amazing and the beds are great.  HOWEVER, the walls are paper thin. You can hear your neighbors and even though we were on the 32nd floor, we could hear the bass thumping from Tryst nightclub below all night.  Now, don't get me wrong. Tryst is a great club with an amazing patio waterfall but if you're looking for some shuteye before an early flight the next morning, this is not the hotel for you.
I decided to call the 800 # before committing on the net.  The woman stated that she could give me a special off.  I could have the normal room for $300.  Or I could be in the Tower Suites with separate VIP entrance/check in, 600sq ft sized suite and free Wi-fi and free breakfast for $315.  WOW.  Sooo glad I called.  The room was great.  Service very good.  However, I can not give 5 stars because of the noise from the dance club.  The reviews are right.  Even on Floor 52, the thumping bass kept us awake til 2-3am.  I did try the buffet.  I'd rate it 3.5.  I still give my vote to Bellagio's Buffet and Bellagio's Lakeview room as Wynn's Strip View Room did nothing for me.  If you are planning on staying at Wynn.  Call and get the deal I got!  Better yet, stay at Bellagio with a great view and great Buffet and directly in the middle of the Strip.
Love the Wynn (and Encore).  The location is great because you are at the northern end of the strip and away from the huge crowds.  The amenities are great and it feels spacious.  The rooms are great, my only complaint would be the water pressure for the shower.. . The casino area is well planned, the layout is good and easy to navigate through.  I love the sportsbook :). . The Wynn/Encore will always be my hotel of choice in Vegas.
If you are staying in Las Vegas, you need to stay here.  If you do not, you will lose all your money at another hotel.
Stayed here a few times, beautiful classy casino/hotel.  One of my favorite places here is Zoozacrackers Deli killer Zooza Burger and Zooza Bene!  The suites are large and well appointed but unless you catch a good deal this place is pricey to stay at.  The casino and nightclubs here are also nice with good service.  In addition the strip of high end shops makes for interesting shopping.  In particular the high end watcth store staff was sooo friendly not snooty like other places.  The let me try on a $250,000 watch and gave me some free magazines as well-gotta love that!  Fashion Mall and Strip Steak are located right across the street as well.  The buffet here gets rave reviews, but I only classify it as good.
There's a resaon why it's a $1000 per night.  Has the highest star among all Vegas hotels, has the best rooms and the lobby & casino are just amazing.  Look forward to staying here again.  I just wish eat cost a little less.
Had an offer, paid about $150/nite for 2 nights plus 2 free buffets and 2 free Le Reve tix, otherwise it would be expensive. The room is great, with a control panel for lights and window  curtain, whole wall window with great view from 28th floor. Clean and nice, the hotel is great, a lot of restaurant and entertainment options, Le Reve is fantastic! It's a little far from the Strip, there is no monorail station close, it's like a 15 min walk. But you can take a cab to say MGM for about $10 if you want to visit other places. Has a golf course and private villas if you are interested, also a beach club. I understand that it's the only 5 star 5 diamonds hotel in the world, but it probably refers to the villas. WiFi is free if you pay the resort fee, otherwise it's $13/day.
EPIC hotel from top to bottom. If you have the money you will not be disappointed with the Wynn. Remote control window coverings the service top notch. . . Why only 4 stars ? if you're a working man who like to dress a little casual you will feel out place almost looked down upon. a bit too snooty for my working class lifestyle
The Wynn is a beautiful hotel. I enjoy walking around the hotel and looking at the fine detailing. The ceiling, walls, drapes, columns, flowers..it's obvious Steve W has exceptional taste. I've seen no other on the strip as lovely.
Wynn is one of the few truly unique luxury hotels. There really isn't anything else quite like it (except Encore next door, but that's a separate review). The lobby is beautiful and spacious, the casino is large and clean, and the rooms are immaculate. I like the way the hallways curve to follow the contours of the building. . . I know that last part doesn't help you much but I just wanted to add it here. . . From check in to check out, everyone with whom we came into contact was cheery, upbeat, and always extended nice greetings. . . A couple of financial matters bugged me just a little. There is a $25 daily resort fee. This basically gives you the use of their gym. And there is a $150 security deposit PER DAY! I was surprised by this. My three night stay amounted to $450 in security deposits. Of course, I got it back after checking out. But I think that's a bit steep. . . But the rooms are quite nice, even the basic ones. Ours was the basic and had incredible views of the strip, a comfortable leather white couch, and a TV in the bathroom. Gotta love that. . . We booked straight through the Wynn and saw La Reve in the Wynn Theater. This show is amazing and a must see. You'll never look at the water the same again. Also, after seeing La Reve, you'll look at the carpeting in the room hallways a little differently. You'll see a connection. Just trust me on this.. . So I would definitely come back, just be aware of those fees and you'll be fine. And quite honestly for the experience, it's all worth it.
This is the best hotel in Las Vegas. The rooms are clean and spacious. The casino does not smell like cigaret smoke which is a plus since I hate smoke. This is one of the few hotels where I wasnt approached by a hooker in the casino. The lobby was amazing! The staff is friendly.  Room service was fast and the food was delicious. . . I gave this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because I had trouble checking in my luggage. I arrived early and since my room wasnt ready I had to check in my luggage. The line was long and they only had one employee working. I waited about 30 minutes to drop off my luggage. When I handed all my Louis Vuitton luggage to the guy he decided to put it on the floor. I almost fainted. When I told him all my luggage was fragile he put a sticker on everything and put my stuff on top of everyone's luggage.
I loved staying at the Wynn.  The hotel is very comfortable and seemingly not as trashy feeling as some hotels and casinos in Vegas.  The decor is nice and not cheesy and the restaurants and cafes in the hotel are delicious (overpriced in my opinion, but it's Vegas...) I love their Parasol bar and the little show that comes on every so often outside in the lake.  It's a little trippy, but kind of neat too.
This is one of the best casino hotels around the Vegas strip.  They have a beautiful interior and draw a classier crowd than many of the other casinos.  They have an excellent selection of fine dining restaurants, clubs and upscale shopping.  This is definitely one of the top tier destinations in Vegas.
I did not stay at the Wynn, but I spent most of my "casino" time here since it was across the street from The Palazzo. I didn't see the rooms, but the casino itself was pretty nice (although a little quiet). The ventilation in there was decent, so you didn't end up smelling like smoke when you left the casino. The shopping area is a little small, and the buffet is just ok, but I would stay here if I visited Las Vegas again.
Oh, the Wynn. You almost win me over. :-). . I had a business trip to the Wynn, and like many people who visit here I have little proclivity to gamble. I'm not really a drinker, and while I enjoy fine dining I prefer smaller, off-the-beaten-trail places to big blingy restaurants. But hell, this is Vegas ... and if I'm going to go big, I might as well do it right.. . The Wynn's expansiveness includes a Ferrari dealership, boutiques for brands you may never have heard of (mutter the words "Patek Philippe" around your wristwatch snob friends and watch the eyebrows raise), and some really fantastic restaurants. The place is also a convention factory, meaning that there's always guaranteed to be a steady stream of convention goers, eyeing the casino warily.. . And the casino. A dizzying blue of lights, bells, roars and sighs. A bit like the proverbial boat; a hole in the water into which you constantly throw money. I noted that it's almost impossible to get anywhere in the Wynn without walking through the casino. This was definitely deliberate.. . But in terms of an actual hotel experience, the Wynn is top-notch. Our end room had two spectacular windows looking out over the city. The motorized curtains and automatically dimming lights make you feel like a movie star when you walk in the room. And the little cans of nuts and chocolate remind you that you're in Vegas ... where you pay for EVERYTHING.. . (I calculated that taking all of the snack nuts would cost about $120.). . Yes, you pay for everything. Internet is $12 per day. Bottled water was $8 per bottle. And I'm pretty sure there was a toilet-flushing tax added onto my bill too.. . So if you're heading to Vegas and you want to stay at the Wynn,I wholeheartedly encourage it; it's an experience you won't soon forget. Just make sure you bring a lot of Pesos, even if you don't plan on gambling.
My wife and I travel to Las Vegas a couple times a year, we have stayed at MGM Signature Towers, Caesars Palace, Palazzo, we decided to try the Wynn we spent thousands in the shops Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton and the staff were pleasant and helped my wife and daughter with an enjoyable shopping experience.  The hotel staff on the other hand needs a lot of lessons on handling and defusing escalating problems, we paid for 2 rooms adjoining a night not a very cheap experience as you can read from the other posts.  Our grandson who is 8 accompanied us on this trip as it was a surprise his mother was getting engaged, he had lost his father to a drunk driver when he was a couple months old and now she had found a nice guy and long story short the fiance's first trip here also to surprise our daughter with the engagement.  His first night with us at the Wynn and our third night the room next to us room 5755 started getting really loud I contacted security and seemed the problem was fixed, at 2300 hours it began again once again I called the front desk and told them I had enough and to send security up once again upon arriving I heard security knocking on the door numerous times however the room was not responding after all the door slamming and partying in the next room they had left and also left the music blaring, the young security guard went to get assistance and I got dressed and was going down to the desk to talk with management about the situation when I ran into the young security guard and an older heavy set security guard I explained my frustration and explained my position and told them if I need to call the local police department then I would, his response to me" was I threatening him"  my response back was no I am making you a promise if you do not handle the situation I will call the local authorities.  They finally got the music turned off but prior to this they were not around for the yelling and door slamming that preceded the room occupants before they arrived.  No matter how much you spend as a guest of this hotel they are obligated provide a nice quiet nights rest not to be hassled with unruly guests that the establishment cannot keep in control.  After midnight I did finally get to talk to management about the situation and told them  about the experience and after hours of trying to get the rude security guards name I did get it, my next letter is to Mr. Wynn so he can send this security guard to remedial training.   I rated them a 2 initially but changed it to a 3 I like the hotel overall just hoping the next 2 nights do not end up like tonight.  Update 2/14/13 today I was contacted by hotel management Sean he manager was sincere and assured me this situation would be handled differently in the future and honestly I believe him this place is first class all the way around and even I will not let one night ruin the entire stay, hope the remaining nights go as well.  Sean, Corvey and the young security guard should be commended way to go team and I appreciate you reaching out to me the next day to ensure me that this was an isolated incident.  Upgraded my rating due to management intervention, the Security supervisor could learn from the rest of the team. Thanks Guys I will be back
Nice lobby with beautiful mosaics in the floor. They definitely spent some serious cash! Awesome light show at night on the huge waterfall (you have to be seated at the bar or the SW Steakhouse restaurant to see it). The employees were all friendly and accommodating. . . The location can be a positive or negative. It is not on the main drag area of the strip (it will take at least 20-30 minutes to walk to where all the action is).
Hell, I'm in Vegas, I might as well write a review. This is one of the better buffets in Vegas.  Quality is awesome, lunchtime/brunch time is always good. Props for having a congee/juk/chao station. Comes in handy after a rough night.  Lines get long at peak times, but it's worth it. This is my default Vegas buffet.
Comfortable rooms. Request a room at a higher floor with panoramic views for a better experience and to hear less noise from the nightclubs. The beds are unbelievably plush. Overall, staff could be friendlier. . .  The restaurants are great and the food is of very high quality even the buffet. The 24 hour cafe is good but pricey ($ 5.72 for a small cappuccino with tax); $ 4.25 for a croissant; $ 6.00 for a pastry. It adds up real fast so bring lots of dough.. . Overall, the Wynn is a very lavish and opulent property. A lot of attention to detail has been paid in the planning and construction of the resort.
Stayed here back in 2009, and now I'm forever spoiled when it comes to Vegas hotels. Previously I had stayed at TI (2000), Paris (2001), Bally's (2002-2004), and then Bally's again this year. . . The rooms are HUGE and the windows are floor-to-ceiling. We had a view of the Wynn golf course and the Northern end of the Strip (if you looked closely, you could see Circus Circus down the road). . . The casino is not that big but the atmosphere is nice. The restaurants are all great. We got a package deal through Expedia (I stalked it a bit to get a low price, hehe) and ended up paying like $119/n and $200-250 for airfare (from Detroit) which was a great deal.. . My only complaints about it was that the pool was closed for renovations (they told us we could use Encore's pool, but of course we did not ... it was Feb. anyways so wasn't that warm) and we had a $100 dining credit EACH that we thought we could use at Okada, but it turned out we couldn't. That'sstill the most expensive meal I've had in my life, to this day, but also was very good, fortunately.. . (moral = read the fine print, I guess!). . I would definitely stay at Wynn again, although now it has some competition from Aria, Cosmpolitan, etc. (the "new kids," at least since 2009) ... I checked all of those out on my recent trip there in January 2013.
I always enjoy this hotel. Going out to the fountain and having a drink (even though its expensive $9 for a jack and coke is the mentality of someone out of their mind). Not to mention its gorgeous. Its one of the most upscale ones. The shops are for those 1% who can afford to spend $1000 on a bra. However, it doesn't make it any less beautiful to look at. I always recommend doing something here that involves being near the water. So go have a drink by the waterfall and relax, and at night it lights up and a frog pops up and sings for you. Its highly enjoyable. And for once I went on a Saturday night. I dont party, but if you do, there were so many lines to get into the club.
This and Encore are my husbands favorite hotels.. They are simply gorgeous in design, immaculate in service, decor, even the air smells expensive.. You will find minimal riff raff here, but isn'tthat part of the Vegas charm?. No, well then stay here for a luxurious pampering, great shopping, fine dining.. If not, leave your 100 oz plastic cup outside and have a glimpse of what you could be doing instead of puking margarita slushies in the bushes out front.
Great time at the Wynn. Large airy room, attentive friendly staff and great restaurants. Didn't have one borderline meal here, all very good to excellent. . Usual problem with smoke smell everywhere, even in hallways remote from casino. Would have been 5 stars except for long waits to check in and out. I travel a lot on business and every hotel chain has expedited check-in and check-out except, it seems, Las Vegas Hotels. Why is this? Makes your last encounter with the hotel mediocre to bad and colors rest of experience.. Tip: When catching cab from airport ask drive to take you to hotel on strip via "cheaper route" or "non-freeway", or else use Google maps or Waze to track where he/she is taking you. Saves $5-6 minimum.
Impressive hotel room, service and location. Thoroughly accommodating with early check in. Hands down, most comfortable hotel bed EVER!. . Reason behind the missing star-. They'll bring up an entire unlimited supply of safety pins and band aids but charge $5 for plastic utensils? I'm puzzled.
Expensive, but worth it!
What a great place! Slots are very lucky here :)
I appreciate quality and understand that costs money, but HOLY COW!!!!
Wynn/Encore- both great looking hotels/casinos with great rooms and pools and spas.  I stayed at the Wynn in April 2013 and it was really first class all the way. I only downgraded from 5 to 4 due to some minor issues, but they should not be present at a 5 star property. Checked in at midnight! but I had called ahead and let them know it would be a late check int- best to do this to ensure your room is not given away on a SAT evening. Slight line backup at check in due to a large family group but the Wynn staff got us in quickly- very nice. Very warm greetings and information on the property from the front desk staff. Kudos!! . Room was very nice, clean, good size , and the bathroom was excellent with tub/sep shower, dual sinks, sep watercloset. Not a fan of overpriced mini-bars but glad there was one in the room anyway. Its time that prices were reasonable for those items ! Geeze... anyway.  The entire property is well kept, clean, beautiful with displays , staff were great to interact with , restaurant servers, door men, elevator security staff,  dealers, pool staff , etc.  I did wish they would have the security move youngsters away from the entrance to the elevators though vs bottlenecking up. This ocurred a couple of times.  Pools were clean and sparkely waters. 1st day down I just used a lounge chair and had an issue with waitstaff not wanting to take order since I was not in "their" section??  Crazy.. thats not 5star service. This did not occur the next day as I had reserved day bed at the adult only pool and experienced excellent service.  SW steakhouse is a must if you go, excellent meal and staff ,but it will cost you $$$$$$$. Especially if you buy a bottle of wine. I enjoyed the spa but they seem to promote "room temperature waters" vs having cold bottled water and snacks about. For the Wynn, I was expecting juices/soda/coffee/tea/fruit etc. and there was some of these but not really extensive. I thought the lounge area was lacking too.. just my take. Massage was typical, and actually was a little sub-par based on past experiences, but it really depends on your technician. Had a great time gambling but felt that beginners  who interfered with an ongoing craps game should have been instructed better to not reach into the game , place bets incorrectly-- I'm all for someone learning a new game but maybe a fully rolling table on a streak is not the place to jump in an test the waters - there were other tables available also . . Give the Wynn a shot if you want an excellent hotel/casino , I would stay here again over and over and believe most will find this hotel outstanding!
Good high end hotel to stay at or visit the stores or gamble.  Rooms are a bit pricey, but if you are looking for a luxury hotel then it's not bad. It's towards the end of the strip so not a good location if you plan on walking to the strip.
I don't come here often, but when I do, I remember just how great a hotel this place is! It's absolutely great to just walk around and admire the interior design and gamble a bit!
The Wynn Hotel is nice.  Their rooms are always clean, but are on the small side for the steep prices.  What I'm obsessed, absolutely obsessed is with their lunch buffet.  I have to say their buffet is the best on The Strip.  A group of us have taken our time to sample all the major hotel buffets on The Strip, and by far, The Wynn trumps them all. . . If any has any doubt, please try the clam chowder.  I'm in love.  And so is my brother, who when we had our wedding there and hosted a lunch buffet as an event, he decided to stay after the group was finished eating, so that he could eat more.  (Now, this is one skinny guy and I'm not sure how he could stuff all this food down...but he did.)  There's a huge variety of fresh food, from sushi, Chinese, Italian, American, prime rib, seafood, pizza, salad, desserts, cold cuts, soup, and more.  The food is never stale because there's so many people always eating the food. . . Get there early, because the lines can get long...or at least be patient, because it's definitely worth the wait!  The long line can be deceiving...the wait can be quite quick!
I stayed at the Wynn on a birthday a few years ago.  The room was nice (from what I can remember) but it wasn't 5 star to me. I think I prefer the rooms at Encore better as they are newer and bigger than the room we stayed in at the Wynn.  . . We ate at Red 8 and I was rather disappointed.  I had been wanting to try it for some time now and I was let down.  I felt that the food was greatly Americanized and lacking of flavor.  I've also dined at Alex, which is now closed, and it was exceptionally exquisite and a grandiose affair.  I loved the beautiful staircase entry way that led down to a romantic, ballroom style dining area.  I remember the food being better than our recent lavish dinner at Picasso at the Bellagio, however it was a few years ago so maybe I'm not remembering correctly.  Anyways, it's closed now so I guess it doesn't matter. . . My husband and I often do little staycations in Vegas. Here's a tip- Bring some bottles of booze with you so you can make your own drinks in your room before spending a fortune at the bars! We always stop by a fun bar/liquor store called Office Bar (which is a half mile from the airport on the way to the Strip) and buy a few bottles before checking into our hotel. . . We've stayed at all of the nice hotels on the Strip and I would not say that the Wynn is the best.  It is at the top of the list but there are better places; the Cosmopolitan, Mandarin Oriental, Encore, and the Palazzo, (also Aria and the Signature at MGM but I would rate Aria and the Signature below the Wynn)
Nice service. Spacious rooms. Kind of on the outskirt of the strip, so it's a bit calmer. Typical hotel. Great prices. Only stayed here for a night, so there's not much to say or complain about. Even though I stayed here over 5 years ago they are still sending me mail.
It is a very luxurious hotel, it is upscale and very beautiful. The rooms are spectacular, the bathrooms had a his and her sink, the room it self just looked amazing. They have a really great spa for relaxation, and an amazing pool. The best fine dining restaurant was Bartolotta we had the pleasure of meeting chef Paul great guy so humorous. I think you would really enjoy this hotel.
I don't know where to start, by far the best hotel I have ever been to. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful when we arrived.The room was gorgeous!!! Will post pictures soon! The prices are high here but you really pay what you get for. I will definitely be back again and i don't mind paying 300+a night here. The casino and lobby areais beautiful. SW steakhouse was amazing. i keep jumping one thing to another because i don't know what to talk about first. POOL area was beautiful. Next time i go i must get a cabana, only $300 a day. . . -1 star for the valet parking. Let me just say we lost our ticket to get the car back and my name wasn't on the insurance card nor the registration so they gave us a REALLY hard time to get me the car. after 45 min of trying to match my CC #'s to the receipts inside the car we finally got them to bring the car out.. . being a 5 star hotel you would think they would have better way to verify if the car was mine or not. Check the cameras and see who dropped off the car. They had the other piece of the slip with them with exact time and date when i had arrived. instead of making a scene and making people around think i'm some fool trying to get someone else s car out of the valet.
I stayed here a couple of times for Blackhat and DEFCON because I got really tired of the Rio and wanted to try something new and the Wynn was offering some great deals.. . So far, from an overall perspective, this must have been the best hotel I've stayed in in Vegas. The rooms are gorgeous and pack some nice tech. Want to regulate lights, windowblinds etc.? There's a panel for that. On your nightstand.. . Service was decent as well. Rooms were very clean and tidy and the personell down at the reception was exceptionally friendly and courteous. They will gladly try to upgrade your room if you ask nicely. An additional twenty won't hurt, though.. . IMPORTANT: The Wynn will place a charge for a security deposit on your card. When I was there, this was about 220 USD per night. If you got a low balance on your travel credit card, consider this or you'll have a hard time checking in.. . There are plenty of decent hotels in Vegas, but if the deal is alright, the Wynn is a fine choice.
***CASINO REVIEW ONLY***. . Celebrity spotting, Lebron James and Johnny Chan. . . Clean, elegant and fabulous. . . Found my lucky machine, didn't win much but with 5 bucks on a penny slot, I won $30 bucks! Not bad for a penny machine. . . Clean machines, super friendly and helpful staff and the cocktail waitresses are always there asking you if you need another drank before you finish. =)
OVERVIEW. . We had an excellent stay and would return. For the most part, we were treated with the utmost professionalism and made to feel special. The casino and resort are lovely, and our criticisms not deal-breaking.. . ZOOZACRACKERS. They must be taking the NYC deli theme seriously between the service, prices and portions!. . We visited twice. Food was inconsistent. The bread fell apart, and the meat was bone-dry. Mushroom-barley soup was delish! On the 2nd visit, the cashier seemed impatient, and we had to wait 15 minutes for our food to arrive. Overpriced for the small(ish) portions. . . SW STEAKHOUSE. It was a special night for my sister's 50th birthday. Delicious food,ambiance and our server Corey and sommelier Fabrice were pros. The hostess seemed bored and didn't look clients in the eye when talking. I hear that's normal for Vegas.. . ROOM SERVICE. Room service was a pleasure: exceptional server (I wish I could remember her name), good food, an impressive set up and recall of every detail of our order. It was like a restaurant "pop up" right in our room. No one returned to clean up after the meal, even though we gave the server a specific time, so the dishes stayed there for a full day. Even still, I'd say this was the best room service that I've had in Vegas. If we hadn't been entertaining family, we would have ordered-in more, enjoyed the view and privacy and skipped bummers like Zoozacrackers.. . SPA (at Encore). My sister enjoyed her massage and facial, and I enjoyed a day pass. Well worth the money. The facility was clean and elegant; although the cool-water pools look worn and dated: more backyard-1980s than opulent 5-star resort. Management should consider upgrading them. The steam room was excellent -- best I've experienced. I only wish that you'd add a snow room like Caesars. Then, I'd likely consider it my favorite Vegas spa.. . THE POOLS (Wynn). The outside pool area is impeccable: beautiful landscaping, clean lounge area, good pool-side service. Didn't enjoy the young kids playing in the pool, splashing water in my face several times, but didn't feel like planting myself in the "European" topless area either. Wish the pool (on the Wynn side) stayed open later. That would have been fantastic.. . THE BUFFET. I was excited to visit the Wynn buffet, but I was underwhelmed. Nothing we ate was particularly memorable, and I didn't feel compelled to return for seconds. We were scratching our heads on the absence of a full salad and fruit bar or designated breakfast station at 10:30 a.m.. Even though I'm a foodie, I like buffets to stick with the basics. Not that I'm expecting Hometown Buffet or Souplantation (!), but the point of a buffet is to be able to make my own plate, not go around picking tapas-sized items like I'm ordering off an upscale, eclectic restaurant menu. We also had a space-cadet server who always returned with the wrong drinks or forgot us altogether. He never made conversation. The hostesses at the front were overworked and cranky. Though we could tell that the Wynn really wanted its buffet to live up to its Wynn brand, it just didn't get there. We weren't impressed.. . ROOM COMFORT. We had a very clean, well apportioned panoramic view of the golf course. Thank you! The iPod station was missing its cord. (HK fixed the later issue promptly.) Bed linens were delightful. The robes and towels were thick and plush but a little too scratchy for my taste. I'd rather have smaller, thinner towels if it means they're soft. An enormous Brillo pad doesn't do anyone any good.
This review is only for Le Rive.  . . The show was pretty much exactly what I expected.  Here is wasn't what you could assume:. .  It had almost too much going on.  Can't look at everything at once.  . Storyline wasn't exactly clear.  It more or less cleared up in the end.. The part where the cast is swimming synchronously with the red heels without coming to the surface to breath was pretty cool.  . The arena was pretty neat with the 360 degree view of the pool.
We came here to go swimming.  The pool area is really nice.  Lots of cabanas.  I love the garden atmosphere.
The Wynn reeks of luxury. With my humble mid-western roots, it's one of those places that when I walk in, I can't help but think "I must be in the wrong place..." That being said, every once in a while it's nice to pretend, and staying at the Wynn will certainly make you feel like you're hot stuff. . . Even their basic rooms are incredible, and since it's a new hotel, you can expect everything to be in tip top shape. I did not experience a single problem during our stay: housekeeping, front desk, concierge, bellman.... all spot on. . . I am definitely an atypical guest for the Wynn  - as most of their patrons probably aren't terrified by $25 tables like myself. So I tend to just high tail it out of here when it comes to gaming. Only reason I dock it a star is the location: It's so stinking far north that if you don't want to play here and you are too cheap for cabs you are going to have quite a hike to get to just about anywhere. Come on Steve, I thought you had enough pull in this town just to tear down Bally's or something and build there? Would anyone really miss it? . . I was a bit underwhelmed by the pool as well, although the cabana with black jack tables is a nice touch.
The hotel ambiance was more for adults than kids. So don't plan to bring your kids here. Service here is pretty fabulous and have good attention to detail. All servers and casino hosts were very helpful and friendly. . . Love the entrance with the alley of flowers and architectures. The room even for a deluxe king room was good size, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom had a his and hers sink :) which I like so much, and the view was spectacular. I was in 60th floor so the noise is minimal. . . The only problem my guy and I had was the shower head needed to be changed and drain needed to fixed since it was draining properly and water pressure was low but other than that our stay in Wynn was amazing and I would stay again.
Ample luxury - rooms are spacious - great powerful showers - brilliant views -  1 button room control best I've seen -- still a little too much ambient light from the lighting control system -- . . Service is top notch - everyone is outgoing & well trained . . Restaurants are not famous reliable brands like Cuts - Spago -- but trying Bartolotta tonight -- breakfast was however supreme at the Terrace . . Better convention facilities that the Palazzo
Had a blast here!  Rooms were super comfy and clean, casino was lucky!  Worst part is the surcharge for wireless internet....come on Vegas.
Very nice hotel.   Very clean, the rooms were nice, and  The staff were all friendlly and helpful.   The cleaning staff were particularly good and fast.   Nice place to stay visit las vegas
My girlfriend and I just spent 4 days at the Wynn. Usually we go to the Paris and we wanted to change I think we will stick with the Wynn for our next trips to Vegas. We got a corner panoramic room, with wonderful views of the strip. The room was very nicely furnished, the curtains are fun to play with so is the command of the lights. The hotel in general is well thought, and all the staff is great and very helpful. The ambiance in general is very upscale. The dealers at the tables were a lot of fun. The nice thing is there are so many options between the Wynn and the Encore for restaurants, clubs (great clubs!), tables... There is also a big mall right across the street.
A very beautiful casino where nothing really goes untouched with Steve Wynn in charge. I dropped in to take a peek at the place and grabbed dinner at the Buffet which was awesome and hand's down one of the best buffet's I ever ate at. The theme of the place is just luxury but at the same time kinda fairy tale it has a different take on your typical casino. Def worth checking out.. Steve set's himself apart from other casino's for a good reason and it's evident in this place.
Access to the room elevators are easy to navigate in comparison to some of the hotels if your not staying in a suite with its own marked entrances. The rooms are somewhat small but a lot of bed! They offer unique lighting in the bathrooms for a more romantic lighting at night. The staff for room service are very prompt and friendly. The location of the hotel is just on the cusp of being center to it all and out of the way. The casino is small compared to most on the strip and my luck there has never been good. I do recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a great room at a convenient location to get out onto the strip!
A haven in the midst of Las Vegas debauchery and craziness.  The rooms are beautiful, and every restaurant and amenity is top-notch. See Le Reve, check out the spa and dine at SW steakhouse outside by the fountain.
stayed her with my husband for a weekend getaway....... . . super fancy lol something we aren't use to. made us actually feel really uncomfortable.  our room was nice, we got a horrible view :( . . . over all it was nice and if you have the money go crazy as for me i prefer a more humble hotel
I had a chance to walk around this casino, the interior is beautifully designed and the air inside is very clean. A waitress came to take our drink orders as soon as we sat down at the tables, and the drinks were not watered down. Its a long walk from other popular casinos like bellagio, aria and caesars.
This is a nice hotel. You will most likely enjoy it. It is for an older well established crowd. Being 25 I feel out of place. I typically stay at Cosmopolitan but I want to try a new spot this time. there are plenty of restaurants between Wynn and Encore. They don't stay open really late. Almost all the outlets closed by midnight on a Thursday night. Bummer. . Pool is really nice and as could imagine drinks are expensive. Gym was nice -. Not many people use it so there was plenty of equipment to go around. Staff is nice but security seems to usher you everywhere. No standing in any one spot on the casino floor. . . Check in process was efficient. Concierge staff was knowledgable land helpful.
Wynn is easily the most beautiful property on the strip and a lot of fun to visit and hang out at. However, the negative about booking a room here is your only day to day options toshop and dine are going to be upscale. Staying somewhere like next door at The Venetian or Palazzo would be much more functional as a full service resort, with options ranging from casual to upscale.
Stayed here twice with girlfriends already, and we like it here a lot. Clean, comfortable beds, and the clubs we go to are right downstairs. I like how the service is quick and good here. I also like that the bathrooms come with qtips, cotton wipes, etc. The views are always nice in the Wynn too. Will be back when I stay in Vegas!
We stayed at Wynn while we had some friends from college in town for a wedding.  The rooms, as may yelpers note, are fantastic.  Large, and ours was clean.  The bed was very comfortable, it wasn't too soft, which is something I usually find at hotels.  The lights and shade are operated by wall panels that are very easy to operate.  Every time we needed something, be it room service, the bell desk, linens, they arrived very quickly.  I also got a late checkout with no issues, so that was appreciated.. . Wynn is beautiful, it's clear the details were important while the property was being built and designed.  That being said, stuff isn't cheap.  From drinks to the gaming tables, it's pricey.  There are some good restaurants, La Cave was a favorite of ours before we stayed here.. . Even though everything was great, I had to subtract a star because the air conditioning in our room was not consistent.  It was very difficult to get the room cool, even when it was on 68 and high fan.  So, that was frustrating.  But, overall, very friendly staff and great service.  Just don't get sticker shock.
The Wynn is a huge and luxurious hotel.  . We came here to gamble a bit and go see Le' Reve.. The experience here at Wynn is great.  I might just have to stay here next time I am in Las Vegas.  Lots of lights, sound, and everything.
While I found this hotel very nice I have a caution about the rooms on the hold course side. You can hear the nightclub until 4 am even on the 32nd floor. If you are bothered by noise ask for room on the street side of the hotel.
I'm a MGM property girl and when the Wynn sends me those offer letters in the mail, I usually disregard them. First, I don't know how they got my information, and secondly, their deals aren't usually that great. For whatever reason, I decided to really look into one of the letters I got and it turned out to be a GREAT deal. We got Fri/Sat night rooms, 2 Le Reve tickets, and 2 Buffet tickets (anytime) for a really low cost. I was surprised it turned out to be legit.. . Checking in on Friday was a nightmare. We were early and a tour bus just dropped off a ton of people. Luckily the management really knows how to crowd control and continuously passed out bottled of water to us. We were able to get a corner room with an awesome view of the golf course but the room felt a bit off to me. There was so much space and very little furniture. I guess I shouldn't complain because MGM rooms are the complete opposite. The bathroom was sizeable and everything was top quality. Although I just remembered, we decided to upgrade to 2 fulls for +$10 a day and the beds were SOOO SMALL. Should've just had a king and pull out couch or something.. . The casino floor is easy to navigate and there are many food and night life (clubs and shows) options to choose from. It's a bit far from the main part of the strip but there's plenty to do in the surrounding areas. If they offered another deal like that I might just have to say yes again.. . Wynn did get the last laugh ::shakes fist at blackjack table::
My fiance and I just stayed at the Wynn for a little holiday getaway. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are great: big, clean, full of luxe amenities such as a soaking tub and TV in the bathroom. The staff is really nice too; when I wasn't feeling well at 4am and the stores were closed, the bell desk offered to do a drugstore run.. . The one thing to be careful about is fees. If you book and have any dining credit attached to your booking, find out what exactly it's good for so that you don't end up with a bill that includes unexpected items.
