Checked into a Hollywood Hip room on a Thursday over Halloween weekend. Stayed for 4 nights.. . Check in took around 10 minutes or so (it was around 2pm). Also got a handy coupon book which could be used at various Harrah's properties along the Strip.. . While there was no Strip view, room 2258 was on the 22nd floor on the North side; close to the elevators. The room itself was clean, albeit worn in a few places. I can't remember the name of the movie the room featured, but it must have been some C-list film anyway. The room seemed a little dark, but I think that was because most of the furnishings were darker colored. I had light where I needed it, which was good enough for me. . . The bathroom is a larger-than-average affair, with a large soaking tub (no jets), a decent sized sink, and a shower big enough for two. While the rooms have been renovated, some touches of the old Aladdin remain...like the faucets and door handles for instance. Toiletries were PH branded, smelled nice, and got the job done.. . I ate on-site a few times. They have cheaper places, like Pink's hot dogs, along with moderate and pricier places such as P.F. Chang's and Strip House. I also did the Spice Market buffet for brunch one morning. There are also a bunch of restaurants in the attached Miracle Mile Shops, so there's no shortage of dining options.. . Oh, speaking of Miracle Mile. One of the nicest malls I've been in. i was able to get a pair of Crocs because my feet were killing me from all the walking I'd been doing. . . As for the casino, it's a bit confusing to navigate. Once you get your bearings, it's a bit easier to deal with. I had a few drinks at the Heart Bar and Extra Lounge, which was fun. Even more fun were the $10 roulette tables!!! lol. Cocktail service was a bit wonky...it was faster to go to the Heart Bar and get a drink than to wait for a cocktail waitress. The overall vibe was very young, hip, and trendy.. . PH is probably in one of the best locations on the Strip. Very close to Paris, Bellagio and CityCenter. Also, beware of the guys who are trying to sell Timeshares...they hang out at various escalators in the casino and may even be near the elevator banks as well. They try to entice folks with offers of free/VIP admission to various parties in town. Blah.. . I had a very good time here. I'd stay here again, but then again, there are several other hotels on the Strip worth checking out as well.
I've decided to book Planet Hollywood Hotel because they had the after Thanksgiving online sale (can't remember if it was Black Friday sale or Cyber Monday sale) and it was 20% cheaper than any other so-called "cheapest rate guaranteed" travel site prices.  They also stopped charging the stupid Resort Fee, so it was a very good deal.  . . Because we're already in Vegas since a night before, we wanted to check-in earlier.  When I emailed to inquire about it, they emailed me back and said although they can't guarantee there would be a room available before their normal check-in time, they made a note about it and would do their best to accommodate it.  They also told me to drive to the Valet Parking and drop off our luggage at the bell desk so we don't have to carry them from the self parking garage through the casino to the hotel lobby.  When we did so, the bell desk gave us a ticket and said just to call them when we get into our room so they could bring our luggage for us.  Since our luggage was taken care of, instead of checking in early, and we were there when it's their check-out time, we decided to shop first and come back later.  . . I checked out Miracle Miles few years ago and I wasn't impressed.  There are definitely more shops now and many of them are affordable for us.  If you like your local malls, you'll be happy shopping here.  . . Once we checked in to our room, we called the bell desk.  I expected it to take awhile but my sister needed a nap so I didn't mind waiting for awhile.  But when it didn't show up for over an hour, I had to call them again.  When I hung up, they called me right back to double check the tag number and I knew something was wrong.  Another half an hour past and it still didn't show so I called again.  Finally the bell man arrived and said we checked in our luggage at a different building but not "this" building.  I still don't fully understand this but my guess is PH has two different buildings(?) and we were staying at South and our luggage was at Westgate or somewhere like that.  I followed the valet sign and it said Planet Hollywood so I don't understand why I was at the wrong bell desk...  . . Anyways, luckily, this luggage issue was the only problem we had with this hotel.  To be honest, before I stayed here, I always thought PH to be a very cheesy Vegas hotel but it wasn't.  Sure, it may not be Bellagio or those new fancier hotels but the room was well kept.  The size of the room was "okay" but the bathroom was big!  In the bathroom, they have separate shower stall and toilet.  I didn't use it but the bathtub was also pretty big and deep.  The bathroom was nice but because it was very spacious, the bedroom felt a bit smaller with queen size beds and furniture and therefore the room size was "okay."  The room was nice and clean and had posters of an old movie from 70's and the props from the same movie were displayed in a coffee table.  I wonder if each room has different movie and its props.  The amenities were simple but it seems like majority of hotels in Vegas have cut down on them also.  Overall, we were very happy with this hotel and its value.  . . One thing that stood out during our stay was everybody and I mean everybody from the casino staff to the front desk and even the bell desk guy who was covered with tattoo were very nice and helpful.  Was it a coincidence that we encountered all those pleasant people?  I don't know but PH should be very proud themselves for having such great staff and definitely should keep it up.  Because when all those hotels on the Strip have similar prices and amenities, I will choose and come back to PH because of the staff and their services.  Oh yeah, and of course, no Resort Fee helps a lot too.
Stayed here for a night. Awesome! Love their huge bathroom!
I unexpectedly kind of like this casino. We came here for some sandwiches at the Earl of Sandwiches, thanks to some Yelp recommendations and stayed for some slots before heading to our next destination.. . They have some pretty cool games here that I didn't see at any other casinos on the strip. So if they've got a Deal or No Deal game at one casino, they have the giant big-screen, two-player version here. If they've got those lucky little Wheel of Fortune games at another casino, they have the whole damn wheel, surrounded by seats here. . . These are just examples for comparison, but my point is that the games are newer and more fun here.. . I also think that this casino might be non-smoking, because I didn't see any ashtrays anywhere and the air smelled uncharacteristically clean. I'd definitely come back here to gamble. The sandwiches? Eh, good but not worth a trip by itself.. . Ohhhh, and you can get a guitar filled with booze, which is awesome.
This is rapidly becoming one of my favorite places to go when we go to the Strip.  Here's why:. . - The vibe.  The place attracts a younger crowd that has a lot of energy.. . - Bars & Lounges.  They have a wide variety of bars and lounges.  On a recent visit we spent some time at the Heart Bar....a DJ was playing and the drinks were reasonable....$8 for a glass of Wine.. . - Miracle Mile Shopping mall.  This mall is pretty cool with some unique shops and dining options.  The Earl of Sandwich is at the South end of the mall.....one of my favorite Sandwich shops in town.. . - Restaurants.  From cheap, food court type food to nice sit-down restaurants, there is something for everyone here.  One of the highlights is Pink's from Los Angeles which is known fortheir Hot Dogs.. . - Easy access to the Strip.  The distance between the property and the Strip is short, making it easy to get to/from the Strip.. . There are a few negatives to the place......the parking situation sucks.  The parking garage is at the rear of the property and the walk to the casino is pretty far.  Valet parking is underground and is also a big pain the ass.  This is a function of very poor design which has plagued this hotel since they opened.  The layout of the casino floor is very confusing....it's difficult to figure out where you are located and how to get around.  The mall is a little confusing as well.. . Will I return?  You can count on it.
One of my favorite places to play! Absolutely love the Pleasure Pit and dance music booming within the casino and on the sidewalk directly outside the casino. The free drinks here are a little watered down, as are most places. Decent bars within the casino but biggest attraction has to be the female dealers. Hey, sex sells!
Review for the casino.  Good casino vibe, if you don't want to gamble, theres the Miracle Mile shops.
Never stayed here but spent a few hours in this casino during my last Vegas trip. I really like the shopping center attached to the hotel and the restaurants mixed in with the shops are a bonus.. . The casino was pretty big but the layout was a little confusing. All in all I had a good experience here. Wouldn't mind coming back to explore a little more. From what I did see however, I think the four stars is appropriate.
Really like PH. For the price, the rooms are very nice, they are large, feel more like a mini suite. The hotel is high-end, with a lot of attractive aspects like the location on the strip, having a mall connected, etc. I think this is my new favorite hotel in Vegas.
I recently spent several nights in a "Hollywood Hip" room. It had plenty of room for one person, and was very clean. Modern enough, large flat panel TV, plenty of hanger/drawer space.  The bathroom was oddly sized (large open space in the middle) in proportion to the rest of the room. Overall, I was very pleased with the room, given some of the other reviews I read beforehand. Weeknight rates were dirt cheap. . . All I can really fault the room for is a light fixture in the bathroom that buzzed when on. I also wasn't crazy about the design of the shower head; it hangs a bit low, and I bumped it with my head a few times. Really, that's it.. . The location is right in the middle of everything. Right across from the new Cosmopolitan, City Center, and Bellagio. There is a Deuce Bus stop right in front.. . . I found the staff to be very helpful and outgoing. No problems there.. . I did like how this property seems to attract a younger, energetic crowd, but not overly pretentious. At least by LV standards.. . It was great having the Miracle Mile shops attached, for those of us who don't like spending $300 on a pair of pants, etc.. . PH doesn't charge a "resort fee" but high speed internet will cost you about $14 per 24-hr period. There is another wireless provider that charges $10/24 hrs, but it was very slow and kept timing out every time I left my computer for more than a few minutes. I'd suggest paying up for PH's internet, which worked great. If you only need to print a boarding pass, etc. the staff in the business center will often let you use the computers without charging if you're only going to take a few minutes.. . The casino had a large variety of slots, and there were plenty of open machines, even during peak times. The casino floor didn't seem as smoky as some of the others on the strip. I enjoyed playing at some of the tables in the "Pleasure Pit" where the dealers are barely-dressed attractive young women, and similar women dance on poles.  Drink service was timely at both the tables and machines. Table minimums were mostly $10 on weeknights and $15 on weekend nights.. . As for the restaurants, I'll review Strip House separately. I had breakfast at Planet Dailies, and while the food was great, it was expensive and I felt the buffet was a better value. Speaking of the buffet, you can pay one price ($40-$45?) and have 24-hour access. There is a Starbucks right off of the casino floor.. . The casino layout is a bit confusing, especially if you've had a few. Expect to walk in circles for a while trying to find your way out or the restaurant you are looking for. Then again, casinos don't want you to leave, so I can understand the purpose of the layout.. . PH gets bonus amusement points for the asian hooker that solicited me while I was playing a slot machine at 1am! Like a good little boy, I turned her offer down, though.. . I'll be back.
Home of the Holly Madison Peepshow, I wished I had enough time and fund to see her show when I was in Vegas. I had a chance to browse through the casino and the mall. I think the mall is just the right size and not as gigantic as Caesar's. . . Also, they have the Spice Market Buffet here. I think it's a pretty damn good buffet, but that's for another review. . . Maybe next time if I had enough time in Vegas I will check out the Peepshow :).
I love this hotel and casino.  The room had everything we needed: a bed, small clock radio, a shower, lots of towels and a blowdryer. You dont even need to leave this casino. Our favorite slot machine to play was the Wizard of Oz and you could play with 3 other people to increase your chances of winning. But unfortunately I won nothing! =( But got lots of drinks for free! =) Plenty of restaurants to choose from but I didn't notice any bars or fun clubs to go to inside of the casino. They need a good club in this Casino because it is very nice and modern too.. . The only reason why I gave four stars was because the bed was so wobbly and noisy that if i tossed around to get comfy it would make so much noise, as if it was about to break. But boy did I sleep. Also the curtains didn't make it pitch dark in there, like other hotels do, for us party people that stay up all night and get in at the wee hours of the morning. Oh and it would be nice to have a double sink when getting ready with others in the bathroom.. . I will def go back here for a stay and mayyyybe some gambling.
Planet Hollywood just looks like a fun place to be.  It's always crowded when I walk in there.  My next Vegas trip is booked there so I can get a better feel of what this place is all about.  As of now, I like the atmosphere.
Stayed here on a great rate this past week and had a great experience. Had spent a good bit of time at the sports book and casino here on a prior trip while staying at another hotel, and really liked the vibe. So, when it came time for the next trip with Mrs., I checked reviews here and saw lots of ups and downs concerning staff, service, and housekeeping, but the rates and location made me roll the dice anyway. . . Check-in and Check-out were both smooth. We rented a car, so we used the valet every day, some days on multiple occasions, and always received courteous and mostly timely service. I've seen differing reports, but during our stay, our housekeeping and room quality was stellar.. . We hit up the Earl of Sandwich on a particularly drunky and late night, and it was really good. We also hit up The Spice Market buffet as part of the 24 hour Buffet of Buffets deal, but thats a separate review....I will say the Spice Market delivered nicely. The casino is nice, clean, and well serviced. I just wish that in the wee hours and slow daytimes, you could find a $5 table here, but I understand it's the heart of the strip. This kind of property isn't going under $10 at any time. The only playing I did here was on the penny slots, and there was no discrimination at all with the drink service, something I truly appreciate. . . All in all, I totally recommend the PH when the rates are right.
We really enjoyed our stay! We stayed here for 3 nights, we booked a fountian view room- when we first checked in I requested a floor as high up as possible,  and was told that nothing was ready at the moment. The gentleman said he had a Resort view room for $20 more  a night- I asked him if he thought it was a nice room-he said it was the best room on the 22nd floor-He was right, when we entered the room what a view! 4 windows and a great view of the Bellagio and Paris hotels. It was Big- the bathroom was huge with a big tub overlooking the strip and a flatscreen over the tub-I've never watched a good movie in a tub before. . . If you need wi-fi they charge $14 so downstairs in the hotel is a starbucks for your free wi-fi!. . The casino was very manageable, on the small side which we liked, it's not like some of the hotels where you get lost just trying to find a bathroom or the exit. An added bonus was the tables area where pole dancers in skimpy outfits entertain you while you are losing your money!  .     . Inside the hotel there are a decent number of places to eat from fancy Strip Steak  to Earl of Sandwich-which we ate a few times-tasty! we also ate at P. F Changs for happy hour (3-6pm) what a good deal (it not our favorite chinese) but you can't go wrong with their happy hour, we each had 2 drinks, 4 small plates including tip $40 and the service was quick and friendly.   To sum it up- great room, great location on the strip, great price for a room that was better than at the Palazzo or the Venetian.
This place is literally HUGE!!!! I was visiting a friend for a long weekend about 2 weeks ago and hit up the strip on the weekend. It's really nice on the inisde and the staff helped my boyfriend and I find the Pinks Hot Dogs that was suppose to be at PH. FYI it's on the outside! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be staying here!
Great location, great price! The hotel is one of the closest to the airport and it's right in the middle of the action. The beds are comfortable and you can spend a bit more for a larger room with two sinks and a large soaker tub and separate shower. Internet is a bit pricey at $13.99/day. . . There is a shopping mall attached complete with two ABC Liquor/Convenience stores (reasonably priced) as well as H&M, Bath and Body Works, and a few less expensive dining options. The restaurants in the hotel itself are good, however they're not the most affordable. This is common among the luxury hotels on the strip.
Woohoo!  Vegas!  My husband and I are Vegas regulars.  We have stayed all over, Henderson, Downtown, off Strip and on the Strip.  On our last trip we decided to stay at Planet Hollywood and we loved it.   . . Staff:  The staff is fantastic!  Just about everyone one we encountered at the front desk, bell desk, valet, housekeeping, the casino and a couple of restaurants were fantastic.  They were helpful in every way and seemed genuine.  Several times I observed the employees going out of their way to help each other.  That is rare to see.  They get paid to help the guests, but to help each other they must be happy employees who feel like a team.  Love it!  . . Decor:  The mood and ambiance throughout the entire hotel and casino was young and inviting.  The decor incorporates geometric shapes and lots of sparkle.  The seating everywhere was really comfortable whether at  a bar, slot machine or casual seating. . . Room:  The view from our room was of the strip.  We were able to watch the water show at the Bellagio from our 33rd floor window.  Pretty cool.  Inside it was clean and well kept.  The furnishings were comfortable.  It room, however was a little small.  There was only one chair with a side table and the bed.  I would have liked to have another chair instead of one of us having to sit on the bed.. . Food:  We had room service, Planet Dailies, and the buffet.  Room service and Planet D areprobably the same kitchen.  The menus are pretty close, but the food is good.  The buffet was very good.  There was a large selection of high quality food and the service was surprisingly good.  . . Casino:  There is a large variety of slot and video poker machines.  The tables were $10 min which was disappointing during the day when no one was there.  They should have dropped to $5.  The cocktail service in the floor was the best I have ever experienced in Vegas.  Unfortunately I did not see a lot of winning, but you could get a good buzz on while losing your money.  ;). . Overall it was a great experience.  We will absolutely be staying there again.
Imma do the PHC a solid here.. . When all the other casinos have old, stonefaced bastards at the intimidatingly overly offcial poker tables, PHC provides a smiling girl with glitter on what her momma gaver and an overworked pushup bra instead.  Its so... festive!. . PHC just had a pretty fun atmosphere, the kind that makes you stay up drinking and messing around in the casino when you had just been about to go on up and crash out.. . I mean, they'll make you a watery-ass cocktail, the music is cliche pop awful and whatever they got goin on with the cashiers at the on-site buffet is a total CF, but hey, its Vegas in a casino hotel.  That considered, we had more fun in PHC than in any of the other big casino/hotels we checked out, by far.
One of the more hip hotel made to attract the younger crowd.  Surrounded by the miracle mile with plenty of shops to walk around and see and places to eat or drink.  Casino is right inthe middle of it all.  Hotel rooms are themed, I stayed in the Beetle juice room.  It had a painting and arm from beetle juice.  . . Gambling wise, games are all pretty much the same, minimum is a little higher since it's right in the middle of the strip.  They have a pleasure pit as well.  Slots not many selections to choose from.
Our wknd suite was the bomb like dot com!  We had 6 girls posted in 2 large rooms over Pro Bowl wknd.  . . LOCATION:  was PERFECT for us, since most of us have frequented Vegas over the years and walking the strip wasn't a 'must do'.  Plus the indoor mall provided tons of shopping opportunities.  We literally didn't have to drive anywhere if we didn't want to.. . CUSTOMER SERVICE:  We flew a red eye & arrived by 10AM.  Being exhausted from the flight, we asked if we could check in early & they not only let us, they didn't charge a fee.  They were really nice about everything the whole wknd & we definitely thought the 'ANYTHING/ANYTIME' speed dial was a great touch!. . SUITE:  AMAZING!!!  A 2 bdrm w/a living space in between was fabulous.  We had a small kitchen with a fridge, convection oven, & dishwasher.  The living room shades doubled as a projection screen & there was a slide projector mounted from the ceiling.  The master bedroom had less living room furniture than the other room but that was largely due to the fact that 1/3 of the room was taken up by the jacuzzi!
On my last three trips to Vegas, this has been my target spot. It is well situated on the strip among many other great hotels and casinos. The hotel is nice, new and clean and very well priced. The crowd tends to be younger and more energetic than some of the other standard "fancier, upscale" Vegas spots. The mall has a great selection of stores just for that demographic. Love the Earl of Sandwich for late night snacks. Look out, you might spot Bruce Willis at a craps table.
Super cool hotel. Free $1,000,000 slot pull. I won a drink. Not the Million bux.  We played the "Sex in the city" slot machine. Won $$$ for lunch.. . I would love to stay here one of these days. I'm a fan.
We stayed here a few weeks ago for our vaca. . . First off - we reserved our room through priceline. We asked for our room and our friends room to be right next to each other. They honored that request. *1 star*. . Secondly - the room. For the price it was GREAT! deep soaking tub, seperate shower, king size bed in a non-smoking room. The decor was nice. The Hollywood Hip rooms were just fabulous. We really enjoyed it. Plus they were CLEAN!. . Third - customer service (See the first off) as for anything else. We didn't really speak to many employees at the hotel since we were in and out of there a lot. . . Fourth - gambling. Good luck getting on a craps table there. They're always full! Plus, like other reviews, it's LOUD! We spent most of our time gambling at New York, New York ($5 craps tables anyone?). . Fifth - location...it was central to everything we were doing so it was perfect. . . I recommend staying here if you plan to do your 5 S's. Sh*t, shower, shave, sleep and store your sh*t. . Then again, you're in vegas, why would you spend anymore time in your room than you have to!?
Do you ever have one of those days? You know, where everything seems to just be going wrong. I had one of them at SFO recently. You see, Iwas at the airport headed to Las Vegas for work the day that United grounded hundreds of their airplanes and yes, I was flying on United. The best part of the whole story is that my plane was actually loaded, on the runway, and next in line for takeoff when we were recalled back to the gate. I then proceeded to wait around for about 9 hours before I finally was able to take off and head to Vegas. So when I arrived at Planet Hollywood I was in less than the best of moods.. . Imagine my delight upon check in when they told me the room type I had reserved was sold out. I was prepared to put up a wild fight for a room, but without skipping a beat the woman at the front said to me, "And so we upgraded you to a suite." Woo-hoo! It was as if they could feel my pain and wanted to make one part of my day a little shinier. And they did.. . I found my way to the elevators and up to my room where I could barely contain my glee at how big my room is. and since it's the Planet Hollywood the room had a celebrity theme which was Will Smith. There were all kinds of outfits from his various characters in movies and he wore some funky stuff. The site of that alone brought a smile to my face. But, then I opened the curtains that covered the windows that took up the entire wall and saw I was overlooking Paris and the Bellagio water lights display. It was quite a view.. . I'm not sure how much the suites cost on the regular, but I'm guessing it's probably worth it as my room was absolutely gorgeous and and spacious. There was a living room with a huge TV, leather couch and love seat; a sitting area with two arm chairs and a small table; a dining table area that would allow 4 to eat or play cards comfortably, a bar area where you could serve up some drinks to guests, 1 1/2 baths so your guests can tinkle without passing through the bedroom, and a huge bedroom.. . I was in and out of town faster than two shakes of a tail or some such saying, but while I was there my stay at Planet Hollywood was quite nice thanks to the kind and courteous staff and luxurious lodgings.
Ok, if you have never been to Vegas you need to understand that the normal rules don't apply. There are no cheap options for good food or really anything else, that's not how Vegas works.. . PH is in a pretty central location compared to a lot of the other hotels. I like to hang out further North on the strip and it's not far from here. When it comes to price this is a great place to stay, especially if you book early. But don't be mistaken you don't want to hang around PH for nightlife, head North on the strip. The pool is also horrible, there is a reason it's free and there are a bunch of kids there.. . There is a mall attached to PH that has some relatively inexpensive options for food, there is a pizza place (near the canal) that is decent. There is a good buffet, it's not cheap though.. . If you want to hear popular music in your hotel you should stay here. If you don't mind/want to see scantily clad women working in the Casino stay here.
great rooms...great price...we had a great time!
I've stayed at this hotel multiple times and I've frequently make an appearance or two even when I don't stay at this hotel. The rooms are very nice and the suites that overlook the strip are awesome as they have large circle tubs that over look the fountains at the Bellagio. . . The pool area is great, but in the busy season, the pools are a zoo. Lots of people and only so much space around the pools. . . They have a nice selection of restaurants and are attached to the Miracle Mile Shops which is an added bonus. The location is great if you like walking the strip. If you rent a car or have a car to valet, that gets interesting as the location of the garage in comparison to heavy traffic.
Very fun casino, especially for a younger crowd.  Always seems busy and there is a huge nice mall attached for shopping.  The casino has plenty of beautiful dancers and dealers to keep you interested.  The music is great and there is a good vibe here.
Play here, but don't stay here.. . I love the environment.  Very lively with the loud music, girls dancing on the stage everywhere and the 24 hour Starbucks and Earl of Sandwiches.  It's THE place to gamble for younger people or mainly guys.  Play and eat all night.. . It's not the best place to stay.  The location is convenient, it's right in middle of the strip, but the room is creepy with the movie memorabilia stuff.  For example, I had some suits in plastic display cases, not something you want to be with in a room.  It's also just way too noisy.  When I'm at the hotel I'm staying, I'm most likely getting started or tired and just can't stand the loud music.  The shower had someone else's hair stuck on the wall and also the bed sucked.. . Like I said, play here, but don't stay here.
Three star rooms, extra star for added convenience!! It's located in a perfect spot on the strip, you can walk almost anywhere (except to the Wynn side), and the attached mall and all the restaurants AND coffee bean = one happy Cherish.
Great location on the strip. Walking distance to most good hotels. The hotel looks pretty cool and atmosphere is cool. The room itself is ok. TV was flat screen and each room has some piece of Hollywood in it.
I've been a regular at Planet Hollywood since its inception.  Even as far back as the days when Planet Hollywood use to be called Aladdin.  Actually, I was here for the big implosion of the old Aladdin and the grand opening of Miracle Mile Shops and Aladdin.  The Aladdin brand was a bit boring, I'm glad they revamped it to, what is now, Planet Hollywood.. . The valet here has always been bad.  It can take forever to get your car or even drop it off.  Unless, of course, you are a Diamond or 7-Stars member.  Thank you Caesars Entertainment, formerly known as Harrah's Inc., for buying up PH.  VIP valet is super fast and very much a necessity on Fridays & Saturdays.  Speaking of which, the taxi lines on Fridays & Saturdays at PH are ridiculous.  Walk a bit to the Paris taxi stand if it looks bad unless the attire you're wearing doesn't call for such strenuous activity.  And, unless your by yourself, don't even think about parking at self-park.  No brownie points earned for saving a few bucks on tip for valet.. . The rooms in PH, themselves, are pretty amazing.  It's a bit dark, but the beds are comfy and the movie memorabilia displayed around the room gives an air of nostalgia.  The decor is trendy and intimate.  PH is not really suited for families.  It's more for the twenty somethings of the world that live life at full throttle.  If your young at heart though, go for it, this casino & hotel still rocks for us older dudes and dudettes.. . One thing I truly love about PH though is that they have a "Pleasure Pit" at night.  It's any area where your dealers wear somewhat sexy 'uniforms' and dance on an elevated stage on occasion.  If, I may quote Paris Hilton, "That's Hot".  Yah, I said it.  Let's get pass that now...cool...alright.. . PH is also home to a damn good sandwich place called "Earl of Sandwich".  Yup, a sandwich place from the descendant of the Earl of Sandwich himself.  Can you say, pass the mustard?!. . The feelings of youth and seizing the moment just burst in the air at PH.  Feeling young and being young isn't bad at all.  It's definitely a Top 5 stay at LV for me.
If you like shiny stuff, this is the place to go! I really liked the atmosphere of the place, especially the huge chandeliers and overall "glitzi-ness" of the place.  . . PF Chang's was a great place to eat.  . . My boyfriend had a hard time getting served at the bar (it was about in the middle of the casino).  You must have to be female to get someone to wait on you.. . Clean restrooms - always a plus!
Mad props for the renovations team for Planet Hollywood. I got a superb deal for ph for a week long business trip and it's one of my favorite LV hotels now. It sits towards the center of the Strip, right across from City Center. Immediately when you walk in, the lobby welcomes you with a cool and lounge-like ambiance. The rooms were very spacious and had very nice furniture and a 42" Flat screen. The beds were pillow top Sealys which were very comfy. The sheets had a high thread count since I kept running my hands over them. . . Now the casino. The new PleasurePit is the main casino floor and all of the girls wear fishnet stockings, boy shorts, and a corset. Not only the garments are hot but the girls are not bad at all.. . PH also houses the PEEP Show and the new club Gallery. I didn't have a chance to visit either but I'm sure I'll visit PH very soon. Definitely recommended!
Planet Hollywood perfectly suited my Vegas needs.  The room was clean, the bathroom was great (including a GIANT soaking tub that reallllly hit the spot), and the staff couldn't have been more friendly.  In addition, the rate we paid on the room could not have been beat for a better room or location.  . . I'm already planning my next Vegas trip and will be staying at PH!
I just spent five nights at PH. Great price, huge room, comfortable bed and pillows, & HDTV. Good and fast check in and check out. Fast valet service. Great location at center strip and close to all the action. I like the convenience of the Miricle Mile shops and restaurants. I like the ambiance in the casino. I had a great experience and would highly recommend the PH if you get a good price. I've been to LV over 40 times and stayed in most of the hotels. I like this hotel and stay there when the price is right. If they're getting full price I can usually stay at a higher level hotel for the same price using Priceline.
Let me start by sayingthat this is just a casino review. I didn't stay in the hotel. Moving along I think I have a favorite Vegas casino! Planet Hollywood casino has a super cool atmosphere with color changing LED light accents and club like music with video screens and Go-Go dancers. Cocktail servers are quick, attentive and friendly. Miracle mile is a more traditional mall with stores like H&M and Urban Outfitters. The overall vibe here made me want to spend all evening there. Again, Haven't stayed in the rooms so I can't comment on that. I am really looking forward to staying here on a future trip!
I love staying at planet hollywood! The beautiful yet modern decor, the helpful staff, and the free bottle of alcohol also helped. Here are a few plus about the PH resort... . . Rooms - Each room has a movie theme. We stayed in the Universal Solider room. My friends got to stay in the James Bond Room. Nice room with a big bathroom. . Shopping- All my favorite stores... bebe, urban outfitters, H&M. . . Restaurants- Good solid  buffet in vegas. There is also Koi, Strip Steak, . PH Cafe. There are also lots of choice in the mall. . Pool - Private Pool for Hotel Guest only so its not too crowded. They also have beer pong tables.
Now that Cosmopolitan and Aria are next door, this puts PH in a sweet area on the boulevard. Not fond of the casino layout though, its almost maze like and I always get confused where I am and how in the hell do I get out of the place. I like the fact that it has a mall connected because sometimes you forget to pack that cool outfit for going out and now you can just go down and buy one from the many cool clothing stores. The rates are often affordable and last time I stayed there, the room key gets you line passing access into there club. All the rooms are themed to movie but this looses nostalgia when your in the Wesley Snipes "Drop Zone" themed room. The room itself  is very nice just make sure you don't get booked in one of the disconnected towers or else you'll be walking more than you want.
I don't know why, but over my last several trips to Vegas, Planet Hollywood has figured more and more prominently in where I spend time at the gaming tables.  Planet Hollywood is one of Harrah's many properties in Vegas, but it's truly one of the company's nicer, hip and modern offerings more akin to Caesars than to Harrah's, Imperial Palace, or the Flamingo.  No vestiges of its past incarnation as the Aladdin remain (thankfully), as it possesses a sleek, stylish, energetic and loud atmosphere, especially on the weekend.  . . The casino floor has the standard complement of slots and video poker machines as well as the standard variety of table games.  The center of the gaming area is dominated by the Heart Bar, which has a dj, go-go dancers, and bottle service on the weekends.  Of course, I'm not sure why it has a dj, go-go dancers, and bottle service, but it's Vegas...so why the hell not?  Following the seeming trend of casinos offering gaming areas with attractive female dealers at the tables and go-go dancers gyrating in the gaming pit area, Planet Hollywood offers the Pleasure Pit.  PH may not have started this trend of nightclub/casino convergence, but they seem to do it better than most.  The dealers are very personable and attractive, as are the go-go dancers.  Despite their appearance, the dealers are quite adept at dealing blackjack.  Truth be told, I didn't find it too pleasurable losing money at the blackjack table. . . Although my GF and I didn't stay at PH this trip, the rooms aren't bad, albeit a bit kitschy with the whole Planet Hollywood motif.  To my recollection, the bed are decently comfortable...certainly much better than the torture devices called beds at the Paris.  PH's restaurant selection isn't the biggest on the Strip, but Koi is a very decent place for sushi.  Planet Hollywood may not be my first choice to stay and play, but it's definitely on my short list for consideration, especially if they're offering a special rate or comped room.  Call it a 3.5 star place, rounding up to 4!
Center Strip!!!. Awesome Rooms!!. A Mall below the Casino!!. Done!
I have to say, of all the casino's we visited while on our trip, this was one of the ones we went back to time and again.  I really liked it.  The table games have decent limits and the waitresses are not slow like at some casinos (even when it is crowded which is most of the time).  They have several different table areas and a very nice centrally located bar.  Smart of Harrah's to snap this place up when they could.  . . like the Hard Rock it can be loud, it can also have a much younger crowd.  Unlike the Hard Rock - it appears to have a much more mature crowd (with a few exceptions here and there).  Like most casinos they have the standard slots, though I didn't play any this trip.  Unfortunately for them they do have one Starbucks that is SLOW.  The workers here should take some tips from the waitresses in the casino.  They would make more in tips and they would keep the customers happy.
I love that Vegas has a buffet of hotels. You can go a thousand times and never stay in the same place twice. My boyfriend travels to Vegas at least once a month for work & I try to tag along when I can. My hands down favorite part of these trips (other than the Vegas experience itself) is picking out new hotels to stay in and try out. . That being said, Planet Hollywood is currently my top pick. . I love the look of the place, staff was great, check-in/out was quick and easy, they had great food options and shopping. . But my absolute FAVORITE part was the room! . At check-in we were upgraded and got a massive suite with a huge 2 person tub that overlooked the strip with a massive flat screen TV. I had never been more excited to bathe in my life. We did some light gambling and had some drinks after check-in but I literally couldn't stop thinking about the bathtub. . That night we took some beers up to the room and had a bubble-bath with just the Vegas strip for light. I will forever be thankful to that beautiful man at the front desk and that upgrade. . . There were a few things I didn't like though. . . The pool: It was really mediocre. When I'm in Vegas I like to spend the majority of my time poolside. I want some atmosphere, some music and a cute little cocktail waitress who will bring me drinks and snacks. That is not the vibe at PH, which is strange really, because you'd think it would be. . . Getting around: The place is a labyrinth. We went for self-park and entered on the complete opposite end of where the front desk was. We had to schlep our bags through the shopping mall area and all around the casino before finding check-in. . . Overall the location is great, its a visually pleasing hotel to stay in and they have video Black Jack @ the sports bar, YAY!
The room was huge! Maybe because I'm used to NYC rooms or FL rooms, but I was surprised at how spacious it was. Very clean and the bed is uber comfy. There's a big tub and a shower in the large bathroom. Also, the mirror in there is giant, which is wonderful when a bunch of girls are trying to get ready simultaneously. I shared the room with two friends and we didn't feel crowded at all. . . We went in February so we didn't go to the pools, but we took a gander and they were pretty nice. The lobby is eh, i didn't like the decor. We got a voucher for a free bottle after checkin. We didn't redeem it til our last night because we thought it'd be a tiny little sampler bottle but it was pretty big :). . I'd stay here again because the rooms are great, the location is smack in the middle of the strip and the Spice Market buffet is right down stairs...yumm. I ALWAYS got lost as soon as i stepped foot in the casino, it's a labyrinth, but I figured it out by my last night. Also, the mall in the hotel is cool, especially the Fat Tuesdays :D I need Fat Tuesdays in NY.. . *We visited our friends' room in the Escalibur....eww. Definitely would not stay there, although the hotel itself is full of fun things like Thunder from Down Under and Dick's Last Resort :)
My friends and I decided to book a room at this hotel due to the perfect location on the strip.  We found a deal on the internet that let us book for a reasonable price, especially for a weekend in June, so we were happy.  Upon arrival, they let you valet your car (free of charge, just tip them) and the hotel check in area is right inside the main doors.  The hotel staff (in my experiences) was very friendly and knowledgeable, not to mention QUICK! I stayed at the Monte Carlo and we waited for about half an hour to check in.  Pretty ridiculous.  . . Our room was located on the 20th floor, close to the elevator.  Which I LOVED! No walking down long hallways to get to the room, and it was close to the ice machine.  We decided to get a non-smoking room, and unlike other people who have commented on this... our room DID NOT smell like smoke at all.  We had no noise problems either.  The elevators are fast, and they even have a little TV in there to keep you entertained while you're taken to your floor.  Housekeeping comes MIGHTY EARLY, though.  They got to our room about 9 in the morning, and umm, we had gotten in around 4-4:30.  We told them to come back later.  BEDS ARE SO COMFORTABLE! I was pleasantly surprised and didn't wake up in the middle of the night to an angry back.  Each room is themed - we stayed in the Little Buddha room.  It had a couple of posters framed and a little article from the movie on the table by the window.  Bathroom was amazingly big - which came in handy with 4 girls in the room.  Tub is huge, toilet has it's own door, shower is separate as well.  The mirror and the sink are fairly large, and there's also a mirror right outside the bathroom.  These all came in handy when getting ready for the clubs. . . I can't make any comments about the casino, since I didn't really gamble at all while I was here.  It was a birthday party, so we went to clubs/bars.  Heart Bar, located inside the casino, is very expensive.  Bartenders aren't exactly the friendliest, but the girls dancing make it entertaining.  Halo Bar, located right outside the casino, has an awesome happy hour from 3-7 with $5 shots and $5 "well drinks."  . . The shops surrounding the casino and hotel are awesome and very convenient - they have plenty of stores and plenty of places to eat as well.  They kept the decor from the Aladdin, but I don't mind. I'm not going to be a snob about the way the place looks.  A hotel is a place to sleep and get ready, and that's just what I did.  Earl of Sandwich is open 24 hours... but be aware when going in the middle of the night, there's lots of guys trying to pick up on you.  Creepers never sleep, I guess.  . . Check out was a breeze, but valet does take about 10-15 minutes.  We weren't in a rush, and we were dead tired, so we didn't complain much about that.  If you're planning on getting a taxi while here, the line moves fairly fast. Just be prepared to pay those extra few dollars when waiting to get in and out of the taxi line. They start that timer riiiiight away. All in all? Good trip to Las Vegas. I want to try some other hotels, but I'd come back if the deal was right.
I took my "besty" to Vegas as a belated birthday gift, and a few of our friends came along as well. I chose Planet Hollywood due to its location on the Strip. Considering this was a buddy trip -- PH was the PERFECT hotel. My experiences with the hotel staff were all pleasant. PH offers an upbeat casino and an all around fun atmosphere. I do wish that the hotel had nicer rooms but not a big deal. BTW -- check out Gallery Nightclub when you go --- it's beautiful! When I was there LL Cool J performed live. For absolute relaxation -- I will continue to stay at the Wynn --- for fun times with friends ---- Planet Hollywood!
Great casino!. . I've not stayed in the hotel, but the casino and the things around it are top notch. Lots of tables and machines, and lots of activity.. . Great restaurants in the casino, and Peep Show was a lot of fun.
I stayed here for the weekend and I love it! The atmosphere is really lively, but it was really crowded during the day. But then again, the Miss USA pageant was going on and the contestants were everywhere. I actually saw Miss Massachusetts get off the elevator as well as Miss Iowa Teen USA. . . Sometimes you will see celebrities here also... my mom actually met Kelly Osbourne in the casino and got a pic with her and Jesse Tyler Ferguson from Modern Family was walking around a few months ago when I went. Too bad I missed both sightings!. . The hotel room we stayed in was pretty comfortable. The beds are comfy, but the rooms could use a little more lighting. But then again, that is Hollywood style.. . One of the reasons I love PH is because it has a mall, Miracle Mile Shops, attached to it and there's shops, bars, and restaurants affordable for the rich and common folk alike. The casino is also pretty large and there's just a lot to do in this one little spot. I recommend PH to everyone, actually. :)
Unlike a lot of the other newer casinos on the Strip, Planet Hollywood actually does have a really fun vibe.. . When some places try to emulate other places, it usually doesn't come off as well as it could, or should, or let's face it, is just a sad imitation.  Planet Hollywood goes for that "Los Angeles/Holloywood" feel, whether it's the events that it hosts, the celebrities that it brings in, the general vibe, or even some of the eateries.  And here, it works.. . It doesn't try to BE Los Angeles.  It tries to be the Los Angeles feel for Las Vegas.  It also doesn't try to invoke the snooty, uber-pretentious vibe of some of the other casinos.  It's a place that just seems to want to have fun.  Not for some people, but for everyone.. . The inside mall actually has stores and restaurants that can fit any budget.  The line up of shows are varied and entertaining (from the ones I've seen).  They have some excellent art galleries in there.  There's nothing here that could be considered run down or low brow.  The atmosphere just encourages you to play.. . And I've seen some great entertainment here: Film shoots, award shows, concerts, film premieres....  It's a compact L.A. experience without the stupid traffic jams and parking issues.. . While I missed out on the Aladdin and even Planet Hollywood for the longest time, when I finally tried this place out a few years back, it stuck with me, and became one of my more preferred casinos.  Hopefully, its still relative "newness" will keep Vegas at bay from wanting to tear it down in the next five years or so, but as far as strip casinos go, I can easily recommend this one.
I really like this hotel and it's layout. It always seems like it's fun in here, great shops, food dining area. I haven't gambled here not sure how fun that is, but we always know what the turn out will be when gambling at any casino. The interior is just awesome. I'd love to stay here for one weekend, but as long as my sister and brother are locals here, I probably won't be lodging in anywhere here. Because I do like the looks and the feel at this place I surely will come back here every now and then when I'm in town.
Planet Hollywood was busier than ever this last time when I saw the area. On the 8th of June to the 17th, 2011- There was definitely alot of activity here in Las Vegas. ALways seemed packed, especially compared to other casinos. . I had a great time playing that game they had outside Press Your Luck. I won a few free drinks and two of the $20 dinner vouchers.  The Miss USA contestants were around too that week early for their event.
use to be Aladdin. hotel has good shops and pinks the famous hot dog place from la! ceilings are pretty with clouds on top
This place was the PERFECT location. You didn't ever have to leave the hotel, which was nice when it was SUPER hot, because it's attached to the Miracle Mile Shops and there's tons of great places to eat, things to do and see, etc.. . The rooms themselves were really nice, amazing bathrooms and really comfortable King-sized beds. My only qualm was maid service came once the entire 4 nights we were there... Weird?. . The casino is really fun, the staff is really nice, the buffets are kind of gross (go to Earl's, that sandwich shop, it was the best $6 I spent the whole trip) The pool(s) are fine, nothing swanky or glamorous, but kind of nice because everything else in Vegas is so in-your-face overwhelming I almost didn't want the glitz and glam poolside.. . Do your research and you can find some awesome deals for this place... . It's the perfect location close to all of the clubs and nightlife, right in the center of the strip. Oh, and valet parking isFREE!
We booked two rooms for two nights for $650.  Although the rooms were adjacent, we felt it was better if our party of 8 had one big suite.  The host asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a 1200sf suite with an extra attached room (500sf) for $850.  For an extra $25/head, it was well worth the price! With all that space, we never felt cramped - as opposed to previous experiences where the rooms were so small that all we can do in them was to sleep.  Although the room (and hotel itself) isn't as luxurious as the Bellagio, Mirage, Wynn or many others, it was very spacious, had an amazing view, and was perfect to party in.. . Personally, I think there are three types of hotels in Vegas.. . 1) The ultra-lush, very $$$, and super sterile luxurious ones.. 2) The pretty cool and fun ones.. 3) The ghetto motel quality ones.. . For us, Planet Hollywood was perfect.  Great location, easy access to the Miracle Mile Mall, pretty busy pool, and super convenient buffets.  It's not as impressive as some other hotels, but it does caters more to the 21-35 crowd.
When my friends and I decided to go to Vegas, Planet Hollywood wasn't the hotel I was thinking of staying. However, it was the cheapest deal on Allegiant Air so we went with it.. . I was confident that it was going to be a wonderful hotel because I spoke to a lot of people and everyone had nothing but good things to say about it.. . When we got there, I found it interesting how the loading and unloading zones were underground. It seemed every other hotel had theirs right in front of the hotel. Anyway, I was amazed with the simple but beautiful lobby. Well, the massive chandeliers that were by the escalators were beautiful. The lobby was pretty dark but that was not really a concern. Preston, the guy who checked us in, was very courteous and very helpful. I think he set my first impression of the hotel, which was a positive one. He also said somewhere along the lines of us being upgraded. Liked that too.. . When we got to our room, I was very excited. It did seem like we were upgraded, with the huge room, bathroom and the amazing view. There were a few things that annoyed us, such as the TV and the phone not working. That was quickly fixed though so it wasn't too much of a big deal. It's just annoying having to go downstairs to the front desk and ask them to fix things because we can't call to have the said things to be fixed. . . The pool area is nice and huge, but we didn't end up actually partying there. We just checked it out. I also like the fact that this hotel is attached to the Miracle Mile Mall, which was a huge convenience for us as we got our snacks, meals and booze from the mall. . . What I liked about the casino were the places to eat. Earl of Sandwich, in particular was my fave. There was a 24h Starbucks, a P.F. Changs (ew), Planet Dailies (too $$$$ imo) and some other fancy restaurant we didn't bother checking out. Oh and Gallery nightclub is there too. Not a very good club. Well, not my scene/crowd.. . What I didn't like about this casino was the lay out. Oh hot damn, I HATE the bloody lay out of the casino. Every single time, and I mean EVERY single time we tried to get out of there or tried to go upstairs, we would be lost! It was literally like a maze. I was confused every single time. And it didn't help for those times when I was drunk (which was about 90% of the time). Imagine my pain. No, don't actually. You'll cringe.. . Other than that, it's a great place. Love love LOVE the fact that it's right in the middle of the strip. Wherever we went, cab rides were about $10 a pop so it wasn't too bad. It was also very close to our favorite clubs. I also love that Holly Madison's Striptease was showing here. I didn't see it because I didn't have enough time, but I will next time!. . Would I stay here again? Probably not. it's Vegas - I want to stay and experience the other hotels. Would I recommend this to people who plan on staying there? Absolutely. Just bring a compass or GPS or something for that wretched casino. I'd give this place a 3.5/5 but since Yelp doesn't do half stars, I'm bumping it up to 4/5.
This review is for the casino only. The PH casino is always good to me! The lowest minimum that I saw for blackjack was $15 and that was fine for me. The casino was always poppin', especially at night! Even people from hotels like that palazzo came to play at  the PH casino because it was so fun at night! The dealers fist pump you when you get a black jack and the pit boss breaks it down with the music! This casino caters primarily to the young crowd. I always have a great time gambling here. . I came up a couple hundred so for right now, I love you PH casino floor!. . I've never stayed at the hotel but I suggest staying at the PH towers instead which cost pretty much the same (sometimes less) but is an all suite hotel with beautiful rooms and only a few minutes walk further.
I like this hotel.... . Has everything including EOS, huge mall, casino, Pink's, and is located right on the strip.. What more can you ask for?
We got to Vegas around 1:30 in the afternoon and although on our reservation they said check in wasn't until 3 o'clock, they had a room available for us right away! Check in took all of 2 minutes, which was fantastic.. . We got to our room and it was clean, smelled really nice, and had an awesome shower.. . We got changed and headed down to the pool (they call it the "pleasure pool"). As soon as we got off of the elevator on the 6th floor we could feel the heat. Glad we were staying on the 12th floor and not the 6th! We got to the pool and they checked our bags (you cannot bring in outside food/drinks), and they supplied us with fresh towels. The pool area was nice, though it was mostly pool deck and not a lot of pool. There was a red bull DJ playing pretty loud music the whole time, so if you are looking for a quiet, relaxing pool time, this is not it! It is beautiful and fun though.. . The beds were comfortable and we fell fast asleep right away!. . The prices were reasonable and I'd definitely go back!
i was gambling in this hotel and the cocktail server came up to us fairly quickly to offer us drinks tho it took awhile for her to get back to us
LOVE staying at this hotel, for the following reasons:. . Price: This place is pretty affordable and a great bang for the buck. . Atmosphere: I may be a little biased, bc I love all things "Hollywood", but the hotel is absolutely GORGEOUS.  It's not bougee or formal but more of a mix between glam and hip and modern. . Crowd: Young and fun!. . Location: Probably the best location on the strip!--Close to the airport, across from City Center and Cosmo (LOVE)...pretty much, in the heart of all the action. . Shopping: The Miracle Mile shops are attached to the hotel, so it's the perfect place to go to without even having to step outside. . Food: EARL OF SANDWICHES!!!!. . But....I had to take off 1 star for the bad lighting in the rooms. Bad lighting + a room full of girls = a challenge when it comes to getting ready!
We didn't stay here - but our good friends did, so we were able to partake of a poolside cabana, and the experience totally made us regret our choice of hotels. . . Planet Hollywood is young, sexy (hot girls dancing on tabletops throughout the casino) and generally a fun place to be. It also has a major convenience factor with the Miracle Mile shops on hand. The pool is even better.. . The Sunday we were poolside was a chill one. No outrageous craziness, just fun, fun, fun. Cabanas were comfortable and well-attended to. I liked the pool set up, too. I didn't like that there were unattended children hanging around, in the jacuzzi, etc. I prefer adult-only pools, personally. . . All in all, we had an amazing afternoon here, digging the Vegas sunshine and enjoying the best of company and meeting fun people. This is likely to be our hotel of choice next time around.
There's plenty of things to do at Planet Hollywood. I think that if you are bringing children, then perhaps this Hotel/Casino is the way to go.. . The place is huge. Really. They have the Miracle Mile Shops and a rather large casino. Also, the food is pretty good. They have the Earl of Sandwich--which I hear is bomb. . . Casino wise, the cocktail waitresses are kinda mean. lol. I think they are expecting to be tipped first before they bring your drinks? I mean that's cool, and we were planning on tipping, but dang! We waited a while for our drinks--we walked out and left.. . But i like that they have a lot of shops here. Also, they have Lombardi's at the miracle mile shops! :). . While I personally would never stay here because of the children (there was a lot of kids with their parents) i would definitely stroll around for the shops.
My bf and I checked in around 430 pm. Line was long but the clerks moved pretty quick and they were also efficient and friendly. Got the panorama suite:. -Great, big view of the strip from the 19th floor. . -Def a party suite--huge tub that opens to the living room area, big screen tv, kitchen, iPod dock . -Has a bar and 1 1/2 baths, another big screen tv in the bedroom.. - My bf and I thought the bed and pillows were super comfy (best part of the whole suite i thought). - It was the middle of the week, so we didn't hear a lot of noises, so sleep was no problem.. . Although the suite was spacious and the bed and pillows were super comfortable, we both found the whole place poorly lit. I guess because the walls were painted a deep red? The good thing about that was during the day, we opened all the curtains and we had some light shining in. . . I'd probably consider staying here again if I had some friends coming in from out of town, but would probably spend a night elsewhere if I were with my bf.
Planet Hollywood is a very nice Hotel (not the best). The rooms all have a different movie theme and are modern as the Hotel is only a few years old. The Hotel has the Casio on the ground floor as well as a number of restaurants, a theater (for Peep Show) and a dance club and a large mall attached to the casino. Overall we enjoyed our stay, The biggest problem with the hotel is parking.. When we arrived for check in Valet parking was closed so we had to self park in the structure attached to the mall. We we check in we asked if they were going to reopen valet so we would not have to carry our bags across the mall to get them to our room, the check in staff said they did not know and the only thing we could do was park in the mall structure and walk through the mall with our bags. ( it is a long walk) We were at the hotel for a week and noticed people walking through the mall with luggage everyday. I check a few time and i think they had the Valet closed everyday. The pool area was nice and you have to show your room card to get in so it was not to crowed, and they have an adults only pool separate from normal pool the problem was that it closed very early everyday and the security at the door would not let me bring in a drink that i had purchased at the hotel and made me throw it out before she would let us go in. Overall i would stay at the Hotel again, but the parking is terrible.
I really enjoyed my experience at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino. . . We arrived late night during Halloween weekend, and upon check-in said they had a room for us with one king bed and it was smoking.  Considering we had four people and smoking room was not even an option, they were very fast in re-accomindaitng us to a suite on the top floor which they said was normally reserved for high rollers.  I figure they use these rooms as for comped stays and over bookings since you can't even find the room we stayed in on the hotel website.  It was on the second to highest floor and needed a key for elevator to take you to it.   The suite featured high ceilings, a bar, 1 bedroom with a pullout and a living room.  The bathroom also featured a tub, shower and TV.  I would guess the suite was about 1,000 sf.  . . What is also great is the location.  It's right in the middle of the strip.  Across from city center/Bellagio and in between MGM & Ballys/Harrah's.  You don't feel like you are at the end like Mandalay and Wynn.  . . The biggest plus for me is the casino.  It has a very hip vibe and isn't huge like most casino's in Vegas.  It doesn't take you 20 mins to get to your room from the front door.  . . All in all I would def stay here again.
I enjoy my stays at PH every time i come to visit Las Vegas. Its affordable and everything is convenience Such as Earls sandwich which opens 24 hours and the miracle mile mall which also has a fat Tuesday as well.. . If you want good hotel deals. Visit my friend that djs and works in vegas at www.efxvip.com. . smartervegas.com for deals too.
I really enjoyed my stay here. We had an upgrade to the 19th floor with a great view of the pool and Ballagio fountains. The bathroom was super roomy with a sit-down shower and jacuzzi bath. Great designing and fast elevators. The casino was confusing to get out of but customer service was great.
I didn't stay at their hotel so this review is for the casino. As far as casinos go, Planet Hollywoods one is okay. It's clean looking and dealers are fairly friendly. Not sure if this is a plus or a minus, but out of all the casinos I visited, this was the only casino where all the dealers were dressed slutty, in bustiers and thigh highs. Other casinos has some dealers dressed in that way but not all. That didn't really give off a good impression upon me. I lose money at this casino...but my first win in vegas was here..too bad it wasn't a great win haha. . . I love how Earl's Sandwiches was 24/7 and they also had Miracle Miles shops connected so it's super convenient.
Nice hotel. I like that each room is themed with a major hollywood movie. I think the one we were in was Ghostbusters theme. But all in all, pretty much a regular hotel room. The lighting however was kinda dark. and our lamp was missing a bulb? haha. I wish they had one more lamp and a vanity area so not everyone had to cram into the bathroom to get ready. . . But the night thing about staying here is that whatever you need, you can get within walking distance. There's food, shopping at the miracle mile mall downstairs and a convenience store with all your snacking and alcohol needs. Not a bad hotel. The suites look pretty sweet. Just need to get enough people to go so we can afford them! And it's situated in a good area of the strip. Major clubs like XS or Tao aren't walking distance, but a short cab ride away.
Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here. Planet Hollywood has a young, hip vibe and is probably one of the most fun places to stay in Vegas. The location is ideal too because you're right in the middle of the strip. The rooms were nice and comfortable with pretty big bathrooms. My only complaint is that the pillows were not very comfortable. Each room is themed to a specific movie and features props and memorabilia. We had an awesome time at the pool, which was yet again young, hip, and filled with good looking people. I'd recommend staying here if you're between the ages of 21-35. It's definitely a party hotel.
Bachelorette party up in PH! Each room is decorated with a different movie theme. Since we had to change rooms so many times due to front desk issues (and one of the rooms smelled like vomit), I got to see several layouts. Beds are comfy. The bathrooms were spacious and each of them had a shower and tub. Oh and it was kind of a pain to have to change elevators to get to different floors. The main pool near the shops is decent. Go early if you want a cabana. The other pool is meh. If I get a good deal again I wouldn't mind staying here in the future. I remember when it used to be aladdin. Still has the genie lamp sink handles and door knobs...
i love this hotel ! The rooms are very clean house keeping is great . . The location for this hotel could not be better plus you have the miracle mile shops where you can go catch a bit or go shopping. I love eating at the Planet Dailies restaurant they have great food and great service, i love the wine selection its not to expensive . . . Hotel rooms are great, the beds are so comfortable flat screens and the tub is great to take a warm bubble bath. The only thing that really sucks is the fact that they charge to use the damn gym ! I understand if people want to use the spa great charge them but the gym no bueno lol. . . Overall i would stay at this hotel in a heartbeat its always clean and the vibe at the casino is always positive and up beat
Second time staying at PH. It's a nice Hotel right in the middle of the strip. There's a Mall attached to the casino so you can find basically everything nearby! Earl's Sandwichand Pink's are located downstairs! . . There's a nice pool here, the rooms are nice! The rooms are movie themed. The first time we got Back to the Future, this time around we Romeo and Juliet. Bathroom's nice and big. The staff were nice, never had any problems while we were here. We checked in early and got our room early too! Spice Market Buffet is here. It is a short walk to the Bellagio if you wanted to watch the fountain show. Actually if you stand right out in front you can the show without having to cross the street. It's a nice hotel and I would def keep staying here!
We have had our trade show here for the past 3 years, Labor Day Weekend, and PH has done a great job overall in taking care of us. There have been some less than stellar moments starting off, but I think it has all come together nicely. All restaurants in the hotel are excellent, from the Earl of Sandwich and PF Changs up to Koi and the Strip House, . Thanks PH!
Review is for Pool and Casino:. . Pleasure Pool:. We stayed at PH Towers but came through to play the slots and went to the pool. We got a cabana at the pool Friday...it was cool. Waitress was bitchy in the beginning as if she didn't want to serve us. We were nice and everything, shejust came up with a stanky attitude...guess she thought because she was getting a tip regardless, she didn't have to be nice. Whatever bitch. Anyway, the pool was a little dead because we got there at 10:30ish. Some other ppl were there, some dude was rude to me because I didn't want him but whatever lol.. . The pool started playing music, I think they had a DJ by the pool around 12ish. Cool spot and not too expensive for a cabana (it was 3 of us). We ordered food, it was avg...nothing to write home about. Overall, cool experience..it was 110 that day so we stayed until 1:30/2pm and then went inside to gamble, which brings me to..... . Casino: . . Definitely for the young folk! lol! I'm young so it was great for me. There wasn't any drunk young people running around like others mentioned...Idk where yall was but definitely didn't see that. Cocktail waitresses were nice and attentive. Definitely a young crowd; 21-30 y/o...I won a little money but not before spending it all first lol. Had a good time.
Here's to my second time in Vegas and my first time at PH. I must say this place is great, definitely almost number one if it wasn't for the new neighbor Cosmopolitan to steal their shine. Sure there's plenty of other beautiful hotels to stay at but PH is soooo convenient. The mall is just a few steps away from the Casino as well as PF Changs and Yolos. The pool is maybe not the best looking one on the strip but it is so much fun. To top it off its not even on the haunted list unlike most hotels nearby.  I can not wait to be back in two weeks however this time I'll be at the PH westgate's presidential suite. Yay for me!
Pretty nice hotel known for their Miracle Mile shops :) Didn't stay at the hotel but did check out their shops.
Had a great stay here with my girl. Cute rooms, and the housekeeping was great. The only thing that was a bit dull was the pool, looked kind of like a bore.
One of the best hotels for party-goers ages 21-30! This is probably THE hang out hotel for this age range during the day/early evening before everyone heads to the poppin' clubs. There's a mall "Miracle Mile" full of shops geared for young folks and restaurants. My personal favorite (and I'm sure plenty of others can vouch for me) is EARL'S sandwiches.. . Favorites about PH hotel and casino:. . -- Earl's Sandwiches!. . -- Each room has a different movie theme.. . -- Miracle Mile shops. . -- Heart bar. . -- BUFFET! (it's no Wynn buffet, but still pretty good). . -- Betting and watching games at the sports bar.. . SINGLE CON:. . -- It can be somewhat difficult to navigate. It takes a few visit to figure out how to get around the damn place lol.
First time staying at the PH and wow it's confusing.  the rooms are pretty small, but it's nice and clean. love the bathroom though! it's HUGE! the whole setting of the hotel in general, is very confusing.  it took me FOREVER to find the elevators for my room. it's like a freaking maze up in that place! but i do love that it's connected to the mile shop and there are a lot of things to do around the hotel and what not.  i would stay here again, but only if the price is right.  luckily the rooms were free when i stayed here, thanks to my friend.
(3.5). A Frickin MAZE!!!. . I like to start with the positives. . There's Earl of Sandwich. . Prices are reasonable (i booked mine from hotel.com). They have tubs instead of just showers. . . I originally booked a Hollywood Hip room, which was the basic. . However, when checking in, they showed me that i would be facing the back lot. (ofcourse right?)  I was offered a $20/per room./per night upgrade so i could see the strip and they also found me adjoining rooms, which was good since i was with relatives in two rooms. It was so much more convenient than being separated and plus they got to see the strip. . . MAJOR COMPLAINT= the self parking is hella far from hotel entrance!. My poor grandma and mom had to walk the entire miracle mile as we did not know it would be that far! The rest of the trip, dude and i pretty much was going back and forth to pick them up at the lobby. Took about 12 minutes each way. They have free valet, but we never like to valet in general... bad stories. . . Rooms are not created equally! (in the same category). . We had adjacent rooms on the 16th floor and there was a few differences we noticed. The room i was NOT sleeping in had noticeably softer beds (must be the beds some yelpers were saying were sooooo comfortable- we didn't get those). My room had the very low water pressure that some guests noted, while the other room had perfectly good water pressure... . . Minor complaints. . There's a pretty sizable opening on the doors leading to the restroom, which do not lock or close all the way. Peek a boo... thankfully not peek a poo, as you have ur private door for the toilet.
Great hotel with a great selection of food and shopping. I liked it better when it was the Aladdin but there's really nothing I can do about that.
Oh how I miss Vegas... . This Hotel was awesome One of my top favorite Vegas hotels for sure.. . This place has a mall inside of it ! which was awesome to walk around and kill time from the 106 degree heat (In June). They also have a Rock bar where some of the UFC after parties are held.. . The casino is really nice, I was able to get about 4 or so drinks from playing slots here which was more than I could get anywhere else. . . Lot's of Starbucks of course, Big hotel. . . I recommend to hit this Hotel up if you are on the Strip.
A hotel attached to a casino and a mall... dangerous... but so fun.
Fun place, Great time, PARTY PARTY, (Party big  Play big Win Big)
I enjoyed my stay @ PH this past week.. . PROS. GREAT location on the strip.. GREAT casino.. Very clean, modern, nice sized rooms, comfy bed.. MILE-long shopping!. Fun themed hotel rooms (I got Empire Records).. I had a nice view of the Bellagio fountain show from my room.. Great service.. THE BEST music, both poolside and in the casino on the strip (in my opinion) if you want to feel like you're in a club but gamble or be pool-side instead.. . CONS (these are minor cons, the pros far outweigh the cons).. bad water pressure in shower.. no fridge.. I didn't like the pool setup-- there are only about 20 chairs poolside and the rest aren't even within view of the pool. They should add a pool in the center, this set-up just doesn't make sense to me. Also the young kid working the snack bar was too busy hiding in the corner talking on his phone to wait on my friend & I.. . All in all, I think that Planet Hollywood is a great place to stay, especially for a younger crowd. The casino is very, very cool (very eye-catching!) and very big. It's always hoppin'. The mile long shops are awesome, and the rooms were great for the price. I would love to stay here again in the future, and I would be curious to see some of the other themed rooms!!
I stayed here once and I got to admit ITS GREAT.. . +Room rates were really cheap ($43 and no resort fee). +Rooms were very clean. +Nice bathroom even though the door to the bathroom doesnt lock (WTF). +Tub was big and separate from the shower.. +The Hollywood memorabilia in each room is cool and also kinda creepy. (first time I walked in thought there was someone standing over my bed lol). +Earl of Sandwich is amazing. +Younger, hipper crowd with their pleasure pit.. +nice location on the strip. . . Everything has been great so far
Wife and I stayed here last week for a few days. It's a good hotel, plain and simple. Check-in was quick, and the employee who did the checking in was very pleasant. $20 tip trick worked ( google it ).. Now, here's a tip... Remember your walk from the check-in to the elevators. Because, that will be the last time you don't get lost in this hotel. More about that later.. I had requested a mini fridge for my beer, oops, medication. It was promptly brought up 5 minutes after we got into the room.. The hallway smelled overwhelmingly like smoke. I mean, I'm a smoker, and it bothered me. But, being in Vegas, you get used to it. ( The room smelled fine btw). Had a good view of the strip.. It wasn't noisy like some other reviewers have said ( but then again I was 27 floors up. The only noise I heard was, well.... never you mind what that noise was). Room was plenty big, and a cool bathroom with a big tub, which I would have like to have some extra carricular activities in, until I saw the poster of Morgan Freeman right above it. I swear he was staring at me. So much for sex in the bath tub.. Casino was like any other casino, except at night, they had gorgeous women wearing next to nothing dealing, and dancing around the tables.. Nother tip... Eyes forward unless you want to walk in face first into slot machines all night. The sexy girls will be dealing and dancing all week, no need to stare.. Now, lemme say this. I hate puzzles. I hate mazes, and I hate Sudoku. . This hotel is combines all 3, in that it's impossible to find anything you're looking for, unless it's by accident. I think it's round, which doesn't help getting around.. I wanted to try earl of sandwich my first night, and I'll be dammed if I could find the joint. Finally, after asking every 10 feet, we bumped into it ( but it was worth it. Those sandwiches are awesome).. The location of the hotel is perfect. It's right in the middle of all the hub bub.. Never had a problem with anyone who worked in, or for the casino or hotel. Everyone holds doors, smiles, and nods.. The only 2 problems I had was the fact the my sink didn't drain properly, and the hot water wasn't so hot. I know some clowns on Yelp would take off 4 stars for that, but Christ, it's vegas. Get over yourself.
Recently stayed here and was impressed by the size of the room. We got a large room with two queen beds, and an huge bathroom.  The bathroom was huge enough to fit all of us girls at once without having to bump elbows. . . Supposedly we got a handicap room.  Now that I think about it, and considering the company, that may have been just the case. LOL.. . Room looked clean, and well put together. Interior was great. We even had a huge air mattress that converted into a couch. Two chairs, assembled into an ample size "bed". . . Loved the large variety of stores, even rivaled the shops at ceasar's palace. . . For those of you who are fans, earl of sandwich is here. So is the sugar factory. . . What I appreciated even more is that there was much less foot traffic heading towards the room elevators. Typically the hotel room elevators are right in the casino. Much more secluded here.
I really enjoy staying here when I come to visit!  the prices are reasonable and the location on the strip is great!  the rooms are nice and clean and if you are lucky (or decide to upgrade and sometimes the $20 trick does work) you can get a great view of the Bellagio water show!  . . I really like the fact that it is in the middle of the strip!  just makes it convenient and it doesn't kill my feet as much!  one day I can explore one half of the strip and the next day the other side!  . . I also like being attached to the miracle mile shops!  it's nice to have options.  if you are hungry and it's late then Earl's is super yummy!  I trust coffee and tea from a more reputable location such as the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf rather then the unknown cafe downstairs.  If I need basics like water or chips I can go to the ABC store cuz there is no shame to saving a few pennies when you will be spending $10-$15 on a shot!  Lastly, if I just get bored (as I don't gamble or go really crazy in the party scene) I can go shop!. . my reason for taking one star away is because of their pool situation.  They have two regular, nothing special pools on two separate ends.  there are maybe 10 chairs next to the pool that are free and the rest  of the seating are cabanas and couches for a fee.  the rest of the seating are a few steps down and away from the pool!  annoying!  I can't even see my stuff from the pool!  I would have had no problems renting a cabana, however they were tiny little tents (maybe 10x10..maybe a bit smaller) and they barely fit more than 3 people (we had a party of 8) with a tiny little fridge.  And all it costs for such luxury was anywhere between $325-500 depending on the season.  no thanks.  I'm not cheap by any means but if you saw these cabanas I think you would agree! . . Lastly, just because it's 90 degrees outside does not mean that you make the pool's temperature below freezing! Slight exaggeration, I know, but I could barely get waste deep cuz it was sooo cold!  there was no way in hell i was going to dunk my head in that water!  I'm lucky and surprised I didn't catch a cold!  . . Overall, great place to stay, but if your planning any pool time at all I would probably look elsewhere!
The girlfriend and I were in Vegas for a few days of adult recreation.  Planet Hollywood served as our base camp.  We had requested a non-smoking room with a king bed; however, they only had a room with two twins ready upon our arrival.  We elected to wait until one was available.  Since we had to wait, the desk clerk took the time and effort to put us in a better room (#1130) than just a standard one.  Granted, it wasn't a suite, but based on the photos and movie memorabilia on the wall, we called it "The Kazaam Suite" a fitting homage to Shaquille O'Neill's cinematic "masterpiece".  Okay, seriously, the room was really much better than the movie.  Our room was clean and comfortable.  Furnishings were modern looking, but the chairs were not the most comfortable.  The bed was better than average, much better than ones found at Paris, but far inferior to the ones to had at the Cosmopolitan, the Palms or the Hard Rock.  The windows had effective "blackout" curtains.  The bathroom was equipped with his/her sinks as well as a separate shower and tub.  The towels were decent.  Maid service was good.  AT&T 3G coverage was spotty and slow in our particular room.   However, customer service by the front desk was PH's best quality (well, that and perhaps the attractive dealers and go-go dancers in the Party Pit).  We requested a late check out to better match our departure flight time and they granted it without question or additional charge.  Planet Hollywood may not be at the very top of my list of places to stay in Vegas, but it offers great all-around value.
I only went to the Casino part... even though I didn't win any $, I still had a lot of fun. The decor is cute and the lights on the top change colors. . Bathrooms were really nice and clean :). It's also conveniently located kind of in the middle of the strip so if you do stay here, you can walk to either side :)
We got ourselves situated in the new Planet Hollywood Westgate Tower Suites. For the price it's pretty good. Pull out queen in the sofa's and a large king size bed. Easily you can situate 6-7 heads comfortably. Jacuzzi included with 3 televisions, kitchen, and a WASHING MACHINE? Word! The only downside is the AT&T service blows at this location. No reception what so ever until you go outside.
This place is the best place for groups of people for Vegas.  I was searching everywhere where I can get a 2 bedroom with a full kitchen and normal fridge with 3-4 comfortable beds without breaking the bank and PH TOWERs is the only place that has it.. . At check-in the lady was super friendly even though she's been working for the past 7 hours on a thanksgiving weekend.  She gave us suite 2702 and it's the end of the hall suite and it was FRIKKING HUGE!. . Room service was fast and amazing and the place is super chic. . . Did I mention the drop down projector screen and the a USB/ipod hook up for music!. . Will mos def come back here again!
Recently stayed here for a weekend during the end of the Thanksgiving holiday to meetup with some of my local Vegas friends. I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Vegas before and at one point lived in the city so I like to think I have an idea of what I'm talking about. That being said this was one of the best hotel experiences I've had in a while. Check in took about 3 or 4 minutes and there was no wait. Check out took about 30 seconds from the in room TV. The actual room was very large and the bed was comfortable. Bathroom was just as big as the room and super clean. Price was very reasonable and the room service was quick. But most of all it was extremely quiet in the room and in the adjacent hall. I was on the 25th floor in the South Tower and it was very peaceful late at night and in the AM. For the combination of value, location, and overall vibe  I plan on staying here again on my next trip.. . Just a note on the casino, the place is a good spot for 20s/30s crowd. Good vibe and lots of bars. Limits are also reasonable on a Saturday night. You can find a $25min BJ table no problem.. . The only con I could say was that valet was full when I showed up to check in, even for hotel guests. There was a big concert @ the hotel that night so it's understandable. Self park was a bit of a walk through the PH mall but if that's the only issue then I really can't complain.
Love this hotel!! So we got there kind of late (around 5pm) and half our group was staying at the Aria across the street. I told the check-in guys that we didn't want to spend $300 a night which is why we are staying there. He told me not to worry - AND we got upgraded!! All 3 rooms got upgraded to Full 180 degrees Panoramic view suite!! It was amazing!! Our rooms were at least 4x the size of our friends rooms at Aria. And we paid less than 1/3 of the price. And we didn't have to pay a $20 a night resort fee. I'm officially a huge fan of Planet Hollywood. . . The Full Panoramic view suite was amazing!! The living room was huge.... it literary was a half circle wrapping around the building. The view was amazing too, check out my photos. . . TIP for Room Upgrade - Either go early, like right at 12:00 or late like 5 - 6 pm. If they are full (or beyond 98% full) they know they will have to upgrade a portion of the rooms anyways, so if you go early they might give you the upgrade. But if they are really not full, go at 6 pm when they think no one else is going to check in so they give you the suites. Out of all the times I gone to Vegas (well over 15 times), I think I only NOT gotten upgrade once. Good luck
Just for PH Westgate, not sure about the rest of the casino. Really nice suites (I think they are normally timeshares but when no one is there, PH rents it out). . Gambling tables are not as expensive as Wynn ($25 min buy-in!!) and pretty cute mall attached to it. You get what you pay for, so don't expect this to be like the Bellagio but still a great place for a fun weekend!
I've stayed at the PH westgate in a suite and met up with a group who were celebrating a birthday in one of the larger suites.  amazing layout of both rooms.  our suite had a bathtub, master bedroom, and large couch that slept 4.  6 of us fit quite comforably in the room and it was only $150/night at the time (some deal going on).  downstairs is the infamous earl of sandwiches with delicious tomato soup and of a good selection of yummy sandwiches.  pool is decent, buffet just okay, and a nice shopping area connected near the hotel.  can't go wrong with this centrally located hotel.  . . took a pole dancing class at the "stripper bar" which was a ton of fun.  highly reccommended for birthday/bachelorette parties.
I went here for my niece's bachelorette party last May. We got a suite with a beautiful view of the pool and the strip. I can't really say much about guest service because we didn't really use it except to ask for more towels, which we never got. With 9 women in one room, we had to have a lot of towels! But the folks at the front desk were very courteous and friendly. The pool area was huge with a dj nearby and servers around for drinks. The hotel itself is beautiful, very modern. Better than other hotels I've stayed in Vegas.
My review is only for the casino.. . Poker room was tight and poorly lit, relative to other rooms in the area.. Also not a big fan of the tables, similar to MGM, that have a hard top to the rail, making difficult to stack your chips and play your hand.  I prefer all felt to the rail, but that is a personal preference.. . The rest of the gaming tables are tight as well and the layout of the playing area is not well laid out.  You will get easily lost and finding your way out to the strip is confusing.. . The upside?  The outfits on dealers in the "pit" area are smoking!  They also have some table dancing late in the eve, great place to look around, as you are making donations...
Pretty good hotel. I stayed at the west gate in a 1 bedroom suite, but also got a chance to go into my friends 2 bedroom suite, which was pretty impressive. The 2 bedroom suite had a great view, while the one i stayed in did not lol. Can't complain though, the hotel was clean and had a nice welcoming feel to it. . Earls of sandwiches is right downstairs, so you can get a delicious sandwich for lunch without having to walk far.. There's shopping for you shoppers downstairs too lol and it's in a nice location on the strip.. Great place to stay if you ever get the chance!
I can't really think of any cons to staying here. The hotel is in the middle of the strip, its hip yet down to earth, the rooms are nice but affordable, and there are tons of shops and restaurants to check out. PH is on the top of my list of hotels to stay at in Las Vegas if you are looking to stay somewhere nice without breaking the bank.
updating my review after staying here again this past weekend.  the room is what is making me update my review, and the staff at check in and check out.  the casino is still great and probably one of my favorite casinos to gamble in because they play good music that keeps you up and going, along with having a large variety of games and slots to play, and the staff is always pretty cool.. . the 3 things that annoyed me:. - when we were making sure we had everything out of our room before leaving, we checked under the bed and there was a ton of crap under the bed from used towels to just trash.  and for some reason there were some cheese puffs in the bathroom by the toilet like someone got trashed and was eating cheese puffs while throwing up and spilled the cheese puffs.  kinda gross, but we didnt' notice it earlier. - the placement of the room was annoying as it always seemed loud in the room from who knows what.  the sounds i was able to pick up were the traffic on the strip, and airplanes from the airport.  we were on the 20th floor so i am not sure why the traffic was so loud, and not sure why we would here the airplanes as last time we stayed on the 23rd floor in the resort room and we didn't hear any sounds.  and the resort room was far more comfortable as far as room and bed comfort.. - the other thing that kinda pissed me off was the staff at check in and check out.  last time when we stayed here, the guy at the desk at check in was really chill and hooked us up with room upgrades (upgrade to resort room and high floor comp'd) but when i asked the guy this time about upgrades he was talking about how slow it is at the casino and that we would have to pay $50 a night for the room upgrade.  i told him that i got it comp'd for 2 rooms a week ago when i was there and he told me that wasn't possible and gave me a bunch of crap so i just told him that we would keep our basic room.  at check out when we told the lady about the crap under our room she said "oh, alright.  ill take it into consideration."  what the hell is that?  no offering to make up for your staff not being able to properly clean a room?. . overall, i would give it a 3 for this time, and mixed with my previous 5 from last time, it balances out to a 4.  we shall see if next time is a better experience if i stay here and don't upgrade to the westgate towers.
Great central strip location. Fun, young hotel/casino with modern amenities. I've stayed twice and I will stay again.
I come here just for Earl of Sandwich.. . Sometimes I lose money on the way in on blackjack though.
fun place to stay.  the decor in our room was pretty out dated but I can't complain too much cuz it was free.
After deciding on running the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon, we needed a place to stay to cater 10 people.  Yes I said 10.  Out of the 10 only 4 were registered runners and 1 was a bandit runner (Good job!).. . We got a free bottle of liquor per room per night and was able to accommodate all the people in our rooms. It was nice and spacious and can't complain with the price we got the rooms for. Also the location's pretty prime as it's in the center of the strip next to the Miracle Mile shops and all the prime hotels. . . I would highly recommend Plant Hollywood and would stay there in a heartbeat if the price was right!
Had a great stay at Planet Hollywood! We arrived around 5:00 pm and they offered us a complimentary upgrade! We had booked a standard room but received an upgrade to a Boulevard Suite! The room was massive and had a pool table, lots of places to lounge around and 1.5 bathrooms. The Boulevard Suite is a one-bedroom suite - the bedroom portion resembles a standard Planet Hollywood room, with a bigger bathroom (had a jacuzzi tub). The living area where the pool table and conversation areas are had an entirely different character - black is the predominate color with white accents. The room was very cool, but lacked some of the luxury - tech features of the newer mega-resorts - ie. tv in the bathroom, automated drapes, automated light controls, etc. One minor fault I give to PH is that the self parking garage is ridiculously far from the hotel. You have to walk through the Miracle Mile shops to get to the casino before you can get to the lobby. Luckily, the resort elevators are directly accessible from the lobby so you don't have to walk across the casino like most other Vegas hotels.
The first time I came here was for for my friend's 21st birthday. She booked the fountain view suite for $700 and I was like WHAATT?! This better be the suite on the strip! Walked into the room..DISAPPOINTED. two queens and bathroom. mmm...more like a standard room. So i asked the front desk and they said it was a standard room. and I asked why is it called the fountain view room? ...turns our we had a view of the fountain from bellagio. -_- what?! im not gonna pay $700 for that? i was tripping balls man!. . Second time i came here...Much better! I came here with my boyfriend and we paid $213 for a standard room. Walked in...King size bed, pull out couch, nice coffee table, a huge bathroom, a view of the strip, a tiny kitchen with dishwasher, sink, and a micrwave. Oh and a TV. I think we got a suite. SWEET.. . So yeah my friend got ripped off. Thank goodness I only stayed for one night and paid $30. Argh.. . Pros:. EARL OF SANDWICH. lots of affordable shops. . Cons:. so far from the parking lot
We have never stayed here, but we have eaten at several places this hotel and casino offers.  . The layout is a little confusing when we were trying to find the lobby of this hotel to catch a taxi.  . Gambling here is not bad, plus the Starbucks here offered free WI-fi.  . The other good thing about this hotel and casino are the shops right next door in the Miracle Mile Shops that are connected to this hotel.. What I love most about this place is I can connect to the Internet on my Iphone for free when on the casino floor.  . Plus, the misses and I have had the best luck in this hotel and casino compared to the many casinos we gambled at.. I would suggest staying at the Flamingo and coming here for water, cheaper coffee, and free Internet. . Cheers everyone and happpy yelping!!
GROUP BDAY TRIP TO VEGAS, go big or go home. We got a very accommodating room EXCEPT FOR the fact that there was no fridge to put our bottles of alcohol. So we literally took the ice bucket and rotated bottles in and out of it, it was hilarious but we did what we had to do. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was amazing and roomy, we even had a bathtub party with 3 girls, myself included. ;D For a room just to sleep in, its not too bad but I'm sure there are better places to stay at. The great part was our view faced the fountain so we were able to see the water shows.
This place won me over.  I'm a fan, and if you give it a chance, I think you might be, too.. . My only real grip is the parking, so let's get that out of the way before we move on to more pleasant subjects.  Unless you valet, you park in the structure located behind the "Miracle Mile" shopping mall and walk that "miracle mile" from the parking structure to the casino.  . . The south-center strip location is great, especially if you like to check out some of the nearby properties, such as the Cosmopolitan located more or less directly across the street and easily reached via the nearby foot bridge.   It's location also makes it really easy to get to and from the airport, and you don't have to use the strip (Las Vegas Boulevard) to get there, which is a big plus when the strip is packed.  .  . Check-in was painless.  The registration desk is a little difficult to find if you've not been here before, but once we found it (one floor down from the main casino floor), it was smooth sailing.  The clerk was friendly and helpful and had us on our way in no time.  . . Our room was nicer than I expected, especially for the price.  The room and the bathroom were both good sized, especially the bathroom, which had a separate walk-in shower, a separate toilet room, a large jacuzzi tub, and a sizable double vanity.  The furnishings in the room were generally nice, but my bed was pretty beat and was not comfortable. . . The best way to describe the casino is fun.  At times, they play really good music, and they have go go dancers who dance in the "Pleasure Pit" table game area and, at times, in the Heart Bar located in the center of the casino.   People seemed to be having a great time.  . . All in all, we had a great time at the P-Ho, and I'd be happy to stay there again.
Check-in was speedy and friendly and a message that was awaiting my arrival was instantly passed on.. . The strip room was good on the 24th floor, small window overlooking part of the strip and the bellagio fountains.. . The room was large, as was the bathroom, and I found it to be clean and daily housekeeping was to a good standard.. There were no problems with out stay, but just as there was nothing spectacuar? . . The location is certainly a plus point for this hotel - pretty central on the strip.. I would have nothing against staying here again, however with such a variety of choice in Vegas, I'd likely choose somewhere else for a different experience. If you choose to stay here, you wouldn't be dissapointed. It value for what you get.
First time staying at this hotel recently. A few reasons, decent room rate (bought a few weeks early), central location on the strip (across the street from City Center LV), gambling at Pleasure Pit, some really good eats and drinks located inside the resort/casino and the Miracle Mile shops.. . Checked-in with ease and our 2 bed suite was in the south tower. It was nice and comfortable size, bathroom with a walk-in shower and separate deep bathtub. LCD Tv and movie memorabilia decor. Some noticeable repairs in a few areas of the room that weren't too attractive. Overall, a good stay. . . Current Favorites... . Eats:. -Spice Market Buffet. -Earl of Sandwich. -Pinks. . Libations:. -Fat Tuesdays - if you're into crazy flavors and sizes of daiquiris. -Halo Bar. . Be sure to get a Total Rewards card for added benefits!. . I would definitely come back.
Planet Hollywood stands out from most of the other Casinos on The Strip because let's face it, after a while all the casinos start to look the same......and that's even before you're tipsy off the five free cocktails that you blew $200 for at the blackjack table.. Planet Hollywood has a cool hip scenester vibe. They play good tunes and have some good lounge acts playing throughout The Casino. My personal favorite area is of course The Pleasure Pit where girls dance in lingerie above the tables-gives you a little more bang for the buck that you're about to lose.. Once you get up to the rooms they're pretty much the same as all other rooms in Vegas. They're comfortable and come standard equipped. Each room also contains some item of memorabilia from a film or television show. I can now die fulfilled from having spent a night in the same room as a piece of the magic from the "Alien Nation" TV show that I never once watched.. If you're in Vegas and are paying that much attention to the room, you either have no clue how to have a good time or you're broke and have nothing else to do except wonder how in the hell "Alien Nation" EVER got made into a TV series. Now get your broke ass back down to The Pleasure Pit.
Honestly, it got 4 stars because I left this hotel ahead.. . Free Pet Stay Rooms for 3 nights - Win win. Pet accomodations - (where you can walk the pooch) - not so great.. . Hotel wise, its an improvement over Flamingo where we stayed at last summer for a family visit to Vegas.  The accomodations are fine but thinking it was adults only (not), the hotel was busy for the holidays (we were there Dec 24-26).  . . Valet parking and getting to the parking area is easier than Flamingo which has its entrance from the Strip.  . . The room itself is pretty big but nonsensical.  First and foremost, we were at the 8th flr (the 6th flr was where the pool was).  If this was a regular summer evening, you would not be able to fall asleep as it is close to the pool.  Luckily it was quiet and calm on this visit.  The size of the room is great but the configuration was all wrong.  You enter through the foyer area (sizable), to your right is the bathroom with two opposing sinks, a bathtub by the wall between the shower area and the toilet in a room.  There needed to be at least a small bench inside this bathroom.. . The bedroom has decor to commemorate one of those old tv shows, in our case Moonlighting with Cybil Sheperd and Bruce Willis.  Both their blazers were displayed in a table and in a frame on the wall.  Otherwise, the bed King size is typical hotel.  The TV is on the right side of the bed which is hard to see if you are laying on bed. The entertainment center contains the drawers for your clothes and a small area for hanging clothes.  I don't think it would have been sufficient if two ladies were sharing this room.  The ironing board was also on this closet.  If you need a fridge, you need to order one for you room at an extra charge.. . Since this was a comp room, I will not argue the different costs additional that you might experience including the aforementioned fridge, internet access.  I do feel that Housekeeping is overwhelmed and a bit hard to get things from.  We requested 2 luggage racks (one was in the room) so that we can set our baggage on top of it instead of placing them in the drawers.  Only one came and only after almost a day waiting.  We requested extra pillows but was told that only one person was registered therefore we were not entitled to more.  We were told that if you have the sign that you have a dog, housekeeping will not enter yet we found them in our room after returning from the fitness center.  Luckily we always leave the dog in his kennel when we leave the room (for his own safety and keeping him away from damaging anything).  . . Fitness center - ah..we seem to always luck out that the sauna which we were willing to pay to get into, is always broken in hotels we visit.  It must be the low end of the season (or we are staying in average hotels).. . Casino wise - as mentioned before I made out with good games and did not lose any money.  The atmosphere is alright especially since the hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile of shops (sort of a mall with standard shops and food court and restaurants).  They have the Pleasure Pit which shows women scantily clad dealing the games.  Wasted on me of course but it was still entertaining.. . Overall, I would say 3.5 stars but had to round it to 4 stars for the free accomodations (I still had to pay for the pet fee for the stay).
I did not stay at this hotel, my rating is only on the casino. . I really enjoied the high energy club energy in the casino ( I was there Saturday night 12am).
Great place to stay because my 2 friends and I got a great deal - $260 for 3 nights! . It also has a great location - right in the middle of the strip and across the street from the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio. . . Check-ins and outs are very quick and the rooms are extremely spacious. Bathrooms are huge as well, with a standing shower and a fancy schmancy bathtub. . . Most of all, there's a mile of shops attached, so it's also great for shopping! :)
Good experience
Ill start by saying the location of the casino is really good, across from the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan. . . HOTEL. Checking in:. We got two rooms and checked in around 2ish and was told to come back around 3-4 and our rooms would be ready. At our initial clerk, we asked for joint rooms too. Because Two people separately bought the rooms, I didn't want to try the 20$ trick :/. We did our thing, and came back into the Keys line. The guy said the room wasn't ready yet, but hooked us up with the bigger room. From a Hollywood Hip to a Resort room fountain side. The rooms weren't jointed but was one room apart. . . Room: The room itself was pretty big, the bathroom was super huge. Now here are my complaints. One night, a guard interrupted our pre-gaming and told me that this is a 2nd complaint and they can kick us out. I told him that's kinda bullshit because we never received our first complaint, so sorry we were loud. Eventually we saw who our neighbors were, some old couple. One of the rooms showers were handicap, so that room's bathroom floor would be soaked. One of the doors on the cabinets were broken, and we figured whatever, we are not in the hotel that long anyways. . . CASINO. Casino: Really con-fricking-fusing. Everytime I am on the casino floor, I think i know where I am going but it took all 3 days of my vacation to know where to exactly go. I really do not like how there is no main pathway, it's really a cluster of everything in a circle.. . TLDR: Got a room upgrade, but got complaints i've never received, and faulty items in the room. Casino is a cluster F-bomb. Has a good location and price, but I think i would spend a bit more and stay else where.
Room- This was the best hotel room I've ever stayed in. We stayed in a Kings Suite and it was awesome. Close to the airport as well. Cant beat it. I will stay there again if/when i go back to vegas. Clean and Quiet.. . . . Hotel- there was plenty to do in the hotel. Their a strip mall with plenty of good restaurants and retail stores.. . I would give the hotel a 5 start but the sports bar down stairs was terrible. DONT GO THERE! Terrible food and service.
penthouse on the 26th floor. . . two bedroom, two bath, living room, dining room, full kitchen, washer and dryer, projector GREAT PLACE TO leave it to VEGAS! . . room service- prompt.. . location: right smack in the middle of the strip!
Fun Fun Fun!!!!! This is my new favorite casino in Vegas. There is a great upbeat feel when you walk in the casino. They have top 40 hip hop, pop music playing at all times and plenty of eye candy for the fellas top look at. Their deli was my favorite that I've had in Vegas. The Earl Of Sandwich, all of there sandwiches are 5.99 wraps 5.99 soup 3.99. I had the caperse sandwich it was a refreshing feeling with every bite on perfectly toast bread it was seriously heavenly. I also had the BLT sandwich also excellent,and the  tomato soup was great. Poker room was in the middle of the casino which is kinda different, its definitely a nice room that has lots of traffic going through it but not overbearing.
I had my bachelorette party in Vegas and stayed at this hotel for one night. My girls were awesome because they actually came the night before (originally I planned on coming the night before) but it was my sons 8th grade graduation so I missed the one night of fun in vegas.... I couldn't miss my sons graduation. I made it on time in Vegas starting my Saturday morning. Anywhoo, hotel is gorgeous and clean. Love the look and atmosphere.  Very fun!
I have to say I have a love/hate relationship with the hotel room mirror. It makes a girl look slim and on point, but when you get out of there and look into a regular mirror, you can't help but thing, "WTF was I thinking when I was getting ready?" lol.. . That aside, PH was pretty awesome. It's a great location, there's a good crowd there. The Miracle Mile Shops were a fantastic place/temptation and there was a wide array of restaurants to go to. The staff were really helpful. The room we stayed in was the Donnie and Marie room; it was great, aside from the mirror. The bathroom was fabulous with their double vanity, one on each side of the bathroom. The room was spacious; it had two queens and room for a sleepaway bed. And speaking from experience, the chairs in the room are super comfy, comfy enough to sleep in. The view from our room was Paris and Bellagio fountains so that was pretty sweet :) The elevators were always pumping music I wanted to sing along and dance too so that was also fun lol. Another sweet perk of staying here: Earl of Sandwich lol. I love it so much that I started my day there and ended my day there lol. I'd stay here again just for the convenience of having them in the hotel lol.. . I think the only thing I didn't really care for was the parking or trying to get to it. There's no entrance from the strip, you have to go onto Harmon I believe to get to the parking, valet and cabs. Their buffet was all right, but for the price you pay, you can get better food at the other places on the strip. Also in the elevators, they have their screens not on the side or above the panel; they have it on the roof. I didn't care for that either. I didn't get to check out Gallery so I can't comment on their nightclub. . . Overall, I liked it. I'm a fan and I'm staying there again for my b-day weekend!
ONE COMPLAINT.. I LEFT $10 ON THE DESK .. came back.. my room wasnt clean.. AND MY $10 was GONE!!! WTF kinda thieving ass ppl do u motherfuckers HIRE??!!??      but other than that.. im a happy camper.. had a good free trip on planet hollywood.. =)
It's center of everything!!! Make everywhere walking distance.  I think nothing is better than this.  . . The lobby is a little small and not as special as other hotels.  I mean decoration and the theme.  They don't have strong theme at the lobby.  Room is okay.  It's cheap I would say.  My friend got a great deal for us and it's less than 60 dollars per night.  . . There are not many hygiene products in hotel.  They don't have brush and toothpaste unless you ask for it!. . LOVE VEGAS!
The lady dealers rock! U most sit at 'La Ninga's table for blackjack and play roulette with Marie....very fun
The best part about this place is the location. It's smack in the middle of the action and you have the Miracle Mile Shops. The crowd is young -- the average age is probably 30 or less, which is perfect for me. . . Here's a tip (literally): try the $20 tip trick (google it if you don't know what it is). We paid for the cheapest room (Hollywood Hip room) and ended up with a corner Resort Room with a strip view and the tub overlooking the Bellagio fountains on the 19th floor. That would have costed us $200-$300 more. I'd say it's worth it, but try to find the front desk agent that's the most easy-going so that you don't fail with the upgrade attempt.. . About the room itself:. Planet Hollywood is the old Aladdin Hotel and Casino. You can still see the the signs of it with the "magic lamp" faucets in the bathrooms. The bed is comfortable and the room is simple but nice. As far as rates are concerned, they vary day to day. From my experience, they were cheap (under $100/night) about 2 months before your check-in date, and then they slowly start going up each day all the way until the 48-hour cancellation period, where they then start having $79/night specials (which made me mad because I couldn't cancel my old reservation and rebook it). I used Kayak.com to book the rooms.. . The machines seemed a little tight, like most on-the-strip hotels. The poker room is laid-back with very little sharks. The rake is a little high ($5/hand) but they do have a high-hand jackpot for quads or higher (I hit a 4-of-a-kind, which is $50. No complaints from me). Waitresses and the Pleasure Pit dealers wear the skimpiest outifts. Guys, you will like. LOL. . The last suggestion is the Earl of Sandwich. If you like Arby's, you will LOVE this place. I had the original roast beef sandwich and the loaded potato soup. FRIGGIN AWESOME.
One of my top 5 casinos in Vegas.  Centrally located, which is perfect as a tourist when your trekking around the Strip.  Clean, modern decor and not unbearably smoky like a lot of casinos can be.  Good vibes from employees and visitors alike and zero stuffy atmosphere.  There is a huge mall (Miracle Mile) with plenty of stores for everyone's budget.  There are several shows you can go see.  The best part?  Some of the most affordable on-Strip eats are located here- Earl of Sandwich and Fresh Grill to name a few.  One of the few casinos that's great for locals and tourists alike.
After staying in few hotels around the strip, you were looking for a cheep hotel for the weekend.. We found PH in vegas.com and booked our 2 rooms for 2 night.. We found it a cheesy cool hotel that hosting a lot of early 20 yr old kids.. good service and great location.. I would recommend it to any 21+ kids to book at the PH.
I have stayed here more than 20 timeson business, every January for the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and National Association of Braodcasters (NAB), since the hotel was named the Aladdin. It offers the Million Mile shops. The hotel offers a convenient location on the center of the strip adjacent to Paris and accross from the newest City Center (Cosmopolitan Hotels) and Bellagio Hotels. The dinner buffet is one of the best in the area. The upgraded resort rooms are extremely large if you happen to get one, with very nice large bathrooms with both a shower and separate tub. All rooms have a safe.
On my second trip to Vegas I stayed here with a bunch of wonderful ladies for a Bachelorette Party. We had booked four Hip Rooms and were hoping they looked as awesome online in person. They were beautiful rooms with really nice features like the bathroom. We absolutely loved having a big bathroom with a private door to shut for the toilet. It was also pretty cool to have a table and walk in shower. The location is perfect because you are in the middle of the strip and next to the Paris Hotel. You are also across the street from the Cosmopolitan and the Belligo. . . The pool was open when we went and while I loved the big open space they definitely need to look into putting another pool on the main level instead of in the small area where it is. They did not have enough space around the pool for anybody so everyone had to pick a chair down on the main level then walk up and down every time we wanted to go in the pool or hot tub. . . Planet Hollywood is connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and Restaurants which is nice because you are connected to a variety of shops and food. . . I would say the hotel is definitely geared more towards the 20 somethings then an older crowd because the casino, bars, and restaurants are pretty connected. That can get loud and some people may not like that. . . My only complaint with the hotel was that the housekeeping staff was very rude. Now I know that I am sure they do not love what they are doing but the few requests we did have were nothing major. We asked for a few extra towels in each room because all the rooms had four women staying so two towels would not be enough. They acted like what we asked for was the biggest deal in the world and were quite rude about it when they bought the towels up. The only complaint I had is that they misbooked two of our rooms and then acted like we had to deal with one king bed and a rollout for four people. That was rather rude and impossible situation. Lucky one of the ladies I went with found someone to fix the situation. They were upgrade to a suite style since they ran out of the other rooms.
This was my second time staying here. For the price and the location, I would stay here again. Really close to the Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, and that area. . . The casino is small, but I'm not a huge gambler (food and shows) so that was fine with me. It wasn't super smokey, for the most part. There is huge mall connected to it (The Miracle Mile), and there are some shows there as well.. . The room was decent sized and clean. We had the "Lost in Space" movie theme (not the show, but the one with Joey from Friend's). The bathroom was clean, the room was relatively quiet for Vegas, nice TV and enough room to sit. A fridge would've been nice, but that was extra (per night). Beds were okay, but I had a loose spring in mine. Oh well.. . The customer service was outstanding. The machine to print my boarding passes stole my money, so one of the employees printed it up for me. Yeah for kindness. I'll review the food separately. . . Tip: Check in can take a while around 4-6pm, so be forewarned. . . All in all, I'd stay here again in a minute.
Ok, first  thing you should know is PH towers West gates is now Hilton Grand Vacations Hotel or something like that,...they were changing the name the same day we arrived in Vegas Mar 22nd. . .  The Good: Very nice hotel! Decor is really nice and the staff very friendly! We stayed in the two bedroom suite on the 16th floor and the view was excellent especially at night! Our SUITE was huge! with a projector size TV in the living room, complete kitchen with knives, forks, spoons, cups, wine glasses, dishwasher & detergent. The bathroom has a washer/dryer that was very useful!!. . THE BAD: Vegas is for Partying especially on Sat night so who's bright Idea was it to make check out time @ 10AM!!! I called for a later time to check out but was told there is not a chance and that I would be charged extra just to stay till noon!...Pissed me off being that I called the day before and was told just to call @ 8am to inform them I wanted a later time so I called at 7:53 am and was told this crapp!...WE DIDN'T GO TO BED TILL 5 AM SAT NIGHT! so breaking the news to the fellaz that morning sucked!!! CHANGE THAT DAMN POLICY!! AT LEAST MAKE IT TILL NOON!!.  . Other then that the hotel was great! Will try another one the next time though!
Pleasure Pit... 6 stars. Not kidding. But I digress.. . I don't want to repeat what has already been written about PH, so instead I'll write about the NCAA tournament "MAN CAVES" my buddies and I reserved the first weekend of games (also St. Patty's Day weekend). Our reservation was for Sunday, 3rd round of games. The man cave area was fairly empty as we figured most popular days were Thursday and Friday (more games being played).. . Man caves were in it's own secluded area upstairs. The area was sectioned off into 6-7 different man caves which had their own beer pong table, pool table, 4 tv's, and multiple couches. The decor was similar to the rest of Planet Hollywood, very sleek and modern. The entire area was dim. We had our own personal bar and access to our own betting counter which wasonly 6 steps away. It's all you can eat and drink for the entire day. The food was average. They had what you would expect: veggie platter, chicken wings, quesadillas, pulled pork, sandwiches, pizza and fries.. . Service was great. They generally walked around once and awhile to check up on us, but they were around so we found them and ask them if we needed anything. So my friend found a mid-sized basketball hoop next door (those game machines you would find in an arcade). We started playing on it and ended up spending a good portion of the day going back and forth. The employees noticed and turned on the tv's in that room. After talking with them, we found out that it was one of the "championship rooms" which basically mean a bigger man cave. It's about 4 times as big, with more couches and one additional tv screen projector. They said since no one was using it anyway, we could use both. Employees were very chill and accommodating. I would do it again, but probably catch the 2nd round Thursday and Friday games instead. More games, better value. . . Overall I had a great time and would recommend this for any college basketball fan.
This is a decent casino. The poker room is weak and the craps are MEH! Where they get their plus stars is from this dancer girl who is usually go-going around the center bar thing. She's blonde with a perfected bubble butt. My friends and I call her "Buttcheeks". SO BOMB! The MILF Hungarian dealer lady is awesome too. She really knows her roulette.
For the price, everything was pretty good. I waited a while in line to check in. It seems as if they are understaffed a little. My Dad flew in from Ohio, so we only stayed one night. We had the basic room with 2 queen beds. The room and bathroom were open and pretty big, especially the bathroom. The decor was a little cheesy, but I think that is the whole point of the casino....cheesy nostalgia. Everything was clean in our room, including sheets. Do NOT use the bar soap they provide. You will feel like every drop of moisture has been sucked from your body. If you do, use the lotion! . . The casino was nice. We went to a little Mexican grill on the casino floor. We both got steak quesadillas and they were awesome. They came out really quick too. They recommended those and tequitos for Poker players who need to be in and out. . . The only downfall was the understaff and when we checked out, the bottom floor smelled like horrible sewage. That was a huge turnoff and I wanted to leave immediately. I thought the woman walking in front of me was passing gas. lol . . All in all, our stay was enjoyable. We lost all of our money, but had a blast. :)
Great place to gamble, shop, grab a drink, etc.  Lost a lot of money here but overall I like the ambiance and variety of places to eat here.  If you plan on staying here, opt for Westgate- it's a little off the strip but its a lot nicer.
I had low expectations coming in, but after being there for 3 nights, they are very high now. I wasn't expecting all the nice amenities PH had to offer.. . I suppose my visit was good because a friend of mine comes to Vegas quite often, and she spends a lot at PH to get all of the perks.. . We got to check in the VIP area without having to wait in line. The check-in clerk was very nice, and very cute as well. She helped us get our room, because we were in a hurry to get back out because of some arrangements we had going else where.. . The room we got was on the 15th floor in the panoramic room. It's basically the corner suite with the living room space covered in windows. 2 bedroom with 3 queen sized beds. One huge bathroom with a shower, hot tub, toilet, bidet, 2 sinks and plenty of room. There was a second bathroom with just a single sink and toilet. The other bathroom was about half the size of the large one. It was very clean and accommodating to our needs.. . It's definitely living big here if you're going all out Vegas style. I don't have a clue how much the room cost us, but it was very nice. It had a Grease theme setup with props from the movie displayed in the room.. . The Casino level is pretty nice, and like other casinos... smokey :( Let's just say the dry weather and smoke didn't help me in my favor.. . The pool on the 6th floor is very nice, and we had a cabana reserved for us. We had Malibu rum and coke and pineapple juice for us to drink. They regularly refilled our mixers and ice and asked when they noticed it looked low. Great service.. . The mile mall is pretty cool. Some parts of the mall make you feel like your in a different part of the world or even outdoors feeling. Great shops if you like to do that kind of thing.. . Overall, if I come back to Vegas, I'll be coming back here.
Loved, loved, loved this hotel stay. We got a room on the top floor, everything was so pretty and clean and brightly colored! . . The beds were comfy... although if you jumped on the foot of the bed to sit, the bed popped up! Lol. Other than that, it was fine.. . The bathroom was lovely. Seperate room for the toilet, see through shower, separate big tub, little TV to watch while I showered. . . Really enjoyed my stay here. Everything was clean and comfy!
Planet Hollywood is very accommodating to their guests! I have stayed many places on the strip and I must say this was one of my favorites! They comp'd my room, and didn't put me at the end of the hall! I love being the closest to the elevator and the ice machine!! I must say walking around the casino is very confusing, and the miracle mile shops are literally a mile around! But very fun atmosphere and helpful friendly staff :)........ps. definetly quicker to self park then valet.
Didn't stay here but came here for dinner and some gamblin... As far as hanging out here it's pretty nice, more fun then anything. Definitely a more young "clubby" atmosphere! The connecting mall is pretty nice and big. The staff were helpful in finding our restaurant and serving us our drinks as well! I think I'll stay here one day!!
I enjoyed my stay here. It was my first time in Vegas (minus being 12 with my parents at Circus Circus) & PH was PERFECT for the younger crowd. Our room was a resort vista and it was beautiful and clean. Wehad a problem with the toilet, but called someone and they came to fix it right away. The drain also took a long time for the water to go down in the shower. And the TV in the bathroom didn't work. The pool area was huge but the pool itself was pretty small.. . The biggest problem with this place is the maze you have to go through (Miracle Mile mall) to get to the lobby to check in & out. There's an easier way if you walk outside, I discovered on my last day, but with 100 degree weather, maybe inside an air conditioned building isn't so bad.. . But besides that, the bed was comfortable. The temperature of the room was perfect. Awesome location right in the middle of the strip. Cheap price for the stay. Friendly/helpful staff. I would come back to Vegas and stay here again. Thanks PH!
Stayed at this hotel twice? I think twice. . . Rooms are comfortable and clean! Bathrooms are clean, and HUGE! Perfect for the ladies like myself who likes to bring out the full glam treatment for Vegas! The only downfall I would say is that you don't get daily turnover. Or at least, our room never really got a turnover. . . Mostly though, this is the most convenient hotel I had ever stayed at. It's easy to get food at any hour, you can get your daily Starbucks, and the mall is attached to the hotel. . . Plus, it's not cheesy and dirty, and you don't get the stroller and children crowd here. Most people staying here seem to be younger, but not completely party crazy. The dealers in the Pleasure Pit are cute and really friendly.
Didn't stay here, but got to hang out for a while. Played some cards and had a few drinks.. Won at blackjack, so it was a good visit. After i doubled my trip value, we walked over to P.F. Changs and had a few cocktails and appetizers.. Then the night got a little fuzzy....
The suites here are awesome! I love the projection screen that drops down! The rooms are spacious and beds are really comfortable. It is also really affordable if you split the suite with a lot of friends. They also put us on the top floor which was really nice and the views were amazing.  Earl's is located right downstairs which is convenient because you know you'll get hungry after a long night of clubbing or gambling! The only bad thing is the walk from the hotel to the strip! I would definitely stay here again!
Took my sister on her first Vegas trip and wasn't sure where to stay and since i haven't stayed here yet, why not! So glad we did cause she loved it, from the music they play throughout the casino and the vibe of the place ,which seems to attract early to mid 20 year olds, since we are in that age group, it was a good place to stay. We arrived at 8am and asked to check in but they only had smoking rooms available so we just checked in but had to wait til 12 to get our rooms which we figured was gonna happen so we put our bags away and came back at 1 and got our rooms right away.The rooms were clean with minor problems,In my sister and cousins room their light in the restroom wasn't working for some reason but, the maintenance guy came up to fix that right away and in mines and my bf room our toilet was having issues and our water pressure was weak in the shower, but their bathroom is really spacious which i liked! We loved the location it's right across from the city center and the Miracle mile shop is connected to the hotel and lots of places to eat. I would stay here again!
For the price it's definitely worth it but the rating is closer to 3.5 stars.. . My family and I got 2 rooms (hollywood hip standard room) on the 23rd floor which was the top level for the south elevators.  During check in we received a smoking room because it was the only one available but they said some people don't smoke in the room.  The room was definitely bad but to be expected considering it was a smoking room anyways.. . Other than that our rooms were clean and housekeeping always came late in the day around 2pm or later.  We did have some problems in just one room where the bathroom lights turned off.  We called maintenance and they told us to press the reset button. Three calls later they finally worked but we also told maintenance that our shower head had no water pressure.  Within an hour they had someone up to fix it and it was a lot better.  The hotel room was spacious but had absolutely no drawer space, the bathrooms are quite large and having a separate bath and shower was definitely nice.  The toilet had a door but had no fan or light switches from inside.  The pool sucks so stay elsewhere if that's a priority.. . Overall this hotel was great for the price and the convenience of having the miracle mile and earl of sandwich was one of the main reasons why we chose to stay here.  I would come back if I got a nonsmoking room and I was on a budget.
I stayed here for three days while vacationing in Vegas. We had a fountain view Junior suite on the 21st floor. This hotel had previously been Middle Eastern themed, and all of the fixtures in the room as well as the architectural of the building other than the facade still showed that influence. The only concession the hotel made inside the room towards its name where a couple of scattered "movie memorabilia" pieces. To be perfectly honest, a leather jacket that was possibly may be worn by somebody in a movie made 60 years ago was less fun to see on the wall then perhaps an actual painting. Hell, or even just a better color than the sandstone that was everywhere. The bathroom was also infuriatingly unlit with the actual switches nowhere near the toilet at all. Let me tell you how fun this was drunk at three in the morning. We did appreciate the quick walk from check-in to room and then from room to the strip. This is a much more compact hotel than others in the area.. . The casino itself is geared toa younger crowd, perhaps, than some of the other casinos on the strip (or at least it seemed that way to me). Aside from the stripper-esque "Pleasure Pit" dancers, the crowd in general seemed younger and the music that was being played early in the morning was extremely clublike. There is, in fact, an actual dance club somewhere on the premise, I do believe that it is connected to the casino directly, but I never went. The hotel and casino is also directly connected to a reasonably large mall of course, and is pretty much directly across the street from the Bellagio fountains, which is a huge plus.. . On the one hand I would recommend this hotel, but on the other I would probably choose a slightly nicer one the next time I go. If you're going to spend a large amount of money on a hotel you might as well spend it on a nicer one. Your mileage may vary.
One word: LOCATION! Everything is within walking distance. We stayed in the "Bill and Ted" room with a strip view. Nice and clean with a HUGE tub! Big enough for two :) Separate toilet and shower, no fan for the toilet which is a bummer. The casino is always hoppin' at night, with a nice younger vibe. We were able to have an early check in at no extra cost. Definitely recommend using the valet because the garage is quite the trek from the hotel lobby.
Just a quick note, before I start with my review:  The hotel entrance is off of Harmon not Las Vegas Blvd.  I was so confused because off of the strip, you see all these different shops but no vehicle entrance.  Make sure you head to the valet entrance since it's free in Vegas.  All you have to pay is the tip!  So, valet and let those nice bell boys help you out with your bags.. . As we were coming to Vegas for a bachelorette party, and we are the bridesmaids, we had packed the car to the brim with enough gift bags, booze, snacks, decorations, and suitcases for the weekend.  Our bellhop was amazing and helped grab every little flowery gift bag (there were 22 of them) and wheeled all our stuff to our rooms.. . This was the first time I stayed at the Planet Hollywood, but since the remodeling and transformation from the Aladdin, I expected it to be pretty nice.  We had four different rooms, so I went and peeked into each one just to check it out.  I loved that every room had a different movie theme, our's was Lost in Space.  There were some random movie posters on the wall and memorabilia scattered throughout the room.. . The restroom area has a huge vanity counter and mirrror, a large jet jacuzzi tub, shower, and toilet.  The layout was much nicer than most other hotels, and was incredibly spacious.  Since we had 4 girls to a room, space was definitely a necessity.. . Some of the girls became a little frantic when their room keys didn't work as a result of them placing the cards next to cellphones and credit cards.  We went downstairs and the guy at the front desk got us two keys very quickly.. . I love that the hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile shops.  There are so many different stores and restaurants to keep a shopaholic busy for days.  It's also convenient to not have to leave your hotel to go buy some last minute accessories for your outfit or grab a quick smoothie from Jamba Juice.. . The Planet Hollywood is also in the middle of the strip which makes it super convenient to get from one hotel to another.  Although, we went when it was over 100 degrees every day, so we took taxi cabs instead.. . I really enjoyed our stay at the Planet Hollywood, but after this trip, I realized that my body is getting old and I can't really hang in Vegas anymore.  How sad.  For all you young'uns, party on for me!
Some of the bloom has fallen off the rose for me when it comes to this place.  I'm still a fan, and I'll continue to stay here sometimes, but I've got some gripes:. . We had a confirmed reservation for a room with two queen beds.  When we arrived to check in, admittedly a little late in the day on a Friday, they had no such rooms and placed us in a room with one king bed and brought up a roll-away.  The promised to move us to a room with two queen beds the following day.. . When we went to registration the following day, admittedly late in the day, we were told the only room with two queen beds available was a smoking room.  After asking to be placed in another property, if necessary, a non-smoking room with two queen beds was located on the property.  . . At this price point, the rooms are good sized, especially the bathroom.  However, some of the beds are beat.  When I stayed here in January, my bed was beat.  The bed in the first room we had on this trip was beat, too.  To be fair, my bed in the second room was fine.  . . The hallways look a little run down and dated. To me, they look dark and dingy, and the AC in the hallways could be improved in places.  . . Check out was slow.  The express check on the TV did not work the last time we stayed here, and it didn't work this time, either.  To me, there is no excuse to have customers cued up in a long line to check out if you don't have the registration desk fully staffed.  People have planes to catch and what not, and a long check out doesn't help.  . . Parking is a drag here, no other way to say it.  The structure is not huge, and on a busy weekend, it takes time to find a place to park.  Once you park, you have to hike the "miracle mile" through the "Miracle Mile" shopping mall to get from the parking structure to the casino and hotel.  It's not the worst thing in the world, but I can make it painful to leave the property if you want to use your own wheels to go places during a stay.
I stayed here for the first time just recently!  The location is perfectly in the middle of the strip across from Cosmopolitan and there are the Miracle Mile Shops located inside plus Starbucks, Earl of Sandwich, and many other restaurants.  . . My first interaction with Planet Hollywood was over the phone when I tried to book my room for a lower rate.  I booked it early in advance and I saw a price drop on their website so I decided to call them to see if they could honor the summer promotion offer.  They gladly offered it to me for even cheaper than the website rate and they were SO nice about it!  I received a confirmation email within minutes of the phone call and I always felt like a valued guest over the phone, which is kind of rare nowadays with any kind of customer service.  . . Upon arriving in Las Vegas, it was slightly confusing finding the valet parking area/entrance to the lobby, but we made it there in one piece.  We stayed in the Hollywood Hip room with two queen beds.  The bathroom was huge, but a downside is there are not enough outlets in the room especially near the big mirror in the hallway to allow us to get ready efficiently. . . Also, the pool situation is kind of awkward.  There are two pools located on opposite ends.  Not sure if this is the case for other hotels on the strip or not, but if you want to lounge near the pool, you have to pay for a bed or a cabana all day.  The other lounging area with just regular lounge chairs is in the middle between the pools, but not anywhere near the pool so if you want to check it out, you might have to leave your stuff unattended or someone has to stay behind to watch it.  . . All in all, it was a good experience especially for a decent rate and great location!
The Good: This is a very nice and well maintained hotel. It's placed at a great location on the strip. Earl of Sandwich is here! The dealers are attractive. The bedrooms with 2 queen sized beds are VERY roomy and comfortable. The beds are soft and the blankets are nice. They give you extra blankets if you ask for them.. . The Bad: The toilets in the rooms are a little under powered. It's confusing to walk around the "mall" area inside.. . The Ugly: I lost $200 on black. Screw you, roulette.. . The Verdict: I would love to return and stay here with either family or friends. I recommend this hotel to everyone because it's affordable, comfortable, and convenient.. . Considering my previous hotel experience in Las Vegas was at The Flamingo, Planet Hollywood is practically paradise.
Surprised that I liked staying at this place not thinking what it was about.  Easy access to the strip and street for taxis.  Good places to eat.  Didn't do the shopping but it's a nice feature, good location.  Got a room for pets so it was oversized plus it was free for 3 nights.  Nice roomy bathroom, beds could be more comfortable and I'd recommend coffee machines in the room.
The casino has nice tall ceilings and there wasn't a ton of smoke. We gambled here a bit before seeing the show.
The rooms are the most glorious but great bathrooms and it seemed nice enough.  The hotel hallways need some updating and I wish the pool was still upbeat in the off seasons like in Feburary.  We have stayed at others that keep the pools going... but still nice to be able to sit in it at least... even without it being truly "open" with all the bells and whistles.  Great atmosphere in the casino... Love the lights and sparkles and the pleasure pit.  I enjoyed the younger feeling of this casino.  Love the mile shops... great location...
$20 dollar trick works wonders. Got the resort class room and the space was surprisingly roomy. I usually stay at the Westgate Towers (now Elara) and got spoiled by their price for space ratio but I wasn't upset with this 540 sq. ft at all. It fit seven people quite comfortably and there are two sinks.. . That and I love Earl of Sandwich, the line is so fast and the food is actually cheap for being on the strip. Bad thing is that they charge for the roll out bed but I heard that it depends on the person you are talking too so just be nice I guess.
Came for Earl of Sandwich and went to the pool. . . The pool was free didn't ask for room key or anything, just walked straight in. Has two pools, one which is for all ages and another for just 21 and older. Both pools were pretty packed and it was hard to find some chairs. When you first walk into the pool area there's a big section for just tanning, pools are on the left and right. . . Earl of Sandwich of course is a must and it's really cheap.. . Lots of shops and has a Fat Tuesday! so get drunk while shopping and grab some Earl's!
The only reason why I'm giving this hotel four stars is the fact that my group and I stayed in a beautiful suite! We had more than enough room and I think that having the suite made our stay more enjoyable.. . One star off because of the ridiculous wait time to get into our room. I had called the hotel the day before stating that we would be arriving at a certain time . They assured me that the suite would be available as soon as we got there. . . Lies. We did not get to check in until 2 hours later.. . . But all in all , aside from the miscommunication , I had a wonderful time here.. . It's smack dab in the center of the strip. And you don't have to travel far to get to the mall because there is one inside of it! Haha
I don't get the complaints. I really don't. Some may be legitimate, but really, who gives a crap if the carpet in the hallway is somewhat worn? SHEESH!! We stayed from Sunday, July 22nd to Wednesday, July 25th. We got to the hotel by 11 am and figured we wouldn't be able to check in, since it was so dang early. We decided to press our luck. Luckily, the guy had an available room and check in took a total of 10 minutes, if that. We stayed on the 25th floor, room 2559 to be exact, LOL! We got crazy lucky, because our room actually had a strip view (not perfectly since, you can see the part of the PH hotel jutting out), but good enough where the Cosmopolitan was right in front of us, and we could see half of the bellagio fountain show! And I was happy since we didn't pay for it! Our room was spotless, clean, spacious and fun!! People who say the decor "is worn" is smoking crack! It was very nice and nothing was worn. The bed was beyond comfy, sort of a tempurpedic feel. The bathroom was huge with a fun tub. The one minor hiccup was that we came home around 3 am, after going to a club. We were tired, feeling gross and sticky from the heat and we wanted to take showers. The water, was apparently turned off. Myhubby called the front desk and they said housekeeping was supposed to leave a note. We never found one. Then my hubby spoke with the manager, who was extremely apologetic and told him he would take care of teh situation. They kept apologizing and the manager was embarassed. I don't blame them, but housekeeping. Besides that minor hiccup, our stay was flawless and we will be back!!! BTW, if you want to get a good deal, actually try their website! I usually use expedia or orbitz, but I actually booked through the PH site and got a better deal! We paid $45 a night for our room!
So I must be weird b/c I always bring my own toiletries and many other reviewers complained about the ones provided here...also I though the bathroom was normal sized, not sure where everyone is staying with super-size bathrooms?. . We took a limo from the airport and I am glad we did after reading about the parking!. . I don't think anywhere in Vegas has free wi-fi, which is annoying, but I can't take stars away from PH just b/c they are like everywhere else.. . Good:. staff was friendly . hotel was quiet. Earl's & YOLOs are yummy and inexpensive. great location. easy access to shops, convenience store, restaurants. Pool Cafe-Bar-Arcade is air conditioned if you get too hot. Themed-rooms are cute.  Fantasy Island!  . Casino is fun.  Relaxed. Spacious.  . . Bad:. Pool is strange- there are 2 pools (one for all ages, one for 21+) separated by a parking lot type are full of lounge chairs which were filthy.  Cabanas and beds also appear to be less than clean.. We also got stuck in a smoking room, which did not reek or anthing but hey we reserved 3 non-smoking rooms on the same floor which they could not acoomodate...hello we had a reservation!. . I liked Planet Hollywood, I would stay here again.
Cousins stayed here for bachelor trip on weekend of May 10, 2012.. . Prices are very reasonable at ~130/night.  You could probably priceline it for less, but this location is great if you plan to party at Marquee (at Cosmopolitan) and have budgetary constraints.  Ph is right across the Cosmo, andI think I timed a walk from casino-to-Marquee under 10 minutes.  The Miracle Mile shops are also connected to Ph, and many people rave about Earl's (sandwich place -- can't miss it with the often-huge line).  And Pink's is downstairs too if you're craving a hot dog.  Walgreens is also next door if you needa grab supplies.. . The rooms itself are updated and very nice.  It feels sleek, and I really have no criticisms for the price you pay.  Do note if you're on the West or East tower, cause that could save you an extra 15 minutes of walking (or 30 if you're buzzed/drunk/wasted).. . I was impressed their Pleasure Pool had a live DJ too.  He wasn't one of the renowned DJ's headlining a big pool party like at EBC or Marquee, but he spun a good set when I was there.  The security (I hope he wasn't the head) was a bit of a douche, who didn't believe me when I said I bought the Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy (beer) there -- you can't bring in drinks.  He gave me a bit of a stare-down, and I repeated myself that I got it there and he could go check.  He did go check, but I don't recall him coming back to apologize for his rude approach.  Mike, on the other hand, was the dude at the counter inside who sold me those drinks, and he was very friendly.  Hope management gave two shits about this review, but it's Vegas... (they don't really).. . Oh, and they even set up a beer pong table in front of the DJ (it was a large, empty space with so much potential too), which gave the pool a very college vibe (kinda like Palms Place).  I wish there were drunk co-eds with nip slips to go with it, but alas, it wasn't meant to be.. . Since I go to Vegas monthly every summer, I sometimes get asked for suggestions on where to stay.  I say it really comes down to what you want to do, i.e. where you want to party.  I think traveling to and from the club(s) is one of the key factors on where you should book.  If you want to party at Marquee, Ph is a great choice for those on a budget (otherwise staying at Cosmo itself, or Aria or Bellagio is better).  If you want to party at XS, then you might wanna stay at Venetian.  Taxi queues as well as riding times can be killer, and you want to maximize the amount of enjoyment time on your trip.  I highly recommend booking a hotel room you can stumble back to, and Ph fits the bill with this regard, as well as a plethora of dining options.
Pros:. . *Great location. *DJ at the adult pool w/ cabanas and day beds (both cheaply priced compared to ultra-pools).. *Earl of Sandwich!!. *Fat Tuesday (to start the party!). * Miracle Mile Mall . *No Resort Fees. . Cons:. . *Rooms appear like they were cheaply put together. *Had to take two elevators to get to my room (get out of the first one, walk down the hallway, and get in another one). *Koi (Promoter slapped a bracelet on my arm and told me to get in there for the Expendables promo party...it was kinda small and if you don't have a table there isn't anywhere to stand other than the dance floor). . Saw a few stars there and enjoyed my visit. No resorts fees is key and location is great...def worth a visit. If you friend them on Facebook, they send you discounts.
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this hotel and casino. If you're walking the strip, Planet Hollywood is centered pretty well in the middle, so you can walk either way, without tiring yourself out too much. While checking in, we tried the $20 room upgrade trick, which didn't work, so we were stuck with our room without-a-view. Which was really okay because we weren't in Vegas to sit in the room anyway!. I believe we had the least expensive option and our room was a pretty typical hotel room...average sized and clean. The bathroom on the other hand, was quite large and included a separate shower, bathtub, toilet with a door, and a roomy counter with sink and large mirror. When everything is separate, it really makes it nice for getting ready to go out (multiple people can get ready at once). . The casino part of the hotel was also nice and features the Pleasure Pit, which basically consists of sexy, scantily clad dealers and go go dancers, dancing to popular music.. The attached Miracle Mile Shops have practically everything you could want with many higher end shops, some great restaurants and bars, and tons of entertainment options. We saw several shows while visiting, including Marc Savard, Comedy Hypnosis, located in the V theater in the Miracle Mile Shops and Holly Madison in Peepshow, located in the CHI Showroom in the hotel. If you're interested in seeing Holly, Planet Hollywood is definitely a good place to stay. We were walking through the casino on our way to our room one night, and happened to see Holly and a cameraman. They were apparently filming for the show Extra, so we stood in the background. Didn't get to see the show when it aired, but it was great way to meet Holly! And if you are looking to see her, act fast because I believe her stint at Peepshow will be ending this year.. Overall, I would absolutely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel to others. It is a nice, mid-range hotel in an excellent location and has many things to do and see in a close general proximity.
A great value especially when your room is free with Total Rewards as this is a Caesar's Entertainment property. First time we stayed here and we truly enjoyed it! . . Pros:. Clean room. Great view of Bellagio fountain/strip from room. Roomy with nice sized bathroom. Comfy beds. Casino has nice layout. Openings at tables and slot machines (no waiting). Starbucks. Variety of restaurants including Earl of Sandwich (24 hrs) (Can use Total Rewards to pay for food). Peepshow (Fun show, great stage visibility from seats). Free drinks a plenty on Casino floor. . Cons:. Restaurants are pricey. Pink's Hot Dogs-awful and no indoor seating-not worth $9 for a hot dog. Earl of Sandwich-Reasonably priced but slim on fillings (mostly bread). Elevators can be slow and it does not seem like all are running.. Skip Koi - go somewhere off the strip like Hot N' Juicy. . Definitely will be back. Room was quiet and spacious and hotel is conveniently located on the strip as there are back ways in, so you do not need to enter from LVB.
My boyfriend and I arrived on a Thursday night. We were greeted by a gentleman named Miles. He was so nice and accommodating. He really did make us feel like royalty! Even though we paid via Priceline, he made sure we were well taken care of. I told him that I had severe asthma and was recovering from a hospital trip -  he gave us options as far as rooms went. I really want to thank Miles for such an amazing experience, I really hope he is recognized for his hard work. . . The room was so spacious and bed EXTREMELY comfortable. We had a Forever Young themed room. I loved the decor and colors. IDK what people mean when they say the beds suck. . . My boyfriend and I will definitely be back to Planet Hollywood. Such a prime location and easy to walk to the strip. . . Loved the Miracle Mile shops. They have a cute Bettie Page store that I was dying to check out, and a Sephora for my makeup needs since I ran out.. . Thank you Planet Hollywood LV, you guys ROCK!
The hotel itself is cool and in a good location on the strip, essentially central to everything. We had a room on the 38'th floor that offered an excellent view of the strip. We were pleasantly surprised by the room, especially because we booked it last minute and still got a great price for it. The room was clean, spacious, well decorated, and the beds were comfortable.. . As previously mentioned in other reviews, the restaurants within the complex are quite pricey. The Miracle Mile shops are attached to the hotel and offer a lot of shopping options for those who are into that.. . All encounters with staff were positive, no one was rude or abrasive.. . The only minor gripe I have about the hotel is the parking. The parking garage is located quite a distance from the hotel lobby. One must walk through a very long stretch of the Miracle Mile shops before arriving at the hotel lobby. This can be quite trying and cumbersome when carrying luggage.. . Would definitely stay here again.
Stayed here last week for my friend's birthday. The rooms are not spectacular, but nice clean and comfortable. It is cool that each room is decorated with decor from a movie. That's different from other hotels. The location of the hotel is very central, smack dab in the middle of the strip! The buffet here is also really good and with the buffets of buffets, it's a pretty unbeatable deal! The biggest complaint, the walk from self parking to the lobby is a pretty far walk!. . A BIG positive:. I would like to say Thank you so much to the security guy that was working Wed night August 29 or more correctly Thurs morning August 30 around 4 or 5 am. I stayed at Planet Hollywood and had decided to go downstairs for some late night gambling. These creepy young guys were following me around the casino floor trying to talk to me. I tried to ignore them and kept walking around and around until I thought they had finally left me alone. When I thought I was in the clear, I sat down at a machine and had barely begun to play when another creeper came up and started trying to talk to me. I kept ignoring him and looking the other way and he didn't seem to get it. Out of nowhere, the security guy came and asked for the guy's ID and told him he was to leave since he did not have his ID on him. I turned to the security guy and mouthed "Thank you" to him. I had no idea but he came back shortly and told me that he had personally escorted that guy out of the casino! I thanked him again and I wanted to give him a hug (but I didn't- wasn't sure how appropriate that was) for being so attentive and responsive to the situation that I was not sure how to get out of, and all without me even having to tell him!! He was my hero for the night! Thank you for making me feel so safe!!
Casino is lively and fun. Great location.
Hubby and I stayed here for 3 nights.  Overall we really enjoyed our stay.  Check in was pretty painless.  They even let us check in several hours early.  I will say that I was disappointed that the guy checking us in didnt offer an upgrade.  Usually when hubby flashes his military ID we get a free upgrade.  We had to pay for it this time.  Boooooooooo.  We ugraded from a regular room to a fountain view and it was totally worth it.  The view was amazing.  As far as the rooms go, they are nothing special.  But again, the view made up for it.  The bed was fine.  Nothing great but not horrible.  Room was large and clean, same as the bathroom.  We didnt go down to the pools but after reading complaints and looking at the pools I can see why people complain.  Its a strange set up.  We did enjoy the hotel and mall itself.  There is so much to do.  All in all we would stay here again as long as we upgraded to the awesome fountain view.
My favorite hip hotel on the strip!. . This isn't a magical hotel or a luxurious stay or one of those hi-end suites with a retractable screen shade, but this vegas hotel is the best in overall experience.. . I've booked this stay for my wife's b-day weekend and this was 1st of 2 hotel stays on the strip. I"ll tell you what if you can get a good price for a stay here, you more than maximized your buck!. . Our room was clean and comfy. Nice dresser and comfortable beds. I've mentioned earlier that this hotel is hip, it is! It is not a typical run down hotel nor outdated. My room had a Nascar shrine of someone, not sure which professional driver it was but I had a Nascar display. I had to order a mini-fridge to my room to keep cool my wife's gift from Payard Patisserie and Bistro and i'm glad they were able to do so.. . Getting through check-in is weird here, if i'm coming from the rear parking lot, I would walk with my baggage on-hand and cutting off part of the Miracle Mile shops, so shoppers downstairs would see me a traveller in distress to get a room Lol, but hey it's all good who cares it's only Vegas.. . Its a fun hotel I recommend staying here, and don't forget to hangout at poolside its nice! Black and Purple are their colors here and it feels like being a Decepticon at night!
I think this is the newest hotel in the Total Rewards family.  Way better than Flamingo where I stayed last.  I can't speak much of the gambling since I didn't gamble here, but the rooms were nice.  I could have used a bigger window and the display for all the movie memorabilia took up some much needed space, but out of all the hotels in the Total Rewards family, this is my fav so far.  The location is great.  If I had my pick out of comped rooms, I'd stay here again.
Mainly was in the casino, but I have to say that out of all of the places, the baccarat tables had the coolest dealers.  They would chat with you and high-five you, and pretty much seem like they were into it even though we all know they're there all the time.  It's show-biz though, right?. . The main tables are around the Heart Bar, and there are dancers... like... everywhere.   I can't tell you how many dancers there were.. . It seems pretty fun as far as the little bit that I was there, but I can't say towards the living quarters.
Stayed here once years ago when it was the Aladdin and again last week as the Planet Hollywood.  I personally liked the change to a Hollywood-themed hotel.. . Pros:. Very large room, nicely decorated with a flat-screen TV and memorobelia from a past movie (I was in the 'Empire Records' room).. The largest bathroom I may have ever seen! Plus the 'commode' is in it's own room inside the bathroom so while one person is, shall we say "busy" the other can be taking a shower (or a bath, there are both in the bathroom!) using the sink or whatever.. Pillow-top mattress cover.  Very comfy!. Great mall attathed to Hotel/Casino. . Cons:. Paper-thin walls.. Loooooong walk through the mall from self-parking to Hotel/Casino. Self-parking garage VERY full (I stayed mid-week). Slow elevators and rooms on upper floors (above 30?) require the use of two elevators (from what I was told by someone staying on a higher upper floor). I was on the 20th floor in a pool-view room, which was nice however a live band played in the pool area until about ten and because the walls are so thin it did get a bit loud.  Turning-on the TV helped to drown-out the sound however.. They charge for WiFi by the number of devices you use.  I didn't use the Hotel's WiFi but while checking-in heard someone complaining about their rates.. . I'd stay here again.  I like the Hollywood theme and was very happy with how my room was furnished and decorated.
Planet Hollywood isn't the fanciest of hotels since it's more of a bang for your buck kind of place. Nonetheless, I enjoyed my stay here as the bed I slept on was very comfortable, and the location in the middle of the Strip made most points of interest an easy walk. It also helped that the person at the front desk upgraded our room with a view of the Strip, and let us check in extremely early (I'm talking like 10:30 AM early, as compared to the suggested 3-4 PM check in). He let us know that it was possible our room was still being serviced, but we only waited a few minutes before it was all ready. This was very much appreciated! Thank you kind, front desk man!. . The only problem I had with PH was finding the lobby. For some reason, that was much harder than it should have been, so for those reading this review who may be lost, take the escalators in the casino downstairs, and you'll magically find yourself in the lobby.. . If I come back to Vegas and want glitz and glamour, I'll go elsewhere, but PH suits me just fine for now.
I visited Vegas with a friend for a quick two-night trip to see Eddie Vedder at the Pearl (cancelled, boooo!), and decided on Planet Hollywood because of its placement on the Strip, affordability through an Expedia package, and lack of ridiculous additional fees. . . When we arrived, I pulled the $20 routine and mentioned that I was celebrating my birthday, and the clerk very generously upgraded us to a beautiful suite. High floor, fountain view, air hockey table, wet bar, tub that fit two people...yeah. Quite a way to start the trip! Throughout our stay, we encountered nothing but friendly staff. . . Unfortunately the weather took a turn for the cold, so we didn't spend much time by the pool. From what I could see, there weren't too many children running around, which is always a bonus. Neither of us are betting women, so I can't comment on the casino itself (except that I missed Chicago's smoking ban), but we enjoyed Spice Market and Yolo's. . . We had a very "basic" stay at PH, so take from this review what you will. Based on what I experienced, I would absolutely give it a second visit, especially on a moderate budget.
First time in Vegas  (being 21) and was pleasantly surprised by this hotel !!! . . We got upgraded from our original hollywood hip 2 queens to the resort room, and apparently you are supposed to tip at least $20 but i only tipped $5. I didn't' know ok  hahaha or else I definitely would have tipped more. . . Check in was very fast, we arrived at 5, and there weren't any lines at all, there probably would have been lines if we had arrived earlier. . Our room was huge & spacious, the restroom was probably the best part. . The view was gorgeous as well, we could see the Bellagio fountains, and the strip.. . There was 2 separate sinks, and a separate stall for the shower & toilet as well as a huge bathtub in the back of the restroom.  . . Check out took about 15 minutes, which wasn't that bad either. . The pleasure pit was really nice, all the boobies and everything to distract you while gambling. . . didn't get a chance to go to the pool but will go next time & plan on staying here next time as well. the prices are more affordable compared to the rest of the hotels, and ph is also located in the middle of all the other hotels. . . P.S. valet your car since it is FREE and the parking lot is a very far distance from the hotel, since you have to walk through the miracle mile mall.
Still one of my favorite casinos to hit on the strip.  When I have friends or family in town, I usually take them here. . . Why?. 1.  Good table games. When I say good, I mean lower limits even on the weekends.  Every table also has some dancers keeping you entertained while you lose your money. . . 2.  Poker Room:  Tough to call it a poker room since it's not really blocked off.  It's more like a bunch of poker tables in the middle of the casino.  Regardless, some fun and good games here, especially on the weekends. . . 3.  Miracle Mile = Shopping Experience and Restaurants Galore. . 4.  Bars, especially the Heart Bar, always has a great mix of people and a decent range of music.. . 5.  Goretorium (New). . 6.  Rooms:  I've only seen the rooms, haven't slept over-night in them. But still good enough. Nothing too impressive though. . . My only issue is parking, but it's no different than any other strip hotel and casino.  You can always valet, but they usually require that you are staying at the hotel if it's busy.  Not usually an issue because they've valet for me most of the time, even if I'm not a hotel guest.
Planet Hollywood has a beautiful main casino feel, a wonderful upscale vibe without being too 'high-end' or 'old' like other 5 star casinos might.. . The problem is the staff doesn't even know where one tower is and where the old towers are. On numerous trips different staff have been confused on where everything is. The directional signs are horrible. Finding the older towers is ridiculously hard. . . The renovated room and views are awesome, just make sure you get detailed directions where you go.
My absolute favorite hotel on the strip to stay in! I am a total rewards member so they comp rooms for me. I have stayed in all of the Caesars properties but truly love this one. It's in the middle of the strip so everything you want to see is sooo close. The restaurants are all amazing! So many choices. The miracle mile is a great place to shop for all budgets! The rooms are so nice. We always have a great view. Beds are comfortable! But the deep soaking tub is the best part! The need to update some of the movie memorabilia in the rooms but I really don't have any complaints!,
Stayed here while on business.  I had a magnificent room on the 32nd floor with a view of both pools, the Bellagio Fountain, and the strip. Awesome.  Can't say I was overly impressed with the room. The room had poor lighting and semi loud plumbing, but it was very spacious, and contemporary.  However, as a frequent traveler, I have experienced much nicer.  . . I do love the convenience of having the Miracle Mile shopping mall just outside of the casino. Love splurging in French Connection, Marciano, BCBG, Bettie Page (for my eclectic side), Benetton, Urban Outfitters, White House Black Market, and Bakers or Wild Pair when they have a decent looking shoe that doesn't lack in quality or craftsmanship. PH is one of my must stops for shopping because it houses the Coffee Bean, one of my favorite chain coffee shops. While I enjoy shopping at PH, I expected more in terms of the rooms. The rates are usually fantastic, but I would rather pay a bit more for luxury. In that regard, I will likely stick with the Venetian/Palazzo, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan (because I'm a Marriott elite snob, lol), or the Aria. . . 3 Stars for the room. 4 stars for the Miracle Mile Shops and great room rates
Tough call here.  I would probably give the hotel itself just a 3 based on the rooms.  They seemed tired, dated and, in some places worn.  But the basics were there.  A comfortable bed, hot water in the shower and an HVAC that worked as required.. . What I really liked about Planet Hollywood was the set up of the Hotel and the Casino.  Unlike other hotels where you have to walk for what seems like miles, everything was easy to locate, right near the elevators and overall very pleasant. . . We also had a really fun time people watching at the Heart bar in the casino that was centrally located and had a bartender that really knew how to craft great cocktails. . . So, based on the setup I will give the extra star and call it a four. . . Thank you.
Visited PH while in Vegas for the Rodeo. I didn't stay here, but did partake in the nightly festivities. Came here specifically for the live band from 10pm-midnight and was not disappointed. Great music and great drinks. Loved the pretty girls dancing on the tables...sweeeet! This place was happening, even on a Wednesday night. Tables were crowded, people were having fun, and the music was loud. Bravo PH.
We go to Vegas 3-4 times a year, and we usually try to get free rooms on comps. At first this meant staying at Imperial Palace (RIP), but luckily we now rate high enough to stay at PH.. . Over the years we've stayed at IP, Bally's, TI, Excalibur and Luxor. None of them hold a candle to PH. . . First, its pretty central on the strip, and the best part is from your room to the strip isn't a 5 mile hike like it is at some hotels. Then there is the fact that there is an ABC store in the Miracle Mile shops to get beer, liquor and water cheap and close by. . . Then there is the fact that there are casual, fast places to fill your stomach when you wake up not feeling awesome (a Pink's chili dog will do wonders for a Vegas hangover).. . The casino is mid-range, most table games are $15 and up at night, but some drop to $10 minimums during the day. The dealers are friendly and if you like the scantily clad type (makes losing money less painful) the pleasure pit features plenty of eye candy at night.. . Then there are the rooms. They are smartly decorated and have some of the most comfortable beds I've found in Vegas. And the room hallways are quiet!. . All in all, my new favorite hotel/casino!
I stayed three nights in this hotel after staying for 1 and a half night at the Luxor(Sucks).As my first time staying here,I loved this place.The room was nice and clean.I will stay here again when I come to Vegas!
More of a poker room review. One of the softest rooms on the strip, and that's a good thing. Located near the passion pit, lots of smoke in the air, and fast drink service. All of this contributes to the loose atmosphere. Few locals, so the competition is mostly drunk tourists. Any decent player can make a killing here if they just sit tight. The dealers are average or above average. They also have a high hand jackpot with a progressive for royal flushes. Four of a kind pays 100 as long as you table it and straight flushes pay 250.  .     As for the rest of the casino, I really like the atmosphere. Young, loud, and with great eye candy everywhere. The buffet isn't bad and the Earl of Sandwich is awesome for late night eats. I'm a big fan of this casino overall and I'd say I spend more time here then any other casino.
Casino: Newer, very hip and modern decor, located in the center of the strip, miracle mile shops, tons of ABC stores open later for your convenience, Earls of Sandwich open 24/7, Fat Tuesday, starbucks, nightclubs, bars, and Gordon Ramsay's new burger joint; definitely a place that the younger crowd frequents.. . Hotel Room: I've stayed here twice and both times I thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The first room was a resort room with the mountain view which is basically no view, but both the bathroom and room were very clean and spacious. The second time was at a jr. suite and the room was amazing with a view of the Bellagio fountains. No resort fees!. . Cons: it gets super smoky in the casino floor but because they don't use any air freshener like other casinos do, it gets really noticeable. But, if you walk out of the casino and to the shops, the problem goes away.. . Absolutely my go to place when visiting vegas!
For my first time in Vegas we stayed at this place. It was right in the middle of the strip which was awesome, you can walk all over the place. The room was quiet, and decent, the bathroom was spacious. I thought we could really use a mini fridge in the room, but seeing as there wasn't one, we had to improvise and use the sink lol. I thought the carpets looked pretty dirty though. I almost got lost because its such a big place. It sucks that you have to pay for internet, but that's how business goes. I don't know why the freakin parking lot has to be so far! I liked how each room had different movie memorabilia. The room we got had Rambo stuff in it, and the room my brother got had ...well, I forgot what movie it was, but it was pretty cool. I don't gamble much so I didn't really spend much time in the casino area. I'd definitely stay here again.
I have been staying at Planet Hollywood at least once a year for the past 5 years. . I'm part of the promotional team behind a custom knife show that happens every Labor Day Weekend at this hotel. PH has been so good to us over the years that I decided to stay here while I was in Vegas for the SHOT Show.. . The rooms are large and comfortable and each one ties in with the theme of a movie. When I'm in Vegas, hotel rooms are for sleeping...and I slept comfortably here. The TV selection may be limited, but again...you're in Vegas...why are you watching TV? My only real complaint is the WiFi isn't free. Not a major thing, but as a sportswriter covering the fight scene, you do need to log in and file a story or post pics from time to time!. . The Casino is a great place to party, drinks are pricey, but its Vegas! The food selection is extremely good for a hotel of this size, too!
Located in the heart of Vegas, the hotel is nice and access to shopping stores within the resort makes it very convenient. The downside is that parking lot is far from the hotel. If you don't mind walking a distance, this is great place to rest and have fun. As for the slot machines, I find that other casinos have more variety.
***Had a blast for a birthday party and got a free room upgrade***. . Booked the room on lastminute.com and got a room with 2 queens for $100. Check in was at three and I asked for an upgrade because it was my birthday and they said yes:). We were on the the 16th floor and we ended up in a Cleopatra room, it was complete with a TV room, king bed and a huge bathroom. The bathroom was the best part and had a walk-in shower and jacuzzi tub,plus it overlooked the pool and the view of the strip was amazing. . . The only bad part was the walk from the parking garage to the lobby. It is the LONGEST walk ever, especially with luggage. After we got to the lobby we realized the valet parking would have been our best option since it was right in front of the lobby. So valet!. . Oh and you have to pay for WI-FI....LAME!
Normally I wouldn't a fan of tacky Planet Hollywood themed anything, but I was surprised how nice some of therooms and the upgrades around the hotel in general are! . . The larger suites are really big and the theme is fun and not TOO tacky :)
Paid $112/night out the door for 02/08-02/10. This is a great King bedroom for that price. I don't think I would pay for then $130/night. The room is spacious and the bathroom is pretty big. I wouldn't say this place needs a renovation but it does need a restoration. The furniture is getting a bit old and needs to be replaced but it's really nice.
This place has dancers all over the casino floor, hot girls, not gonna lie. Unfortunately this place has very little blackjack, gets really loud (moreso than usual compared to other casinos).  But if you are into the club atmosphere on the casino floor then this is the place for you. This connects to the Hilton hotel as well.
I'm a big fan of Planet Hollywood! It's probably my go to place to book a room. I'm absolutely in love with their tower Elara which has spacious suites! I've stayed in a one bedroom suite and a two bedroom suite, both amazing, spacious, comfortable, modern and most importantly affordable!! The living areas and kitchens are just awesome added bonuses. I've also stayed in Planet Hollywoods standard rooms. Their two queen size bedroom is perfect for a group of 4-5 feeling still spacious and comfortable!. . Planet Hollywood has a miracle mile filled with lots of shops, Fat Tuesday (a must have when your in Vegas), and an Earl of Sandwich opened 24/7! What more can you ask for?. . Best part of Planet Hollywood is LOCATION! It's right across the street from the Cosmopolitan, and walking distance to Paris and other great hotel and casinos. . . Looking to book a big trip? Split a room in their suites and I guarantee you won't be sorry!
Love this place- by far my favorite casino on the strip. Middle of everything. Great shops.
We came here to shop, eat, and catch a show.  We loved the layout of their shopping area and the show we caught was called the Variety Show. Damn good if you ask me! My review is based on everything we exp outside of staying at the hotel itself. Would love to stay here sometime to see how the rest of the casino is like.
Location wise, you can't do better: it's a 10 minute bridge-walk away from the Cosmopolitan, and the freaking Earl of Sandwhich is here. That right there makes it worth staying at: wake up hungover, get some Earl of Sandwhich. Finished clubbing for the night? Earl of Sandwhich. Also, the $20-tip at check-in worked wonders for me last time I was here, so I'm giving it a fourth star for that.. . But every time I gamble here, I get fleeced. Never again, PH. Never again.
Hip casino with great music.  I could hang out in the Heart Bar for hours playing poker and taking advantage of free drinks.   And don't forget to check out the Mandara spa.   I treated myself to an 80 minute swedish massage - WORTH IT.   The mani and classic pedi were good but a bit overpriced but the service was great and the facilities excellent.
The rooms aren't that impressive, but I love staying at this casino.. . It's right in the heart of the Strip, across the street from Bellagio, and next to Paris.  The Miracle Mile Mall is attached/behind the hotel, which provides some easy and convenient shopping.  There is a Sephora right next to entrance/exit of the casino, which is awesome and convenient since I forgot some of my lipsticks at home. There are also TWO Starbucks in the casino. One in the lobby, and one on the casino floor.. . There are also some great food options in here, including The Strip House, P.F. Chang's, Earl of Sandwich, and Gordon Ramsey's BurGR.  . . At 8 pm or so, the pleasure pit area of the casino floor really heats up and turns into a mini-club. Tons of gogo dancers come out, and dance behind the blackjack tables in the boss's pits. A DJ also plays the latest Top 40 hits, so you're singing and dancing along, and if you were losing steam at all before, the vibe wakes you up!. . Really enjoyed staying at Planet Hollywood, and can't to visit again when I go back!
As a "Total Rewards" person, the wife and I get offers from all of the Harrah's casinos and we have come to enjoy this one probably the most. It's centrally located in the heart of the strip and has numerous slots and table games. Nice shopping close by, (for her, not so much me), good food and drinks are available in the Miracle Mile shopping area as well.. . The crowd in general is a bit young for us, (not that I mind, it just makes us realize that we are getting old!!!). The biggest complaint we have is the parking access and availability sux!!! You really need to valet but there have been rare occasions when either us (or friends) staying at the hotel have found that the valet is full and service is unavailable.
I love this hotel, the location is convenient , there's a shopping mall in the hotel so if your not a gambler you can shop.  There's a large selection of eateries especially earl's sandwich which is 24/7 and inexpensive. We tried BURGR that was great too!  . The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the room, we got a room with two beds which made the room look a little larger than if you had a king size, the bathroom had a extra large tub but too bad it wasn't a jacuzzi , the walk in shower door was backwards or designed wrong because after you showered you have to open the door and reach behind the door for you towel and wellll...the cold air would rush in, at least put a towel hook on the wall so you could just reach for your towel more quickly.oh the the kicker was as I type this review on the sitting chair near the window the air vent next to me is filthy dirty with dust bunnies, you would think they could vacuum the vents once in a while.
It is a pretty nice hotel & casino. They have a variety of places inside the hotel such as the Miracle mile mall, Starbucks, Sephora, and decent restaurants nearby. Its close to Bellagio and some of the new new hotels (Cosmopolitan, Aria and Vdara).  I enjoyed staying here because of the location.
This hotel doesn't get as much hype as it should. The casino is always clean, and the bars are nice. It's on my rotation everytime I visit.
Planet Hollywood is another good spot in vegas. Their shopping is probably some of the best being that they just finished the huge remodel to change over from Aladin a few years ago. Their casino is a lot of fun with the girls dressed the best in vegas in my opinion. They have very reasonable minimums throughout the day especially early on, and I had a pretty good time in their poker room.
I didn't stay at the hotel but I walked through the Mall, Casino and attended an event Koi. However I will say the shopping forum was really cool and the casino is really hip. . . I like the way the made look more like a hip hang out and the view from the upper level looking over the casino floor is super cool!
Finishing a 3-night stay here this week. Easy check-in and check-out. We stayed in a room with a view of the strip. Didn't cost but a few bucks more than the cheapest room, worth it as the view is mesmerizing. You pay that extra $25/day whatever it's called, it gives wifi for one device per day and use of the hotel fitness center, so take advantage.  We self-parked at the back of the hotel/Miracle Mile Shops. You walk quite a ways to the check-in desk so be prepared. You can do valet but honestly that seems crazy busy, but it is free minus your tip. . . Room lacks a frig and micro, more expensive rooms probably have them? Tub is a nice touch, bathroom large but don't expect bright lights in the room or bath;  that's reserved for the Strip, seriously. . . Room is clean, but could be cleaner, lots of what seems like sloppy surface cleaning. Paid about $100/night including that aforementioned $25 fee. For the price, Planet Hollywood is just fine.
Fairly nice hotel!!
I haven't stayed here so cannot comment on the rooms. However the gaming floor is one of the most fun places on the strip. They cater to a crowd that is there to have a good time, playing music, affordable drinks for Vegas, and dealers with a sense of humor. We have been coming to Vegas for 10+ years and this is always a place we hit up for some fun on the tables. Btw, the ABC mart also sells booze if you want to pre party in the room.
stayed here for 2 nights/3days... . short a star?---well check-in was a bit of a hassle. I understand there are policies and such that employees go by, but c'mon make people lives easier... Check-in is at 3pm...we arrive earlier than that. The agent was telling us that "our room was READY" but we can't go in yet until 3pm or PAY $30.--but our room was ready. Then he offers us to upgrade our room and avoid the early check-in to a $20/night (=$40 total) becuase the new upgrade room has a "cool vanity".. . sounds much of a rip off. So we can't check-in early even though our room was ready BUT if we upgrade and pay morewe can NOW check-in?. . other than that crappy rip-off event, our room was nice. It had a huge tub in the middle of the bathroom. Bed was comfy.--room was simple.. . The main reason i chose to stay here was because it was connected to the miracle shops. It was also located near a Walgreens and ABC store. Oh and of course Earl's Sandwich!. . I play Blackjack and noticed the min. is $15 on most nights..get lucky and find a $10.
Admittedly hubby and I stayed here because of a great comp deal (guess my previous Vegas donations paid off a little!).. . Location was the best thing about this hotel. Mid strip right by a bus stop and next to Walgreens. Win! We upgraded for the better strip view. So we got a higher floor and view of the Bellagio Fountains and no $20 sandwich was needed for the upgrade offers (we initially got an offer for a suite but cheaped out). It's a small enough hotel that you can get to most spots in it very fast w/o getting lost. It has proximity to Walgreen's, you can get in/out in 15 minutes on a good day.. . There's no resort fee so fitness center, internet use, etc. will cost you more. Thankfully my room had great phone reception so I didn't need to use it.. . Room itself was adequate. It was clean and the carpet has seen a vacuum this century. Enough so that I didn't freak at working out in the comfort of my hotel room. We only had housekeeping clean our room for one day, and they did a decent job. Of course, we left a $5 tip since that was the only day they cleaned our rooms maybe they take a little extra care when you do so? Bathroom was okay, although I'm bummed we were too tired to take advantage of the tub. It's pretty big and looks like it's comfy. There was no cigarette smell on our floor or in the room which was appreciated.. . Our room was themed after "Hot Shots" so I made a few Winning! jokes the whole weekend which annoyed my husband :). The bed was "eh" and I didn't realize it until I got home to my own bed. The mattress is okay but if you put any weight on it at the foot of the bed, it flew up into the air.. . The have an inroom safe which I took full advantage of it's big enough to store a laptop and a few other items.  If you're staying here, sign up for the Total Rewards program. It knocks a few bucks off the 24 hour buffet coupon which works at their decent buffet and several others. You also get a few bucks knocked off at other regular restaurants.. . We checked out Loberace (Cee Lo Green's show) while there and it was nice to not have to look for the theater on the bowels of the hotel way off the beaten path (as you would at most hotels in Las Vegas). . . We'll probably stay there again.
It's really sad how this hotelhas a fairly low average rating.  The room we stayed at was very nice and cleaned properly.  Each room has a theme and has items that came from the actual movie.  Ours was from the movie, Titanic.  The price that we paid is a fair price for the rooms.  I also love that the hotels in Las Vegas have free parking.  Unlike all the hotels in California.  Some will charge up to $21 a night!  So we definitely appreciated the free parking spaces.. . Don't bother letting valet park your car or bring your car around because we made that mistake.  They took so long and expected to be tipped heavily.  Park it yourselves you lazy butts and use that money to gamble and loose or to buy booze :P. We don't mind staying here again.
Stayed here April 16-19 with my husband. Had a basic room. No issues. Check in was slow but not as bad as I had expected. Drinks at the pool are very expensive. It was not hard to get drinks from the servers when you are playing the slots or one of the tables. Will definitely stay there again.
Recently decided to skip town for a mini-vacation in Vegas. We found a good price online for Planet Hollywood so we went for it.. . PROS:. 1) Location is fantastic; close walking distance to Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan.. 2) For whatever reason we got upgraded to a junior suite which was a nice surprise. The room was very well appointed, it had some memorabilia from Dr. Zhivago (including a white dress that was displayed in a glass case. When we walked in the room it scared the crap out of us, because it looked like a ghost!). The bathroom was huge with his and hers sinks and separate shower/tub.. . 3) The attached mall is good for killing some time. Grab a 180 Octane drink at Fat Tuesday's, go browse the shops, then go to Earl of Sandwich to get some food to lessen your buzz.. 4) The casino was a lot of fun even for us non-gamblers. 5) Service was actually very friendly.. . CONS. 1) The two pools were a major letdown. They're just too small and it just felt like we were too close to all the drunken fools that were hanging out there.. 2) It seems the amount of smokers here was larger than the average Vegas casino. It really smelled like smoke in the hallways. . Considering the price we paid (hello, a junior suite for $40 on Sunday night!), we were very happy with the choice. BTW I didn't realize that fridges were a standard offering in Vegas Strip hotels. If you want a fridge stay at La Quinta
Great casino and sportsbook, also has a very nice mall.
I almost didn't recognize this Planet Hollywood, considering they changed their traditional Planet Hollywood design into a PH inside a circle. The casino itself is a very happening place (with fumes of cigarettes here and there) and at night, there are these girls in skimpy pink lingerie that dances on the tables. Slot machines are new. And the Miracle Miles shops? Awesome. Restaurants are also upstairs if you're hungry.
Just got back from Vegas and after over many years trying most of the Hotel/Casino's on the strip, a few years ago we decided Planet Hollywood was the best.  When we first started staying there it was Aladdin, so we have been customers for many years and have always had a wonderful experience.  The hotel is in the middle of the strip so it is very convenient to walk all of the strip (which we do) and come back by PH to have a small rest if needed.  The rooms are  spacious as are the bathrooms, and have always had no problems with them being perfectly clean.. . NOW THE PROBLEMS...we go twice a year and the past few times there have been two BIG aggravations.  First if you happen to get there  before 3:00 and some planes do get your there early, you have to either pay to check in early or walk around and kill time until 3:00, which means you have to pay more to check your bags.  Of course then when it gets to  3:00 the line to check in is very long.  Which it wasn't when we got there.   We used to get there  around 1:00 p.m. way after check out time which is 11:00 and were able to check in our room right then.. . Also, you now have to pay $22.00 a day per person for the "resort fee" even though many of us do not use it, we ended up paying $40.00 something a day for NOTHING!!!   I can see if they want to charge someone to use their extra facilities, then take their credit card number or or have them use their room card to use these different and charge them if they use them.  Don't push this charge on everyone if we are not going to use them.  I think that is very much a rip off.  . . We love Planet Hollywood and are very disappointed in these new rules.  There are many places on the strip to stay....maybe they shouldn't be pushing their luck.
PH is a great place to stay especially for young professionals looking to party. It's centrally located on the Strip, has all the modern decor / bells and whistles, and a younger crowd. There's go-go dancers all over the casino floor and good looking ladies as your dealers in table games to up the vibe too as well! Nothing like a little eye candy while making (or losing) monies. . . The good:. - Central location. - Miracle Mile has lots of shopping opportunities. - Earl of Sandwiches is right downstairs. - Excellent decor / modern ambience. - Big selection of slot machines and table games. - Soft poker games full of fish. - Great looking ladies as dealers and go-go dancers. . The bad:. - Their nightclub leaves a lot to be desired...go to XS / Marquee for a much better time . - No all you can eat buffet restaurant that I was able to easily find. - Rooms are on the smaller to average side..don't expect to get pampered...more of a room for you to crash. - The price point for Vegas is not pricey, but it's not cheap. Without comps / discount deal this place is slightly overpriced for what you can especially in terms of amenities. . This place is a great place to stay for first timers or yuppies to Vegas looking to gamble, drink and party but if you are looking for value in your amenities look elsewhere!
This is my go-to "budget" hotel in Vegas.  I adore the casino... so girly.  It's connected to The Miracle Mile shops with tons of shopping and a beer/wine/liquor store that is priced fair.  It's in a great location on the strip.  And most importantly, the rooms are nice and clean.  We stayed here the first night of my bachelorette party before everyone arriving and getting a suite at Vdara and had much better service at Planet Hollywood.  Pool was nicer at Planet Hollywood as well!
- Reasonably priced eateries and shopping.  . - Central location on the Strip.. - Haven for NYE (New Year's Eve) to get in from the cold for a little.
Overall, a nice, affordable hotel on the Strip with a good location and lots to do!. . PRO's:. + Central location on the Strip. + Surrounded by Miracle Mile (= many options for eateries and shopping for entertainment). + EARL OF SANDWICH.. + Pretty clean rooms (which are supposedly movie "themed"). + LARGE tub; good for bubble baths and lounging. + Reasonably priced for the quality!. . CON's:. - Parking lot is SO FAR from the hotel rooms/casino (you have to walk a full half circle through the mile-long mall to get to it). - The full-length mirror in the room didn't have adequate lighting so I couldn't use it to put on makeup (haha).. - They charged us $28 for early check in :P
My recent experience at Planet Hollywood was nothing short of amazing. It was affordable, spacious and just what my roommates and I needed for a midweek vacation. . . We were shopping around for an affordable spot that would also be on the strip. In our plans, we had figured we would use what money we saved from living at a more affordable location on the delicious food, shows and... well, liquor. . . What's hot about the place? Even if you decide to just stay in at Planet Hollywood there is a ton of stuff to do. Earl of Sandwich, the casino, lots and lots of other cool shopping spots. It's also very close to Paris and the other big named locations. And most definitely a great price. Within the rooms, the blinds are amazing -- you could wake up and not know the sun was out. The brilliance of Vegas hotel interior designs, I suppose. . . What's not? It's quite minimal. We had to venture out to the Wynn and Cosmo for some fancier stuff. You get what you pay for. . . Skinny: If you're looking for an affordable place for a midweek getaway to Vegas, pick Planet Hollywood.
PH building organization of its checkin and its parking is a phenomenal problem. I believe they purposely required you after parking to walk through the entire miracle mile of shops just to check in so you would shop. The benefits of staying here are that it's cheaper than many of the mid strip hotels, close to Marquee for day or night club (walk across the bridge), day pool is nothing fancy but has a party section and a 2nd pool for a quieter relaxing atmosphere, and of course the shopping. You can find a ton of stores and of course a Fat Tuesdays. Many people already have in their itinerary to get a drink and stroll through the miracle mile or Forum shops, so by staying at PH, you already have consolidated one part of your trip.  Overall, it's a great place for a central location that won't break the budget as compared to other hotels. There's also the spice market buffet downstairs which we appreciated, but it wasn't remarkably unique besides the bottomless wine, beer, or champagne. There are a lot of groupons that came up in the past month for the Koi lounge and the buffet here at PH so you could look into those offers. The rooms are rather simple and have movie memorabilia in frames. We asked for an upgrade with 20 dollars and were put up on the north tower on the top floor, with a view of the strip. The bathroom was larger with two vanities and did the trick for our group. Overall, nothing fancy, but we mainly paid for the central location and we all had a good time! :)
One of my favorite hotels to stay at on the Strip. It has many pluses... Not the least of which is it's location & proximity to other hotels, sights & shopping centers in the area. The Cosmopolitan is across the street, Paris is next door & Caesar's is not too far a walk... City Center is just behind Cosmopolitan. I like staying there cause it's about a 10 min drive to the airport. It's just a quick shoot down Harmon then a right on Paradise and you're at McCarran. I like the fact that the Miracle Mile Shops are located at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino. I LOVE the fact that they have an Earl of Sandwich on the property. It's my favorite sandwich in all of Vegas and many that I know have the same sentiments. I like gambling at the Pleasure Pit, although a bit distracting, with their beautiful dealers. It's kinda like gambling at a nightclub but there's no dress code.. . I like staying at PH because it's a young casino resort.... You don't have snobby rich folks staying there. And believe me, my friends & I have stayed in some of the best... and less than best hotels in Las Vegas. It's a young adult crowd and I like that. Staff at PH have always been super cool from the front desk, housekeeping, valet & the ladies of the aforementioned Pleasure Pit.. . The rooms are pretty standard.... They have modern amenities. Being that it is a Planet Hollywood hotel, the rooms usually are adorned with some sort of movie memorabilia whether it's something from Batman, Terminator or some other theatrical release. It makes for a nice touch and ties everything together.... People forget this was the old Aladdin Hotel and for a while some elements like the carpet stayed the same but it's unmistakably PH now. The beds are comfortable, the linen is soft, the showers are modern & nice, the doors & cabinets have a dark modern finish... a small desk to write and make phone calls on are in the room and of course a small couch and ottoman are provided.. . Valet is fairly quick with retrieving your car & super friendly but can fill to capacity towards the later hours. Usually not a problem for hotel guests but it can be an issues for others. I've never had to self-park at PH so I have no idea where or how far the walk is. . . Minus one star because the expansive pool deck could be so much better. I know it's not on the ground floor so it cannot be crazy like other hotels but there is just so much deck space and 2 small pools at the either end. They could have a party pool on one end and a resort pool on the other and still have enough room for the many deck chairs they have... To me it's such a waste. There is so much potential there, in my opinion.
On my last visit to Las Vegas, PH was having a special on rooms for the weekdays. I usually don't stay on the Strip. I am more of a Fremont St. girl.  The crowd is more my type and its cheaper normally to be honest.  I booked a stay for two of my five nights there.  It was a bargain.  Under $100 with taxes for the total for both nights.. . Once I checked in, I walked up to my room after finding it (this place is huge).  I was given the Die Hard/Bruce Willis room and I loved the motif.  I am a huge Bruce Willis fan - how did they know?! . . The front desk was friendly and housekeeping staff did a great job tidying up the room while I was gone.. . The bathroom was huge and I loved having a bathtub and a shower, not to mention a private toilet room.  Double beds - one for me and one for my stuff.  . . The view was amazing, especially when it came to sunrises.  The photos I got when it came up over the mountains were breathtaking.. . I would definitely recommend this hotel/casino to anyone coming into the Vegas area.  *note: Planet Hollywood has its own Starbucks right down stairs.*
Stayed here for work as we had a conference here. For starters, PH is very conveniently located. Finding the place if you're driving can be a pain, however - it took my boss 45 minutes just trying to figure out where to drive in for the lobby!. . The lobby itself is not much to speak about -- hardly any place to sit, unless you think three very small benches is adequate. The check in staff were pleasant enough. Curbside staff were helpful. . . Room-wise, it is pretty dark. Unless you are staying in one of the suites -- we did have a party in one of those which had a fantastic view. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/planet-hollywood-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?select=QWK7FTtIHE2fSJWdJuTJ0A#QWK7FTtIHE2fSJWdJuTJ0A The pillows are uncomfortably high. If you don't like firm pillows, you should bring your own, or roll up some towels. There is a small coffee maker, no fridge, I had to call up a hairdryer, but overall apart from the loud revelers who thought yelling at 3:00 am is acceptable right outside someone's room, it was a quiet room on the 12th floor. . . Conference facilities are on the mezzanine level where the Chapel is. Lots of weddings going on while I was there. In general, the conference food was good. It is expensive though! I suppose that's the case with most hotels on The Strip. For instance, I had to order wine & cheese for a workshop I was putting on. Get this, a baked brie for 25 people runs about $225.00, not including tax & gratuity. Ouch. . . WiFi is not free -- I believe it is $15 a day per device? Didn't bother checking out the gym, also heard that is not free. Nothing is! . . Despite the downside, I liked it. I had stayed at Bally's before which was a bit of a blah experience for me. This was the opposite. Loved the crystal lighting throughout. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/planet-hollywood-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?select=dWu2esICZ8ToW3geJ6kXsA#dWu2esICZ8ToW3geJ6kXsA. . You do have the convenience of the Miracle Mile shops which is nice - don't even have to set food outside! There is also a PF Chang's in the casino area and a Starbucks. The Miss America pageant was going on while I was there which made for an interesting scene! (The guys really liked seeing them for the swimsuit photo shoot at the pool.)
Beautiful place to hang out. There is a lounge upstairs called Koi & they serve unlimited drinks & free admission with a very cool Groupon offer. the Groupon also offers free admission to two other clubs affiliated with Koi. The color of Planet Hollywood is purple and all kinds of pinks, so pretty. They have a bar down stairs that has kareoke & for singing you get a free shot. I'm not a big fan of the Spice Market Buffet they have but its decent. Planet Hollywood also has shows that goes on over there that I have yet to check out.  Ya, every time I got to Vegas, I would love to stop by Planet Hollywood, love the colors & decor & of course Koi Lounge for free drinks. (As long as I have the Groupon.) :)
Thanks for the $500.
Room is much bigger and cleaner than the Elara and less money. The Elara is a dump stay at PH instead
Hey guys,. . I just stayed 2 nights at Planet Hollywood in early June 2013. We stayed in one of the Hollywood Hip room. The room is very spacious. It was very tidy and clean also.. . As for the bathroom, there's a tub in the middle of it. The only thing I don't like about the bathroom is the fact that they use water saving shower head. I want my water to be on full blast. And beside there's a tub in the bathroom that consumes more water than the shower itself. . . Another thing I didn't like about this hotel is that you have to walk really far from the parking garage to the lobby. You have to walk half the length of the mall to get one of those elevators to go up to your room.. . If you guys are planning on staying in one of the Hollywood Hip room and wants to see how the room looks like. I have recorded a full room tour in HD here's the link or just type "Planet Hollywood Room Tour - Las Vegas - Hollywood Hip Room". . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVmi2XFxsSg
I enjoyed our stay at PH, The room was not the best ut not the worst, staff was friendly espeically the housekeeping! casino was super cute dancer on tables and what i just loved was the GORDON RAMSEY Brger place! Will possibly come back = ]
3 years later and I came back to the same hotel. This time with my husband and toddler. We opted for the mountain resort room due to the space I knew we would need.. . We drove from Houston and I knew we'd have a ton of stuff to haul with us. We were there to get married. Loaded up our truck and on are way we went.. . I was peeved that there early check in policy had changed. When we came back in 2010 we could check in early with  no penalty. This time, we had to pay $15 to check in between 12-4. We had checked out of our previous hotel and decided to make our way to PH.. . Not much had changed since my last visit. Our room was AMAZING. No strip view, but I wasn't there for the view from my room. It had plenty of room and the bathroom was out of this world. The double sinks and bigger separate shower were divine. This space came in handy for the day I had to get ready for my wedding. I highly recommend this type of room for people, like me, that need the space.. . All in all it was another great stay at PH. Looking forward to my next trip.
our room was awesome! we were in the west tower 35th floor awesome view of the Bellagio fountains! no fridge in the room but somehow after we left tip the 2nd day for the cleaning ladies they brought one  lol ! maybe was just a coincidence. we didn't use it anyway! . the pool is nice! but beware you have to rent the chairs $50/day and cabins $150/day!!!! ridiculous!!! i couldn't take the heat there past 2 pm so i don't think there is a reason to ever rent one! . i've had great times @PH and most likely will be coming back !
So I went to Vegas with classmates and family for multiple celebrations and I truly enjoyed Planet Hollywood. To begin, the staff was excellent from the beginning to the end of our stay. The rooms are nice with comfortable beds, but aren't as modern and technologically advanced as hotels such as The Cosmopolitan. I did get a room with the strip view which was awesome at night time. The location is excellent as you're in the center of the strip and have many dining options (cheaper) downstairs in The Miracle Mile Mall. Parking is valet and complimentary, but it does take about 10-15 minutes for your car to be brought out to the front. Also our flight was scheduled to leave at 6:00 pm on checkout day and you are able to leave your bags with the bell stand and it's complimentary. The crowd of this hotel is younger than other hotels, so it's a great place if you're young and ready to party!
Great location on the strip. Nice selection of restaurants and I love the miracle mile shops that connects to it.
I didn't actually stay overnight in the hotel, but did frequent my friends' room during my stay in vegas quite a bit. The room was spacious and very clean, and I'm a bit a fan of their dark furniture (dark wooden cabinets.. ahh). Hey, and PH did my wallet good ;)
We chose PH for our Vegas hotel because of the location right there center strip, in the middle of all the action. For that location, it's the best quality hotel for the price. The attached mall was great too, could spend a whole day in there without even seeing sunlight (which we did!).
Nice casino.  A lot like the others, rich looking and take your money fast!  I liked the girl pedestal dancers for obvious reasons!  This was the closest casino to where i was staying so i was here often.
We didn't stay here, just casino hopped. . . We really LOVED earls sandwich place in this hotel. It was legit one of the best sandwiches I have EVER had.  I loved it.. . The casino was bright and colorful, very full of life and a lot to do and see. I do think this is one of the smaller less popular casinos, however is in a pretty central location that you almost have to walk through it to get to the other side of the strip... Its pretty cool!
PH doesn't have the nicest rooms but they are much better than places like Circus circus and the Quad. . . What PH lacks in, it makes up for in their casino. The casino here is one of the better casinos on the strip. You wouldn't expect that you're at a mid-tier casino when walking in. I've been to Bellagio and Wynn's casinos and PH is not that far below in terms of look/feel/fun.
Came here during EDC Weekend. Nothing much I can rate on.. VERY Cheap if you get rooms with a group of friends.. Pro: Earls Sandwitch is down stairs. Fat  Tuesday near by. Cheap Casino. . Cons: You cant help by order it almost everyday until youre over it. . Service: We checked out and I realized I forgot to check the closet if I left anything in there. Front Desk called security for me and of course security being a lazyfuck didnt want to go check lost and found for me. I kindly said" I'm not sure if I left something would you be able to check if the housekeepers have found or logged any findings" He continued to ask what did i specifically lose and he doesnt know what to look for if I dont know. USELESS ASS. Front desk lady was kind enough to try to handle it her self and told me she'll make sure someone will call me tomorrow and get everything situated with me. If something was to be found they'll ship it. I'm glad at least the employees care about their customers.. . Besides the security I'll for sure come back!
Great Casino & Hotel. Perfect for a High School Reunion!. Just came back from my high school reunion.  The party was great.  The rooms were nice and the staff very friendly and helpful.  I would recommend and stay at Planet Hollywood in the future.
Greatest pro of this hotel is LOCATION. PH is located in the heart of the strip, right across from Cosmo and walking distance to Caesars and Bellagio. . . Rooms are decently sized and our view from the room was great. I was facing Cosmo and the strip so there were a of lights. Prices are pretty cheap compared to Aria and Cosmo so I would definitely consider staying here next time again. . . Tips. . * Early check in fee of $16 or check in after 3pm . * Only parking lot is the one next to Miracle Mile so you have to park in the lot and walk through Miracle Mile to the hotel. Otherwise you have to valet your car.
Got back from my babymoon last night with my boyfriend and our stay at Planet Hollywood was awesome!. . Pros: . -Clean room. -There is a tub in our bathroom! (Didn't expect that because we just got a standard room but HEY, we won't complain!). -The staff was very nice & helpful. . Cons:. -The self parking garage is literally in the Miracle Mile Mall and its one hell of a walk to and from there. . -They charged us a $28 early check in fee on a Tuesday morning. Everyone else on Yelp said it was only $16?! Did we get ripped off?!. . So prior to booking our actual stay at Planet Hollywood, my boyfriend and I initially only wanted to go to Vegas to do the Buffet of Buffets deal. We saw that PlanetHollywood had a package deal that included the room plus 2 BoB passes! SCORE! He booked the hotel and was charged $215 but at check out he had to pay an addition $72?! Wow.. That's a total of $287 for two nights and 2 24hr BoB passes.. Each pass was $49 so the room itself was about $94 (including that ridiculous $20 resort fee, boo). . . Don't get me wrong, this was a great hotel. Better than Luxor ill tell you that's for sure! But man their early check in fee plus those resort fees will put a hole in ur wallet lol. It was worth it though because of the hotels location! I would def stay here again, but not do the BoB deal to save some money :)
Second time staying here.  Got a nice room with a view of the Strip (Venetian/Palazzo right across the street).  Came here for work, so didn't get to go to the pool.  Casino dealers are mostly friendly, decent food selection, smoke is not overwhelmingly bad.. . The highlight this time re: the room was the bathroom.  Two different entrances, a sink outside the main area of the bathroom, and another sink inside, along with both a shower and a tub, and a TV.   Glass didn't fog up so was able to watch TV while showering; that was pretty awesome.
I'vestayed here the past several times I've been to Vegas. . . It's in a great location.. The rooms are way cheaper than nearby properties (Cosmo/Aria/etc.).. The blackjack tables are always available.. The dealers, depending on where you sit, can be really nice to talk to or really nice to look at. Some are even both.. It's a really fast trip back and forth from the airport because drivers can totally skip the strip if they want to.. It's part of Total Rewards which as far as I can tell is the best rewards program.. . The only thing I really don't like is the resort fee and having to pay for internet if you don't have a high status with Total Rewards (me).
Planet Hollywood has lots of good things going for it.. . LOCATION:. The location does not get any better. PH is at ground zero on the Vegas Strip. You are directly across the street from the Cosmo and Aria and the Bellagio is one block over. You can walk to all of the cool stuff on the strip including the stores and bars in between casinos. That said, expect a ton of people. Having a great location means that everyone wants to be there, so it will be crowded.. . HOTEL:. The PH hotel itself gets very crowded, especially on the weekends. It is way more packed than the Hard Rock. This is not necessarily a bad thing, depending on what you are looking for, but it will slow you down when you have to wait in line for anything (check in, buffet, shows, etc.). . . CASINO:. At night they have hot women dancing on the card tables. It is awesome. They are also fairly quick to bring you the "free" booze of your choice while you are gambling. The nightclub in the Planet Hollywood is okay. I suggest skipping it and heading over to the Wynn to check out XS or the one at the Cosmo (I don't remember what it's called). . . ROOMS:. The rooms are nice and comfy and cheap. Each has a different theme. Mine was for the movie and TV show The Fugitive. My friend's room had a mafia theme and they had a bunch of gangster stuff framed in the walls and tables. The TV's are large and the bathroom is huge and has a jacuzzi, a stand up shower and a private toilet with its own door. Very nice and big enough for several people to do what they gotta do at the same time.. . POOL:. They have two relatively small pools on the 6th floor. One is Pleasure and that is the only one that matters. It is the adult pool complete with DJ everyday and cocktail service. You cannot go there without renting a day bed ($35) or a cabana ($250+) unless you are okay with just throwing a towel on the concrete and camping out on the ground. Pleasure fills up quickly on most days, so go early if you want a bed. It's worth the money because then you have somewhere dry to keep you bucket of beer, phone, wallet and whatever else you need out there.The other pool has free lounge chairs, but it's meant for families with kids and that's the only kind of people over there. It''s quiet and boring and I don't know about bar service. . . EXTRA STUFF:. Definitely go walk around the Miracle Mall Shops, which wraps around the casino. They have a bunch of cool stuff, but most of it is expensive. There is a liquor store that has everything you may need as far as booze and souvenirs, but you may want to walk out the front door of the hotel and make a left and then walk over to the Walgreens to pick up a cooler for your room. It's much cheaper to buy beer or cocktails from the store and drink as much as possible in your room before going out.. . Finally - don't miss a chance to eat, drink and ride the bull at the PBR Bar in the Miracle Shops area right outside of YOLOS. If you ride the bull, buy the picture they take of you on it, because it makes a great thing to take home.
PH is a great place to stay/play... miracle mile has a ton of good shops and heart bar is my favorite bar in the joint :). . I had fun playing the slots even though I'm not even a big slot player... I seriously never win haha but I did have fun :). . The staff is pretty courteous considering all the out of it people they have to put up with
We arrived on a Friday around 1:30pm. Valet staff were nice & assisted us quickly. There was a line to check in, but we probably only waited for about 15-20 mins. . . We booked a Hollywood Hip King room but got an upgrade to a bigger room with a view of the strip! & the early check in fee was waived :) . . The only minor issue we had was with the toilet that didn't flush sometimes.. Lol. Other than that, I loved the room & the convenience of the hotel's location!
We spent in Vegas 5 days and our whole stay was @ Planet Hollywood. The rooms are amazing, we had a great view on the Bellagio fountains. All the staff is nice and polite. They have a great Spice Market buffet inside, it was the best buffet Ive ever been to. On Saturdays there's a Bikini contest at the pool with lots of ppl and its fun to watch. Theres the total of 2 pools, one is only for 21+. The only thing I personally didn't like about them is that there r sofas outside next to the regular chairs anf of course a lot of ppl would prefer that. After laying there for an hour some girl came to us and said we have to pay 50$ for the sofa for the whole day so we just left since it was almost evening. And there were a lot of ppl like us. There were NO signs saying that they r not complimentary plus they come check on that like once in 2 hours, so as soon as one person leaves from that sofa, another one comes there at the same time. SO anyway its not that important. Our stay there was really nice, clean room every day, comfy bed, lots of stuff to do. Plus the location is really great , walking distance to almost everything, if u like shopping they also have a huge mall inside plus don't forget to check out the Rainstorm inside it - a rain inside the building looks great.. If u have tickets for the V theater make sure u r coming earlier. We has a coupon and came an hour before the beginning. We spent 40 min in 3 lines... and after that they told us we have to pay 50+ extra $ since they run out of regular seats.
The rooms here were all right, there's no mini fridge to keep stuff cold, so me and my friends made the bath tub our "cooler" by filling it up with a shit ton of ice. It wasn't too much of a problem, because we only stayed in our room to watch the 2013 aspen x games. The rest if the room is alright nothing to fancy. Our room was decorated with stuff about Sulvestet Stalon, it was pretty weird. The casino floor however was much better, there are a lot of tables and slot machines and a bar/ lounge in the middle of the room. The miracle mall wraps around the outside of the casino and makes it convenient I'd you wanna shop, eat, or buy some cheap beer at one of the 2 ABC Stores. Overall my experience here was great.
Party like a rockstar!. . If you're looking for a luxurious, quiet, prim and proper hotel, DO NOT COME HERE! Planet Hollywood Hotel is for those who really want to party it up! I really enjoy coming to Planet especially to GAMBLE! Sometimes, I'll be gambling up to the wee hours of the morning and I need a high energy environment to keep myself going! I love how they have good music, high energy, dancers on tables, people yelling, all without being TOO trashy or dirty! . . I stayed here a couple of times and I must say, the people at the desk are really friendly depending on how you play it out.  I read previous reviews about the $20 trick for an upgrade and it TOTALLY worked! They hooked me up with a suite and it was niceeee!. . The room can use a little updating.  Even in the suites it looks like it needs a little bit of work.  But for the price and location, you really can't complain.. . The main reason why I like staying at Planet is the location! Right across from the Cosmo, Aria and Bellagio and right next to the Paris hotel. I'm within walking distances from pretty much all the good hotels on the strip so if I ever feel like eating or playing anywhere else, I can just make a quick walk across the bridge.. . I also love the fact the Planet is connected to the Miracle Mile so if there's anything that you need, you can just walk around and find it in the mall!. . It's not the greatest and latest hotel. It's not the cleanest or most luxurious. But I honestly enjoy coming to Planet. You can find me at the craps table here!!
We enjoyed a two night stay at Planet Hollywood. Check in was a short line as we arrived earlier than check in time. At the desk, the young lady that served us was Mary Jayne and she was so kind, super nice with a smile. She checked us in early for free & sent a mini fridge to our room for free without me asking for it, so we really appreciated that. She provided us with all the information that we needed for the hotel. Mary Jayne you rock!. . We get to our room and had a view of the mountains and I'm fine with that, because I'm only in the room for sleeping & showering.....lol. The room was very clean and spacious. Bathroom huge with a big soaker tub, but once again...I'm only in my room for sleep & showering! We stayed in a Hiphop room with a King bed and that was one of the most comfortable beds I ever had in a hotel and I travel a lot. PH has plenty of restaurants to choose from inside of the hotel or you can go to Miracle Mile Mall because its connected to the hotel and that's the bomb. PH, I will be back!  . . P.S.. For all of the newbies in Vegas, just about every hotel on the strip has a Resort Fee!! . GET OVER IT
Stayed here awhile back. . . +1 Mall connected tothe hotel. +1 walking distance to Cosmo and all the "new" areas. +1 clean & classy. +1 younger crowd
rooms were nice and clean, but maybe they should change out the carpet in the halls. they were rolling up all over the place!. . I really like the location! close to everything and on the strip
Access to our rooms were super easy to get to! Walked in, elevators to the right and off we went. We got the two bedroom suite. The living room area was nice. Had a very modern decor with vintage portraits hanging from the walls. Plenty of seating in the living room area. We even had an air hockey table right in the corner. That became veryuseful when we were getting ready to paint the town red. The restrooms were large. Separate shower and bath but only one sink. That didn't feel right? . . Our room had a very great view of the Bellagio fountains, Eiffel tower, that big "paris" ball, a great view of the strip. . . The only thing I didn't like was that the bed was a little to firm for me. I didn't get to sleep that well because of that.
The lobby is placed strange to me what is seemingly to the back and bottom of hotel. The rooms are smaller but decorated modern with pop culture movie and television show memorabilia. The location is very central to the rest of the strip and the casino is decent size where you probably would not lose someone all night in the event you wander away chasing that lucky machine! Great place to stay for those who enjoy lots of television when not in Las Vegas:)
This is a modern hotel casino I would return to for its excellent central strip location, decent modern/posh furnishings, clean well sized rooms, a fun moderate sized casino, pretty good cocktail service, and a decent Hollywood theme. The few hours of low limit single deck Blackjack and slots seemed to pay out a bit more than fairly.  There are Hollywood posters & memorabilia in the rooms, but aside from the modern look & occasional crystal chandelier things and the occasionally skimpy women that serve drinks, it doesn't feel a lot like Hollywood to me - Which I don't care about but is worth noting.  The hotel & casino wifi was fast enough to stream a TV show to my phone with very few hiccups.. . Only a few quirks we experienced: No wall switch controlled the only 2 lights in the bedroom, as the switches were on the lamps themselves. Calling the front desk Sunday morning at 10:30am resulted in a failed operator transfer and a 7 minute wait before we could ask for a late checkout, which we were granted.  We were not comped an upgrade for our first visit, as they claimed they couldn't because we already selected a room type, but all the staff there were very courteous. My guess is that there were a lot of events in town that weekend (Motley Crue, hockey, car show, etc).
Most reasonably priced rooms on the strip with solid amenities. Great casino with dancers above the gaming tables, bikini-clad blackjack dealers poolside, and ridiculous movie crap in each room. After two stays I had the Jurassic Park room, and the As Good As It Gets room, with a photo of Greg Kinnear and a stuffed dog hanging from the wall. It's odd, but overall a good experience. The clubs suck though, lots of hood rat nonsense.
Conveniently located in the middle of the strip.  Self-Parking is about a mile away but the hotel does offer free valet for hotel guests its just that they take a long time to bring your car around.  Gordon Ramsay's BURGR is a treat to have late night and hotel is next to shopping center.
I love hanging out at the PH when I'm in Vegas.  It's hip and not stuffy.  It's almost like playing cards while you're at the strip club.  In the evening hours they have beautiful ladies dancing above the casino tables.  They also have 3 card poker that is unique in the sense I don't often see it in other casinos.  You can basically use the dealers hand to make a 5 card poker hand.  I've gotten 4 of a kind a few times and boats.  The dealers are really nice and beautiful.. . Lost my phone in the building but found it the next day in lost and found.  A couple of hiccups retrieving it but the staff were only doing their job.  Felt fortunate to retrieve it.
Had a great stay during the month of June. Staff was very friendly the prices were reasonable and the gambling experience was good !!
Fabulous and very affordable!
The night of my birthday me and my whole family was trying to find a room at the strip with the view of the Bellagio Fountains and Bellagio had sold out rooms so we decided to check here. We parked at the garage for the Miracle Mile shops, btw don't park there valet your car instead bcuz it took us a while to find where the lobby was! Anyways the room was just a regular room but with a fountain view that was gorgeous!
Love the atmosphere. One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.
I've been here before, I'm staying here again next week.  . . I thought the rooms last time, 3 years ago I think,  were fine, we LOVED the tub and spent most of our week in it.  . . Casino was crazy loud (I'm over 50, a very young 53) but fun hey it's Vegas . . The smoke alarm went off one morning  around 3 am. Every few minutes sooooo annoying.  Called the front desk and told them...I eventually got up on the desk and pulled out the battery myself.  The week we were there they never replaced it. . . But that tub!  I love the tub.  I am hoping to get an upgrade this time for a room so I can take a bath  with a beautiful view!  How do we do that? . . I'll be there again Monday . . . I cannot wait . . Hey...it's Vegas.  It's a very nice hotel!  Central, clean, staff is nice. Although my key demagnetized three times last time... my plan is to keep it away from my phone . . I need this vacation I can't wait see you next week!!!!
Not modern but classic hotel. Havent been to other hotels but i think its pretty decent :)
My wife and I usually stay at PH when we visit Vegas.  The location is excellent with access to the entire strip within walking distance.  If you rent a vehicle, accessing the valet or parking garage is very convenient.  . . The rooms are comfortable and casino is always alive.  There are several good restaurants (Earl's and Gordon Ramsay's BurGR) and of course Starbucks has more than one location inside.  Staff is always friendly and accommodating.
Perfect location. . Sassy, sexy dealers.. . Pools are weak - very small.. . Room was a bit run down with a small window, but beds were pretty comfy. Our movie theme sucked - Shadow Conspiracy, never even heard of that. A generic button down shirt is enclosed behind glass.. . Miracle mile offers an ABC store right outside the casino, and lots of other bars, shops, etc.. . Overall a great place to stay if you want to save on hotel costs.
Nice Casino and we found the staff to be really good.  We stayed here years ago and it was good but today's review is simply for the casino section.
great tip i found by accident. book your room through www.easyclicktravel.com and you wont pay a resort fee of $20 per night.  I'm not sure if it works for other hotels as well.  the hotel is great location, great bathtub, comfy bed, good or great view of the strip depending on your room.  only downside is walls are thin. you can hear the next room so gotta keep the TV. turned up.
This is my husband's favorite hotel in Vegas and I must admit it is really nice. We upgrade to a larger, nicer suite and were amazed. The selection of retail stores at this hotel is nice also. My only complaint was that whatever detergent they used to wash their sheets and towels made me break out in hives over my body. At first I thought it was something I ate, but I noticed my face break out almost immediately after wiping my face with one of the washcloths. If we stay there again, I will inquire about hypo-allergenic detergent alternatives. Otherwise, I wont be able to stay again =/
This place rocks!!! Conveniently located right in the center of the strip, The location is perfect.  I think its the best Casino on the strip so far. The building is very imposing and It offers a lot of high end stores & eateries..dubbed the Miracle High Shopping Mall, it is attached to the hotel.  It has everything you can imagine...and carry much anything you need...It stands across the street from Bellagio Conservatory & Fountains.The hotel provides Pedicar driver to & from the Hile High daily.  . . There was a wide selections of Bars & Restaurants..On site restaurants, P.F. Chang's & the Spice Market Buffet featuring Mexican, Italian, Asian, Middle Eastern & American Cuisines...we ended up at P.F. Chang's & had the absolute perfect Chinese dinner. they have a 4 Course Prix Fixe Menu for $39.95 . Egg Drop Soup. Crab Wontons, Oolong Marinated Chilean Sea Bass,  Chang's Spicy Chicken & Red Velvet Sweet Treat.. .  It was a nice way to end the evening...Would I came back...Absolutely!!!
Came here with a 24 hour buffet pass. Overall it was a good buffet. Can't say much for the hotel or the casino as I didn't partake in that aspect of the business. The buffet had your standard selection of various food and dessert options. Everything tasted satisfactory. I would say the bonus was that the server we had was very generous and gave us two complimentary bottles of champagne when he found out it was my friends birthday.
In order for me to give more than 3 stars to a casino, it must be perfectly located, have a great casino, have some cheap tables, have at least one restaurant that I always must come to, have a great show, have great rooms, and have great shopping.  So this place delivers.  Maybe not for all of the above, but a lot of them.  The Miracle Mile shops are not visually exciting or high end like Caesars Forum or Grand Canal Shoppes, but it it large with affordable stores.  Plus, it has 2 ABC stores.  Wonderful.  Casino is fun, large but can be a little loud.  It seems to cater to the younger generation.  Valet parking is among the worst, so you may want to park your own car.  Location is good with the Cosmopolitan, Aria and Bellagio across the street and Paris next door.  Plenty of restaurants, good to expensive, but not really memorable.  They could do better with a marque show, which they really don't have.  I would like to stay here, but the prices are higher than the other casinos.  I seen their rooms and thought they were nice.  I always find myself coming back to this casino.  So will you.
Planet Hollywood is perfectly situated in the middle of the strip. Just a bridge away from Cosmo if you want to walk over to Marquee. They house Earl of Sandwich, which is the perfect quick/ inexpensive meal for the weekend. . . The hotel entrance is actually kinda confusing to find from the casino floor.. nothing is too distinctive, but yea, if you can find the big chandelier ball thing that hangs lower than the other ones.. that's where you need to go. . . I can't remember if the $20 upgrade trick worked here.. I think I might have chickened out, so maybe I didn't even try? Anyway, the room was nice enough, nothing really special. 2 Queen beds, a big enough bathroom for a bunch of girls to get ready. . . Def recommend for its location and price!
Good: Great location in the middle of the strip. Next to Paris, across from Bellagio, etc. Great shopping in the Miracle Miles to suit different budgets. Good view even if you aren't facing the strip.. . Big bathroom tub (for the kids) and standalone shower.. . Bad: Since we didn't valet, we had to drag our luggage from the parking structure thru the Miracle Mile shopping center. Not sure how other patrons do it since Ididn't see anyone else drag their luggage thru the shopping center. I know the registration lobby is in the first floor but we self-park (instead of valet-drop off) which are opposites of each other.
First time staying at The Planet last weekend. Rooms were nice but unspectacular, staff was super friendly and check-in and checkout were a breeze. They set us up with a $50 food credit, which we used at Planet Dailies. . . Since it's Planet Hollywood, there's movie memorabilia in the rooms. We had the Wayne's World room, which earned the place major brownie points in my book!. . I've always liked PH's casino, though I didn't win any money this time, sadly enough. Good prices on the rooms, I'd stay there again. It's Vegas... how much time are you spending in the room anyway?
