We Finlay made it to St Francis. My girlfriend and I came here for dinner New Years eve for dinner before heading to a party. We both went with the 3 course meal that night. She got the salad that had thinly slice grapefruit and a light but tasty vinaigrette. I choose the lobster bisque. This lobster bisque was so good except one thing, they put thinly sliced pecans in it. This is not a place for nuts. I had a few bites of it before I got the pecans and it was delicious. Once i chewed the nuts it coated my mouth and that was all I could taste for the rest of the bowl. Leave the nuts out next time it was so good!!! Course #2 She got the scallops. Freakin awsome and cooked to perfection! I have never had a scallop cook so perfect ever. Props to who ever was cooking the scallops that night! I ordered the fillet. I ordered it med rare and it was more like med+ and I took one bite and decided to keep it cause it was delicious and they were busy and didn't want to wait 15 min for another. I usually would have sent it back but the flavor was there and the veggies that came with were excellent. For the desserts she got pear dessert with ice cream. Freakin awsome. Great thing to have for cleansing the palate after all that great food. I got the Chocolate turtle dessert that was great but we took that home for later. The building is cool and for the firs timers the waiter gives you a little history about the building before ordering. Great service and great food. We will be back and cant wait to see whats on the menu next time we stop by!
10/19/10 and 01/02/11. . Took Mom w/ me for her first visit to St. Francis (and my second!) for a late lunch around 1p.  The place was packed, and as usual, very noisy.  Thought perhaps I'd finally get a chance to see how the seating was upstairs, but we were seated on the main floor.  Even though we were seated right away, it took more than 10 minutes before our server finally greeted us.. . Even though I knew what I'd order for us both, I let Mom look over the limited menu-- for once, the lengthy downtime worked to our advantage!  She almost went for the lunch combo (soup, salad, and half of the Del Real sandwich), but in the end, we ordered the two items I already had my eye on before we'd left home (love to read menus online!).  We decided to share the French onion burger and the Red wine braised beef, and both came w/ a choice of fries or red quinoa salad, so we chose one of each.  The burger was a beauty!  On a substantial and gruyere-smothered patty lay greens, smoked bacon, and crispy shoestring onions, and these were all topped w/ a gorgeous bun!  We wouldn't hesitate to order this one again!  While the fries looked very promising, they were soggy, but Mom happily ate them.  I had the Red wine braised beef sandwich and the red quinoa salad to contend w/, so I didn't bother sending the fries back.  :). . We both loved the quinoa salad-- what a pleasant surprise!  Red quinoa is very good for you-- high in fiber AND protein.  A superfood, indeed!  The key to this salad was the citrus vinaigrette.  A must-try!  The braised beef was also very, very good!  That is, when we finally tried it w/ the horseradish sauce, which somehow was overlooked while Mom and I were divvying up the entrees.  Panini-style, between two slices of their Texas toast, buttered, and gruyere cheese.  DO NOT forget the horseradish sauce, as it just makes the flavors pop in your mouth.  . ---. When I'd learned that Dennis Rowland was in the house during Sunday brunch, I couldn't wait to go to SF on a rare Sunday off work!  Again, it was a packed house, and I finally was seated upstairs.  Oh my Lord, what a horrendous place to be!  While I could hear Rowland and his band play (it's actually less noisy up there- go figure), I couldn't see them, what w/ the rafters and the ceiling fans underneath, and the cork flooring made every footstep coming and going annoyances I couldn't wait to get rid off by finally leaving!  Thank goodness the two entrees I'd ordered made up for these... hiccups.. . Liked the Iron skillet pancake (w/ dark chocolate chips and fresh raspberries), but thought the kitchen was a little light-handed on the chips-- please add more!  Also, I found the pancake was charred too much.  I thought it was bec. it was skillet-style, but I spied another table that received a perfectly un-charred one.  Really enjoyed the creme fraiche and fresh raspberries (please add more!), and the honey on the bottom of the pancake was delightful!  A great dish, really, even w/ the charred bits...  As for the house made biscuit-- well, one look at it and who could ever argue that it wouldn't taste grand??  Crazy-good fennel herb veggie gravy.  Yes, I said "crazy-good."  There's a first time for everything!  :)  . . Two very good meals which will keep St. Francis on my (long) rotation list!  (BTW, I think I heard Mom sigh when I told her where I was having brunch while she was getting ready work... I really wished I could've taken her w/ me!). . p.s.  Not only did I not get a chance to SEE Rowland and his band play, but for the majority of my stay, the band actually took a break!  No doubt they were all enjoying some of the great-looking cinnamon rolls...  Next time, I'm going to wait for a table to open on the main floor.  That cork flooring upstairs has to go!
First time at St. Francis last night. Good menu selection, had an excellent server, good portion size and excellent meal.  I tried the chicken salad for dinner and it was tasty and just then right size.  They have provided a nice atmosphere with exposed brick, stainless steel tables, and just the right amount of lighting and music.  . . Only downside was the backless seats at our booth. Very trendy, but somewhat uncomfortable. Ask for a table instead and you'll be fine. . . I'll return.
Fantastic atmosphere. Very Very friendly staff. Food presentation was spot on.. . We had drinks and a Brick Oven Flatbread (cheese) and it was delicious. I can't wait to go back and try a full entree. They had a Salmon dish on the menu I am going to try when I return. I was staring at other dishes and they looked mouth watering.
With some dissatisfaction about our usual lineup of restaurant choices, we gave St. Francis a try. Living so close to it - and wanting to check out the buzz - St. Francis was not a disappointment. The valet service and hipster scene was a tad offputting upon our arrival, but the decor and beatiful interior of St. Francis was enjoyable to dine in. Large glass windows, renovated historic brick walls, and an open kitchen gave the experience of dining in a more restaurant-known city, say San Francisco. We were seated in between Mayor Phil Gordon and his two bodyguards, so, hey, if Mayor Phil thinks something of St. Francis...My girlfriend and I both ordered the Cioppino, and, wow. It was amazing. Rich and tomatoey, herby and chock full of seafood treats, I found myself scraping the sides of the cast iron pot at the end. It was really a treat. It's nice to have some semblance of a restaurant scene in central Phoenix, and St. Francis is definitely leading the pack.
There is nothing I enjoy more than a great Sunday brunch and St Francis did not let me down. The food and atmosphere were the perfect way to start off a relaxing day.  We had to wait about 25 minutes before getting seated but it was no problem because our server brought us drinks while we sat and enjoyed the live jazz music.  . My friend and I started off by sharing a GIANT cinnamon roll topped with caramel sauce. SO GOOD. We destroyed the pastry in minutes, which left both of us wondering how we were going to eat our meals. Fortunately, we are both gluttons and were able to pull ourselves together for round 2. I had the Eggs Benedict and roasted potatoes and my friend ordered the Wood-Oven Baked Eggs. Both were delicious. . The only thing I didn't like was that the tables were very close together. At times it felt like we were dining with our neighbors. Overall I would highly recommend St Francis' brunch and I am eager to return again.
I can't stop thinking about my dessert.  Even though I was not going to write reviews until I get the cast off of my right hand, I decided to go ahead and peck at the keyboard with my left hand.  The place is very cozy with a great modern vibe.  Since they don't take reservations on Fridays (we were told that) our friends and us decided to wait by the fireplace outside. Even though it took our waiter over 20 minutes to bring us our drinks, I am not going to penalize them since I was having fun chatting.  Once we got our table we ordered a fantastic meal.  I had the Salmon with red quinoa and an extra side of sweet corn polenta.  The salmon was cooked to perfection, tender and juicy.  The red quinoa was tangy with a hint of sweetness, ummm delicious. I wanted to try my husband's Forbidden Rice dish, but when I turned to get a bite, his plate was empty.  Dessert was amazing,  I had the sticky toffee pudding (second time I've had this dessert).  I is the perfect ending to  a wonderful meal.
You my new found friend are uber popular! And, I can see why. Your restaurant is ridiculously friendly to families, girls day out and boys at the bar. I rolled in for a late day brunch with a girlfriend and was immediately seated and got to ordering right away. The menu is pretty straight forward and not real complicated. . . I was in the mood for booze, really when am I not in the mood for booze, and Francis, you saint you, you delivered this fantastic gin cooler. It was excellent and I made me think I should have a pool party and serve them to all my friends, or just sit at your bar and order another! With my booze, I needed some food and I went with the eggs benedict. Hollandaise sauce is the true test of a good eggs benny. Your hollandaise is really good. Fabulous in fact. The eggs were nicely poached and I have no idea what you do with the english muffins but there was something spectular about them....All around tasty. . . All and all, I can definitely see myself coming back the only draw back is the parking....more parking please!
I ordered the cioppino; the mussels, clams, and fish were very fresh. I only wished it came with rice on the side. They do not have cappuccino or espresso, just regular or decaf.
I loved it here!  Great atmosphere, comfortable setting and tasty food!  The menu is small but quality and the taste was amazing!  It seems to wrap an urban, uptown, outdoor patio with fireplace vibe all in one!  I had the Hanger steak with green mashed potatoes and asparagus.  AWESOME.  Friends had the chicken and salmon and both delicious!  The warm goat cheese appetizer is a MUST!  Service was excellent and I'll be back soon and refer!
This place is great!  My friend highly recommended this restaurant so we went for happy hour during the week.  It has a great atmosphere with an indoor/outdoor bar area.  We started with the baked goat cheese with crostinis and it was to die for!  We also had the buttermilk salad and the chicken pizza which were both very tasty as well.  The wine list was great and the server at the bar was very helpful.  I will definitely be back!
I had lunch here today and quickly became of fan of this eatery. . Service was quick and friendly and the food was noteworthy, . I had the roasted veggies with a quinoa side salad, which, if you know anything about quinoa, you know it takes some creativity to bring this lonely little starch to life. . Well, similar to the bride of Frankenstein, not only did they bring the quinoa to life, they used a dressing that gave it the personality of Liberace on Ecstasy!. No shit!. My wife had the red wine braised beef sandwich, which when dipped in the horseradish cream sauce, produced a mouth orgasm similar to those tantric 8 hours orgasms Sting is always bragging about. . So thats it.. A quinoa salad that practically jumped off the plate, singing broadway show tunes like Michigan Frog, as my wife shuddered uncontrollably with every bite of her beef sammy. . I presume she wasn't faking it either since no mercy bites were offered after finishing my meal in record time.
We had a great dinner here!  The food was delicious from start to finish-and what a finish!  The bananas Foster were out of this world-one of the best desserts ever!  The salmon was to die for and my husband ate his chili verde so fast I didn't get a taste! We'll go back for sure next time we're in Phoenix. (For people from the Bay Area, it was not swanky or hip and groovy, as other reviewers have written)
I have wanted to try St. Francis for some time. I drive by it all the time and it always looks full of people having a good time. I went here with a group of friends on a Wednesday night and was surprised to find out there was a 45 minute wait. The hostess was very friendly and said we could go the bar area or the area by the fire. While it is nice that we could hang out and have a drink I thought 45 minutes on a Wednesday was kind of a long time to wait for a table. Maybe I am just getting impatient as I get older.... . I had the St Francis lemonade which was delicious and refreshing. For an appetizer we split the baked goat cheese. It was so good we ordered a second order. It was probably my favorite thing of the entire meal. For dinner I split the chicken flat bread with my sister. It was a good size portion and came with caramelized onions, chicken, fennel, and arugula. While it was tasty it didn't "wow" me. Two other of my friends both got the citrus salad and it looked pretty good and was something you wouldn't normally make for yourself at home - so maybe I will try this next time.. . The service was friendly but I did feel as if our server was repeating things directly from the menu like a robot and he couldn't really make a good suggestion on what to try for food or wine. Overall, I think St. Francis is good place for groups or for a romantic dinner it just wasn't as spectacular as I thought it would be.
Thrice I have dined at this establishment and thrice I have enjoyed my meal.  The french onion burger is wonderful and the forbidden rice is sinfully flavorful.  . . Great decor and good vibes all around.  Cheers.
This is one of my favorite places.  Great food, great service, great bar, and great atmosphere.  There is a nice outdoor area.  This one of my favorites.  . The only negative is the restaurant manager.  He is a younger guy and everytime I go he is very critical of the waitstaff.  I kind of cringe when I hear him speak to them.  Otherwise, this is a must go to place.  Great.
Faultless decor, service, and food.. . I had the pot roast, being as I am a fan of good old 'murrican comfort food raised to new levels of refinement thanks to superpremium ingredients. I wasn't disappointed. There was a nice sear on the outside to hold the moisture and flavor in. The mashed potatoes were delicious, and the veggies (including fennel) were done perfectly.. . The prices were reasonable, and I could imagine taking a family here to experience really GOOD food.. . I'll be back. Even thought the hotness of the waiter that Amy found irresistible must have escaped me. ;-)
The food was wonderful. The presentation was great. The servers were outstanding . One of my fav now.
I've been a baseball fan my whole life, and I have to say that this place hit one out of the park!  We had lunch at St Francis today and were thrilled.. . There were only two of us so we had a limited sample of the menu, but everything was topnotch.  We tried the baked goat cheese appetizer and were wowed by the creaminess of the melted cheese, the piquant flavor of the tomato salsa, and the crunchy toasted baguette to spread all the goodness on. This is a winner... just go ahead and order it and you'll thank me later!. . Dining partner got the Red Wine Braised Beef sandwich, with the Red Quinoa side salad. Now I must tell you, I was all over quinoa ten or fifteen years ago, before it got real trendy, and cooked it often... but always had it hot, sort of as a substitute for rice in dishes where you'd use rice.  Never ran across a recipe for it to be used cold, in a salad... REVELATION!  the dressing and other ingredients in this dish are very cleverly combined, look very nice on the plate, and provide the double whammy of (light and flavorful) with (savory and satisfying)... you could make a lunch out of it and go home happy!  The sandwich was good... grilled bread tasty... horseradish sauce brings zing and flavor... but all in all nothing to write home about.  . . I ordered the Pork Chile Verde... gosh I seem to order that all over town don't I?  this one is not a home run, it's more like a Grand Slam In The Bottom Of The Ninth!  OMG so smoky good, with a healthy heat index (comes with a roasted jalapeno in the stew, eat at your own risk)  A side of homemade corn bread is delicious, crumbly and just goes perfectly with the stew.  Don't be shy, just dip it in there and get it all over your upper lip... no one will blame you.. . I definitely will return to this restaurant, perhaps at dinnertime... but whatever time you go, I am sure you'll enjoy it!
Went to celebrate with my honey and a friend suggested this place. First of all, great atmosphere. Second of all we were seated right away in the restaurant and decided we wanted to sit outside. The hostess was super nice and accommodated for us right away. I always feel like an annoying person doing that and the hostess definitely did not make me feel that way! Ordered some wine and the roasted chicken flat bread to start. That was yummy. Then I ordered the white fish (which was a halibut) and he ordered the pork chile verde AMAZING! our waitress Elena was awesome and extremely attentive/informative. My only thing was that they brought out the entrees while we were still eating our appetizer. Not that big of a deal to be honest.
took the wife there for her b-day sat outside had great service . the goat cheese app we ordered was fab one of the flat breads, a burg that my wife split with a friend i had the meatballs which were 3 huge balls in there very tasty red sauce served with a big piece of toasted rustic bread  we also had the kale salad yes alot of food we had pleanty of takehome
The place was dope! The only bummer was the half-assed sun cover offerings out on the patio, but we were lucky to find a spot inside for post brunch drinks! Food, service and atmosphere are all good! Definitely make it to this spot!
We frequent Saint Francis - dinner and weekend brunch. Love it. . . Complimentary Valet is a great way to start. Live music playing on the patio. Open air bar. And that's all before you get inside the door. :). . Some favorites - Peartini. Yum. The "Smart Caesar" featuring Kale is delicious. We love the Chili Verde with cornbread. The meatballs hit the spot if you're in the mood.. . After dark they play movies on the patio - the last night we were there they were showing the DeNiro / Pacinofilm "Heat" from 1995. . . Overall, a very cool place day or night.
This place was hopping at lunch time last friday! The restaurant is really nice looking, with a lot of natural sunlight. I went with my dad and we split the chicken flat bread and the braised beef sandwich with the quinoa side salad. It was a lot of food! we ended up taking half of it home. Anyway, I thought the sandwich was good, but could have used some veg or something on it so it wasn't just meat and bread. In addition, the flatbread was good, but could have used more flavor too! It has really delicious caramelized onions, which gave it the majority of its flavor, but it could have had more seasoning or a sauce of sort.... The quinoa salad was really good, I would definitely eat that again. Also, the service was very attentive, when my dad went to the bathroom, the server came over and refolded his napkin.... kind of weird, but nice I suppose. Overall, I thought it was good, my dad liked it more than I did, and I would like to try this restaurant again.
went to St. Francis twice in past month and I must admit that i will be going there in the future. I am giving this place this high of a rating not because i had a meal that blew my socks off. It is because these people have managed to put together a neighborhood place that has fantastic atmosphere and good food. . The first visit was about 4 weeks ago for lunch. We sat inside for patio was completely booked. This was not a bad decision for we loved the ambiance. For my meal i had the short rib sandwich. It just stood out and i had to have it. The dish was very tasty. the only down side of it was that it got a little soggy so the bread lost that crunch, but the flavor was there and this was to be expected from that juicy beef. . Went for dinner last Tuesday and the seating situation was exactly the same. Outside was packed, the bar was full so we had to sit inside or wait for about 30 minutes for outdoor seat. No problem... we set at the table inside and again had a great time. . The ambiance was great. servers were fun and helpful and the place was filled with cool people. . For appetizer i had the goat cheese that was good. it was recommended to us by our server and we were grateful for that. tomato sauce added just enough acidity to the dish to keep the cheese from being too potent. nice crunch with the crostinis. . One of us ordered the pot roast that was very good. Cool thing about it was that the dish did not come out as heavy as we have expected. The meat was juicy andtender and polenta was just great. The cioppino had very good amount of seafood in it but we thought that the sauce was a bit of a let down. We expected that zing that cioppino should deliver along with an abundance of fresh aromas, but in this case it was missing. Do not get me wrong, the dish was good but not great. . Finlay , the prime hanger steak was good but little over done. It was ordered MR but delivered MW. The mashed potatoes were great and roasted cipolini were fantastic. the mushroom ( i think it was a form of demi ) was delicious. not overpowering and allowing other ingredients to speak for themselves. Had it not been overcooked, this dish would have been a winner. . All in all a great experience at ST. Francis and i will be bringing friends there for time to come.
Great service, however we arrived off peak at around 2:00 and left before the dinner hour, it was starting to pick up. We sat outside on the patio, it was really pleasant. The peartini was fantastic, my husband ended up ordering three of them! Good thing we he wasn't driving.... The food was good, I had the pork chili verde and he had the burger with bacon and fried onions. The French fries were rustic, with the skins on them, I liked them better than most restaurant fries.  The peaches in the peach cobbler weren't ripe enough, they were hard and tart. The crisp and the vanilla ice cream was very tasty on top of the peaches. I will get a different desert next time. I will definitely come back.
This is technically my second time coming to St. Francis but the first time I only had drinks so I thought I'd wait until I got the full experience like I did on Tuesday.. . I love the layout & the overall feel of the place. There was a lot of natural light and the music was awesome.. . St. Francis has an awesome drink menu...I had the Pineapple Rum Mojito (amaze balls and pretty self-explanatory) and the Peartini ( Grey Goose Pear, St. Germain & lime I believe; kick in the mouth but definitely not a bad thing! Better to be strong than weak.). . . My girlfriend & I had the baked goat cheese which was yummy...different but a good start to lunch. The Turkey & Avocado sandwich was what I had for lunch based on the server's recommendation and while the sandwich itself was tasty, the fries were mostly soggy...not crisp at all really. I'm a pretty big fan of fries and the few I did manage to eat were good but unfortunately, most of them weren't...which is basically my only "meh" moment during lunch.. . Our service was ok; not the best...not the worst.. . I'll definitely be back for dinner to check out the ambiance and try a few different things! Overall success.
The baked goat cheese appetizer and pork chile verde were wonderful.  The atmosphere is also nice.
I have driven by here countless times and never noticed it. Why I have no idea. Its a beautiful place. Very modern and upscale. Its a good looking crowd and trendy. The food was good, but not amazing. I had a hanger steak and my guest had the pot roast. The steak was cooking to my request. Not as tender as I would have hoped, not for a prime cut at least. The pot roast was moist and tender. The high point of the evening was the potato appetizer. Quite tasty and a bargain at 6 bucks. I could be happy going for happy hour with a drink and the potatoes. Service was excellent. I will be back.
I really think this place is something special.  The architecture and design is a perfect match for the crowd, menu, and food quality.  When I'm in the mood for "clean, casual but thoughtfully designed and prepared cuisine" this place will always be a contender.  . . Surprisingly kid-friendly, by the way.  My eight year old was the only child in the entire place when we dined there, but children will probably enjoy the splendid setting, and they have a small children's section of the menu (4 or five standard items), and kids eat free!. . As for me, I had the pot roast, which was served with a well-seared exterior and a fork-flaking moist interior, on a bed of delicious baby bok choy and whipped polenta..  I cleaned the danged plate with no difficulty.  Very rich dark gravy.  Overall, the portion size was above-average.. . The artisan baguettes, baked on site (you can walk out with a loaf for $3) were wonderful, with slight tartness.  You can get about a 1/4th of a loaf with dipping oil for a couple bucks off the appetizer menu.. . Most entrees ran $14-24, with meal size salads in the 9-12 range, and lovely appetizers in the usual $3-8 range.. . Oh, and the sinks in the bathrooms are one of the coolest things I have seen in a restaurant.  A distressed and angled brass or copper sheet serves as the "sink" which gives a very cool "spilling" effect when the faucet is turned on.  I'm kinda disturbed by the fact that I stared at it for so long.  I was enchanted..
One of my favorite brunches in all of Phoenix and I am quite the bruncher!I had the fried egg sandwich which was far from ordinary. It's served on a soft brioche and the tangy chipotle mayo gives it an awesome flavor. I also stole a bite of biscuits and gravy with fried egg and that was just as amazing! I'm looking forward to going back again to try more of the menu out. The atmosphere is modern and chic and the live music was a nice touch! My only negative is I thought the drinks were a bit pricey for what they were. Oh, and they don't serve espresso drinks which I think Is a must these days for brunch. Other than that,an overall great brunch! One more tip I would get there right when they open as the wait when we were leaving was up to 45 min.
Valet only parking, unless you want to try parking by the bank. Last two times we weren't able to. Not crazy about their cocktails (pretty weak) but the Bloody Mary was a welcome start to our Sunday brunch. It's not listed on their menu but they have gluten free options. Tried the egg bake, pretty good. The salmon and pork chile verde are delish (love the homemade cornbread). Overall, the atmosphere and food make this a great brunch or lunch time spot!
my girlfriend and i were at sees candies across the street and saw the restraunt.We were on our way to airport were my friend was flying back to san fransisco my home town also.. as i sat at the quaint lilttle bar it was lunch time and very busy the service was fast and friendly we only had a coctail and it was marvelous as i sat and looked out the garge door i said to my friend this place belongs in the city S.F and thats when the bartender said yes this owner wanted it to look like san fran thats where the name came from i am planning to go back and have a sunday brunch and when im homesick you will see me gazing out that garage door
So the last thing St. Francis needs is another glowing review, but I feel like any place that makes an item you get addicted to deserves a shout out. So here it goes.... . The Za'atar chicken salad sandwich must have crack in it, or else there's no way to explain why I'm so hooked. The first time I had it, they were still making it as a chicken flatbread. Now they've incorporated it into a sandwich full of things that sound like they shouldn't go together but definitely do. It has a vinaigrette dressing instead of mayo, which makes it perfect for the sweltering Phoenix summer. And if you pair it with the quinoa salad, it's fantastic.. .  I'd like to order something else when I go, but no dice since I stumbled upon this combo. Maybe if I figure out the recipes, I'll finally be able to order and enjoy some of the other fantastic things they have to offer here. Until then, I'll just have to steal bites from other people's plates.
One of the best lunches I've had in Phoenix.. . I'm still thinking about the fried egg sandwich and fries. A fried egg- yolk just barely runny. Barely. Two thick-ass slabs of good-ass, smoky-ass bacon. Arugula and aioli on a really tasty ass bun. Damn, son. Good as hell. The french fries were so damn good, too, and you have to dip those in the remoulade to really enjoy them all the way. . . I would come back for this sammich every day if I lived next door. Don't be afraid of it being called a fried egg sammich, because it's a whole nother level.
Went here for post dinner drinks last night. I've eaten here before and really enjoyed it (but it's been so long ago I won't base the review on that). . . The drinks here are really nice and unique. Great ambiance and I love the Julia Child video. The cucumber drink is yummy. I had total order envy because it was so light and refreshing.
Good quality "new" American food with twists. Enjoyed this place a lot. Limited menu selection (for my tastes) is the only thing holding back a fifth star.
St. Francis is stellar in my book and I think I'll be tempted to give it five stars next time. Looking for a cool, urban, unpretentious place to eat? Then you've found it! . . My friend and I went on a Saturday night. Without a reservation, they were able to seat us immediately. This may even have been too fast, as I didn't have an opportunity to have my pre-dinner drink and I'm not one to drink during dinner. While I've read the patio is the place to be, there were no tables (not just "not available" but literally no tables!) which may have been a good thing. With temps hovering around 100 degrees at 8:00pm, the comfort of A/C has it's advantages! . . The staff, everyone from the valet to the seating hostess to the server, were on their toes. All were attentive and friendly ... the type of service where you know the tip you gave was well earned. . . My friend had the Pot Roast; probably a dish better suited for cooler temps, but delicious and satisfying, nonetheless.  He tells me his wine was also good.  (I'm not much of a wine person, so I can't comment confidently on that.)   I opted for the more season-friendly cool ChickenSalad Sandwich. It was a wonderful combination of flavors. My only concern was that the sandwich began to fall apart, making it difficult to eat neatly in public. It came with a choice of sides and I elected the sweet corn polenta. Oh Em Gee!!! If I didn't know it was polenta, I would've sworn it was Mom's whipped potatoes. Soooo creamy and yummy! And a steal as a standalone for just $3! . . St. Francis's ambiance is great for both day or night and seems like the kind of place I'd like to revisit time and time again for anything from brunch to dinner. As the Governator once said, "I'll be back!" :D
Forbidden Rice Bowl???  DEE-LISH!!!!!
Two of my friends raved about their burger, so I had to try it out! It did not disappoint!! Great bun, good cheese, and those crispy onions were great. I also had the fingerling potatoes which were tasty too.. . We also got the cheesecake in a jar simply to find out what the hell is was all about. So, it was a small mason jar that contained a basic cheesecake "filling" for lack of a better word. They have these pre-done, then when one is ordered they top it with a strawberry jammy, compote thing, a crust crumple, and a dollop of whipped cream. It was good, but not great. They serve it in the jar, which makes it awkward to eat, so you have to maneuver your spoon around to get a bite with everything in it. I wish they would remove it from the jar or make it in a creme brulee ramekin because the sides are even.. . Our server seemed young and was a little green, but not too bad. They played some pretty good music! The prices are a tad steep, but it was a memorable evening.
You should be eating here more often. . . One of my favorite spots to dine. Happy hour absolutely rocks! Here are just a few things that you should be eating when you go there: meatballs, flatbreads, fingerling potatoes, and baked goat cheese. . . Quick tip: the upstairs always seems a bit hot to me. Might want to opt for sitting downstairs.
What a great place for Sunday Brunch!  The live jazz music and overall atmosphere is so welcoming.  The servers are attentive and friendly.  You can even sit at a bench, enjoy your drink and watch the kitchen staff at work.  So many incredible things coming out of the oven....... . The egg sandwich was delicious; the ingredients so fresh!  The house dressing on the salad is amazing. Skip the island punch and order a cinnamon bum; so yummy!. . This is definitely a place that's worth going back to again and again.
Great atmosphere.  Love the decor.  Makes me think of a place you might find in downtown Denver.. Great Service and delish food.. The baked goat cheese is a must!. I tried their 3 course special and was pleasantly surprised of the portions.
My new Sunday happy hour hangout spot after the cards lose in Glendale.  The cocktails are spot on and allow me drown my sorrows for a few hours before trekking back home.  I love the fig flatbread with a spiked lemonade.
I love so many things about this place....the Bloody Mary is stellar, the fingerling potatoes are addictive, and I really like the "window seat" for large groups. The parking guys are great and the location is right in my backyard.  Now for the "requires improvement"...I've talked with a specific employee, both on the phone and in person, and she is not customer-friendly, which has caused me to take this place off my list for special occasions (dinner club, monthly brunch).  Once the service improves, this place will double its business.  I'm also not a fan of the inside jazz on Sundays.  Once it moves outside during the winter, things will be better.. . The bottom line: if you are very patient with inconsistent service and loud music, try it ASAP.  Otherwise, you have to take your chances!
I discovered St. Francis from Yelp and decided to celebrate my birthday there.  Excellent follow-up with reservations both by e-mail and phone call.  Service was very good (we were there for happy hour and got two glasses of wine half off - Try Simple Life - Pinot Noir - excellent!).  Both our meals were excellent - my husband had the French Onion Burger and I had the Seafood Cioppone.  Unfortunately, did not have time for dessert - next time.  . . The only negative was the loud atmosphere - it is a smaller space - keep that in mind and tables are close together.  . . Interesting aspect of Julia Childs cooking show being shown on a white wall outside.
Atmoshphere, modern big city-like.  . . Food - Different than the norm in an Awsome-way.  Melted Goat Cheese - YUM.  Salmon - Perfecto.    Honorable mention at our table - Meatballs!  Columbian Meatballs!. . I would go again.  I didn't pay so can't speak to the price.
I met an old friend for dinner at St Francis and we had a great time! The atmosphere was friendly and posh.  The space itself was very modern and trendy.  (Yes, the bathroom sink was very cool as other reviewers have noted.)   We sat downstairs, at a table close to the bar.  As the night progressed, it did get a bit chilly at our table since the large rolling door was open at our backs.  That was probably the only negative thing I can say about the space.  If we sat further in toward the back of the restaurant it wouldn't have been an issue, and truly it wasn't that big of a deal.   . . As for drinks, we were not very adventurous.  My friend had Stella Artois beer and I had a couple glasses of the house red wine.   Surprisingly, the house red was quite tasty & very reasonably priced.   The waitstaff was attentive, but not overly so.  They kept our water glasses filled and cleared plates efficiently, while giving my friend and I plenty of space to talk and catch up. . . The food was pretty fantastic.  Nothing super-inventive;  but it was all made with high quality, seasonal ingredients that were combined in a very intelligent way.   We shared everything we ordered, so I was very happy to get a good sampling of flavors.  We ordered the baked goat cheese as an app, any it was so good.  Basically, it tasted similar to a melted caprese salad.  The warm goat cheese was floated over a tomato based, marinara type sauce.  Then, it was topped with a pesto relish and served with a side of sliced toasted baguettes.  Yum!   The entrees we ordered were the salmon and quinoa and the burger with a side of the fingerling potatoes.  Again, both were perfectly prepared and totally delicious.  The salmon was precisely cooked and the paired well with the quinoa "salad" that was underneath it.  The quinoa had some fresh tomatoes, cucumbers, soy beans, red onion and was garnished with thin, slightly tart watermelon slices.  It was dressed with a soy vinegarette, too.  It was very fresh-tasting and light.  Perfect!  The burger was as good as everyone reviewed it.  The brioche roll was soft, rich, and buttery.  The meat was perfectly made to order (medium rare), and topped with the heavenly cheese and bacon.  Very decadent...this was an exceptional burger.  The potatoes were crave-able and deserving of the hype.  . . For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding and it was very tasty.  I would describe it as a dome of spiced cake or bread pudding, topped with a  (I'm guessing) toffee glaze and served with a spoonful of gelato.  It was the perfect end to a very satisfying meal.  I would go back to St. Francis in a heartbeat!
I'm torn between three stars and four stars for St. Francis, but I'm giving four stars for the coolness factor. This was a service station that's been converted to a cool eatery with an AWESOME patio and an indoor/outdoor bar, which I LOVE. I like sitting in the upstairs dinning area because it's a little more quiet. It reminds me of one of my favorite restaurants in Paris.. . My favorite dish is the Prime Hanger Steak but the food is where I waiver on giving four stars. Presentation seems to supersede preparation so that your meals looks better than it actually tastes. That is not too say that the food here is bad because fresh quality ingredients are used and there are some very creative entrees on the menu so the food is far from bad.. . I guess I just feel that compared to what's been done to create an awesome atmosphere for dining and drinking, the taste of the food falls a little short. I also don't feel that I get the most value for my money. The cocktails are great here but the drinks as well as the food are a bit on the pricey side. This is Phoenix after all, not Manhattan.. . Still a good place to go though-if nothing else, bring a date here for a few cocktails on the patio because it will impress.
We love the brunch here - they might have my favorite bloody mary in town, and the flatbreads and benedicts are delish.  All-in-all, though, some of the dishes I've had are just sorta... meh.  And not "meh" like "meh, i've had better," or "meh, this isn't my thing."  More like, "meh, for the price, this feels like they aren't even trying.". . That can be kind of a bummer, because this place isn't cheap.  It isn't overpriced by any means, but it is a lot of coin to drop for something that isn't very good.. . This sounds really negative for a four star review, huh?  But, really!  When this place does their thang right, it is really, really tasty.  And the atmosphere is really nice; a quiet, neat-looking former firehouse with classy decor.  Nice jazz for brunch.  A roaring fire on the patio during the winter.. . My recommendation: steer yourself towards something with a baked good involved (benedict, flatbread, sandwich, roasted vegetables) and you'll be golden.
I love love love St. Francis!!!  The food is very delicious and the staff very attentive!  Our party was never dry on drinks, we had bread brought to us.. . My only nag is the seating...very cool the way the set up is of the restaurant...but i really didn't like have my back being brushed up against by a complete stranger...i got a little claustraphobic.  But other than that, i love it!  I'd prefer the patio seating next time i go:)
St. Francis, you have a new fan! Went here last night for our monthly Supper Club dinner and enjoyed every minute (we spent a good two hours here).. . We reserved a table for nine at 6pm and were seated by 6:15. We ended up with a large table in the corner near the kitchen. The table had a mix of four chairs and two long benches, so that was interesting (table was sort of too high though). Three in our party couldn't make it, but that was a blessing in disguise because it afforded us the chance to spread out and be more comfortable. . . The restaurant's design is a mix of modern, trendy and rustic (brick walls and benches) that blended nicely together. Loved the ambient lighting - very cozy and romantic! This is a great place for dinner and drinks with friends (inside) and for a date (patio area). . . Our waitress Meschelle was one of the best servers I've encountered at any restaurant. She was very attentive to our needs and knowledgeable about the food and drink options; her suggestions were spot on. . . To start, we ordered a bottle of the Clean Slate Riesling ($35, a white imported from Germany), the parmesan risotto ($10) and the baked goat cheese ($10). I loved the Riesling - it was light, crisp, slightly sweet, and very smooth. The BCG came out first - the crostini was too hard and the baked goat cheese, pesto and tomato sauce was too tart. The risotto was plated nicely and tasted even better. I loved the caramelized brussel sprouts, cippolini onions and the slices of cajun ham; each bite was lovely. One of the gals said it was cooked too al dente for her, but it was fine to me. . . Next we ordered a bottle of the Catena Malbec ($43, a red imported from Argentina). The wine is a beautiful, deep red with a full-bodied, smooth flavor - which went well with my entree (the prime hanger steak, $24, cooked medium well). The others ordered the Moroccan meatballs ($15), pot roast ($19), roasted chicken ($17), and two of the roasted salmon ($22 each). My steak was served on a bed of whipped (mashed) potatoes, veggies (arugula/sliced boiled potatoes/slices of artichoke) and topped off with a red wine sauce. Other than the boiled potatoes being too al dente, my entree was SO GOOD. (I think the steak would have tasted better if I had it cooked medium.) I tried a bite of the Moroccan meatball, pot roast, and roasted chicken; all tasted great! The pot roast was so tender and full of flavor; the best pot roast I've tasted thus far. This will be my entree of choice when I visit again. Everyone gave the food two thumbs up.. . Next we ordered a bottle of the Hullabaloo Zinfandel ($39, a red from Napa Valley). The wine is a beautiful deep red, but too full-bodied for my taste - especially since we're moving on to dessert. I wanted to order the Moscato to go with dessert, but was outvoted - wah, wah. We ordered the chocolate spice cake ($8) and cheesecake in a jar ($8) to share. Although the spice cake was presented beautifully, and was served with maple pumpkin gelato, I was not sold. The initial bite of the cake was full of chocolate flavor, but then the spice hits the palate and it was too strong. However, the cheesecake in a jar was AWESOME! I tried only one bite, but savored each burst of flavor. What made the cheesecake great was the almond crumble.. . Our bill came to $297, not inclusive of the 20% gratuity we added to the bill. Not a bad price to pay for great food, great wine and quality time with friends. ;). . Thanks for reading my mini-book Yelpers!
Went here tonight with my wife. I was expecting good food but nothing to die for. I was wrong. The food here is insane! Started with the fingerling potatoes, excellent! I just wish the Aioli was a bit more flavorful, garlic maybe? But still awesome! Had the Mozz Salad. The beets, fresh mozz was such an awesome combo. I could not get enough of it. I ate so slow at this meal to just savor the flavors. Had the Salmon "superfoood", Holy Moly! Insane explosion of taste in my mouth. Just when I thought Phoenix Sucked ASS in the restaurant department, St. Francis totally nailed it! Every thing was utterly perfect. So worth the $$. I would give it 5 stars but felt the aioli was not as flavorful as it should be and the fingerling potatoes although insane needed more salt which I personally added to make them even better. I would say you cannot go wrong here. Excellent food, excellent atmosphere, just a place that is well done and reminds of Something well done in CA where I grew up. No half ass attempts here, this place is now my #1. I love it. Thank you for existing in a town with half assed mediocre food. We will be back asap!!! So pleased!!
Landed here late Saturday 9 pm, hosted was a little stresses & ditzy. Grabbed two seats at bar looking out. Great service, good food! The fresh baguette is awesome, had the cauliflower soup and the seafood cipp. . Food was tasty, hot and lots of other items I would order, nice atmosphere,friendly staff ( except hostess). . I will be back
Great food using local sources.  Really cool casual vibe.  Love it!
I had brunch here on Sunday and it was fantastic.  We shared the bakers bread board which perfect.  The Scone is amazing!  I ordered the fried egg sandwich which was great!  I wasn't very happy that I couldn't sub fruit for french fries, I mean, the sandwich is bad enough as it is.  I did order the side of fruit, a huge portion, my friends ate my fries.  I would recommend St. Francis any day for brunch.
Nice casual trendy place. Ordered a bloody Mary for brunch which was very good. My sister ordered the eggs benedict which had very fluffy poached eggs. We came on a perfect 75 degree day. Would like to try the happy hour on my next visit.
Saturday brunch on the patio!  St. Francis has been on the to do list since moving back to AZ.  I knew that I'd be impressed after reading that Chef Aaron Chamberlain came from La Grande Orange Hospitality.. . We enjoyed a nice variety to keep everyone happy from a Turkey Scramble, Eggs Benedict, Fried Egg Sandwich, to a Traditional Breakfast with bacon.. . To top it all off were their house cocktails. The Cucumber Cooler and freshly muddled blackberries made the Black Daisy the group favorites.. . Enjoy the cozy architecture inside.  The cable lighting make you want to zip line straight to the bar!
This is another Phoenix restaurant with great ambiance and decor. . . I was able to arrive before the rest of my party and had a couple drinks from the outdoor bar. The dirty martinis here are delicious! I also had a couple flatbreads (cheese & chorizo) which were both around $10. They both were very tasty and filling. . . For dinner I split the forbidden rice bowl (I added chicken) and the seafood cioppino ($25). I was surprised how much I liked the rice bowl, I am not exactly sure what type of rice they used, but it was on the sweet side in a good way. Other people at my table had the hanger steak , salmon and the french onion burger, but were not that impressed with it. . . I would suggest giving this restaurant a try, I'm glad I did.
Just had sunday brunch here for the first time. Awesome. Wood-oven baked eggs over braised beef...fantastico.
Food was great.  Had the goat cheese app, pork chop entree, and some dessert.  The wine the server recommended pairing with the pork chop worked wonderfully.  Very reasonably priced.. . The only issue I have with this place is the hostess.  She might have been new, and if that was the case - then it's OK.  However, she was pretty absent minded and in general - underqualified to be a hostess (wow I cannot believe I just wrote that).  Whenever I am in Phoenix again, I will make sure to come back.  Cool place.
Great atmosphere and location. We started with the baked goat cheese, topped with pine nuts and with a little sauce (marinara? crushed tomatoes?) on the bottom, served w/Crostini-very delicious! I ordered the meatballs, which tasted very ketchup-y, but with the unusual spices, it definitely grew on me. It could have been spicier, though, and maybe served without the sauce altogether (preferable), or just not as much. My friend ordered the pork chop, which was perfect--juicy, great size--and definitely what I will order next visit. I heard brunch there is fantastic and based on this meal/experience, cannot wait to visit again. Knowing that kids 10 and under eat free is another plus, and the noise level was loud enough that a 4 year old should fit in well.
I have been to St Francis several times and really love it but I had one dish that simply blew me away. The forbidden rice bowl-wow-flavors just explode in your mouth.. I had chicken added for protein-the dish came to the table so fresh-with perfectly cooked veggies in season, the rice was beyond tasty and the shredded chicken the perfect compliment. The real star is the sauce-delicate,aromatic, light.. I ate most of it for lunch then took home the leftover and and had a light dinner.. I never eat the same thing twice in a day but this is the type f dish I could eat weekly.. Thinking about going back soon...
This place IS really GREAT except for one thing that some people like. THE NOISE! We almost left, it was so noisy we couldn't have a conversation and neither of us could hear the drink special from our waitress. The noise level did get better towards the middle of our stay I guess if you are there during the happy hour you might hit them when they are busy and noisy.. . However. . The food was good, I started with a little romaine salad it was only $3. it was good except for the apple slices that tasted like onions (that might mean something wasn't cleaned). My roasted salmon was delicious and came over a cold quinoa salad. I was surprised to find out they use high quality Scottish Salmon that only better restaurants use. . . My companion had the cheese flat bread and the Pork Chile Verde and was pleased.. . We spent much less here on dinner than we would have spent at many other places having a similar meal.. . I do plan to return but will wait for a patio seat where dining is much more pleasant.
Hipster joint, for sure.  But you can't beat the cool half-indoors/half-outdoors bar area.  And the pork chile verde will bring me back soon!  It is a little noisy if you're trying to have real conversations over dinner.  But it's definitely worth it, considering the food & drink selection is tough to match!  Love this place ... my mouth is watering while I reminisce about the pork chile verde.  MMMMMMMM!
We visited on a Saturday night for drinks and dessert.  Ended up getting a bottle of wine and sitting on the front patio.  They had some movie projected on to the wall next to us which was pretty cool.  Ambience was fantastic.  Lots of nice folks sitting around and striking up convos.  However, the highlight of my night was the dessert.  We shared this little piece of heaven...a toffee pudding thing with gelato.  I was pretty much the girl licking the bowl in the corner!  Ok...maybe not that extreme but I wanted to.  It was one of the best desserts I've had.  Can't wait to go back and try their other course offerings.
Trendy with good food. Great staff and an interesting facility. It's not really a family place, but they do have some interesting kid meals. Feels like a good date place or business get together. I would totally do job interviews over lunch here.
We went on Friday night at 8 pm.  Thankfully, I made reservations.  We were seated right away and the service was very friendly.  It is a cool, hip, casual atmosphere.  As others have stated, this place is NOISY!  There are a lot of hard surfaces (cement floors, etc.) that cause the conversations and laughter to rebound off every surface and reverberate.  It gets so loud at times you can't hear to have a conversation.  The waitress took a bit to come see us but, when she did, we definitely had her full attention.  She was friendly, well informed and more than happy to answer our questions and give us her thoughts on any dishes.  She knew her menu and gave great descriptions to help you decide.  I ended up ordering the Green Chili and my b/f got the Potroast.  We nibbled on the their housemade bauguette and it wasn't very long until our meals arrived.  One word - DELICIOUS!  OMG was it good.  The pork in my green chili was so tender and had the perfect amount of seasonings/spice.  The 2 slices of cornbread were silky and flavorful.  The portion sizes were perfect.  Not so much that you felt stuffed but you definitely weren't hungry - "comfortably full"  The taste of the Potroast that i had was also incredible.  The only mistake we made was ordering the chocolate cake.  The waitress said it was 'semi-sweet' and that should have warned us.  It definitely was missing the sweetness that we enjoy.  That being said, in hindsight, she did a great job of her description of the cake but we misinterpreted it.  On the drive home, we both commented on how fantastic the food was and a total steal for the price.  It is the type of meal that you would pay at least $10 more/plate anywhere else.  The only complain is the noise.  Everything else about this place is stellar.  I think next time we would come later and see if it is a bit quieter.
Whether you are going for live music and brunch on the weekends, a drink with friends or an enjoyable dinner out, St. Francis has a little bit for everyone.  . . My indoctrination to St. Francis started with happy hour and drinks with a few friends early last year.  Since then, this place has become one of my favorite spots for a night out.  There are a few other places that are on my coveted list of restaurants... it is not an easy list to get onto and requires that the following criteria be met:. . Amazing food. Tremendous service. Clean and inviting atmosphere. . St. Francis is on the list of places that never fail to meet this simple, but important list.. . Last Thursday we were in for dinner.  My wife had just arrived home from a business trip and we wanted to go out for dinner and we wanted something we knew was going to be great.. . We ordered the veggie flat bread for an appetizer, french onion burgers and we even did cheesecake in a jar for dessert (which is rare anywhere... dessert that is).  The veggie flat bread is soooo good, the flavors are just incredible and they derive from the natural flavor of the veggies. . . So the main course came and we realized the bread was a little stale, strange, but not a big deal... we let our server know and she immediately took action to correct the issue.  We were pretty calm about the situation, we had never had a problem at St Francis before.  As it turns out, they purchased a new bread rack and it was close to the oven, unfortunately as we found out, the oven was also drying out the bread on the rack.  Our server said she informed the executive chef who was said to have started looking at the bread and realized that the oven was doing a real number on the bread.  She said that the chef was taking corrective action and was sorry for the issue.  Not a problem for us, we were happy that they were taking care of our order and making sure it did not happen again.  . . I have had bad experiences before, the difference between those experiences and my experience at St Francis is worlds apart because the staff reacted immediately, they seem to care about what they do and the food that they serve.  Anyone can tell me they are very sorry, but between saying the words and fixing the problem are real actions; notification of an issue, understanding what caused the issue, reviewing food that has not been sent out of the kitchen, addressing the concerned customer and checking to see if other customers were affected by sending the servers out to see if everything tasted ok.  Not just words... actions.  . . Go to this wonderful restaurant, embrace the relaxed atmosphere and enjoy their food.
Visiting Pheonix for work (shocker) and had a hard time trying to pick a restaurant.  I looked on Yelp, I read reviews.....but in the end had a hard time finding a restaurant that fit all the criteria (good atomsphere for a "table for one", good food and within hotel shuttle distance).  AWESOME CHOICE.  Thanks to the bartender at the Hilton Suites recommendation.  The atomsphere was awesome with an open airy space, a view of the kitchen when you first walk in.  I was sat on the second (top) level and it was nice with great natural light. I got the farm salad and honestly one of the best salads I have ever had....very light and fresh.  As an entree I got the Pork Verde.....AWESOME.  It came in a cast iron skillet with a side of sweet corn bread (don't forget I am from Georgia).  :)  It also had pablano peppers and some cheese.  Nuff said.. After dinner I went back downstairs to the bar to have one last cocktail.  I had the St. Francis Lemonade.....in both stawberry and lemon verbena flavors.  Thumbs up for both.  (Yep I had 2 last cocktails). . Overall all awesome restauant.  I think if I had someone with me and didnt feel so rushed during dinner, it would have gotten the 5 stars.  But they squeezed me in since I was a walk in.  Highly recommend for atomsphere, drinks and food.
I was in Phoenix with colleagues from the UK for a trade show so on the last night we decided to go and find somewhere to eat. This place was recommended by the hotel - a concept that fills me with dread but on this occasion I decided not to be a sour puss and go with the recommendation. . . It's got kind of a rustic upscale look about it and a nice ambience, a good mix of people from young couples through to families.. . We had one of their freshly baked baguettes as a starter of sorts which I have to say was really very good, it was served with olive oil but could have done with a touch of balsamic vinegar.. . I can't remember what my colleagues had but they didn't complain about it and they do tend to be picky eaters. I had the port chop which was seasoned perfectly and cooked just the way I like it - well done. Maybe it's a UK thing but the thought of pork not being nuked and served medium makes me gag. It was served with stewed peaches and a potato salad - perfect.. . Our server Greg was very attentive without being totally in your face. The place is about a 10 minute cab ride from downtown but well worth it. The hotel billed it as a Californian eatery but it was more like a modern American restaurant.. . In short, highly recommended.
This is an amazing restaurant. I wanted to wait until I had been several times to write a review to ensure it was fair and that I wasn't just overly impressed with my first few visits. . I have been more than 20 times. Several times for brunch, three times for dinner, and a lot of lunch visits. Always great service and the menu is terrific. I love the bacon burger and brunch options are all fantastic.  The baked eggs are amazing and I love the pork chile verde for brunch. It comes with a slice of corn bread and is terrific. . . My only complaint (although I find it important) is that I do not appreciate that the kitchen serves meals for children first. We often take the kids for brunch and I sometimes forget to tell the server that we would like our meals served together. Otherwise, the kids meals come out IMMEDIATELY.  I will be honest, I don't understand this. Especially at such a lovely restaurant.  I have talked to the servers about it before and while they are happy to make the adjustment, unless you ask, your children's meals are brought before the adult meals.  I dislike this for two main reasons: (1) assuming I allow my children to eat their meal first, after my children have finished their meal, they are less likely to sit in their chairs properly and be entertained while we eat, but FAR MORE IMPORTANTLY, (2) I believe children should learn proper manners, which includes that it is not polite to eat a meal until allthose at the table are seated and served. Even my two-year old can observe this rule so it is frustrating that a restaurant believes we should be encouraging children to eat when others are not.  . . Overall, a lovely restaurant. Wonderful, seasonal menu. Great space. Kid-friendly. Great wine list. Visit. Go now.
Great happy hour! A nice place to hang out and grab some drinks. The baked goat cheese is amazing as are their baguettes. Service was good considering how large our party was. Happy to add this place to my HH list and will be back!
I have been to St. Francis twice - once for brunch and once for dinner. The brunch deserves 5 stars, we had great service and great food. Their bread was AMAZING! We had great service for dinner, but the food wasn't up to what I was expecting. Things were a little bland and the sauces on all the dishes was a little heavy. However, overall I would definitely recommend them.
What a great place....and the waiter in the bar, Casey, and our waiter for dinner, Barry, we're so nice and so amendable and nice.  Food was excellent!
You've got to hope that a restaurant named after a saint isn't some sort of trashy place, and I'm happy to report St. Francis in central Phoenix was ultra-classy and had wholesome, delicious food that would probably make the patron saint of animals proud.. . The beautiful two-story spot, with fresh flowers and candles on every table, as a very cozy vibe. Tables are close together inside, and there's a spacious patio and bar area. When I went, footage of Julia Child was being projected on a wall near the bar, adding a quirky and fun element to the otherwise posh restaurant.. . Our server wasextremely knowledgeable about the comfort food menu, offering up vegetarian options, giving his recommendations and explaining ingredients and cooking techniques in dishes.. . We started out with Baked Goat Cheese ($9), which was a bowl of the cheese accompanied by crackers. The cheese and tomatoes were so good, but I preferred to dip the soft bread we got with our meal into it rather than the crispy baguette.. . For my entree, I had a Vegetarian Flatbread pizza ($13), which had such soft dough. It was perfectly cooked-lots of cheese and veggies, including broccoli and tomatoes, and the crust was amazing.. . For dessert, I had a to-die-for Roasted Blackberry and Mascarpone Cheese dish ($7). The cheese was so flavorful, and the fresh fruit made it a great summer dessert. St. Francis uses locally grown ingredients, and not only did the food taste great, it felt nice to be supporting sustainability.. . I also had a Pineapple Rum Mojito ($9), which seemed heavy on the soda but was refreshing.. . The whole vibe at St. Francis was peaceful and positive. Their menu changes with what's in season, and I can't wait to go back and try more of what the place has to offer.
My husband and I went there last Friday night. We've made it our goal to try a new place at least once a month . We thought the food was fantastic. We got to sit up on the second floor and had a view of the bar. We ordered the potato finger lings and the bread for appetizers. I have to say that after reading a few reviews, I was looking forward to the bread since everyone seemed to think it was amazing. I was not that impressed with it, I've had better. The potatoes were very good though. For the entree, we ordered their special, some kind of pork loin with arugula salad on top and some kind of creamy tomato base. It was delicious!!We also had the strawberry cheesecake dessert in a jar, fantastic!! We will definitely be adding this one to our restaurant repertoire.
My favorite high-end burger in Phoenix so far.. . she had the seasonal vegetable flat bread (read: pizza). I had the burger (read: simple and awesome). . we had the smashed fingerling potatoes. our only problem was that the ketchup was some sort of Heinz/Hunt's mixed with who-knows-what. The fingerling potatoes were absolutely delicious.. . I only had a bit of her "flatbread"... i was too busy with my burger.. the "french onion" burger is spectacular. the french-fried onions, gruyere cheese and arugula are a great complement to the brioche bun and the tender ground beef patty. This is what a fancy burger should taste like.
A bit of a trendy downtown-type place, but food is amazing and the ambiance is very cool. When we went on Thursday night it was pretty busy, although the patio was closed (probably a good thing on a summer night). The only downside was that we had to wait a while fire our server to check in on us and others seemed to gaffe the same issue. Not sure if it was unusually buddy for a midweek night, our if they need an extra server or two to help distribute the attention to the customers. . . Overall, though, a great experience, we look forward to returning to St. Francis!
It took me a couple tries, but now I can officially say that I am a fan of St. Francis. I met here recently for lunch with a girlfriend and this is a great restaurant for a ladies lunch. The atmosphere is trendy, fresh, unpretentiously sophisticated and although it's right off of busy Camelback Road, you'd never know it once you step through the doors. . . First and foremost, I like that they allow you to make reservations, even during the lunch hour. This is smart to do because it does get crowded. The food here is simple with a culinary twist. The menu offers flatbreads, salads, sandwiches and other options. On a previous visit, I tried the burger which was juicy and delicious (as well as a little pricey). The burger is definitely a good option to order if you are in a hungry mood. The fries are thick steak fries with plenty of salty goodness to them. On my most recent visit, I had the Del Real which is a sandwich with goat cheese, cucumber, peppers, onion marmalade and avocado, plus I added turkey. It comes with your choice of a side salad or fries, but this time around I fought through my cravings and opted for the side salad. The sandwich was on ciabatta bread and absolutely delicious! The side salad had a great dressing to it as well. . . All in all, the meal was delicious and the atmosphere was good too!
A packed lunch hour shows off the kitchen rocking.. . A few minor tweaks indicate management is aware of the kitchen's organization, as well as food protection.  Awesome romaine salad, prosciutto and, fig flatbread, and roasted vegetables. Nice wine pours. . . Really comfortable, stimulating digs to unwind the week. . . Thank you for the consistent reprieve!
3.5. Surprise complimentary valet for parking. Good, solid, food in a cute atmosphere. I enjoyed the live music and my baguette to take home. The boyfriend thought the turkey scramble could be bigger and I would have more liked more evenly crispy fries but overall it was an enjoyable time and I would go back.
Came here for a girls' evening last Friday.  I'm not so much a fan of the forced "complimentary valet" but the city of Phoenix is grooming me to expect such things if I want to eat in the area.  . . The restaurant is cute.  Menu is diverse and they have a great cocktail list.  The goat cheese appetizer is pretty fantastic if you like goat cheese.  The food is good, but not great.  I had the vegetable flatbread pizza and with a little more seasoning, it would have been delicious.  Our table shared the cheesecake in a jar as well as the stout cake - all were delicious (and I'm a tough customer when it comes to chocolate cake).  . . Our waitress was generally fantastic all evening.  She seemed a little short when there was a mix-up with the credit cards and amounts but was back to being cheery as soon as it was fixed.  I will definitely return!
Good food but would like to see items that are more upscale. The service is always good
Met some friends here for a Sunday brunch. Good food, decent prices, open and inviting atmosphere. Will likely dine here again in the future . . The only thing that was a little off-putting was that the live music they had playing was so darn loud, that we were literally shouting across the table at each other just to be heard, making it impossible to have a nice Sunday Brunch conversation. After one particularly loud song, we finally asked the waiter if there was anyway they could take the volume down a notch or too so we didn't have to shout at each other.  That seem to do the trick. . . otherwise, the place was delightful!
St. Francis is one of my favourite places for brunch in Phoenix. Its got an up class, trendy feel. American food with a pinch and pull from all over. Good brew selection, and mimosas and bloody Marys with brunch. Plus kids under 10 eat free. . . The staff has always been friendly. I haven't had the slow service others have complained about. The food takes a while to come out but that is no fault of the server. The servers have always asked about my drink when they noticed it low. . . My favourite menu item has been the eggs benedict with salmon, the hollandaise sauce is perfectly tangy and buttery! They used to be served with a side of fingerling potatoes, now they only throw a few on the plate. The pork chile verde is spicy and wonderfully seasoned. Its served with a large spoon and two slices of corn bread for the stew. I also love the cioppino; it's a spicy, red seafood stew. Definitely large enough to share IMO, and served with bread. . . I've also come with friends for happy hour and just ordered appetizers and drinks.The feel was great and we all left happy and warmed by the fire on the patio.
Great local trendy hot spot! Great food, Great Staff & Great Vibe. Very imaginative menu using fresh ingredients! Parking is limited to valet, but not a big issue. The valet guys are great...Quick, courtious & efficient.
I've been to St. Francis a few times and everything has been very good. So far I've tried the following:. Goat Cheese Appetizer - Generous portion size with fresh herbs and sauce. Meatballs - Another huge portion size with lot's of flavor. Veggie Flatbread - A vegan dish, you won't miss the cheese on this one. Market Vegetable - This was broccoli with a lemon aioli and bread crumbs, I normally don't like broccoli but devoured this one.. Cucumber cooler - great cucumber flavor, fresh and delicious!. . Overall the food is quality and a great value. I look forward to trying more of their dishes. I would highly recommend St. Francis.
My first time in Phoenix and this Restaurant came upon a suggestion. I thought the outside looked promising and that it was more upscale, but it was cute and down up earth. Although the entry was confusing the food, drinks, and atmosphere made up for the layout. . . It's not overdone and affordable. I would not recommend children or kids here, because its do darn cool and sociable. Not too loud, but really a cool vibe for dinner, drinks and conversation.. . The bar is kinda small so get a table!!!. . Would definitely like another visit! Thanks Phoenix.
Went here for lunch.  Ordered the lemon chicken with the cous cous.  Really liked it.  Sat upstairs which was nice and warm.  The salad was very good.  The gentlemen next to me ordered the meatballs and they smelled delicious!  Would try those next time.  I would come back here again.
This is a gem in central phoenix.  The food is amazing!  I have only one complaint: carry more German/Belgian beers.  Every "hip" place carries local beer, differentiate yourself.  . . Other than that, I love this place!
We had a good meal at St Francis for dinner. The forbidden rice is awesome and I am a meat guy but I keep going back for the dish. . You have to know what to order here as there are some not so good items on the menu.. Our server was suberb. He was friendly and knowledgeable and you got tell he enjoyed being there.
Really good food and very fun/hip atmosphere
Love this place. Had the amazing veggie flatbread/pizza. You don't even miss the cheese. I need to try the veggie spicy rice - they keep touting it as one of their best dishes, but I can't get myself to commit to a rice dish for a meal.. The bread they serve is to die for - I bought and took home two loaves for my family. They wrap it cutely in paper and a straw string. You just need to make sure you put it in a ziploc type bag when you get home to soften it a bit, otherwise it's a brick. Just a tad sour without it being straight sourdough bread. YUM.
Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and fingerling potatoes - YES PLEASE!  This place rocks my world each time I've been here.  One of the best Bloody Mary's I've had in the valley - and I drink an obscene amount of Bloody Mary's!  . . The vibe in this restaurant is lofty and modern with a bit of local art and an old safe in the women's restroom.  There are nooks and crannies throughout the space featuring modern local art and graffiti yet the wooden ballasts and minimal design leave it feeling almost futuristic in design.  My favorite feature of the St. Francis restaurant is the table nestled into a class atrium beside lush leafy landscaping.  . . This place is a hit in my opinion with delicious coffee, amazing cocktails, superb food and inviting, hip atmosphere.
We came to St Francis early for brunch and had a very nice time.. . St Francis is about the food and the ambiance.  It's one of those restaurants that you wish you lived closer to, so you could become a regular.  The service is friendly and the wait staff has a effusive manner.. . We ordered the Eggs Benedict with the standard english muffins and hollandaise sauce, skipped the potatoes for $13.00, along with the Farmer's Frittata for $10.00.  Both were very good.  The Frittata's taste lingered well after our meal, but in a good way.  It was light and had a nice mixture of flavors.. . All the food came promptly and we had time to sit back and enjoy our meal.  It also gave us an opportunity to  browse the efforts of the interior designer and architect on the space.  I think I would call it light and breezy, as was our meal.. . Enjoy!. . .
I love this swanky restaurant. Their staff is friendly and it is conveniently located. My only complaining is that I am not the only one who knows, so there is often a lengthy wait. I am also not a fan of valet parking, but hey- the food is worth it! The food is amazing! I won't lie I crave their perfectly cooked fingerling potatoes with their house made aioli. . If the noise level bothers you request seating outside or on the second floor. Both are perfect areas for small parties!
We had a great evening.... Food was delish.. Atmosphere was cool and interesting.. Highly recommended!
The salmon is a. Amazing!! And I don't usually care for salmon.
Im always looking for those trendy urban type places, So glad we finally tried this place! We came here with a couple of our friends and the inside is no neatly decorated and has a really fun and friendly ambiance. . . We got to talking about took us forever to look at the menu but our waitress was very patient with us. When we finally looked at the menu, the menu was short which I always take as a good sign. I love short menus.. . I got the "forbidden rice bowl", my bf and friend got the "chicken salad sandwich" and my friends husband got the " pork chilli verde". My rice was delicious! There were 7 different types of veggies in there and it was cooked to perfection; not too hard, not too soft, just the right amount on crisp. I didn't really like the rice. It was too strong for my liking. The chicken salad sandwich was amazing! Just the right amount of spices to cover up that chickeny flavor! And my friends husband loved his pork chilli verde. . . This place is the place for health nuts, vegans, vegeterians, etc! . . I can't wait to try their drinks! They sounded so good! We will be back soon!
My favorite thing about this place is how it looks on the inside.  Very cool with the red brick.  The only thing I didn't care for was the halogen lights  on the wires.  They remind me of the mall.  I know, picky. I think they were trying to be too cool with the bathrooms.   The "sink" looked like a copper plated shelf that was corroding.  The safe was pretty neat though. . . We first got to the restaurant for Sunday brunch they had a band playing. They were playing very loud it was very distracting. I couldn't even hear my wife talking to me sitting across from me. She agreed that the band was playing too loud it was annoying to her as well. Luckily they stop playing soon after we arrived and it was a much it was a much more relaxing experience.  Had they kept singing I would have given the place a 3 overall and would probably not be planning on going back. . . I am not a fan of brunch.  we got there after 1pm.  I had already had breakfast earlier.  I would of liked to have seen more dinner type entrees.  I will likely be back, but not for brunch!. . Now on to the food. If you are addicted to carbs you will love this place.  The bread and other backed goodies looks great.  The bake them in a wood oven.  I did not try any of the bread, but was tempted.   I had a chili verde and my wife had the salmon salad. They must have left it sitting under the broiler a little too long. Some of the top layer pieces of pork were little dried out stringy. Underneath the pieces were very tender and was tender as well. I have to say though I like the chili verde at Z'Tejas better and it's cheaper there as well. My wife said that they changed the salmon salad from he last time she ate there. They got rid of the lettuce!  The salmon was perfectly cooked but it was sitting on a bed of  cold quinoa.   Only the first few bites of salmon were warm, then it got cold.  I think it would be better if the quinoa would have been hot.  My wife liked the version with the salad much better.
Free valet parking is a huge bonus.  Happy hour food deals make it a good time to sample meals at very good prices.  Outside seating available and comfortable.  Free kids meals if they are joining you, but I rarely see kids there.
Super happy hour(Moscow Mule best in town), Great food, freshest ingredients...service very consistent...imaginative menu. Great appetizers (fingerling potatoes are to die for, cheese flatbread outstanding), forbidden rice dish is outstanding, hamburger is nice, hangar steak yummy, pot roast very nice too.. Desserts- Sticky Toffee Pudding a must
Visited this place during happy hour on a Saturday.  Seated in outdoor dining area.  Even though it was cool outside, the heaters kept us warm.  Started with the baked goat cheese.  It was very good, but had a little too much tomato and not enough of the goat cheese.  I had the pork chile verde.  Not huge portions but it had great flavor and the meat was very tender.  Husband had the french onion burger and it was yummy.  The table next to us ordered the flatbread and it looked delicious.  I might have to try it next time around.  Our waiter was attentive.  I will be back in the future.
Their egg sandwich is amazing. So is the bread. I just love this place.
Happy hour drink prices = AMAZING. . Dinner was delicious. Had the baked goat cheese. This was SO good. How can you go wrong with goat cheese though..... . Also ate the pork chile verde which was very good and truly the cornbread was some of the best I have had at a restaurant. Usually it is too dry or dense...this bread was light, fluffy, perfectly sweet/salty. My friend had the cauliflower soup and salad. Extremely tasty and satisfying and despite being so full from dinner, we had the cheesecake in a jar to top things off. . . Atmosphere is definitely hipster and the building is just tucked away in the most random area in downtown Phoenix. Loved the decor and loved the openness of it all. I didn't necessarily like how loud it was inside. I don't think they can help that though. . . Try it out!
Amazing food, amazing atmosphere and a great wait staff. Their burger will blow your socks off. Prices are medium, fresh baked bread is awesome. This is very close to a 5 star restaurant and I recommend giving it a shot if you are in the area.
Came here for Saturday brunch with 3 other friends. There was no wait for a table, although my friends said that was a rare occurrence. We ordered the baguette with jam and butter as an appetizer, really delicious! I ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon as my main dish. I loved the side potatoes!. . Our server was very friendly and the atmosphere of the place was really nice (except for all the flies that flew in from outside, but I guess that can't be helped). I'm looking forward to coming again and bringing my dog to sit on their patio :)
Nice Food. Nice Staff. Good Environment!
I must admit, the food at St Francis is top notch, although the experience is a bit pretentious.  . . Going there for happy hour is a must, as the prices are very reasonable. The menu is limited, but more than sufficient.  . . I had the chicken salad, at the recommendation of the bar tender.  It was quite good.  While it comes with either fries or salad, upgrade to the fingerling potatoes ($2) which were perfect in every way. . . The drinks were poured with a liberal hand and the wine selection was very good.. . There are many beautiful people there.  It is a bit off-putting, but the food is worth the trade-off.
I travel regularly to AZ for business. I tend to dine in the usual places and I happen to drive by St. Francis. It's a quaint little restaurant with a foodie atmosphere. The lunch menu is simple, the food is fresh and the black Ice tea is brewed just right. Their flat breads and sandwiches have great flavor s as I suspect organic ingredients are being used. They are big fans of Arugula and so am I! So if your in the mood for hip, fresh and simple, St. Francis is the place to eat. I will have to try them for dinner next time I am in town
Best salmon I have had!!!! Also the cucumber cooler is bomb!!!! Love it!
I finally made it to St. Francis.  This is the place that we have often talked about going, but never actually made it.   If you are the same way, drop what you are doing and head on over there immediately!   . . My boyfriend brought me here for dinner on my birthday.  I loved it!  Great ambiance, definitely good for a date night on a special night!   The food was delicious.  I had the chile pork verde and he had the salmon and quinoa, both were excellent choices.  We each had to refrain from licking the plates!  =)   The food was excellent, so flavorful.   Hats off to the chef!!    Can't wait to go back and try more here.
When a place has over 500 reviews there really isn't much to say so I'll keep it simple.  Parking sucks, especially when you're wearing 6 inch stilettos and have to walk farther than you'd think to get in.  Atmosphere is good but a little crowded, some of the booths you're literally sitting back to back with strangers and the tables in the middle of the restaurant are pretty closely located as well.  Service was great, our server new all the details about the dishes and made recommendations as well.  Food was awesome!  Presentation was great, flavors were delicious and everything was perfectly cooked (I'd almost forgotten how a medium-rare steak ACTUALLY looked when done right!).  Moral of the story, I'll be coming back but I'll wear flats and try to get a corner table.
We tried the pig dip sandwich and the salmon flatbread.  The flatbread and bread for the sandwich is made in house and you can tell.  The flatbread is actually very fluffy and more like pizza dough than other flatbread dishes seem to be.  I'd definitely try a different topping arrangement next time, the salmon is a bit much to make a whole meal out of.  It was also less smoked than we expected.  The pig sandwich was very good, and the fries were actually decent despite appearance.  Presentation overall was very nice as well.. . I would happily return to this fine establishment!
Graduation Lunch May 2nd - Edit, Good Stuff. . We had and unfortunate experience but the management went above and beyond to make sure the bad taste in our mouths wouldn't last.. . We love happy hour and dining at St. Francis and will be returning in the near future.. . Thanks John!
we've been wanting to eat here for some time, and last night we had a very good experience. we made it in for their daily happy hour specials and got several drinks, an app, and 2 entrees for under 40 bucks, including tip. . . the warm goat cheese app was gooey, salty and delicious and comes with several pieces of very, very, very hard toasted bread. i opted for the forbidden rice bowl. it was a large portion of black rice that tasted like coconut milk (delicious) and filled with tasty veggies. even something like parsnips or radishes, i don't know, but they were excellent. i had one of their margaritas and i wish i could remember how good it was but i sucked it down in one full gulp and moved on to their beer menu!. . they have valet parking, but one thing i really, really, really can't stand is valet. especially "complimentary" valet because you always give them a dollar or two. and especially when the valet parking is literally 20 feet from the door. valet should be reserved for decrepit people, rich people, and lazy people...all of which we are not and i don't like giving my car to someone, even if it is to drive it only 4 feet.
Love.. . Perfect place for an amazing date :-). . Delicious food, great ambiance, nice staff and a killer view. . . Love (again).
We sat on the patio, which was really nice with a covered awning to block the sun. "Mandatory" valet for literally a 20ft walk. Again, this is on my ridiculous list. Just let me park my own car unless I'm in heels, and it's a mile away, and snowing, ok? . The happy hour menu is pretty decent though. They offer many of the same menu items at a better price, so it' worth going at this time. . They don't have a huge selection of vegetarian options, but the veggie flatbread and forbidden rice bowl were both excellent. The goat cheese appetizer I could skip next time. The tomato sauce overpowered the goat cheese and the bread that came with it was so hard and difficult to eat. I had two of their mixed cocktails which were delicious and went down all too easily. . Service was pretty good. The food took a little while but I don't mind when it's fresh and tastes clean and delicious.
This is fast becoming my go-to lunch spot. Helpful staff, forbidden rice bowl, salmon super foods. I brought a team here for a celebration and it worked great; everyone raved about the green chile and the meat balls. Stopped in on a sunday and they had live music. A Great experience.
Being the patron Saint of all animals this place sure does a great job in cooking them.. I am going to keep the review short and sweet. Made reservations through Yelp and it actually worked! Arrived 15min. prior and within 5min. we were sitting down. Sat at the balcony and we were not expecting the great view we got. A large mirror above the bar was placed strategically so as to give a great view of the cleavages down below. I for nice warm spring days in Phoenix I definitely recommend you ask to be seated here. . I ordered the Roasted Salmon Superfood which was obviously prepared by the chef to cater to their Ninja clientele. It was cooked perfect (see attached photo) on top of quinoa, avocado, spinach and sweet chile vinaigrette. Afterwards I decided to treat myself to dessert and I had the Cheesecake in a jar. It was recommended by our waitress. Service was great on a busy night, Can't wait to try the rest of the menu next time I am in town and the price for the quality of the food you are getting is excellent. . St. Francis, you patron saint of all animals. You definitely know how to serve the wonderful slaughtered creatures God's provided us. For that this Ninja will award you 4 Ninja stars and for Executive Chef Chris Barch, you sir are just two miracles away from Sainthood yourself. maybe on this Ninja's next visit we can bring you that much closer to God.
Had to run my father-in-law to Phoenix today, and so I told him I would take him out to lunch.  Having recently seen this place on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, I though we would give it a try.. . We were pleasantly surprised . . . the staff was great . . . the food was wonderful . . . the only draw back was the noise level due to all of the hard surfaces.  I had the French Onion Burger and my father-in-law had the Chicken Salad . Sandwich.  Mine was cooked perfectly . . . nice and juicy and the arugala add just enough to take it to the next level.  The iced tea was fresh brewed and my glass never got less than half full before it was topped off.. . Will definitely be back . . . Hope to try the weekend brunch items (the pan fried pan cake) and also dinner.  Why only four stars . . . the noise level . . . hopefully dinner will be a little quieter.
I just love the St. Francis! For starters, I'm a big fan that it is family-owned and they do garden fresh right. The cocktails are high-quality, and I especially like the Lemonade - made with vodka, pomegranate syrup, and fresh-squeezed lemonade, it's very refreshing. The wood-fired flat breads have a perfect blistered crusts and seasonal vegetables. The flat breads are high quality and my favorite item on the menu (order the market vegetable). The meatballs (Moroccan Spiced Meatballs) are delicious and so unique.  Go for happy hour and try everything, the prices are great for HH, $5  libations. The reason they don't get 5 stars is the 2nd floor is very warm.
St Francis is a good restaurant. The Santa Rosa is the perfect summer cocktail in Phoenix.
Great food, awesome atmosphere. . Love this place. . The salmon superfood is to to die for as well as the squash with goat cheese, a must have.
Two words. Pig Dip. Two more words. Order it . My wife andI went on a date night and on the lightrail, I did a search and found out how close St . Francis is.. . Greeted by a hostess, we were painfully early for our reservation and they were slammed. We weren't in any hurry so we took a couple of chairs at the bar. They have Flagstaff Brewing Co. Red!  . . We previewed the menu and asked some questions. Then, we got to sit down upstairs (after a second Red). We ordered starters, a s roasted squash with honey, jalepeno, almonds and goat cheese. We ordered the corn soup.  Both...delicious.. . We waited a bit long for our appetizers to come, but it gave us a chance to catch up after a long week. The only issue, almost predictably, our entrees came and we had to rush through finishing our starters. The corn soup has a nice hint of spice withe roasty corn sweetness. It was a little under seasoned in the salt department, but a small pinch took care of it. The roasted squash was the star here.. . My wife chose the pork chile verde and I did the dip with fries and what tasted like a homemade chipotle ketchup.  The pig dip is perfect. On pickle would have been a nice add, but...that's nitpicking. It's the best pulled pork and cheese with pork broth on great crusty bread goodness a man with a waisteline should have.  Oh so, piggly wiggly good!. . The fries were homemade and the ketchup was excellent. My second red ale washed my palate. The pork chile verde was delicious as well (we swapped bites). My spouse and I cleaned plates and then shared the date bread pudding with the vanilla gelato and caramel sauce. Make sure they have fresh coffee brewed before you order dessert because we couldn't stop eating it and it was gone before the coffee got back to the table.. . Thanks St. Francis for a lightrail treat on Camelback Rd.
Best burger I have had in awhile.
Great place with a lot of character. Love the old historic building it has so many different options for seating. There is usually a little wait but it is worth it. The food is great especially the flat breads and a mice bottle of wine.
I am in love with this place. I finally visited on a lazy, hot, and beautiful Sunday. I enjoyed the misters and breezes as I sat at the outside bar. The bartender Silk was amazing, attentive, and can make a delicious drink. The coronado drink which is a combination of cherry bourbon, elder flower, agave, and one other ingredient that I forgot, rocked my world. This was during happy hour and this delectable drink was only $5.00. . . I tried the goat cheese and bread, and fell in love with this dish after every bite.  Overall, this is a sexy, chic, and fun place to people watch, eat yummy food, and drink strong drinks!!!. . Cheers
I was on a business lunch and in charge of picking a place, so naturally I looked for a place on the pricier side. Just kidding (not).. . St. Francis was a fabulous pick. The menu piqued my interest since it offered a variety of healthy options and curious flavor pairings. I ended up with a salad that had nuts, beets and avocado, and I added chicken. it was perfect! . . My coworker ordered cauliflower soup which sounded unappetizing not only because I dislike that veggie, but because it was 113 degrees Fahrenheit outside. Even so, I was coerced into trying the soup and was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it.. . My one complaint is I was sitting next to a sign that said something about St. Francis having the best bread in Phoenix, but I never got a bread basket to see what the hype was about!. . PS: It wasn't even expensive.
Absolutely one of the best date-spots in Phoenix. The menu has a little bit of everything. from light and healthy, to decadent and rich. The service is (usually) very good, and the ambiance is quiet and candle-lit. Keep in mind- if going for dinner and drinking wine and appetizing. it can get pricey.
Solid, consistently well made food, in an architecturally beautiful building with good parking.  Very kid friendly with a toy box for kds to rummage through and healthy kids meals on menu.  Kudos to them!
Great breakfast burritos and various fishes.  Enjoy a Mimosa or a Bloody with your eggs...
My hubby and I came here for brunch and it was delightful.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because our server was less than excited to be at work and I am pretty sure he was hungover....but the food more than made up for it.  We started with a bacon date scone, we wanted the cinnamon roll but they were all out.  The scone was delicious. My husband had the iron skillet pancake which was beyond amazing!  I wanted the eggs benedict, but they were out of that as well, so I had the biscuit and gravy and it was really good.  For dessert we shared the sticky toffee pudding and it was wonderful.  We will definitely return!
Really fun place for happy hour with a good number of food and drink options at reasonable prices.  Cheap tap and bottled beer, mixed drinks (very good), and 1/2 off wine glasses. The happy hour portions are tasty and large enough to leave you full.  Service was so-so but not bad enough to prevent a return visit. Nice staff but took a while to get our orders and bring back drinks and checks.  We came on a Friday evening and there was quite a wait as we left, so plan accordingly. There's free valet with the obligatory tip.
Very nice. Stopped in for dinner on a busy Friday night and we had a great time. The almond margarita is really excellent, with an unusual flavor and delicious taste. The vegetable flatbread is relatively healthy and light - good option if you're avoiding meat. The French onion burger is really tender and delicious, and I liked the thick cut fries that came with it. The pork chile verde is spicy and yummy, with a great cornbread on the side. The chicken salad sandwich is good, but I'm not sure if it's worth getting again. The other menu items are so good and promising that i think the chicken salad sandwich is a little too boring in comparison.. . The service was a little slow, and I thought the seating was a bit crowded. Overall, very nice. I'd go back (especially for happy hour).
Very good food and very friendly service! Kids eat free every day all day too. Awesome! We liked the ambiance as well.
Who knew Phoenix had such a little gem.  I met a friend there while visiting the area.  We had not seen each other for 15 or more years and it was perfect.  I mean the lighting, the sound level, the atmosphere was spot on.  We only had drinks and apps but they were as good as the space.  The fingerling potatoes and baked goat cheese appetizers were enough. Portions on the apps we had were big and between the two of us we ate the goat cheese and had plenty of potatoes left over.  Do not order those as your own app, you need to share that one.  I can not rate the entrees but will return and try them next time I am in Phoenix. Oh and the valet parking is free, I always love that! And of course I did tip them.
Pork Chile Verde was amazing. My son had the French Onion burger and he said it might have been the best burger he has ever had.  That said we will be back for sure.
Very nice place, good vibe.  Food was very good.  Salmon was excellent, chili verde was very good, Pig Dip sandwich was very good (and a big portion); fingerling potato (Small Bites) was not so small, but very good as was the baked goat cheese appetizer.  Salads were very good.  We'll definitely go back to try some of the other dishes.  Service was a bit slow and it was not that crowded, not sure what was going on, but noticeable wait time for drinks between courses and the longest wait was for our check.  All in all a really nice experience.
Pretty cool cozy place on Camelback.  Try the salmon, very tasty!
Went here on the back of seeing this on the food network. went for brunch, I had the french onion burger and it was very good. I wouldn't be fan of seating upstairs as it was like been on a bouncing castle. All in all it was a very positive experience
Great service, very kid friendly and the food was pretty good!  It was loud but that's good with kiddos :)
I had a very enjoyable evening here attributable to the atmosphere, service and creative dishes and cocktails.  Also sampled some deserts and found them as good if not better than the entrees.  Definitely will return.
Went for lunch earlier in the week. Love that they serve the Restaurant Week menu at lunch, not just dinner. Food was spectacular as usual.  Food/wine pairing recommendation was excellent. I was pleasantly surprised how well the Merlot went with the salmon's spicy seasoning. I am taking one star off for the crack in the wine glass they brought to the table. It was very noticeable, so someone was not doing their job right.
Saw St Francis on Food Network. Came here for Sunday brunch 3 times and enjoyed live Jazz and have also sat out on the patio. Did dinner here once. Corn bisque was amazing. Pig Dip - overrated and quite honestly I found it bland. Forbidden rice bowl - yummy. Get the potatoes no matter what- they are probably one of the best things on the menu. Don't miss the Eggs Benedict with prosciutto at Sunday brunch. Pass up the cinnamon roll again over rated in my opinion as are their desserts. But, Definitely worth eating here. Great decor/design, servers are friendly and prices are what's expected for downtown Phx. Great little spot.
really great service , really tasty food ....wish I was local as I would return
We had a great time at happy hour! The market veggie flatbread was delicious! We also loved the Goat cheese app with baguette. The service and atmosphere were lovely, I would recommend sitting outside when weather permits!  Do not miss dessert...you will be mad later.  Um cheesecake in a jar? YES!
Been here a couple times. Delicious flavors and the happy hour has a nice little menu and drink selection (both wines and draft beers). Love the fingerling potatoes!!! I really enjoy it when I come, but it just doesn't completely stand out to me which is why I didn't give it 5 stars. Still a great place though and I suggest you try it!
Great place!  The atmosphere is great and the service is friendly and attentive.  The food is fresh and unique with a healthy flair.  The almond margarita is to die for and you must get a dessert.  Toffee Cake is a great one.  We loved the toffee cake so much they gave us the recipe.
Had a wonderful time at St. Francis last night.  A friend in town and did a re-do of the visit we had in April and the second time around was very enjoyable.. . Staff and service were very good.  Taylor did a great job!  A couple of others assisted him when he was busy.  He was knowledgeable about the food and beverages and sometimes it stuns me to realize how much wait-staff have to keep filed in their brains to fill us all in when we go to eat.  . . The drinks at St. Francis are unique and delicious.  Hubby had the Bisbee - a tamarind syrup and vodka beverage that he enjoyed all evening.  Friend had a glass of red wine and I opted for the Santa Rosa with the grapefruit juice, vodka, and muddled basil.  Delicious concoctions...compliments to the bar!. . Our food was overall very good!  Clear winners included the baked goat cheese appetizer - hot and creamy with a little tomato tang and finished with basil.  The stuffed peppers were outstanding - the pepper, the stuffing, and the sauce were all great on their own, but together they were delicious - Icould eat them for breakfast!  The cheesy polenta was good...my memory of the last visit was that it was better then but I couldn't put my finger on "why" that was - but I have to say it was still a very good and wonderfully creamy dish and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  We shared our entree's and by far the tops we had were the meatballs.  At first the sauce was sizzlingly spicy but the meatball was scrumptious and toned down the sauce; combined they were probably the dish I liked best all night.  I had a seared salmon served with a quinoa salad under the fish.  Fish had just the slightest fishy taste - but it was cooked to perfection with a nice golden crunchy outside and moist flesh inside.  Hubby had the Forbidden Rice dish and it was the weak link; not a lot of flavor and the black rice, although tasty, was just a little under-cooked.. . There were some timing issues; food came out too fast - we didn't have time to finish one course in a relaxed way before the next one arrived and we wound up with a table overflowing with dishes of partially eaten food while the new ones were arriving.  Now granted...we ate it all anyway, but that did "rush" it a bit.  We saw that at other tables too...so the kitchen maybe needs to tweak that a bit with the staff.. . We didn't have it...but the table next to us ordered the pork chop and I don't think I've EVER seen a thicker one!  Had to be close to 3" thick and full as we were, we would have loved a nibble of the chop as he was cutting it.  It looked very good.. . Overall...a great night...glad we went back!!!
Went for a Saturday brunch.  Website is excellent for doing your research on the place. . Parking is a negative.  Why valet parking when your car sits in front of the entrance?  . Architecture and ambiance is a plus.  Very fresh and innovative.  A little noisy, but OK. . Service was excellent.  The food:  Eggs benedict smoked salmon was one of the best according to our friend. Pumpkin soup and salad a clear winner.  The Farmer's frittata could have used some more veggies. The cinnamon roll was disappointing--very doughy and not flavorful. My iron skillet pancake was fantastic as was the bowl of that magical pumpkin soup. Would recommend this place for brunch, lunch, happy hour or dinner.  Always a winner for us but be careful what you order as not all offerings on the menu are winners.   A little fine tuning is needed.
We went for dinner on a Thursday night. I called for reservations at the time I wanted, and they were full, but was told 1/2 the restaurant was open. We walked right in when we arrived. The baked goat cheese was amazing! We ordered our dinner, and were waiting and I had a problem with my drink. It was removed immediately and was given a new one. It was taken off our bill, and they got me a $25.00 gift certificate. I tell you customer service goes a long way with me, and I really enjoy this restaurant. They use locally sourced produce, and make their own breads. We will be back!
I'm only giving it 4 stars because the meatballs were salty. I returned it for the white fish dinner. The white fish dinner was amazing. I will definitely go back again to try the other dishes. . . Thanks to my friend I am no longer a brandy virgin. For the life of me I cannot remember the name of the drink but it was a mixed drink that included brandy. I'm anxious to try the remaining speciality drinks on their menu.
I really enjoyed St. Francis! We celebrated a friend's birthday here and we had a variety of appetizers and entrees. The Goat Cheese, Fig Flatbread, and fingerling potatoes were a hit! I had the burger it was good too. We had some sort of orange drink and it was VERY strong- not that I am complaining. It just took a while to drink. Service was a bit slow at times (we had about 6 or 7 people). At one point we didn't see our server for over 30 mins. I would go back- maybe with less people though.
We had booked a reservation so we had a table ready, though it wasn't strictly required. Based on other Yelp reviews, my friend and I went here and were not disappointed. It was a fabulous meal.. . We started with the pumpkin soup, which they split for us. I actually found my half more than adequate, I couldn't actually imagine eating what would have been the entire portion. It was quite good though (made with cream which makes anything good). We also ordered the baked goat cheese which is served with a marinara-type sauce for spooning on the accompanying bread and was very good.. . For dinner I had Moroccan Meatballs, and my friend had pork chile verde which I sampled and was good. The meatballs were excellent, and in fact the only reason I didn't give the full 5 stars was that the "pasta" on the meatballs was pearl pasta in the sauce, which when cooked is tiny and really lost in the dish. In fact, I didn't even realize that it was in there because the plate simply appeared to be three large meatballs in red sauce and I finally identified what looked like small tapioca balls swimming in bottom of the plate. The only way to really eat the pasta is to eat gobs of sauce, which wasn't going to happen. I felt it would have been better accompanied by a different pasta or at least more pasta and less sauce. None of this detracted from the flavor though. I would give them 4.5 stars but Yelp doesn't do half stars). . Service was excellent, complimentary valet parking as well. We were seated upstairs which is a quieter part of the restaurant and it was very nice.
