The day we went there, we dint find any pizzas on their menu. We were kinda puzzled - isn't a pizzeria supposed to serve pizza? We're mostly vegetarians, so we ordered their caprese and vegetarian sandwich hot. was so good. will definitely go back!
Cibo has not only great food but wonderful ambiance inside and out- They serve clean and healthy food that is always tasty (mmm pizza)! It is located downtown in an old house that's been converted into the restaurant which gives it that old charm and private feel as you dine..    Stop by for lunch or dinner and sit on the patio for a lovely dining experience sure to please any palate. Great for date night too :)
My bf went to CIBO after hearing about it from one of our Phoenix-Native friends. We LOVED it! I read the reviews about it before we went to I was super excited to go. We went for an early dinner arriving at 545pm and it was already pretty full. After sitting for a bit we noticed a bunch of ppl sitting outside waiting for a table. This place gets packed! We sat outside to the left beside the big tree with white lights- super nice! Underneath a heat lamp (my fav). The reviews are true, it was super yum! The only thing that was not the best was the service. Our waitress was a little out of it - she started off weird but after we order a bottle of wine and apps she warmed up. We started with a bottle of Scarpetta Pinot Grigio, Trentino Italy. The wine menu online is different. It was $30 and tasted good. We started with the Burrata - fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crucio and toasted bread ($14) I loveddddd the mozzarella - talk about quality mozzarella! I didn't eat the prosciutto b/c im a vegetarian but my bf said it was tasty! There are 2 balls of mozzarella and they are big! We got another order of bread - warmed not toasted which tasted even better than the toasted. The waitress was very eager to bring us more bread and she warmed up and was helpful at this point. We both wanted pizza and salad so we decided to share Omero Salad ($12 - organic mixed greens topped w/imported goat cheese, cucumbers, onions, caramelized walnuts and sliced strawberries, tossed with balsamic vinaigrette. We got the dressing on the side which was a good idea b/c it was strong! It was a really really good salad  - moderate size nothing huge but nothing small. For the pizza we got La Noce off the PIzze Rosse (they have half Rosse pizza, with tomato sauce, and half Pizze Biache without tomato sauce). SUPER yummy and a big size! It had tomato sauce, mozzarella and ricotta, topped with arugula and walnuts after pizza is cooked. I loved it! I wanted to order the Fresca Crepe since most of the tables around us had it and I read it was amazing but I literally could not take another bite! Which is off got me b/c i love food hehehe. Def will come back and def try the Fresca dessert!!!
If you can, get a group of friends together and make a reservation early!  They only take them for groups, but unless you want to wait 1+ hours, it's required on busy nights.  Nice setting, especially nice outside.  . . Ordered 7 pizzas for a group of 8, but that had some children.  All were good to great.  I think the simple pizza margherita was the best, and a great value at only $10.  When I come back, I think I'll be tempted just to order 2 of these and a salad for my family of two adults and two children.  . . Just a nice setting, cool older building, busy hip crowd, and great pizza that comes super hot and fresh out of the oven. . . Only reason I am giving this a 4 star is that our service was slow.  I didn't mind too much since it was so busy and I was with great people, but it took about 20 minutes from when I asked for the check to when I was able to sign and walk away, despite me putting the credit card down immediately.  The server just had other priorities.  In fact, they had the table cleared and were literally seating other people at the table before we had the check back.  So a bit of a slip up.  . . Still, they were very friendly, and it was a great meal.  I recommend this highly as a  date spot or even a family spot.  Loud and so very easy to just focus on your table.
*SNAP* *SNAP* *SNAP*. . I tried these pizzas:. Quattro Formaggi. Calzone (DANG GOOD). Saliccia. Tartufata (THE BEST). . For dessert I sampled the:. Fresca (DELICIOUS). Nutella and Mascarpone Crepe. Nutella and Strawberries Crepe. . I also had a shot of their homemade Limoncello (i ended up dropping it into some ice tea for a meeeeeeeean Arnold Palmer... Or would that be a John Daly?). . I had to get that outta the way because everything was excellent and I didn't wanna forget anything.. . OK so, I was a little apprehensive about coming here because it seemed pretty hipster and maybe too fancy for my liking, but I was wrong.. . YA HEAR THAT?! I WAS WRONG!. . Cibo is probably one of the best spots to eat in Phoenix. Everyone was friendly, even the other patrons, and the food was really, really good! Simple, a little rustic, but perfect. Everything took a while to come out, but hey, it was a friday night, they were busy, and there were no complaints once we sunk our teeth in. It is a bit fancy, but that is the nature of the place. It was fun getting to sample a good cross-section of their menu, so I'd recommend coming with a decent-sized group, although it would also be a perfect date spot.. . I'm so happy that this place exists, and in Phoenix to boot.
The ambience is great and just shy of being too hip. Waitstaff wassuper friendly--felt like I was eating at a friend's house, but guess that's the point.. . Limoncello and chocolate desserts were great. Our waitress suggested we get the chocolate one over ice cream. You should try it.. . Didn't try the pizza. We'll be back.
The place you go to when you are not in the mood to deal with the surly crowds at Bianco.  Great setting, good pizza, and excellent desserts.
This place was great! We were told by some locals to come here rather than waiting in a two hour line for the other favorite pizza spot in the area.  the atmosphere really made the dinner!   It's an old house redone as a restaurant... we sat outside and there were twinkly lights everywhere and a great jazz musician playing live music in the background.  . Our group of 10 ordered 8 different pizza's plus a couple of the special pasta dishes.  Both pasta dishes were out of this world, and the pizza's were tasty and above average.  (but i'm super picky about my pizza's) It was a great meal and a great atmosphere, and next time I visit I would go back.
As another reviewer noted you can NOT get the pizza for lunch. Noteworthy because that was what I was after. However, the Vegetariano Sandwich was delicious! VEGAN friendly if you order it without cheese. . . The chef will not allow an extra ramekin of marinara sauce to be brought out after the food. Apparently the sauce will taste different if it is not cooked with the food. Ok. . . My boyfriend ordered the Parmesan sandwich and it looked quite tasty. We both had the house salad which was good. The house chips are Miss Vicky's and brought to you sealed in their original bag. The patio is so beautiful on a nice, cool day with plenty of shade provided by the over-sized umbrellas and trees. I enjoyed a great lunch complete with tiny birds and a glass of white wine.
Excellent pizza and great wine list, they are not pretentious and I have never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. . . Depending on where you sit the atmosphere can be cozy and romantic,  or lively for a night out with the girls. . . The staff is friendly and most times I can find a seat at the bar. . . 4 cheers for Cibo!
Great selection of wine! Try the calzone!
I come here for lunch as a quick downtown sit down spot.  The sandwiches are good and they come with a side of either salad, fruit salad or chips.  I always order one of three sandwiches (the prosciutto, the pulled pork or the pastrami)  All great, all with a salad, that has fresh sliced parmesan and pinenuts.  Already a winner in my book!  The dessert crepes are huge and need at least two people to work on it after an entree.
We had attempted to go to dinner at another little place a few blocks away, but were put off and decided to explore. Lucky we did cause I absolutely loved this place. We sat outside and it was very enchanting! I forgot we were in Phoenix for a while, which is a good thing. Phx needs more places like this! Our pizza was good, but I would have preferred a little more spice. Our crepe was delicious! I would go back for that alone! Overall, we had a great experience and hope to get back there before the summer hits us so we can enjoy the quaint patio experience:)
3.5 stars Nice place to have dinner outside. Excellent service. The highlight of the food for me was the Diavole pizza. Pizza overall is good. Our group didn't like the wine as much. In my opinion the dessert crepe with nutella and strawberries had too much nutella.
Okay so Cibo's is really good, let's get that out of the way right up front.  Their salads with pine nut goodness, their sandwiches with the bread that holds up no matter the insides, the iced tea.  Oh good lord almighty that tea is great.  So yeah, after two lunches at Cibo with Jesse, I am definitely sold on the joint.  BUT that is not to say that Cibo is flawless.  Let us proceed.... . Jesse was having a crazy busy day, and I was bored.  We decided to lunch early and headed over to Cibo, since Jesse had been craving it.  We arrive in the neighborhood north of Van Buren where the quaint little sandwich/pizza house is located, and immediately I note the line of cars up and down one street, along with the line of tractors ripping up the intersecting one.  There at the corner lies her beloved eatery, with many chin-up suits and aging re-debutantes making their way towards it from all directions.  Jesse, sensing the parking challenge that was soon to present itself, slammed the brakes.  "Go get us a table.". . I'm out of the car like a greased-up salamander out of a Mexican Coke bottle.   Scuttling across the street to get ahead of all the winners, I'm considering my seating preference.  It's a little warm out, but all the shade trees in Cibo's courtyard would fix that right up.  Then I remembered the close quarters the last time we sat outside, not to mention Jesse's disgust at being seated next to a table with *GASP* a child.. . I didn't know what things were like inside, but it hardly mattered.  My mind was made up, and when the hostess showed me to our window table in the small dining room near the bar, I realized it didn't matter at all.  The whole place was close quarters, except now we were gonna be inside, which meant way better acoustics!  Full tables all around.  This place is way above the radar and has been for some time, so this was to be expected.  What I didn't expect was the high-haired doughy woman in the electric lime muumuu sitting directly in my line of vision.  She ultimately heightened my experience a great deal just by showing up, although I couldn't help wondering which tribal casino was calling all the hospitals, looking for their most loyal customer.. . Jesse ended up ordering the caprese sandwich with added prosciutto (server was happy to oblige), and I had the BBQ pulled pork.  Jesse's sandwich was pretty good.  My sandwich was MAGNIFICENT.  The spice was a pleasant surprise, and also gave me a bit of good old-fashioned sweat-face.  I wasn't really feeling the couple of flies buzzing around us during our chewing time, but to be fair I didn't know who they belonged to, so I can't in good faith pin it completely on the establishment.  Also, the server seemed to forget we were there a couple of times, which is always fun.  But hey, I'm sure the Carries outside needed their lemon water refills real bad, having just played their freckle-tanned backs off in the breast cancer tennis match they just came from.. . It may seem from my review that I didn't have the best time.  This absolutely IS NOT the case.  I don't think lunch at Cibo could have gone any better.  The cramped eating space, outspoken clientele, somewhat negligent wait staff, all these should be, well, kind of expected when partaking of a place like Cibo.  It's almost like dinner theater - get in, get settled and get ready for the show.  And whenever possible, watch for muumuus.
My dear Cibo - do not get too big for your britches.  When my husband calls to make reservations, do not call him "Dude" and "Bro."  Don't tell him that we will be "lucky to get in" at 7:30 and that you don't take reservations after opening.. . Also, the waitstaff appears to be in a constant state of change (not the bartenders, but thewaitresses/ers.  The woman we had this past Tuesday was below average at best.  Yes, everyone has an off day, but when you work in one of the hottest places in Phoenix... and make your money off tips... MIGHT want to liven up a bit.. . Cibo, you are our PLACE!  So live up to our memories and keep them going into the future!
TIP: this places takes no reservations on fridays and limited reservations on saturdays so expect long wait times standing in front of the house.  when you get in, skip the mediocre salads and just order the amazingly fresh pizzas.  ask to sit inside cuz outside can get crazy hot even at nights.. . This joint is just unusual because it's in a house that serves pizzas and salads (i'm surprised neighbors don't complain).  expect long waits in the weekends.  Service could be better cuz the dude thought i ordered a nut brown when i asked for a dirty blonde and a calzone when i asked for a magherita pizza.  The pizza is as fresh as it gets.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh because the tomato sauce in the pizza is extra tangy.   The local beer from sedona (nut brown) and tempe (pale ale) are extremely flavorful.  The pesto salad is not that great (can't taste the pesto, should have tossed it).
Let me start by saying the atmosphere up in here is great!  The front dining yard is lit up at night by peaceful white lights strewn in organized chaos from the trees that grace the grounds.  This is the perfect patio for a relaxing meal spent  enjoying the company of good friends or for a casual date.. . As far as food goes....YUM, delicious, please sir...may I have some more?  I can't say enough about the pizza...the crust is perfect in texture and taste and the ingredients that top the pizza (including the ooey gooey cheese) are of the highest quality.  I highly recommend this traint (trendy AND quaint) Phoenix eatery.  You won't be disappointed!
I am STILL thinking about this pizza 1 day later, that's how good it is. Now, I've had pizza in Italy and Cibo isn't as good as that, however, it is some of the best I've had since Italy and was reminiscent of what I've had there. We came here on Wednesday night and the patio was packed and since we were pretty hungry we decided to not wait and just sit inside. I gotta say, it's a very cute place. I loved the decor, it felt very quaint and homey. The service wasn't the greatest, as our waiter was rather short with us and not too friendly.  The dessert did take a long time to get to us, but really we weren't too bothered by these things as the overall experience was a positive one.. . Now, down to the good stuff... the food. My Husband and I shared a margherita pizza and a spicy salami white pizza. The margherita was to die for and the spicy salami was great with a nice kick. My favorite part of their pizza is the crust. It's is so flavorful and has great chewy and crispy texture. My sister had the special gnocchi, which was really good too. At the end we all shared the nutella and marscapone crepe, which was utter bliss. . . The prices were good, the food was awesome, the ambiance was delightful... we'll be back!
Charming restaurant that delivered with excellent pizza and prompt, friendly service.  It is located in a neighborhood and is very unassuming.  However, the food and service made this a can't miss spot!
After my first bizarre experience, I was a little reluctant to return. However, Karen graciously invited us back to make up for it, a gesture I really appreciate. Things were much different this time around. The food was wonderful and the atmosphere was lovely. We had the buratta, two soft scoops of mozzarella with proscuitto and bread. Yum! I guess it's not always on the menu so get it if you can. We also had the di note pizza and the nutella and mascarpone crepe. Everything was perfect and made with care. Thank you, mike and Karen for taking such good care of your customers! I will definitely be back. . . I've been sneaking bites of my leftovers and they are still just as delicious! I'll be thinking about the buratta until the next time I get to eat it.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the ambience outside! Love the fact the restaurant is in a old style bungalow and the patio is lit with string lights.. . I went there for the first time last night 15min before close and I dont know if they usually have music or not..but if they don't, they need it. . . Food was great but nothing to die for.
Was in Phoenix for a meeting and came here with a co-worker.  We ordered the pesto salad and funghi pizza.  Since it was a cooler evening, we sat outside on the patio.. The salad had chunks of parmigiano reggiano, roasted potatoes with greens covered in delicious pesto.  It was a winning start to the dinner.. The funghi pizza was charred well and was not bitter.  The crust was very good but a little watery from the mushroom.  However, the pie was very good.. The service was prompt, polite and friendly.. I really enjoyed this place and when I'm back in town with the family, I am definitely taking them.
Yum! Delicious tasting pizza, a wonderful atmosphere, and oh those  Nutella crepes are devine!
Charming, intimate, low-key, cozy, and solid food.   It feels like you are at a friend's home.  . . There should be more places like this... like in Scottsdale.  Yes, there are real people living there that are constantly driving elsewhere but bitching about the lack of places to go to in the near vicinity.  Maybe there's someone who will take a hint...
Cibo prob did not need my review but I like to suggest trying the eggplant parm sandwich. It is not heavy at all and the eggplant is not drenched in batter or grease.  Comes with a side salad, very fresh.  I have not tried this restaurant for dinner yet, but heard the pizza is amazing.
Had lunch at CIBO today.  They only serve sandwiches at lunch.  I had the eggplant sandwich.  It was delish.  Served with a side salad.  Salad was just OK.  Ice tea very tasty.  Great urban feeling.  I want to go back in the fall and sit outside at night under the little white lights with a glass of wine and enjoy Phoenix.  And of course try one of their pizzas.
Amen & Hallelujah!  I finally made it to Cibo!  I can finally join the ranks of the other (almost) 400 Yelpers to post a review!. . After hearing SO much about it and working downtown for 10 years, it sure has taken me a long time to get there!  Even the deserted patio (at 5:30 on a Thursday in August) made me happy.  Walking inside, instantly greeted by a friendly host, followed by an equally friendly server.  Service was stellar, attentive, kind, informed, relaxed but not lazy, and suggesting menu items which I always appreciate.. . We decided on the special pizza of the night.  Pizza Marechiaro : Fresh Bufala Mozzarella, San Marzano Dop, Chopped basil and Sea salt!  Like a "super-margherita" the server said.  How could we NOT get it?  We also go the Pesto Salad which came with roasted potatoes, a light pesto dressing, and delicious bread to go with.. . The salad was delicious as was the pizza!  The ingredients were super fresh, the crust was the perfect amount of chewy, the prices were reasonable, and YES there was not a two hour wait to go with the food (even though, I still love the other place too!).  The only part that I didn't love was that the super fresh tomato-ey sauce made the crust a little droopy when I picked it up.  My favorite is a crispy crust that doesn't fall when you take a bite, but hey, small price to pay for perfection every where else.. . Even the tiny little flowers in the tiny little bud vase on the table made my day!  I can't wait to go back again . . . and again . . . and again.  Lucky me I work about a mile away!  You (may or may not) know me, I hardly give five stars on just one visit, but trust me, this has five stars written all over it!!
After a glut of pizza watching on food network, I was on the hunt for some good thin crust pizza. Being in my third trimester, however, I wanted to avoid the hour long waits I was reading about all the pizza places in town, and decided to go during lunch time. Unfortunately, I didn't do my research enough and didn't realize that Cibo does NOT serve pizza during lunch, only sandwiches; pizza is only at dinner time. . . After the initial disappointment, and being too hungry to go somewhere else, we decided to go ahead and order. For a weekday lunch, it was still pretty busy. No wait, but only seats available were at the bar, and just 2 seats were available. However it looked like the turnover was quick. Service by the guy at the bar was relatively quick and very friendly, but he was running around like crazy taking care of both customers at the bar and at tables. . . All the sandwiches are made with the fresh baked focaccia made in the brick ovens. Very fresh and tasty. Not oily at all like a lot of other focaccia's I've had. Good texture, chewy without being tough. There's a choice of cold vs hot sandwiches, my husband and I both got hot ones...I got a mozzarella, tomato and pesto i think? Whatever it was, it was good. My husband got the pulled pork buffalo style...He enjoyed it...I'm not a big fan of buffalo style sauce so I can't really comment on it. You have a choice of side salad or fruit salad witht he sandwhiches, or chips, which we didn't get. The salad was fine, fresh, well dressed. The fruit salad was a bit of a surprise...more of a parfait w/ some thick whipped cream and granola on top. It was good, but being lactose intolerant, it came as a bit of a surprise, so just a warning for those who can't tolerate dairy, or thought they were being healthy by ordering a fruit salad. . . Anyways, m/b I'll make to try the pizza one day...but the sandwiches were still worth the visit.
Street parking is not fun, only a 15 minute wait for a table, the ambience was romantic, the antipasta and pizza was tasty and the customer services was fantastic!
Great Pizza!  Great Ambiance!  4 stars for service.  They are busy and popular causing them to be understaffed when I am there.  I think they are ready for a larger bar with more than 1 guy.  . . I felt like a bad guy as I crowded up to the bar and waited only 3-4 minutes to get the bar tender to get me a beer.  He was polite.  It is just that he was filling orders for the whole place.  . . To the owners of Cibo.  Build a 2nd bar for your busy nights, to make easy for your clients to get a drink.  I would have order a 2nd beer if didn't have to wait in that line....maybe an outdoor bar that is only stocked for your busy nights.
Love this place. Have been there once for lunch & couple of times for dinner. The last time I went was for a friends birthday & although they take reservations, they will not seat you until the entire party has arrived. It was a Saturday night & they were jam packed. We did mention once we were seated that we had tickets for a comedy show & were on somewhat of a time crunch. They took note & were able to get our meal to us promptly. Most of us shared pizzas & they were excellent! Real mozzarella, tasty red sauce & fresh ingredients. One of the girls had the wood board mixture of meats, cheeses, veggies & fruits. It was such a huge plate that it could have fed the entire table of 9 as a nice appetizer. Drinks were good but as mentioned in a previous post, they should consider having another bar open on busy nights. We felt like we were crowding some of the folks who were eating at the bar while we tried to order drinks before we were seated. Overall great place!
While in town for a quick trip we stopped in to Cibo.  Thanks to Yelp we went to this quaint little off "off the beaten path" pizzeria.  At first dear husband and I were a little sad that there was no pizza on the lunch menu but reading the sandwich descriptions and seeing some plates on other diner's tables, we figured it was fate. . . My Alla Parmigiana - fried eggplant sandwich - was wonderful!  The thin crispy wood fire oven baked saltimbucco bread held the eggplant, mozzarella, parmigiana, tomato sauce and basil.  The flavors were the perfect combination of all things Italian.  Every bite was wonderful.  The house salad was the perfect pairing for a great lunch.  And we hope to get back to try the pizza soon!
absolutely love this little gem tucked away in a converted brick home in downtown Phoenix.  Sat at the bar and ordered a salad and pizza and was blown away by both.  The pizza has a crust that reminds me of a crustier version of naan with a tasty sauce (not too much) and salami/mozzarella.  . . Great patio when the weather is nice and cozy atmosphere inside.  Two thumbs enthusiastically up!
Very nice atmosphere, especially outside.  Pizza was quite good, so was desert.
Damn good food. friendly service. And not too expensive either. I will return
Okay, the only reason I'm not giving this place a complete 5 star is because of the I'm too good to be serving you waitress we got... I think she forgot she makes tips for a living or maybe she is rich and just works for the hell of it... either way, the food is fantastic and if you can avoid the brown hair girl medium length-  tall girl, your experience should be fantastic... love the way is all set up.
Just ate at Cibo for lunch. Delicious. The only reason I didn't give a 5-star was the fact that pizza wasn't on the menu for lunch. But when one door closes another opens. The food was top-notch and satisfying. Needless to say, I will be going back for dinner soon to to get the rating to a 5-star.
Cibo doesn't appear to need my review, since they have a lot of fans here and other places.  This is a good lunch spot if you can get there early enough to avoid a wait.  The patio is particularly nice when the weather permits.  I work about five blocks from here and I've only been there for lunch.  I've wanted to try dinner but something about coming all the way back downtown after I've driven home to Gilbert just doesn't appeal.  Maybe on a day off sometime.  The food is great.  I like the speck sandwich.  Speck, for the uninitiated, is just another kind of cured ham like prosciutto.  The bread is always perfectly toasted.  Currently they offer as sides a salad, fruit, or chips.  An orzo salad, a la Carly's, would be a nice addition.
I'm from New York, so you can bet the firs thing I asked everyone when I moved to Phoenix was "where should I get some good pizza?"  Everyone responded "Pizzeria Bianco!," but a few wise ones told me to avoid the crazy wait and check out Cibo.  Still haven't made it to Bianco, but why bother?  I've been to Cibo 3 times in the past few months and wouldn't have it any other way.. . The service has always been spectacular.  There's a good selection of beer and wine, and an almost impossible-to-choose-from selection of pizzas.  We're not talking New York thin-slice sauce-and-cheese, we're talking locally sourced ingredients and artful combination.  Perfect crust topped with the perfect combination of delicious meats, cheeses, and veggies galore.. . Your least favorite part of the meal will definitely be trying to pronounce the names of the pizzas.  Your favorite part of the meal might be the pizza, or it might be the ambiance (hard to decide between the cozy outside with live music and fire pit or the quaint inside that boasts everything downtown Phoenix is good at).  . . Go with a group of friends and stay a while.
Late night running around Phoenix wanted to get meal and found this place still buzzing late night.  We stopped in, it was a little cool, so we sat inside, and service was excellent.  . . We started with an Antipasto Speciale - a mixed dish with prosciutto crudo,bresaola with arugula and parmigiano, roasted red peppers with black. olives and capers, Cipolle di Rosa, fresh mozzarella and grape tomatoes served with a fantasy of olives.  This was one of the best antipasto dishes, we fought over who got the last bite.. . Next we ordered a pizza, my husband had done his homework and read the reviews, so we decided to try the Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola, mozzarella and spicy salame, thin crust, good texture, flavors were different, we ate it all.. . And finally for desert we had to try the neutela crepes, we got two, a warm crepe filled with nutella and sprinkled with powdered sugar and chocolate sauce and the Nutella and Banana - a warm crepe filled with nutella and sliced banana, topped with powdered sugar and chocolate sauce.  These were a great end to a good meal.
This is a great quasi-Italian pizzeria.  They have spectacular wood-fired pizzas with high quality ingredients.  . . We had the burrata to start with and it was great.  A huge portion at a reasonable price.. . I had the tartufata pizza.  I loved the white truffle oil.  It would have been great to have porcini mushrooms rather than cremini mushrooms, but it was great nonetheless.. . We also had the calzone and vegetarian pizzas.  They were also very good.. . The limoncello wasn't great -- they use Everclear which is too harsh of a liquor.. . They have a great selection of wines.  Good values and less common finds in the US.. . Our server was very good, it was very busy, so he wasn't always right there, but made sure that we were always taken care of and the food came out on time and hot.
Amazing specialty pizzas, great ambiance. The outdoor patio is gorgeous. The prosciutto pizza is to die for.
I'm very lucky to live right across the street from here. I think this is the local favorite when it comes to Napolentana style pizza. Bianco can stay with the tourists. I love coming home from work and smelling the wood burning from the brick oven, walking over and having an expresso at the bar or finishing the meal with an amazing limoncello. The staff are great people and the ambiance is second to none. The gnocchi is on special on Tuesdays and is absolutely to die for. Great and impressive date night.  And they have a pet!
Cibo hits all the right spots! Their pizza is some of the best I've had in the Valley- chewy, tender crust with that wood-fired taste and it's obvious that all of the toppings are high quality. . . Luckily I came here on a night when they were serving up handmade pasta and got to try the Orecchiette Bolognese which was delicious all around, perfectly sauced, and came with a small side salad. The portion was a bit small which was a tad disappointing for the $14ish price.. . We rounded up the meal with the Banana Nutella Crepe with Ice Cream...theperfectly sweet way to end the meal! Cibo has a gorgeous patio space and live music on some nights. It was a bit chilly but there were ample heaters to keep us comfortable during our meal.. . The service was a bit spotty and our waitress wasn't very sincere and seemed rushed, which was a bit irritating, but the food made up for that and that's why Cibo gets 4 stars in my book.  Will definitely be returning!
Excellent food and staff.  Food is fresh, can take a little time, but well worth the wait. Good wine list with some descent options.
Cibo is a great spot for pizza and ambiance.. . Like many successful places, sometimes service takes a hit- when it gets busy at peak times. One weak link is a male server who consistently spaces out and gets orders wrong. I am a fan of people who don't need to write down the order, but then when you get multiple things wrong- it's not so bueno. Luckily the food is so good, it eclipses occasional sub-par service.. . I recommend the Diavola pizza with anti-pasta to start. Enjoy.
4/5 solid. not gonna add any more, since there are already so many rave reviews.
I've had many excellent dinners at Cibo, and tonight's was no exception.  We started with the Antipasto Speciale, which was extraordinarily fresh and flavorful.  Likewise, the Capricciosa pizza was delicious... no complaints whatsoever about the food.  I've never had an appetizer or a pizza at Cibo that I didn't thoroughly enjoy.. . The experience is normally quite pleasant as well -- tonight, we were greeted very courteously by one of the owners and seated shortly thereafter.  Our service was rather lackluster and inattentive, but this fortunately doesn't seem to be a normal occurrence.  I look forward to visiting Cibo again upon my next visit to Phoenix, hopefully to try their new weekend breakfast!
It took me way too long to make it here.  Many years ago I was at an event where Cibo was sampling food along with many other restaurants.  They were hands down the best food I had at that event.  I took their information and planned to go there for a full meal and never did.  . I am so disappointed in myself that it took so long to get here.  I took my boss here for lunch on a beautiful Phoenix day.  It would have been great to eat outside, but we opted for inside instead.  It's an old downtown house converted, like so many awesome places downtown, into a restaurant.  It's cozy and unpretentious.  A+ for atmosphere.. Just an fyi, during lunch, pizza is not served.  That just means I have tocome back for dinner.  (Hopefully it won't take me another 5 years to do that).  At lunch, their delicious sandwiches and salads are available.  If you're not with your boss, you can also get a glass of pinot noir or chardonnay for $3.  I got a delicious lemonade and found a breakfast sandwich on the menu:  eggs, spinach, and ricotta on wood fired bread.  So good.  I got the fruit salad as my side which was yogurt, granola, and fruit.  My lunch ended up being two items I make myself for breakfast all the time, but elevated to gourmet deliciousness.  I can only strive to make my breakfast or lunch this great.  My boss got the pastrami sandwich and fruit salad and thanked me for bringing me here.. Looking at the reviews, I need to come back for dinner, brunch, and dessert.  I can't wait and definitely won't.
Got the caprese (can't go wrong)...so good!  The bread was divine.  Great tomato to cheese to basil ratio.  (very important!).  Slightly disappointed they didn't serve pizza over lunch...can't wait to try the pizza.
Very good pizza! It had a great selection of pizzas and appetizers. We would love to try their pasta nights sometime soon! Food came out fast, and the place was clean. Love the ambiance of the place and that it is a converted historic home in downtoan Phoenix. Definitely try it out!
Always a great meal. Can be a bit slow sometimes, but it was definitely worth the wait.  I wish this place would enlarge their kitchen and start producing more italian items other than pizza.  We need an excellent all around italian restaurant downtown.  You won't be disappointed in the pizza, ambiance or service here though.
I have always thought of Cibo as a perfectly fine establishment - but it is the bunch they serve on weekends that really won me over! .  . Their brunch menu conists of many egg (frittata) dishes, some crepes, and a few breakfast-style sandwiches.  Every item seemed to come with several side dishes and Nutella is always an option for your toast!! They don't have many vegetarian dishes, but what they do have they cook to perfection. .  . The thing that really gets my panties in a knot is that they charge $6.50 for a mimosa!  How is a girl supposed to nicely toasty before noon at that price?! Take note that you can order an entire glass of wine for a mere $6.
Great pizza!
Lay me down on a bed of Burrata and send me out to sea... I'll die an overly-stuffed and happy man. Add in the best tasting pizza sauce I've ever had, cute and romantic outdoor seating, and a bustling interior bursting with life and you've got a solid recipe for a wonderful four star pizza joint. Can't wait to come back.
The atmosphere was very laid back and friendly. The food was very good. They used very fresh ingredients which gets a gold star in my book.
I went here to have breakfast with a friend for the first time.  The service was very good and the waitress checked on us more than one time.  It is in a off location, doesnt stand out- look out for a house at the corner of the street.  It has indoor and outdoor sitting- which would be nice for the fall but not in the summer.  The decor inside was fitting  and menu was very simple.  We sat a rickety table, so that might need a look at, otherwise I would like to go here again for lunch or even dinner.
This historic little house has charm oozing from every wall and corner. It is set up in such a way that you feel like you're having a quaint and intimate meal at a friend's home. The husband and I found our way here for brunch on Sunday afternoon just before it closed at 2pm. Service was great and the food was delicious. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich which was tasty. I had the Prosciutto e Funghi crepes and loved it. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful. . . We were disappointed that they weren't serving pizza but we learned that they only serve pizza after 5pm. We have heard legendary things about their pizza so we will probably be back this weekend to make sure we get a taste.
I haven't been here in eons but, I am going to drag b/f here soon and see what he thinks.
Pretty good... I ordered the Margharita and the wifey had the Genova pizza, before that we shared a salad.... . Ok so the place and atmosphere was probably my favorite thing about the experience... I just like being in old buildings... this one was built in 1913... so I personally enjoyed just looking around. Plenty of seating inside or out... so thats all good.... . The food was pretty good, I would not go back to order the Margharita pizza again, but I'll definitely go back to check out the rest of the menu... just to throw this out there... there is another very well known pizza spot down the road in which I WOULD go back just to get some more of that Margharita pizza... this one is good, but not as good as the place down the road! The Genova was freakin great... pesto, mozzarella, onion, potato... kind of like we had in italy... No regrets about the food, it was good, the salad was $14 which was good, but not 14 bucks good! The pizza is worth the trip and the money. If you read my reviews i base my rating on my desire to return... i give it 4 stars because the food was good enough that I'll definitely go back to taste the rest of that good sized menu, but not 5 because it wasn't upto par with other pizza ive had around the area! . . *** i will say this though... CIbo seems more accommodating for larger parties... just sayin'.
This is a very nice place to bring a love one for a date night :). . Located in downtown Phoenix, Cibo has great customer service and their pizza is DELICIOUS!!! The only reason I gave them 4 out of 5 stars is that the price was a little high. The customer service was great and they made us feel right at home. My little sister-in-law even commented how the venue was so cute because the restaurant was inside a house.. . Great place, would recommend out-of-towners to visit this lovely place.
Great place in Phoenix, who knew? Cool ambiance at converted house. Sat on patio in spring; not too hot yet. Great meat & cheese plate, good pizzas. Only negative thing was atrocious live music. Really killed the ambiance.
Nom Nom Nom! A colleague brought me here for Lunch last week! Had the Mele Salad, so refreshing on a 116 degree day. Definitely adding to my repertoire of weekday favorites! or weeknight happy hours!
I went here for a date and I really liked the place.  The patio is very nice. I like the overall atmosphere as well. It's not your typical chain style restaurant. I think it may actually be in an old Craftsman house. . . Anyhow, the pizza is decent. It's not the best I've ever had, but I like it. The service was really good as well. Overall, I would come here again and I definitely recommend it for a date spot.. Especially when the weather is nice and you can take advantage of that glowing patio ambiance.. . The only gripe would be that after a bottle of wine and splitting a pizza, we were asked twice if we wanted another pizza. Really? 2 pizzas in one night for 2 people? Granted they are not that big, but it's 4 pieces each. . . I didn't comment on the absurdity of the suggested portions, but as we got the check the girl said something like, "guess we're eating light tonight". I really felt like saying- "no, we're not stuffing our faces tonight and instead eating appropriate portions. Though obesity is an epidemic there is an easy preventative measure that can be taken." But, I decided against being bitchy. Perhaps she can persuade other people to take the path of heart disease.
Cibo!   Eating outside is a major part of the experience even on a hot summer night in Phoenix!  Worth the dampness from head to toe.  The BONUS is sitting under the African tree with the lights and grapes with the FULL moon shining on us  ~. . Our red haired waiter sporting 1950's style glasses was fun, fun, fun and pleasingly attentive.   We had white wine;  superb choice thanks to the 4 different wine tastes I received while choosing it.  . . The strawberry/walnut salad was a bit dry, yet the feta was marvelous!  Great soft texture to melt in your mouth.  . . The pizza was the sausage and it was wood fired, nice and perfect.  Just enough food for the 3 of us ~. . So much food, just the right amount for our bellies.  For the 3 of us, the bill was only $43.00.  Not too bad on a Saturday night to go in 1/3's.. . ~ Luana Joya Lucia
Better than the best pizza in phx ; might have to wait a while ...
We have been here twice for dinner and ordered the same salad, but different pizzas. The Pesto Salad - grape tomatoes, pine nuts, roasted potatoes and parmigiano with pesto dressing. So, so, so good. The Vegetariana pizza - mushrooms, artichokes, zucchini, and red peppers in quadrants. It's like 4 different pizzas in one. The second pizza had prosciutto on it, but I can't remember the exact name. It was, as expected, delicious. I wish we could go here more often, but being downtown it's farther from us than we'd like. Overall, the food and price are comparable to our other favorite places to grab pizza. I noticed that they do brunch and I can't wait to come back!
I am happy to update my very poor review of Cibo from several months ago and get on the fan bandwagon with all of my fellow Yelpers. I also want to thank the proprietors who took my previous review seriously and encouraged me to give them another opportunity. I wish it hadn't taken me so long to get back to Cibo (life tends to get in the way!!) and believe me, it won't be long before my next visit.. . We returned for lunch today and were seated right away. The place wasn't near as busy as the last visit because many had Columbus Day off work. Our server welcomed us promptly and took our drink orders. We decided on hot sandwiches: Sicilian sausage and pulled pork. OMG - they were soooo delicious!!! The pork was lean, tender and in a wonderful spicy (but not overly) sauce. The Fontina cheese was a great touch and tasteful. The bread...ummmmm good. I'm tired of getting sandwiches on so much bread that you can't open your mouth wide enough to bite - the grilled saltimbocca bread was so good! The sausage sandwich was super flavorful with the perfect amount of peppers and onions. Again, the bread complimented the sandwich.. . The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it took a while to get our bill. While we weren't in a hurry, the server walked by our table a couple of times and didn't check in on us. As I mentioned the place wasn't overly busy at all so I would have expected a tad more attentiveness. But overall, the food was outstanding and the quaintness of the little house made for nice ambience. . . I'm not a fan of eating crow, but if I have to, I will. I bet the chef at Cibo could even make crow taste phenomenal!
The pizza is amazing! The wait staff is prompt and friendly, although sometimes I feel like there are more waiters than customers, lol. I recommend sitting outside, any room inside is incredibly loud and you have to yell across the table to have a conversation. Great little spot, though, and the food is always worth it!
Amazing meatball sandwich, real lemonaide, good service. Only complaint - it was VERY noisy inside.  If you sit outside on a nice day then you can give it 5 starts for sure.
Went on a Sunday for brunch with a couple of old friends who were in town for the sad Cardinals game.  At least brunch was wonderful.  On one of the first pleasant mornings of the fall, is there a better way to have tasty food than outside with friends.  My omelet with Schreiner's  sausage hit the spot.  A couple of other folks had the Uvoa Arizona - eggs with chorizo and green chili, which were quickly scarfed.  A mimosa topped off the morning while the friends headed to disappointment in Glendale, Gale and I treked home for an afternoon of Sunday newspapers and pleasant company.
Great atmosphere, delicious fresh food!
In the heart of downtown lies a quaint little place called Cibo. I visited this place on a Friday during lunchtime and sat outside because the weather was beautiful. Nestled in an old house off of 5th ave, this place has a lot of character. Wrought iron tables and chairs on a brick patio surrounded by green shrubs and birds a chirpin, it's got a relaxed type of vibe. Our server was cool, and did a good job of being attentive and getting out food out to us. We ordered the PLT and Salsiccia both with side house salads. The food came out a little under 10 min after we ordered! We were very impressed by that. The portion sizes were great, and I almost couldn't finish all of mine. I had always heard good things about this place and was not disappointed. Will def be back to try the pizza and wine.
I went here with a group of friends for lunch. What a treat!  The food was wonderful.  I had the Ai Spinaci, a sauted spinach, prosciutto & fontina sandwich.  A little slice of heaven.  My friends each had sandwiches (of which I can't remember) but they all liked them.. . The parking is a little rough, as there are only 6-8 spots in the lot behind the restaurant (a converted house in mid-town), but there is street parking nearby.  I suggest going early, as it is popular.  And I can see why.. . The staff was very nice, and we were seated right away on the patio.  Our glasses were always filled.. . I will be back!!!
Lunch at Cibo today. I was looking for a good pizza and Cibo came up under the top pizzas in Phx. It's been a few years since I was there and that was only to stop by for a drink. Wow, they seem to have expanded. Very nice atmosphere. Nice place to eat outside. It really wasn't pizza... More like a pocket pizza or almost a calzone. Regardless, they have a nice menu variety, reasonable wines, and the desserts look terrific (did not try). This place may move up to 5 stars after my next visit. The fact that I say "next visit" should tell you something. We really liked this place. Parking is in the street with high curbs. Watch for door scrapes unless you are driving a truck or an SUV.
Went here for the first time on a date. Cool early October evening so we sat outside. Beautiful ambience on the patio with lush trees and twinkling lights strung everywhere. There was a man playing acoustic guitar and singing . We ordered a white pizza with prosciutto, mozzarella, mushrooms, & white truffle oil, it was divine! Pizzas are good size & enough for two if you're not starving. The have a large selection of by the bottle wine & about 10 each of reds & whites available by the glass.
So I went here for my first time, on a date. It was in the evening, dark. They had candles and torches lit. Very nice ambiance. We sat outside because it was cool. The pizza and wine was amazing. I'd definitely come back for a few drinks and food.
Went here for a friend's bday and had a great time. They plugged in the lights outside as it got dark and it was so lovely. We ordered a few different salads and 3 different pizzas, along with a breaded mozzarella/rice ball paired with marina sauce as an appetizer. Everything was delicious! The salads were huge and not overly expensive considering the size. Our server (who I think was the manager possibly) was very friendly and the service was relatively fast. They brought out a massive Nutella crepe for the bday girl and the entire table promptly consumed it. Overall, wonderful evening and will definitely go back.
I loved this place!  Cute Christmas lights, indoor and outdoor seating (with heat lamps), and delicious (and strong) limoncello. Fabulous date night. My boyfriend's calzone was clearly burnt to a crisp on the top, which he took off. When the waitress came by to ask about the meal, he told her and she just said sorry. A little disappointing, but the freshness of the ingredients sang to me and my little pizza was perfect with asian pear, arugula, and gorgonzola. I liked it so much I had the left overs for breakfast the next day. I would love to go back. The crust also had the perfect bite and flavor. Yum!
This is a really nice little place located in downtown Phoenix. Parking is quite good in their private lot,but if it is full you can always park on the street around the neighborhood.. It is a house that has been changed to a lovely little eatery.. They have designed it very nicely, so it flows but, it is also private. We have been here for Brunch only.  But, the food was very good and the coffee nice and smooth. They even have raw sugar(my favourte.) . .  This place is for sure worth your time.. I would come back any time.    Prices are a little high, But that is the way it goes.
We go to Cibo to grab dinner whenever we are heading downtown for a show.  We really love this place.  It's likely that you will have a short wait for a table - and it's a tight space.But it's worth the wait!  The food is consistently excellent and the service is pretty fast.  I absolutely love their pizza and their appetizers are also delicious.  If you plan on going in a group larger than 4, send someone early to put your name in to make sure you're not waiting too long!
Saturday night was our second time at Cibo and we were NOT disappointed.  We started at Bianco and were disappointed when they told our party of 6 that it would be a 4 hour wait.  So we decided to give Cibo a shot.  Great choice.  They sat us on their beautiful patio immediately and they had live music.  James was our server and he was wonderful.  We started with the Il Tagliere and the 3 pairs of Bruschetta, amazing.  Then I think for our party of 6, we got 7 pizza's, they were all delicisous. I think everyone's favorite was the Procida, it was light and fresh and simply amazing.  I would come back here again anytime.
Good chewy pizza al fresco out on the patio. A nice neighborhood vibe going on with friendly wait staff.
One of my favorite pizza places in Phx. Comparable to PB, as many have noted, but without the wait. I love me some wood-fired pizzas and theirs is pretty legit. . . The decor is very homey and imtimate so it's suitable for date nights. They also have yummy crepes for dessert, so get that if you're not stuffed.
Pizza and salads for dinner, sandwiches and salads for lunch - what's not to love?. . We love brining people here. The atmosphere is great and when the weather is nice you can sit outside!  (It's a little too dark to see the menus but the atmosphere is great.). . We usually get the margherita pizza. For lunch I get the smoked salmon sandwich.  Both are yummy!
This is some of the most authentic Italian pizza I've had in Phoenix The crust is baked to perfection, and the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. . . I've been twice and enjoyed the romantic courtyard seating both times.  It's perfect for a date night, but also great for a dinner with friends and family. . . As for portion size, the pizzas are big enough to split, especially if you get an appetizer. Save room for dessert as well! Last time I was looking for something smal and tried the cioccolatino--it was amazing! . . The only thing I would hope for is a more expanisve menu--maybe offering the sandwiches for dinner as well. Cibo does mean "food" in Italian, after all. :) I'd love to see what their pasta would be like!
In town for a very short trip when a local recommended Cibo.  It never ceases to amaze me that Phoenix is right there with NY & CT when it comes to pizza.  There has to be something in the water in that town.. . The spot is in a nice residential area.  I was seated immediately.  I really love the flexibility with the pizza.  Unlike other pizza joints, they allowed me to split my pizza so that I could try different flavors.  I went with a 1/2 Salsiccia - tomato sauce, sausage and mozzarella and 1/2 Tartufata - mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and a drizzle of white truffle oil after the pizza is cooked.  It is everything it had be billed. . . Service was attentive.  Price was very reasonable for what I got.  Worth the drive.
We went to Cibo for the first time with a group before the Lady Gaga concert.  It was my first time and I was very curious since I hadn't realized it until we went there that this had been suggested by another friend a few weeks earlier.  Cibo is just west of Central Ave and very close to ASU Downtown and the Light Rail. . Phoenix loves their "Housetaurants" Former houses turned restaurant. For this place, it works.  Walking up, theentire "front yard" is the patio seating.   Very cute setting lined with table umbrellas.  The lighting was enough to be comfortable in the setting and made it cozy.   It was charming.  If our friends had not been their before us, I would have suggested we sit outside.  It was super cute.  . We get in and we were seated in the back, a little pocket in the back of a long room.  I guess it was becuase of the size of our group.  . After looking over the menu, most of us decided to go with individual pizzas.  I got the Margarita pizza.  When i got it, it was delish!  It was pretty large for an individual so you might be taking some home.  We also got the Ostia Salad.  Wonderful flavors and the sharpness of the cheese shaved on it was a great start to the meal. . One thing that was slightly off was the service.  When we got there, it was pretty empty and we were one of 2 tables in that section.  Our waitress, while knowledgeable of the items, always seemed like she was in a rush and really didn't give us the time.  My friend asked her a question and then when she took a second to make her decision she said "Ok, well I'm going to have to come back to you, and went on to taking the rest of our orders.  It was kind of the tone and the fact she seemed rushed.  She also didn't visit the table as much as she should in my oppinon, especially since we were stuck in the back corner.  Then at the end of the meal, we saw why.  18% auto gratuity.  It never fails big group, poor service.  It wasn't bad enough to not go back, and like I said she was knowledgeable of the menu, but her overall attitude seemed like we were an inconvenience to her. Maybe she was missing the concert because she had to work? :)   Oh well, no big deal, we would definitely go back!
Come for the pizza and stay for the atmosphere. I would wager that everything on the menu is awesome but I've only been here two times now and both times I have gotten the pizza and a salad.  The Genova pizza is so good.  Its mozzarella, fresh basil and roasted potatoes.  Seriously, once you sink your teeth into it you realize what a good decision you made.  I also had the margarita pizza and it was excellent as well.  The outside seating area is so relaxing on a nice night.  It really has the whole romantic Italian restaurant thing going on and they have really good prices on beer also.  I was surprised that one of my favorite beers was available and even more surprised about the price.  I would recommend this place if you want an authentic Italian experience in a great environment.
Best tasting pizza in Phoenix,  room was small, could not even hear waitress talk, but food was great
I am going to be nice and give 4 stars, based on potential, on what was really a three star experience.  We are out of towners craving Pizza.  We Yelp the area and were impressed with the reviews for Cibos.  We pull up to what looks to be a house converted into Pizza Restaurant.  We likey.  It is a Sunday a little past standard lunch time 1:30ish so we didn't have to wait...oh wait I think you accidentally gave us the Breakfast menu, where is the Pizza?.  "uh...well no, actually we don'thave Pizza on Sundays until 5PM.  HUH?  Eggs? at 1:30PM on a Sunday?  Maybe 10 years ago when I was single and I slept in until Noon but I ate breakfast HOURS ago.  There were three sandwich selections for lunch and one was almond butter and jelly.  I settled on a grilled Prosciutto sandwich.  If I wasn't craving awesome pizza I would have loved it.  The bread was insane.  Freshly baked to order in their wood burning oven.  The entire family loved their food.  The service was an A+.  The Waitress was really nice and sorry about the no Pizza on Sundays until 5PM thing.
Today was my first time at Cibo for lunch after several years of heading there for dinner.  I prefer the lunch menu.  The hot lunch sandwiches are amazing, we had the pulled pork and fried eggplant.  I very small salad comes on the side (it could use more dressing and less large onions.)  All the tables have umbrellas or are in the shade so it is a great spot to enjoy the beautiful March weather.
Hands down, best gluten-free pizza in my 6 years of gluten free.
This place is romantic.. Seriously. . Reese Witherspoon movie romantic.. Housed inside a lovely old home.  Nice little garden out front, with twinkling lights strung over head. . If you recently messed up with your lady friend, a bottle of wine on this patio and prior transgressions will be forgiven.. And you know what? The food is good! Really good.  All fresh, home made pasta, fire oven pizza's, everything made with care and attention to detail.  . Parking can be a hassle, but worth it.
I am a fan, period. I wish someone would take me here, but I might just go alone or with my mom... Hah.
A little bit of a wait, but a must on the eats list! All fresh& quality!
Went here before a comedy show! Great food and atmosphere.
Great vibe at the restaurant and excellent service.  My friends and I had a flight to catch and asked the waitress to expedite our order.  Food was out very quick and we were done with our dinner with time to spare.  Food was good also.  Loved their thin crust pizzas!
This little gem in downtown phoenix is easy to overlook. Located in what appears to be another house in a residential area but is actually a quiet Italian restaurant. The place is nestled behind a row of trees that afford some privacy for the patio diners. . The menu is mostly comprised of pizzas but it offers a wide selection of both red and white sauce varieties.  There is also a decent selection of salads to accompany your meal.  Tonight I shared a salad with goat cheese strawberries and cartelized walnuts. Very delicious combination.  For dinner I had a red sauce pizza with artichokes, prosciutto and olives(whole). Quite a scrumptious flavor explosion. I didn't sample the desert menu which is made up of crepes of various flavors, although most of them entail Nutella. . The servers were extreme knowledgeable about the menu and provided excellent service.  Although I have to admit that the service was a little slow at the end. Overall this was a great place to spend a dinner with friends and celebrate a birthday.
Such a cute little place. We really enjoyed the pizza.
While a little difficult to find and park, this place is great.  I love the atmosphereand the pizza is good and has unique topping combinations.  The deep-fried cheese balls are a great appetizer as well.
Ahh...Cibo...such a great restaurant and one of my top five pizza joints in the Valley.  Great atmosphere, the service is stupendous and the food is to die for.  Why no pizza at lunch though?
First visit and I have to say, the food was outstanding and the ambiance was perfect.. . I had heard good things about Cibo in the past so I was a bit confused by the less-than-stellar reviews showing up lately but decided to give it a chance anyway and I couldn't be happier I did. The evening's weather was beautiful so my date and I sat out on the patio. Twinkling string lights and lush plant life complimented by the trickling of a few water features really helped set the mood. Giving the patio almost a Naples feel to it. . . We decided to order the caprese salad to split and a couple pizzas (one veggie, one mushroom) to share. First out came the salad and I was already impressed after the first bite. The tomatoes were sweet and juicy and the mozzarella tasted so fresh I swear I heard it moo. Next came the pizza. Now, understand, I consider myself a bit of a pizza snob so It takes a pretty good pie to impress me. That being said, Cibo impressed the hell out of me! The crust was airy and elastic with that perfect rustic baking taste. Again, the fresh mozzarella and ripe tomatoes made an appearance and with the addition of our toppings I was a happy man. I only wish I wasn't such a hog so I could have saved some for lunch the next day. . . The only reason I couldn't give Cibo a five star rating was the service. Although our server was as nice and the food came out timely, there was a definite lack of attention. We were in a bit of A time crunch and I had to end up tracking her down to ask for the tab, then again to actually pay it. That being said, everyone has their off nights and the food was so delicious that I well be back many times.
Right off the bat when you pull up to Cibo, you get the feeling that this will be a different experience.  It's located in a what looks like a residential neighborhood, with older nicely kept homes around it.  . . They have a very nice patio with a cool ambiance to it, right off the street but not noisy. And lots of heaters on the patio.. . The inside of the place is really cool as it's an old bungalow house, with very few apparent modifications, so it retains the original charm.. . Service was very good, with great knowledge of the menu and ingredients, since there were definitely some things on the menu I didn't know about.  The server was attentive, but not overly so.  Given their menu, I think they're aware that people often have take a bit longer to decide what to order.. . And of course the food... . Awesome antipasto, fresh ingredients, a REAL Italian menu.. . This would be a good place to bring people from out of town to show them we have some cool ambiance and great food right in central Phoenix.
We used to live a block away from Cibo. It was our go-to pizza place and for good reason; it's delicious! Their Margherita pizza is divine, and only $10! Writing this review makes me want to go back, like, NOW for the Funghi or the Vegetariana. Think about it, you're dropping the same amount of money on a quality, fresh pizza as you would at some crap joint. . . This place can get real busy, so we usually do take out. I remember it being warm inside during the Summer months, but there's no way to escape that when you go to a small restaurant that has its doors open.
I enjoyed my 2 visits here; both were during lunch. The place was packed inside so I decided to find a nice shady spot on the patio. Both meals I had were very good, the Apple salad was delicious! A 5-Star for me and served with some fresh baked bread (that the birds were demanding from me throughout the entire meal). The next day I tried the personal pizza; the crust was nice and crispy but to me the sauce seems a little too bland... maybe a 3-Star rating. I'm a big pizza fan so I'm quite picky with my pizza. . Overall it was a nice place; great patio space with lots of nature (aka - attack of the tiny birds LOL). Parking is the biggest problem here... I had to circle the block 3 times looking for a curbside spot and I still had to walk about 3 minutes to the place.
Pizza and salad were great!  Sandwiches are really good as well.  Good atmosphere and nice staff.
Went here on a date a while back with the lady. The food was delicious and it was served quickly. They had a pretty solid craft beer selection too. I'd definitly go back.
I like Cibo better than Bianco as a restaurant, but Chris's pie is still better by a nose. Cibo has bad parking, nice ambience, spotty service, good menu, fresh, highquality ingredients, and good value. Translates to hit the off hours, get a pie, order the antipasto, and have a Nutella desert
The lunch menu is good and the fruit salad with the sandwich makes an awesome duo. It's a little pricy, but well worth it.
The food was AWESOME, but the service was awful! Both my dad and I agree that we have never been treated so poorly by a waiter. The banana nutella crepes and pizza will keep me coming back though!
This place has great pizza.  I enjoyed the Genova (at least I am pretty sure that is the name of the pie) and it was wonderful... totally different, it had pesto, with potato and onion... Excellent.  Overall the experience was great, we visited on a Saturday night and it was very loud in the restaurant, especially because the walls are all stone and there is zero sound absorption... so it was near impossible to hear the people of my party.  Overall I would go back.
Pizza... delicious.  Absolutely delicious.. Cool factor... check.  Awesome ambiance... old house... excellent outside seating. Service... great!  . . Cibo has my favorite pizza in PHX.  Everything I've ever had there has been great.  I highly recommend checking them out.
Love the food and the ambiance here. I think it's truly a super cool neighborhood place to hang out and eat good food and just have fun
Been here a few times in the last couple years. Always solid and never had a problem. Very cute date spot, actually the bf took me here on our first date, big points! I recommend the capricciosa(sp?) pizza and a nutella crepe with strawberries.. . Parking is off the street and there will probably a wait, but it will be worth it
Always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I do wish they had ranch.
Delis ish Pizza, dessert crepes, wine and fun environment. Def recommend for date night, anniversaries or whatever.
I love the building and the ambience of the restaurant.  A great place for a business lunch.  We did arrive early to get a table for six.  The staff was friendly and helpful when looking at the menu.  Some coworkers ordered the couscous salad, I had the pastrami and onions hot sandwich. Really good.  Lots of meat, cheese and onions.  I will need to come back and try the pizzas and salads.  Price is decent and our glasses were always full.
I went with a party of 5 later one evening. The place was busy, but service was really quick. Despite being a larger party, everything went smoothly.. The pizza was great! I love when you can taste a bit of the char on the bottom of the crust. It was also a little chewy on the edges, which is my favorite way to have pizza. I don't eat all of the crust, usually, but that night I did!
Great food.
This past weekend my good friend recommended Cibo to me because I'm a huge fan of pizza! So I said let's give it a shot.. . Cibo is located in a residential area so parking is limited around the neighborhood. As walked up to the restaurant I became very impressed with outside seating setup. Very intimate with a romantic feel. . . When I walked in to be seated I was greeted right away. This is always a plus for me. The setup inside is nice. There are dinning areas in each room of the house with awesome art work hanging from the walls.. . Now for the main attraction! The PIZZA WAS THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD!!. He waitress was very kind and helpful. She made great recommendations and I was also impressed with the cheese ball appetizers. I really love cheese... Lol. The pizza was cooked to perfection. I had one sidethat was a kind of cheese pepperoni and the other covered in bruschetta. Awesome choice I really recommend. . . I will defiantly be back to donate more money!
Great date night spot.  Casual and warm.  Pizza is solid.
The best and authentic pizza place in town.
I have been hearing about the great cuisines in Phoenix and decided to come to this popular Italian restaurant to get a first impression. Located in a house with a spacious front patio, the interior encompassed a full bar area, breakout dining rooms, hardwood floors, and red brick walls. A friendly staff, constant foot traffic, and opportunities for people watching added to the festive, home-like atmosphere. I came here for dinner with a group of five that included fellow Yelpers Fia R, and Kurdy S, and decided to order antipasti and two pizzas to share. . . For antipasti, we went with the server's recommendation and ordered the Burrata ($14). The platter came with fresh mozzarella, balsamic drizzles, razor thin prosciutto, and toasted bread. I was impressed by the mozzarella, as it was light, airy, flavorful, and easy to spread across the warm crusty bread. The gentle flavors between the balsamic and prosciutto went hand in hand, as they complemented the mozzarella and bread without hindering it. This is a must get for those visiting for the first time. . . Next, we shared the half Diavola and half Magherita Pizza ($13). The Diavola was pleasantly spicy, as the pizza was inspired by the centrality of spicy salame embedded in mozzarella and tomato sauce. I also enjoyed the Margherita, as the light tasting tomato sauce, mozzarella, and fresh basil were spot on delicious. One noteworthy limitation regarding their pizza was the soft crust. It had a nice flavor but the texture was also flimsy and unexpected. . . Finally, we shared a half Procida and half Tartufata Pizza ($14). The Procida came with mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, Asian pears, chopped arugula, goat cheese and black pepper. The goat cheese flavor was very sharp, so I didn't particularly enjoy it as much as the other finesse tasting pizzas. The Tartufata arrived with mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and white truffle oil drizzles. I enjoyed the smoky flavor stemming from the pizza, but the combination of strong-flavored white truffle oil and cheese didn't go particularly well for me. . . 3.5 stars. Overall, it was a delicious meal with plenty to rave about. I suggest interested diners to be aware of possible long waits, especially for those arriving later in the evening. Additionally, I also would not suggest this place to those who have a strong preference for thin, crispy crust pizzas. Their desserts were also limited to crepes, which we didn't care for on that particular evening. I must say, the place is great for dates, but the noise level can be pretty loud. Despite these limitations, our water was constantly refilled, and we were attended to frequently without much interruption. It was a great way to start a new journey in Phoenix. I hope to find the perfect crust in the area before coming back.
The food was quite good as was the service. Will definitely be back.
Great spot for some outdoor dining. Whatever else you do, make sure you order the burrata appetizer at Cibo. Just order it. Go. Hurry.
Great lunch spot away from Downtown Phoenix.  I love their salads!
I love Cibo!!! They have this delicious salad with a pesto dressing and I add their tuna on it. MMMMM Their tuna salad is not like regular tuna salad, because they don't use any mayo. They use olive oil and spices, so it is healthier, but still has a lot of flavor. I have had their pizza before and it is very good as well. Great place and prices for happy hour. I would definitely recommend everyone try Cibo. :)
Cibo is a great place for nice dinner!! Compared to Bianco, Cibo has a more local and intimate vibe. Also, they have a bigger selectionof pizzas and unlike Bianco, they have other traditional italian entrees (They have homemade pasta on some nights!). When I went it was busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. The servers are dressed really casually, but a lot of the people eating were dressed up. It's kind of a casual place but if you dressed up you wouldn't feel weird. . . Bianco is the place to try for pizza in Phoenix, of course, but Cibo is just as good...especially if you are looking for something other than pizza too!
yum! I can only attest to the pizza; seriously, try the anchovies! delicious
I'm glad I found Cibo while visiting Phoenix! My co-worker and I went on a Wednesday evening around 6 and had no wait/crowd. I love that their happy hour runs until 7. We had wine and the meatballs (fabulous!). Then had dessert before dinner with the fried dough balls that we dipped in Nutella. Loved it! For dinner we shared the Prosciutto pizza and the Diavalo pizza and both were fantastic! It's is cute little rustic place with a beautiful patio. It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
One of the best patios down town. They have wonderful appetizers, anti pasta, and unique pizzas. Great place to hang out for the evening with friends. Friendly staff.
The pizza's are inventive and really really tasty. I personally think it makes Pizzeria Bianco look overrated.  The location isn't in the historic district, but there's a larger patio, and the inside of the building is simply more comfortable in my opinion. I personally really like this spot in Phoenix. I can also personally recommend it as a great double- or triple-date spot!. . Family friendly, yuppie friendly, hipster friendly, all with good wine and good food. Walking distance from downtown venues and clubs, it's a great way to kick your night off with good taste and class. If you're a pizza fan, and you're in Phoenix, this would be the place I'd call a "don't miss."
We've been to Cibo twice, both on Saturday afternoons for late lunches after perusing galleries like the goddamned refined culture vultures we are. . . So yes, of course after 700+ reviews, you're going to know the product is amazing. It just IS. I've not yet subjected myself to the wait of Bianco but I can't imagine it's leaps and bounds better than Cibo. Cibo is dreamy.. . First off: I want to plan a fantasy fairy wedding party in their front courtyard on a cool spring night. It's just so cute and perfect! The twinkle lights and the wrought iron and the fountains and everything is awesome. Too bad both times we've been there it was approx 48403 degrees out. Sometime soon.. . Second off: The food is just sublime. What I've partaken in.... . - Sardegna salad - "baby spinach topped with goat cheese, carmelized walnuts, and sliced strawberries with prosecco dressing" The salad was dressed lightly, the walnuts were plentiful, the strawberries were JUICEAAAAY! A perfect way to start a lunch (along with a glass of bubbly). . -Genova pizza - "mozzarella, homemade basil pesto, roasted potatoes, white onions and grated parmigiano" HELLO, YES, I LOVE YOU. I saw a few reviews wishing the potatoes were thinly sliced, rather than the small cubes, but it just seemed perfect to me. The gooey fresh mozz andpesto were the perfect blanket of taste under the potatoes and onion. The crust is wood-fired perfection. . -Their take on the Margherita: Simple and classic. That's all there is to say. Mine had the perfect amount of basil and again, the charred underneath of the crust was on point.. . So why 4 and not 5 stars if the food and ambiance seems so flawless? I just got the sense (on both visits) that the staff just didn't care to be there. I understand, late lunch is kind of annoying time to be working, especially on the weekends. But I mean...on our second trip our server came to our table chewing on a mouthful of food. What? Wait times just seem a LITTLE steep., especially with only one or two other tables occupied at both times. One time we got bread, one time we did not. I just wish things were a little more streamlined and a little more careful. I love places that let the staff be laid-back and casual...as long as their job is done. You know? . . In any case, it certainly won't stop us from visiting again. The food is too good to not! We'll make sure to make our next trip a dinner event in normal dinner times to see if things shape up just a few tiny notches in order to bump them up to 5 stars!
Cibo's pies are ambrosial. . Wood fired, thin crusted and a chewy crumb all combine to produce a pizza that will rival any of the famous New York eateries, including Rays. Their pies in a word are simply delectable.. . Situated in a 1913 ranch house, your seating options are limited to:. . * Small bedrooms, appointed similarly to a 1913 small bedroom; about a half dozen .    tables with about 15-20 people to a room. If you want an intimate experience, these.    rooms aren't the place. Despite their talking softly, I still overheard the next table's.    plans for In Vitro, and since my wife was absent any form of communication, I .    can proudly say I know just about all there is to know about In Vitro fertilization..    Thanks bunches to you two for speckling my lunch with all your sperm speak.. . * The bar area is also small but quaint and nicely appointed. I'm guessing you need .    to time your arrival with the exact moment they unlock their doors if you have.    any designs on bar-flying it. . . * The patio area, where no misters abound, is certain to transform your date into .    a sweaty Betty just moments after being seated. Perfect for old hippie chicks who .    still sport patchouli as their primary cleansing function.. . Cibo's parking is limited. Your choices are street parking or street parking. And remember, you're in downtown Phoenix...the same streets playing host to every ass-wart of societal humanity, so be sure to lock your car, set your alarm, and put your valuables in the trunk. . . Overall, Cibo wins high praises for its fare, despite its quirkiness, lack of parking, and low sperm count patronage.
Much better than Pizzeria Bianco!  Cibo is a great date spot.
The food is outstanding, as well as the service!
Love this place. The atmosphere is so nice and relaxing. I love the outdoor seating with the lighting in the trees. The food is very good, though honestly I've had better brick oven pizza. Appetizers are excellent. Desserts are fantastic and come in large portions. I mostly come for the environment though!
Bend over backward service! Margherita pizza to die for. Great wine selection. Good ambiance. YUM!
Not too long of a wait.  Super cute little renovated bungalow downtown.  Pizza crust was thin and chewy.  We got the white pizza with mushrooms, prosciutto, and truffle oil and the salami pizza with spicy marinara and both were very good.
I have been going to Cibo pronounced "CHEE-boh"over the years. I love the unique space being located inside a house (restored 1913 bungalow), with wood floors.... gives this place a warm inviting atmosphere. The owners are often there, friendly and staff is cool, helpful..... The outside patio area is beautiful on a nice night, white lights decorate the trees adding to the ambiance and coziness of the place. I always enjoy ordering the antipasto for two to share, a pizza or two, some wine and the amazing marscapone desert. Just wish they were open for dinner on Sunday. Check this place out sometime for a unique experience.
What a quaint place with good food. . . Friday night is hard to get a dinner table anywhere and Cibo is not the exception.. . They don't take reservations so be ready to wait.  . . The place is cozy with a great vibe and great service. While I was waiting I was grated by every server who walked by me. They looked sincerely friendly and polite. One of the waitress with short hair and a long skirt had a gorgeous smile and was super kind, unfortunately my table was in a different table. Next time I'll try to get a table in her section :-). . The food was pretty good. I had the Omero salad. Goat cheese and strawberries among other great ingredients/ It was really good. Nice serving size too.. . I also has the funghi pizza. Very tasty and a perfect serving.. . Not sure about the prices since I didn't pay.. . This place worth the visit for sure.. . Cheers
I've never had a bad experience at this place.  And it is so quaint and wonderful.  I go probably for the atmosphere more than for the food (although the food is wonderful as well).  My one thing would be that because I try to steer clear of pork, maybe more chicken or fish plate options might be nice?
Cibo's is SO good! They're pizza is delicious! -1 star for customer service. Kinda slow and not very personable but still nothing too bad. LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
So delicious. I love the seating at Cibo - spacey and comfortable. Staff is efficient and service is good.. . Brunch is wonderful - it doesn't get too crowded, and the frittatas are like clouds made of eggs. The serving size is good, and the marmalade is out of this world. I don't even like marmalade,but I could eat this all day, every day, forever.. . . Desserts are pretty Nutella heavy, so if you want something else, you might be out of luck. I thought the tiramisu was pretty good, and the strawberry crepes are great (again, if you like Nutella).. . Pizzas are beautiful. I would prefer the crust to be a tiny bit crisper, but it's a minor complaint. I do prefer coming here over Pizzeria Bianco - much less waiting time, and better service with very comparable food.. . Seriously, give Cibo a try.
Bianco will always be a step ahead. =/
If you cannot get into Pizza Bianco, come over to Cibo, or come to Cibo first and enjoy the great pizza, sandwiches, and soups made here. The ambiance here is great.  It occupies an old home built in the early 1900's and a patio that makes you feel like home. Went one Tuesday Pasta night which used to occur weekly and still does I hope and had the best pasta since my trip to Italy.  A hidden gem in downtown Phoenix.
Fresh food leaves me feeling light and refreshed every time
Cibo is just a couple blocks from my office and I have to say it's some damn good pizza. I visited there with a couple work buddies for their birthday party a couple months ago. The owners were there hobnobbing with the patrons as the passed out FREE Margherita pizza and two dollar beers. Good beer too! I got a Lagunita's Little Sumpin. . . Aside from their awesome basically free birthday bash I have been several times before.. . The starters are delicious and usually change with the season's (I believe). The charcuterie plate isa great way to get your night going with some red wine. It's called Il Tagliere and it really gets me going. The other starters are great too (honestly the starters are better than the pizza). . The pizza is delicious but not my favorite in the valley. They do Neapolitan style with a nice sweet dough that is a little chewy. I really can't say much about the pizza besides the fact that it is really good but i prefer the  za's at POMO, Bianco, and strangely La Grande Orange. That being said I have only tried the margherita and the fresco.... . ALSO! If you happen to be there when they are serving pasta, ditch the pizza and get the pasta you will not regret it.
Awesome pizza...and burrata! Unfortunately they were out last time I was there. I would come to phx just for that cheese.
Like anyone from New York I enjoy a good slice of pizza. There is something in the water of Manhattan that makes a good pizza. . . This place isn't so bad compared to what I have at home. I know my pizzas and this place measured up to what I was really craving. . . The ingredients were fresh and dough was soft. There was a crisp to the crust that added to the texture of the bread. It was all this while enjoying the atmosphere created by the polite and helpful team of waiters. . . If didn't have to go back to New York, I would hangout here more often.
I love the ambiance and the food! Last night was my second time to Cibo and they have yet to disappoint. I've enjoyed dinner on both the patio and inside, and both are equally charming. Great place for a date night if that's what you're looking for. The only reason I rated this experience a 4 out of 5 is because of the time it took for the server to take our orders and bring our check. (We were headed to an event downtown after dinner and were limited on time)
Easy in and easy out, this place has good service and has a very nice facility. My experience was just in line with what I had expected. Check em out if your ever in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.
(Pronounced chee-boh) - Unique pizzas, calzones and salads...and a dessert menu that is 95% Nutella...Yummo!  A beautifully lit patio for dining, which we very much enjoyed this time of year!. . I had the Procida pizze bianche...Mozzarella, prosciutto, Asian pears, arugula, and goat cheese.  Paired with a Pecorino white wine, it was a melody of flavors in my mouth!  I wish I could've eaten the whole thing in one sitting, but you get a lot for the money and I had to take half to go.. . Why four stars and not five?  Service was not bad, but not impeccable either.  Parking isn't that great and it's a small place.  However, I don't know about you, but I go to a place for food and service...not available parking.  ;-). . I will definitely go back...especially because I didn't have room for dessert!  Maybe I'll start with that next time...
great atmosphere.... great pizza... delicious wine!
Food was amazing and the atmosphere is perfect. Great place to go on dates, birthdays, gatherings, etc. The service was spot on but it did take a little time to get waiters attention because of busy it could get. He still did a very good job of attending to us and answering any questions we had. The pizza is to die for
Went to Cibo after an event downtown.  Did not have an issue with seating since we arrived early.  Service was very good and efficient.  Food arrived quickly.  Loved the cozy bungalow setting of the restaurant.. . We tried the T&K salad and the Salsiccia Con Patate (sausage and roasted potato) pizza.  Liked the ingredients of the salad made of spinach, oranges, cranberries, pumpkin seeds and goat cheese.  The dressing was not as flavorful as I expected.  Maybe it was the bowl it was served in.  Dressing was at the bottom and was not tossed well with the salad which made the spinach very bland.. . Pizza and the dough was delicious.  My one criticism I have as with all other sausage pizzas from other establishments is how much they skimp on the sausage.  Definitely should be more when you are paying $14.5 for a pizza.  I would also slice the potatoes on the pizza instead of diced.. . Will definitely return totry the other pizzas.
Good food and good atmosphere. I love the patio area, quaint and inviting,
Pizza is not to shabby here. I like it better than Bianco and in some ways is comparable to a New York slice. But definitely a good decision to check out CIBO if you're in the mood for a good pizza in Phoenix! One key to good pizza is the dough and the crust is soft!. . Great atmosphere, ambiance, quaint any time of the year. Love the outdoor seating on the patio with fire areas, live music and an assortment of lights. Service was okay, I had an empty water the whole meal. . . I would definitely come back here and try some other pizzas and maybe an entree. For dessert, we had the strawberry banana crepe with Nutella - I mean a crepe with chcoclate, yum. But they were out of their other chocolate dessert :( Let me rewind back to appetizer, caprese salad is enough for a handful of people. The mozzarella tossed with pesto, oregano, EVOO, chopped fresh basil and grape tomatoes is absolutely scrumptious. . . Check it out !
Cibo is a fantastic dinner spot with a beautiful garden and excellent pizza. It's easy to get a table on almost any week night. The pizza is solid, and there are a variety of choices with sauce and without sauce. Great place to take a date or just to have a quiet dinner with friends. The federal law clerk crowd loves it here.
Very quaint restaurant in historic Phoenix. Pizza are excellent, however could use more toppings. Great atmosphere
Before I found out "Cibo" means "food" in Italian, I thought it was a Mexican restaurant, deceived by its extraordinarily cute exterior. . . Cibo is, on the most part, a pizza place. The parking lot is full of very nice BMWs and Audis. So it must have done something right.. . The pizzas at Cibo remind me a lot of those at La Grande Orange: gourmet toppings, thin sourdough crust, and fragrant cheese. We ordered three pizzas for the table, all tasted great, except that... they were awfully similar. . . Granted, I probably shouldn't expect too much of a variety when we were having pizzas (for a birthday celebration), but I was hoping for something life-changing, like the slice of pizza I had in Rome. Well, Cibo is no food hauled from Rome for sure, but it is nonetheless a good place to chill and get solid food in central Phoenix.
If it wasn't for the long wait and wobbly tables, I'd give this place 5 stars. The staff are quick, friendly, and get your orders right. Their tea is absolutely delicious (and I don't even like iced tea). The complimentary valet is awesome too! I come back for their omero salad, margherita pizza, and last but absolutely not least their crepes. Holy smokes are they good! Your bill will be no less than $60 for 2 but it is most definitely worth it!
