Full review at the Blog - high points below:. . "Dirty Chips" consisted of a large pile of house cut kettle chips topped with bits of crispy house cured bacon, tomatoes, chopped scallions, chunks of blue cheese, blue cheese dressing, and fried chicken livers.  Never one to eat processed snack foods this was a rare experience for me with potato chips (or popcorn) and although the others ate more than myself, I loved the way the crisp chips held up to the ample toppings and despite the sheer gluttons of the dish the flavor profile was nicely balanced, albeit quite heavy.. . "Grichebactom."  Described as the "workman's" grilled cheese I'm not so sure many "workmen" find this in their lunchbox, but the combination of grilled sourdough, creamy brie cheese, double smoked bacon, andfresh tomatoes with a side of skinny fries was certainly delicious.  Using the fries largely as a delivery mechanism for Chef English's signature ketchup and BBQ sauce the chunky ketchup was outstanding, loaded with smoke and garlic while the BBQ was a tad sweeter than I'd prefer.  . . BLT Sliders with Nueskes bacon, roma tomato, maple aioli, and skinny fries. Served as three buttery rolls loaded with supple bacon, sweet tomatoes, and crisp lettuce the aioli was actually quite mild and more hickory than maple.  Another large portion considering the price and ingredients a whole sandwich ended up packed to go home along with most of the fries.. . Duck buns - a rather Asian inspired dish placing confit leg in an aromatic and sweet hoisin sauce on steamed buns, my first bite was good - the confit excellent.  Next adding the cucumber slaw and cool yogurt sauce, this is where the buns truly shined - as good as any steamed bun I've had, whether Dim Sum or David Chang.. . Lobster Poppie with yorkshire pudding, creamy corn, and brown butter lobster.  Essentially a pot pie with a significant portion of buttery fresh lobster baked atop flaky pastry and dressed In chipotle sauce and house made sweet cream corn the flavors were excellent, though the chipotle was a tad overwhelming in bites where too much had soaked into the pastry.  Listed as a sharable appetizer I'm not sure how well this would divide as it was rather small, but as a main course it would satisfy most.. . Mona's bread pudding with English toffee sauce, salted caramel ice cream, cap'n crunch.  A large brick of lovely custardized bread with a bruleed top, the bread pudding itself was loaded with cinnamon, sugar, and rum.  Resting in a boozy toffee sauce that tasted largely butterscotch and topped with whipped cream and salty caramel ice cream the dish was finished with a playful handful of children's cereal.  Intensely sweet but subtle in the way all the ingredients contributed to the overall flavor the dish was simple and wonderful. . "Ninja Snacks," a plate of eight crispy wontons filled with nutella and banana served with "ninja sauce" that tasted quite similar to my English toffee.  Naming issues aside, the wontons themselves were excellent and absolutely stuffed with filling.  Using sliced banana instead of a puree lent texture beyond the crispy wrappers and while the sauce wasn't necessary it certainly didn't hurt.. . "The Elvis," a dish described as pound cake, peanut butter, bruleed bananas, maple bacon and served with a shirley temple.  Delivered as two "sandwiches" utilizing pound cake as the bread it really isn't that the dish was poorly designed as it was that the cake was simply too dry.  Tasty otherwise, especially the bacon/maple/banana/peanut butter combination, the Shirley Temple was very sweet and obviously added more for kitsch than flavor.  The chocolate covered peanut was also quite tasty.. . Chocolate Rendezvous, would essentially represent a chocolate creme brulee topped with peanut butter mousse, topped with marshmallow, and then finished in the oven.  A parfait of sorts with different textures as the spoon proceeded downward the dish was actually too large for something so rich...like the bread pudding and ninja snacks it was a dessert that could have easily been shared, and so it was.. . In a city where the rich and the poor are quite well represented (The amenities, the shopping, the restaurants, and the patrons) it is nice to see there are some places still targeting the "middle" and doing a good job with a "something for everyone" approach.  Above average food made from above average ingredients in a nice space at below average prices should keep Mr. English's P.U.B in business for quite some time, especially if a whole meal can be had at the price of a pair of socks at the shopping center next door.
I've been curious to try Todd English's food for some time now...and I finally got my chance!. . After seeing him on the pilot run for Iron Chef America and on Top Chef..I always wanted to see what all the hooplah was about....I have to say...I was impressed.... . Before coming to this place.....it was between Bezo, the Tapas place or this....something about the smell coming from this Pub called to us so here we went hah..... . And we totally weren't disappointed....loved the sknny fries.....burgers were amazing....heck even the pickled vegetables were tasty...who would have thought pickled veggies would be scarfed down in a matter of seconds =P. . I ended up ordering the Lobster Rolls with the butter aoli.....man soooooo good!! Guess it was all that darn butter ha.... . Oh the servers were quite good looking too....well one of the guys looked like a legal Taylor Lautner lol....our server was this tall lean guy....really pleasant and had great customer service...did I mention he was cute ^_^. . Anyhoo...I'll stop rambling ha....try this place if you want to see a sports game or just go for a nice relaxing time with good folks  =)
I loved it here mostly because I was not paying for anything and 20 people ran a $1800 tab but. the drinks were great and the food was pretty good. Do get!! Dirty Chips, Mac and cheese, Pretzels, and Duck Buns.. I had the brisket platter and it was soso but I was so full from appetizers and drinks they did not get full respect. . . If you can pound a pint in 7 seconds it is free and they have nickel PBR on tuesday. So I will be back! . I loved it and I love Aria!
My wife and I had lunch here after a long walk down the strip from the Wynn.  They have an excellent draft beer selection.  They also have daily themed oyster shooters.  I had the chicken pot pie and my wife had the fish and chips.  We both agreed it hit the spot after a morning of walking.  Would definitely come back again if hungry and nearby.
"In Todd We Trust.". . Although that is a hilarious sentiment, its something I can stand behind when it comes to the food at this restaurant. Yuuuummy!. . I went for lunch here on New Years day with my bestie and my appetite firmly in tow.  We tried everything - even PBR in a wine glass.. . There is nothing I didn't like - from the pork buns to the sliders to the Lobster poppie (for which I am currently Jones-ing).  . . My only complaint is, now that you got me hooked on PBR in a wine glass and that gooey lobster delight, what am I going to do now that I can't get it here in New York, Todd? P.U.B.N.Y.C.? Brilliant. I want 50%.
Even better than last time!  nowait, we came in for lunch and were seated right away, complimentary popcorn was served shortly after we were seated.  . Do not miss these items. Lobster Roll-3 generous sandwiches each stuffed with claw meat with aioli and thick toasted brioche bread.  The bread itself is amazing. Swordfish enchilada- cooked to perfection, flaky yet firm meat served inside a tortilla with beans, sourcream and tortilla chips...I was alternating between bites of lobster and enchilada because i coundn't make up my mind what tasted better. Salad with rotisserie chicken-we expected some slices of chicken and practically had half of a rostisserie chicken on our palte that was extremly moist, delicious and well seasoned.  . no room for dessert but I will definately be back for the dirty chips!!
I went to Vegas to visit my boyfriend and celebrate my birthday! This place was on the top of my boyfriend's list for places to take me while I was in town. Great place! We just went to have some beers and appetizers. . . We sat at the bar and scored seats right by the Spurs vs Mavericks game which was a huge plus. They have an amazing beer selection and so many tasty foods to choose from. We went with the Duck Buns and the Lobster Poppie. Both were excellent. The Duck Buns were like 3 little steamed buns you would get at dim sum. It's shredded duck, hoisin sauce and chopped scallions. Great balance of flavor and the actual bun was nice and fluffy. The Lobster Poppie was yorkshire pudding, creamy corn and brown butter sauce. It was a huge pastry pop over with lobster and all the other creamy goodness. Both were great and went well with beer. . . Our bartender that served was great. He was nice and checked on us frequently. Along the bar there are hour glasses on stands. The thing with those is that if you order a beer and you finish before the sand runs out (seven seconds) you get it for free. We thought about doing it but we were just getting started for the evening...maybe next time. . . This is definitely going on my return list. When I'm back in Vegas I will hitting up this place. Maybe I'll even try for a free beer.
Really great service an excellent choice and variety of Beers and great food.  Couldn't have asked for more.
Todd English PUB is a great meeting place, fun happy hour and great BAR food.  Gets a little crazy during sporting events and late night on weekends with guys and girls chugging mugs of beer and getting timed!  If you can chug within a certain time frame, you get the beer for free--so there are lots of takers!!  Definitely a fun place to stop on the strip.
I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, so when my friend was in town visiting and we were going to Haze that night and needed a place to have dinner first well it just seemed that  the stars have finally aligned for me.  The place it's self looked nice.  I know it's called a Pub, but by the looks it is definitely a restaurant first.  . . Our waiter was very friendly and helpful with the menu.  I had the Lobster roll and it was good.  I was expecting something different it ended being what you would call maybe Lobster roll sliders still good, but not what I expected.  For dessert I had the chocolate cake and I must say it was very good extremely rich.  The highlight of my experience was on my way out I took the beer chug challenge.  To be honest that was probably the main reason I was there.  Well it was a victory for me I got my free beer.  I will definitely be back and with the pressure of not having to take the challenge I'm sure it will be a greater experience.
My Mom was in town for a visit and we decided to partake in some retail therapy at Crystals in City Center. We needed to carb-load before burning calories and cash in Louis Vuitton so we ordered salads and sandwiches from Todd English P.U.B. Delish!. . The sandwiches are kind of like a build-a-bear. You choose your bread, your meat, your toppings, etc. We sat outside and the patio area was nice. I would recommend this place for a casual lunch before shopping.
Looking for a great place to hang out while your family goes shopping (or gambling) in Vegas? Todd English P.U.B. is the place!  Widest the selection of beers and a good selection of food makes it a great place.  Service is quick and attentive too.  Will be back!
After scouring many menus on the internet in anticipation of our trip to Vegas, we decided our first meal would take place at Todd English PUB. We got to the PUB around 2 to enjoy a late lunch. The restaurant still had a fair amount of energy even though it was about 30% occupied. . . Now to the food. We had difficulty deciding on our meal as many items on the menu looked appealing. I opted for the lobster rolls with house made chips and my wife ordered Grichebactom (grilled cheese with brie an bacon) and mac and cheese. The lobster rolls were incredible. A warm buttery roll with the richness of the lobster were a perfect match. My wife's Grichebactom was good, but not great. We couldn't help ourselves and ordered desserts. I took down the bread pudding topped with salted caramel ice cream and caramel sauce while my wife ordered the chocolate cream pie topped with toasted marshmallows. The desserts were definitely a 10 out of 10. . . We were pleased enough with our first meal that we decided to go back for round 2. I ordered the dirty chips (topped with blue cheese, bacon and fried chicken livers) and duck buns, while the wife ordered the sliders. The dirty chips were amazing. I didn't know what to expect with the fried chicken livers and they were cooked perfectly. This was a delicious combination of salty, creamy, crunch and richness. The duck buns were ok. As I dug into the chips first, the juice from the duck made the buns soggy which was not the greatest mouthfeel.  This was not the foods fault, but mine for taking my time. My wife's sliders were tasty, but nothing extraordinary. We opted not to partake in dessert on this visit. I will be visiting the Todd English PUB on my next trip to Vegas.
Environment is cool! Food is great! Portions could be a bit bigger for the prices though. Grilled cheese sandwich was yum! Sliders were seasoned well but a bit over cooked. They chocolate berries beer cocktail was delish! The sweet potato fries are just like you would get anywhere else. Our friends got items from the carvery part of the menu. They loved it. The dipping sauces those come with where yummy. I dipped my fries in them! I'd go again!
Speaking as a former San Francisco Chronicle/Examiner Newspaper columnist, I recently lunched at Todd's and highly recommend it.. . My food was served at the proper temperature...delicious hot Sweet Potato Fries with a unique apple rosemary dip, and tasty Chicken Wings with blue cheese sauce and celery, and a well mixed Margarita, My server Lauren was attentive to all of my requests. And I LOVED the outdoor patio. Cheers!
This is only one of two places that I could find craft beer in Las Vegas.  It's at a beautiful location. ( I felt like I was at the airport all over again.) Considering we had 10 people, we had a substantial wait.  But the wait and the selection of beer made it go quickly.  I didn't venture too far, in terms of food.  I ordered the sliders.  The meat was delicately cooked (a real medium rare) and the beer super cold.  Our server was on it, he didn't miss a thing.  I'd go back. Definitely.  I'm a beer snob. I don't like mass produced beer.  I wonder if they rotate their beers?  Perfect reason to go back.
To bed at 530 am, wake up and my buddy is still snoring. It's 1200pm and I need food. Grab sunglasses, head is pounding, throw on shorts and flip flops. Quietly shut door and head out. Exit casino left. A walkway, flowing water, fresh air and sun. wow, I needed that; what's this? A pub? Todd English Public Urban Bar (P.U.B.)?? I give it a go - air flowing through out, plenty of seats at the bar. Despite his rumored financial difficulties, this place managed to serve up some pretty sweet food. . . Started off with what I hate to admit was maybe the best bloody mary I've ever had. Pint glass rimmed with spicy Cajun pepper rub. Pickled carrots, onions, celery stalk and plenty of Grey Goose. Well prepared bloody mix, thick and substantial. Outstanding start, particularly when paired with a shot of Patron Silver. Ordered  1/2 dozen West Coast oysters, somewhere in Washington, bartender wasn't sure exactly where, no problem - they were clean, fresh, meaty and shucked with no damage to meat or shell. Excellent mignonette to accompany these bi-valves. . . In addition, a side of house made pickled veggies - baby carrots, onions, peppers, and pickles. Great pickling job. . . Followed by a free Guinness - actually make that two. You get them free, limit of two, if you can chug it before sand clock runs out, not a problem on this end. . . Confit of duck three ways or so it seems. Really a confit leg, some shredded duck and then a breast as well. Quite good, certainly not close to La Cote Basque NYC but pretty decent considering it is served at a bar at 1200pm in Las Vegas. Served by the half-pound or pound, a variety of dipping sauces and a choice of breads to make little sandwiches. The maple soy and black truffle mayo were my favorites. Add another shot of Patron and lunch comes to a close - time for a shower, a nap by the pool and off to the club later in the evening.
Tasty burger with a great atmosphere. This is a fun Vegas place to eat. Beer pong is also a big bonus.
Went here with a group of 15 others for St. Patricks Day.  The place was great and accommodated our party without any trouble.  They have a massive beer list and a full bar, so no shortage of alcohol options.  Food was really solid too.  I went with the sliders and fries - both very good.  Other people were raving about the duck buns and hot dogs.  You really can't go wrong with this place.  Really convenient if you're staying at any of the hotels in the city center, or even on that end of the strip.  It's open late and they have tons of TVs for sports viewing.  They do play loud music over the speakers throughout so beware if that bothers you.  If you slam a beer in less than 7 seconds, it's free!  I'll definitely be returning in the future.
On my second trip to the P.U.B., I was sadly disappointed to learn that my beloved Fruli strawberry beer had been taken off the menu! We actually almost left, because that was kind of the only reason we went back, but the waitress brought me a sample of a raspberry beer and I decided to stay. (The raspberry was good, but it's no Fruli.). . This time, I had something from the carvery section of the menu, and I would definitely make that decision again. I had roasted turkey breast with challah and two sauces: blue cheese fondue and truffle mayo. I ate every last drop of the latter, it was so fantastic; the blue cheese was delicious, as well. I sat at the table, drinking my fruity beer and happily making my own cheesey, truffley, turkeylicious sandwiches. It was awesome.
I'd give these guys 5 stars based on my first visit alone but the hostess gave my wife and I attitude when we came back on Friday March 18 because we wanted to have a few drinks outside.   Apparently it's only for people who wish to dine.  Really, lady?  3 or 4 cocktails each add up way faster than a couple of burgers, just so you know.   The outside, incidentally, was completely empty since everybody was inside watching the NCAA tournament.   We opted to leave and went to Beso instead.. . On my first visit, however, I was by myself and sat at the bar and ordered the Fish & Chips.    I love fish & chips but seldom do I find really good fish & chips, and that's living in the Bay Area right by the Pacific ocean.   So where do you have to go to find amazing fish that almost melts in your mouth?   Apparently in the middle of the desert, that's where!. . That was a beautiful dinner and the waitress was really nice, despite the fact that she was evidently quite busy.
I always tell myself "don't order room service; it's a friggin' rip-off" no matter where you're staying.  The Belgian waffle, though, at Aria was pretty damn good but $30-good, dunno.. . For lunch I decided to get off my lazy ass, wade through the Rolex-wearing computer sales nerds and go to Crystals.  Luckily, I didn't have to go through much of Crystals as Todd English P.U.B. was right by the Aria entrance.. . Since it was like three o'clock getting a table wasn't a problem.  Although I'm sure the fish 'n chips are terrific, I decided to have something -- I'm sure I'll pay for in a while -- I don't see everywhere:  A nice grilled bologna sandwich.  The bologna is from Italy not some horrible feed yard in the midwest.  Also had the giardiniera.  Both were terrific.  . . I was advised that between three and six all wine and beer is half-price.. . I was only bummed that I couldn't share this with my foodie-gf.  She loves trying new things.  . . If you're looking for a quick bite ... a quick GOOD bite ... this is a great place!
The. Best. Brisket. EVER!. Seriously, that stuff is dreamy. Smokey, savory goodness. And a huge huge portion. ALL the food here is in gigantic portions. I could only finish about 1/3 of my meat, but the rest of the table happily finished the rest. You can share almost everything on the menu. I saw one of the footlong hotdogs go by, that thing was a bit over a foot and about an inch-and-a-half in diameter.. Also, service was great... but the brisket....
This is a large bar basically, but they happen to serve really flavorful food and unusually low prices for vegas. It's not "cheap" food, but what you do get for what they charge is good. We skip the carvery section (pricey) and just order the rest of the menu.. . If you like pretzels, theirs are good. Best dip is the ware rarebit appetizer. Lobster rolls are great, the mini pastrami sandwiches are a win as well. They do a burger with pastrami added, it's also good.. . The real treat is the shepards pie. the beef inside is flavor packed and it's just a big hot cast iron skillet of comfort food. The skirt steak with ribeye chili on top is also flavorful and a definite winner.. . They do a really good twist on a manhattan called The Excellent Crystal. Oh and they have a ton of beers on tap as well. Honestly if you wanted to sit and just eat bar food, drink draft beer and watch sports, i'd go here (and often do).  If you make it to dessert, the bread pudding is delicious.. . Now the bar games.... . Around the bar you'll find up lit small hourglasses. They are set to 7 second. Order any pint (Guinness is really the best bet for speed). With hand on glass, but glass on bar, they flip the hourglass, you drink. no side drafting beer out of your mouth and nothing left over and you get the pint for free.. . Before you get excited, you can only do it twice I believe. Which brings us to the next game, Make a shot, take a shot.  They have a couple basketball hoops on teh bar (it's easier now than it used to be), sink the nerf ball, free shot. They have made this easier.. . Solid food, good flavor, reasonable prices and on strip.  Pretty rare.
A couple of things I dig about this place.. . 1. free peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor!. 2. beer cocktails!. 3. good selection of beers on tap  (lots of brit beers on tap) and speciality beers by the bottle - (hell yes). 3. waitresses have the coyote ulgy thing going on~. . Unfortunatly we didn't get to eat.  Making a point of returning based on the reviews.
Came here for lunch as part of our mancation plan to get loaded first thing in the morning.  Nothing like a couple pints of strong, belgian beer to start off the day.. . I had the fish & chips, which was better than your average fish & chips and should satisfy that craving if you were to ever have it.  I would ask for skinny fries instead of the ones that usually come w/ the order though.. . I didn't want to order the pastrami or corned beef, because I'm such a Langer's homer and nothing could ever compare, but my friends ordered those 2 things and they were both amazing.  Not as good as the #19 because of the accompaniments, but the pastrami itself was right up there.. . Service was very friendly and on top of things.  I would definitely come here again if I wanted to have a beer in a more casual atmosphere.. . Oh btw, my friend ended up throwing up on the street, so if you saw a handsome, asian dude bent over a trash can outside of Aria on Saturday, that was my buddy.  Good times.
This is why I am always unabashedly checking out menus located outside of restaurants... sometimes, you hit gastronomic gold.. We had read the full menu earlier in the day while doing the touristy thing and decided to come back. After a run-in with some Patron at Pink Taco's happy hour (seemed like a good idea at the time), we didn't end up getting to our destination till after 10:30... where we were saddened to find that they only offer a limited menu from then until 1am. Damn you, tequila!!!. I got their very refreshing mojito and the boy and I shared the chicken parm sliders, the sweet potato fries and a Caesar salad. The salad was a Caesar... come on, how can you mess up a Caesar? I appreciated the addition of tomatoes though...  the fries were also yummy, not at all greasy or burnt (could have been a bit hotter)... the stars were the chicken parm sliders. Tiny cheesy morsels of goodness sandwiched between little fluffy buns that you can add a lettuce/tomato mix to... deeeeeelish.. Service was good... not overly friendly, but adequate. The thing that I will remember most is the ambiance... very man-friendly, but more of a modern Mad-Men off-duty type of way. I also realized that this is the same place that I had heard of that gives you your beer for free IF you are able to drink it in under seven seconds. The barkeeps rings a very loud bell if you are able to... I heard that bell quite often, lemme tell ya.. I definitely want to come back before they close down most of the kitchen... ideally wearing a dress that I stole from Christina Hendrick's wardrobe.
Went here before a show, and i really wish we had more time here, we had like 45 minutes, and def rushed ourselves, as this place deserved to have more time spent in it.. . Ordered a few beers, popcorn comes out in a lil tin can, just eh.  half isnt popped.  . . Appetizer - I ordered the lobster poppie, and my friend ordered the duck buns.  each came with 2, so we just split them.  Both of these things were so weird and refreshing, they were great.  The bun on the duck bun was a lil much, but delicious.  and the lobster poppie aioli was addicting, i actually soaked up some with the duck bun.. . Dinner - My friend ordered a fish special, i dont remember what it was, other then that it was very good.  and i got the brisket on challah bread with te bbq sauce and black truffle mayo.  the sauces were delicious, and challah was, being a jew from long island, not the best, same with the brisket.  if you're not like me, and not used to amazing homemade brisket and challah bread, then it was easily amazing.. . Worth going back to, specially for the drinks.
I was happy to come here since Todd English is a well-known chef and was named a National Rising Star Chef by the James Beard foundation.  This place is located at the City Center and has a huge beer selection and some great cocktails.  I had the Grow a Pear cocktail, which was yummm.  It had grey goose, la poire vodka, sour mix, w/ riesling.  Also ordered the lobster roll sandwich that came with chips.  To my surprise is was a pretty big portion, and although I tried my hardest to eat it all, I just couldn't.  It had huge pieces of lobster claws in the roll and had a bit of a tang to it.  . The pub itself has a really fun atmosphere.  The paper place mates has quotes from Abe Lincoln to bumper sticker sayings that say 'Vegetarian: an old Indian word for bad hunter.'  LOL.  Next time I'll grab a seat at the bar...that seems to be where all the action was that day.
I can only give 4 stars for I only came here for a beer. The place was nice; we saw it while walking around Crystals. . So, my friends & I stopped for a quick drink, like I said I only wanted a beer...... And I walk into beer heaven.. It may not have the largest selection of beers, but it has a really good one! Our serves was really nice, always on top of things. And the beers were nice and smooth. Nothing could have been better!!
Had a really nice brunch on Memorial Day Sunday while watching the end of the Indy 500.   We've eaten at Todd English's Olives in the Bellagio -- this is good too, but nothing like Olives, either ambience or food selection.  But, it is an archetypical "pub" / sports bar.. . They were running a Corned Beef Hash special with asparagus & hollandaise and a brunch drink special on Mimosas and Bloody Marys.. Great food, good bread to start with, decent sparkling wine in the Mimosas.   Great service.. . Definitely will go back -- the rest of menu looked great for an easy lunch or dinner place while in the City Center area.
My girlfriends invited me out for a night on the town- . . I am always a little hesitant to go out on the strip on a work week... however they mentioned something about Nickel Beers? . . I was shocked, there is a place in VEGAS that doesn't charge you $8-$15 a drink. . . I was totally in. . . When we got there it was really busy and we had to wait in line. Once we got in the place was so crowded. When we finally got served at the bar after several minutes, we ordered as many PBR Nickel Beers as we could. I mean who could go wrong with a beer that only costs 5 cents. . . I'm not a fan of PBR- but for 5 cents a beer... why not!? . . They have an outdoor patio where everyone smokes at, and on the inside the bathrooms for men and women are combined (well just the sinks are in the same room) and they have a host in the bathroom who is really funny. . . I had a really great time, and definitely plan to go back in the future! . . Tuesday night from 9 until midnight is when they serve nickel beers, I would advise you to get there early if you want to sit at the bar.
I was fortunate to tag along with Blair B. and her husband Mike en route to their friend's birthday dinner at PUB.  I got a pint of the Irish cream beer, and it was okay - not worth ordering again but needed after some stress.  The three of us shared 2 pounds of meat - 1 of crispy duck leg and 1 of lamb loin.  We got challah and kaiser rolls, and four different sauces.  I will stop right now and say get the black truffle mayo as everyone else says.  I am not a mayo eater or even much of a condiment person, but that mayo is ridiculously good.. . The lamb was great on its own or with the challah and mayo.  The duck was crispy and delicious.  I liked the pickles that came with the dishes.  the only odd thing is four people at our table ordered half yards of beer, a certain part of the woodwork at this PUB/Bar, yet the waiter told us the place ran out of yard glasses!!!  What?!?!?  We hardly saw any on tables, and it was only like 9 PM!  Strange.  He ended up giving the bday girl and her husband "the last 2 in the whole restaurant" and gave Blair B. and Mike B. 2 pints instead (so they may have lost out on 2 oz each).  . . In the end it was just a nice experience.  It was pretty loud in there and hard to hear, but the patio seems quieter for a next visit.  Our waiter started off crabby but ended up pretty nice and refilled waters often.  I am glad we came and conquered the carvery!
Food is good and servings are large. The huge sandwich is a deal if there are 3 or 4 of you that can agree at $50.00 . Also be aware there is a seven second beer chugging challenge. If you complete the beer in 7 seconds its free. Can be a scene/ crowded on evening weekends- low key on week days for lunch.
This place is one of the few eateries in Aria that isn't snobby or stuffy. The atmosphere is comfortable and hip. Moreover, not everything on the menu will cost you an arm and a leg. We took advantage of the snacks and appetizer menu and were pleasantly surprised with the good-sized portion and gourmet quality of this otherwise casual restaurant. I recommend the lobster poppy ($13), which was our table's favorite dish for the night. The sandwiches are great too and come with a a variety of gourmet condiments like truffle oil mayo. I don't drink beer but from what I hear, the chocolate beer is worth tasting. Definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a relaxed place to enjoy a bite with friends.
I always stop by the Todd English PUB.  Their corndog app is delicious.  The "All American Beer" sampler is really good too.. . Good location too.  Have drinks, food and walk around the Vegas City Center.. . The only reason I didn't rate them 5 stars is because they are a bit expensive for a "pub" and the host and waiters don't seem to be working together...we didn't get menus or service until 5 minutes after we sat down.  The waitress arrived and said she didn't know we were in her section.
The build-your-own sandwich thing on the menu was really yummy. I had the turkey and my bf had the corned beef. Both were really tender. The black truffle mayo on the side was also really tasty. They have a huge beer menu if you're in to that kind of thing. I wish the ambiance had been more cozy and pub-like, but it was still nice. Our server was very nice and attentive. The food came out really quickly. It wasn't crowded when we went for lunch and I found the prices to be reasonable for Las Vegas.
My friends and I recently went to Vegas and had a group (of 13) dinner at the P.U.B. The atmosphere was nice and the guys in the group were impressed with the very large beer selection. I had the Rojo Sangria and I'm so happy I did. It was honestly the best I've ever had. I normally go for the white, but the description bent me to the red. . . They have a raw bar to choose seafood from. I'm not a seafood fan, but a couple people in the group got oysters and shrimp and they said they enjoyed it. . . Our server was lovely. I wish I remembered his name. He was super helpful and honestly steered us away from the Shepard's pie and swordfish. No one tried either, we're assuming for the better.. . I had the Pot Pie. It was pretty legit. It was nice and creamy and to my surprise had cheese in it. (Luckily I am a big cheese fan.) One of my favorite parts to a pot pie is the bottom crest that gets soaked in the gravy. Unfortunately, this pot pie is only covered with a puff pastry that was cooked separately. It was still really good though. . . Almost half our our table tried the fresh cut meat sandwiches (what I think they are known for). A few got the brisket on challah and really enjoyed it. My fiance got the crispy duck w/ challah and was very happy with his duck. . . All in all it was a great time!
Great lunch spot.  Huge portions!  The truffle mayo is amazing, and the blue cheese spread very good aswell.  I got the sliders and had a bite of the grilled cheese.  Both were great.  It comes with a huge portion of fries... wish I would have know that sweet potato fries were an option.  They looked so good!  Service was fast and attentive.
Impressed for sure!. . The Dirty Chips were freak'n bomb! I couldn't stop snacking down on them. Reading my friend's review, i decided to get the 1/2 pastrami, w/ bread, and black truffle mayo and the horseradish. And it was pretty damn good. The black truffle mayo was a great dipping sauce. Sadly the sauce didn't last long since i was dipping everything in there.  Next time I'll request 2 black truffle mayo. And the pastrami was also really good. Tender. The 1/2 order was still to much for me. haha.. . Beer: I don't remember what beer we got, but they have a good selection. I just remember the pitcher of delerium tremens cost $60. haha. . Service: Good. . Not bad. I'll be back for sure! I want some more dirty chips!!! haha
We were staying at Aria and we stopped in on a Saturday night and had some delicious eats! My husband got the most AMAZING Chicken Pot Pie I have ever had. I couldn't keep my hands off of it and I was so sad I didn't order it formyself. He was so annoyed with me moaning and groaning at how fabulous it was. I was tempted all weekend to go back and just order one to go, so I could enjoy it in the privacy of my own room. It was THAT good! I got the fish and chips, they were fantastic, but totally were a second thought after I had a taste of the pot pie! Our friends got the mini sliders, BLT, and corn dog nuggets that were all wonderful as well. . . If you're into Bud Light and Coors Light or simple beers like that, you won't be that happy with the beer selection. There are tons of beer, but the most simple beer for you would be a Corona. I love to have different beers, so it was nice to have one there.. . The ambiance is good, it was a fun place and I would go back in a heartbeat! Perhaps good ole Todd, would want to send me a pot pie in the mail??????
We went here for our last dinner in Vegas! It is a nice Pub between ARIA and Crystal's Shopping Center. Atmosphere is very laid back, relaxed. Staff was really friendly, place was nice and clean. I had a great dining experience.. . I had the Roast Beef Mini Burgers! It was yum! A couple ofmy friends got the skirt steak! And the popcorn they give you when you first sit down is awesome!! lol. . . I would def go back here and I would recommend this place to anyone I know!
When I worked at City Center, I had far too many energy drinks before my shift. And on an empty stomach, this got me shaky, anxious, and I was absolutely ravenous and I had a strong desire for some delicious food! I've always wanted to try something at P.U.B. and a client recommended the Lobster Rolls.. . At $24, its the priciest thing on the menu. But as a lover of lobster and everything luxurious, I had to order these. I got them to-go so I didn't get the P.U.B. experience. But the service I received was good. The bartender quickly retrieved my order and had me on my way so I could go back to work to enjoy my meal.. . Nothing about this dish was healthy. The rich, buttery, flavorful goodness was everything I expected. It was served with a fresh slaw which cut the fattiness of the rolls and fresh kettle chips which were crunchy and absolutely addicting.. . I would definitely come back! Next time I'll be dining in and getting an ice cold beer to go with it. (not during work hours of course!) ;)
Three words.  Black truffle mayo!!  Omg!  Love love love!  The prime rib sandwich was amazing!!!!!!  Biggest serving of sliced prime rib, your choice of bread, and two sauces!  Definitely get the black truffle mayo!!  The fondue was good too!  A friend of mine also highly recommends the horseradish!!  I'm usually not big on sandwiches at dinnertime, but I definitely would order that again!!  For appetizers, we did the oast duck buns!!!  Awesome!! And this chick is not a beer drinker but I had to do the fruit and chocolate beer sampler!  Yup.... Beer that tasted like fruit and chocolate!  Uh, the chocolate, not so good.  But the raspberry and peach beer.... Tasted like juice!!! Fun atmosphere, good food, good service!!
Nice food (had the brisket yesterday...duck today), cool atmosphere. When staying at the Aria, this is a casual no-brainer.
Great food and large drink list!  The portions are quite large and one entree could easily be split for two people.  I recommend the mussels with bread and my friend said her bloody mary was one of the best she's ever had!
I've been back twice. I have accepted that the service is slow, but the food keeps getting better. And I haven't seen a single chef eat from the pass. I am addicted to the Hot Wings! But order the dressing on the side, it's too hard to dip when spread out on a hot plate.
I stopped in here for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised.  It's a large, casual space with really friendly staff.  I sat at the bar and ordered chicken wings and sliders.  Both were very good.  I also liked the free peanuts and the fact that you can throw the shells on the floor!. . They had about 30 beers on tap.  The great selection of interesting craft beers was impressive.. . I'd definitely come back for happy hour or a regular meal if I'm in the mood for an upscale casual dining experience.
Alrighty- let's be real, it's a gastropub. You go here because you want something to sop up the alcohol floating or about to be ridden in your system. If you're wanting haute cuisine, it shouldn't be your destination point. But then again- if you're in Vegas and you're wanting haute cuisine and then decide to go to a place with the word "PUB" in it, then you're totally off the radar and need a tour guide or something. But I digress..... . P.U.B is one of my total mainstays when I'm in Vegas. Now granted, I have somewhat of a blurred point of view regarding Vegas seeing as how  my family lives there and I'm there practically there half of my year, but I have to say- I rarely have found a place in Vegas where I crave a specific thing over and over again. And it has got to be the Dirty Chips at PUB. Think about how mind-blowingly amazing it must have been for Todd English to put THAT together. (b/w you and me, it HAD to have been after a night of him being stoned off his mind or something). House made kettle chips, blue cheese, cheese sauce, pancetta, green onions, and fried chicken livers- yes, you heard me correctly- fried chicken livers! It is like a stoner's fantasy. But even if you're not a chicken liver fan- the chips are to die for. I mean- I would actually kill for them right now! Really. No...really! . . Other than that, everything else I've had there has been delicious. The Pot Pie. The Shepherd's Pie. The Onion Rings. Now I didn't have that all in one sitting....what am I? A heifer? But the true nature of the PUB is the chill atmosphere and to top it off, and amazing selection of beers. I highly recommend sitting at the bar to eat and you can get some one-on-one edumacation about some of the beers and sometimes they serve limited quantity, hand-crafted beers, and you can sometimes ask to taste some. To top it off, they actually have a great wine selection too. For those non-beer drinkers who don't feel like being gassy. Cause in Vegas....sometimes gassy is NOT classy.
Oh yeah. . . Worth the wait. . . Abso-crunchy-lisciously roll your eyeballs backwards three Xs scrumptious.. . That almost describes TE's mini corn dogs. I love them "Maui French fry-style" (mix the ketchup with the mustard.) Boyfriend tosses em back with full strength Dijon. Since I missed out on my Michael Mina lobster corn dog this trip, I was aching for these mini morsels.. . Todd English PUB is a great mix of fun, food and nice service. It's a great rest stop from fancy dining. The pub smokes their meats and Boyfriend enjoys the French dip sammie. This time around my daughter-in-law and I shared their grilled bologna sandwich. Yes AFTER the corn dogs. Yum! . . TE also mixes in fun. Sit at the bar and under lit 7-second egg timers challenge you to their beer chug contest. Down a pint before the last grain of sand hits bottom and you win a second pint free! They also have a beer pong ball machine - think gum ball machine filled with logo'ed pingpong balls - for more fun and games. They might not encourage responsible drinking but hey! This is Vegas baby!. . This is a solid four star for food and fun!
This is a great modern iteration of the classic pub... Todd English has brought gourmet to pub and the result is a fun and tasty experience.  The beer selections are fantastic!  Lots of interesting options, now including Napa Smith Organic IPA.  . . Food:  Must try the pretzels with cheese, the pot sticker apptzer.  Also sliders and of course fish n chips.  We had table of 5 and ordered a bunch of stuff to share.  Go into this thinking "pub food with flair".. . Will definitely be back.
Low key vibe, more carnivorous options than a butcher shop, plenty of TVs showing every sporting event in the world, and affordable prices - this is Todd English P.U.B. . . While in Vegas I had done my fair share of spending way too much on cuisine...hey, it's not difficult to do. So, imagine my delight when hubs and I checked out this spot and left full, happy and not broke. Bonus!. . Service was efficient, smiley and helpful. Our server led us through the menu and provided solid suggestions. I went with the 8 oz. size of corned beef - which offered a hefty amount of meat on the tasty challah bread I chose. Ad for my accompaniments, the black truffle mayo, horseradish and pickled veggies went very well with my stack 'o beef. Fries were decent overall but frankly, you are probably coming here for the myriad of meat options. The corned beef is certainly on point. . . Todd English P.U.B. is especially refreshing as it's not overpriced or overdone. When I find myself back in Vegas, I'll certainly come back for another sandwich and brew!
I gave PUB 4 stars because the food was upscale casual without being fussy, our server was super friendly and fun, and the beer list is outstanding - including a nice fruity pear bear that I love.  Also had Firestone, which is where our friend works.  I had the chicken pot pie, despite my lactose intolerance.  It was super delicious - my husband ended up eating half of it - big portions, succulently roasted chicken, vegetables, a nice veloute, and puff pasty.  He had a burger and proclaimed it to be tasty.  We had the onion ring appetizer, which was really good.  The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, we watched Game 2 of the World Series, so it's sports-lover-friendly.  . . The value of the food was good.  Vegas strip food is overpriced, but at least here you feel like you got a good meal from it.  Laid back, casual, and fun.  Highly recommend!
Todd English P.U.B. was just what I needed to have an escape from the escape of Vegas.  Sometimes, the glitz and the glamor is fun and all, but geez, sometimes a girl just needs a good beer.  Thankfully this place is here because as a craft beer lover, I have a refuge from all the cosmos and sparkling champagne.  I was quite content in my jeans and t-shirt, just being me.. . The food is very good.  Not over the top, but casual food.  I had the lamb sandwich from the carvery.  It was very tender and the apple chutney and blue cheese fondue made excellent sauce choices.  There was a variety of bread to choose from and challah seemed like the best choice.  The sweet potato fries were very crisp and hot too!  Oh, on a whim I had an oyster shooter.  A oyster with cocktail sauce swimming in vodka and a splash of beer sounded like a perfect idea.. . This place really shines on beer though.  Although it is not the ultimate craft beer bar in the world, it is different from all the other bars in Vegas.  You can get flights and I was impressed they had cask beer.
Two words: cast beer.  Beer that is conditioned in casks is naturally carbonated, and often has a thicker mouthfeel and flavor.  I had the casked Black Butte Porter, and it was amazing!  Served at room temperature, and not very carbonated, you could taste all of the fine flavors in this well crafted porter.  It was a bad choice for my Tomato and Onion salad with blue cheese dressing, but it was worth it!. . The beer choices are some of the best on The Strip, and they are the only establishment serving casked beer.  I probably would have settled with a 3 star review, but that fact is pretty impressive. . . The food was pretty good.  I only had that Tomato and onion salad, which is just that.. two thick slices of yummy tomato and two slices of onion.  It is more of an appetizer than a real salad.  I probably wouldn't order that weird thing again, but all of my friends enjoyed their dishes.  Most of it was upscale burger and sandwich type things.  Ah, and they serve popcorn as a complimentary appetizer. :). . The biggest downside to Todd English is the pricing.  It's steep, let's face it.  It's also on The Strip, where overpricing is the norm, so Todd's gets a pass.  The fact of the matter is for me that this is an establishment aimed at the craft beer drinker, and that alone has won my heart!  Cheers, Todd English!
Wife and I wanted something we could take back to our room for dinner. Decided on TE Pub since it was at the base of Aria and we were feeling something simple, I ordered the chicken parm sliders and skinny fries, she got the chicken tacos and rice.. . I received 3 sliders and a very small salad, wish it was a bit larger portion as the sliders lacked any greens on them, still tasty though. Their fries were also very good, light crisp on the outside. Wife enjoyed her tacos and the rice that came on the side was a very generous portion. . . The bill ran us about $40 with no drinks, so a bit on the high side, but the quality and portioning were quite good.
Had a $50 GC from our hotel reservation website that was good for redemption at any store or restaurant at the Crystals center. Sooo we walked through debated between Mastro's, Beso, and Todd English. Glad we chose this place because it's probably the most laid back of all the choices. With Louis Vuoitton, Prada & Gucci stores within walking distance, this place was eerily normal. Wait staff friendly, set up table for six with no wait, dining room was pretty full. We ordered appetizers: onion rings (plate of like six HUGE seriously the size of a grown mans hand) and pot stickers. Both were reeeeally good. Two of us had the ribeye, they liked it. The rest of us had burgers- the Pub Burger is excellent, Fatty fries awesome. The chicken blt looked really good, but he didn't like the skinny fries they're infused with some sort of blue cheese seasoning. And the other person didn't care for her buffalo burger because it was drowning in blue cheese. Overall, really good!
We went back for happy hour the day after our first visit.  Pints were half price and cheap(er) beer always make me happy.  We ordered the Oysters Rockefeller and they were amazing!  I could have eaten the spinach topping with a spoon!. I really enjoy the atmosphere of this place.  It was comfortable, sports were on tv and the service was quick and friendly.
This place scored damn near a 5 with me but 5's are very rare in my opinion so I give this place a 4. Luckily I don't judge a book by it's cover because when we entered the hostesses seemed to have better things to do than there job and didn't even great us, they just looked at us, really??? We may have been a little overdressed because it was Sunday football and I was wearing a suit and my wife a dress but what the hell. Anyway enough of that the rest of our experience was great. The beer selection is one of the best of seen, not because the amount of beer that they have which is impressive, but the quality of beer. All I have to say is Black Butte...this was already one of my favorite beers and the one that started me onto the path of beer greatness 10 years ago but to have it straight from the cask is a glorious experience. The food was high quality pub food with a twist. I had the prime beef and I have to say that this is a must if you eat meat. I am usually not very impressed with prime rib or anything like that but the flavor of this meat was better than any i'd had before. Be aware that while this place is called a PUB, the prices are closer to that of a nice restaurant but IMO well worth it. If and when I go back to vegas this will definitely be on my list of musts.
I liked this place a lot... Lobster roll is fantastic... Best milkshake ever
yummy shepherd's pie!
The PUB is one of these places that's really fancy, yet decorated up to be pretend-divey. They pull it off nicely, and you actually feel pretty cool for hanging out in this place. I went on a Monday evening and it was pretty crowded, so I'm sure it's jammed on weekends.. . The beer is the main attraction here - excellent selection all day, every day, but you really want to be here late night Tuesdays for 5 cent PBRs or any day for happy hour (4-6), when all drafts, wines, and well drinks are 50% off. Yes, that's right, 50% off! That's a good happy hour at any place, but especially at one located within Crystals, or, as I like to call it, the Rodeo Drive of Las Vegas.. . Aside from that, they go for upscale pub fare - fish & chips, sandwiches, pot pies, etc. Their specialty is the 'carvery,' where you order a meat (1/2 or full pound), a bread, and some sauces to make your own rustic-style sandwich. Among my group we had the grilled bologna sandwich, the fish & chips, and the corned beef. All were excellent, although highly priced ($20 for fish & chips).. . Service was good, and they found us a table in the corner so we could have a little bit more room for the Baby.. . Overall, this is definitely a place to bring visitors, but I wouldn't come back on my own unless it were happy hour.
For the beer selection and the waiter's ability to help us navigate it,  alone,  I give the restaurant four stars!  Well done.. . I opted for fish & chips and was delighted.  Not overdone, great temperature, light flaky flavorful fish inside ...crispy deliciously seasoned chips...nice. . good ambiance too
I'm a local and we went here after shopping at city center.  The decor is super cute, food was really good [see pix].. . The black truffle mayo was to die for. It deserves a sentence all to itself.  Order 2 of those b/c you are going to have to share it even though you don't want to. I warned you.. . Lots of beer on tap, tons of English people eating here, & they have HH from 3-6.  HH is 1/2 price wine, beer, sangria. not bad.  Food specials are a little lacking  in my opinion, $2 oysters (or $24 a dozen) or $1 chicken wings (or $12 a dozen) not that impressive, average rates at best.. . I ordered the roasted chicken & would go back to order that again.  Friend of mine got the fish n chips, excellent choice. Came with fat fries and this really unusual but delightfully tasty coleslaw that had green peas in it. My other friend got the swordfish tacos.  Those I didn't like, but he enjoyed them so that's all that matters. They were covered in cheese sauce so that it looked more like a casserole than tacos. There was no way you could eat them w/out a knife and fork & they were too fishy for me.. . More importantly, I liked the people at the bar. They were pretty much locals but all of them were really nice. They had a ton of bartenders so our drinks never sat empty & they were eager to strike up a conversation too. And they had the basketball game on, nice BIG tv's *score*!. . We liked it so much my girlfriend texted me when she got home about when we are going to go back.
After two recent trips to Las Vegas which included two trips to the PUB I figured it's time I wrote a review.. . In a town lacking in quality beer (as far as I could tell in my two short trips) I was happy to stop by and get a nice cask ale. . . My first trip had us enjoying a drink at the bar while we waited a few moments for a table.  We sat at the low bar area which is not preferred.  It's really awkward to interact with the bar servers but it worked for what we needed.  For dinner we had the dirty chips, corndogs and spicy chicken wings.  Portions were huge and the food was good.. . The second visit I was alone and wanted to sit at the bar.  Ended up at the low bar.  But the beer was tasty and my chicken tacos were wonderful.. . Service was very friendly and efficient both times I went.  Prices are high but that's expected due to location.  I'll be back during my next visit I'm sure!
These was my third trip to Todd English PUB over the last 2 years--and the first with my wife (as opposed to only my guy friends)--arguably it was our best meal of the entire trip.. . We had two couples dining--and were seated immediately by pleasant host staff fairly early on a Thursday night--before the place was really busy.  We had water to our table within 2 minutes--and a server who was covering for our server started a drink order for us. . . The cocktails were very good!  They have a very refreshing margarita with cucumber--which is made all the better by the fact that it is NOT syrupy sweet.  They have a HUGEbeer selection--and suffice it to say we were all feeling no pain after our first round.. . The menu is loaded with options--but we went mostly with comfort food including an excellent shepherd's pie and chicken pot pie, as well as very good salads, chicken parmigian sliders, and more drinks!  My wife tried several of the oysters from the raw bar, and said they were excellent.. . Our server was well-versed in the menu, wine and beer list, etc--and attentive without being intrusive.  Towards the end of the meal the restaurant was definitely filling up and noticeably louder.. . Overall--an very good experience with good service, great bar, and very good food.
My husband and I have enjoyed this pub the last two visits to Vegas. The food is good and a tad bit pricey. I had the chicken parm sliders with a side of sweet potato fries and my husband ordered the bologna sandwich. Both were delicious. The selection of beer is impressive, we both had a pint of Killkenny. Mmmmmmm!! The only negative that I would say about the whole experience was the guy at the bar who was very loud and every other word out of his mouth was vulgar. Normally, we would not be bothered but he was standing about a foot away and made it tricky to enjoy great food and great beer. Oh well.....we will return and enjoy the pub again.
Great drinks and great service! My boyfriend and i went in to drink and watch a Fulham (soccer) game, and we were so pleasantly surprised. They bring out small buckets of popcorn to start your meal (like an italian place would serve bread). Considering that it's a beer heavy bar, I thought it was a great idea. I had one of the nicest waitresses I've ever had here. I expressed that I wasn't sure what I would order, if anything, and she pointed out what other people were eating and what she liked too. . I also thought the placemats were such a great touch. They were pieces of paper with funny, booze-related quotes printed all over them. . Here was one that cracked me up: "When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading" -Youngman
You can hear some pretty interesting conversations in this place, its packed with guys during lunch AND dinner!  I like this place for a couple reasons:. . 1 - it's SUPER casual and laid back.. 2 - I can come here and hang out with my girlfriends/guy friends and just have a drink.. 3 - most of the food sounds pretty good (... and some have an interesting twist!).. . The duck buns are UHHH-MAZING here!  They were the perfect portion for me.  4 small buns with shredded pieces of duck dipped in hoisin sauce, and scallions on top - nothing else (that's right, no side of fries or anything).  $14 for this is pretty pricey, but this beats a lot of other restaurant/food options in the ARIA/City Center area.  They have a RAW section where you can order what I hear are pretty good oysters too!  .. and of course it's a pub so you'll find other things like beer on tap, burgers/fries, pot pies, beans, etc.. . The environment in here is pretty cool.  They have bar tables where you insert your credit card into this machine, and can pour your own beer from tap.  WOW!   They have a couple huge/large dart boards too, but you don't use real darts of course since it's in the bar area - they're magnetic.  I'll def be back to try other salivating items on their menu!
Landed in Vegas and had a late lunch here with the manfriend.  We are both fans of Todd English so it was a no brainer, we knew it would be amazing.. . I of course ordered a drink - some strawberry mojito thing and then we immediately started off with 12 oysters, 6 east and 6 west.  I'd never eaten oysters before so it was a new experience.  A little slimey but very fresh tasting.. . I had the ahi tuna poke and a side of skinny fries.  Perfect.  The ahi tuna poke was delicious.  I LOVE seaweed salad so to mix that with sriracha and a wonton skin was perfect.  The skininy fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I couldn't get enough.. . He had the pastra-mini and said it was good but I wouldn't know because he didn't save me any.. . We always get dessert so we got the cookies and cream...which is essentially pizookie.  The chocolate chip cookie was WARM AND GOOEY and pretty much one of the best cookies I've ever eaten.  We got vanilla ice cream - which wasn't my first choice but it was the perfect compliment.. . YUM YUM! Definitely a good choice if you're looking for good, simple food instead of something fancy shmancy.
Happy hour is definitely the time to go. Otherwise it's pretty typical expensive beers. As in $8 to $10 for a pint of things like Guinness or Spaten. Of course the place is attached to the Aria and City Center so I expected it to be pricey. The HH special was half price pints, $3 sliders, $2 oysters and $1 wings. I took advantage of the beer and sliders while catching a couple of afternoon March Madness games.. . The entrees coming out for other patrons all looked really good as well. Next time I am in Las Vegas I may make it a point to grab lunch here. . . I want to go 3.5 stars because I fall between A-OK and I'm a fan. I'm certainly a fan of the happy hour deals but not having much in terms of entrees I cannot solidly give it a lot higher.
like other restaurants on the LV strip.. you're gonna pay a bit of premium.. nevertheless.. they pour a proper black and tan.. and their fish and chips are pretty damn good.. it's pricy.. but the food is solid.. they also have plenty of beers which is always a plus
March Madness is truly madness if you're looking for a spot to sit at any Vegas sports book after 8AM. So, Friday morning, we got our bets in and headed to find a comfortable place to get something to eat and watch some games. Walking around, we ended up at Todd English P.U.B., which had everything we wanted; seats at the bar, breakfast options, and TVs showing the games. This was one spot, I was glad we stopped in, I had one of the best bloody mary's, ever, spicy, with the right mix of vodka (Hangar One) and tomato juice and the perfect garnish of pickled carrot and a block of cheddar cheese with some pickled string beans, all with a salt and peppered rim. Delightful. One of those babies and that's all I needed for the afternoon.  Breakfast was good but a little salty for my taste. There were a few brunch options, I got the bacon, egg, cheese sandwich (bacon on the side) and Gramercy Guy had the English breakfast, fried eggs, bacon, toast and beans. These beans were the show stealer. I traded my bacon for the beans and thinking about them now is making my mouth water. There was meat (I was told from the bar tender, it's what's ever left on the cutting board) with the right balance of smoky (probably from the meat) and sweet. Had I known how good the beans were, I would have swapped the fries I barely touched for more beans. And you know what they say about beans being for the heart. So really this was a perfectly balanced meal between the beans and the tomato juice.. . The cool thing about Todd English P.U.B. is their drink challenge. Along the bar, there are many hour glasses that flip; they are timed for 7 seconds. The challenge: if you can drink a pint of beer before the time runs out, it's free. I knew I wasn't up for the challenge but watched many people around me do it, some more than once. Matt, the bartender, guessed that about 80% of the people who try actually succeed.. . To see pictures and read more go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/todd-english-pub.html
We loved this place! It was packed during NCAA tournament weekend, but we were able to find a spare seat at the bar while we waited for a table. They told us there would be a 20 minute wait and it was probably less than 10. We had a great corner table with a great view of the basketball games. The drink selections were great for both the beer drinker and the non-beer drinker, which is unusual for a pub. i was able to enjoy a lovely sparkling rose while my DH enjoyed some wonderful draught beer. . .  They also have some really cool tables with taps in the middle that it looks like you can use a credit card and serve yourself. That was awesome! The menu is also great! There were so many great sounding choices. we started with a dozen oysters which were very fresh and very good. i followed it up with the sliders which are served with carmelized onions, blue cheese and 1000 island dressing and fries. They were soooo good. My DH had the lobster rolls, which were also 3 mini lobster rolls and came with homemade potato chips and slaw. He is still talking about those sliders! . . We would go back in a heartbeat!
Stopped in here for an early dinner on our way to see Love at the Mirage. It was perfect timing because we got there during Happy Hour and scored 1/2 price beers (very, VERY solid beer list), meaning the beers were only slightly more expensive than I'd normally pay, instead of WAY overpriced. . . I had the lobster rolls, my friend had the mussels. I am not a mussel girl, but I sampled the broth, and wow, it was so good & perfectly seasoned. My lobster rolls were divine... just the right amount of mayo and the buns were overflowing with lobster. . . I dig the vibe of the place, it is a Pub after all, but it just has great ambiance and you don't feel like you're in the middle of all the Vegas craziness. I think the prices are pretty par for the course as far as Vegas goes, and my meal was worth every penny.
Great beer selection! The lobster rolls are amazing. Service is just ok. Hung out here with my husband and watched some sports on our mini get away! Had a good beer flight but kinda pricey. Then again it's Vegas and everything is expensive. Good knowledgeable bartender (girl with short blonde hair and tattoos))! And then there was a crabby bartender who looked like a mean Russian dude! Good hang out to chill at the bar and watch sports! Nice outdoor area to people watch!
What is one to do if you're in vegas for an extra day waiting on an airplane, stretched nearly to the end of your budget, and you want a cheap place to knock back a couple pints? Head to this place. They've got a rotating 3 dollar "keg blow out" special, and the beers are pretty good.. . Granted, even being in vegas, it's *really* hard to justify 13 bucks for a pint of their normal selection, even if it was from my favorite brewery back home.. . As for the food? passable, but not really fantastic.. . What was however, was the service. Aside from another meal we ate on our trip that cost roughly 6 times as much, we didn't get better service anywhere we went. In fact, I don't know if the 5 star joint we hit was actually any better. They've got some really friendly people working, happy to keep serving up pints, and more than happy to bs during slow moments.. . I'm going to have this place in mind the next time I'm in town, don't have my company card, and want a pint or two.
All the walking in Vegas got me pooped!!! My friends and I came in for an early dinner and to rest our feet. LoL The decor is very casual and of course has a pub like atmosphere with beer in the air and sports on the tubes. The waiter was really chill and nice. He checked up on us a few times and did not let us feel neglected at all. My friends ordered a chicken pot pie and the Amsterdam Burger. We ordered a big plate of beer battered onion rings to share. Out of all the beer battered onion rings I have ever tried, these have the most beer flavor. The only problem is the giant onion ring inside the batter does not rip apart so I'm basically pulling the whole thing out and not enjoying the outside. As for me, I ordered the lobster roll that came with not just one, not just two, but THREE lobster rolls!!! It also came with coleslaw and chips, but I substituted the chips with criss cut fries. The lobster rolls were melt in your mouth... MHMMMMMMMM SO GOOD!!! I ate TWO of them! The lobster rolls are jam packed with BIG CHUNKS OF LOBSTER MEAT. They are so warm, buttery, comforting, and oOoOoh hit the spot DELICIOUS! The coleslaw was okay and the fries were pretty good, but I would come back just for the lobster rolls over and over again! =D
We came here while on a scavenger hunt in Las Vegas. The bartender was super friendly, I really wish I would have gotten his name. He totally took the time to help us find a California based beer that was on draft. I settled on a refreshing cider, and my boyfriend had the recommended beer.. . While sitting up at the bar you get a full view of the cooks shucking oysters and it is a pretty intense show. I have plenty of experience with those damn things and it still scared me when I see someone else doing it. . . Friendly staff, definitely worth stopping by.
Stopped here for some oysters before Cirque's Elvis show.  They were $2 each and they were beautiful! OMG, we could have eaten them for days.  The sauces they came with were delicious too. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
Stopped in here for a couple burger sliders as Maestro's was too full for our party of three.  Good little spot. Beers came quickly.  Food came quickly and it was good. If other spots are packed, give this spot a try for quality food and a sports bar atmosphere.
Great atmosphere and great food, I will come back her next time I'm in Vegas.
A must stop every time I visit Vegas. The service so casual and can either be attentive or lacking. I've never had a bad experience, but at the same time I'm not very needy. I see others getting impatient but for some reason it's never affected me.. . The food is outstanding!!! I've had a few different items but the lobster rolls are beyond good. The sauce, presentation, and portions were perfect. Most recently I sat at the bar, watched some sports and just had an overall great time. I left with a $60 - $70 bill and was very pleased with everything.
This place was a surprise for me.  My wife and I had just arrived in Vegas, were starving, and went into this place without much thought.  We were pleasantly surprised by the good drinks and great food.  We ended up coming back here again for lunch later in our trip.  . . The shepherd's pie here is excellent, with lots of flavor and great texture.  It's not the typical browned, ground meat you get in most other places.  The fish and chips are great too, although not particularly different from any other good fish and chips place you might go to.  The lobster sliders are good but I thought they skimped a bit on the lobster.. . One thing any of-age person has to try is Todd's sssSweet Tea.  This bourbon cocktail is amazing, and very dangerous.  I could drink these all day, and will probably come back here on my next Vegas trip just to get this drink.
Went there twice during a recent business trip and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, fantastic beer selection and good happy hour deals. . . As far as food is concerned, I didn't try much because the summer heat in Vegas suppressed my appetite, but what I did sample was tasty. Some of the best Buffalo wings I've had, and only a buck per wing during happy hour. On my second visit I had the delicious chicken parmesan sliders & a few raw oysters (only $2 each all day long) flown in fresh from Vancouver.. . Beer selection was the best I've seen in Vegas, although very overpriced with craft beers going for around $12/pint. Go during happy hour and they're much more reasonable at half price. I drank Dogfish Head 90 min IPA (my favorite beer) and the Speakeasy IPA which was solid. FYI, glasses of wine are also 1/2 off during happy hour.. . Great music selection (from Beastie Boys to Zeppelin), attentive bartenders, and quirky but classy decor -  I D.U.G. The P.U.B.
Great atmosphere. Good food.
Great pub-like atmosphere, beer selection is good, great service and average food.. A nice change from some of the surrounding restaurants and their stuffiness or lack their of.. My husband and I shared the sliders, the lobster rolls and some fries.  The lobster rolls were suggested to us by the hostess.  Looking back, I feel that it may have been simply because it was one of the more expensive things on the menu.  Either way, I bought it, she won.  The sliders were average, slightly dry and non-impressive.  The lobster rolls (also sliders) were good, not great, just good.  The lobster chunks were good sized but the sauce wasn't super great.  The lobster rolls were served on small  dinner sized rolls and topped with a butter, aioli sauce.  Good, just not great.. We sat in the bar area at a low top table.  Service was very attentive, never had an empty drink, all without being pushy or smothering.. Next time I'm in town, I will most definitely be back!
Even though there is only one meal entree that is vegetarian, they totally score with it!  Sure there are plenty of random sides and alterations to entrees my man and I could have made in order to enjoy vegetarian options but we were still surprised there was only one option. That is until it was in our mouths causing our taste buds to dance a Portobello Mushroom Burger dance of joy and happiness. SO good. . . I refrained and stayed away from the bucket of fries but from what the man says, they are the best he's ever had. Or one of the best in his top 5, something like that. The burger comes with a side of pickled vegetables that I seriously couldn't stop eating. We shared the burger on our first visit because we weren't super hungry. The second time we went in while on our Vegas trip we shared the Portobello Mushroom Burger and the Iceberg Wedge Salad (vegetarian version) with a side of vinaigrette dressing. . . I enjoyed two, yes two, glasses of delicious Blanco Sangria filled with peaches and strawberries. I need another glass now! Check this place out. They have a ton (about 40) different beers and the atmosphere is fun. Definitely worth a stop while you're in the Vegas.
We decided to try this place out because we were eating late after a show and didn't want to be anywhere too fancy nor too cheap (ie chain fast casual place). I suggested here because I had seen it from time to time while going through the Crystals center on my way to/from Aria, the Cosmo, etc. . . We were happy to see we came during their late night happy hour. We were starving so got some $1 wings to start. I am not a HUGE wing person, but these were very delicious and although some may find $1/wing "pricey" I thought they were a good deal? They give you real blue cheese too.. . My bf and I decided to share their carvery platter (lamb) which was amazing and came with some tasty sauces. We had several friends meet up with us and our waitress was very patient considering we had all had quite a few cocktails and the constant seating kept changing as our group grew/shrunk.. . However, the chopped salad my bf and I also shared was awful and we actually sent it back because it was so bad (basically "chopped" lettuce and... 1 tomato? That is all I remember being on it). Luckily our waitress took it off the bill so no worries-- but one of our friends got a Caesar and wasn't thrilled with it either, so maybe skip the salads all together and just get the unhealthy bar food and meat ;)
great service. kinda pricey. I would say 15+ for a burger or sandwich.  But what can you say? You're on the strip.  It was pretty tasty though and they dont take too long on making the food.. . Oh and they give free popcorn out.
Ate here for a late late dinner after an exhausting 60 hours of Vegas. The food was delicious! We ordered off of their carvery portion of their menu. Prime rib and brisket. Both a WOW. I will definitely be going back.. . . The atmosphere was really laid back..then again we did eat there around 10pm. . . Can't comment on any of the beer though it looked like they had a large selection. Next time
I went there for my Birthday.  I wanted casual, fun and also good.  I got what I wanted.. . This is PUB food on steroids.  It has an extensive beer list and traditional pub food but with a gastro-spin.  I was there with three other people and we all left fully stuffed and satisfied with everything we had.  The waitress was very friendly and let us take our time with having a few drinks and then ordering appetizers and going from there.
Terrific service -- waiter provided great recommendations when we couldn't really choose what we wanted off the menu.. . Casual environment but even those a little dressy fit in.  right in between Aria and Crystals at City Center ... great location.
Listened to Yelp and you were right. The lobster roll was great!. . We came here for a late dinner to make it for happy hour. Great specials!. . We got $2 oysters and $4 dollar beers if I remember correctly? Great food and I highly recommend for a semi casual dinner in the heart of city center.
As a city center resident I eat here quite often. It's almost always full of people and the servers and staff are very friendly. The vibe is an upscale pub with lots of amp,e comfy seating. . The oysters are great! 2$ a piece durning happy hour might even make them a little tastier :)  . The appetizers are to die for! You really can't go wrong treating this as a tapas bar with friends so you get to try a little of everything! The tuna tar tar is tasty and whatever sauce they use just adds to the over all melt in your mouth texture. The duck buns are a gooey mess of flavor :) unfortunately they do come out a bit dry sometimes... You MUST try the steak tacos again, the sauce is what makes them memorable. . Stay away from the parmesan sliders. They just come out overly dry and lacking luster. . As for beer options there really is no comparison! The servers are very good at making recommendations and with so many options it can seem daunting to try to pick! They will even make sure you love your beer or replace it till you find one you like. . For a casual dining option to watch the game or meet up for happy hour you really can't go wrong with TE Pub
Stopped here for a late dinner, huge beer selection, any type of brew seemed to be available. Ordered the mussels and the tuna burger, both were great, nicely done and tasty.
Todd English PUB has a lot of things going for it...great location in the City Center, great deals for happy hour, awesome beers on tap so you can make a nice flight (and beers are listed with brewery and location too which melts my cold, cold heart of ice), a beer challenge which I WILL accomplish sometime in my life (anyone know how to do this whole "open your throat" thing I keep hearing about?), and I haven't tried the food, but the menu looks promising.  It's a must see for beer lovers in Vegas.  Go there.
Was pleasantly surprised, I was a little leary after reading all the mixed reviews. After perusing the pictures, we decided to try the lobster roll, wow this was delicious. The lobster was so fresh, and it comes with coleslaw and housemade kettle chips. We also ordered the $2 oysters, and ended up with 2 more orders they were so good. The bar has a Yardhouse type vibe to it. Would be fun to check out for happy hour, I will definitely come back, there were plenty of items on the menu that I want to try.
Definitely a fun place to have good food, good beer, and hang out with friends. I love the vibrant/loud vibe of this place. My husband and I came here while the Olympics were on, and it was really fun to watch on TV while everyone cheered during the events. . . I had the Ahi burger, which was left nothing to complain about, and finished with "Stephanie's bread pudding", which had Captain Crunch pieces on top - yum! . . The beer selection is really good, not as good as other places on the Strip, but also nothing to complain about. I would definitely eat here again and recommend it to anyone wanting a fun, pub atmosphere with better-than-pub food.
I wish this would open in NYC!. . Came in with a big group for lunch, but ended up staying for a few hours. They have beer taps built into tables, modernized comfort food favorites, and an extensive beer list. Typically, I would order beer at a pub, but I couldn't resist the strawberry mojito. It might just be the best I have ever had. Food was delicious too!. . I definitely reccomend PUB.
I've passed this restaurant multiple times over previous Vegas trips and not once I stepped inside it until two weeks ago. . . This is a surprisingly good casual restaurant in the otherwise heart of Aria casino. I would never expect this casual-yet-classy restaurant to be here. It reminds me of home and local bars. The food is top-notch. I ordered a hot dog and my girl ordered the lobster rolls. . . It was too much food for the both of us but we still finished it. It was all good... I also ordered a pear cider to wash it down. It still a bit pricey for American food (think Denny's but extremely hgh-end quality menu's) but I'm glad I gave this a shot.
Happy Happy Happy Hour! From 3-6 M-F half price pints and wine by the glass you cant go wrong! With a wide rang of beer on tap here are my favorites-. . Anchor Stream-  A San Fran Beer with a toasted malt flavor and a hop finish, you will love it. Guinness- You can never go wrong with this stout on tap. Pyramid Audacious Apricot Ale- I'm usually not one for fruity beers but this is an exception. Amazing Ale with a burst of Apricot and hints of lemon and wheat.. Delirium Tremens, Belgium- This hoppy beer that sits at a 8.5% alcohol content is amazing. crisp yet yeasty you will love this beer. But be careful, its strong :). . Now for the food.... . You can never go wrong with starting out with the Beer Battered Onion Rings. they come with this spicy ranch dipping sauce that truly makes the dish.. Ive always wanted to try the dirty chips too. kettle chips with bacon bits scallions and chicken livers... ill def try that next time!. I had the West Coast Burger for my entree. Its a turkey burger, with sunflower sprouts, bacon, slaw, avocado and dressed with honey mustard. It also came with huge fries. So yum!. My friend ordered the New England Fish & Chips. They were truly authentic and amazing. We also shared a side of Mac & Cheese... don't judge us it was worth the calories haha. . The decor is beautiful as well. Surrounded by windows and natural light It was a nice escape from most pubs that are dark and dim. I also noticed they had beer pong pool and darts. How fun! The bartender told us about the drinking contest they had. Drink a pint in under 7 seconds and its free. Now i would never try this but I'm sure it would be fun to watch. . . All in all this place is a fun change of pace from the typical Strip Restaurant. I suggest it highly!
I'm not a fan of Vegas buffets. Those glorified, gluttonous grubfests aren't my thing. So on a Sunday morning, we take a stroll to Aria hotel to get to Todd English Pub. This is the perfect place to unwind and/or enjoy a sobering brunch. . . We usually come in around noon-ish on Sundays and we've never had to wait. With the hungover crowds lining up at buffets across the way at  Bellagio or Rio, Todd English has been quite peaceful each time we've visited. The longest we've had to wait (for a group of 6+) has been around 10 minutes.. . The first thing we usually order is the bucket of Traditional Pickles - definitely wakes up the taste buds. My Vegas trips are not the same without them. . . My boyfriend has gotten oysters from the Raw Bar and on occasion, an oyster shooter or two...and he's loved it. I can never join in on the shellfish escapades due to my obnoxious seafood allergies. Big booooo's. :(. . Because we usually dine with a group, I've gotten to try a little of everything. . . Appetizers:. I'd recommend the Ahi Tuna "Poke", Duck Buns or Caesar Salad. All pretty tasty yet not too rich. Perfect for a first course.. . Main courses:. - The Veggie Muffuletta is sooooo tasty and not too overwhelming. If you like sandwiches, or you're veggie, I'd definitely recommend it (with EXTRA salsa verde).. - The Skirt Steak is to die for. You might also want a side of salsa verde sauce to go with it. Perfect flavors for a Vegas brunch.. - How do you go wrong with sliders? Especially BLT sliders?!? And those crispy skinny fries? Ahh heaven!!! You might want to ask for a side of the black truffle mayo to dip those fries in...or maybe that's just me.. - And if you like a meaty mouthful (o__O), you can always order meat by the pound at their Carvery. Prime beef, corned beef (my favorite), brisket, pastrami...you name it, they'll carve it fresh for you. Pick a choice of bread + sauces and you have yourself a meaty manwich. It's almost too good to be true.. . They've also got a hefty collection of beers & beer cocktails. However, I stick to the girly stuff. I've had their bloody mary's, Bellinis, and their Grow A Pear cocktails...and I'm absolutely in love with the latter. Perfect hint of sweetness. Great as dessert actually.. . As for the vibe, like I said earlier, it's never been busy when we've gone so I'm not sure how it is with crazy crowds...it is a pub, after all. I do love the layout though, it feels open and never congested; the bar is in the middle of the restaurant, like at Yardhouse. . . I've enjoyed this restaurant/pub each time we've gone. Todd English Pub has definitely become our Vegas Sunday-morning tradition.
OK, first rule when you're sitting at the bar here: Throw the peanut shells on the floor, not on the bar! (You'll thank me later for this.). . I was at a highly technical conference that was held at Planet Hollywood (where else?) and had a couple of nights on my own. First night, I wanted to see Monday Night Football at a bar and, after Yelp consultation, ended up at PUB. It was great. I had a well-made Manhattan to start and some sort of exotic beer with my lobster rolls. The lobster rolls were excellent - lots of big chunks of lobster with brown butter on three slider rolls. The next night, I went back and had the tuna burger. Again, a fantastic burger with lots of rare tuna and some wasabi oriented sauce that was just perfect with it. I sat at the bar the second night as well. Only down side was that the bartenders seem very busy and you might sit a moment waiting for another drink. It's also a pretty noisy place, so don't go here for a romantic meal. Prices are a bit high, but unlike a lot of places on the Strip you won't walk out feeling ripped off as the quality of the food is very high.
Yummy but costly...
How oh how have you been hiding from me!!?. . Everything about the lobster roll is mouth-orgasmic... Including the roll ( So be careful anti-carbs-citizens)! The grilled cheese bacon panini is p horrifically amazing! . . I dare you to try it
We went in on a Thursday night. The service was AMAZING! Matt was the bartender and he was super helpful and cool. He recommended the lobster rolls and they were pretty good. They were a little heavy on the bread and claw meat but overall pretty good. We also had the corn dogs and wings. Both were very good. Beer selection is not great, but I'm not a fan of any imported beer. I just have a taste for American beer I guess, but overall, a great place to spend a low-key evening in Las Vegas.
Great lunch spot, we got a table outside and the people watching was wonderful!  My husband's brisket platter was fantastic, my lobster cobb salad was just so-so.  Good, reasonable wine list.  I can't drink beer, I'm allergic to yeast :(, but the beer list is awesome!  Good service despite being very busy.  Definitely recommend for a casual lunch.
I love this place but there is one Bartender that odd. I think his name is Mark. Anyway he can cock block with the best of them! Watch out boys is your looking for a date!
Was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and stayed at Aria.  We decided to try Pub since we've liked Todd English's restaurants before.  The restaurant was really noisy and packed for a monday night, but that didn't detract from anything.  I started off with a couple of appetizers.  First we had the fried oysters with a scallion aioli.  The oysters were huge, plump, succulent, and perfectly fried.  We also had a mussels appetizer, which was also tasty.  For the main course, I had the lobster roll.  While tasty, the bread was a little greasy.  I also ordered a side of the bubble and squeak.  Now, this dish I did not care for.  It tasted like it had too much wine in it that was not cooked out, leaving a raw alcohol taste, which was not very palatable.
Had lunch on Friday 11/2.  Great experience, very cool Pub interior, tables with taps!  We sat outside in a very pleasant atmosphere.  Service was perfect, attentive and informative but not intrusive.  Fish and chips may have been the best I have had outside of London.  Highly recommend it.
Deep down, I was hoping to glimpse the model-gorgeous owner, Todd English. After meeting him at his original Olives in Boston at a private function that he hosted, I still remember what a gracious host he was...even though I couldn't get past how good looking he is in person. Ok...oh yes, I was going to write a review on The Pub.... . Fresh fresh seafood  - as soon as you walk in, you see the shrimp and oysters on ice. Raw bar heaven.. . Great beer selection; moderately priced and great service. Skinny and fat french fries; you have your choice; I like that!. . Tuna = have it a lot of ways and each way is excellent. Our table had tuna three different ways: the burger, the ahi tuna on wontons, the tuna stack. Outstanding!. . Very busy. This is a place where you can get in/out in an hour, catch a show, blow your money at the tables and then come back again in the morning for their killer Bloody Mary.. . Great buzz, open kitchen, clean. Loved it. Easy to see how you could come here a couple times a day. Next time, maybe Todd will be there...or at his Olives inside Bellagio!
The waiter was extremely friendly and attentive, the beer selection was good but not fantastic, the food was quite good.. . The lobster roll was really good and so was the corned beef sandwich.  I'd recommend picking on of those specials they have where you choose the type of meat and bread and the you make your own sandwich.. . The price was on the high side but i believe they run special happy hours regularly so if you don't mind the crowd you can go there during those times.
Went here for a very quick happy hour special, 3 hours before our flight.. . $1 wings - pass on these, they're not very good.. $20 = flight of beer and sliders. 4x 5oz flight - excellent! Beers are high quality and the four in our flight were not even listed in our extensive menu.. and 3 sliders = cheesesteak, asian slaw + salmon, turkey; all were excellent and very filling together. . . Service was just OK; we felt neglected and it took a long time for our food come out. However, it was very busy for a weekday afternoon, and the complimentary gorgonzola popcorn at the beginning kept us occupied while we waited for a server.
Cool restaurant atmosphere andtasty food. I like the option to build your own sandwich with bread, meat, sauces and side. You'll definitely be able to make a combination that suits your tastes.
Tasty and fun.  You can't get much better than that.. . Came here before a show on a Friday night around 7:30.  Wait wasn't bad at all.  They have a pretty extensive beer list, but I didn't partake as I was already happy from the happy hour at Comme Ca if you know what I mean.. . The food was so yummy!  I got the shepherds pie and the beef/pork ragu was probably one of the best shep pie fillings I've had.  My husband got this pastrami burger that was so big, my TMJ acted up when I took a bite.  You know a burger's good when your jaw unhinges trying to get it.  The pastrami on that burger was surprisingly very peppery.  My brother's girlfriend got the amazing and legend-waitforit-dary grilled cheese sandwich.  It was huge, cheesy, melty, and made with brie.  She wolfed that whole thing down and she only weighs like 100 pounds.  The fries, both the skinny and steak cut, were cooked to perfection.. . Had a great time, but can't give it 5 stars because of three things:. 1.) The floor is super slippery and when you have heels on and are a little sloshed, this is not good.. 2.) There is a bathroom attendant...........really?  At a pub?. 3.) The prices are pretty steep for the type of food being served, but, hey, it's the Strip.
Excellent variety of ciders with an awesome happy hour.  Well, awesome because it brought the drinks down to a reasonable price. The happy hour food specials were pretty tasty too.  If you order the pretzels make sure you have someone to share them with.  The staff were all very fun and chatty.  I'll def hit this happy hour up next time I'm in town.
2 years on and still very good.  Can you drink a beer in 7 seconds?. . This is where the Hendrick's Martini became the go to.  The guys behind the bar know their sh!t and make the place more fun.
i would say its good but not 5 star amazing.  i had the seafood stew.  i liked it but it was a little salty for me but it was good.  the fatty fries are really good.  they remind me of KFC wedges.  they had happy hour $1 wings but it was $1 per wing and it was small.  my friend had the portobello mushroom burger and she was surprised when it came.  she expected a mushroom on top of the patty but the mushroom WAS the patty.  so the entire burger is a veggie burger.
Lobster Rolls!!!   So good!. . Fun place to go with a group when you first arrive in Vegas.  Make your party compete in the "Down your beer in 7 seconds" contest.  If you do it, your beer is free!  Good way to start the trip.  Bit of advice... The Bodingtons ale goes down the smoothest.  Shhh, that can be your little secret.  More advice, get the lobster rolls... and the fried pickles.  Mmmmmmm.
Oysters!
I tripped across this place while looking for somewhere to eat. I read the menu and saw they had 'Firestone' Beer, that was all I needed to see. The food was pretty good. I ate at the bar so service was prompt. I looked through their other beers and was extremely impressed. They have the Best beer selection in all of Las Vegas that I've seen so far. It is pretty expensive though. I highly recommend this place any anyone who knows good beer.
Very good food and good beer.  Cozy atmosphere, and good service.  Felt like good ole Chicago.
Sorry--this review will be pretty narrowly-focused, but with good reason.  This place makes a slow-cooked beef brisket that's perfect.  So many places make briskets that are chewy and dry.  The brisket here had the tenderness and flavor that only comes with very slow cooking.  If you like brisket and you're in LV, go here.  Other food was great but a bit heavy.  Atmosphere as you'd expect--lots of tv's, lots of people.  Wait staff was well-informed and friendly.  Service was prompt--maybe a little too prompt.  We got our food very soon after ordering it.
Sometimes you just want a nice beer in Vegas, and it turns out this place wedged between Aria and Crystals was a solid choice for some afternoon libations. We actually came here twice during our weekend trip, and it was a solid choice for both food and a wide beer selection (I think we even had champagne?). The style of the restaurant is fun -- it's got that modern pub look that's not trying too hard to look old, and there is a great little patio area for people watching. Although we did get some odd looks for sitting out there, but hey December in Vegas is basically summer to Seattleites like us! . . One word of warning: if you're planning on using your Aria dining credit here you technically can't. I only found this out after checkout that the credit only applies to restaurants "in Aria." After about a half-second of stating my confusion to the customer service associate said not to worry about it and applied the credit anyway. So it worked out in the end, but c'mon, half of this bar is basically in the hotel and they are all under the MGM umbrella anyway.
WOW the best brown butter lobster roll.  Everything about it is perfect.  How can I get this in San Francisco?  BTW, comes with good slaw too. Highly recommended!
Came here for happy hour on our last day in Vegas. Can't vouch for the normal food but am a big fan of the atmosphere, drinks, and "finger" food. They have $1 wings, $2 oysters, and $3 sliders during happy hour. The wings and oysters were pretty good -- oysters also came with horseradish and a delicious vinegar sauce. . . They have a pretty good drink menu with a huge selection of beers. The strawberry mojito is delicious!! Get a pitcher for $40 and split it with friends. A few people at our table also got adult milkshakes which were pretty good, but apparently not as good as the regular milkshakes.. . Atmosphere is very casual.. we were there on a football day and the entire restaurant/bar got super loud. Overall a great place to hang out with friends.
Todd English P.U.B., like most Vegas Strip eating establishments is totally overpriced for what you get, but, whatever, you're on vacation, live it up. The fish and chips were excellent and huge portions. I wish I had requested skinny french fries instead of the wedges that it comes with, because it was a bit much. The reviewer who posted a photo of his fish and chips had a very different experience than I and my dinner companions did. We easily had twice as much food on our plates. The lobster rolls was AMAZING and something I still dream about... They went the deliciously decadent butter method versus the gross mayonnaise method which I full support. Also, a huge selection of beers. The decor, had a bit too much of an "American Pickers" theme going on, but it was still pleasant.
Great bartender! (Crystal F. is very professional, and she effortlessly charmed every bar patron, including me!) . . New Amsterdam burger/sandwich is great! Fried pickles and beers too. . . Grilled cheese left a lot to be desired, as did disappointing fried oysters. Overpriced generally but not at all unreasonable for hotel prices.  Happy hour pricing makes a big difference! One of the better options at Aria.
We've been to Pub probably half a dozen times.  We recommend it to friends who are in town and they never report back negatively.  As many yelpers note, the carved meats are fantastic here.  The prime beef with horseradish sauce and blue cheese is my wife's staple order now.  It's the best roast beef I've eaten.  I get many things, but the macaroni and cheese is a winner.  The lobster rolls are another repeat order for us, and we've loved them every time.  I've never had anything off of the raw bar, but I've heard good things.. . The beer list is expansive and pricey, but it's in the heart of the Strip so that's to be expected.  But, there are several options for ordering.  Fantastic atmosphere, fun place, and excellent food.  Definitely come to Pub.
Good drink selection and service,  The a prime Rib Chili was good, not great.  If it were chunky style - with someway to tell he meat was actually prime rib, it old have been better.  Campbell's Chunky Steak chili is as good, if ot better. Overall, a good experience.
it's tough to find a quality place in a new casino in vegas and not overpay,,,after a bit of looking I believe this is the place. good happy hour, great food and selection make his place a home run @ the Aria casino
Their take on nachos was really tasty. It has one of those menus where I just want to order everything! We had great service here. Great interior design too that doesn't feel like you're in a mall, even though you basically are.
I can't speak to any food here other than the dirty chips, or the naughty chips, or the filthy chips, or whatever they are called, except to say that you should get them.  Get. Them.  You and your cardiologist will thank me later.. . They are plenty for two to share and they are insanely good.  I stuffed myself silly with them and would have eaten another full order if I had been wearing sweat pants with Spandex and didn't care about living maybe just a few years longer.. . The drink menu is frankly so varied and extensive as to be incredible and the prices are high for just about all food and drinks on the menu, but you're in Las Vegas so I don't want to hear whining about high prices.  If you pay a lot and get quality in return, I'm ok with that.. . Last, the music is insanely, ridiculously, offensively, needlessly and obnoxiously loud.  If I ever return, I'm going to sit out on their little exterior patio (which is outside of the restaurant shell even though you are still in a covered mall).  which is too bad because the interior of this joint is attractive.  I am not into shouting and losing my voice over a plate of raunchy chips just because some a-hole thinks painfully loud and bad music equals "excitement" or something.  . . Just sit on the patio, get the heinous chips, order some drinks, and enjoy.
Lots of food choices... and they are delicious. Some our group tried and loved... brie and bacon grilled cheese, fried oysters, fried pickles and sliders. Food good... service... not soo good. Slow and they dont seem to care. But if u can get beyond that.. food is good.
Lobster rolls with brown butter? Yes, please!!!  Wings and fish and chips were tasty, too.  Only off note was the mussels which were ice cold on top and thermonuclear at the bottom due to the wrong shape serving bowl.  The order was immediately replaced and the second batch was perfect.  Shana the bartender was great and mixed a mean spicybloody.  Will be back soon.
I honestly enjoyed our experience here at Todd English. We went there during lunchtime at a weekday. . . Blanco Sangria Pitcher for $30.00 was fruity and refreshing (YUM). 4 Raw Oysters - Fresh!. Lobster Rolls and Chips (So ummmy). Seafood Soup (Kinda Chowder like) Good. . Bill total was $92.+. . Our server Melissa was awesome. We were seated at a quiet corner overlooking the kitchen. It was fun seeing the dynamics of how their kitchen work. We enjoyed our lunch here.. or did the Sangria just kick in???
Expensive Pub food, but the quality and service are outstanding.  We arrived for Happy Hour and had oysters, nachos, and shrimp.  It was a great experience.  The atmosphere is sports bar like and the beer selection provided plenty of options.  I will definitely check out Todd English P.U.B. next time I'm in Las Vegas.
This was absolutely delicious! A little more expensive than I anticipated, but well worth it. Their selection of adult beverages were great. Will have to try to go again during happy hour so I don't break my wallet. I had the Chicken Potstickers, my husband had the duck buns, and his booking manager had the soup.
Always packed, great beer selection, and the food isn't too bad either! The 2nd best beer bar on the strip! Surprisingly they had a few Cask Ales to choose from, which is a rarity within the Las Vegas area... so naturally, with that enhancement, it bumped it up from a 3 star to a  4 star.... . I would very much like to see some more promo's for the locals however.. the nickel beer night was a huge hit... but they unfortunately got rid of it :-(
This place is tons of fun! . I stopped in with my family to have oysters and beer and we ended up eating and drinking for a couple of hours. . . Great ambiance, friendly service and good food.
While in Vegas for the Super Bowl we ate at many, many good restaurants. This was one of them. Arriving for a late lunch after a morning of walking around we were quickly greeted and seated outdoors. Our waitress, Lauren, was fantastic. She was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and beer list and lots of fun.. . The menu is pub fare but the upper end of the spectrum of pub fare. K was told that the tuna burger was life-changing, N got the lobster rolls, our friend got a salad and I went with the caprese salad. While lots of things sounded good it was kind of hot and I just wanted to have something cold and light. We ordered an order of sweet potato fries for the table and Lauren had some honey mustard mixed up for us (thanks!). . . We were blown away by the fantastic beer menu. Like wow. From favorites to things we can't get in Michigan but have wanted to try to things we've never heard of there was a vast selection that was organized beautifully on the back of our menu. . . Everyone loved their food and all but our friend who was working and our exchange student enjoyed two beers. . . The lobster rolls were voted best at the table and my caprese salad, while beautifully presented, came in last. The tomatoes just had no flavor. I'm not sure if it's not tomato season in Vegas or what but they were crazy bland. However, I can deal with such a little difference between best and worst when the best is so damn good (and had the toms been better my food would have been excellent). . . We will definitely come back here the next time we're in Vegas.
A good choice for happy hour on the Strip (half off drafts, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders from 3-6pm and 10-midnight).. . The whole menu looked pretty good, but since we had late dinner plans I limited myself to only things on the happy hour menu. The sliders and oysters were the most impressive: the oysters were fresh and served with several sauces and the sliders tasted much better than your average run of the mill hamburger. The wings were pretty disappointing, very little meat and a buffalo sauce that could have easily come out of a jar. Especially at $1 each, you can definitely do much better for wings elsewhere so it's probably a good idea to avoid those altogether.. . The beer selection is HUGE but slightly pricey without the happy hour discount ($10-14). Make sure to pick something that you haven't tried before. Ask your waiter for help if you need it.. . If you're into chugging, make sure to go to the bar for the 7 second challenge. If you can chug a beer in under 7 seconds, they'll ring a bell for all to hear and your beer is on the house.
I recently was in Vegas for business.  We went to the pub for lunch to meet a client and the food and service took quite a while considering we had to cancel our next meeting.  With that being said, the place was really busy.  The food was great and the atmosphere was casual.
I've always sat at the bar. Selection of drinks is good in my opinion. Bartenders have always been nice.
4 stars only because they took the dirty chips off the menu...WTF?  However, they did make them for us, but couldn't add the chicken livers...damn.  Anyway, I've been here 3 times, mainly because the beer challenge has become a tradition. Everything I've had has been outstanding.  Brown Butter Lobster Rolls are bomb! Carvery stuff is always tasty. Great oysters!  Bartenders are on point and a good draft  beer selection...overpriced, but what do you expect at the Crystals shopping area (Aria, Cosmo)?  And I'm 3 for 3 on the beer challenge.  I'll be back!
Get the duck buns. Trust me.
The checkin clerk at the Aria recommended this place and it was our first meal in Vegas.. . Lobster rolls are a must have here.  They are so buttery and fresh.. . The barreled beer is something to try if you never have.  Being from Portland and being an Oregon beer (Deshutes), I couldn't resist.   Warning, it comes warm and is a little bitter, but a good change if you enjoy the micros.  7 second beer drop and it's free, limit two.  Guy next to us dropped one and got it free, he wanted me to join in his second, but by no means am I a speed drinker, but he insisted and paid, but I only got through half.. . The best Bloody Mary anywhere on the strip, wife made us go back three times just to get these.  We had at least one at each of the resturaunts/bars we went.. . It has two entrances, one in the courtyard between Aria and Crystals, the other is inside Crystals
Packed- which is why it got 4. But this is Vegas. . . Great beer selection and seafood stew was very, very good.
My boyfriend and I have dined here twice! We absolutely love it. The first time, we were with a vegetarian group (his family is indian) and the P.U.B. was very accommodating! We will defiantly be going back. Their salads are just Meh... But what else should I expect from a Pub?? I wont hold that against them since their french fries are sooo yummy :)
Stopped in for a late nosh. Best draft beer selection we found on the strip. Ate appetizers. Fired pickles, pickles, pretzels. All good.
Outside & Inside seating on a warm Spring evening. Promptly seated and enjoyed a free bud light for checking in ! :) . . Our server was wonderful, explained the menu and options and my friends and I were pretty full by the time we reached the half way point. . . Their meats are sliced, not really a burger, not really a steak . . I had the Fish and Chips, which was Humongous! and the fries were nicely, LIGHTLY seasoned :). . Can't wait to come back
This is a place with the best service in Las Vegas! We actually felt welcomed here. They have a great beer selection and good bar food. We had their wings that were crispy and spicy, which we enjoyed but wished they were little bigger. (They were mini wings) We will be back next time when we are in Vegas again.
3.5 stars. . This is a pretty laid back place right next to Aria.  Gotta love those pub height tables with your very own tap!  Awesome.  There's a great beer selection and if you're at the bar and are up for a challenge you can chug your beer in 7 seconds and get it for free.  I guess that's cool if you think chugging a good beer is worth it.  . . When you sit at a table you get a small tin of popcornto snack on.  The food is good but I think the whole thing is a bit overpriced.  Happy hour is pretty decent (good deals on beer and appetizers, although if you ask me the price of happy hour apps are probably the price they should be normally).  Good outdoor seating for those nice days.  . . I won't be here regularly but when I wind up here for a beer it's usually a good time.
no cheap, touristy feel here. Great beer selection and fantastic food in a brasserie atmosphere.
We had dinner here last Saturday night (5/18) and had a great time.  Order the Junk Chips for an appetizer.  They are the bomb!  There is a huge selection of beers (of course they were out of my first choice).  It was fun, busy, and had a lot of energy.  It does get kind of loud in there, so if you are looking for a quiet intimate romantic place, this is not it. I am pretty sure they specialize in seafood, but do offer land lover options too. They also sell ping pong balls for beer pong... yes, they have a beer pong table!  :)
What a totally cool and hip place with excellent food we found when we tried the Todd English PUB! We were able to secure a booth in the back of the restaurant where we could take in all of the sights and we had a great time and meal. The decor is what you might expect in a pub- complete with dart boards and rich wood furniture. The ceilings are very high so the noise level gets a bit loud, but this is not the romantic dinner spot you were looking for anyway. Yelpers-- check in and get a free beer!!! Even though I was having a martini, I couldn't help but snag this deal up. . To be honest, I wasn't expecting as good a meal as we had- the duck rolls appetizer was simply out of this world (see pics attached) and the mad Russian swears that this was the single best Tuna dish she has ever had. That is saying something indeed- It was a perfectly prepared "burger" that she wishes she could have another bite of even as I write this. I had fish and chips that was good and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good portion of battered fish. . For a bit of fun, in the back they have available some tables for playing various drinking games- we watched several games of "flip cup" and the usual antics of those who have never played.... An overall great place to eat drink and hang loose.
My wife and I went here this past weekend.  She had the Chicken Pot Pie and it was really good and felt homey.  She really liked the pastry on top.  I had the Lobster Rolls and have to say they were the best I ever had outside New England.  The lobster tasted as fresh as you can get out west.  We will be back.  Looking at all the food pass by we can't wait to try more.
This is a nice place, good atmosphere, but always busy, so definitely make a reservation. The food is excellent, and the menu identifies gluten-free options too. Recommended!. . More on gluten free in Las Vegas:. . https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
I have been to this pub three times-twice in December 2012 and once April 2013.  . . The two times I went in 2012 were fantastic!  We were given a basket of what I think were blue cheese flavored popcorn that was sooo good!  The first time I ate here was for lunch.  I ordered the amazing lobster rolls and my mom ordered the sliders.  The second time I was here I had dinner.  My mom, dad and I ordered the fish and chips.  They were piping hot and delicious!  The fish portion was huge and the batter on it was crispy.  On this night, they also had a $10 wine bottle special.  . . When I returned April 2013, I was disappointed with the fish and chips.  The batter was soggy and the fish was only lukewarm.  I may need to resort back to the lobster rolls.  . . Service all three times were good.  Except the last time, we had to flag down our server, who ignored our table because he was working with a large group next to us.
A fantastic stop in LV. I have never been disappointed by a Todd English restaurant. Great mix of sandwich and international beer menu. Sliders (roast beef and burgers) are both excellent. And the Junk Chips are a real winner. Good service and nice decor makes this a 4 Star in my book.
It's always busy the many times we'd come here.  Last night was no exception.  Since we didn't have reservations, we took the next available seats which were at the bar.  My friend got the New Amsterdam which is a burger topped with pastrami, sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  I was full and was too busy watching a basketball game after I claimed my free beer upon check-in that I didn't realize my friend had the burger split so we can share fries and a burger.  He asked for truffle mayo to dip the fries in and it was great.  The best part of the evening was the food came out in no more than 10 minutes!  The friend was going on and on about the food, I didn't touch it except for the fries - I was too focused on the game.  He finished my half too - I guess he was saying it was real good?. . The other times I've been here, I had the Organic Chicken Pot Pie and Shepherd's Pie - comfort food!  Hot, filling and delicious.  Angus Sliders were pretty good and juicy.  The Corn Dog Puppies come with fries and we order it everytime I'm here with my family.  But what I always get is their Lobster Rolls with slaw and kettle chips - one of my favorite lobster rolls in Vegas.  Nice big chunks of lobster on a buttery toast.  Absolutely delish!. . Of course, it won't be a pub unless they have beer.  They have a great selection of beers here.  Stella, Carlsberg, Blue Moon, Pabst, Red Stripe, Amstel, Heineken, Bud, etc.  They have gluten-free beer too.. . There's one item that I'm crushed that they took off the menu called Ninja Snacks.  Wontons filled with Nutella and bananas and you dip them in caramel.  It was amazing!  I guess I'd have to copy it and make Ninja Snacks at home.
First time customers. We were attracted by the patio and stopped for a late lunch. Food was very good. Not cheap but comparable and relevant to excellent location on Strip. Overall service was excellent and staff very friendly including Our hostess Elizabeth but especially our server, Andy!
Stopped for lunch. Food was good, and $ was great for location. Would love to come back and try the seafood. Looked great.
Came here for happy hour. The selection of food for happy hour is mediocre (wings, oysters, and sliders pretty much) but the half off draft beer is a winner. They have a large selectionof craft beers and when you get there for happy hour they come out to be between 6-8 instead of 12-16. The one salad we had was pretty tasty and plentiful, but spendy for a salad.. . I don't know if I would come here outside of happy hour, but you never know when you're in Vegas anything goes.
Updating my review for this fancier pub fare.. . Mac and Cheese - This stood out. One of the best restaurant mac and cheese's I've tried in the recent mac phase.. . Sliders - well made and tasty.. . Fancy grilled cheese - had tomatoes and bacon. YES!. . Pastrami - chunky, delicious. . Chicken Parm Slides - also tasty. . See a trend. Some of the best I've had of all of these and I would definitely go back. Well located in the city center
Happy Hour is a tradition that dates back to the 1920s in the Navy when sailors would enjoy a few drinks while viewing boxing and wrestling on board at the same era when speakeasies would hold a cocktail hour. Nearly a century later I would share in this tradition on the famous Las Vegas Strip in Todd English Pubb.. .   From 3 to 6 PM and 10 to Midnight, Todd English P.U.B., holds a Happy Hour. Pints of beer and glasses of wine are half priced. Wings are $1. And oysters are $1. In my opinion, the appetizer Happy Hour specials are a bit misleading. A $1 for seven chicken wings will come up to $7. Not a bargain at all.. .   In this fast-paced world that I live in, I partake in Happy Hour to be happy. Todd English P.U.B., features a major selection of beers to choose from to be happy. The categories include craft beers, fruity beers, the big boys, and so on. I usually get one to three beers. When I entered this thriving restaurant and pub located between Crystals and the Aria all uptight and exhausted from work, I make a beeline to the center bar. By the time I drink the pint of Fruli strawberry for example, I am becoming happy. After the pint of Arrogant Bastard Ale I am happy. And once I cash in my Yelp free check-in offer for a free Bud Light and drink it, I am OFF THE CHARTS HAPPY.. .   The reality is that Todd English P.U.B., is an upbeat establishment that feeds off all the positive energy on the Las Vegas Strip. The majority of the patrons are tourists without a care in the world but to have a good time. After an Arrogant Bastard Ale and Bud Light, I kind of develop this tourist state of mind. I feel like I am part of a big party. Every so often in this party, the bar tender will ring a bell. This is to call attention to the fact that somebody is getting a complimentary drink for quaffing a beer down within seven seconds. Maybe one day after a stressed out shift I could write a review update on drinking a beer in less than seven seconds.. .   Being in City Center, Todd English P.U.B.,fills up fast. This will cause some delay in the partaking of Happy Hour when all the bar stools are taken and the bar tenders are busy. . .   At Todd English P.U.B., it is more than the names of some of the beers that are weird. What is kind of weird, or just so out of the ordinary in Vegas is that men and women share the same sinks. If you are going on a date and plan to freshen up, I would advise another restroom. . .    Happy Hour is a tradition that I am so going to continue to partake in. And I am happy to say that when I am in City Center with the urge for a cold one or two between 3 and 6 PM, that the odds are in my favor of partaking in another Todd English P.U.B., Happy Hour.. . ***The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge***Review 106.
Excellent pub and killer food!
Pretty decent happy hour twice a day with $2 oysters and $3 sliders! I liked the decor and vibe of the place and didn't feel completely ripped off like I do at so many Las Vegas joints these days (I'm looking at you, Nobu!). It's very casual in here with a sports-pub kind of feel, but it wasn't all bro-y or too loud. A pleasant place to park it for a while with a drink and some snacks. I did indeed partake of the happy hour oysters and sliders and they were delish! When my friend and I saw their dessert specialty Stephanie's Bread Pudding we had to try it--I mean, it had to be good with that name, right? :P Well it was pretty damn good, even if it had the Cap'n Crunch cereal on top (see photo). I'm not a huge fan of that cereal but in this case I didn't mind it. Definitely wouldn't mind coming back if in the area again.
Went two days in a row. Had the bus and flight special and the next day the buffalo burger. Both were very good
My goal this past week has been to visit places that I've never been in LV before.  I stayed at Aria a few years ago, but hadn't been back since so I decided to walk over and see what is new or had changed in that time.  It was around dinner and I was wander around the reception area and I spotted a restaurant that looked relaxed and casual in the far right corner.  This happened to be Todd English Pub, and is the place I decided to have dinner Sunday night.. . I entered Todd English Pub around 8pm and the place was packed.  You needed reservations for a table, but since it was just me, I sat at the bar.  I was quickly greeted and given a menu by my server.  I checked out the drink menu and was thrilled to see that they had Strongbow Cider on the menu, so I quickly ordered one.  Price for the cider was $11 per glass, but I love cider so it worth it.  . . I perused the menu for a while, not sure if I should order a Pub meal like Sheppard's Pie or a burger.  I finally made up my mind and went with Chicken Tacos ($16), the description made them sound flavorful and delicious and didn't let me down.  The chicken tacos come 3 to an order with a crock orrice and beans.  The shells were good; soft shells and held up well against the moist chicken meat and salsa.  The chicken was so moist and well seasoned, I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it and could have eaten even more.  The rice and beans were presented mixed in a crock and were good with a bit of spice as well.   After two glasses of cider and the tacos, my bill totaled $41.  A bit steep, but it's LV so not too bad comparatively.. . The service at the bar was great.  I wish I would have gotten my servers name, but he was attentive and quick to make sure I had what I needed.  . . I will definitely be coming here again in the near future.  I can't wait to try other menu items!
I went here 3 times on a 4-day trip, so yeah, I liked it. The best deal is happy hour (3-6pm every day)--half price pints makes them affordable ($7 for St Bernardus on tap!). Service is pretty good, but I think it's quicker at the bar. They have a good ambiance, it's usually pretty busy and they have games & stuff. Beer selection is good - they have a lot of taps, seasonals, semi-rare beers (at least on tap). Bottled selection isn't as good as the tap, and the bombers are overpriced.
The Junk Chips are a MUST order. They are a fantastically, greasy, salty, sweet, bbq-y (?) chips and are so good with beer.
Was in Vegas on business and visited Todd English P.U.B. as it was right by my hotel. Best tuna burger I've ever had!!!! I would definitely go back.
Great food and service. I love their Dirty chips and lobster roll. It is on a pricey side. Happy hour between  3 to 6 PM and 10 to Midnight. . . Highly recommend this place!
Came here for lunch with a few friends. The place was packed!  The staff were friendly and place was clean and very nice decor. We sat at the bar. I ordered my drink and I wasn't to hungry but I tried the duck bun! It was supper good. It came with four bun.  My only complain would be if they can use less sauce on the duck. Overall would definitely come back and drink some more!
Pie Glorious Pie!. . I went here with one sole purpose. Shepherd's Pie. Get in my Belly! It was my first Shepherd's Pie and will definitely not be my last. Delicious flavors and great service. Beer menu is quite robust and the prices aren't too bad for being in the heart of City Center. Would go back.
You gotta have the Junk chips! Also,bloody Mary bar was the best one I have ever seen..service and atmosphere were great...can't wait to re-visit...overall-great pull!!
This place is great.  We were there for the afternoon happy hour and enjoyed great wings, oysters, and sliders.  Everything was fabulous!  The beer and drink selection was extensive.  Our server was super hip but very friendly.
I remembered that all the servers seemed to have the English Accent. The beer was good, but the fries were fantastic! This was back when it first opened, but I only started to do this Yelp review.
Props to Todd E.  This place is much better executed than his other concepts I've eaten at.  Busy, very popular.  Ridiculously high prices for an excellent beer selection. Lobster roll delicious but dripping in butter and sauce.
I stopped here for lunch today with my fiance and two of her co workers.  We were staying at the Aria and weren't yet ready to head to the airport and so decided on this place.  What was nice is that whenever I checked in here on Yelp I got a check-in offer for a free bud light.  While I am not in any way a bud light fan and often avoid it, I love anything free and so eagerly accepted my beer.  Since it was a nice day we decided to sit outside and so I cant really comment on any of the decor inside of the restaurant.. . For lunch my fiance and I decided to start off our meal by splitting the fried pickles appetizer.  We were pleasantly surprised by the mound of pickle chips that came out and were also impressed by the choice of three dipping sauces: a BBQ, a Blue cheese and my favorite, a spicy sauce.   The pickles were fried nicely and had a good crisp to them and I enjoyed pairing them with the different sauces.  For my lunch entree I decided to go with the Caesar salad after a week of gluttonous eating while my fiance decided on the lobster Cobb salad.  She was nice enough to let me enjoy two of the claws and the lobster was good being sweet, tender and seasoned perfectly.  My Caesar salad was decent sized although I was a little confused whenever it came out topped with tomatoes.  Yes it helped dress up the presentation but I have never seen tomatoes on a Caesar salad before.  The salad was also loaded with dressing which I personally love but know that many do not.  It tasted decent enough but wasn't anything terribly exciting, not that I was expecting it to be.. . The bottom line from me is that I would head back here again in the future.  It had a great location with outdoor seating in-between the Aria and Crystals and some of the food was really good too.
Great food ...extensive beer menu (and I'm not a big beer drinker) ...fantastic service ...was here with colleagues from work during a trip to Vegas. Had the CBLT and loved it! Will come back...
Sadly, we didn't have a whole meal here. We stopped in for a couple pints and snack at the bar in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. . . We sat at the large, comfortable bar near the raw bar and where some nice ladies were putting together gigantic bloody marys. Our bartender was quick, friendly, and knew her stuff. We had a couple beers which we hadn't seen in our home market and the mini corn dogs. Holy crap you guys, those were the best corn dogs I've ever had. We really should have gotten 2 orders they were that good. It was probably one of my favorite places we stopped in Vegas.
5 stars for food... minus 1 star for service.  A customizable bloody mary menu... sign me up over and over again... I'm a new fan!. . Came here for my final meal before my flight back home, and one person in our party was insistent on finding a place to eat that would allow her to watch her beloved Eagle's game so we walked around a while to find a place that fit both and could fit us in around the Aria (where we were staying), and Todd English P.U.B. was the perfect fit.  Despite a packed restaurant, we were cordially greeted by a nice hostess and were seated after a brief 10 minute wait.  Water came quickly to our table, however it took ages for our waitress to come to our table.  After she took 4 orders from our table, she walked away having being pulled away to take care of another table's check who had been waiting over 15 minutes to receive their bill so they could pay and leave.  So we ended up having to wait even longer for our food to be ordered.  When the waitress finally came back after waiting for another 20 minutes one person had a question about the brunch items on the menu (mind you we came in 1.5 hours before brunch ended on Sundays) and our waitress again stopped taking orders and walked away as she didn't know the time and how late brunch wasn't offered (hello it's on the menu... we had cell phones and watches to give you the time).. . Finally our waitress came back and we were able to get our orders in (and we made the brunch window) and a few of us had fun customizing our bloody marys.  The waitress who took our order for the bloody marys was super helpful, she guided us through everything and answered the ton of questions we had.. . Luckily, the time for our food to arrived was minimal.  I ordered the lobster eggs benedict and it was super delicious and beyond stuffing.  My bloody mary was amazing!  I normally am not a huge fan of bloody mary's, but I'm glad I reserved judgement and tried it out.. . So for anyone who wants a place with casual dining and great food I would highly recommend it!
A 1/2 yard of a great beer and excellent lobster sliders...what else do you need?  Next time, I'll pass on the homemade potato chips as they weren't very crisp.  The fries one of my friends had were far better.  All in all, great place to grab a drink and relax with what little money is left after making a donation in the casino.
Two of my favorite words are happy hour. Happy hour twice a day every day makes me really happy! Happy hour at Todd English P.U.B. runs from 3-6 pm and then from 10 pm - midnight. . . On our first evening in Vegas, my husband and I walked down to this pub for the afternoon/early evening happy hour. We found two seats at the bar, and after a slight wait for service, were helped by an incredibly friendly bartender. This place has an incredible beer list, including one of my favorite beers, the Double Jack. We enjoyed our time at P.U.B. so much that Friday, we returned for the late night happy hour on Saturday with two of our friends. It was much less crowded so getting four seats at the bar was no problem. Again we had super friendly service (much quicker this time too) and our friends were successful in the "7 Second Challenge" (chug a pint of beer in seven seconds or less) so they got their first drinks for free!. . The only food I tried was the grilled cheese with brie and bacon. The bacon completely overwhelmed the sandwich and there was just too little brie cheese. I wouldn't order it again, but I would go back and try more of the food. . . I will definitely be back at this place on my next visit to Vegas because of the really good happy hour. Check their FB page for the deals!
Love the happy hour specials here $1 wings and half off pints of beer .... Also the duck cakes are amazing ....junk chips have to be my favorite ... Only draw back I would say is  consistency on wings ... One day they are huge one day they are small ... Other than that great place to grab a drink and have fun with friends
I was in Vegas for 3 days this month and every day included at least one visit to Todd English P.U.B. My husband and I loved the food and the atmosphere-unlike most restaurants and bars in Vegas, Todd English actually has windows! and light! We didn't feel like we were in a cave or that is was the middle of the night in the middle of the day! Just an overall fun atmosphere with great staff to boot.. . Onto their food....they know how to do bar food right! The Lobster Rolls are a must-warm and buttery with big chunks of fresh lobster-so delicious! We also tried the loaded chips that are HUGE and very tasty. The footlong hot dog with chili looked ridiculously good along with pretty much everything else that came out of the kitchen. They also have an awesome Bloody Mary cart on the weekends where you can create your very own bloody with anything your heart desires-pickled green beans, bacon, cheese, carrots, celery, housemade infused vodkas....the list goes on, and on, and on-these creations are like a meal in a glass and the perfect way to start a day in Sin City! Lots of TVs, good crowd, definitely worth a visit!
My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for just a few nights but I knew I wanted to come here when I saw the Candy Corn Martini featured on the Todd English P.U.B. Facebook page. We were staying way off the strip for a conference but I called and spoke with a friendly and helpful hostess named Shahia (I know I just jacked up the spelling of her name! Sorry!) She was so sweet telling us the best way to find the place since we were taking the monorail! When we made it, we greeted each other like old friends! I loved that!. . We sat outside so my boyfriend could see a bit  of the World Series on the outdoor TV. We had Corey as our sever, he was just as friendly and fabulous as Shahia! We started with martini's (my one Candy Corn martini was enough...it was VERY SWEET but so festive!) We ordered the Ahi Tuna Tar Tare as a starter...This was so delish! I highly recommend it! I had Steak Tacos and my BF had the Sheperd's Pie which was also very very good! . . We had a great time and a great dinner. Maybe too many Strongbow Ciders and Fireball, but hell...we were in Vegas! We really enjoyed our last evening there and the service Corey and Shahia provided was great! We will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas! . . I highly recommend anyone else to visit Todd English P.U.B. also, you will not be disappointed! Thanks!!
Definitely a Gastropub experience, I came here for an after-lunch not quite yet dinner snack/meal :) . . Service was friendly and attentive even during a packed happy hour. They even have a bathroom attendant! They have a great happy hour though we decided to steer away from the happy hour food menu to try other things... We literally were drawn in by some of the burgers and meat slabs we saw from those sitting outside.. . Off of the Carvery menu we ordered 8 oz of the Prime Beef with the horseradish sour cream and TE BBQ sauces... so good! My favorite out of the two was the horseradish cream. We also had the waffle fries, which were awesome. We'd love to be back from something off the carvery menu or to try their burgers!
Came in for Happy Hour because of 50% savings on fresh oysters, beer (draft & bottled)-domestic & imported and snacks. PUB extends Happy Hour prices to table seating in addition to cozying up to the bar(which always seems "packed in like sardines"). Everyone is so friendly and service was fast. We felt like we were somewhere in England surrounded by white tiles like the underground trains. Yet, you knew this is just transplanted decor as hard rock bleared, adding to gastropub ambience.. . After slurping down oysters and beers, we ordered pub sandwiches. You have a choice of 1/2 pound or 1 pound portions. 1/2 pound was plenty enough! The pastrami was not your typical deli-style thin cut slices but was served as tender chunks with your choice of fresh baked bread and 2 sauces. Gosh, I couldn't resist truffle mayo to accompany my sandwich. Meanwhile, my husband chose the 1/2 pound crispy duck legs (you get 2 legs & thighs). He shredded/pulled the duck meat off the bones and filled the bread. He also chose the truffle mayo, although the maple soy glaze would have worked well with the duck. Yummo!. . In the end, we stayed for 2 rounds of beer & were filled with our delicious selections. I'm so full, I need to lie down!  We'd gladly return to PUB during our stay in LV but, we're running out of time and want to hit the casinos.
Taste: 4. Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5. Atmosphere: 3.5. Service: 4. Bang for your buck: 2. . Met up with some buddies here because my buddy claims they have the best lobster roll... So after shot gunning some beers for there 7 second challenge we got some about 2 dozen oysters, the lobster roll and asparagus. The oysters were fresh and smooth alot of flavor. Now to the infamous lobster roll, now ive lived in the east coast and ive had maine lobster rolls and lobsters rolls from boston and those are gonna be hard to beat; the only place that i say came close is son of a gun in LA but this place is def on point. The roll is a nicely toasted butter smothered heavens gift to earth, the lobster is cooked perfectly not, chewy great flavor and texture. Overall im a fan of this  place great for beers and ill def be back for another lobster roll
Good happy hour between 3-7. The atmosphere was great and so was the service. The food was pretty good, your typical pub fare. My husband took the pint chugging challenge and won himself a free beer haha only in Vegas!
Hung out at this place twice during a 2 day stay at Aria.  Cannot beat the happy hour prices and selection.  Honestly I'm so thankful we found this place when we did so we didn't have to pay the typical vegas drink prices.  Also loved the discounted wings for happy hour (nice sized!).  The rest of the food was a bit pricey for the quality, but that's Vegas for you.  Had the tomato onion salad which was fine....overdresses and small.  The patra-minis were tasty but also just ok.  But the drinks make up for the shortcomings.  Service was great too.
This was another stop on our crazy weekend of my cousin's bachelor party. . . We stumbled (literally) into this place to drink and munch on some tasty noms. I was very happy that we did. This is a restaurant that I will be sure to frequent on future trips to las wages! . . What I got to quench my thirsts:. . Any place that serves yards of alcohol, gets two thumbs up from this guy! . . They have a nice variety of beers and ciders on tap to choose from to fill your yard glass. . . I chose to go with a cider. I am not too clear on what that particular cider was called but it was fruity with a pear/melon flavor? . . What I shoved in my mouth after:. . Drunk chips: House made chips, tomato, scallion, blue cheese crumbles, bbq beef ragu, scallion aioli.. . Do I really need to explain why these were delicious?. . Sliders: Mini beef burgers, caramelized onion, thousand island dressing, mini brioche, skinny fries. . Once again just the discretion alone should get your mouth watering. . . Great place with great food and atmosphere. I recommend eating outside on their patio if the weather permits.
I originally made reservations for Delmonico, but after realizing that it was just a little too expensive, I canceled and came here instead. I think I made the right choice.. . It was close to the end of happy hour, so I got a big pint of Stella for half off. Between the husband and I, we got the little corn dogs, prime rib chili, a chicken BLT for me, a burger for him, and he got the chocolate shake for dessert. Everything was amazing, especially the chili. They even honored my request of replacing the arugula in the sandwich with romaine. (Hey, what's with the funny look?). . The service was great. The atmosphere was casual and loud, but not too much. It is a little pricey, but it's the Strip, and you get what you pay for. In my case, I paid for getting stuffed, buzzed, and happy.
Good place to catch a game as they have TV's all over the place.  Good draft beer selection as well as a full bar.  On weekends, they have a bloody mary stand though I didn't try it.  They have a 7 day a week happy hour with half off drafts and some food specials.  Ended up coming twice during my last Vegas stay.  Have had a buffalo burger, chili, and wings, all which I was satisfied with.  The prices are more than they should be, but its Vegas so what can you do.
Free bud light when you check in with yelp!!!  Dollar hot wings after 11 pm!!!  Skip the oysters because they were not plump and fresh.  The sliders are ok.  In general, this is a low maintenance place to grab drinks and some food if you are staying at Aria.  It's nothing fancy but it's good fun!
Todd English's PUB is a fun place to visit in Vegas. They have a great beer selection (draught), not your typical American crap lagers. This was the first place I tried Innis and Gunn (a Scottish beer) and they served it at the perfect temperature. Of all the other places I've had it, no one comes close to serving it right. . . The happy hour prices are awesome: 50% off draught beers. Prices are otherwise high (lots of draughts start at $12+), but, as previously mentioned, they are good beers (lots of craft and European beers). You also get to sample their draught beers, so you don't have to blindly commit to a random beer you may not like. I have only sat at the bar, so I have never eaten food here. I can't comment on the food, but it appears their raw seafood bar is popular. . . The service at the bar has always been the same. Every time we go (my gf and I) our bartender will take a while to actually serve us (not too long, but longer than expected with the number of patrons that are present) and they won't be too talkative. However, the longer we stay the nicer they get. They are very informative on their beers and offer samples to the beers we are interested in trying. We have not met one bad bartender and we, honestly, have loved each bartender that has helped us. In fact, even thedishwasher at the bar was informative and very helpful as well. . . The only reason I give this place -1 star is for the price outside of happy hour. I understand it's Vegas and it's located within their high-end mall, but the prices are still extravagant. The PUB at Monte Carlo next door has a great selection of beers also, but they are not nearly as expensive. Regardless, this is a great establishment with great beer and wonderful service. I would recommend this place to anyone and have made this a place that I will frequent anytime I'm in Vegas.
We stopped here both trips to Vegas in 2013.  A fun bar with great pub food.  Fast drinker?! Try the 7 second challenge - down a beer in 7 seconds and its free.  Needless to say - I did not attempt, but my husband did with time to spare!  (Not sure I should be proud....). . Anywho - service was a little on the slow side, considering we were in during the early afternoon and it was not very crowded.  However, did enjoy the bartenders recommendations (even though he doesn't drink.)  He goes on what is popular and word of mouth - he was right every time.. . Lobster salad sliders for lunch were to die for.  3 mini sliders toasted with butter and huge chunks of sweet lobster.  served with a side of homemade kettle chips - nice crunchy and delicious.  Very happy with my meal choice, a good stop in Vegas.
