Bally's was my home away from home when I spent five days in Sin City. Though it is one of the older hotels on the strip, I didn't mind cause our room was in the newer north tower. Upon checking in, we pulled some strings (think $) and got upgraded to a suite on the Diamond floor, which is for their Diamond members. I'm not quite sure why they call it a suite because it is just a bigger room. I didn't complain because there was plenty of room for the four of us. They even gave us extra room keys and rolled in a fridge for us. Not bad for $185.. . I don't recommend gambling at this casino. My luck was terrible at Bally's; take the short walk over to Paris instead. Newer machines and nicer dealers. . . Last but not least, don't forget to check out the Tequila Bar downstairs!! You won't be disappointed, especially after a long night. Trust me :)
Classic LV...SInatra...GAMA tradeshow.   I really like this hotel...nice rooms...great food places....good staff...on the Monorail line....central to the strip
Nice enough.  Was here for my sisters wedding and could not afford the Paris so this hotel was great because it was connected to the Paris and could easily be accesses with out having to go outside. . Obviously not as nice as the Paris but we upgraded to the junior suite which was  large and clean and nice.    Didn't get a view but we did have a balcony. The air conditioners is a bit lo loud though at night.    Great location.   Your within walking distance to the best hotels so we felt like we Were right in the hub of things.   All and all it was a nice stay
This place looks like it needs to be updated to be comparable to other standards hotels have now. However, they play host to The Price Is Right Live and that is a plus. The area the theater in is not the best place for a long line for future contestants to wrap around, and I feel they should adapt to that or figure a way to rope things around.
We chose to stay at Ballys because of its price and location on the strip. Sure, its no four or five star hotel and it is showing its age and needs to be spruced up in some areas, but overall our room was very clean and the staff were very friendly. We didn't gamble here much since the crowd was a bit strange, but I would definitely stay here again. The $20 trick worked on the front desk attendant when checking in and we were able to get a newer room higher up in the newer tower, so that is worth a try if you go.
This is not the first time we've stayed at Bally's.  I love Bally's for the following reasons:. . 1. Location.  Bally's is pretty much center strip.  It is attached to Paris, just down from Planet Hollywood, and across the street from Ceasar's, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and City Center. . 2. Total Rewards property.  Bally's, Ceasar's, Harrah's, Rio, Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, and Imperial Palace are all owned by the same company and on the same rewards system.  So you can get points for gambling at any of those casinos and sometimes this gets you free rooms. :) . 3. Free shuttle to Rio. No taxi fare!. 4.  Nice rooms, good gambling, low drama. . . Suggestions for improvement: . Could we get a fridge in the room please? And maybe a coffee maker? Then you'd be 5 stars in my book.
I was actually pleasantly surprised with my stay ay Bally's over President's Day weekend.  I had booked a room in the North Tower for two nights for a little under $100 including taxes, which was a pretty good deal.  Upon check-in, my boyfriend pulled the $20 trick at check-in and was able to get us upgraded to a room in the Diamond Level...sweet!  The room was very clean and spacious and there was even an extra sink outside the bathroom, which was nice.. . Now I know Bally's is not the newest or chicest hotel out there but there are some great things about it.  First of all, it is located in the middle of the Vegas Strip and is connected to Paris...awesome!  Although older than a lot of casinos on the Strip, it is still in very good condition and very clean compared to some other places.  Plus, their slot machines loved me when I stayed over the weekend and I was able to win over $300 playing penny slots...woohoo!  I would definitely stay here again on a budget again and hopefully win me some more money ;)
This is probably sorta a 3.5 averaged out between my family's first visit last summer (for which I was not present) and the 3-night stay we just had this week. The highlight of the first visit was that my folks got their two separate rooms upgraded to a suite because they mentioned it was a family reunion (and also insisted on non-smoking), so that would've been 4 stars easily.. . As for this visit, we got a 2-bed place on the 18th floor, which apparently was a free upgrade of some sort for us as we had already paid for the room beforehand and were insistent on having a non-smoking room. It was reasonable, I guess - better than my previous recent stays and Stratosphere and Circus Circus, respectively - but the TV size location in the recessed armoire was kinda crappy because I couldn't see it clearly from all around the room. And before you laugh at me for watching so much TV, well, if you don't choose to gamble much and you're tired after walking around the Strip all day, you might be in your room watching TV as well. Oh, and the room was as far from the elevators as you can get - yay, sore feet!. . Still, the location was quite awesome, as we were within easy walking distance of all the good casinos - Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, the City Center hotels, etc. Since you can get a reasonable rate here compared to those other places, I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a reasonable deal at the heart of the Strip.
Do not come here expecting luxury. The rooms are in desperate need of some upgrades like new BEDS to start with. You can feel the springs underneath you - so not comfy. Everything about it feels old. However, I think the convenient location deserves 4 stars in itself. I did not spend much time in the hotel because it's right next to Bill's Gambling Saloon where they have $5 black jack tables, $1 margaritas and Newcastles, and a really fun casino atmosphere. I would never actually rent a room there, so Bally's is the next best place to stay.. . There is an Evening Call located within Bally's, which is a bar that serves those giant margarita yard sticks. They are open late and very convenient. They also have a bar that serves $3 beers all day/night!. . My boyfriend and I were unexpectedly upgraded to a suite upon check-in, but the excitement wore off once we actually entered the room. Sure it was big and spacious, but everything felt old and kind of gross. Not as bad as other hotels, though. But the suites are not worth the extra bucks unless you really need a lot of floor space. Don't pay for it.
I'm a member of their total rewards program, so get comped for free rooms and Bally's is always my first choice:. . Ease of parking and light walking distance to casino/room w/ luggage, elevators are plentiful and quick.. . South tower rooms have aged.. - no microwave, coffeemaker, or fridge. . North tower rooms are nicer but also beginning to show age - love the triple sheeting on beds.. - Fridge is is some of the upgraded rooms, but std does not have. . Internet access is reliable , wireless and wired, however a daily fee applies $14.  . . Walking distance to Paris, Planet Hollywood w/ ease.. . Pool access is w/ ease, large area to lay out and safe for kids (abundant low depth area for them to play within.  Pool area does not offer many shady options so be ready w/ sunscreen during summer heat!
The location is good for it's central spot on the strip and walking distance for Paris, Bellagio, and Cosmopolitan.. . We paid the extra $50 to get upgraded to a suite and were excited until we got to the room. Yea it was big, but it was just floor space between the bed and the TV. And the room itself looked really old and awkward with the railings separating the bedroom and the bathroom area.. . While we were unpacking and exploring a little bit, we heard lots of noises from the next room in addition to doors banging shut. My bf called the front desk to ask to get moved to another room and after some waiting, negotiating, and checking, we got moved to the North Tower for a standard room on the Diamond floor. Sweet!. . The room in this renovated tower was much much better than the old suite. It was smaller but overall it looked, and felt much more comfortable.. . Get rooms in the North Tower for sure.
Affordable. Centrally Located. Lots of Options.. . If you are a Harrah's property loyalist like me, you know that Bally's is definitely not on the high end of the company's charts, that is not to say, however, that Bally's is a dump.. . I had a quick weekend in town last month and wanted to be central to all of the properties, and figured I would give Bally's a try. . . Once I sprinted out of the airport Friday night in hopes of beating the cab-line rush, I had little wait and began the short ride to the strip. While I am not usually a huge fan of arriving late at night, it was nice to have no one in front of me at the check-in desk. The whole process of checking-in took maybe 5 minutes, and I was on my way to luck!. . The room was an upgraded room in the south tower, so a bit bigger than the standard, but nothing crazy impressive. . . My stay was problem-free, with my only complaint being the cost of wifi ($13.95 per day), but that is not a Bally's specific issue.... . The food on property was good, especially with Paris being connected. I strongly recommend getting the Buffet of Buffets if you go, it is 7 buffets across Harrah's properties for $44.. for 24 hours of unlimited access. My belt is reminding me that I definitely got my money's worth right now, actually.... . I would stay again if I was looking in a cheaper price range.
We stayed here a second time this past weekend. Last summer I was able to book a room from Thursday-Sunday through Orbitz under $200 (this includes tax!).. . This time I checked Orbitz, priceline, etc...and the rates for this last weekend were $300-$320. Since last year's stay I signed up for Ballys' Rewards membership.  I called Ballys to see if I could get a lower rate through them directly since I have AAA and their rewards membership.  I got a room for $201 for the weekend with their rewards membership (was cheaper than the AAA discount).. . Once we got there, we decided we wanted to upgrade to a room with a jacuzzi, so regularly that would be an additional $100 but the rep told me to wait til we arrived and they usually offer it for 50% off. They did! So the upgrade to the jacuzzi suite was only $50 a nite.  . . This room 'North Tower Grand" suite was a lot bigger than the traditional "classic" room they have.  There were His and Her Sinks/Vanities and closets. Separate shower and sunk-in jacuzzi. There was even a bidet which is separate from the toilet.  The only thing I didn't like is if u did have visitors come to your room there was no privacy after getting out the shower since there are mirrors all over the place (on the closet doors, vanities) u can see be seen in the room at almost every angle ! lol The only privacy u have is when u go the toilet (door) and the bidet.  Maybe the bigger suites have a closed off area when u get out of the shower.. . We always stay in the non-smoking rooms and they have accomodated us both times we stayed here.  The casino is a little smokey but we don't gamble so we don't hang out there much. The pool is pretty big and has lots of lounge chairs.. . Downstairs there's a mexican restaurant and the chicken/beef tacos are only $2.00 and are pretty good!   . . The bands they have playing their on the weekends are very good and it's free and casual to go in.  They require a 2 drink minimum to sit in their lounge, however when we went no one bothered us about this.. . I like Bally's because it's smack dab in the middle of the strip, the rooms are clean and once u get  their rewards membership card the rates are reduced! Will definately keep going back to Bally's!
I like Paris hotel but it can be expensive. So staying at Bally's is the next best thing because it's attached to Paris. The lobby, restaurants, and shopping areas at Paris are nice. You actually feel like you're in Paris. . . Fitness fees are outrageous. Same goes for Paris's fitness area. . . But this is right in the heart of the best part of the strip. Everything is within walking distance.
got to do a survey here watching a new tv pilot and got paid for it. busy casino area, clean rooms, and they have deal or no deal machine. Middle of the strip and easy access to the monorail - what more could you ask for.
This review update to Bally's is a little bit overdue (Jan '11) but I thought it'd be nice to share because my last stay was awesome!  Awesome because I scored a North Tower Deluxe Room for $47 night on Orbitz, and the fact that it was an actual mini-suite instead of the usual room.  Take a look at how cozy it was (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=3wAzfCPMSJYZfgUwvOs7bg).  What you don't see on the pic is the rest of the table with 3 more chairs, a sink and small fridge next to my bed, and a sectioned bathroom. That fridge was a huge bonus since I had a lot drinks I bought from Walgreens and ABC Stores and it kept them nice and cold.  . . And though it wasn't a Strip view out my window, it was still pretty nice to look at at night (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=xOS9JO7Axpt5kbWwiW6xyA).  This was very pleasing to the eye when I took my occasional time-out from the Strip. . . Once again, Bally's delivers on a great room with an awesome rate.  You can never go wrong with their North Tower.
I'm a big fan. Staff were super nice. Food a really good. Room service was quick, correct & not to hard on the wallet. I will be staying here again. It's the perfect location on the strip too. LOVED IT
Nice place. I love it that it is connected to Paris and there is a small food court on the lower levet. The rooms look lovely, new furniture, nice granite bathroom, the only that was old was the safe and the TV.  The pool area is really small and the music is really loud for the area size. . . The casino was fun, wish they had more Pai Gow tables.
I spent a lot of time here because its one of the few places left in Vegas that has Caribbean Stud Poker.
You can't beat Bally's for the price. One of the cheaper hotels on the strip that isn't nasty. I'm going to break this into 2 reviews, the hotel and the casino.. . Ok the hotel gets 4/5 stars. It was very nice. Check-in was quick and easy. The room was great. We had a jr. suite, which was clean and very roomy. Had a large bathroom and a separate vanity area, so my girlfriend and I could get ready at the same time with out getting in each other's way. We ordered room service a few times when we were too tired or drunk to go downstairs. It was reasonably priced (for room service) and was there pretty quick. The steak and shrimp special was just as good as the steakhouse downstairs but about 1/4 of the price. All the staff was very nice, without being overly nice or fake. The only complaint I had (and it's barely a complaint) was that we didn't have a "do not disturb" sign. I asked a maid on the first day we were there and she said she would get one for us, but we never got one. I didn't ask again because it really wasn't important. The funny thing was that when we left to check-out, there was a sign on our door. It just made me laugh, and in no way affected our stay. It was nice having the walkway to Paris, and the monorail station downstairs. . . Now for the casino, I'd give it about 2-3 stars. It's not one of the fancier casinos, but they at least try. Table games were nice, and 2 or 3 of the dealers were very nice and funny, but the rest didn't seem to care. The slots were ok, many of them were broken though. They are also kinda scattered around. You have to kinda search for the ones you want. My biggest complaint here was the drinks. I mean the best part of gambling is the free drinks, but the waitresses were no where to be found! I had to wait a long time for anyone to come by, and a long time to get my drink after I ordered it. I can understand when it's busy, but even during the day service was slow. When playing the tables immediately adjacent to the bar, we got plenty of service, but the waitress was very old and couldn't here well. She constantly brought us the wrong drinks. My girlfriend would order a mudslide and she'd get either a bud light or a mai tahi. Very annoying. . . In conclusion, if you are looking for a cheap place to stay on the strip without the hotel being sketchy, go to Bally's. Just gamble somewhere else. Paris is next door and a great casino.
This place is great. The rates are pretty reasonable, the rooms are nice and clean, the restaurants are good and the gambling is fantastic. I stayed here last year from July 13th through July 16th and I really enjoyed my stay. I also won a good amount of money, so that was nice, too.. . The only issue I had with the place was the check-in time. I waited in line to check in for around a half hour or 45 minutes. I usually don't mind waiting, but they should have had more staff on hand. That said, my luggage WAS delivered to my room so that was nice not having to lug that big suitcase around.. . Anyway, the place is great and is within walking distance of so many great places. I really recommend staying here!
I stayed here memorial day weekend and had a great time. The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. The staff at check-in even upgraded our room and were great at finding us the best room with a nice view. .   The deluxe room that we stayed in had great ammenities and everything was super clean. I would definitely stay here again and the location on the strip is killer!
This review is solely for my friend's wedding reception, which was great. 5 stars for the bartender, who if he judged me for alternating between manhattans and dirty martinis all night didn't let on, he just kept my glass full. They had lots of passed hors d'oeuvres at the start of the reception, and while I appreciated the variety, some were really great and others were just so-so. The lamb chops and the lobster wontons were stand-outs. Dinner was steak, and I think it was alright, but thanks to the martinis and manhattans, I don't remember many details about the dinner. There was karaoke at the reception, which was kind of awesome, only complaint is that the DJ was really cheesy, even compared to other wedding DJs.
It's not as fancy as The Wynn or Venetian, but it's not cheap and nasty as some other Vegas hotels.. . Have been staying at Bally's for the past few years and have had pleasant stays each time and highly recommend it.. . It's affordable and on the strip - the total rewards prices make it a better deal!
I don't know about you, but I didn't go to Vegas to spend my time in the room.  I haven't been to Vegas in 25 years (yeah THAT LONG ago) and I wanted to be on the strip.  Bally's was PERFECTLY located to everything north and south.  NO self parking fee, FREE valet (you tip of course), NO resort fee, as a Harrah's property you can go to 7 other hotel pools (we pooled at Paris and loved it), HUGE room (400-500 sqft), GREAT A/C, FRIENDLY staff throughout, CLEAN bed and bathroom ... what more do you need?  Was it fancy? No.  Was the carpet perfect? No.  Was the bathroom upgraded? No.  Was it priced right?  Yes! (Sat, Sun, Mon nite for avg $82 ea - can't beat that in the middle of the strip!).  We are supposed to meet up with friends at Mandalay in a couple of weeks at 3x the cost and very far removed from the middle of the strip.  Uh, I don't think so!  It's Bally's for us, time and time again!
Great hotel!!  Love the Diamond Lounge!!
Not a 5 star hotel, absolutely not bad though. I recently stayed here for the 2011 APP conference with a couple of friends in the south tower.. . Overall, I would definitely stay here again. The rooms were very nice, ALWAYS cleaned the next day with new sheets. Our room had an awesome view of  the Paris and Caesars. The only real downside was that the Wifi was expensive. . . But in terms of price and location? This place cant be beat. Right on the strip, Bally's is connected to the Paris (we snuck int the hot tub like 3-4 of the 6 nights we were there) and is within walking distance of pretty much anything you could need near the central of The Strip.. . All that, and the casino downstairs, the pool was spent with friends, and the casino bar was awesome.. . Can't wait for APP next year!
Just got back to San Diego after a lovely couple of days in Vegas!. Traveled via "Lux Ground" (see my review on that one- horrible!). but Bally's was great!  I had booked it on a fantasic deal so, honestly,. wasn't expecting much.  We arrived early and had no problem checking in. The gentleman at the desk offered- unprompted- to upgrade us to a large suite and we happily accepted.  Although the room/decor is very. dated...the rooms were huge in the suite!  Three "living room" areas, kitchen/bar, bath and a half etc... Tons of space, everything clean- I would absolutely stay here again.. . Last time I went  I stayed at Aria- which is *fantastic* but also paid considerably more.  I'm not much of a critic on most hotel rooms though since I never spend much time in them anyway- mostly a place to stow your bags and sleep.  So, given that info....I'd stay in Bally's next time without hesitation.
Hubby and I did not stay here but by the looks of their casino, location on the strip, and shops, it looks promising.
Still missing the wifi connection for free........ . . 1. Don't get a room facing the sun in summer, the ac can't keep up.. 2. Your people movers are DEAD 95% of the time, it's 110 in the shade and your movers are down, if you are going to havethem then keep them working.. 3. The down summer blanket was awesome :) thanks! . 4. You need to make a connection between the pool and the towers, your mall isn't great so the idea behind making everyone walk the mall isn't working..  Your hub for the monorail and the pool would get more business if you made a cross connection for us to use.  After walking all day than having to walk a mile to the pool is crazy.... . 5. Just update the rooms a little is all I ask, but hell it was cheap so I guess I get what i pay for . . see ya 10/31- 11/7 :)
2$ tacos at the restaurant next to the sidewalk cafe to soak up the daiquiris you have consumed.
This review is on our staycation in Ballys from July 14 to the 18, at the south tower..    Ballys best feature is its location. It is attached to Paris, across from the Bellagio and the Flamingo. Caesars Palace is diagonally across the street..     Our south tower room was spacious and clean. Although the north tower is supposed to be the nicer of the two, the south tower has rooms that overlook the center strip. In my opinion, there seems to be little difference in the rooms themselves (we have stayed in the north tower). As far as safety, when we stayed at the north tower, security manned the elevator banks. Anybody could walk onto a south tower elevator. The room numbering is confusing. It took me a good few minutes to realize that room 6008 is on level ten..     As far as Ballys casino,it served us more of a shortcut to Paris and the Strip, than a place to spend time in. It seems that Paris has more amenities than Ballys. Ballys does not have a big parking garage, and I parked at Paris. Ballys Coffee Shop closes at 2 PM, we ate in La Cafe. We'd have breakfast in Paris. We'd watch the dueling piano show in Paris. Ballys feels like an extension of Paris, and to me it seems like one large hotel..   I recommend Ballys. And there ar no resort fees.
Of the cheaper casinos on the Strip, Bally's has been the best I stayed at. Definitely a cut above LV Hilton, Excalibur, Luxor, Circus Circus, Stratosphere that I have stayed in recent years.. . My room was super cheap with Priceline air/hotel package. It was huge, like a studio apartment minus kitchen with a great queen bed, couch, 2 desks, big round table. I think it was in the North tower. Comfy towels. Super clean.. . My only real complaint is high price for Internet access, though I found Ichiban restaurant on P level has free WiFi.. . Free shuttle to Rio (10a-1a) was real handy as well. Rio has another shuttle to Harrah's so you can bounce that way to the other end of the Strip.
You know, Bally's isn't really all that bad.  I know that there are a ton of fancier hotels on the strip, but for being on the strip, Bally's is a great alternative if you don't wanna pay up the wazoo for a couple nights in Vegas.. . I was surprised at how spacious the rooms were.  We had two large beds, an ample seating area with another table, a vanity area, and of course the restroom.  The colors were very warm, which was nice and inviting as well.. . Every person we interacted with was super friendly and helpful.  When we were leaving, they asked us if we needed help with directions.  The valet guy also suggested Pho Kim Long for us to go eat at, which was pretty dang tasty.. . On our way out, we were asking about where to get gas so we could drive back to LA.  The valet guy told us not to go to the gas station right around the corner, but instead head on the 15 and get off at Blue Mountain Road (right after Bass Fishing Shops).  He said that Mobile Gas Station had the cheapest gas in all of Vegas.. . The only thing I wish were that it had more food affordable food options with some sort of food court.  But, I also like that it's connected to Paris so you don't have to go out in the blistering heat.  All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Bally's and would be more than happy to stay here again!
I love you but I don't. I have great memories here from last year when I came up with my friends but then again you just cheated me out of $40! Cruel Cruel Cruel.. The location is great and their rates are really affordable. The older tower has pretty outdated rooms so we always make sure to ask for an upgrade...even if we have to shell out an extra $25. They have a little Taco/Mexican restaurant inside which I believe is open 24 hours. I've spent a lot of drunk hours munching on chips and salsa with my friends. The margaritas there are also strong...and big. I remember them coming in a fishbowl. Good times.. The casino itself is nothing special compared to the surrounding ones, but it holds a special place in my heart nonetheless.
Thanks to our great friend, we were able to stay here for a really affordable price for 3 nights.. . The first night (thurs) we were upgraded to a resort-like suite; it was two stories - personally, I was really excited for this because I've never stayed in a hotel room with STAIRS. If we ever get this again, I'd love to bring one of those two story-long beer bongs that starts from the second floor so u can chug from the first. Yeah buddy.. Second and third nights we stayed in the diamond room, two large beds and we were able to ask for 2 more rolling beds. . . I'll just jot down some quick Cliff Notes:. 1) Not super glamorous like the Wynn/encore/ph/cosmo, but definitely not shabby/rundown. Just simple and clean-cut, which I'm more than happy with.. 2) Great location - pretty much middle of the strip.. 3) Right across the street (flamingo) there's a liquor store. So if you run out of your pre-gaming equipment like we did, you can just walk on over and buy a few bottles/chasers at affordable prices, no problemo. . 4) About a 5 minute walk from Ellis Island - an offshore dated casino that has awesome $4.99 steak & eggs and amazing beers (read my review on Ellis Island).. 5) Only negative I can think of: the TV's were very, very outdated. But uh, who watches TV in Vegas?
I was expecting old kinda grossness.. I was pleasantly surprised!!. . This is the perfect location. Right in the middle of everything.. Connected to Paris. So I live in Vegas, so I wasn't really trying to spend a lot of money when my friends came in to visit. They didn't see the point either since we would just be sleeping and getting ready there. Seriously, there is NO reason to spend $300 a night in Vegas. This place is nice! Be nice to guest services and maybe they will give you a free upgrade like I got :). . The room was nice.. clean.. no complaints! For two nights we only spent $260.. I don't think that is bad at all.. Cabs to clubs and restaurants were ok prices.. Don't spend a ton of money.. being centrally location is all you really should care about
I'm a fan of Bally's :) . . I've stayed here twice (once with family and another time this past weekend with my friends) and it's been a pleasure staying here because it is located in the middle of the strip and it's not a confusing hotel to find your room.. . Our room was nice and clean with a view of the strip looking toward Palms. The bathroom was big and everything was organized neatly.. . Only downfall about Bally's is it doesn't have an nightclubs or dayclubs. . . Bally's is good for having a place to pass out, get ready for the day/night, and watch Jubilee! (but with people ages 18+ because the women do go topless lol)
Several good things about this hotel have been mentioned before, but the main one is location, location, location.  Right in the center of all the major strip hotels. easy access to the monorail.  We pretty much walked every where until we went downtown.  . . We stayed in the south tower, but upgraded (for free) to a 66th floor room and had a great view of the Paris pool, balloon and Eiffel Tower.  We could also see the new Cosmopolitan.. . Room was standard.  No high def TV or fridge (a major bummer).  Internet is available for either hardwired to your room or wireless throughout the hotel for 24/hour at a time for a higher cost.  . . Parking is really at the Paris hotel so it's a little bit of hike if you haul your own luggage to/from your car.  Super easy access to the Paris hotel and casino though.. . We enjoy the morning buffet at the Sidewalk Cafe.  It's called a mini buffet but had all the standard breakfast fair and was filling enough for $10.99.  They give you a menu of what's on the buffet for the day.  Since I saw French Toast, I went for it!   When I got to the buffet, they only had pancakes.   I spoke with the chef working the buffet and he was able to score me some French Toast!  You can also order off the menu a le cart.. . For gaming, slots were OK.  One hint: play American Idol only when there are 5 people playing!   4 people were playing max bet, I was only playing the minimum (1 games instead of 5).  Because the others were playing max, the game seemed to give us all a lot of bonus rounds, some of which didn't matter how much you bet!  I maintained my bankroll while having fun at the expensive of others!  . . Also, if you like blackjack, I highly recommend 3 card poker.  I scored a few big hands my last night.  Always bet the 6 card hand.  I won a couple full houses with the dealer and a 5 card straight.  Fun game if you have a full table.  It also maintains a $5 minimum bet (for pair plus) which makes it one of the cheapest table games available.  Plan to play for a while because you will loose for a few hands, but when you get a strong hand, it will always pay off.
So the food isn't as pricey as I expected, the room is clean, and the one arm bandits don't make me feel stupid for losing my money in them.. . On the flip side, the people in room 750 are shagging way too loud..to the point of interrupting my nap. I mean, more power to them, but maybe make the walls out of something more durable than paper.. . Oh, and you have to pay for wifi PER DEVICE. Really? I can't use my iPad 2 and my laptop? outrage.
Prime location on the strip. Spa style tub. Complimentary chocolates. Bar and fridge. Bed to fit 4. Spacious living room area. Mini "gym". Enough mirrors and space for 4 girls to use without fighting one another. . I think I was pretty much set staying at Bally's
Bally's is 3 1/2 star place in my book.. The room was clean, but due for a renovation.  . Check in and checkout went smoothly.. The casino is casino themed.. Location is great.  It's about as close to the center of the strip as possible.. It's nice home base for LV Strip vacation.
Back again, I have to say there are only a few things I still hate about this property. . . 1. People movers never work, after you walk 10+ miles at the convention you want them to work BADLY!!!!!!!  . 2. I know you want us to walk through the mall to the monorail, but be real make a cut through..... . 3. WIFI! . 4. ONCE AGAIN fix the people movers, I know you shut them down on the weekends then turn them back on Mondays, been doing this same trip for 10 years now and the last 4 have been the exact same when it comes to the movers. . . I love my suite, but there are 28 channels and 25 are asian! . . D
Review for casino only.. . No matter where we end up staying, I always find myself having a great time sitting at the Rapid Roulette table by the lounge in the back of the casino. I always get fast service and enjoy the skilled cover bands that play at the lounge.. . From that table you can easily walk over to the Paris and grab a slice of Pizza or hit the buffet. . . Bally's looks very outdated when you're coming into it from the strip, but once you're inside you'll enjoy yourself as it's fairly modern for an older casino. . . It's certainly no Wynn or Bellagio, but I always enjoy myself here.
3.5 stars for Ballys. I like staying here because it's the middle of the strip and it's just easy to get around everywhere from this point. . . The front desk is always nice. The casino is friendly. . . The rooms are spacious and comfy. I don't mind either towers, south or north. The north ones are just a tad nicer. . . Not very expensive to stay here for the weekend. Bunch of roulette tables, two pai gow tables... and Paris is just a walk way.
Stayed at Bally's last time we went to Vegas because we got a really good deal. Yes Bally's needs a remodel because it's one of the older hotels on the strip... but it has one of the best locations! Right across from the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. If you get a room in the south tower you can see the Bellagio Fountain show. The service at the front desk, cleaning ladies, and bell hops were all really friendly to us. The rooms are simple... they aren't fancy like the Aria or Venetian but for the price you can't really complain.
The hotel rooms are big, the bed was comfortable, the view from our room was perfect! Sure the hotel is a little outdated, but its vegas, if you are in the room, you are not doing vegas! . . The casino was nice, the food was good, the shops downstairs were surprising. The fact it is connected to Paris hotel is perfect. . . For the price, location on the strip, it will be hard to beat staying here. If you want to spend 3 times the cost for the exact same room at a more expensive hotel, go ahead. But if you need a place to crash after a fun and exciting time. Then stay here, it's worth saving your money for more exciting aspects of vegas.
Been here a few times for conferences, so I know the conference center.  The casino floor is just about the same as most casino's of this size and is clean and spread out.  The employee's seem happy and enjoy what they are doing, at least today, they are friendly and talkative.. . This was stop number two on the monorail ride today.  Easy access and quick walk in puts you close to the action!
This has become our go to hotel. We normally get comped rooms from Caesars Ent and have stayed in all of their hotels (minus Imperial Palace, somethings I just won't do). Ballys is just right. Rooms are large. Not the best quality, but they are cleans and decent. . . Not many food options. The food court downstairs only has a few restaurants (stay away from the Nathan's!! Got a nasty stomach virus!). The best choice for a quick bite is the sandwich shop off the casino floor. Cocktail service can be slow (best bring your own).. . If you are looking for a midscale hotel that is centrally located this is your place.. . *tip. Take advantage of the complimentary valet parking for hotel guest
always gotta hit up the Indigo lounge every time we are in vegas
Ballys has nice rooms and a decent casino aesthetic (though a little out-dated) The casino is also host to the show, Jubilee which is great, albeit way-to-topless. It connects to Paris hotel/casino by a hallway of shoppes and is owned by the same man.. . The Valet is slow and often full but the self-park is a viable option for providers in a rush. . . There is no security at the towers. Oh, another great thing is that many of the rooms have Bidees(sp?) making it great for people who are there to engage in consensual greek fun.
This hotel is old, yes. But honestly, you don't stay too long in your hotel rooms so who cares? I won $40 in the casino at the fireball slot machine in the penny slots section off of $5! As soon as i pushed 40 credits, i won! not too shabby. The rooms and bathrooms are very outdated. They could use some help on that one but for the price you pay, and the location, you can't go wrong. As far as inexpensive fare goes, there's a sbarro, nathans, japanese restaurant, a candy store, and a few souvenirs shops which exceeded my expectations. They also have a steak house and a really good thai restaurant (which i loved, please read more of my reviews). I enjoyed my stay and would come back. You seriously can't beat the location. If you don't like it, leave the room and explore the Vegas strip, you're right smack in the middle of it all!
Not sure what rooms some of these other reviewers had, but I stayed on the 6th floor of the North Tower and was happy.  The large hallways showed a little age, but what you would expect for this price level.  My room was clean, large granite bathroom was clean, had loads of towels, and the room was a roomy 400 square feet (approx).  Free television.  . . The nightly entertainment in the nightclub lounge was very good all nights I stayed, and there was always a dance party going.  Really good house cabernet wine.. . Stayed in the North Tower more than once and I was equally happy each time.  Ballys is in a better location, and has larger, cleaner rooms for the standard 2 beds, than many of its price equivalent competitors.
It was year 2003 in vegas with a couple friends stayed at this hotel.  They ended up giving us the celebrity suite for the whole time and it was awesome. We paid the normal price of a regular room, hotel treated us very well.  There was really nothing to complain about except the fact I didn't get the chance to  use our own gym in our suite.  The place outside does look outdated but our whole entire suite was clean and modern. Shower was all glass, granite bathroom, jacuzzi bathtub was huge. Bed was comfortable. That was important.
Overall, I had a very pleasant stay at Bally's despite the fact that I had heard mixed things about their hotel when I booked my reservation. My room was large, clean, and aesthetically attractive with a comfortable bed. There isn't too much to do inside Bally's besides walking through their casino which was fine for myself because I mostly wanted to be out of the hotel and on the strip anyway. Their casino floor is somewhat cramped and loud, but it's also a kind of benefit because it doesn't take very long to walk through the building. Lastly, the location is a definite advantage because it's essentially in the middle of the strip and the walk to most of the other hotels and casinos doesn't take too long.
You get what you pay for.. . Stayed here 3 nights (Fri.-Sun.).  Rates were under $90 per night.  Stayed in the South Tower.  Rooms are large and outdated.  Yes, the carpet could use some work and the wallpaper was peeling  a little in the bathroom but the room was clean.  Bed was comfortable and we had a very nice view of the fountains and the south strip.  Really, like other have said, the single best thing about Bally's is the location for the price.. . The casino is nice enough, dealers were friendly.  Not a whole lot of food choices but what is there was reasonably priced as well.. . For the price we would stay here again.
We received a coupon in the mail for two free nights at Bally's because we were Total Rewards card members. We took advantage of this deal and it paid off ten fold. . . When we checked in, they upgraded us to a suite. The suite was HUGE! It had an amazing view of the south end of the strip. The bed was comfortable. The shower was clean. The decor was a little 80's but who cares? You hardly spend any time in the room anyways. I wish we could've stayed longer! . . Bally's is the perfect location on the strip because it is right in the middle of everything. It's connected to Paris and between the two casinos, they have everything you could ever need. I will certainly be staying there again (especially if we get a free coupon).
just stayed at bally's for my first time after purchasing a hotel/airfare with free show tickets package from vegas.com. after reading some of the reviews here i was concerned we wouldnt like it but i have to say we really liked it there. its no Venetian but its better than the Imperial Palace or Excalibur for sure. they treated us great all the services we recieved at the hotel from bell desk to housekeeping to gaming was good. they even upgraded us to the Grand Suite which is XXL in size and has a jucuzzi tub for free for valentines day. the floor our room was on ( the diamond floor) and room we stayed in was modern updated and very nice. so perhaps some of the reviews here discussing 80's style etc, is for a standard room/floor..i'm not sure. and the location on the strip is perfect!  if your use to staying at the Imperial palace or excalibur, harrahs ..places of that quality that then this is a great step up without breaking the bank :)
I'm definitely a fan! The location is great, right on the strip the rooms are relatively inexpensive. We got upgraded upon checking in to a luxury room for just $20! Blu Pool was fun & Paris is connected to it. Its a little older but I recommend it
Ok, so here's Bally's.  Friend Daren C's review of this one is spot on, but I'll throw in another two cents worth.. . This hotel/casino is modern, clean, the staff is friendly & everything is as it should be for a fun stay.  It's more or less in the middle of the Strip & attached to the awesome Paris Casino with it's excellent Le Village Buffet (Yeah!).  The deluxe rooms of the North Tower are large, nicely furnished, & everything is as it should be except minus one Star for the beds being a little firm for my taste (I'm spoiled with a butter-soft memory foam mattress at home), & also as Daren pointed out, there's no in-room fridge.  We DID have a nice big flat screen TV with lots of channels, 2 desks, a coffee maker, excellent temperature control, & a great view of the from our room up near the top of the building, plus complete peace and quiet.     :-). . The price varies depending on your playing record & so on, but right now for a 2-night weekday visit expect to pay about $140/night.  The South Tower is cheaper but also less wonderful, so I recommend staying up here, & have a great time on your trip to Vegas!     :-))
Me and my friends decided to stay at ballys because of their great prices. The room were so much better then I expected. We got an upgrade with our little trick;]. Our room was clean and spacious. We were smack right in the middle of everything. Overall great hotel
Over all the casino, decor and experience deserves like 3.5 stars but I gave 4 because they put us in a huge suite for what seemed like no reason whatsoever. This room had a huge master bedroom with an attached master bathroom with a jacuzzi tub in the floor and 1 separate room for the toilet and 1 separate room for the bidet. It also had a full bar and 2 huge lounging areas. Overall a very good experience.
Clean room and nice staff.
Convenient location...definitely considered "low tier" compared to the big shot hotels all around it like Caesars Palace, Aria, etc...However, for the price, it's at a good location and the rooms are surprisingly quite nice! Towels are plentiful, beds are nice and comfy, nice coloring/environment, and rooms are much bigger than I though! I honestly don't remember much of what is in the hotel aside from the rooms; I spent most of my time exploring the hotels around. Still, overall a great and cheap-ish place to stay (compared to other hotels), while still being able to be on the strip and able to walk pretty much everywhere you need to go (ex: Miracle Mile shop, Fat Tuesdays, Marquee...)
So the interior is not the prettiest.. but I've become quite the fan of this hotel. Great location right in the middle of the strip and it's connected to the Paris hotel! It's also a lot cheaper than most hotels with spacious rooms. There's also this little coffee kiosk right by the hotel lobby where you can do espressoooo shots shots shots shots shots shots...everybody.. shots shots shots (get it like the song?). Anyhow they're perfect right in the morning or before heading out for a late night of clubbing. This is the perfect hotel if you aren't looking for any frills and hey it's vegas you aren't supposed to sleep anyways!
Easter weekend we enjoyed a 4day 3night stay at this joint. . The first night we checked in late and they only had a king bed for two guys,mmmmm yeah problem. They assured me they would fix the problem the next night and keep me in an upgraded room/  My fault i didnt call and let them know this would be a late check in. No biggy they were quick to offer a  roll away bed, problem solved. Until my buddies who were suppose to stay at another hotel had issues with the hotel were the hotel ended up canceling there room and still wanted to charge them. Anyways the guys ended up bunking with me one had the cot , one had the couch , and yes I had to share the bed with another guy, but shhhh dont tell anyone.. The second day they kept to there word. I was asked to check out by 5 pm so I could be put into my new room. I didnt the room change with no problems.. They rest of the weekend when on fine without any issues, only the ones the alcohol caused. All in all I can see myself staying there the next time Im in town.
Hotel: $20 tip trick for an upgrade from a room in the south tower to a junior suite in the North tower for the WIN! Sounds like a big deal, it's not. It makes me wonder what the original room looked like. Our room was spacious and clean with a nice view but definitely worn. Not too shabby, just a place to shower and sleep nothing more. The 4 stars are for the overall customer service & location. We could easily get anywhere we needed to be from here by walking.. . Casino: I'd stay away from the casino (especially the slots) I wasn't at all lucky here.
If you're looking for a place to sleep in the middle/south end of the strip, Bally's is good option. As 20somethings, we've stayed here twice, and it's completely fine. You have to understand that you are staying at Bally's. "Stay Classic", not "Staying at the Bellagio". You're going to get standard services, stand in lines for check in, and get a decent looking and sized room. What do you expect for $40/night? It definitely fit our needs at the time.. . Rooms and bathrooms were clean. Beds weren't anything to write home about but they weren't rocks. Plenty of pillows. Somewhat confusing hallways.. . You're right across the street from the Bellagio and a short walk away from some of my favorite stops along the strip. Use your legs...walk a little and sleep at Bally's!
I came to Bally's this past week with a large group of people. It served us well with a decent clean room. Our tastes were varied and we managed to eat in two of the restaurants in the hotel.. .  I loved the Tequila Bar's food prices. The cup of chilli was actually to big as it was served in a bowl. I felt that I wasted perfectly good food. It was delicious. I did not want that amount. The only issue was the bar across the way had loud music. When I want a conversation with someone, I want to hear them well.. .  I went to the Sidewalk Cafe twice. Once for a late lunch. Once you are inside you enjoy the quiet atmosphere. The buffet is small but well worth it. I do not eat pasta so I chose a breakfast plate with fresh fruit and muffins. I brought four muffins to my room to share. The morning breakfast buffet was decent with a lot of the usual items. . I was in the North Tower where the attention to detail of the housekeeping department was outstanding. . . There is smoking in the casino and as a non-smoker I notice it. . . We had a great luncheon served quickly and courteously. The rooms for the conference had cold water available. I loved that option.. . It was easy to get around. Valet was excellent and very helpful.. . I totally enjoyed my days at Bally's.
First time staying here.. . Friendly service, good rates, clean rooms with good lighting and mirrors.. . The bathtub was oversized as well (nothing fancy but wider then the norm so that was nice). . Slept like a baby!
Stayed here for a week. Isn't the most gorgeous place on the strip, but it ain't the dirtiest.. This place serves all the needs I have. clean room & bed sheets, working AC & friendly service. Casino is decent and the casino directly connects to Paris Hotel.. If your on a budget with your wife/gf or just friends and want a nice decent clean room right across the Bellagio, this is your place.
First time staying here and had a really good time. We walked in and booked the hotel for that night as our previously booked hotel turned out to be... not great. Thank goodness Penny found us rooms to book for the weekend!! . . The room was really clean and we always found loungers at the pool. My only issue was that the hallway to get to the room was freeeeeeezing!!!. . Otherwise had a great time and would be happy to recommend to friends.
This is a pretty great location.  Located right in the middle of the Strip, next to Paris and near the In&Out.  The pool is pretty nice with a really large shallow end.  There is a nice food court down stairs with lots of choices.. . But there is a monorail station right out the front door and lots of shuttles to other casinos.
If you're doing Vegas on any kind of budget,you need to stay at Bally's and avoid everywhere else.  Your money will go further here than at any of the cheaper hotels.. . The North tower standard rooms are newer and among the roomiest on the strip for what you pay for.  The South tower rooms are older, and you might consider an upgrade.  It's generally worth it.  . . The layout of the casino floor is pretty intuitive and clean.  Bally's rests in the center of the strip with relatively easy access to the monorail.  They have a soft poker room (which is little more than a cordoned-off area of the pit), and some cheaper table games than you'll find elsewhere.  At night, they have a great cover band at the Indigo lounge.  . . Bally's also has an underground mall area with inexpensive fast-food type restaurants and shops.  Their sports book is also located down there, and although it feels like you're walking through a mall in 1986 with the reflective silver surface motif they have.. . There's plenty of parking in the lot that's shared with Bally's sister property Paris.  It can be a little tricky to find at first, but I've never had a problem parking there in my five or six visits.  Bally's is my home casino when I'm not travelling with the fiancee.. . There is no resort fee, but that also means no internet access.  If you really need it, they have a few kiosks, and you can buy time in five minute increments. I've never tried the pool, as I usually like to come off-season to avoid the famous Vegas heat (which is what kills you, not the humidity).  . . A budget-tier hotel is never going to get five stars from me.  But as far as your options are concerned, steer clear of the Luxors and Imperial Palaces of the world and stay in the heart of everything.
It may not have a cool theme, exquisite decor, or a bunch of fancy restaurants...but if you're ballin' on a budge, you cannot beat Bally's in Vegas.  Granted a couple of years ago, this was probably no man's land on the Strip, but since City Center opened up, Bally's is in a prime spot as it is connected to Paris and a quick walk to Cosmo.  . . Get a room in the North Tower as they have been refurbished and are nicer.  SEA Thai Experience downstairs is actually really good food, although pricey for what it is.  The tequila bar is open 24, great for stumbling in at 5 in the morning and getting $2 tacos!. . Oh, and the gambling is cheap! $5 minimums! YES! . . Drawbacks...Sportsbook is on the lower level, well hidden. So is the pool and spa.  And not too many hotties walking around...cause its cheap!. . Solid place though, and I would stay here again on the trips when I'm not looking to drop my savings on a room!
I have stayed here twice and have never had a problem. Check-in is always quick and easy, the rooms are clean and just good enough. They aren't flashy and there isn't a view, but you're located in the center of the strip with easy walking access to ANYWHERE. You can also board the monorail here to get to various stops along the strip. There is also an indoor walkway connecting you to the Paris resort and hotel. . . LADIES: The bathrooms at Bally's are spacious with HUGE full-length mirrors both inside the bathroom and on the closet doors. Love it! :). . The pool was a great place to relax, with a good mixture of sunny and shady areas to lay in + a bar. I would definitely return. The atmosphere is relaxed and feels like home to me.
Stayed at Ballys on July 2nd and although booking the South tower we were upgraded without even requesting it to The North Tower for just one night. It was a great, newly remodeled (and large) room with such a good view of the strip including the Bellagio Fountains...also the Late night lounge acts at the Indigo Lounge are always some of our favorite times spent in Vegas. We will defintly think about staying here again for an extended amount of time.
Bally's is located in the heart of the strip, across from the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. There is a long walkway to the front entrance of the hotel but the shops in Paris lead you right near a stage/ bar inside the Bally's casino. I noticed there are more gambling tables here than there are coin machines. I thought the girl dancers in the casino were very fun and lively; they added some flavor to the seemingly old and stale crowd.. . It was about 11pm and one of the dealers was having trouble adding the cards on the black jack table so I'm not sure if she was playing everyone fairly or if she was just having trouble doing late night math.
We didn't expect too much paying $30 a night in the middle of the strip but we were really surprised!  We ordered a room in the south tower for $30 a night but they gave us a room in the north tower which I thought was more expensive.  I don't know if we got upgraded or not.  The room was big and clean.  The only complaint was that it was 30 minutes to check in at 8:00 pm on a Sunday.  I would definitely stay again! Great Deal!
My Review: Male; Late 20's. . I booked a two night stay via the Total Rewards website for a Classic Guest Room for 25/night. We took a chance on this hotel, being this was the first time we were going to stay here. We loved the location, practically the middle of the strip, the pool, and the service we received at check-in. We were comp'ed a free upgrade after making conversation at the check-in counter. We usually try the "$20 sandwich" trick, but there was no need for it this time. The upgrade was great; even though it was in the outdated south tower, I couldn't believe I paid 50 bucks for a suite facing the strip with all the amenities the room had. It worked out since we were 5 deep. Overall, I wouldn't mind staying here again. For the price, you cant beat it. I recommend signing-up for the Total Rewards membership, we got a 45% discount off compared to other websites and if you sign-up online, you can get your card at the TR desk and get $10 playing credit.  . . GF Review: Mid 20's. . Pros:. Price + awesome free upgrade . Spacious room (HUGE)!!! Mini Fridge was perfect. Location, Location, location!. Pool was great and spacious! Kid friendly . White sheets ( Was a little worried because I hate those old red sheets in pics). 5 minutes to check in/ checked out by using the TV (no wait). . Cons:. Needs a little interior makeover into the 21st century- it honestly just needs flat screens instead of big tubes! But hey VH1 & Espn kept us HAPPY!. . Walk to Pool is a little far but worth it! WIsh they had outside showers to wash off. Would stay here again . . GF's Mom: mid ????'s . . "I LOVED the coffee!!! Better than MGM! OMG Jacuzzi/clean/view...Enjoying my LIFE SINGLE..."
This is not luxury BUT it's clean, amazing location and the price is right! We stayed here bc we gamble at www.totalrewards.com properties in the Chicagoland area which allows us to get comped in Vegas a few times per year.
I was PLEASANTLY surprised at how nice this hotel was for what I was spending.  On Yelp, this hotel only got 3.5 stars, but I think it deserves a solid 4 to 4.5.  We stayed in the north tower, which was everything we needed.   I heard the south tower  was not as nice because it wasn't renovated yet, but the hotel staff immediately checked us into the north tower anyway without us having to ask for an upgrade.  There was NO WAIT to check in at 730pm on a FRIDAY night, and expres checkout was so easy, we didn't have to lift a finger!  . There wasn't even enough cigarette smoke to bother me in the rooms or really in the casino (and I'm pretty sensitive).  The ventilation was awesome. The AC worked GREAT and it was central; not the archaic a/c box that sits under the window.  They also have 24-hr Sbarro pizza downstairs if you want it.  . Very central to everything; walked everywhere and we never needed to take a cab except we took one on the way back from NY NY... only about 8 bucks.. . The only drawback is I wished they had a refrigerator in the room.  That's it!. . I stayed in circus circus in June (during EDC 2012), and that place was a DUMP compared to bally's.. . HIGHLY Recommend this place for people who are on a budget but don't want to stay in a shit hole because of it!  I will deff be staying here from now on!
We stayed at a two queen room in the north tower. . [+] asked for a room upgrade during labor day weekend and we actually got it! from south tower to north tower, no extra cost either so yay!. [+] the room was pretty spacious. [+] Paris is attached and is right next door. [+] in the middle of the strip so it's a pretty nice place to be. . [-] casino is on the smaller side. [-] faaaaaar walk to the pool. . I would love to stay at Bally's again!
4.5 Stars . I stay at Bally's for a week and got to say it was good. If you looking for a hotel on the strip that near everything and don't want to pay a arm or a leg for it then stay at Bally's. Services was excellent and everything was close by. When I got there I ask if I could get a two queen bed instead of one and they upgrade me to the North tower deluxe room it was spacious, nice, and clean, and updated. No extra charge. The only draw by at that time was there was no refrigerator or microwave, but hey it Vegas I was going to eat out most of the time anyways and my friend gave me her cooler to keep all the drinks cold. Anyways if you need a refrigerator it $10 a night if you wanted to know. I pay about $30 something a night, Sunday to Saturday. I had a promotion code I got off the Internet. Also on the second day the house keeping staff notice a little wet spot on the carpet and got this air blower in the room when I came back they left me a message to call the front desk. When I called they ask if I was ok if they upgrade me to the honeymoon suite with a jacuzzi  and the view of the strip and the dance fountain show. It was nice got to say Bally's is a good hotel if you looking for a nice clean place to sleep on the strip and the price is just right. It also connected to Paris and in walking distance to everything. There pool isn't the greatest pool thought, but I went to other pools but for the price and everything I think it great. Oh yeah the Wi fi isn't free you have to pay for it so that might be a draw back for some.
I enjoyed ballys. It is worth it to upgrade to the north tower. It is newer, nicer, bigger. Stayed here for bachelor party. 8 guys in a queen room
I spent one night here with my girlfriend, one of our first overnight vacations. This was a nice enough hotel, though checking in did take forever. I don't blame the hotel staff though, they had a tour bus of non-natives trying to check in, so there was some confusion.. . After getting through that, we checked out our hotel room. It was nice and clean, though admittedly a bit dated. Still, enough for us to work as a resting point when we weren't in the casinos or walking the boardwalk.
Bally's was great, for the price. Nothing special or outstanding about it. The room was clean, bed was comfortable and the bathroom was spacious and nice.. It is the perfect location on the strip, can't beat that. I didn't think the staff was all that friendly, except the lady at the front desk when we checked in. I definitely recommend that you do the express checkout option b/c Sundays are HELL when checking out. They will also over charge you, as a hold on the account, and then when the your hotel charges go through, you should be charged the correct amount. We noticed our room total was about $100 over what it should have been, but we waited several days for it to clear and it was correct. . Overall, great hotel, clean and decently priced. I'd stay there again.
Played there many times but first time staying there. Room was big and clean. Would definitely stay there again.
I loved my stay at Bally's.. . Its not as cool as the other hotels or as new but for the price, it was great.. I love the locations, Practically in the middle of the strip. You're right across from Caesars and Bellagio. The pool area could be a little fancier like other Vegas pools but it gets the job done. The Bar by the pool makes really great drinks. The rooms were clean and we did get a decent upgrade. The staff was great. My friend got really drunk and threw up all over the carpet and they did a great job cleaning it, poor ladies. The bathroom was pretty nice. Our room was spacious. I would definitely stay here again but there's so many hotels in Vegas that I wanna try them all! I would recommend this place for someone who was looking for a great location on the strip  and looking to stay within their budget.
I love Bally's. SO many memories at this hotel. EDC, random nights of clubbing, birthdays, wild drunken adventures, and so much more! . . I love the Grand Suite. I've stayed at places like the Signature Suites at MGM and yes, the rooms are much nicer and modern looking there, but the Grand Suite here is HUGE. HUMONGOUS. CELEBRITY STATUS. So much floor space and an amazing view of Paris & the Bellagio fountains! If you're going with a group of college kids, this suite definitely beats trying to cram into the luxury suites elsewhere!. . Only downside is that everything here is a little plain -- not so much of the glitzy Vegas glam you might find at the Cosmopolitan! This place is definitely CLEAN (don't be fooled by the Best Western-eqsue decor) but just in need of a little update.. . Every time we walk from our room to get a cab we always get a few stares too. I always feel like one of the youngest ones here and this is definitely not the place for the "young & hip" scene! BUT the price is great & the location is AMAZING. Main exit gets you right on the strip & you're in total walking distance to Marquee!. . Check your Total Rewards hotel rates right up until the night you're going to stay. The prices tend to drop just before, and if you call the hotel they can adjust the price for you!. . Staff is super friendly. Make sure you tip! :). . AND FINALLY... If you come back from a night of clubbing with your friends, you MUST check out the Mexican restaurant (open 24/7) nearby the casino and get the super nachos!!! They're so big I bet not even 3 drunk & hungry guys can finish them! Show your total rewards card and you get a discount!
Considering I only paid $16.80 for 1 night (Monday, November 19th) I got a room in the south tower with an amazing view of Eiffel Tower and city center and partial view of Bellagio fountains. Room itself wasn't that impressive, but it served the purpose. Would stay here again, but finding the parking garage is hard!!
I would've given 5 stars if the customer service was better. Guy who checked me in wasn't personable and didn't even say hello. When I asked if I could see an executive suite for future party planning, he got me the book to look at. I would have preferred to physically see it.. I called down later and a nice ladyRita was helpful in telling me the types a d how if I came down later she would show me two. I went down about4 hours later and asked for her and this other clerk gave me the third degree asking if I'm staying there as if I needed to in order to see a room.. So she goes to the back to tell Rita and comes back to say they were gone and I could check back tomorrow or she could show me the book. I thought that was odd and decided to look it up on you tube. . The room I had in the north tower was huge for just me and the bathroom was nice but I think I'll be taking my business elsewhere for my party. a place of this reputation should give impeccableservice.
You really can't beat the value for such a great location on the strip.  Reserve at the north tower and you will get the newly renovated rooms with ample space, clean sheets, and a nice cheap casino to boot.
To say we love Bally's is an understatement. . . We love staycations. LOVE them. Safer for everyone on the road because if we drink we aren't driving, and it has a perfect location in the middle of the strip. Also, NO RESORT FEE. That is a huge bonus considering Treasure Island has a $25 resort fee per day! Not going to happen!. . We love staying on the strip in February because the prices are great and it is the month when we have almost always had success with receiving free upgrades in every hotel we've stayed in. Every time we have come to Bally's we have gotten an upgrade to either the South or North tower. One time we stayed in a regular room as well and it was still, just fine.. . For my bachelorette party we stayed in a basic suite. Huge bed, wet bar, table and chair and a nice bathroom. Bed was comfy, everything was clean, nothing growing in the corner or bathrooms and no bed bugs. Score.. . Not a big score? The pool. That's why one star disappeared. Horrible poo, not sexy at all l, old lounge chairs, and the only thing saving it was a nice bar that has my favorite drink at a reasonable price - Tyku Sake with club soda and a squeeze of lime. Delicious!. . The next time I stayed at Bally's it was with my husband. Free upgrade (since we are local, a Total Rewards member and only staying for 1 night), extremely friendly service every time we checked in, and the suites are wonderful. Sure, they don't have a step down like The Venetian, but this is a slightly older casino and I could pay $150+ for a room at the Venetian or spend $37- for a suite at Bally's and use the extra money for electronic roulette, booze and the Goldfish slot machine. I have posted pictures of the executive suite on Yelp and the tub is very large and comfortable -  my husband and I fit comfortably in the spa tub (mind you, he is 6' 7"), and not going to lie, everyone looks a little better on the "her" side of the his and her bathroom because of their very flattering vanity lights! Just in case you need to, they have a bidet on one side and a toilet on the other small bathroom. Just in case.. . Bally's is also connected to Paris which is perfect because we love Paris and Mon Ami Gabi! Just a quick walk over and we're there! No need to go outside and I love walking through the shopping area. For the price, the quality of the rooms is wonderful and the customer service at Bally's and Total Rewards in general is more than satisfactory. I love this place!
Wow.. I was thoroughly satisfied and pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed my stay at Ballys. . . First of all, we had a basic room for $40 a night. That is the cheapest I've ever paid for a nice hotel. This isn't going to be your fancy overpriced hotel, but honestly, for $40, it's worth it rather than paying $200+ a night. When you're in Vegas, you stay out most of the time. If you plan on staying indoors, I'm sure there are plenty of non casino hotels that are better for that kind of experience. . . Our bathroom was remodeled, study desk was a nice perk, and our sofa and bed were both petty and comfortable. Since it's connected to Paris and smack in the middle of the strip, le boyfriend and I had a lot of fun. . . We had up to $30 complimentary room service, which was delicious and service was great. We left our bags on our last day to go off and travel, which was really convenient. . . All in all, if you're planning a short stay in Vegas, or just want to save and get a hotel worth more than what you will pay, definitely stay at ballys. Thank you ballys for a great experience for my first time in Vegas.
Stayed here for the first time a few days ago. Not bad of a price, location and hotel.
Best value for hotel on the strip.  Smack dab in the middle of everything so hold on to your taxi money.  Some rooms have prime viewing of Bellagio fountains.  Seems nicer than similarly priced hotels and doesnt attract as many trashy people as them too.
75% of the time I'm in Vegas, I come here. It's sort of like a second home I guess. I know where everything is located and I hardly ever get lost here. We did a conference here and used their catering service as well. Everything was exactly what I've been expecting. This is Vegas, it has to meet or pass your expectations. I sat at a blackjack table for a bit and came up a lot then I've decided I just wanted to play for fun so I started throwing benjamins away like free sample!
I've stayed here a few times.  . . Very good value and lots of good specials.. . The rooms are nice, neat and clean, not that hard to get to like some of the hotels.  . . The moving sidewalks to the strip seem to breakdown some and it does take a few to get there but it gives you a chance to think about your day. . . GREAT location in the middle of the strip.  nice connection to Paris that doubles the size of the gaming area.
Four dudes decided to go to Vegas. If you know the workings of Vegas, you'll also know that four dudes in Vegas equals a whole lot of spending.. . That's why we decided to book the cheapest rooms in a classy hotel--kind of a cheap but great value combo deal. . . Bally's was the perfect choice. We paid around $80 for a couple of nights, but we booked early. It is a fantastic hotel that is decked out with everything Vegas,i.e. lots of shiny things, a casino, respectable rooms, a giant slot machine, etc.... . Best of all, it is directly linked to "Paris" and thus offers tons of choices for dinner, shopping, and excessive gambling. It also served as a great home-base in the middle of the strip to visit the best bars, clubs, casinos, and the like.. . I'd go here again for sure.. . -----. . Distinguishing factor: Best price/value combo in Vegas. Four-star hotel that could not be better placed in the strip. Did I mention they have a giant 10-foot slot machine?
Went for St. Patrick's Day weekend on a special to Bally's. Did early check in for $28. We were given the North Tower Rm 2213. Room was large and clean. Beds comfortable. View was nice and bathroom was also clean and served its purpose. Even though it was a smoking room it didn't smell of smoke. Staff was great and friendly. Room held up to 6 people. No troubles at all. Going back in June, for three more nights.
I stayed here a few weeks ago when my friend was getting married at Planet Hollywood. We chose Bally's because it was a) reasonably priced and b) connected to Paris, which is next door to Planet Hollywood. We checked in and the front desk employee asked us if we would like to upgrade to a suite for $25 a night. Was going to pass, but he told us it had a Jacuzzi, steam shower thing-y (clearly I was listening intently), more space, etc. We figured for 2 nights, why not, that's nothing split between 2 people. I am SO glad we did! I can't speak for the non-suites, but I LOVED this room. Walked in to a long hallway, huge bed, sunken Jacuzzi, big vanity on one side of the bathroom, etc. It was sooo worth the upgrade. Our key was a sonovabeeetch at first but it just took a little fiddling with to figure out the system's quirks. If you stay here and they have a decent rate on suites, go for it! Our room was in the South Tower, which is the BEST area of the hotel to stay in for convenience's sake - if you look, there are other rooms that are wayyy further back. Let's be honest, nobody wants to be that drunk beezy stumbling an extra mile in heels at 5 AM (and this, ladies and gentlemen, is why I wear flats in Las Vegas).
I stayed for three nights in a North Tower Deluxe room on a smoking floor with a King Size bed, starting the day after St. Patrick's Day, and I have to say, I really enjoyed this hotel. . . My man and I are Total Rewards members, and we like to do a little gambling. We were originally slated to stay across the street to the north at Flamingo, but the guy on the phone was new or something and never actually entered our reservation... hence how we ended up at Bally's. The only problem we had the entire stay was at check-in when we were told we would have to pay a mandatory $18/night resort fee, which would entitle us to the use of internet and the gym. (Neither of which we had any intention of using, by the way.) This is apparently a new policy. I relented and paid the ridiculous fee plus tax, but my man put up a bit of a fight because he was told over the phone that the fee would be waived for us. It took about four hours and them actually going back and listening to the phone call where he made the reservation... but we came back to the room that night to a voice message from the front desk saying that we were in fact correct - it had been waived - and we could pick up our cash deposit anytime. Interesting start to our stay, but I will say, it was resolved in a timely and complimentary manner.. . The room itself was incredibly large, to the point where I thought there really should be more furniture in there to fill up the space. Perhaps a bigger couch and a fridge, guys? The room looked fairly updated and was quite clean, despite it being on a smoking floor. The smell was never really an issue either. The bathroom was nice, we never needed housekeeping, and my only complaint was that the toilet flushed TERRIBLY loud.. . I really love the location of this hotel on the strip, and I also love that it's connected to Paris. This part of the strip is my favorite, because it is just steps away from Planet Hollywood, which is also a favorite place of ours for gambling, and houses my favorite restaurant, Koi. Bally's also has easy access to everything fun, including my favorite Vegas destination across the street: Caesar's Palace. It was a bit of a hike from the parking structure to our room, but I didn't mind the walk. We had a great time at the casino, winning and then ultimately losing all our money at Blackjack. Drink service was pretty good and consistent in the casino as well. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants here, and it was too cold to use the pool. Next time!
I stayed here this past weekend.  It is on the main strip so very convenient.  I will definitely stay here again.
For the price, this is truly a great hotel. I mean, the rooms are spacious, the hotel and casino seems safe (no lurkers), the price is right, what more can you ask for?. . We have stayed here a hand full of times, and have even gotten free upgrades to "suite" status at least two times. The suite was pretty nice, it had two of everything in it (bathrooms, tubs, sinks). and lots of space. We also get good deals, because of the Rewards Card. No complaints, really.
Not sure what people expect when staying here, for what you pay it's an incredible value. The hotel is older and the casino is not exactly classy, but the rooms are clean, spacious, and very reasonable. We pulled off $40 a night in January when we came here and for where it is located on the strip, it can't be beat. Also was impressed with free parking in a garage. . . They have cheap tables ($5 minimum) during the day which is good if you just want to drink and kill some time. If you want to go out at night, they are close enough to all of the major night spots on the strip that you don't have to cab everywhere. I'd definitely recommend if you want to save your lodging money for other things in Vegas.
Bally's!!! Love your massive rooms! I can roll around on the floor! Totally cool!
I love staying at Bally's the rooms are priced fairly for what you get if you stay in the North tower. That just happens to be the tower I prefer. I have honestly never stayed in the other tower. The employees are nice as well only thing I do not like is they now charge to check in early. :(
From the outside you might see a tired appearance of a once mighty hotel/casino in the middle of the Las Vegas strip.. . On the inside, you'll find a comfortable and reasonably priced resort.  I stayed here during a recent business trip in a renovated North Tower room.  It featured a flat screen TV, fridge, and a nice clean bathroom.  The bed was comfortable, the room temperature was comfortable, and I was very pleased with the accommodations.  From what I gather, the South Tower rooms, while cheaper, are not as nice as the North Tower rooms.  . . Every morning while walking to the elevators the cleaning staff would great me with an unsolicited "Have a great day!" or a "Good morning!"  That's a nice touch.. . For meals, you have a few options. A cheap breakfast on the strip can be hard to find.  At Bally's for about $15/person you can get a solid breakfast buffet and a cup of coffee. Maybe it was because I was there for a convention, but expect lines if you're not there by 8AM.. . I didn't really sample the rest of the restaurants, save for the Mexican place late on a Saturday night.  It was packed, and the service was a tad slow, but that was expected.  The food was reasonably priced, and while not stellar, satisfied my weary traveler empty stomach.. . Bally's is a short walk to the monorail, and from there it's a short ride to the Convention Center or any other place on the strip you'd like to go.  Fares are reasonable and better than walking or driving.. . Overall I was pleased with my stay, and I look forward to coming back.
We stayed in the secret suites. Essentially, it is two connecting rooms but one of the rooms is a two room suite, so we had 3 rooms. It was a master room with a jacuzzi, king bed and a full bathroom, then a living room with a sofa pull out (and bathroom), and then regular room with two full sized beds (and another bathroom). The rooms weren't updated, but they were nice. They had the sheet comforters (the kind where the blanket that touches your face is washed every time a new guest stays the night). . . Ballys location is perfect too- right in the middle of the strip. I'm not sure how much we paid for our suite, but we comfortably fit 10 people (and that's with only 2 people in the master suite).. . The pool was great too. There were plenty of seats and the pool was fun- low key, with small groups of people and not too wild. There was a dj at the pool too. Here are my critiques about the pool though- we had a cabana and reservations were a nightmare. My sister confirmed the cabana multiple times on the phone and in person when she got there on Friday. On Saturday morning, they "lost" the reservation again and we were bumped to another cabana, so definitely get there early. The pool servers include gratuity on their checks- just be aware so you don't double tip. And there are two food menus- don't order off the pool menu- my husband ordered chicken quinoa (because everything else was sold out at 11:30 am), and there was no chicken. However, if you order the room service menu, then you have to pay a $5 delivery fee for the first item (and it goes up depending on what you order) on top of gratuity (which isn't really worth it when you don't order a lot). Instead, grab lunch at Nosh inside the casino.
Pound for pound this is the best bang for buck on the strip!  I stay here often because it is centrally located to everything I want to do, and there are shuttles running to Rio where I play a lot of poker.  The Casino itself is pretty nice, but feels small to me for some reason.  I haven't really had the chance to gamble too much here, but I hope to later down the road.  . . The Rooms:. They aren't the newest on the block.  The rooms I have had were ok, but showed serious signs of age.  The bathrooms were especially non-elegant.  One time I had an ok view from my room, and the other times the views were pretty terrible.  I have stayed in both the smoking and non-smoking rooms.  I like that getting to the rooms is relatively easy, and that you don't have to go through a maze to get to the elevators like in other casinos.  . . The Food:. The local food vendors are not that great.  I have tried a few of them, and they are just "ok."  The Tequila bar is a place I frequent often due to their late hours of operation--very useful!. . Will I return?  Absolutely!  I hope you check them out too.  Enjoy!
Bally's Hotel really has me coming back for more. It is really our go-to place to stay when we visit Las Vegas. . . This is an ideal center Strip hotel if you plan on checking out all the local hotels, casinos, restaurants, and shows. No need for a cab. However, they do have a free shuttle that will taxi you to Rio. With location in mind, it is definitely not one of the newer, luxury hotels. It isn't even modernized with upgrades to this centuries decor or amenities. It is a very plain hotel. BUT!, it is always well maintained and pretty clean for the most part. . . Hotel registration and check-in has always been painless for us. Maybe 15 minute max wait whenever we stay here. Keep in mind, that when everyone decides to check-in all at once, it's going to take a while. Play the numbers right, and don't check in when it's too busy! Go grab a bite. We always plan ahead, always have your ID, credit card ready, and be nice to the front desk clerk! You may even get a nice upgrade. We usually do.. . The pool and the atmosphere is also a nice amenity for us. It is a very basic pool  and deck. Mostly sun, some shade. The scene is never obnoxious and usually more mature. A plus for us. Service is usually pretty good. The only negative I must note is that the lounges probably should be replaced or repaired. I'd say about 10% of them had a strap or two busted off or were very worn. The attendants were passive with not checking for room cards and even outside food and drink that so many patrons bring in. I assume they are aware of this practice and really don't enforce the "rule" since the crowd is pretty tame. Another plus for us. Usually a bucket of beers on ice (five, one pint aluminum brews) will throw you back $35.. . As I mentioned, we usually have an upgrade to a North Tower Suite. Just like the hotel lobby and grounds, the rooms are also pretty basic, lacking amenities other luxury hotels boast. Not a big deal for us. As long as we have a nice bed and shower for a few nights. Not going to huff over an iPod dock and roman shades with a remote. When we want those things we will stay and pay somewhere else. . . We always enjoy the walkway from Bally's to Paris. Always air conditioned and scenic! Save the heat and traffic from the walk outside for the night time. Always a good crowd outside Bally's on the boulevard during the night. . . Really a good hotel for your buck! Please continue to be nice to us Bally's and please be nice to Bally's!
I stayed in a no frills type of room but still had the comfort I wanted on vacation. The beds were super comfortable.. . - On The Strip. - Can walk straight into the Paris Hotel without going outside . - Pool access . . Can't really ask for more, for the price.
I actually enjoyed my 6 day stay here for EDC. I thought because it was one of the older hotels that it wouldn't look nice, but I was wrong. Its very clean and didn't look old at all. We paid for 3 days and the other days were comped. Very cheap and ok looking place to stay at!. . We chose the room with two queen beds, which was nice, spacious, and clean looking. . Big one bathroom, but only one person can be in there at a time since there's only one door to lock. . Nice big closet mirror. and extra mirror on wall above makeup table. . There was another bigger table with two chairs, a small couch, and tv.. No fridge and you got to pay $3 to use safe per day. . . Housekeeping was really good. When we asked for housekeeping, they . came and finished within an hour while we went to eat. . . We had to check out by 12 and that was late checkout.
This hotel offers very good rates and a very good location. The rooms are in pretty decent shape and without me having to play the 'tip front desk' game I've always gotten a nice room (even though my status with Total Rewards is 'Dirt(tm)').  A lot of rooms also have a view of the Bellagio fountains without the Bellagio price. . . It's unfortunate that they now started charging a resort fee, which does include Internet, but just for one device. Who know only has one device for Internet? I know i don't. A prop tip, if you have a laptop you can download an app called Connectify for free, plug your laptop into the wired connection into the room, and then share out the internet to all your other devices. Internet speeds were decent. . . Maybe I got lucky the few times I've been there but the rooms have had flat TVs and comfortable beds both times I've been there, and for the net of around $60 per night and being able to walk to everything on the strip, I will stay here again.
Bally's is a great place to stay. The rooms are clean and surprisingly big. All the employees have been great; willing to help you with all your needs. Great bands in the Indigo. You sit at Sully's Bar and here the music and still be able to have great conversations without screaming.
Kasha assisted me in check in. She was pleasant and hospitable. She took some extra time to answer many of my questions. Excellent service above-average rooms great location.. . Krystal at the box office was also stellar. Cheers very pleasant and accommodating also answered many of the questions that I had. . . Service with a smile. This is why I come to Harrah's properties all the time.
Cean, quiet, spacious rooms.  And oh yea, $50 a night before dumb resort fees.  Yes please.
Came to Ballys for my youngest boys 21st along with his two brothers. Came in around 5pm walked in and got our room. Got a room in the North Tower Room 2251. Excellent room and view of the Strip. Room was big for 4, as well as clean. Beds comfortable and restroom served its purpose. Staff was professional and helped out anyway they could. No problems at all. Would stay here again.
Overall this is a great casino to stay in while in Vegas due to the fact it is on the strip and also in the middle of the stip.. . This place always give me great deals (most times comp rooms). They are upgrading their rooms which is nice. . . This time, we got to stay on the Diamond floor...I guess it's just higher floors because the rooms does look the same as the regular rooms. They did offer us a mini fridge which was really nice to have in the room for our drinks.. . I have yet to try their suite....hopefully one day soon :)
Came by for a two night stay over the weekend. Despite being an older, less-well known property, the experience was okay.. . The lobby area was well ventilated (i.e. no cigarette smoke, unless you're standing next to someone who's smoking) and the staff is friendly.. . Unlike the Flamingo, the elevator setup was staggered so that floors 16-26 are on a separate set of elevators than floors 1-16.. . Did the $20 trick, and we got upgraded to the Diamond Floor with a larger room and 2 beds.
I had a great stay at Bally's. The staff were super helpful with any questions I had and very friendly. We stayed in the North tower and though we had a view of some construction going on (which won't be forever) I had no problem with my room and I really loved the marble bathroom.. . The food court was convenient, if you happen ask Paris if they have a food court, they'll direct you to Bally's food court since they only have restaurants. I ate at Bally's Ichiban sushi restaurant which is a little hidden on the way to the pool but if you find it its tasty and not too expensive. Overall great location on the strip and very helpful staff.
Last time in Vegas we stayed at Luxor (for sure we will NEVER return). Room was pretty decent and clean - great price - perfect location on Strip - very decent amenities around shared with Paris. The only thing is the vent at bathroom wasn't working - for those who like shaving after shower this is very annoying - at checkout they told me to ask for South Tower next time... I will.
For one of the cheaper mid-strip hotels, I was impressed.  I was expecting less.  The decor  is outdated, but the bathroom was all new looking.  The room was quite large, with a king size bed, two desks, a love seat, chair, coffee table, and nice flat-screen television.  I was on the 25th floor with a view of the strip and Bellagio fountains.  I do agree that the pillows sucked, and the air conditioner made some weird noises while it wasn't running, but I'd stay here again.
The Bally's of today represents a Las Vegas of yesterday: A name for all to know, a location desired more than most, a mid level property for the people. Heydey no longer, more and more properties both new and renovated are creeping past Bally's as the decades roll along. Even then, Bally's remains a solid choice for the ever changing face of The Strip.. . As a part of the Caesars Entertainment family, Bally's is a part of the largest gaming corporation in the world. Total Rewards lovers can earn and spend their points here where the comps are easier to utilize than higher end properties. The casino itself is rather average by today's standards with a solid array of slot machines and just under 100 tables. I'm pleased to report Spanish 21 is available here and a beefed up a poker room is available for hold 'em lovers.. . The resort itself is as massive as it looks. Home to nearly 3,000 rooms, there is a good shot that there will be rooms here than a lot of the smaller places that sell out quickly. While the room rates will always fluctuate, the retail side of the hotel is reasonable for Vegas standards, especially when considering the middle of the Strip location.. . Hotel dwellers take note: If you're going to be situated in the North Tower, be prepared for Las Vegas circa 1995 rooms. If at all possible, try to get a Jubilee room, the equivalent of the GO series at the Flamingo. It's contemporary, modern, and a true surprise for Bally's visitors. Concierge is on point as always, a huge plus considering the grade of the resort.. . The best part of Bally's is also the most surprising: Major upgrades on the food front. Once considered the boring laughing stock of the local culinary scene, Bally's is now boasting one of the better steakhouses in the mid strip in Bally's Steakhouse (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ballys-steakhouse-las-vegas). Adding to the meat is their renovated buffet, the classic Sterling Brunch (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sterling-brunch-las-vegas) which has upgraded furiously not just in price ($40+ per person) but in the abundance of luxurious choices (especially on the sea food front) as well. BLT is set to come in sometime in the next few months and other quick bite businesses (::coughs:: chains!) will likely surface their lots come 2014.. . What's next for Bally's? Who knows. A face lift is most likely given the overhaul of Caesars property renovations but something tells me it'll all start from the inside out first. Be sure to enjoy Bally's before another classic Las Vegas property joins the present.
You can't beat this location. Nice hotel, quaint casino (by new Vegas standards), good shopping and a big pool.. My one complaint would be attention to detail on the hotel floors. I understand Harrah's resorts haven't been doing great in the last few years but the level of neglect with poorly maintained hallways (peeling/cracked painted over wallpaper), ice machines not working on our floor or the floor above us.... The real gag moment was the pool area. The floater barrier has the most disgusting ring of filth around each floatie thing and the tile border is crumbling, also with its layer of scum and filth. There are hundreds of lounge chairs, a huge pool and ONE SHOWER. If they at least advertised the ONE SHOWER or installed more I'm sure people could rinse off their tanning oil before making the pool worse. On that note, I did enjoy the pool (even with the floating cockroach in it), didn't mind the loud constant passing monorail, and got my tan on.. . Also, don't eat at the breakfast buffet, go to Paris and pay a bit extra, and don't go to the Mexican place bleh
My boys and I planned a spur of the moment Vegas trip. It looked like it was a great time for us to go during fight weekend and Mexican independenceday.. . After browsing through many hotels to fit in our budget of 5 guys, Bally's came out a victor! It was conveniently located within walking distance to places where we wanted to eat and gamble.. . Since we had a late check in time, we took our sweet time driving down from the Bay Area. The room was nicely prepared upon our walk-in. It was spacious to and had a nice view over looking a partial part of the Vegas strip.. . As for the casino area, well what would you expect to happen during a couple of major events happening over this weekend? Table limits are up and celebrity sightings are bound to happen. While walking back to my room at 3am, I spotted Bay Area Legend rapper Too $hort with his body guard talking with some groupies. Too bad my phone battery died.. . The room service was prompt on accommodating our room needs. Thank you Bally's for giving a great place to stay for the weekend!
I've never stayed at Bally's but my first experience was a good one. The self park has you entering the Paris which is right next door and you can enter without going outside. Check in had us waiting about 30 min but since my husband and I were there with another couple, the hotel receptionist was able to place us in adjoining rooms so we weren't so far from each other. . We both got the standard tower room, double queen beds, but these rooms were BIG!! Nothing fancy, but it had an ottoman at the foot of each bed, extra chair, desk, armoire, table as well as your standard amenities like iron, ironing board, hairdryer, it even had a safe in the closet. It was clean and had plenty of towels and soap. Our floor was fairly quiet on the 10th floor and elevators were quick. My only complaint was the water temperature in the shower would flicker hot/cold in the evenings. . We only ate at one restaurant, the Ichiban, which was....meh, but their Thai restaurant looked good, should've tried that place. They also have a sports bar and food court downstairs. . Bally's has a monorail stop which is very convenient and although we did not partake, they offer shuttle service to the Rio. . I'm not sure why, but the electric walk-ways into the hotel weren't working all weekend. Normally I don't mind walking, but when you've got heels on you want all the electric walk-ways you can find. . Overall a fantastic location on the strip and good for the value.
now that Imperial Palace is the more expensive Quad (with the same slow ass elevators), Bally's was the next least expensive place on the strip for our weekend excursion. . . i was impressed! the staff at check in were super prompt and friendly to the wife. the elevators are fast. and our rooms were quiet....and very big! there was enough room for a small party in there. even a safe in the closet. the bathrooms are bright and roomy. only complaint was the shower...the water pressure was terrible and it was either freezing cold or scalding hot...never warm or pleasing. . . the towels are soft and absorbant and the beds are super comfy. the place is right on the strip and connected to Paris casino/hotel so you can have your pick. there is a monorail stop in the back for easy access around the strip. a couple of fast food joints and fine dining options are an escalator ride below the casino. we saw posters for their Thai restaurant which looked delicious but did not try on this trip. . . Bally's is in a perfect spot on the strip. However....the moving walkways never moved. only good when you don't have to wear 6 inch heels. they didn't work the whole 4 days...maybe it's time to call a repair man.. . great stay and look forward to another in the future!
This little coffee/pastry shop is located by the main entrance in front of checkout counter it is open 24 hours a day really nice people and they're very clean tasteful pastries fresh coffee fresh everything even a fresh smile there to greet you anytime in this 24 hours. Shop.
Stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend. Booked the reservation through Hotels.com and had a room two nights (Thurs, Fri) for $230 including fees. Summary: good value for the cost, hence 4 stars.. . I've stayed at Bally's a number of times. I find it a good value for the rates they charge. It's not the most glamorous of casinos, nor the fanciest. But the rooms are big and clean, and Bally's is conveniently located next door to Paris and across the street from the Bellagio, Flamingo, and Ceasers Palace. The Venetian, Mirage, Treasure Island and Planet Hollywood are all walking distance. Bally's is connected to Paris so you can go back and forth easily. . . The only restaurant we ate at was the Burger Brasserie in the connection walkway to Paris. I'm not a fan of most of the restaurants in the walk way over to Paris. Our room was on the 12th floor with no real view, but it was quiet, no street noise. If we looked to the right we could get a glimpse of the fountains at Bellagio which are quite loud when they erupt (sounds like gunshots or fireworks) but it didn't disturb us. Room had an ironing board, safe, no bottled water, no mini-bar, standard amenities in the bathroom, hair dryer (a small one but it worked). Water pressure is low like most hotels in Vegas (it's the desert after all), but temperature was fine. AC worked fine and kept the room at the temp we wanted.. . The Indigo lounge is now closed and under construction so there is no entertainment in the hotel beyond the shows. There is a lounge with a band and dancing in the walkway to Paris. . . I utilized the self-parking (enter off Flamingo) and had no problems finding a space. The garage is shared with Paris and when you enter,  you'll find yourself in the walkway between the two. Turn right to go to Bally's, left to go to Paris. . . Pros: Good value, large and clean room, location, friendly staff, room was quiet (12th floor), easy self parking. Cons: No buffet that I saw, no good lounge for relaxing. . So, overall I'd say this is a solid option and a step up from some of the cheaper strip hotels like Luxor, Circus Circus, Excalibur, etc. I'd stay here again.. . Note, the South Tower has been gutted and fully remodeled so should be much nicer than the North Tower we stayed in. They offered us an upgrade to a jacuzzi suite for $50 per night which I declined. . . Tip: Always ask for a high room, away from the elevators and vending machines. Cut's down on the noise level tremendously in any hotel!
We stayed at Bally's 11/27-12/1, over the Thanksgiving holiday. Parking was free and easy to access. The women who checked us in was unhelpful and rude. Though we had several more interactions with the staff and they were nice. We stayed in a average room (not a remodeled one) but it was large and clean. We booked through the hotels website and had an average $55 a night rate with a $35 food and beverage credit (which could only be used at 4 places). For price and location of this hotel, I don't think you can really go wrong. It's perfectly placed on the strip which makes walking the thing all day long so much more manageable. Also, it's so close to all the really expensive hotels. We really didn't spend any time at Bally's expect for when when we were heading in for the night, which was all we needed it for.
This review is for the new jubilee tower rooms they just opened up in September 2013. I was very impressed by the makeover. New beds, new decor. Totally redesigned bathroom. No tub just a larger shower. There's a refrigerator in the room  which I think is great especially if you come in summer. Ballys rooms are pretty large, at least 40% bigger than Paris. . . They also have a nice quiet factor, no thin walls. So you can get a good sleep. . This is gonna be my new go to hotel in Vegas. They just need to remodel the casino.. . This is a big tip, if u want a good night sleep then you need to make sure you don't get a room facing the Cromwell casino due to the drais after night club there the music is blaring in your room with the base thumping.  . I believe if you get a room that has odd number not even then your good but if you a room in the even number in the jubilee tower your gonna get a lot of music noise.  . . Now the only draw back you won't get a room with a strip view but I prefer a good sound sleep over a great view who cares about the strip view bunch of lights and casinos. You want a view then go up the Eiffel Tower at Paris casino or stratosphere casino observation tower.
