Again, I hate lines.  I've stood in line here right at 5 o'clock just to be beaten out by some folks who clearly had the day off.  Even with that gripe, I love this place.  I just don't come often.  I really do save this place for out of towners who have read that this is the best pizza in America.  (I have friends from Connecticut who argue with me on this one) but is Oprah ever wrong?  There is a bar next door where they get you good and shnockered before your meal.  The bread is delicious as are the salads, but who are you kidding?  You came for the pizza.  My favorite features arugula.  Everyone else seems to love the meat laden one.  But if you snag a table, be smart, order lots of pizza.  Everyone likes pizza even when it's cold the next day.  If you get a group of people together it's actually doable as they will take a reservation.
We've been going here for for quite some time and I have to say "If it ain't broke, don't fix it!" We went here last night for the first time in a month or two and were overly greeted (and frankly annoyed and creeped out) by a new gray haired man there in a sport jacket. I have NO idea who he is and what his job description is besides opening the door for people but he seemed very out of place and odd, especially if you've been going here for a while. He even pointed out and said "There's Chris Bianco" as he exited. I thought it was weird and unprofessional. . . Everything tasted equally delicious this time but they had music playing, which was different and it just seemed like a different dynamic. I hate to be a snob about this place but I enjoyed it just the way it was: No one was overly attentive, Chris (now his brother) said bye to you as you were leaving, and you knew what to expect.. . I know Chris and his business partner split up but I hope this isn't a beginning of some change. I'll still continue to go there and hope the "new guy" backs off a little.
we went hear several months ago and had a great experience.  the food was extremely fresh and extremely unique and flavorful.  it was great spending time in the historical area and enjoying the local atmosphere.
One week before I moved out of Phoenix, I finally decided to wait 1.5 hours for pizza and find out what all the hoopla was about! The host with the mullet and glasses was so so nice! I loved him - he was so excited about the menu, the ingredients, the fact that they are grown in the back yard - I could listen to his enthusiasm all night.. . The pizza was amazing - it's not really pizza....it's doughy delish goodness - a heavenly substance and well worth the 1.5 hour wait.....once. Not sure I'd go back over and over, but glad I tried it once.. . The anti pasta plate was really the highlight. All different types of grilled vegies prepared in different ways. Each bite was fun and exciting. . . You have to try this place at least once! Think of it less as "food" and more as an experience!!
My friend and I decided to see what all the hype was all about so we got there just before 5 pm.  There was a line already at the door!  Crazy in my opinion.  When we got to the front of the line, they took our names and told us that it would be about 1 hour wait.  Crazy in my opinion but ok, let's wait.  So there were some picnic tables on the side that we chilled out on...we watched other people waiting for a table, I drank a Coke in a bottle (what is with Coke in a bottle in AZ?), and saw a bunch of cats run around and wrestle in the grass.  After 1 hour, we got seated and we ordered two pizzas: the Rosa and the Magherita.  Both were pretty good, but I thought the Rosa was better.  I also ordered side dishes of anchovies and garlic that were drenched in olive oil.  Now, dipping your pizza in those...very tasty.  I enjoyed the pizza there but not sure if I would go out on a limb and say it was worth the wait.  If you got time and in the area, it's definitely a good place to eat.  The service was on point.
We've been to Pizzeria Bianco a couple of times but it's been a while.  I was glad to see they have not changed their menu and tthe quality of food hasn't changed, which is a good thing because they keep everything fresh and delish.  . . If your going just for the pizza pies, this might not be the place for you due to the wait time. My advise for the people that complain about the wait time ~ make friends!  Take someone more interesting with you next time you go to Pizzeria Bianco and your wait time will fly by!! . . If your planning to enjoy an evening hanging with some friends, this is a wonderful place to go and enjoy some pizza, wine and conversation. Our wait was just over an hour, which is very good considering most wait times are 2 hours + but that didn't matter since we were at the bar enjoying some good wine and catching up on life's frills and thrills.  Time flew by during our wait and we were eating in no time.  . . We had their tomato, basil and homemade mozzarella salad for starters.  It was very good, fresh and the perfect balance of dressing. For dinner we had the Wise Guy and Sonny Boy pizza pies which were good but not the best I've tasted.  Their pizza crust is exceptional and the best feature of their pies in my opinion.. . This is a must try if you haven't been and remember to take some good friends and enjoy the wine before you dine!!  We like Patsy Girmaldi's pizza pies as good or better but we enjoy the experience we have with our friends when we go to Pizzeria Bianco.
This place is certainly delicious, worth the wait on a special occasion (translation - not a place you frequent since the lines are so long) but "Best Pizza in America?" I think that title belongs to Di Fara's in NYC... but let's get to my review of Pizzeria Bianco.. . We arrived nearly two hours before opening to find a line of 25 people and patiently waited for the restaurant to open. Around 4:30 p.m., Frank the owner came outside to tell everyone about the ingredients that are used, how the brick oven works and to thank everyone for their patience and patronage - he really is an awesome guy!. . Once we got in the place (total wait time was 3.5 hours) we ordered:. - Anti-pasta. - Margherita . - Wise Guy. - Bianca Verde. - Rosa . . The anti-pasta was delicious but my favorite part was the bread that came with olive oil - this bread was seriously addicting! It was doughy, crisp and had a wonderful charred flavor (in a good way, not a bad way).. . The margherita pizza was good but not my favorite, in fact, it tasted better room temperature.. . The wise guy had carmelized onions and their own blend of fennel sausage. This pizza was tasty as well, but again, not my favorite and tasted much better when it was room temperature vs. straight from the oven.. . The two pizzas that were mind-blowingly delicious were the Bianca Verde and the Rosa. The verde had no sauce, mozzeralla and ricotta cheeses and was topped with arugala and drizzled with delicious olive oil. The combination was absolutely delicious! The pizza was creamy and wonderfully delicious!. . The Rosa was equally amazing - a pizza with no sauce or cheese, instead incredibly delicious parmesan cheese covered the pizza and was topped with pistachios and onions! OMG, it isn't fair that something is this delicious!. . I'll definitely come back to this place - primarily because I don't live in Arizona so it's a special treat - but next time I'd just stick with the Verde and Rosa pizzas, these truly are incredible!
Ok, here's the not so great.....to eat here. you will need to wait for an hour or more.  But, they have a wine bar next door and it is TOTALLY worth the wait.. . We had the prosciutto wrapped cheese (spedeni) as an appetizer and it was absolutely hot and delicious.. . The pizza's were hot fired in the oven and just about the right size to feed one person.. . I have recommended many people to go here, and as you can see from other reviews, this place rocks.  A phoenix staple, ust wish there was more around it.. . Happy dinning!
I will say what everyone else says because it's the truth.. . The pizza is amazing, the staff is wonderful and the wait is worth it if you haven't been there before or have only been there one or two times. . . However, the wait just becomes annoying after the 4th or 5th time coming here.. . Kill some time and check out the secret drawer in bar bianco. You'll find it...bring a pen and a napkin and leave me a little note, I will write back ;)
As an unabashed food nerd (a term I much prefer to foodie), I was undeterred by the hours wait time. I just pack my kindle and grab a glass of wine from the wine bar next door.  I took some locals' advice and got in line about an hour ahead of opening.  Thursday, I understand is the easiest night.  Friday and Saturday are impossible.  I was seated quickly both times since I was traveling by myself - this is one instance when it is not good to have friends.. . Now the first time I was at PB, I had to have the magherita (you know me, it you can't make a good magherita, you have no reason to be in business).  It was good, not as good as I've tasted in Italy but superior to most pizza.. . However, the second time, I tried the wiseguy.  It was amazing.  The crust was beyond perfect - light, bubbly, but not bready.  I couldn't stop eating my pizza.  However, it could have used a lighter hand with the smoked mozzarella.  It overwhelmed the delicious onions and fennel sausage.    . . The best view is at the bar watching the guys craft the pizzas.  The fire undulates in the brick oven creating a hypnotic pyromaniacs fantasy.
Ok, as much as I want to give this place 5 stars.... I just can't. The wait is just too ridiculous. So I think this place plays psychological tricks on it's patrons. People have to wait so long that they either go get drunk or get so hungry that the food tastes amazing once you finally get it..... plus people need to justify the wait. But alas, I have fallen for their tricks. We got there at 4:45 and had to park in the garage which has validation ,but not complete validation, it still costs 5$ (Lame!). We found the restaurant by looking for a mob of people. We got in the 30 min line to put our name on the waiting list... whoa. When we got up to the front we found out the wait would be 3.5 hours, but at least we didn't have to stay the whole time. I think that is the best possible thing this business has done. If I had to sit there for 3 hours, I would not have been a happy camper, but we went to Body World and came back and only hadto wait 15 min, so that was great. Also our wait wasn't really 3.5 hours, it was more like 2 hours 45 min. Whatever. So we got some drinks at the bar and then got called in to a table. The waitress was nice and very apologetic about the wait, so at least this restaurant knows to be courteous to it's customers unlike a different restaurant I recently went to *cough*postino*cough* There were four of us and we ordered two appetizers and two pizzas. We got the roasted veggies with cheese and sopprasetta (sp?) and the fontina wrapped in prosciutto. They were both amazing!! This was the best part of the meal. The veggies included purple cauliflower, carrots, squash, asparagus, sunchokes, and olives. They were sooo good. Roasted and kind of sweet. These were some of the best veggies I have had. Also the cheese, I don't remember what kind it was, was so creamy... it tasted great on bread. However, nothing touched the fontina wrapped in prosciutto. I have not had prosciutto before because I don't like bacon. . . Yes, I don't like bacon.. . But I was being so closed minded because prosciutto is delicious. And this was especially good, it could have only been better if there were more of it. The BF and I ordered the biancoverde and our friends got the wiseguy. I didn't try theirs, but our was very good. It was garlicky, but the flavor was more subtle than it usually is. The three cheeses were great and the arugula tasted very fresh. . . So the problems include: long wait and no dessert. Why doesn't this place have dessert? (oh except for biscotti... biscotti is a weak dessert choice). The rest was good and if someone were to invite me to go back, I would, but I probably wouldn't go back on my own.
I have gone to Pizzeria Bianco 3 times and each time I have had a pleasant experience. . . I know that a lot have complained about the wait however there is a system (as some have mentioned) to this restaurant. If you will have a party larger then 6 - they will take a reservation. You must make it well in advance and definitely worth it - did this once and waited 15 minutes upon arriving to the restaurant.. . The other 2 times I went to Bianco was when I had a craving for the delicious pizza. After placing our name on the list, we would head over to the wine bar next door. Order a bottle of wine, some apps and take a seat at the picnic table outside. Just as we finished our bottle of wine, the hostess found us and we were taken into our table. Perfect way to prepare yourself for what we were about to have. . . The downside is that my pizza's crust has come out burnt more than once but everything else was great. It is an experience that everyone should try at least once.
I finally made it to Pizzeria Bianco last weekend, and it was pretty much what I was expecting: lots of hype over pizza that is fairly good, but definitely not the best pizza in the country. . . Typical to everyone else's story, I arrived at 4:30 knowing I would have a wait. The rest of my party arrived a little later after I put my name on the list. There were about 60 people in line in front of me. For a table (they also have counter seating) the wait was going to be 2 to 2.5 hours. Our group went across the way to one of my favorite places Nobuo at Teeter House and had some drinks and some "appetizers.". . About 2 hours later we headed back to Pizzeria Bianco and found out our name had already been called. The hostess was very nice and got us in to table within 10 minutes.. . The place is definitely small and cozy. We ordered an Antipasto and also the mozzarella and Tomato. Both were very good. I ordered a Sonny Boy (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives). Thepizza is very thin and light and is very fresh tasting. Our table also ordered a Marinara Pizza, Rosa Pizza, and a Wiseguy. The Rosa was very interesting since it had pistachios on it and the Wiseguy was good, but it could use some sauce. Overall, like I said before, good pizza, but definitely not the best in the country.. . They don't take reservations (anymore) and they don't do takeout (although I did order a pizza to go) and with there always being a huge wait, I think he's got a good business going where you eat and drink while waiting at his other place next store (Bar Bianco).. . I would have given Pizzeria Bianco 3.5 stars because it's better than A-OK, but I definitely wouldn't call myself a fan. While I enjoyed the food, I've been there now and done that and probably don't really need to go back any time soon.
After all the hype surrounding Pizzeria Bianco, what woulda visit to Phoenix be without giving it a try. . . A Wednesday night we arrived at 4:30 and got on the back of the line. The doors opened promptly at 5pm, when we got to the hostess we were told an hour and 20 minute wait. I hate waiting, I make reservations for everything to avoid waiting, but since we had a delicious late lunch which I'll save that for another review, we didn't mind the wait so much. We headed over to the wine bar and waited with a couple of glasses. After close to 1.5 hours our table was ready. . . The place holds about 40 people. After reading all the reviews we had to try the Spiedini which is Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm and on a stick. Salty and creamy, it was very yummy. The bread they serve is excellent. Thick crusty crust and tender chewy on the inside. Not that you need bread before pizza, but after all the waiting how could you not have a piece, especially when it smells so good. . . Pizza we had to try the Bianco Verde; Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula. I am not a fan of Parmigiano, so it was a bit too much for me, but overall it was a good pizza. We also had the Wiseguy; Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage. This pizza was more my style. It was delicious, the sweet onions paired with the smokey mozzarella and sausage was almost perfect. The crust on both pies is pretty amazing, it has the same chewiness and spring that the bread had. . . Would I call it the best pizza ever? No. . Would I consider it really good with an awesome crust? Yes. . Would I go again? Yes, but maybe I can hire someone to do the waiting for me.
Although we had heard of Pizzeria Bianco before, my fiance and I were presently surprised to stumble upon it in Heritage Square (we'd gone into Phoenix for first night, never having been before). We'd been warned about the wait, but at a distant glance it didn't seem to busy, so we went on with our night. When we returned, we were welcomed with a 1.5 hour wait which was our fault, really. Luckily the Science Museum, adjacent to Pizzeria Bianco, was open, and we filled that hour and a half quickly. As the time got closer for our wait to end, we went next door to the wine bar, which had a decent, but small, wine and beer list. Prices weren't bad either--beer started at $4, glasses of wine ran around $8-$9. . . I loved two things about Pizzeria Bianco: the food and the location. . . We opted to sit at the bar instead of waiting longer for a table. We shared (and finished all in one seating) a caprese salad (good, fresh, airy mozzarella), the margherita pizza, and the pizza rosa. I favored the margherita pizza, my fiance favored the pizza rosa. Both had good, chewy thin crust. The pizza rosa was a white pizza; I believe that only the margherita and marinara pizzas off of the menu have red sauce. Anyway, the pistachios on the pizza rosa were an EXCELLENT touch. . . Heritage Square is wonderful, especially at night. The layout and buildings are reminiscent of old New England architecture, which is a like a breath of fresh air in adobe-packed Arizona (which I love!). It's definitely a good place to stroll around (which you'll most likely have to do while you're waiting for your pizza :) ). . . My advice: expect to wait. They don't take reservations. Even if it doesn't look busy, put your name in. And also, don't expect it to be the best pizza in the world. It's up there, and certainly delicious, but not the best.
3.5 stars. The pizzas I liked were excellent (the more simple ones) but I have to say that a couple of them I didn't like as much, specifically the Wiseguy and the Biancoverde (the latter mainly because of the cheese). Appetizers were ok and service was excellent. There is a long wait for this restaurant so that increases the expectations. Nice ambience and excellent service.
They're changing their hours to open for lunch!  It might improve their accessibility to the general public that has things to do!  :D. . Their crusty bread that they serve is delicious.  It tastes like they put a little extra salt, but the texture and taste is unlike any other bread I've ever had.  The crust is very crusty while the inside is fluffy with lots of air pockets.  The crust for their pizzas are the best I've ever had as well.  Very chewy and great taste.  They do tend to get soggy in the middle so the very tips of the slices can barely hold together when you move in for the bite, but the crust is fantastic.. . The toppings are another story.  They're fresh ingredients and you can tell this, however..  I heard the Wiseguy was the most popular one.  It has roasted onion and sausage on it.  Barely edible.  We also got the Sonny Boy and Margherita pizzas with a few toppings added to it.  This is what I learned - the olives and prosciutto are very salty, sausage is tasty and just about as salty as one would expect.  The basil is used sparingly and the arugula is not.. . The appetizers were very good, but kind of overpriced.  We got the caprese salad which you can tell the cheese is freshly made that day.  We also got some cheese on sticks that were wrapped with prosciutto on a bed of arugula - that one was fantastic.  You get 2 sticks about 7" long and I think it was $12.  Overpriced, but I would recommend it.. . All in all, I enjoyed the experience - hanging out in line from 350 til 5pm when they opened and started seating, meeting the friendly wait staff (not the "hostesses", the down-to-earth wait staff with the t-shirts and aprons), getting close to celebrity (saw the lady from The Practice and Lie to Me - Kelli something - and her husband that was on some kid show that I'm not familiar with AND Mayor Gordon and his family came later), and paying a hefty price for dinner but not really feeling shmucked about it.  I will definitely go back, but this time just getting toppings of my own choosing!
Our wait was five minutes, arriving at 4pm on a Friday and opting to sit at the bar. I hadnt been here in probably 14 years.  . . Both pizzas were a little disappointing. Very good certainly, but not out of this world. I still remember chomping into my first Wiseguy in the early nineties; how qualitatively better it tasted than any previous pizza.  How explosive flavors mingled in my mouth and how my companion and I raved at how awesome it was after, literally, every bite. . . None of that happened this time. Sure, the competition has dramatically stepped up but I say, respectfully, that the product has slipped a little. My outer crust was burnt, pretty badly actually. Some wood oven char is expected and I dont normally even eat the ring,  but do wonder if Chris would've served this had he been on site. Companion's pie touted basil as a topping, but came with a tiny decorative leaf or two in the center. Disappointing. . . Their olive oil is heavenly. Addictive. I'd lick it off Russell Pearce if that was an option. The caprese salad, drenched in that stuff, is a first class oral shindig. . . The Anglo fellow tending Bar Bianco and Hispanic gentleman manning our restaurant bar both exuded the gentle, professional charm that makes dining out a pleasure. The hostess team was competent, but that whole dance of loitering inside a busy little restaurant to identify and engage them has always felt awkward to me. I guess I'm just shy and would prefer they stand under a spinning, electric umbrella, blinking "H-O-S-T-E-S-S".. . But seriously, getting there 3:30 or so, now that they're open continuously from lunch, will reduce the legendary waits. That's a good thing, because regardless of the gloried past or my recollection of it, this is still a distinctive and mostly charming destination.
Went today for lunch. This IS THE ONLY TIME you should go. We arrived at 10:30a and we only had around 6 people hanging out in front. Good thing because this place is so over hyped we thought we'd be in for an hour wait. Doors opened right at 11a and we were seated right away. Litle rushed to order but if you are here you should already know what you want because you have researched it over and over dreaming of the day you go..   I'm going 4 stars not because of the pizza(3stars) but because i was transported back in time to when i was 10 growing up in(movie Sideways was filmed here)  Santa Ynez, Ca. When I was a kid, an older couple moved to the Valley from Rome and opened up a small pizzeria called The Roman Kitchen. The smell of Bianco reminded me of the old wood/brick oven they would fire everything in. To this day by far the best pizza I've ever had R.I.P. Roman Kitchen.  Overall the pizza was good pushing towards great. But not worth a hour wait. Then again I do not feel any food is worth that wait. Will I be back? Yes, only for lunch, for I do not care to stand around for hours for some pizza..   I do thank you for theflash back in time.
I agree with Jeremy G.  I came here last night with my family for a birthday and the service was great, the Rosa pizza was my favorite and I REALLY enjoyed the caprese salad!!!  If it hadn't been such a long wait for the table I'd TOTALLY give it 5 stars.  I just don't think ANY restaurant is worth waiting that much time for (it was my mom's choice by the way).  Anyways, definitely glad I tried it just to mark it off the list.  However, I don't feel compelled to return for another long wait... just sayin'.
I'm not going to lie, Pizzeria Bianco's food was great. But 5-star worthy? Maybe not.. . I didn't mind the wait, mostly due to the fact that I had been mentally preparing myself for a few days (and I also ate a snack around my normal dinner time.) The hostesses and waitstaff were kind and helpful. . . But when it comes down to it, I just didn't think the pizza was OH-MY-GOSH-WHAT-A-PIECE-OF-PIZZA good. I actually think my opinion might have been negatively tainted by the hype. It was built to such a crazy-high status; I don't think it would have been possible for any restaurant to live up to that. . . However, I do think that everyone in Phoenix should experience Pizzeria Bianco once. Plus, it is a great place to take out-of-towners or a date. It's just not somewhere that I would frequent regularly.
The hyperbole around this restaurant is unreal.  "Oprah flies in specifically to eat there."  "New York Times and Bon Apetite rate it as the best Pizza in all of the U.S."  "Jimmy Kimmel hired Chris to build a personal brick oven in his own home"  "I ate their once and my eyesite was restored.......praise jesus!". . There is no denying this is great pizza,  All of the ingredients are delicately chosen and prepared by the man himself, and he manages to pull flavors out of each that should not be humanly possible.. . If you live in AZ you owe it to yourself to try it at least once.  Steel yourself for a long wait, however, 3 hours isnt much if you've got friends and wine with you,  just dont get too drunk to taste your meal when its finally time to eat.
Went here last night for dinner with some friends, and must admit that the food lived up to the hype.. . We drove there separately and surprise - now they offer FREE valet parking (of course tip the valet dude).  Our quoted wait time for a table was 1.5 hours, and apparently this was nothing compared to the wait my friends had to deal with before (3+ hours).  . . We spent time next door at the bar by ordering a bottle of wine and a cheese plate to share and before we knew it, the wait was over.. . Although the restaurant isn't big (and we were almost friends with the tables next to us just because it was so snug in there), there was a nice ambiance - especially with the huge woodfire oven in the back.  . . We ordered two Caprese salads and three pizzas - the Margherita, Wiseguy, and Biancoverde (we added roasted tomato slices to the Biancoverde for an extra charge).  O.M.G. - the food was SO good!  Everything tasted fresh and delicious.  I'm usually not a fan of pizzas with thin crusts, but these were awesome.. . Apparently they make their own mozzarella, which is probably why their Caprese salad ($9) is one of the best (if not the best) I've had thus far.  The tomatoes and mozzarella were sliced thick and tasted SO fresh, the basil was fragrant - and EVOO - YUM! . . The Magherita pizza was $12 and the other two were $16 each.  Our food came within 15-20 mins after we placed our order, and boy - the pizzas were so fragrant!  They were decently sized and were enough to feed our group of six ladies.  The Margherita and Biancoverde tasted good, but my fave was the Wiseguy, which was topped with thick slices of roasted onions, mozzarella, and thick slices of fennel sausage.  The sausage tasted a bit too sweet, but overall, each bite of the pizza slice was food nirvana.. . My friend ordered a Wiseguy to go, so the bill (2 salads + 4 pizzas) came to $88, and we added a 20% tip to that.  Was the food worth the total bill?  Yes!  Will I come here again?  Yes!
Pizza was amazing. Anti pasto to die for. This was my first time here, and it was packed. We waited 30 mins for a table, but it went fast. It is definitely a small cramped area, but a nice setting. The entire menu was very good. Not authentic italian cuisine, not not much is in the USA. I will most certainly go back.
I just returned back from Phoenix where I was able to try Pizzeria Bianco. In business since 1988 this place has been talked about by many to be the best in the west. I ended up having a Margherita pizza which consists of sauce, cheese and fresh basil. Its becoming a trend to see traditional small Neapolitan style pies offered in trendy establishments. While many in the past have been tastless I thought Pizzeria Bianco did a fine job with bringing out some good flavors accompanied by a nice crust...this pizza was a slam dunk for me. The only thing I have to say is...when you use just fresh mozzarella its hard to get a very tasty pizza...I prefer a blend of cheeses. I did think $13 for a small pizza is a bit overpriced but the quality was very good. Only problem I had with the place is the seating and wait...I went in alone to sit at the bar and was quoted 75 mins after 9pm. I came back 20 mins later and noticed there was a spot at the bar which was still empty to which they finally let me sit there. Overall 85/100....for what it was ...it was very good. Ill Duke it! oh and btw...it might very well be the best in the west
Great Crust. Great ingredients.  Worth the hype of Peter Reinhart's book American Pie?   Not sure.   It was great though.. . No fresh ice tea kepts it from getting 5/5.
Pizza and Speidini were very very good!  Crust was superb atmosphere was tremendous!  Would I wait three hours??????   No way.... . Go for lunch and get there by 10:45 on a tuesday or wednesday and limit your party size to 4 or less and ou'll be fine.  Staff is friendly, vibe is comfortable.. . Pizzas are good size one feeds two, but make sure to baseline with a white and a red on your initial visit.. . Think Mozza in Hollywood has as good or better pizza and they accept reservations soits an easier "notch'.  But Bianco is way friendlier!
That was some delicious pizza! I couldn't decide between the one with arugula and the one with salami and the clever man at the bar suggested I get half and half. Genius!. Cute restaurant, good service, and lots of light and good wine.. Some of the reviews complain about the wait, it almost scared me away. The gods must have been smiling on me cause I waltzed right in and was seated right away. I should buy a lottery ticket...
Great food for a decent price that should easily get 5 stars if it wasn't for the insane amount of wait time.  My group showed up 15 minutes early for a group reservation and still had to wait 60 minutes, ridiculous!  . . Everything I had was delicious and I think the spinach pizza was my favorite.
Fan Yes,  Hype check, . Atmosphere, check,. 40 mins to wait, check,. . "The wait". Why not go next door and spend money waiting for an open seat.  Or hang out and enjoy the Arizona weather if possible.  . Quality Control, . ingredients are as good as it gets,  Pizza quality, one of the best, again one of the best so many great pizza places to choose from especially in the Phoenix area.  . . The photos tell a great story see the crisp crust.  that is their science as the cooks balance each pizza perfectly between a soggy pizza and a burnt crust.   . . A place to be and great place to enjoy with people.  its hard not to have a great time, isnt that what its all about, high quality experience and most of all taste.
Excellent food all around!!  The anti-pasta was good, salad was interesting, and the pizza was exceptional.  My favorite was the Rosa pizza with a close second at the bianco pizza.  The wait wasn't too bad on a Thursday night and with the bar next door it went quick.
I got lucky and got a single seat at the bar. But it's a Wednesday night. I got there at 5pm. The wait for any party from 2-6 is about 45-75 minutes. Uh.. . The pizza. Okay I can say it's probably the best in Arizona. But outside of NY, I still prefer Apizza Scholls in Portland, OR. The crust at PB seems to lack salt. Although crispy and thin, it lacks flavor. I got half and half Wise Guy (onion and fennel sausage + mushroom) and Margherita. I'll give the Wise Guy a 3 out of 5 because it's kind of bland. The Margherita I'll give a 4 out of 5. The sauce is pretty good. But every pizza I've had at Apizza Scholls in Portland, OR I've given 5 out of 5. . . It may seem pricy to pay $16 for a personal size pizza but that's what good pizza goes for these days. . . So there it is. Best pizza in AZ, but not really worth all the hype, and the wait.
First off, if you think you can beat the crowds just forget it.  I didn't even know there were enough people in Phoenix to crowd a place like this and cause a 2 hour wait on a random Tuesday night.. . Also while the food itself is very well-priced for the quality that you get I think this place makes its real money off it's bar next door where you will most likely wait 2 hours and order some drinks to keep your sanity.  So in other words unless you like waiting in line outside expect to spend some money in the bar while you wait.. . The pizza's themselves seem to live up the reputation.  Anything you order will have the kind of chewy but crispy crust you'd expect from a place that claims to be one of the best pizza joints in the US.  The real star of the show  though, is the toppings.  . . I was lucky enough to try two pizzas, the Margherita and the Rosa.  The Margherita had the freshest tasting mozzarella and basil on top of a tomato sauce that wasn't overpowering.  I knew I had to order the Rosa just because the toppings looked so odd (Onion, Parmigiano, Rosemary, Pistachios) and I was blown away by how well everything completed each other.  Unlike some pizza joints that just pile on toppings that tend to blend together, all of the toppings on display here were distinct and went together superbly.  . . This is one of those places that I would love to keep coming back to, if it weren't for the darned line.
The pizza here is pretty good.  That's saying a lot from me, because I'm a true pizza snob!  (Sorry, I'm from the Chicago area and we all know that Chi has the best deep dish pizza, EVER!!) Anyway, I had the sausage, spinach and garlic pizza and the flavor was outstanding.  Be prepared to wait for at least an hour or so before you are seated.  It's always a long line to get in.
Great pizza. This is a place to go when you aren't on a time schedule.  Go with friends, have some drinks next door and talk.  It helps to make the two hour wait go by.  Once inside the place is small and noisy.  Also this is best experienced during the spring or fall seasons due to the need to wait outside.  If you go in with the right mindset, you will have a great experience.  Enjoy!!!!
Over Hyped ??... Yeah a little but its definitely worth checking out !. The pizzas are freshly baked and very minimalistic but extremely tasty ! I particularly loved the ROSA -  Red Onion, Rosemary, Pistachios sprinkled with just the right amount of Parmigiano Reggiano on a thin crisp crust ! . . The classy brick wall and the gorgeous brick oven give a rustic feel to the decor and you feel transported to another time.
Read in a "Places to Eat" guide of Phoenix that Pizzeria Bianco had the best pizza in America. The pizza was the best "Trendy" pizza I have ever had. To me Chicago pizza is the best in Chicago.. Place was great though, charm/ambience, customer service, location etc. When visiting Phoenix would definately visit again. I am a fan! Fight On!
Great atmosphere and the pizza was tasty.  My hopes were built up a lot, but I cant say this is the best pizza I have ever eaten.  Don't get me wrong it is great just not my best.
I had heard of Pizzeria Bianco some time ago and even tried to visit once, but there was a 3-4 hour wait to get in. However, we happened to pass by this time on a Saturday at 4 PM and walked right into the last table. . . The service here is simple and fast. There is really only one server, host, chef, and busser working the entire place. Although it is small, I am still impressed at how they coordinate and work together to serve everyone. Right when you need them, they are there and when you don't, they're gone. Why do other places have such trouble figuring this balance out? Clearly, the employees at Pizzeria Bianco are sharp, skilled, and care about meeting customers' needs. Our pizza arrived literally three minutes after we ordered.. . The pizza is cooked in a brick oven, which leaves the crust nice and crispy, the cheese gooey, and the toppings juicy. We tried the Sonny Boy, which comes with tomato sauce, mozzarella, olives, and salami. Everything was cooked perfectly and the thin crust is much appreciated. The olives are quite powerful, so be careful if you aren't a fan of those. The salami topping was crispy and flavorful. The pizza came with a ton of toppings that covered the whole thing. The sweet organic iced tea was refreshing to drink.. . The pizza had six large, thin slices and was perfect as a light meal for two. Heavy eaters and larger parties will probably need to order a few pizzas. We came just before the dinner rush and got in without trouble.. . I recommend Pizzeria Bianco for a light and tasty brick oven pizza in a local, friendly atmosphere. Visit during off-peak hours to avoid long wait times.
On a whim I ended up here on a Saturday night. The lady and I were enjoying the zombie walk when we all of a sudden decided to top off the already romantic evening with a date at Bianco's. Believe it or not, we waited less than an hour for a table. That being said, I wasn't wasted when I finally got to my pizza and I wasn't a pissed off/hungry food nazi waiting to hate every bite. I was completely neutral going in.. . We ordered some bread and olives to start, and they were both tasty! I would have preferred some kalamatas but the olives we received were good enough. The bread was great, and with a little bit of olive oil and salt, it was even better. As for pizzas, we ordered a Sonny Boy and a half Wiseguy, half Rosa. The Rosa was good. The rosemary and pistachios really went well with each other. The Wiseguy (the pizza that I thought would be my favorite) was just okay. The sausage had fennel in each chew, and the onions were a nice touch, but there wasn't that pop of flavor like I got from each bite of the Rosa. It's important for fancy pizza in my opinion. And, last but not least, there was the Sonny Boy. This pizza was definitely my favorite of the three. The salami, the cheeses and the olives went perfectly with one another! Those first few chews were the highlight of my visit to the pizzeria. I would order that pizza again in a heartbeat.. . My bottom line...? It's good. Period. I'm not sure that I'd want to wait for 3+ hours to eat there (that's silly considering all the other great pizza places not too far from there), but if the same kind of situation that I had my first visit came about, I could see myself returning to Pizzeria Bianco.
The pizza gods must have been looking out for us because we got into Pizzeria Bianco in less than an hour on Zombiewalk night! The boyfriend and I rolled in here on a whim since it looked less busy than usual. I love the look of the place. Small, cozy, lined with brick and warm colors. Loud, busy,  but everyone seemed to be having a great time. . . We started off with some bread, oil, and olives. All very good, but it's hard to go wrong with bread and oil. The pizza was where the real litmus test would be. We went for the Sonny Boy, Rosa, and the Wiseguy. The Wiseguy was sort of boring. The sausage didn't have great flavor and I usually love Schreiner's sausages. The Rosa was very interesting--not something I'd eat very tie but definitely worth seeing what the hyper is about. My favorite, the Sonny Boy. How can you go wrong with Salami and olives?. . I know there is an endless Cibo vs Bianco debate so I'll jump in to give my two cents. Both are excellent but I'll give Cibo a slight edge. I like the di Notte pizza at Cibo more than any pizza I had at Bianco. Also, I like the variety of things that you can get at Cibo. Although the small menu at Bianco works, I do wish there were more appetizers or desserts to choose from. . . I had a great time. I went in with few expectations, just wanted to see what the hype is about! Would I come back? Absolutely. Would I wait three hours? Probably not. I think this is a great destination spot to take guests who want to know what everyone is talking about.
great pizza. I'm not a pizza fan, but since this place is one of the list I have to try, so I have to give it a try.. the best time to get here is. Lunch before 11:15. otherwise, expect 20 - 40 min wait time.. I wouldn't go as the best pizza in the US. but it is one of the best pizza in Phoenix.. been here a couple of times and tried a couple of their items on the menu.. the best thing about their pizza is the sauce. where most places the sauce is sour and too bland (like regular tomato paste).
It's a small pizzeria in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Luckily this place offers complimentary valet service so you don't have to park so far or actually pay for parking whether it's on by the nearby streets or the many pay parking structures.. . The menu is pretty simple. They just have salads and pizza. Couple of beers, and they serve wine too. They have a small bar area and the big pizza oven is right there in the back.. . The pizza ingredients are fresh too. I chose the Wiseguy pizza with wood roasted onion, house smoke mozzarella and fennel sausage. Nicely cooked. 13" that is the perfect size for one person. Maybe two. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw?select=Ud0V3xC9u8-KDnbChaKspg. . And they serve local brews too. I got their Santana brewery amber ale. Served in a can. For a relatively hot day, this brew was just right for the occasion.
One pizza each and two beers before a concert...loved the cozy cool space that this little pizza gem is packaged in. From the website you can't really get a handle on how small it truely is, which now explains the long waits and need for reservations etc. But yes! it was delicious and YES I'll be back!
Unfortunately Chris is no longer preparing the pies. This sucks bad, but is not the end of the world. He can't do it b/c of health reasons and no matter how much I love this man and his pizza, I wouldn't want to lose him. So get well Chris, we love you.. . That being said, the food is not the same. The pizza tastes different ( I think they are using new tomatoes and the cheese tastes different). It is very hard for me to accept this as you can see I rated this my favorite restaurant in the country. Because pizza is such a simple food, even the most basic changes (like the guy making it) hurts. But when you change the ingredients and the guy making, it you have a different product.. . This place still wins on ambiance, character, and cool, but the food is not the star anymore. There are better pizzas in town now.
Went with a meetup group, so we had a reservation for our group of 10 (reservations only allowed for groups of 6-10 folks),and we took up a good portion of the 42 seat place.  It was definitely nice to go with a larger group so we could swap slices of the different types of pie!. . Three pizzas come with sauce and three are sauce-less, aka white pizzas.  The white pizzas can also be ordered with red sauce, but c'mon...do you really think you know this pizza better than the legendary Mr Bianco??  And don't you DARE ask for red sauce on the side because that just ain't happening!. . Well...I tried the margherita...gotta stick with the classic.  It was definitely one of the best margs I've had before, but not the best.  Blasphemy for me to admit this in writing, I'm sure...but the crust was absolute perfection on this and the others I tried.. . One gal did the unthinkable and ordered the Biancoverde with red sauce, so was able to try both the traditional white Biancoverde and her modified version. Both were fantastic (and preferable to my margherita!) but Chris had it right without the red sauce.  No shock there!. . Parking situation is pretty tight but they have super quick and easy (and free!) valet at the ready.. . All in all, I most certainly would NOT wait in line for hours, but for a quick meetup WITH RESERVATIONS it's a great spot.
My second trip to Pizzeria Bianco was just this last week... The first trip was YEARS ago and I remember waiting nearly 2 hours for a table and being half-tanked from drinking wine in the bar next door.  On this trip, I am happy to report my date and I walked in and were promptly seated at the bar (we opted for this vs a 45min wait for a table.)  We started with the Spiedini, skewered pcs of  italian fontina wrapped in prosciutto and served warm over arugula... Those were so tasty! Come on... it's delicious, smoky pig wrapped around lovely, velvety cheese! Then my date and I each ordered pizza (we could have easily shared, but opted for leftovers!)  I had the margherita and added the gaeta olives. Those olives were like little orgasms on my taste buds! They were a great compliment to the simplicity of the margherita and paired well with the chianti I chose as a beverage. . I wouldn't say it doesn't get any better than Pizzeria Bianco, but they certainly do what they do well. The ambiance of the restaurant and neighboring bar is warm and welcoming. The servers are expedient and attentive. The prices are fair and you can find something for everyone on the menu!
Brought the kids here for lunch during a Science center day. Managed to sneak in before the lunch rush and got a table for 6. Woohoo. We ordered the regular cheese pizza for the kids, and my other nanny friend and I had this other pizza with sausage, onions and smoked cheese. I'd have to say I liked the kids pizza better than the adult pizza. The adult pizza was just too smokey tasting for my preference. My favorite part about Pizzeria Bianco- the cats wandering around outside the place. :) My overall opinion, doesn't live up to the hype. Good pizza, don't get me wrong, but I am glad I didn't wait hours for it.
I have been wanting to go here for yearsssssssssss.  Typically when a restaurant has that much hype, you would expect to pay a ton of money to eat there, but I knew the pizza here is not crazy expensive, so I have no idea what held me back for so long. . . So finally, on my b-day weekend, my girlfriend Abby treated me to Pizzeria Bianco, a place she been wanting to try out for a while as well. . . As I'm sure many of the reviews probably already note, this place is now open for lunch. We went about 1:30 pm on a Friday and were able to grab a seat right away at the bar. The place stayed busy the whole time, even when we left at 3:00 pm, but you wouldn't have to wait more than a couple minutes for a table. . . I started out with one of their draft beers, not too impressed so I switched to San Tan on the next one. I loved the coziness of the place, and completely understand why there would be such a long wait in the evenings. . . I had the Wiseguy pizza and Abby had the Sonny Boy. Over all pretty good. I think we were both expecting to have some light shine down on us from heaven and the bartender bust out some harps as we took our first bite. The pizza was good, and in any other place I would be overly impressed but I think the years of hype stole away some of the pizza's thunder. I actually like La Bocca Urban Pizzeria better. Hope that don't break any of your hearts hearing that.. . Everyone should go at least one time. I wouldn't mind coming back again as well, I wish I could go before Suns games. I could probably add my name to the list before the game and get seated after! . . Protip: If you just want to try this place out, go for lunch. If you have time (and money) to burn, it would be a fun experience to drink next door for a couple hours, then eat some tasty fresh pizza.
Although my pizza was good, I'm not interested in waiting a ridiculously long time to eat here again.
4 stars is given because of service.  Flavor was definitely there but my complaint is because of lack of information.  There were 4 of us and we ordered 2 pizzas and needed to go eat again after we left.  The server should have told us that 1 pizza per person is the way to go.  It is a great place but make sure to ask questions.
I love pizza by all means! Growing up in Phoenix didn't give me any dull moments at all. Everything here is good and I am so proud of my roots. From family to friends, people come to Pizzaria Bianco, it's the best pizza store in town. Though crowded sometimes, it's only tells that people come back here and forth because of satisfaction.
Great pizza with the freshest ingredients and the best ever crust. Still, the hype is too much. There are many gourmet pizza places around town, including the chain Grimaldi's, that are 95% as good, but don't have the wait.
I've heard that this is the best pizza in America but I can't say since I haven't had pizza all over. I can say it is some of the best I've ever had though. Small little place with a parking lot. Glad I came here on a Friday afternoon before dinner time. Very small place with maybe 10 tables or so for seating for 4 or less. . . When I'm in town, I'll definitely come back.
Oh Biancos.  This isn't really a restaurant you can just say "hey, lets go get a quick bite to eat".  This is a commitment of time.  There are other pizza places in Phoenix, with perfectly good food.  Biancos though, it's more of an experience.. . Expect to spend at least 4 hours here.  1 ish hours waiting to get on the list, and then 2ish hours waiting to get into the restaurant, then an hour of eating.  Why would you want to do that?!  Well, because it's fun.  Make sure you go with a group of people you can have great conversations with.  Go when the weather is fantastic, and make sure you want to have some fun.  I always enjoy waiting in line with a glass of wine from Bar Bianco, which is next door.  You can start your tab over there, and carry it over to the restaurant when you are seated.  After you get on the list, the bar will also keep track of you and inform you when the restaurant is ready for you.. . Biancos is located in a quiet, great little section of PHX where there is actual grass and trees.  So waiting will be in a park, where you can stand around and chat with friends and strangers.  I always find myself, and my party chatting it up with the other people in line... we all know we are going to be there for a while, so might as well socialize.  . . The food is always amazing.  I've gone several times and have tried most of the menu.  My one bit of advice, always get fresh basil on your pizza.  It's an extra cost, but makes a world of difference, no matter what pizza you get.  The Margarita pizza is still my favorite of them all, it's perfection.. . Just go, expect to wait, and try to make the best of it.  It'll be a great time with friends, with wine, pizza, fresh air, and that basil.  :)
Ts place is pretty good.  Great crust and thin pizza. Overall, it's not the next pizza I've had but I would recommend it if your willing to wait. The quality of ingredients were pretty good.
I really enjoyed PB. We were fortunate to be there on a mild spring day, a slower day, chose to eat around three (between busier times of lunch and dinner), and brought cards to play while we waited. Waiting was a pleasure. What a surprise, though, I think not typical. . . After having eaten there, and enjoyed it (my fav was the Sonny Boy, even though I don't care for those olives) I'd have to say I wouldn't rush to go back for a longer (or hotter!) wait at peak times. I would go back off peak with just me and the hubs, as I'm not sure everyone in our group of 14 was as enthusiastic. The hostess was fabulous and sweet, our server, while adequate, could've worked on his interpersonal skills. Take a cue from the hostess, dude. . . The complimentary house bread and olive oil was very good. I didn't get to try the Rosa, maybe next time, but we did sample the Speidini appetizer (try splitting that 12 ways! Haha No, don't, it ends up being just a bite) which everyone seemed to enjoy. Come on, it's meat and cheese on a stick in a wood-fired brick oven. Can't lose. :). . I went with infinite patience and entertainment simply to enjoy the experience of it. Was it the best ever? Maybe not. But it was damn good, unique Italian interpretations, heads and shoulders above what passes for most pizza these days.
Great pizzas but doesn't seem to be consistent. Either way, I'm glad my boss took me here.. . Pros:. . -Love the pizzas here. Crust and all. There is definite magic going on in their brick oven.. -Caprese salad is delish.. -Get the one with sausage. It's the best. . Cons:. . -$2 charge for parmesan. Really?. -Long wait during lunch crunch and dinner.. -Pizzas are amazing when great, and just good at other times. Not sure why there is a lack of consistency. Might be time of pie in oven.. -Don't get the pizza with the onions. Not tasty.. -Difficult parking. Valet only in their private lot, so look for street parking if available.. . Verdict:. . -Only get the pizza with sausage and go during off peak times. Will come back everytime I'm in Phoenix for work.
Sweet sweet pizzeria Bianco. This is by far one of the best restaurants in phoenix, and my favorite. The atmosphere is definitely what makes this place so great, and the staff is always friendly and accommodating. I recommend the margherita pizza with procuitto added, the arugula that's placed on top gives the pizza a great contrast/different taste thats excellent. We also had another pizza (the last one listed in the pizza section on the menu) that was equally as good. . . The only reason i gave the review 4 stars is because of the wait. Everytime I've been here there has been at least a 2hr wait. They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more, so you have to show, get your name on the list, and wait. Bar Bianco (an old house right next door that's been converted into a bar) definitely makes this wait go by faster, and has an equally great atmosphere as well. You can order some small appetizers there, choose something from the beer and wine list (try the dos cabezas if you like reds) and they will come and get you when your table is ready. The food is definitely worth the wait tho, I have never been disappointed and will definitely be back.
Lured by the hopes of experiencing pizza nirvana, we went to Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  I had some margherita pizza ($13) and biancoverde ($16).  The margherita pizza was made with fresh ingredients, but it just tasted OK, nothing too special (Good crust though).  I was more intrigued by the biancoverde pizza.  The creamy ricotta and mozzarella meshed well with the more piquant taste of the parmigiano-reggiano and the almost nutty, crispy taste of the arugula.  The pizza was somewhat oily in the center and slightly soggy in the middle though, but that didn't detract me too much from liking the biancoverde.  . . We were a large party of 8, and service was OK.  Minus some points for not getting a sugar basket for our iced teas despite asking for one (I like them sweet!).  The iced teas themselves ($3, free refills) while nice in that they were organic, really didn't have too much taste to me.  It was so mild I thought I was drinking colored water.  They offer Mexican Coke in glass bottles ($2.50), which is a nice touch for those that want real sugar in their regular Coke.. . Is this pizza I would wait 3 hours for?  Not really, but if I came on an off day or a less busy hour I would be willing to try some more pizzas from them.
Ok people, I must say that I have been very hesitant to hit this spot up because of all the hype.  That being said, I found myself pleasantly surprised.. . Cute little place, with friendly staff. Thankfully we  didn't have to wait very long (plus!) and the food came out pretty quickly (double plus).  I ordered a mixed local greens salad (literally just mixed greens and vinaigrette) and my friends ordered something similar to mine, but it had skewered salami/cheese on top.  All three of us were happy with our starter, and then came the pizzas.. . I ordered The Marinara (marinara and garlic no cheese) and added organic roasted mushrooms for three bucks.  It was quite tasty and I ended up eating the ENTIRE pizza.  Don't judge me, I was hungry.  My one friend ordered the pizza with pistachios and onion and I can't remember what friend number two ordered (oops), but they were both pleased as punch with their pies.. . All in all, it was a nice dining experience.  The food was good, but I don't think I would wait multiple hours to enjoy a slice.  However, if the wait isn't crazy, I'll hit this cozy little spot up again, for sure!
I'll keep this short and sweet.. . Snobby waiters/waitresses. Ridiculous wait times. Delicious Pizza. . Service is an important part of a dining experience but it's not everything, hence why they only lose 1 star from me. There's not a whole lot they can do about the wait times. This place is extremely popular and it's not a very big dining space. You can expect to wait 3+ hours if you go on a busy Friday or Saturday night. You can pass the time waiting over at their adjoining bar bianco, or across the way at The Rose & Crown. If you're just wanting to try their pizza and not really looking for the whole Bianco experience, you can call in your order and pick it up. This is something I've done a number of times and the pizza is just as good to go as it is served directly to your table.. . Parking can be a pain though. They only offer valet parking and the lot isn't very big. I would recommend parking in the Heritage Square parking garage on Monroe. If you're heading south on 7th street, turn right on Monroe and go about a block and park in the structure there. Don't forget your parking ticket so you can get it validated, though if you're waiting more than 3+ hours for a table you will exceed the validation stamp.  Sometimes you can find metered parking on the street on Monroe. If it's after 6 or 7pm, I believe the parking is free.
Very good service! Each person working there helped out at our table (and there were only two of us)! We ordered the prosciutto starter and the margarita pizza with mushrooms. The starter was pretty good, but the pizza and mushrooms were excellent! We got our food very fast, and we were seated right away as well. Really like the set up of the place and the building. Quaint but very cool!. . If you park in the Heritage garage, they will validate your pass, and your parking is then free for the first hour.
Okay so this is a good pizza but not the best. I love the ambiance of this place brings, reminding me of a typical portland OR eatery. Love the friendly customer service we got and the beer served on draft was good (sunbru). The pizza itself is a wood fire burned style reminiscent of Italian pizza. The brucheta was good and the ingredients seems of good choice. One pizza can be eaten by a hungry brat and even a normal sized girl. Best way to eat is order different pizzas ( sonny boy is my fav) and drink beer or wine with friends and comrades.
My man and I wanted to try this place and decided it was the perfect spot for a small celebration. We arrived on a Monday evening at right about 6pm and there was a 30 minute wait  for a table or the bar was completely open besides two other people sitting there. We were hungry so we took the bar! . . The seats were comfortable and we never felt like we were in the way of other customers or staff like you do at almost any other restaurant where you take a bar seat. Plus, I was sitting up high enough at the end of the bar to see into the wood burning stove where the pizzas cook. Rad. . . Our service was killer. Super polite, friendly, yet real. What my man likes to call "service with a smile." It was that! They would refill our wine or beer for us and supply more napkins. Because we are messy you see. The bread and olive oil they bring out to you as a starter is so delicious. I need to find out what type of olive oil that is! We then ordered the mozzarella, tomato, basil, and olive oil salad and the Margarita pizza and added mushrooms. The mushrooms added so much flavor to an already delicious pizza.. . I'm excited to try this place again! From what I hear, wait times can be brutal so it looks like we lucked out.
I am the 697th review for Pizzeria Bianco, so what on earth can I add that hasn't already been said? Well, most of the reviews say that the wait is several hours long, which used to be true. In fact, several years ago, I actually waited for about an hour and a half. However, just recently, we walked through Heritage Square on the way to the ballpark. It was 6:30 PM on a Friday night and there was no way we ever would have imagined there would be room for us to dine. However, when we walked by, we noticed two spots at the bar. Could it be? We walked inside and yes, it was actually true! There were two seats at the bar just waiting for us. We couldn't have planned it if we tried, yet there we were sitting down on a Friday night at Pizzeria Bianco without a wait. I think this happened because Pizzeria Bianco has been open for lunch for awhile now and there isn't the excitement of waiting in line for them to open the doors at 5:30 PM. Whatever the case is, I think it's important to note that you might not have to wait for the two hours anymore...I think it all depends on the night. . . Food wise, I will second what so many of these reviews say. I really, really like the pizza here and the Margarita pizza is a number one best seller for a reason. It has this buttery taste of perfection with every simple bite. The salad was so fresh I thought something was off, until I realized that I just hadn't ever had such fresh lettuce before! I wouldn't wait for two hours to eat here, but if there's room to sit without a wait, then I will definitely eat here again in the future.
I ate hear for a business meeting and the pizza was really good. We ordered the margarita pizza and it was very tasty. The location is small and there isn't much room, but the overall experience was good.
I'm glad that they are now open for lunch so I could finally try it.  I wouldn't stand in line for hours for this pizza, but it's definitely good.  The brick oven crust is excellent-we had 3 different ones and the menu only offers like 7 choices, but all 3 were excellent.
What's there left to say when a place has more than 700 reviews?? I'll be quite frank: it was on my must-do list before I left Phoenix and moved abroad, so I called up some willing participants and planned an early weeknight dinner (630ish) to curtail the wait.. . We put in our name and bee-lined for Bar Bianco (see my review). Waited just about an hour, if not less (it was June, after all, not exactly Phoenix's popular season). The pizza was good. Really good, in fact. And everyone was very happy with their pizzas and the service. . . Now for the frank part. I've been gone a year now and have a long list of restaurants I MUST eat at the next time I come home for a visit. Bianco's isn't on it. Cibo is. . . That is all.
Bianco makes good pizza and with the help of good friends, the outside atmosphere downtown and some good wine from Bar Bianco the wait is bearable.
After visiting the Phoenix Science Center, we stopped by the Pizzeria Bianco, which is just about 200 meters right of the Science Center. The place is a little small, but the food makes up for it.. . I got a pizza with mushroom and cheese, which was simple, yet tasted super good and amazing. The prices are a little high, due to the fact that the pizza is about $15 and if you want to add a topping, it's about $3 per topping, which is a little much in my opinion.
Don't get me wrong the food is absolutely delicious but anything I have to wait over 2 hours for, with a reservation, needs to be far more impressive.
Their pizza was good but not THAT amazing. I have had better pizza. I like to go for the experience and hanging out with friends. I got their margherita pizza and it was average. I liked their wine selection though.
The pizza was pretty good, the dough and mozzarella are made fresh.  They use many high quality ingredients.  It's a journey, not a destination.  However, you can probably make equivalent pizza at home.. . Watch out, people line up 3 hours in advance to get a table!  There's a reason that the bar in the house next door is open for business before the restaurant is.  If you're in line 3 houses down the sidewalk, you have a good chance of waiting 2 additional hours to eat.
OK, after all the buzz of this place, I finally made my way in there. Let's be honest, back in the day there was a 3 hour waiting line. I only would wait for 3 hours in the ER if I'm bleeding more than half gallon per hour, but never for food and furthermore never for pizza.. . So now that things have settled a little bit, it was my time to visit the place. In my crew there were 4 kids although the place is far from kid friendly, and so is the service. Anyhow, let's cut to the chase.. . The menu, although small, has a good selection. The antipasto was good with one meat, one cheese, some cauliflower, red pepper, olives and a couple of other things. It was good and a nice portion.. . I also had the caprese salad but I really missed some balsamic vinegar. The EVOO was tasteful but some balsamic is a must (in my opinion).. . I also had the rosa pizza. The parmesano raggiano flavor dominates in a super pleasent way. I would recommend people to share because the whole thing (with the same flavor) is a little too much. Don't take me wrong, I loved this pizza but maybe would like to taste something else as well.. . They don't have deserts besides a biscotte that was good and I had a double capuccino  that was good as well.. . One thing I didn't like is that they don't have lemonade. WTH? I was craving an Arnold Palmer to fight the heat back but had to settle with an ice tea.. . Anyways, great food, the place worth it if you don't have to wait, nice ambiance and the neighborhood is nice for a walk after the feast.. . I might go back some day soon to try other pizzas.
I was one of Those People who insisted I would never, ever go to Pizzeria Bianco.  I had no interest in waiting 3+ hours for the privilege of eating pizza.  Bah Humbug!. . Wait...  what is this?  PB is open for lunch? On Saturdays?  Without a wait!?  OK, I take that all back.  Let's go!. . On a recent Saturday we made our way to Heritage Square.  I approached the little restaurant/house building with a hefty dose of skepticism.  Could it really be *that* good?. . The space is not very large, and was nearly full at 11:30.  Grabbing two open seats at the bar (with a great view of the wood-fired oven), we decided to try two pizzas:. . Sonny Boy ($16) - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Sopressata (salami), Gaeta Olives.  As I am not a fan of olives, I asked for this to be served without them.  It was really just OK.  The crust was slightly overcooked making the edges more burnt than charred.  Also, it was sliced haphazardly, making the slices strange sizes and shapes.. . I was not very impressed.  Until the second pizza arrived:. . Biancoverde ($16) - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula.. This was a very interesting and tasty pizza!  A perfect blend of cheeses and garlic.  The Arugula was a nice contrast to the perfect blend of cheeses and garlic.  And, unlike the Sonny Boy, this crust was delicious!. . About a week later, I had the opportunity to enjoy a couple of other PB varieties (in addition to the Biancoverde) during lunch with a few (skeptical) co-workers:. . Rosa ($13) - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios.  This sounds like a strange combination, but it works!. . Wiseguy ($16) - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage.  Good, but did not take the place of the Biancoverde as my favorite.. . It was fun to watch their nervous expressions at the sight of an arugula-covered pizza turn to smiles of delight at their first bites.. . So, I am glad I finally gave PB a try.  Will I ever wait hours and hours for these pizzas?  No!  However, you may find me there at lunchtime, savoring a Biancoverde with a smile.
This place has the BEST pizza I've ever had. No, really. I'm not joking. I'll take one star off for the hour+ wait time.. but it was worth it.. . You wait (just like everyone else) in the wine bar next door. They don't take reservations. You can't do take out. You wait. And you drink while you wait. By the time we finished our 2nd drinks, our table was ready... and we were really hungry.. and that made the food taste even better. . . Make sure to order enough to take home... between my boyfriend and I, we ordered 3 pizzas:. The Rosa (it has pistachios on it. and that may freak you out, but take a chance --- it's the best pizza I've ever had). . The Margherita (classic). . The Wise guy (for the meat eaters in your group -- not for me). . . I love that the owner works the stove. It's a great experience.. maybe food shouldn't be instant.
High quality, thin crust pizza in a small, cozy setting in an historic part of Phoenix.  In walking distance to Chase Field.  We got lucky and didn't have to wait long which is often the case.  Small menu and don't expect to be able to create your own pizza, however you shouldn't need to.  We had a variety of pizzas and several appetizers.   I was very happy with the Marinara and Margherita pizzas.  Overall great dining experience but not my favorite pizza.
I came to Pizzeria Bianco for lunch almost by accident (it's over by the Science Center... science makes me hungry!). We ordered the Sonny boy (Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives). . . I don't even like olives and I enjoyed this pizza! (Warning: a lot, a lot, a lot of olives. We asked them to only do half olives too and you can barely see the mozzarella). The crust was thin and lovely. It is a very oily pizza, but in the best way. . . I would definitely come again for lunch, but it isn't amazing enough for me to wait more than an hour for dinner.
The margherita pizza was beyond yum. Add that to the delicious salad + bread topped off with cappuccinos to round out the meal = the best downtown find I've came across yet.. Definitely going back!
I had no idea they were open for lunch! Perfect since the boy and I were down town during lunch the other day. . . We stopped in around 2:30 inthe afternoon. No Wait! I couldn't even believe it. I hadn't eaten there since I was a little girl, but it was just as good as I remember.. . We got a couple beers and split the Margarita Pizza. It was sooo yummy! Perfectly crispy on the edges and lots of flavor. The service was a tini bit slow, but no big deal, we loved it. . . If you want great pizza and dont want to wait the normal 3 hours during dinner, you should hit up Pizzaria Bianco while the sun is still up, less wait time if at all. . . Enjoy!!
So being a native NYer and hearing all the hype about this place I decided to check it out. And I will say that all the hype lived up to its expectations. Super crisp crust, well seasoned sauce and good cheese, I chose the classic margarita for baseline (will be more adventerous next visit). I went for lunch during a weekday so there was literally no wait which is an added bonus. I will definately be back.
Really a 4.5. . The pizza is serious here. Nancy Silverton mentioned it was one of the inspirations for her pizza, so I had to try it out. It is a simple dough (not like Silverton's). Was told it is made with OO flour, fresh yeast cake, water, sea salt, and little bit of dough from the day before. The wood burning brick oven looks to be the real deal, with a thick black smoke floating a few inches above the cooking surface. Had the margherita, biancoverde, and Sonny Boy. All where good and only the highest quality ingredients are used. The crust had enough charred to imbue with the earthy scent and quality that makes crust so habit forming. The stand out was the margherita. The oven does wonders for the tomato sauce and really brings it alive. Probably one of the best margherita I have ever and had works perfectly with the simplicity of the dough. The gaeta olives on the Sonny Boy are excellent but paired with the salami made for a slightly rich pie. Lastly, the cheeses of the biancoverde paired well with the sharpness of the arugula and highlighted their fresh richness. An excellent pie overall. The place is small, cute, and busy. Waits can be long but are worth it. There are very nice benches outside to enjoy a beer while waiting for your table. Service is solid, informative, and friendly. An excellent value (especially for the quality). Phoenix is very fortunate to have a place of this high a quality.
Lots of hype about this place so had to check it out. Definitely good food. Glad I went during the week so we could get in - can't see waiting forever in line like some do for it. Wish they had a better dessert selection for my sweet tooth but apps and pizza were good. Nice wine pairings available too. Overall it's worth it if you want a good 'za.
Well I am an avid pizza lover and have been hearing & reading about Pizzeria Bianco for years. When I had the opportunity to come to AZ on a business trip I jumped at the chance!. . Flew in from DC on a Friday afternoon, checked into my hotel, and went straight to Bianco's. Arrived around 4:45pm and the place was about half-full. I grabbed a seat at the bar & ordered one of the tap beers (a local brew) and a margherita with sausage.  The pie came out about 5 minutes later. . . Overall, it was a great pizza. Delicious airy crust, nice balance of tomato & cheese. I do wish I hadn't added sausage--it was applied with a VERY heavy hand and I ended up removing a good deal of it so it wouldn't be overwhelming.  Service was also great; the bartender checked on me several times.  People at the bar were friendly, as well, and I ended up chatting with one couple as they recommended other restaurants to try during my stay. . . I guess my issue was that yes, it was a good pie and good atmosphere and I enjoyed it, but it didn't blow my socks off or change my life.  It was just a solid experience. I would say I've had better pizzas in DC.  So, for me, it didn't live up to the hype.
This place is pretty darn good...if you want to wait an hour to be seated. Really tasty pizza, salad, etc, & staff if friendly. They don't have a nice area that you can wait at before you are seated and order drinks etc. Can't place orders to go or call ahead for seating.
Pizzeria Bianco is good but fails to live up to the hype of being one of the best pies in the country.  Places like this are scattered throughout first rate cities like New York.  I was lucky that there was no wait because I would have been very disappointed if I had to wait for just a good pie as opposed to one that was exceptional.
http://stevelerer.com. . While waiting for my flight to leave Phoenix, I stopped in at Pizzeria Bianco with my friend Renee. This pizzeria is a transplant right out of Italy with it's own wood oven right in the dining room. I love seeing pizzerias set up like that, it is just a lot of fun to watch them cook your pizza only a few feet from your table. . . Prior to chowing down on pizza I had to order my first recommended dish, the Spiedini, Italian fontina cheese wrapped in prosciutto. The wrapped cheese was then skewered and cooked to be served nice and warm. Probably better than the pizza, this dish may be the best thing I've eaten in Phoenix. The cheese was warm and creamy and the deliciously salty flavor was layered along side the crispy and salty sweet prosciutto. Often salt on salt is too much but this combo just worked perfectly and kept me coming back for more. If I hadn't already ordered my pizza I might have just went with a few more orders of the cheese and called it a day. It really was that good.. . A few minutes after our appetizers, my pizza arrived. I broke my own rule and ordered a pizza without a red sauce because it was the other reccomended dish off my restaurant list. The Rosa pizza consisted of some of my favorite ingredients so I felt like it was ok to deviate from my norms. First it had a wonderful crust on which to build. Thin and crispy with a bubbly crust, but what would you expect from a super hot wood fire oven. The toppings started with cooked down red onions, and unlike Mr. Scott Conant, I love me some red onions. The bite of the onions was balanced out by the cheeses especially the fresh Parmesan. The last topping and by far the least likely on a pizza were the pistachio nuts. The great thing is that I love pistachios also! All of these ingredients mixed together on a pizza created a depth of flavor that made me happy to have taken the risk. I would definitely reccomend this pizza to people who want to stray from the norm but in the end the prosciutto wrapped fontina skewers significantly out shined the pizza.. . Overall our meal at Pizzeria Bianco was a memorable one.  Not much I could complain about. The service was good, the ambiance was like most pizzerias and the food was on point. I could eat that appetizer every day, too bad I don't live nearby. Next time you are in town and want some quality pizza on the western side of the country, check out Pizzeria Bianco.. . Overall Review: 7/10
Mmmmmm mmmmmmm GOOD! This is a TINY place with a LONG wait..... so if you just want a regular old pizza in a couple minutes, you wont be happy visiting this restaurant. This restaurant is quite famous and everyone has wonderful things to say about it so I had to try it and put in my 2 cents. . . I met a co-worker here one Friday evening (pretty busy) and I have to say that I was blown away! We were able to get a small table outside and enjoy a bottle of wine from next door, as we waited for a table. If you're not in a rush and enjoying your company, the wait of 45-60 minutes shouldn't be a problem. As we wereseated, yes you notice that you are a little crammed but if you can get over that fact and enjoy a quant little authentic different place to eat you will enjoy yourself. . . The pizza is cooked brick oven style, has thin crust and is a little burnt around the edges..... OLD SCHOOL! The pizza sauce and the fresh topping make this pizza yummylishious! I liked that it was thin crust, not full of grease and wasn't your normal pepperoni or olive pizza! Fresh basil leaves, round fresh sausages..... just FRESH! Everyone who worked there was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu. The menu isn't huge, but they have a variety of pizza, salad and appetizers to choose from. They are also pretty quick with getting the pizzas out, so once you have waited for your table, there is not too bad of a wait to get your drinks and food.. . I would recommend this place for more adults on a date night then families. It is family oriented, but it's so small having larger groups is harder for them to accommodate. If you don't want to wait very long I would say try visiting this place on a week night, before the dinner rush. I enjoyed Bianco's and will definitely drive the 40 minutes again to have dinner here!
Had been trying to get here for years, everytime I would go there would be at least a 2 hour wait. I got lucky when I made reservations for a friends birthday. . It was worth the wait, the pizza was so fresh and delicious. It is very small and intimate, which I enjoy very much. The menu is limited and there is a line at times to eat here, other than that this place is worth coming back to.
Margharita pizza, add sausage. Muah, perfecto.
Small place, great pizza, very fresh! We went for lunch on a Friday and waited about 45 minutes but I think that is part of the "experience". Cheeseboard in Berkeley, CA is better
Heard so much about this place on my first visit to Phoenix this year, but didn't get a chance to make it so when I found myself in town for the second time...I definitely had to make a meal of it. I enjoyed the pizza...I got the only one that comes without cheese. Amazing! Didn't think I would eat the whole pizza on my own and then I did. Great food. Good service. Valet parking is validated and you pay for it on your bill. Might be back to try other pizzas in a future trip.
Excellent crust, quality ingredients, nice beer selection, and the pizza is always cooked perfectly.
Not best pizza in US, but usually very good. Only once have we had a problem with  "doughy" under cooked interior crust and black bottom. The person manning the ovens really needs to know his/ her stuff. They happily made a new pizza on that one occasion. Otherwise good quality and fast, energetic service. Frequented by tourists more than locals probably due to the wait, but fun place for both.
After years of wanting to try this SOOO popular place, I finally made it here today for lunch, joined by Arlin B. & Mike C.. . Our pizzas:. . *  1 WISEGUY - Wood roasted onion, house smoked Mozzarella & Fennel Sausage.. . *  1 BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmesan & Ricotta cheeses & whole argula leaves.. . *  1/2 MARGHERITA - Tomato sauce, fresh Mozzarella & whole basil leaves.. . *   1/2 SONNY BOY - Tomato sauce, fresh Mozzarella, Sopressata (a fancy salami) & Gaeta Olives.. . . All four kinds of pizza came on very thin crust, a little crunchy to hold its body well, & the toppings were thin as well...  perhaps 1/4 inch thick.. . "SO?," you ask.  I'm glad you asked that!  All four of these pizza types were unusual and very delicious!  I loved them all.. . "Only 4 Stars?", you ask.  WELL...  These 3 pizzas, with nothing else and only water to drink, gave us the right amount of food to eat well, but ran up to around $60 with tip for three diners having LUNCH!. . Yes, one could argue that they aren't charging ENOUGH, since this small place filled up shortly after we arrived at 11, & there were a number of people waiting outside to get in, plus, perhaps, people in the bar next door, by the time we left.  In any case, I think BoomBozz in Gilbert remains the best pizza feast in the Valley,...  at 1/3 the price!     :-))
Good pizza in Arizona??! Whaaaat?!!. . Yes, that's the story to this place. Man grows up in Brooklyn, falls in love with Arizona, moves himself to said Arizona, opens a pizza place and BOOM! You have Pizzeria Bianco.. . So being from NY, and after hearing much hype about this place and how, according to one NY Times critic, it could be even BETTER than NY pizza, I HAD TO HAD TO try this place.. . First off, let me start by saying that for an out-of-towner, this place was quite hard to find! It was facing the street but within a closed restaurant square just outside of Arizona U. Considering that we were driving and didn't know the area, we drove around and around the area a few times before we decided to just park the car and take it by foot. After parking the car and putting approx 8 quarters in a meter that robbed us of 20 minutes (max 2 hrs but we were prepping for the long wait that is also associated with this place), we walked only to find a parking lot right next to the restaurant. Grrrrr.... Lucky for us, we went on an off hour and had no trouble getting a seat.. . Next up, upon walking in we noticed that the place was teeny! No wonder they have such a long wait!!! I know that they're pizza was modeled after old recipes, but did they're structure have to model the old tiny places that the old NY pizza joints are also known for? I'd say no... So anyway, we sit, get a menu and are a bit thrown off by the prices considering the sizes of the pies in front of other patrons. $18 for a personal sized pie with only sausage on top??! Whatever... By this time we were a bit perturbed but fully committed. We paid our meter, lost the money, were seated, hungry and extremely curious about what all the hype was about. So bam... $18 gone for a little pie w/ fresh sausage on top. I swear this better be good!!. . About 10 minutes after ordering we received our pizza, fresh from the brick-burning oven with cheese melting and sausage steaming. Looked good; smelled good... damn better taste good too! We stared at the pizza for a while as we tried to soak in the size vs price and come to terms with the absurdity of it, took our slice and took a bite.... . The suspense as we chewed, absorbed and swallowed. Was it even better than NYC pizza? Was it deserving of all the hype from Oprah and Diane Sawyer? Did it deserve to have up to 3 hour waits? Answer: No. As a New Yorker who has tried many of the old greats (Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, John's, Joe's, etc.), and even some of the newer ones (Pulino's), the answer was a definite No. And my goodness man who wrote the review in the New York Times, were you really being honest or did you just have a connection? That said, for Arizona, it was definitely fantastic. In fact, for the nation, it definitely falls into my top 10 pizza places within the U.S. Will I be back? Most likely not. I have my fill of NY pizza when I'm actually in NY, and I can't seem to swallow paying $18 for a pie that I could honestly finish myself on a good day. Will you regret it if you visit Pizzeria Bianco? I'd say almost definitely not.
Not exactly worth the wait, but I may have a bias seeing as I'm a New York native, where the pizza is authentic, cheap, and unbeatable.
Not familiar with authentic pizza, but based on what I was told this is good shit. My toes curled for the thin crust and fresh ingredients. The crust reminded me on Nan bread.
I'll be honest, I'm not quite sure this place is all it's hyped up to be. I mean, it's definitely fresh and good but I'm glad I didn't have to wait too long to get in. I have had better pizza before. for sure.. . We were quoted a 45 minute to hour wait. No problem, we chilled at the bar next door and played a make shift game of chess. Just as I was about to stomp my brother's king we were called in. It hadn't even been ten minutes. What luck!. . The place was swamped and the staff was clearly working very hard. For that reason we lost a little bit of the personal touch. I hate when I ask for something and it feels like I'm a burden. Still, they were very efficient. . . We shared a small salad and the margherita pizza. I very much wish we had had one of the more unique options but Davis doesn't like white pizza. Ahwell. The food came out in a reasonable time and we dug in. It was not a cheap pizza. It was about sixteen dollars for one a little bigger than a plate. But it was clearly very fresh ingredients. And very thin but good crust. The salad was uninspired. It was only lettuce and a few olives tossed in dressing. . . Yes, the pizza is good but I really wouldn't wait very long for it. And I don't have a problem waiting for food at all! This one just wasn't very fulfilling.
Good pizza, fresh ingredients, LONG WAIT!!!!!!!! In a town with as many good restaurants as phx, I have a hard time justifying the 'hr long' wait this place usually has. My impatience is the only thing holding me back from giving it 5 stars.
Decided to come here based on a recommendation from a friend since all i had eaten while visiting the phoenix/scottsdale area was chain restaurant after chain restaurant.. . Pizzeria bianco has thin crust pizza prepared in an old school brick oven. The waitstaff is friendly and you can tell that this place is definitely popular among the locals given that it was busy even at 2pm on a wednesday afternoon. The menu isn't extremely large, but it's the quality of the ingredients that count in this case.. . Tried out the "Sonny Boy" and the "Wise Guy" pizzas and both tasted pretty good while coming straight out from the oven. This is NOT your typical pizza spot with supreme pizzas, but a place you go to enjoy the creativity and the craftmanship of someone's idea!. . Note: Valet parking costs about $3
Loved this place!  Definitely lived up to the hype.  It's a really cute restaurant in a nice neighborhood and it fills up fast.  We got there at 11 AM on Monday for lunch and had no trouble getting a table, but by the time we left, there was a 20 minute wait.  The waiter was kind enough to let us do 1/2 and 1/2 with our pizza so we went with 1/2 Margherita and 1/2 arugula white pizza.  My dining companion does notlike arugula, so we ordered it just as a white pizza.  The margherita was good but not the best I have had, but the white pizza was amazing.  Such delicious parmesan flavor.  I am sure it would have been even better with the arugula.  I would definitely return!
Given the long reported wait times, my friend and I showed up a about an hour after it opened and were given a 45min - 1h estimate.  We killed some time at the wine bar next door (owned by the same peeps, of course) until our table was available.  The pizza is really good - but it is equally good at my local pizza place without the extended wait times.  I think the waits are improved since they opened for lunch, but it isn't special enough to wait for more than an hour.  The staff was pretty good at managing the traffic and were always friendly despite their busy working environment.
I am a little late on the review... In Dec the Hubby and I went for a meal before a special date.  The setting was super cool, I love the brick and the dim lights.  We were sat right when we arrived.  Our pizzas came fast as well, and they were very good.  We would go back for sure.
On our way through Phoenix last week, I had to try the "best pizza in the country" at Pizzeria Bianco. For Arizona (and the west coast in general), I was quite impressed. However, my true standard is: if this place were in New Haven, New York, or Naples, would I ever go? Unfortunately, my answer is "no.". . Why not?. . 1. I love thin crust pizza, but for me, this was a little too thin. I enjoy a little chew in the crust; my pizza was more cracker-like.. . 2. I wish there were more varieties of pizza on the menu.. . On the plus side, the sauce might be my favorite pizza sauce ever. Since we'll be living down the road in Tucson in a few months, I'm sure that I'll be back to Pizzeria Bianco soon.
I keep hearing about this place and finally on a Thursday afternoon, my coworkers and I made the trek downtown. We got there around 11:30 am so it only took us a wait time of 15 minutes to get a table (I heard the wait is usually hours). Anyways we ordered the "Sunny Boy" pizza and the White Pizza (forgot the name). The pizza was delicious, I'll admit that, but it was rather small for the price. Also, it seemed as if everyone got bread and oil and we had to ask our waiter for that instead of him bringing it to us. Also, they don't validate parking, they have a small lot where they have valet, but we ended up parking at a meter.
I've been wanting to try this place FOREVER! Especially because I'm on a quest to find good pizza in Arizona! So we finally made the trip to downtown Phoenix. We put out name in and was told it would be about a 90 minute wait, and told the building next door was the place for drinks and appetizers while we wait. The building itself was great, as I love the old houses that have been saved. Forgive me inaccuracy; I believe we were told it was built around 1909, relocated to this spot and restored. Nicely decorated with period furniture; great ambiance. Ordered a wine and beer and an antipasti plate. The grilled vegetables were good, although I don't know that I would have ordered it if I knew there were parsnips and brussel sprouts. It truly was about 90 minutes before we were told they found a spot for us.  The pizza was great. Simple, fresh ingredients. One pizza was enough for us after the antipasti. I think you'll find that the reason for the long wait is due to the small main building and the love and care put into the baking in the wood burning ovens. It was an enjoyable evening. Curiosity satisfied
The simplicity is awesome here.  Simple woods, an open kitchen.  I saw Chris there, but I wish he were at the oven.  The execution was excellent and the freshness of ingredients was apparent.  It lived up to the hype, but I dont think I can call it Americas best pizza.  It was very good, their bread was awesome.  Their crust was perfect.  I really liked the Biancoverde and the Wiseguy was too, however I dont love Scamorza....so I should have ordered another cheese. When you go during the day it is not crowded.  Definitely some amazing pie....and I was happy to check the box on my quest for Napoletana style pizza
Once upon a time, Yahoo decided to take a break from their usual stories about the top ten uses for mustard, or celeb fashion faux pas, and wrote about the best pizza places in the US.  Pizzeria Bianco was on that list.  Since I was in Phoenix, and staying two blocks away, I had to try.  From what I was told by fellow diners, the wait can be as long as three hours.  I can see why.  Not only do they now have national fame because they are featured in many publications, but locals actually like this place.  Good thing I came late enough to enjoy some pizza before they closed, but I also made it just in time before the Diamondbacks game let out.  Which brings up a good point, if you want to try this place, avoid Dback games nights.  Being right next door to the stadium, Bianco is at ground zero.  The pizza I ordered was the Biancoverde, aka rabbit food pizza.  No tomato sauce, just cheese and various greens like arugula and spinach.  Quite tasty I might say.  So much so, that I had the Marghartia and the Sonny Boy.  You see what I did was sit at the bar, and traded slices with people sitting next to me.  We all got a good variety.
After many years of seeing all the press about the elite status this Promised Land of Pizza carries throughout the culinary world, I was finally able to duck in.  After years of anticipation I had a margherita and it was wonderful:  Freshly-made sauce, great crust charred just so and quality, fresh mozzarella.  But was it stratospheric?  Sadly, no.  Pizzafarro's in my hometown of Carefree is just as wonderful to my palate and who has heard of them?
Great pizza but not something I would need to wait hours for.  We had a fun day drinking wine while we waited but I think most of this hype was Oprah driven.  I might say that it is slightly better than Grimaldi's, but it is nothing like pizza in Rome or Naples.  I think like a lot of things, it's the local ingredients that work so well in certain places (like bagels in NY, etc...)  I still think it's a fun experience and I'm happy this exists in Arizona.
Great Pizza, not the best wait times.
Beautiful, thin crust artisan pizza! Super cute restaurant - tiny. We went for lunch so didn't have to wait at all, but I can see it getting VERY crowded.
came in skeptical because of all the hype surrounding this place.  I only tried a couple of pizzas but they were outstanding.  the crust is far and away the best I've ever had.  I would prefer a little more flavor in my tomato sauce (some parmigiano or good salt) but that's a small criticism.  I would have also liked a choice to have a hot Italian sausage rather than only having the mild on the menu.  the three cheese with arugula pizza was excellent.  the prices are high but considering the size of the space I understand it.
We went right when it opened for lunch and were immediately seated. Within 10 minutes, the place was already 90% full, so I'm glad we got there before it opened!. . The pizza is good and service was friendly. They made a small mistake with my order so they gave my pizza was on the house. Even though it wasn't exactly what I ordered it was still really good! I would come back again
Just fantastic. The lobster bisque soup could have been a meal all unto itself.. The BBQ pork sandwich was phenomenal.. . But the secret behind this place is its employees. They're fast, efficient, and always on task. They scurry around as if their workplace was a hive. . . I'll definately be back.
I was in town for the Phoenix Comic Con and this was nearby and highly rated so I thought I'd give it a try.  For the most part, I was not disappointed.. . I had a Sprite and the Sonny Boy.  The Sprite is the Mexican kind in the bottle made with real sugar and was a pleasant surprise.  Watching the bartender fill up the glass for it by sticking said glass into the ice bin was not.  Thankfully, all the rest of the staff used the scoop to fill up the glasses, and the Sprite came chilled, so I just skipped the glass with ice.. . The Sonny Boy was very, very good. I highly recommend it.  They were not stingy with the Sopressato, which was nice to see.. . The staff were all very friendly and responsive, props to them.. . All in all though, I have Settebello in Vegas, which is almost exactly what Pizzeria Bianco is, just with a larger menu and at a lower cost.  I do not at all regret going into Pizzeria Bianco, but to be honest I would not do so again.  My individual pizza and soda cost $27 after standard tip.  That is insane.  The exact same thing at the other equivalent places in other towns would only set me back  $17.  I could have two meals, one with a beer, somewhere else for that kind of money and probably still be happy.. . If/When I go back to Phoenix, I would eat somewhere else, but if someone asked me if the food was good, I would say absolutely.
This is the best example of " word  of mouth" marketing  I have ever experienced. I remember watching Jimmy Fallon one night and he mentioned pizzeria bianco and how he would fly to AZ just to try it. This means that the pizza in NY is really awfull or bianco is a God send. Look it's good pizza. Is the pizza so good that once you take a bite commit illegal activities to feed your habit  ??? No . It's good, fresh, and worth trying? The wait however is pretty much a deal breaker. Hey maybe they should allow tailgating in line.
Pizza was good. Solid. But I had heard that is the literally the best pizza in the world. I don't know if I would say that. Definitely worth going to once, maybe even twice. But a little pricey and not the BEST (that's a high thing to achieve).
Good food, but given the hype and long wait, I expected better.
Pizzeria Bianco is a great place to come for authentic, Italian pizza with some different, unique flavors. The seating inside is limited, so if you come during peak hours (i.e., Friday night), be prepared to wait! However, I came this last time for lunch with 2 other people on a Friday afternoon, and we were seated right away. Turnover and service is fast because the menu is pretty small. We split 2 pizzas between the 3 of us, which was more than enough. I highly recommend the biancoverde, which has arugula on it! So yum!
Located close to Arizona Science Center, I decided to have a late lunch by myself at Bianco.  A little pricey from one person, but I was tired and just wanted a good meal.  I sat at the bar and the cute waiter took care of me.  Everyone has told me that you would have to wait for hours to get in, I didn't.  . . I watched the two Italian chefs make the pizzas.  It was hard to tell if they were actually Italian but they both had a heavy moustache like Luige from Mario Brothers.  The Margarita was done perfectly.,  The crust is thin yet  not too crispy.  The sauce hot and sweet.  I think I would have prefer the basil be chopped and spread all over the pizza, I mean you are paying over $15 for the pizza!  I was satisfied and took half of the pizza back to the office.  However, a co worker was hungry so I shared.  . . Will need to go back and try their salads!
Good pizza...Yes...worth the wait ? Absolutely not...Actually I think it's overrated. Had the wise guy pizza and it was tasty. Was I blown away ...not. Why would I go out of my way to drive downtown Phoenix for pizza ? Just because I am crazy and don't mind driving for food doesn't mean Pizzeria Bianco ranks at the top of my list.. . There is a pizzeria just up the street from where I live and he makes bomb pies...check it out its on the northeast of Pinnacle Peak and Pima roads in Scottsdale...I won't reveal the name so you can go on a little treasure pie hunt...enjoy!. . I do enjoy Chris Bianco's lunch place on Central much better...no complaints there..just don't go there for dinner...
Tasty pizza in downtown Phoenix. Come for the delicious wood-fired oven baked pizzas--try the wiseguy, topped with roasted onions, fennel sausage and smoked mozzarella--and don't miss the farmer's market salad. The night we were there it featured fennel and watermelon! . . And we also went out on a limb and sprung for a bottle of Arizona red wine; can't remember the details now, but it was reasonable and tasty. Must be all that sunshine.
Ate here a few years ago, finally getting around to writing my review.. . The food was good, the service (once inside) was good.  I don't think it was worth waiting 2 hours to get in, but I've heard that the lines are much less of a problem these days for various reasons.. . If I were to go again, I'd get a group of 6+ and make a reservation.  Seems like the easy route.
Some of the best pizza I have ever had! This place is very hyped so you need to get there early to be sure and get an early seating. Otherwise you will have to wait around for a while. You can go next door to the bar while you wait for seats to open up which is nice that you don't have to wait outside. . . Be prepared to wait, but the Pizza is definitely worth it. The menu constantly changes which spies things up. Overall, I would recommend Pizzeria Bianco to anyone just would caution that they could potentially wait for an hour or two before they actually get seated. That is why I give them 4 instead of 5 stars.
Obviously the reputation preceeds itself.  The restaurant earned that reputation though.  The pizza is fantastic. With their being open for lunch now and adding a second location, you can actually get one of those pizzas in less than 3 hours too, which is a bonus.  . . The Wiseguy and the Rosa are my favorites.   The prices are a little steep but the quality is fantastic.  As a friend of mine said: "The pizza here is awesome if you wait less than 30 minutes for a table.  If you wait for an hour, it's really good.  If you wait two hours, it's ok. If you wait 3 hours for a table it's just pizza."
YUM! Half of our party arrived at 9:45 pm on a Saturday night, and even though they close at 10, they let the rest of us trickle in at 10:10 being the original group had already ordered. Perfect timing with no wait time for us. . . The caprese salad was my favorite dish of the night. Followed closely by the pizza covered in prosciutto. My party was obsessed with the rosemary/pistachio combo, but I found it slightly overwhelming. We also enjoyed the parmesan/arugula pizza.
Chef Bianco is a hardworking, ambitious, and kind man who has done wonderfully with Pizzeria Bianco, Bar Bianco, and his other restaurants.  Took my parents to Pizzeria Bianco when they got in for a visit from D.C. and it was the perfect place to decompress and enjoy a delicious, truly Napolitano style pizza.  The servers are extremely friendly and you can tell that the staff enjoy what they do(staff turnover at this restaurant is low).  The pizzeria is known for having long lines, especially Thurs-Sat, so I would recommend going on the off days.  If you're ok with going on a busy night, you can start off at the bar next door, which is equally wonderful and serves some small bites.
A while back me and some friends stopped in because we heard amazing things about it... I was not disappointed although it was a three hour wait... Pizzas were great. I'm from Chicago, and know what a good pizza tastes like. They definitely passed the test. I got the margarita pizza. Recommend it definitely...
Tiny little place in Phoenix, with a great reputation. Parking is tough here and I can't imagine coming on a busy night - I stopped in late afternoon on my way from PHX to Sedona. The guys who run the place are awesome and the food did not disappoint. Very much worth a visit if you are pizza dork.
I haven't been there in along time.  It was great food but long wait.  That is a good thing for them.
It's expensive, and there's quite a long wait, but it's great food when all is said and done. Definitely a once-in-a-while spot, but also a worth-it spot. Some people would say it's a must-try, but if you're not in to wood-fired pizza, it will have little for you.. . They do what they do, and they do it well. Both things to keep in mind if you're thinking of hitting the place up :)
Not so impressed because of the food, though it is good.  I was more impressed by the service.  Two people had told me how long the wait was on any given night.  I heard stories about 2-3 hours.  So I had a backup plan just in case. Fortunately, we didn't wait anywhere near that long on this Friday night.  We simply walked up, were greeted and sat down immediately. Awesome.  . . First thing I notice is this magnificent brick oven.  I'm figuring the pizza must be amazing.  My Marguerita pizza with mushrooms was very good, but didn't knock my socks off.  My friend got the Rosa and really liked it.. . Service was very good. Best service was the guy greeting you at the door.  Great attitude and seemed to genuinely enjoy meeting people.  I offered to buy him an ice cream because it was so hot outside.  He politely turned that down but appreciated it.. . I think next time I am downtown I will definitely return.
Of course homemade sausage, cheese, and pizza dough is amazing.  The wait is of course verrrrrrrry long.  Be prepared for that.  It's gourmet pizza with high standards.
The second best pizza I've ever had, with the best being in Napoli.
I was weary about visiting Pizzeria Bianco because it's location from my house but I thought- if Oprah recommends it- it must be amazing! And it didn't disappoint. It's a smaller space so if you're coming with a large group I'd definitely come in early and maybe put in your name and have a drink at one of the (within' walking distance) bars nearby. Once you're in, it's so worth it! The pizza is so authentic and woodfired, which is a favorite of mine! The atmosphere is another factor that I really enjoyed. The industrial/cosy combo was a nice touch and they had many options on their menu. . . A con would be the parking. I had to park at a nearby parking garage and walk over. They did wind up having a lot, but it was small and only valet (that I could see) so you end up paying either way. Something to keep in mind if you're pinching pennies or just want the ease!
Great food, though I'm not sure the wait is worth it.
Believe the hype. Small cozy place to enjoy a wonderful tasty pizza with a cold beer. Try arriving early to avoid the long lines, but definitely worth your time.
Amazing food. Great atmosphere. It's too bad you can't order dinner in the bar area next door so you can enjoy the live music while you eat! It's a little pricey but worth the LOOONG wait for a table.
This place it great, however I don't think it is worth a 2 hour wait!! Luckily I went on a Thursday night, so the wait was about 20 minutes. We went over to the bar to wait, drink, and listen to the live music- what a great vibe! We shared the fire roasted veggies- veggies have never ever tasted so good!! Also had the caprese salad, marghertia (my fav), and the Rosa. Our total was about $75. It was expensive, but I was okay with spending that much money to get quality food!!
Love it but the wait is always long. Best pizza around if you don't mind waiting for it!
Being from Chicago it is hard to impress me in the Pizza world, but, they did. Wasn't enough to give 5 stars but, enough for me to enjoy the food, atmosphere, and the service.
Skip the downtown wait: head to the new location at 22nd Street and Camelback. Same famous pies minus the infamous lines.
of course, i love it!
Great Pizza but a little over rated for the time you have to wait.
I had missed a previous opportunity to come here when I was last in Phoenix. Made it a point to make it this time and see what all of the fuss was about. Long story short, don't compare it to anything else. It is a great pizza with an awesome crust and fresh, delicious toppings. Higher end than your standard NY pizza, but won't say its better or worse than any other style. All in all, a great pizza...but I had immediate seating. May have felt differently if I had waited 1hr.  :)
Great spot for an evening out.  The food is delicious and the ambiance is so relaxing.  The wine house next door is also lovely.  Downside:  It is pricey and you have to be prepared to wait.... from my point of view it is worth both.
Great place but slightly difficult to find.
I went there with 4 people and there was no wait line at all and I heard from others that it used to be hours and hours long. We ordered two pizzas, which was enough for all us. Pizza Biancoverde with extra prosciutto di Parma was the best pizza I have ever tried, but the pizza Wiesguy was nothing special. The staff and the place itself was not that impressive. I'm glad I finally tried that famous pizza that even Oprah talked about, but I have no reasons to go back again unless I'm craving Biancoverde.
Thought it was good and I didn't have to wait 4 hours for a table (I had heard the stories).  I didn't think the pizza was any better than Grazie or Federal Pizza.  The restaurant building is old and unique and the location is really great.  Again, fine experience if you can walk right in just not worth all the hype if dinner involves putting your name in at lunch.
Tasty pizza. Try not to go in with too high of expectations or you will be disappointed. It's just pizza..
Love the place, but the wait is unbelievably long !   The pizza is superb, truly the best pizza i have had in a very long time.  Best to go make an appointment and come back a few hours later for your table.
Come here for the Rosa. . . It's special. Like potentially waiting in line for the rest of your life, special. . . Just look at the breakdown of this thing: http://eater.com/archives/2013/08/28/eater-elements-the-rosa-at-pizzeria-bianco.php. . Salty, intense parmesan-reggiano, rosemary, red onions, and smokey pistachios are inconsistently, but uniformly, distributed over some damn good crust, no sauce allowed, for one hell of a taste-bud roller coaster.. . I know you want it. You know you want it.
Delicious and worth trying, but build into your evening the waiting time.  I recommend hanging out next door and having a cocktail.  As for the food, the pizza is good, but there is a lot of other good pizza in Phoenix (like LGO) but their sides and salads are phenomenal!
Stopped in right after they opened for the evening on a Friday night after visiting the Science Center with our kiddo. Got right in, which I understand is quite a feat. We weren't disappointed. I love Neopolitan style pizza; chewy oven fired crust with amazing toppings, just enough to showcase the flavors and freshness of the finished product. Pizzeria Bianco does this just right in Phoenix. We've been hard pressed to find a pizza restaurant in Phoenix that comes close to those in larger, more metropolitan cities, but Pizzeria Bianco could hold their own in any one of those. We can't wait to return!
Good restaurant, good pizza, nice environment.  I liked it very much but for that kind of wait I can go other places that are very good as well.  I guess my point it it was great, but not for an hour plus wait.
This place has great pizza. Some of the best. I can understand the fan following. I just can't stand the excessive wait. I get it, but waiting 2 1/2 hours for pizza is not how I want to spend my evening. But the food is fantastic, so give it a try and decide for yourself. Just bring a book.
We went here for some late lunch. I have heard of people waiting in line for hours to get into this place, (I can see why, food was great) but we were a party of 5 and we were able to walk right in, have our preference of a table. (We also went at 1pm on a Thursday) I love the Neapolitan style pizza, I recommend the Biancoverde. It is similar to a formaggio base, with arugula. The food was fabulous, I was a little disappointed with the service, I would have wished the server to be a little bit more knowledgeable about the menu, and be able to tell us about the pizza (such as if they made their own mozzarella, what type of products we were ordering, if they made their own crust, ect), other than that I would recommend this place to anyone!
My experience at Pizzeria Bianco is a good one. The day I went, we were a party of 3.  We were seated the moment we got there, which surprised me since this place is notorious for its wait time. The restaurant was full. It felt sorta cramped, while the kitchen seems to have taken about half of the room's useable space.  The price are on the high side, even for "brick oven" pizza.  I ordered the  prosciutto  pizza which was very tasty. The service wasn't much memorable.  Efficient at a reasonable pace,but not neccessarly warm or friendly.  This town has way too many pizza joints. Pizzeria Bianco was nice, but I don't get the excitement over this place.
Just getting around to this review...love the pizza and everything else that goes with this place. Look forward to another visit!
After living in the Phoenix area for 3 yrs, we finally had the opportunity to try the legendary Pizzeria Bianco.  We heard all of the horror stories of 2 to 3 hr long waits and to grab yourself a Bottle of Wine and prepare for a long night out....we didn't care and went out on a Monday night to give it a try.  To our surprise, there was NO WAIT at all, YEAH!!!!. . We were immediately seated at a table (2 top) and given our menus.  It's very dark in the dining room and the menus were a little difficult to read in the ambient light....had to use our cell phone flashlight.  We decided to order:. . Sonny Boy w/Sausage . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=MyRRg57xLO58zg7bbf2fcg#MyRRg57xLO58zg7bbf2fcg. . Bianco Verde w/Prosciutto. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=39b-Ufs5AEg-UJiR9u5qRg#39b-Ufs5AEg-UJiR9u5qRg. . While we were waiting for our food they sat a table of 5 at the 4 top next to us....since the tables are so close, the back of the 5th person's chair was nearly touching our table...that kind of crept into our personal space and was a little uncomfortable.....especially since one of the girls in his party looked at us while getting seated and proclaimed "It's his birthday, woo-hoo!!!".....that's awesome and I hope you guys have a good time, but we came here to dine by ourselves and enjoy each other's company, not join a strangers birthday party....*ugh*.... . Our Pizza came out a short time later.  I had the Sonny Boy w/Sausage added.  I took one bite and instantly became a fan of their Pizza.  It was cooked perfectly with a nice thin crust.  The dough wasn't chewy or undercooked....it was just right.  The Sausage had good flavor and the Pepperoni didn't overwhelm the Pizza.. . The Better Half had the Bianco Verde w/Prosciutto.  When it came out, it was covered in Greens....LOL, it looked pretty hilarious as I've never seen a Pizza that looked like this before.  It tasted pretty good though.  I had a slice and thought it would suck because of all of the greens on it....it's not something I would personally order, but my Wife enjoyed it and said she'd order it again.. . The service here was pretty good.  The server was pleasant, friendly, and attentive.  I'm not sure the Pizza is worth a 2 or 3 hr wait, but it's pretty good.  We'd come back on another slow night.. . Return Factor - 80%
Great pizza, we got there early because we were told how long the wait can be. To our surprise, we got as eat at the bar the second we walked in. I think this pizza is very good, but..... There is one place that is better (see my other reviews). The pizza here is definitely special' band the atmosphere is great. I think you should come here at least once while in Phoenix.
Great place and food! Just a long wait for get in....
This is a great place for pizza. . . Pros:  great atmosphere and pizza. . Cons  limited beer selection. prices are pretty high compared to similar restaurants.. . Overall give it a try and enjoy.
Don't get me wrong I've been here a few times and it is delicious but anytime a place gets this much hype its bound to be overrated. My first recommendation is avoid the valet parking and park on Monroe street one street north. There is always parking on Monroe and it saves you the 3 dollars plus the tip I'm always obligated to do when dealing with valet services. The pizza is wonderful but it can be a bit pricey. Splitting one pizza between two people isn't very filling so you're probably going to end up getting two. I do admire the area of heritage square you almost get the vibe you're not in Phoenix.
Great food, if just slightly overhyped. It's a cute building in a great location with friendly staff, but does not win my vote for best pizza in Phoenix, sorry! Definitely check it out though, it's top five, but be prepared to wait!
Fabulous pizza. Took my foodie parents and they especially loved it!
If you want awesome east coast pizza in the desert, then this is your oasis! The customer service is fantastic, the atmosphere is rustic and chic, and the pizza is pure yum. Only short fall is the limited draft options. When I say limited, I mean they have one option.
I had the farmers marketsalad here and it was one of the best salads I ever had.  It had fresh Brussel sprouts, salami, gorgonzola cheese.  The pizza was ok, but I love their salad.  Service was great.  We had a great conversation with the server at the bar and he provided tons of recommendations.
