Out of all the buffets I've tried in Vegas, Studio B Buffet at the M Resort is definitely my favorite. What make this buffet amazing are the unlimited glasses of alcohol, the impressive selection of desserts and the extensive menu items available from Greek fare to Thai cuisine all at a reasonable price. Entrees include Pad Thai, Chile Relleno, Osso Buco, fried shrimp, sushi, curries, Eggplant Parmesan, Beef with Broccoli, along with many other dishes. During the weekends, the seafood buffet includes snow crab legs and oysters, so if you like these, definitely check out the buffet then.  . . Whenever I go to this buffet, I always start off with salads, which are fresh and delicious. My favorites are the Greek salad (Romaine lettuce, diced veggies, feta cheese, and olives dressed in a simple vinaigrette) and the Caprese salad. I then move on to the entrees. I like the Mahi-Mahi (found at the meat station), which has been glazed with a sweet pineapple sauce and cooked on bamboo, and the grilled lamb (found at the Asian section), which is tender and glazed with a sweet fruity sauce. The Prime Rib and Kalbi are good as well; however, on some occasions, I have found these meat entrees to not be consistent in quality. I always make sure to grab a bowl of oxtail soup from the Asian section. Although the soup itself is greasy, I enjoy the exotic flavors and the tenderness of the oxtail. There are other dishes I enjoy at the buffet as well, but there are too many to describe in one review. . . After I've filled up on entrees, it's time for dessert- my favorite part of the buffet experience! And at Studio B buffet, they know how to do dessert very well, and deserve 5 stars. I grab a few slices of cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon, and pineapple next to the sushi section so I feel less guilty about the upcoming sugar fest, and proceed to the small bar located next to the soup and bread section to order a glass of cider. Let me pause for a moment and talk about the cider. This cider is the only "alcoholic drink" I've tried at this buffet, but it's my favorite. I love the fruity apple taste, the fizziness, and the slight sweetness. It's refreshing and doesn't taste too strong of alcohol. Anyways, back to the desserts. My favorites include the Oreo Mousse and Tiramisu shooters, the Creme Brulee, the chocolate cake with the crunchy cookie layer, and the banana gelato (which tastes like banana fosters but creamier and colder). . . You may be wondering why I gave this buffet 4 stars instead of 5. Well, the wait to eat at this buffet can be very long, especially during dinner. I suggest going there early when they first open for lunch or dinner. Also, the price difference between lunch and dinner does not justify the change in selection of entrees. To get a better deal but with basically the same entrees, I suggest going for lunch (except for those who need to have prime rib and crab legs). Anyways, I always suggest Studio B buffet to visitors who ask me what buffet they should eat at. Although it's located about 15 minutes away from the Strip, I think it's well worth it for visitors who want a great buffet experience.
We had planned to do the buffet of buffets while in town, but after talking to staff at the buffets decided not to - not worth it to stand in line for an additional hour just to save a few bucks. Two buffets we have gone to in the past were on the buffet of buffets so skipped those and tried some newer ones. including the one at M. Food at the M buffet was high quality, but not unique. Meats were very good and it was nice they had a barrista at the dessert bar. Recommended. Went for lunch as it rolled into dinner because we were running around in the morning. (although signs are confusing they honored the lunch price at 3:45 PM.)
This review is for the Sunday crab brunch where the prices are a little steeper, but the food is delish!  The buffet includes all the fresh crab you can eat (both cold and warm), sushi, carved meats, an omelette bar, and just about everything you can think of including real gelato (the banana gelato is a sort of beige/gray color indicating that it was not doused with the yellow food coloring that others use) among the many dessert options.  It also includes beer and wine.  Yes, all you can drink. . . Side note: The low table limits and odds here are much better than on the Strip, so you might find some luck here on your drive to or from the Strip.
I still consider this place by far the best buffet overall only with a slight lead over Wynn. . . My 2nd visit was top off with prime cuts of Prime Rib. The freshness of the kabobs and salad. With the sweetness ending of gelato, pastries and various gourmet desserts. . . The 1 star markdown this time around was the service and consistency of freshness for all their foods. Some salads were fresh while others didn't par up. May have been an off day but I'll still come back here for more.
I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, including Bellagio, Wynn, Rio Seafood buffet, Mandalay Bay, etc, and I have to say this is the best new buffet in Vegas. It's almost half the price of Bellagio and Wynn and the food is just as good. . . The prime rib is amazing, probably one of the best prime rib served at a buffet. The desserts' selection is crazy, and your buffet includes all you can drink wine and beer. Do I really need to say anything else?. . The only reason this place doesn't have 5 stars is of course the wait. The fact that this place is so good is not a well kept secret. This place is really popular on the weekends and wait can get up to 2+ hours. So it might be a good time to get a player's card at M resort. If you collect enough points you can get VIP passes to the front of the line. . . On a side note M resort is also a really good place to stay. Rooms are cheap, service is excellent, their spa is amazing (so I hear from a friend), and you might be able to get ahead in line for the buffet.
Solid buffet. Hated the line, but that just means it's worth waiting for. All the food seemed standard for a buffet but it was just a little bit better than "standard." The set up is really spacious and open. Not once did I feel crowded, even during prime dinner time. . . Take advantage of the all you can drink beer and wine area. Or if you're like me, all you can drink root beer :P. What stands out the most to me is the dessert area. There's a variety of choices in textures besides the annoying cream type of desserts that are in shot glasses. Gelato is bomb. The barista section is cool. Did I say that the gelato is bomb?
One of the best buffets in the Las Vegas valley, however, one of the most expensive as well.. . This buffet is fantastic and has a huge selection.  The desert selections during the weekend brunch were great.. . I had a coupon from the Las Vegas Advisor, buy 1 get 1 free.  Unfortunately, the new owners of the M Resort didn't re-negotiate with LVA for 2011.  This buffet was the sole reason for me to stop here on the way to California down I-15.
Great selection of different types of foods! The Seafood bar is phenomenal (offered only on the weekends)! Best dessert selection of all the buffets in Vegas. The creme brulee and chocolate souffle are delicious! Not to mention, they have all you can drink wine and champagne (extra star!). The only downfall is the hour (and then some) wait (minus 1 star). Kinda pricey but definitely worth every penny! Definitely the buffet to visit when in Vegas :)
The best buffet in Vegas right now.  And how am I gonna say no to all-you-can-drink beer and wine.  That's a definite plus in my book.  Seafood night on Friday and Saturday is definitely worth it.
Really good buffet.  It was very hard for me to control myself and not over-eat.  I failed!  My stomach felt like it was ready to explode.  There was a lot of food that I still wanted to try but I ran out of room in my stomach.
I was here for lunch. The line to pay was not that long, but the line to be seated took more than 30 mins. Although the had plenty seating, I guess they did not have enough staff to serve all the people that were trying to eat there. . The food was good, and lunch price was not bad compared to other places on the Strip. . Yeah, M is far from where all the action is in Vegas, but the price, quality of food, and overall service was great! . I will definitely come back  and try the dinner next time if I stop in Vegas !
It's about 7 to 8 miles south of the main strip off the 15 fwy @ the M Resort. If you have a ride and some time, I would recommend the short drive. On weekends they offer some seafood options in their buffet. Apparently on this particular weekend that we went, there was a special deal for lunch time: $16 per person (regular price is about $30ish). Score!. . Don't be fooled by thinking that just because the M Resort is located away from all the strip action that people aren't going to flock to this buffet. I highly advise you to come early or at least be ready to wait. Don't say you weren't warned. We got there around 1 pm and had to wait about a full hour before we got seated. By then, we were all starving and ready to eat everything in sight. . . I kid you not, there's tons of food here. As I stared at all the selecitons, I couldn't stop thinking about Mike Rowe and that one episode on Dirty Jobs where all the Vegas buffet leftovers are trucked out to the pig farm. . . The food is fresh, clean, and your options is practically endless. There's everything from some sushi, to random Asian selections, to Mediterranean, as well as steam crab legs and boiled shrimp. They of course have prime rib as well as tri tip and ribs available. There's just too much to list. Not everything is a winner but overall you should find a good number of dishes that will entice your taste buds.. . Leave room for some dessert. There is an awesome gelato bar accompanied with many other sweet tooth selections.. . For you big drinkers, there's a hidden open bar with unlimited wine and beer. It is located directly to your left as you enter the buffet. Don't miss out on it if you love to booze. They purposely keep it concealed for a reason.. . We all literally rolled out of Studio B quite impressed, retardedly full, and ready to blow some gaskets. M Resort did have their last laugh though because as I was trying to digest all that grub in their casino, their tables robbed me for $250. In conclusion, that meal felt like it costed me $266. Doh!
One of the best buffet, will comeback for the dessert table, oxtail soup, lamb chop.. . Haven't tried the dinner buffet yet, but I believe it will be great.. . Don't forget drink as much as root beer as possible there.  Free float.
We got pretty lucky! Walked in line and waited for about 1.5 hours to find out it was BOGO for $30! So I only paid $15 for myself~ :) me likey!. . You can choose from beers, hard cider, Cabernet, Blush and Chardonnay from the bar. They had very good selections of seafood. I was super excited for the oysters, but they were all dry and a bit old, so that was a bummer. Other than that, the crab and seafood, korean kalbi, pastas and meat were all very good!. . FYI, dessert bar: Order the Cappuccino with a shot of Bailey's! It's heaven!
I waited two hours for this buffet but it was ALL worth it! The food was delicious! The crabs and seafood was awesome! It filled me up.  I even had the chance to look around the casino and play a little bit while the rest of my party waited in line.
I'm not a huge fan of buffets in general, but I'm a fan of the new Vegas buffet at the M Resort and Casino. It's easy to see why Studio B won the award for "Best New Buffet" in Vegas for 2010.  It's also the only "all you can drink" buffet in terms of wine and beer. In terms of sheer selection, Studio B has got the Bellagio and Wynn buffets beat.  The dessert bar is pure decadence, with just about every kind of beautifully decorated, delectable dessert you can imagine.  Other highlights: crab legs and prime rib (a staple).  Surprisingly, I was also a big fan of their sweet potato with marshmallows.  Areas for improvement: the oysters did not look fresh (at all), and I wasn't a huge fan of their osso bucco (though it's a dish I normally love).  Additionally, they don't have as many of the "exotic" meat selections as the Bellagio dinner buffet.  For the price, though, Studio B really can't be beat.  If you have access to a car or don't mind venturing farther south of the strip to the M Resort, this should be one of your top Vegas buffet picks.
M Resort has a good reputation going for itself, especially when it comes to its buffet. I've heard from a couple of people that M Resort currently has the best buffet in LV, so I decided to give it a shot.. . My friends and I went on a thursday night, and we didn't wait too long to be seated. I definitely liked the ambiance of the buffet, as it has a plenty of distractions (such as giant lcd screens showing the food channel and what not) other than its food. . . There is a lot of choices for food. Unlimited crab legs? yes. I've never seen that many crab legs piled up in my life. I tried a lot of the asian food (as i am one), pasta, prime rib, and whole lot more. I wouldn't say food is excellent or anything, but I gotta say most of the things I tried was pretty good. Service was excellent, as our server came around very often to check on our drinks and make sure everything was ok. Plus, they have unlimited wine and beer, you just have to tip the drink lady.. . Overall, great experience. No five star because they have potential to be better.
I have to say that this is one of the better buffet that I gone too.  But there are some things that I wasn't liking.  . . Located inside the newly built M Resort, Studio B Buffet has a very nice structure for their entrance way.  It seems like that they took the time to figure out the set up and how its going to look, once people stands in line.  Even though, it was kind of busy when we got there, at least they got something for us to read, or to look at.  Mainly something to keep us entertained while waiting in line to get a table.  The line was moving quickly, since they had two cashiers to check you in.  Quickly after, they had some one escort us to our table.. . The setting was very nice, it look like a big "C".  It is very spacious and roomy.  Enough space to move around, and not hit other tables.  But, the buffet line itself, I didn't like the fact that its all on one line.  I like buffet, where you can move around the island and pick something else, when your waiting for another item to be open.  But the fact of people jumping in front of you and you don't want to jump in front of others, seems a bit awkward in a way.  . . The selection of the food, is AMAZING.  They have something that I'm sure everyone would love.  Especially a buffet with Sushi, I would eat that all day if  could.  But, going there at a point where its really busy, the food tend to be slim pickings when your up there.  Since everyone is jumping to get what they want, by the time you get to a certain food, some one already grabbed it before you did.  So the cooks were kind of slow to bring out the food.  On the other hand, it was kind of expected, since it was during busy hours.  . . The staff, I believe, was absolutely awesome.  From the point of checking with the cashier, to being escorted to our tables, to the waitress who made sure our glass was never empty.  It was very warming that these staff will still smile and say thank you, despite how busy it was.  . . I would recommend this Buffet, if you don't mind people jumping in front of you to pick at food.  But the taste overall was great, the selection was awesome, and the staff was very friendly.  Overall, I would highly recommend this Buffet Style.
This Buffet is AMAZING. Do you like the Rio Carnival Buffet? Because that buffet is CRAP compared to this one!! They have everything from seafood, sushi, prime rib, pastas, pizzas, and desserts galore!! I went on the day they had the seafood buffet and I like shrimp, but unfortunately am not a big fan of crab legs and stuff, but it looked pretty yummy! Their dessert bar is to DIE for!! I think I tried at least half of the desserts and two little scoops of ice cream! They even have a little coffee/ espresso machine thing and you can order drinks for after your food. And speaking of drinks, they also have a DRINK bar, yes, those kinds of drinks. Beer, wine, I'm not too sure about the particular brands, but there was always a long line there when I passed by so it must be good!
The breakdown/highlights:. . -Snow crab legs aren't on ice, different. But I love crab legs, and they're bomb.. -Oysters. unlimited. With a variety of garnishes. AYCE OYSTERS!!!!. -Lots of other shell fish available.. -Sushi was sub-par, but typical. At least they serve sashimi, which isn't always present at other buffets. -Roasted mahi mahi on their cutting board. Never seen fish on a cutting board, but this one is good!. -Decent BBQ short ribs and clam chowder. -Unlimited beer/wine, no champagne. -They play Worst Cook in America here on the big screen. -Good salads (who eats salads at a Vegas buffet...laying the bedding for the food.). -Interesting dessert selection. -No one was manning the coffee station :(. . I waited over 1.5 hours for this buffet, and apparently from other yelp reviews, that wasn't too bad.. . The people who eat here seem really into other people's business. Don't laugh at my enormous plate of crab legs. Seriously, let me eat in peace.. . This place is great. For under $30 a person, with all that they offer, this is the best bang for your buck. The hotel is beautiful and the buffet is no exception. If the opportunity arises and the wait isn't too bad, I would definitely come back here again. Love Studio B Buffet, but not the best in Las Vegas.
I am not a fan of buffets...Strangely, even though the draw to a buffet is the variety of food I think all the food ends up tasting the same!!!! However, I have found two buffets that  I love = Todai Buffet at Planet Hollywood c'mon they offer "Fresh Crepes with Mango Ice Cream!!!!" and  Studio B Buffet. . Not only does it look hellah cool inside with it's large T.V. screens and circular shape, it also always feels clean- a real plus for me. The food is tasty for the most part. I do not enjoy the sushi part though, buffets just can't seem to get this part working except for Todai. I really enjoyed the Chinese Barbecue Pork,Teriyaki Chicken,Pizza, Tempura Mushrooms and they have Daikon Yay!!!! The BF enjoys the Tuna Poke with the unlimited beer.... The desserts are yummers like the bananas foster crepes,cream puffs,cookies,gelato, ect... Good selection for your sweet tooth!!!. Now, I haven't tried every single buffet in Vegas but Boy, have I tried alot and now I have come to the realization that there are good buffets in Vegas!!!
Tried to go here on a Saturday night and with the wait being 2 hours we decided to wait for another day when we wouldn't have to manage the crowds.  . Went back on a Monday holiday, wait was 20 minutes at most.. So glad we took the time to go back.. Prime rib was a little salty but tender just how I like it.. So many delicious dishes. soups, salads,. and unlimited wine & beer.
HOLY MOLY THE CATS OUTTA THE BAG!!!. . Word is out that this buffet is the shiznit because the line for this place is BANANAS!  Last time it was a wait too but right now the lines are zig zagging in between the slots! . . Studio B is bomb but I recommend going EARLY to avoid the wait =(
Some girlfriends and I came here for a late 'lunch' on Saturday cuz one of them swears that this buffet is THE best in Vegas. We arrived at 3pm and the line was long. I didn't realize so many people decided to also eat at 3pm?! We ended up waiting TWO hours in line. It was absurd. I already had a bad impression of this joint. At least it was dinnertime by now... . However, once we were seated, everything made up for the long wait. The steamed crab legs were SOOO good. I like my cholesterol sky-rocketed that night. The six of us were devouring food like we hadn't eaten in days. Everyone was so quiet cuz we were busy stuffing our faces. The service was EXCELLENT! Our waitress, Choy, was a sweetheart! She was so attentive. I mean, it's a buffet after all. I was shocked. She got us everything we asked for AND with a smile. From oysters to prime rib, and their ginormous dessert selections plus espresso bar, this buffet was da bomb. . . Price was $29.99/pp and it includes beer & wine. Maybe that's why this place is so packed. Note to the ladies: make sure to wear a dress, leggings/jeggings or yoga pants so you can pack more food in =)
This place is pretty good. Honestly, their beef wasn't that great, but that is why they lose 1 star from me.. Overall they had a lot of good stuff and their bar was great. free drinks as long as you are dining.. Im there every time i go to Vegas... which is almost every month lol
What's left to be said that hasn't been said already?  This buffet was the first that we went to in Vegas and it didn't disappoint.  It was affordable, compared to the other buffet prices, albeit a bit far from the Strip.  . . The atmosphere was just right - a mix of business, tourist, and locals with all age groups seeming to be present.  No one should feel out of place here.  . . Service was fast, as the line at the time was virtually non-existent.  The food was very good, as well.  We'll definitely be back to this one.
Amazing desserts. . Overall, Food was pretty good - seafood was not  fresh
From what I remember, this place was all you can drink (beer and wine) in addition to the all you can eat. I like this place a lot. I wish I had more to write here, but I just don't remember. Another visit is due.
I'd heard great things about this buffet; people claiming that it's the best buffet in Vegas. Although my first experience was after a liver crushing weekend in Vegas, I'd have to agree but with reservations.. . We came on a Sunday around 4 o'clock. The line was moderately long at this point, we waited for around 30 minutes to finally get in. Price was pretty standard buffet fare at $30 something dollars. The buffet has an odd configuration, you really won't know where to start. There is a nice selection of food, definitely better than any other Vegas buffet. You can even get your drank on at the bar.. . Notice how I'm pretty vague about the food? Well, to me, it's still buffet food. I'm not wild on buffet food. The crab legs aren't cut in half like they are at Wynn's either. I'd go go there for the sheer convenience of their crab legs. . . If you don't like buffet food, the M buffet probably won't magically change your stance on the subject. Come here because it offers more than other places usually do. Make sure you come during the beginning or middle of your trip though. You should have full use of your taste buds when you come here.
Most important note: GO EARLY. If you don't, you will wait in line forever. And, if you go an hour or two before closing, food will be taken away even though you're inside =(. . Atmosphere: Fairly new and pretty spacious. Nothing too fancy, but it does look nice. You can start from anywhere within the buffet - there's no clear path.. . Food: They have a variety of pretty much all types of food. The crab legs are fresh and pre-cracked and opened for you, which is awesome. The meats were pretty satisfying. Everything else (desserts included) was average - nothing too memorable, but definitely of better quality for a buffet. Unlimited wine and beer (select flavors)? I'll drink to that!. . Service: During peak hours, the wait can be about an hour long. The people working behind the buffet areas were friendly.. . Price: $30 for Seafood Dinner on Weekends (also during seafood brunch), $22 for dinner on regular days, $15 for lunch on weekdays, and breakfast is $10. prices vary for kids. . . Only setback is it's far from the strip, and it is one of the pricier buffets. . . Overall: It's a pretty impressive buffet. I'd go again.
far far away from the strip, you wouldn't expect to find a quality hotel/resort/casino buffet...but that is exactly what you get at studio b.  i don't know if i'll go as far as to say that it can top an excursion to the wynn, but with half the wait time, it's well worth it.. . having once been a connoisseur of the vegas buffets, i appreciate the value of a well designed layout and variety of cuisine to choose from.  at the end of the day, every buffet will serve the same types of food...carving station, salads, sushi, americanized asian/italian/random country with a distinct palate,soups, an occasional seafood feast and dessert.  so it's fair to say that it's difficult to stand out in the buffet world of las vegas.. . but that being said, studio b is successful in attracting a loyal crowd of diners and visitors.  it also doesn't hurt that m resort played host to top chef las vegas.
What can be said that hasn't been in over 500 reviews?!?!?. . Get in line before 6pm.  The line is longer than some nights at Tao.  I try to get there at seniors dinner time which is like 4pm..5 at the very latest.  Don't even bother after 7.. . Why not have a few beers/glasses of wine before even eating?  Hey..you waited long enough in that goddamn line.  Might as well take your time and enjoy it.  . . It surprises me that I've never seen anyone inebriated beyond comprehension....ASIDE from my wife's friend who downed about 18 glasses of wine and actually had to be assisted back to our booth by a server since she was lost and couldn't walk in a straight line.  We actually had to carry her out of the M.  Miiiiiildly embarrassing.  . . 3rd best daily buffet in town.  Bellagio and Wynn are still better.
The M Resort is surprisingly a beautiful hotel and houses one of the best buffet places I've ever been to anywhere.  Come early, come hungry.  Once you get through the line and you're in it's all downhill from there.  Save room for dessert though because it's good.
I like buffets.  I try to eat right for the most part so a buffet hasbecome a much rarer thing for me but I still like them quite a bit.  I really do think this is the best out of the nine or so that I have tried in Las Vegas.  I think the best time to go would be on a Saturday and Sunday for brunch.  They have pretty great breakfast food, an omelet station, and as I'm sure others have mentioned, complimentary alcohol.  I really do think the food has a good quality to it, unlike many other buffets.  I like the idea of the pre-made salads rather than a salad bar.  The desserts are pretty spectacular for a buffet and there is a wide variety of them to choose from.  My wife is a big, big fan of the Bananas Foster/Crepe dessert and so am I.  They have raised their prices since I first went when they opened and the last two times they didn't even allow us to use our players card for $2 off.  Other than that, it's well worth it and this is the only buffet I go to.
Great second time around but on a weekday, no crabs but still great shrimps, muscles, cheese bread, cheese tortilini w/ ham, breaded pork, kalbi beef, ok ribs, whack mac n cheese n ham. Still great value and excellent desserts.
The food is great and probably my second favorite buffet in town and best bang for the buck with unlimited beer and wine. Expect long lines though, my only complaint is the corral you wait after you paid. It is extremely unorganized with 3 ways to enter; Small group, large group and comp group. The hostesses had no control how long people were waiting. I was with a group of 4 that was put into small group but kept getting pushed back. However the large group line kept going ahead of us for almost 20 minutes. Really frustrating when you have already waited in line for an hour and half. Plus the wait staff closed all the seats by the window by just stacking dirty plates there.
To celebrate my bf's birthday today, we had dinner at Studio B Buffet.  It was $29.99/adult & $22.99/children 5-8, with all you can drink wine & beer.  We had 3 adults and 1 child in our party.  We had a line pass so the wait was about 10 minutes.  Crab legs seem to be the star ofthe show as many people around us had mounds and mounds of crab legs on their plates.  My bf enjoyed the mahi mahi and prime rib.  I had crab legs which were pretty good.  We shared some oysters which didn't look too appetizing, but the taste was decent.  i enjoyed the salmon-ahi salad and sushi, which was surprising since I usually don't enjoy buffet sushi.  Sadly, when I went back for more salad, it was empty.  I waited for a few minutes but nothing was brought out.  I enjoyed the watermelon on my first round, but when they brought more out, it wasn't as sweet.  I'm usually not a dessert person, but I did enjoy the chocolate souffle, flan, creme brulee and pudding.  My 8 yr old enjoyed his gelato, although paying $22.99 for 2 slices of pizza, 4 slices of watermelon, some salad, 2 fortune cookies and gelato is definitely a rip-off.  I think they should lower the buffet prices for children as I know most don't eat $22.99 worth of food, and do not drink wine or beer.  But overall, it was an enjoyable meal.
We arrived at the off-strip M Resort for a weekday lunch buffet, which is a bargain at about $15, which includes food AND drinks. The only difference, really, from the pricier weekend brunch buffets is that there aren't any Alaskan king crab legs. I must say, the hotel itself and the decor of the restaurant do add to the experience. It's like a boutique hotel on a massive scale -- you know, contemporary, dark wood with bright-colored accents, etc.. . Arriving in the early afternoon, we endured a modest queue to get in to the dining area, but once we were seated had ample time to sample the majority of the buffet items. And like most buffets, everything is edible, but nothing in particular really stands out. And by the time you've made your way through everything, you've filled every nook and cranny of your bloated gut with food you never needed to consume.. . But, on the whole, the quality of the food, contemporary decor, and complimentary alcoholic beverages distinguish this buffet from the others on the strip.
Great Buffet for the price. Somewhat good selections of meat, and seafood.. . Service was ok. Nothing to compare than just another regular Las vegas buffet.. I think that Bellagio and Wynn Buffet is far most the best.. . What else to say it's Vegas:)
Ok, I went last night with my boys and my husband and besides the very long line at 5 pm, we thought it was much better than times past.  We had to wait in line for a little over an hour so get there early as the line was even longer when we were leaving.  Our server was spot on, and tipped accordingly.  Drinks never went empty, dishes and dirty napkins were cleaned up very quickly.  It seems like the food was fresher this time as well, not overcooked and there were two people constantly cleaning around the buffet area the whole time we were there.  Yummy food, great desserts, two thumbs up!  One of my biggest complaints is the cost of the kids buffet. It is only $7 off, there is no way my two boys put together could eat $22 worth of food.
The food at some buffets is basically a glorified cafeteria experience while others it is a fine dining experience. The buffet at the M resort is on the higher end of the spectrum. First of all, this is the first time I've ever encountered an all-you-can-drink buffet. There's a decent selection of draft beers and wines and for $23 ($30 on weekends with seafood) you can get your money's worth in just liquid alone.. . The food was very good, and I had to get a second helping of the prime rib it was so amazing. There are more food choices here then one person can reasonably try. Save room for dessert because there is a large selection of gelato and sorbet along with crepes, cakes, creme brulee, flan and more.. . Only negative things were the long ~20 minute line to get in and the poor acoustics inside. It's on the echoy loud side.
cousin took us here for his moms and my bday. the buffet a couple miles before you hit the strip. Its located at the M Hotel and Casino on the 2nd floor. looked really nice. dinner is about $30. had a great host that sat us and served our drinks, she also told us about how there is unlimited wine and beer. Food was great, great variety and many selections. Dessert was really good also. Will definitely come back again.
If it wasn't so far away from the strip...this place would get 5 stars.  Other than that, this is a must see buffet.  Great selection and presentation. Food selection a wide mix and very good.  Always seems to be crowded...so get ready to wait or somehow get VIP status and use the shorter line.
Ehehehe. I love this buffet!. . To be honest, though, I'm not here for the seafood. It's good, but I'm not the type that gorges himself on king crab legs with drawn butter. It IS good, though.. . As all the other reviews have mentioned, this is a buffet located at the M Resort. It's off the strip, and quite a bit, too. The buffet is beautiful though, and the selection is great. There's an entire Asian-inspired section which I thought was neat, but didn't try anything but the kalbi short ribs(which were yummy but too saucy). I enjoyed their prime rib, although it wasn't the best of Vegas. Cocktail shrimp was a bit small; Bellagio's buffet has cocktail shrimp nearly twice the size.. . The unlimited alcohol bar was pretty cool. Lots of people getting wine and beer. Personally, I went for the root beer on tap. Delicious!. . Desert bar was quite good too; nothing super unique, but I enjoyed their ice cream/gelato station.. . Definitely a five star if only it were cheaper; or a few improvements.
Out of the many buffets I've had here in Vegas, Studio B takes the cake. Better than Bellagios!. . Their selection is wide, fresh, and delish. Servers are quick to get you a refill or take a plate. The desserts here are the best I've seen. GELATOOO! And most importantly alcohol is included. So you can make your money's worth at the seafood station or the bar.
I am not much into buffets anymore, however this is one I would repeat! I went on a Saturday which is the seafood brunch and everything else under the sun! I think this buffet is worth a try for sure, a different experience. I was not able to see the live cooking demonstration in which I was really excited about as I was there between the two times a day they have an actual foodnetwork presentation.  The service is impeccable, I swear our drink server was connected to my hip, never went more than eyes reach of me. She kept my drinks filled to the brim! However I am not sure that everyone gets that superb treatment, I think it was my sweet, adorable, loving personality that really attracted her to service me really good. I am also really pretty to boot, pleasing on the eyes, so... lol Needless to say she got a fat tip baby! Fatter than normal I am sure :) And yes, I took advantage and had some alcohol, a couple of mimosa's, wine, champagne, and a couple of brewski's!. . I have included the details below provided courtesy of the Studio B Buffet :). . Choose from over 200 items daily  Beer and Wine Included with Lunch and Dinner. . . Studio B brings you a buffet experience unlike anywhere else by integrating a state-of-the-art restaurant with a live-action cooking studio. In the main dining room, chefs prepare delicious appetizers, entrees and out-of-this-world patisserie desserts. Guests may also enjoy beer and wine selections at no additional cost. The dining experience is made truly unique by the ever-changing live cooking and technique demonstrations by culinary experts that are broadcast on 110' x 6' video monitors inside the main buffet so everyone can watch. With continually evolving flavors and entertainment, no day is ever the same at Studio B. Here you come to eat, but you leave entertained. .  . .  . Children 4 years & younger - eat Free. . Hours of Operation:. . Breakfast Mon. - Fri. 7:00am-10:30am  $9.99 . Children 5 years - 8 years $6.99 . . Lunch Mon. - Fri. 10:30am - 2:30pm $14.99 . Children 5 years - 8 years $10.99 . . Seafood Brunch Sat. - Sun 9:00am - 2:30pm $29.99 . Children 5 years - 8 years $22.99 . . Dinner Mon. - Thur. 4:00pm-9:00pm $22.99 . Children 5 years - 8 years $16.99 . . Seafood Dinner Fri. 4:00pm - 10:00pm $29.99 . . Sat. - Sun. 2:30pm - 10:00pm $29.99 . Children 5 years - 8 years $22.99
TONS of very good, delicous food. So much to choose from. Great table service. I went to Studio B for Mother's Day brunch. They had everything from eggs and bagels, to sushi, crab legs (hot and cold), chinese and mexican food, to gelato, cookies and FREE beer and wine! What a treat. You have to get there early as the lines form quickly. Very, very good food and so much to choose from. Endless supple of coffee, juice and sodas, too!. Highly recommened!
Studio B Buffett... Your lines are so mother fucking long! My stomach felt like it ate itself :'(, but thank god, my friends were waiting since 4, and by the time we got there we just waited for another hour -____-x, I seriously love you and hate you. Their desserts are delicious. I ate some of their desserts and by the time I went outside to check out that bakery they were fucken expensive! but the price of $32, for their seafood, you were completely worth itttt! . . Studio B buffet is outside of the strip, maybe like 10 minutes away from the strip. In my opinion, I think this buffet is one of the best around LV. It is shaped kinda like  ~ literally, its like squiggly LOL. food are so delicious. They have all kinds of food from Chinese, Thai, American, Etc. Well this is a buffet.. but I was kinda shocked they had PAD THAI there.. I love PAD THAI!!Our drinks came out in a quickness & our server was great. Shes an ASIAN LADY that speaks cantonese, so my friends were stirring up a convo with her. Shes one of the best server I-have-ever had in my life.
I hadn't been to a buffet in a while. I sort of out grew them a few years back. It's just massive hoarding and chowing down and you leave feeling "ugh". My family was in town and they had heard good things about the Studio B Buffet at the M Casino. I had been out at the M Casino once before just to take a look around. Seemed like a nice enough place but didn't eat anything. Since they wanted to try it we thought why not. . . We ventured out on a Saturday night. The line was huge, took about 45 minutes to get in and we got there around 8:30. When we got in I realized what I had been missing. . . There is so much variety of food. It reminded me of the Rio buffet with all the different things to eat. It's sort of pricey but what buffet isn't? It was about $28 per person (maybe a little more, little less) but after abstaining for so long it felt good to try a new buffet. Too many different types of foods to mention here. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to try a buffet off the strip.
Price is okay, but the food quality here is definitely noticeably an improvement compared to a lot of the other buffets on the strip. The presentation, along with the freshness, and the unbelievably large amount of choices to choose from definitely give this place an edge. . . Expect a long line to get in. But once you're in, enjoy the multiple screens, great food, and the best service at a buffet you'll ever get.
Went on Memorial Day weekend so the price was a bit more expensive ($32) than usual. But considering the fact that the buffets on the strip would have been ($45+), it was a good deal.. . The food there was fantastic and our server was on top of everything. Whatever small thing we asked for, like an extra spoon, she was on it.. . I think the best parts were their variety of food and dessert.
yes i know everyone loves their endless beer and wine as part of their buffet! i must say it's quite awesome. other than that, they do have some pretty good food!! my faves were the oxtail soup, pad thai, mahi mahi, and crab legs. i don't usually eat sushi at a buffet (unless it's a sushi buffet) bc the rice just fills you up and the fish isn't the greatest quality, but they have some decent fish, for a buffet. their desserts are also quite pleasant. love the gelato, fruit tarts, and creme brulee. it's sp far from the strip, but definitely worth the trip. i mean i only went two nights in a row! although the weekend is better bc of the seafood and crab legs!!
I've been to this buffet three or four times.  I think it is very good.  Some of the outstanding dishes from tonight:  green curry with chicken with a good spiciness--probably a 5 or 6 out of 10 at most Thai restaurants; black bean Asian eggplant with tofu; and some bamboo mahi mahi--the fish being tasty and juicy for a buffet setting.  Disappointments were the teriyaki chicken (too sweet) and the artisan breads.  The breads have never been outstanding, but they seem to be closer to regular sliced bread than artisan.. . Desserts as always were good.  I think the cannoli are the best of any buffet in town.  I wasn't fond of the pecan pie, but the creme brulee is outstanding.  . . Service was top notch.  The server brought fresh glasses of iced tea before I was finished with one, and he brought coffee with dessert.  50% off for people 50 and older on Wednesday makes this a super value.
If you want to experience a Las Vegas buffet without the costly Las Vegas price, the Studio B Buffet is the place to go. Studio B is located in the fairly new M Casino and Resort about 20 minutes from The Strip (using 15 South). Although the casino is located away from the bright lights and hustle and bustle of Vegas, the drive to eat at this buffet is well worth it.. . Here is some useful information about the prices:. Lunch 10:30 am-2:30 pm............................ $14.99. Dinner 4:00 pm-9:00pm...............................$22.99. . Seafood brunch (Saturday and Sunday) 9:00 am -2:30 pm...............$31.99. Seafood dinner (Friday, Saturday, Sunday) 4:00 pm-10:00 pm...........$31.99. . The buffet also serves breakfast daily, but I didn't bother copying the prices down. Who wakes up early enough in Vegas to eat breakfast anyways?    . . My group of 12 and I arrived at the buffet at 6 pm on a Thursday night and found ourselves standing in a very long, non-moving line. It took 2 hours before we were seated, however, at the front of the line is a lounge area where you can get started on your unlimited alcohol. Yes, unlimited red and white wine, beer, and cider; but I tipped the beverage attendant just to be nice  I had a taste of the wines, which just tasted like regular wines to me, nothing fancy, but it went well with the meal.. . The buffet has your typical salad bar, which also included fresh mozzarella slices, cocktail shrimp, and tri-tip and prime rib carving stations. They also had a carving station for Bamboo Mahi Mahi which looked very interesting, but I didn't give it a try. According to my parents, it was kind of dry. Although it was not seafood night, they had many seafood dishes, including various styles of mussels (the baked mussels with the mayonnaise stuff was my favorite), this swirly baked fish, and also Paella. The buffet reminded me of the buffet at the Rio because of its International choices, including Mexican, Thai (the Pad Thai was very popular at my table), Chinese, Italian, and American. Sorry, no sushi here. Everything seemed pretty fresh and refilled promptly until near closing time.. . The best part of the buffet was the dessert bar, so make sure to save some room for dessert. If you have a sweet tooth, this place is perfect for you. The dessert bar line starts with crepes topped with fruit, cookies, various macaroons, brownies, red velvet cupcakes, and more. I had the mini creme brulee, tiramisu, and cannolis which tasted exactly like the ones I get when I go to Jersey. All very yummy. What kept me going back to the dessert bar were the numerous flavors of gelato and sorbet. Mmmmmm.... I highly recommend the raspberry sorbet and the mango and chocolate mint gelato. What made the dessert bar even better was the available hot chocolate, cappuccino, and espresso. . . Overall, the buffet was awesome. Our waiter refilled our water glasses promptly and didn't mind making conversation with us. The staff was nice. Just be prepared to wait and starve in the long line if you don't get there early. I can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas and try their seafood night.
I'm not a fan of buffets. I'd rather pay for quality over quantity. So when my family decides to go to one, I base my review largely on selection. And there was a whole lot to choose from! You literally work up an appetite just walking around the room to get your food. . . The wait time can vary. I waited for 2 hours, but this was on Father's day. I'm not sure how long it is normally, but I hear it can get up to the 1 to 2 hours range. .  . I think what really makes this buffet stand out from the rest though, is their all you can drink beer and wine station. I instantly thought this might not be the best family oriented buffet because of it, but i didn't see anyone abuse it. For light drinkers, I'd recommend trying the cider. For heavier drinkers, remember to save room for the rest of the buffet! . . Endless snow crab legs is fun to eat, because it makes such a mess. Maybe we're novice snow crab eaters, but when my cousin and I crack crab legs, meat flies everywhere! Don't be ashamed to bib up.. . Lastly, don't forget to save room for dessert!!
AYCD yes you read it right this place not only has AYCE but also All you can Drink wine and beer included with LUNCH/DINNER admission.. . Staying off strip is maybe a good Thing. This Vegas Trip I stayed at a friends house to save some money.The house was near M Resort and Spa. I've heard many good things about the buffet and so had to try it.. . Price:. Breakfast. $9.99 Mon-Fri . . Lunch. $14.99 Mon-Thurs. . Seafood Lunch/Dinner. $31.99 for Fri-Sun. . Like all buffets they have many food selections from:. CHINESE,JAPANESE, GREEK, FILIPINO, AMERICAN, ITALIAN, AND MEXICAN. . The items that stood out to me were the Prime Rib/Tri Tip and those humongous CRAB LEGS! . . Service was really attentive and the Dessert Area can be overwhelming because there are so many good stuff to choose from! I didn't had room for the gelato though because I was filled up :(
I don't know why I didn't write a review earlier.  We really enjoy the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.  We go at least once whenever we are in Vegas.  Even though the M Resort is off the strip, the line up for the buffet especially for the seafood buffet on weekend can be verrrrry long.  The food quality is top notch, except for the sushi.  I don't care for it since the sushi rice tends to be too cold.  The mac 'n cheese is one of my favorite dishes here though they tend not to serve it when they have the seafood buffet.  The prime rib is good too since if you are patient, you can get a medium rare piece but they disappear fast.  My last trip out I had the seafood buffet comp'd so I really indulged in the fresh oysters and the crab legs (which I am glad were not salty).. . They have a really good assortment of desserts but my favorite is the ice cream counter. . . Service is generally really good to excellent most times we have been.  The wait staff works hard at clearing the tables and getting drinks.. . Definitely recommend Studio B if you want to wander away from the strip.  M Resort also has some really fun slot machines to play before and after dinner - BONUS!
Pros: . Selection is great.. Died when I tried the crab legs and the tortelini dish.. Service is fast.. Creme brulee & gelato (not together), enough said.. . Cons:. The line.. The bbq ribs were too dry.. Mashed potatoes and meatloaf were bland. . . That's about everything I got to experience/try.
After reading all of the 4 and 5 star reviews, and perusing the photos of seafood mountains, I finally had a chance to dine here during the 4th of July Holiday weekend.  We even arrived at 4:30 PM with hopes to beat the rush, but still waited in line for an 1.5 hours just to get to the cashier, then another 20 minutes before we were seated- but I knew to expect that and my husband and I took turns playing the slots- so it's all good... (plus winning at the slots to pay for dinner was icing on the cake). . . I had been craving snow crabs and was very happy with the selection.   It was not salty at all and I actually prefer the non pre-sliced crab legs.  When I have to work for my food, it tastes even better- plus I am forced to take my time and not just shovel plates of food like a gluttonous pig.  4 out of the 5 snow crab segments that I cracked and peeled, were flawless and perfectly dipped in butter. Only 1 of them stuck to the shells. Not bad.... . I also made sure to save enough room for a slice of medium rare prime rib and for a buffet, it was quite tasty.  Of course, I also had to stock up on some cocktail shrimp and something about the cocktail sauce had me wanting more and more.  Unfortunately, because I am pregnant I couldn't partake in the unlimited wine and beer, but who knows if I would take up precious stomach space anyways.  Regardless, our waitress was quite attentive and my class of iced tea was never empty, nor did a dirty plate sit at our table for more than a couple minutes.  . . I did try the sushi and nigiri and I'll pass next time.  I did try a couple pieces of the tempura shrimp and veggies and those were delish.  But other than that, I had stuffed myself silly with crab legs and shrimp, that I didn't have a chance to sample much else.  However, the selection is quite vast.  The dessert station looked fabulous and I couldn't leave without a scoop of pistachio gelato.  Yummo!. . All in all- a successful buffet trip and one that I look forward to making again, especially when I am not pregnant so that I can partake in the raw oysters!
Only reason for 4 stars is the wait.  The long, crazy, ridiculous wait that makes one almost crazy.  However once you get in there and have your free beer and win, all is forgotten.  Well, mostly forgotten.  The food is better than average and cheaper than average.  Dinner was much better and impressive than breakfast.
This buffet is pretty good compared to other buffets. The lines are a lot shorter mostly because the Casino is off the strip. We ate on July 4th so it was $35 per person. The price was a bit steep for a Buffet but it did include beer and wine. So I guess it's not that bad. . . Here was what I got: DONT JUDGE ME! I had a small bit of each LOL.... -Snow Crab Legs - Cold ones - was pretty good. The crab legs were super big but it made up for the taste. The crab was fresh and I ate 3 plates of it! . -Tri Tip - chewy so I only had 1 bite. -Prime Rib - good, fresh and cooked perfectly.. All my pieces were just how I liked them. Medium Rare.. -Shrimp Cocktail - fresh and decent sizes. -Orange chicken - decent for buffet. -Assorted Sushi - fresh and liked the salmon. -oysters - VERY VERY Fresh! I was very impressed. Usually I would not eat raw oysters but I was impressed. They have big and small ones. I, myself like the small ones.. -Thai Beef Salad - No go.. Beef wasn't that great. - baked mussels - not bad. - cucumber salad - no go.. they need to make them sour... LOL. - Crab Salad - impressed it was pretty good. It also has some smelt eggs mixed in too. Desserts. -Cream brulee - YUMMY. -Flan - yummy for a buffet too.. LOL Yummy is one of my favorite words.. -Soft serve ice cream - ehHHhh not great. . Overall, compared to other buffets, it was pretty good.
Mmmmmmm, this was my first visit to the M Resort Buffet, and probably won't be my last.  It helped that it's really close to my work, so their lunch buffet will probably be the only one I do.. . At $15 for lunch, it was not a bad deal for all the food and options you get.  Everything seemed to be quality food.  If you go, request a seat near the window.  You'll have an expansive view of the Las Vegas Skyline.  Something I've never experienced at a buffet before.
LOVE!
I've tried quite a few buffets in Vegas and this is by far my favorite. The price is reasonable at $31for adults and the selection is excellent! The dessert bar is to die for and the unlimited beer/wine is a big plus! Definitely a must try!
service is great food is good, but only on busy days otherwise, the food is crap....long waits so get on the platinum stations card thingy
Long lines are worth it. Stay a while and enjoy. Hit up the after coffee because their is a barista-and have her/him spike it with some coffee liquor! Also the kalbi KBBQ  and oxtail soup are a must try. Along with the unlimited beer and wine, my fav is the cider (sparkling wine) !
I've been here a few times and have always waited in super long lines that stretched across the casino especially on their Fri and Sat seafood nights, around $30. They have a large selection of items that you would usually see at a buffet, salads, desserts, chicken, meats, and so on. They also do it with a flare and added some other delicious items not usually offered at regular buffet, awesome desserts, espessos, oysters, beer, wine, sushi, sashimi, thai dishes and a lot more. one of the only other negatives was that eventhough they have a big selection, some of the quality felt like typical buffet, tasted plain, or didn't look fresh.
We came here for breakfast and stayed for lunch on the way back to Cali on one of our visits and it was our first time. They AMAZED me! They had eggs benedict that was done so right! The poached egg and sauce...Mmmm. . We came and checked in at 10:30 am so we only had to pay for breakfast which was $9.99 per person. Best $20 buck me and the hubby ever spent in Vegas! There was so many selections, again, we were impressed. So impressed that when came back to vegas, we wanted to try their dinner.. . This is where I knocked down one star. Majority of the dishes I saw for a saturday dinner were the same ones I saw for a monday breakfast/lunch. But nontheless, it was pretty good. Just not worth $35 for dinner in my opinion.
Located off the actual strip. It's about 15 minutes away, located in the M hotel. The line is SUPER SUPER long...but I have to say this is the best buffet ever! $33 for weekends lunch/dinner, which includes unlimited food & alcohol. . . Man...the buffet was SO big.. I had no idea where to START!!. . . I am taking 1 star off for the almost 2 hour wait... DON'T COME HERE SUPER HUNGRY, because you will be pissed, starving and ready to kill someone.
You know you're a fatty when the only French word you know is "buffet," ..admit it... . 4.5! Possibly one of the best buffets in Vegas. It's located in the really nice, but also empty M Resort 10 miles off the strip.. . I'm always skeptical of buffets with a large variety of "ethnic foods," but everything was generally great. I especially loved the layout of this buffet! HUGE!. . - A large island in the middle for meat carvings: prime rib (my fav!), mahi mahi cooked on a fancy bamboo stalk, roasted chicken, and more.. - The seafood stations divided by cold and hot. So the chilled crab legs were by the raw oysters and there was also hot crab legs, yay!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?userid=QMqSgBqSrlRhz2B0UiORjw. - Never ending dessert station. My friend and I looked at the tiny plates provided for the desserts, and we made a detour to grab some large plates: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=LR3Fm9zcy0ayy1BF4BikkA variety! . Possibly 30% of what I consumed consisted of creme brulee..... - AYCE beer (on tap) and wine station. Didn't get to take advantage of this yet, but definitely will next time! They also have cider on tap. - Coffee bar at the end of the dessert station, so I ended my meal and desserts with a nice cappuccino.. . I never have conversations with the people who prep and cook buffet foods, but the staff and cooks were so nice!. . Sat & Sun: Seafood Brunch & Dinner $33.99. Saturday: until 2 p.m. buy one, get one free!. . **even struggling to type this review because of my pudgy fingers**
For 35$ for 2 people, this buffet was well worth it. Lots of variety, but quantity isn't always quality.  At least half + of the food was good and the other half could use more attention.  The honey glazed ham that I got was VERY salty, not sweet at all.  The tri tip and turkey on the other hand though was good.  Their BBQ flavored stuff was too sweet to me, I'm used to a more smokey taste.  Their desert station though was great. I would not mind coming here again.
We arrived in line at 6:10 pm on Saturday night.  We waited in line for about 2 hours 15 minutes till we got seated for a table of 3.  Once seated the inside of the buffet is very impressive.  Everything is very nice to look at.  All the food is changed out alot so it is all hot and fresh.  Every thing had a good taste...the oysters were very good and I preferred the hot crab over the cold crab.  The cost is $34.00 per person and the wait is awful because it is so long and a cocktail waitress never came to the buffet to take drink orders so we were really thristy when we got our table.  I would give 5 stars of line moved faster and if we could get drinks well in line
Best buffet in Las Vegas? Quite possibly. Unfortunately I think the Bellagio has the edge in freshness and more unique food items, but the M Buffet gives it a run for its money.. . *SNAPS* for Studio B for seriously giving a TON of choices!. It's $33.99 for a seafood brunch (which basically lasts ALLLLLL weekend). . . THINGS I NOTICED:. - Sashimi had some FUNKY tasting toro (tuna). Very questionable.. - HOT & COLD crab legs! I hate it when buffets give ICED crab legs. . - Raw oysters that did not seem very fresh.. - Good dessert bar that offers unlimited barista coffee drinks!. - Why is there no restroom INSIDE the buffet?. - Long wait. SERIOUSLY long wait.. . A Las Vegas native informed me that the buffet is BOGO Free on Saturdays before 2pm. I cannot confirm this myself...but if its true then Oh My Goodness.
Uhh ok what on earth is everyone talking about this place being the best buffet ever??? This place is good but its not THAT good.... . I went here for the seafood buffet dinner which is what I heard everyone comes here for and honestly I wasn't that impressed. I admit, there are some selections that I felt tasted very good and very high in quality, but only a few. Everything else was mediocre, better than other buffets like TI but not worth all the hype. I guess a plus was the free wine and beer, that's probably why its so expensive? The dessert section was alright, pretty standard for a good buffet. In my opinion, I still think the wynn buffet is better...maybe even the carnival world buffet in rio too. And for a seafood buffet...they could have had a way better selection of sushi. I was expecting seafood choices more than just the crab legs and shrimp since it was talked about so much from yelp and everyone else. The mahi mahi wasn't that great and the prime rib was kinda dry. . . Bottom line...I wouldn't waste my time driving from the strip to wait in traffic and then an hour+ in the line and pay $35. I give it 3.5 - 4 stars because overall it is pretty good but it doesn't deserve all of this attention.
Grab a drink while waiting in line for the Sunday Seafood Brunch cuz the line is long! Luckily for us we came before 11 when the madness started. As for the food my only complaint is that they should buff up the sushi section a little. The rice is a little hard and the sushi fish was dry. Otherwise, you get the hallmark carving station with the prime rib, the selection of Asian to Italian cuisines and my favorite the desserts! You also can't hate on the unlimited beer and wine that comes with lunches and dinners. A must try!
One of the most delicious buffets i have ever had!  The main attraction of the buffet?  The amazing hot crab legs and dessert selection, oh and the booze too.  My boyfriend and i stopped at the M Resort on our way back to California.  it was only 10am and i was eating like a fat little piglet.  I ate so much, our server looked at me and said, "I can really tell you enjoyed and got your moneys worth at the buffet."  Um rude. Let me eat in peace fool!. . There is such a large selection of amazing food at this buffet.  Sure the sushi was a little blah, but the lamb was delish as well as the oysters, mussels, and Korean BBQ.  I'll have to admit i stuffed my face with crab legs so i couldn't fit a lot of the other food in.  I wanted to be a fat kid and save room for the good stuff.  . . This buffet is way better than the Wynn, which we had the day before.. . The desserts were AMAZING.  I had two plates full of sweets! Even though i was full of crab legs.
I came here in a group of 5 at 2:33pm on a Saturday.  Their lunch price ended at 2:30pm and they would not allow us to have the lunch price.  We were charged the dinner price at $35 per person.  There wasn't a bad wait.  We left around 4pm and there was a bunch of people waiting in line.  . . I would say their food is good for buffet food.  I am a huge seafood fan and they had crabs that were cooked 3 different ways, clams, raw oysters, shrimp cocktails, fishes, and some sushis.  Their meat selection was also good.  My favorite were the ribs.  I loved that they had extra sauce on the side.  Thats about all the food I ate.  As for dessert, they were all mediocre, but my favorite was the creme burlee.  The buffet also offers drinks such as espressos, cappuccinos, and different lattes.  They have 4 types of beer and 3 types of wines.  They also have root beer that they made.  . . The service was very good.  They guy was constantly taking our finished plates and was very courteous.  Ordered drinks also came out fast.  . . Overall, they have have good food for a buffet, but I would not say its the best food ever.  My disappointments were the sushis and desserts.  However, its a good place to check out if the wait isnt bad and if you are willing to make the drive from the strip.  It's the best buffet right now in Vegas.  For $35 per person, its reasonable.
Wow, what can I say, this is probably THE best buffet that I have ever been to!!. . First off, the selection and quality of food is incredible!! They have a LARGE selection of various types of foods....including lots of different types of seafood, gelato, and even wine!. . As any seasoned buffet diner knows, don't go for the pizza and fried chicken.....but instead, go for the exotic and expensive foods such as king crab legs, clams, mussels, fish, prime rib, etc.. . As such, I went around the buffet area and grabbed A LOT of different foods and to my surprise, everything tasted good! The quality really surprised me for a buffet....usually buffet quality food is just MEH, but the food here was outstanding. . . The prime rib was probably the best dish that I had all night. The prime rib was cooked just right, tender and juicy with an appropriate amount of juices retained in the meat.. . The gelato bar also had a multitude of flavors and each one of them tasted great. The wine bar was fantastic as well, as you could go up and request any wine and/or beer that you wanted.. . Secondly, the pricing here is reasonable, quite possibly cheaper than the Bellagio Buiffet and the Wynn Buffet!. . The only downside to this place is that it is far away from the strip....which means you have to take a long taxi ride here. If I remember correctly, the taxi ride was about $30-$40 bucks one way.. . In any case, if you come to Vegas for a buffet, and you have the time, definitely check out this buffet as it surpasses all of the other buffets in Vegas!!
Came here because I heard so many great things about it, from tourists to locals.  Damn! am I happy I came.. . #1 Prime Rib - Wait for a fresh one and get the end cut.  You will not be disappointed.  Tasted so damn good that I didn't even want au jois or A1 or Tabasco.  I didn't want to spoil the taste with other sauces, even if they help enhance it. Best Prime rib I have ever eaten, melts in your mother fucking mouth! *WARNING*  Do not, I repeat Do NOT, start with this dish first, it will ruin everything else in the buffet for you because it is so damn good.  By the end of my meal I went back for seconds.. . #2 Mac and Cheese One of the best Mac and Cheeses I have ever tasted.  Enough said.. . #3 Maybe the Green Sauce and Pork in the Mexican section, this was pretty good, soft pieces of pork.. . Other dishes that stood out was the sweet mashed potatos with marshmallows, Clams, Mussels, and Tempura Shrimp..  . Everything else was so-so.  Even so it is still one of the buffets you must hit up.  I'm not sure if it is the best in Vegas, but I was not disappointed.. . The deserts:  Chocolate Rice Krispies and Gelato.  The Ice Cream was great.. . $26 a person on a Weekday, free Wineand Beer.. . By the end of the meal I was so full I wanted to throw up.  We went for a feast and left more than satisfied.. . The only complaint I have is that it is far away.  Other than that, everyone that comes to Vegas must go at least once in their life.
I waited in line for 2 hours and it was worth the wait!  I am so glad that I am a stubborn b--- and got everyone to stick it out in line.  The variety and quality of food was exceptional.  My favorites were the osso bucco, gelato, creme brulee, lattes, wine, and root beer on tap.  Their creme brulee was amazingly crispy on top.  I cracked it like Amelie and enjoyed every bite.  However, I was not too impressed with their Kalua pig and cabbage.  And, I stayed away from most of their asian dishes because asian inspired buffet dishes are almost always underwhelming.  Although, the pad thai was not that bad.  But, I'm not sure if it is because I don't normally eat pad thai and  I'm not really familiar with how it is supposed to taste.  Regardless, I enjoyed their pad thai and went back for seconds.  I would definitely go back again.  But, I'm not sure I have the patience to wait 2 hours in line again.
I concur with most of the other reviews. Great choices, both on regular nights and the seafood nights. And of course, the all you can drink beer and wine is a nice touch.. . I am pretty adventurous, while the wife is a little picky. This place satisfies both of us without fail.. . Let me warn you though. Look out for the 400 pound guy on seafood night. If you get in his way at the crab legs, he might mistake your arm for a crab leg.
First time and have to say it was worth the price. Seafood buffet was delicious, all entrees fresh, great quality and it comes with free beer or wine. I'm coming back again!
Mmm! A little aways from the strip, but definitely worth the drive.. . We came on a saturday night so we could do the seafood buffet ($33 per person) since it's only offered on the weekend.. . Since this place is off the strip, we figured the wait wouldnt be bad, but we were wrong. Wait was about an hour. So don't come starving. Come semi-hungry & have your hunger build as you wait in line.. . FOOD. They had a very good variety, but probably the most popular items are their crab legs & prime rib. The crab is very fresh, unfortunately the shell is only cracked a little. So you have to do a little work to enjoy your food. (I'm a little spoiled from the other vegas buffets doing it for me) LOL.. . The prime rib was so good! Not overcooked, not overly bloody. The perfect medium. =) That's usually hard to find especially eating prime rib in a buffet setting.. . They also had a good selection of italian (pasta, gnoochi, pizzas), mediterranean (pita & humus), chinese, japanese, american, mexican, & even hawaiian. I loved the kahlua pork. It was really tender & juicy meat!. . Of course the most notable is their wine/beer bar. It's included in the price unlike other vegas buffets. It's unlimited! Bummer it's located away from the strip so you can't walk back to your hotel. =p. Overall quality was good & they had a good selection to choose from. Even had dessert wines! =). . DESSERT. Always my favorite station in any buffet. They had ready made crepes (not made to order. DARN!), cakes, fruit tarts, creme brulee, & gelato bar! Another notable thing is they even offer drinks like cappuccinos with your dessert =). You get it at the dessert bar for these specially made drinks. . SERVICE. Our server was good. Tables were cleared off & refills given in a timely manner.. . AMBIANCE. Overall, it looked like a big, modern cafeteria setting. HAHA. Don't get me wrong it's nice. But the way it's structured with the food centrally located in an open circular room made it feel very cafeteria-ish.. . Definitely would come back to get away from the strip & have some good dining.
I'm going to preface this by saying this is a review for the lunch buffet, and from what I hear, the dinner is better.  Studio B was recommended by a  local friend, so we decided to try it on our way out of town. Had I known about the unlimited alcohol, I would have come here earlier for dinner. But booze and a long drive to Los Angeles do not mix. Get that kids??. . I found the lunch buffet to be a bit uneven. Some things were amazing, some so-so, some just not good. The whole buffet is organized into sections by cuisine. The roasted meats are sort of in the center. There is a little Greek section, a small Japanese section, a small Chinese section, Thai, Mexican, etc. There is a section toward the end for breads, but every serious buffet diner knows not to eat bread, right?? Bread = filler!. . I'll start with the highlights. I found the entire Chinese section to be pretty good. I had braised oxtail, which was amazing, and eggplant and tofu stir fried in a sweet soy glaze, which was also very tasty. The ginered crab legs were very fresh and very tender, though not terribly gingery. The tri-tip was terrifically tender and juicy. The mashed potatoes were buttery and tasty, with a few chunks of potato to let you know they were real potatoes. I tried the mango and chocolate gelati, and both were delicious.. . The roast turkey breast was ok, though a bit salty. The fried chicken had nice flavor, but also too salty. The pad thai was pretty decent but a bit sweet.. . The beef stroganoff was flavorless and on the tough side. The salisbury steak, though very tempting on the buffet, was also flavorless. How can you mess up ground beef patties with brown gravy?. . The desserts were similarly uneven. There was a pistachio mousse with a raspberry coulis. Honestly, that combination just didn't make sense to me. The mini tiramisu was too moist with some kind of sweet coffee-like liquid. The chocolate silk pie was too salty. . . All in all, not terrible, but not great. I am told I should come back for dinner, and especially on seafood night, so maybe there will be a follow up someday. It was definitely a nice change from the usual Strip noise and melange.
One of the best buffets in Vegas. I always make a point to stop by the M Resort on my way back to Los Angeles just for the Studio B Buffet! Because this buffet is so good, lines can be extremely long - especially around check out time - so be warned if you are in a time crunch. . . The buffet itself is in a very large round room. The food selection is very extensive - ranging from Thai, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, American, etc. They even have artisan breads and free beer and wine (don't forget to tip!). The food usually includes an assortment of comfort food (mash potatoes, mac and cheese, etc), curries, sushi, pizza, salads, stir fried items, etc. On the dessert side, Studio B offers gelato, crepes, along with the usual assortment of tarts and cakes. They even offer espresso! . . Be sure to check it out for yourself! It can be a little pricey (especially for an off-strip buffet), but it is well worth the money. Try going on Wednesdays when they offer 2 for 1 for players club members!
I really liked this buffet. For the price and what you get its great. The variety of what's offered and the thought/presentation of what they're offering is a notch above similarly priced buffets...shoot even more expensive ones!. . They had this veal dish (can't remember the name) and it was very, very good. I only ate that! The dessert bar has gelato! That was a nice departure from the normal soft serve and ice cream. . . So not to repeat what the other have said, here's my recap:. . Pros:. -Good quality food for the price. -The dessert bar was so good!. -Free alcohol with your meal. -Newer facility, newer hotel, quiet location. . Cons:. -Can get very busy, so go early to avoid lines. -Not an easy buffet to navigate. You have to walk all the way around to get to places. No cutting through. -15-20 mins from the strip, but this is only a con if you're staying near the strip =)
One of my favorite buffets in town! :)
I came in with some huge expectations and I left full, but somewhat unsatisfied.  I don't know if my expectations are too high, but I thought it was just alright.  The selection and price warrant at least a 4 star review, but there was nothing that I ate that had any sort of wow factor.  I will say that the food tasted very fresh and the selection was impressive.  My favorite area was the Asian theme, with the exception of the sushi.  The sushi was pathetic.  I would like to try this place sometime for dinner, when they have crab legs and more seafood.
Ate here with a bunch of friends of mine that came down to Vegas. Besides waiting in line for 2 hours this place was great! Come early to dinner so you don't wait long. The crab legs were so good! Had a lot of meat on them unlike other buffets. And the dessert bar! Delicious! Especially the panna cotta! The unlimited beer and wine was a big plus too!
I LOVE STUDIO B. . . BEST BEST BEST BUFFET EVER. And as a girl born and raised in Vegas, I know my buffets. I have to come here every time I'm at home. . . The biggest issue with buffets is: a) stuff lying around, and b) people picking through things. Both are alleviated by everything being eaten so quickly and old food and leftovers getting removed and replaced with fresh dishes. . . Awesome fresh seafood - oysters, hot crab legs, cold crab legs. Their cioppino is to die for. I love that they have mozzarella/tomato salad, as well as stuffed grape leaves (how often do you find those in buffets that are actually GOOD?), as well as calamari, fresh meat cuts, their salmon on a smoked plank, and unlimited drinks (including wine and beer). . . Lastly? Their dessert. Holy crap. A full bar full of the most exquisite desserts - aside from having your usual creme brulees, there are pies, mousses, merengues, ice cream/gelato (can't remember), and espresso/coffee bar. . . Lastly..and this is random, but they have awesome screens around the area that are fun to look at while you're stuffing your face. Overall the restaurant is clean and open, not squished.. . One star off just because the Seafood dinner buffet IS rather expensive.
Went for my second time to Studio B at M Casino on Friday 11/4. Both visits (first was in March) were great!! The first time we had a 45 minute lunch wait, but this last time it was less than 5 minutes (got there around 2pm). However by the time we left the line looked to be running closer to 45 minutes.. . The buffet is easily the best food especially for value in Las Vegas or for that matter anywhere I've been. $15.99 for lunch includes unlimited wine, beer or hard cider! Are you kidding me? On top of that the food always seems fresh vs. other buffets where you can visually see the sauces and fat not marinating at the top of buffet offerings. . . Some of the highlights gnocchi, clams, paella and fish offerings. The dessert bar is unreal. Beautifully crafted custards, creme brulee and tasty gelatos. You can also get your coffee with a spike of Irish Cream in it. Unheard of for a buffet.. . The dining area is simple, attractive and has a nice flow. There never seems to be a line of bunched up people for any offering which is quite nice. . . I still haven't figured out what the "classroom" looking studio is for or when it gets used, but that's okay because I'm so busy eating my four quarters (plates) of food as if I were playing linebacker for a gourmet buffet eating team.. .  I will always make my way there whenever I get to Vegas. The only hard part for out of towners is that you will need a car to get there, as it's as far down Las Vegas Blvd as it gets before you are on your way south down I-15.. . Studio B should be the standard of value and food quality that all buffets strive for.
If this buffet wasn't so far off the strip, I'd love to come here everytime. But then again, it's probably good because it's off the strip! . . Came here for their seafood buffet for a second time and it was just as good as I remembered. Cheap too! In comparision to the buffets on the strip, this seafood one is $33.99. Not too shabby at all.. . Love the fact that they have STEAMED crab legs. They are just so much tastier than the cold cocktail ones. Oysters, clams, shrimp cocktails, the works! I stuck with the oysters and crab legs and got my money's worth for sure. The other stuff I didn't really try because I was so focused on crab legs. The tidbits I did try were reallygood as well. The mac and cheese was deliciously cheesy, the sashimi salad was delicious. . . Unlimited beer and wine! Just remember to tip! AND they have root beer on draft! Hit up their dessert bar and add a scoop of vanilla ice cream and it's a great end to a fabulous dinner. . . I'll be back! So worth the wait. Go earlier to avoid the ridiculous lines... but even with the line, it's pretty much worth it!
What does the "B" in @Mresort Studio B buffet stand for?. . Hmm how about.... . B for bountiful! Studio B buffet has so much selection! They have all kinds of food- like Italian (pizzas, pastas), Chinese (orange chicken, fried rice, chow mein), Thai (yellow curry, red curry), American (turkey, prime rib, fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes), Mexican (Spanish rice, enchiladas), breakfast entrees (eggs, bacons, corn beef hash, potatoes), all kinds of salads and a abundant amount of different desserts  (creme brulee, meringues, cheesecakes, gelato). . B for beautiful! Studio B buffet's presentation of food is simply beautiful. The desserts are a perfect example of this. They have colorful meringue cookies (pink, yellow, green), cute dessert shooters, cheesecakes drizzled in sweet strawberry syrup, small awesome looking fruit tarts and scrumptious multicolored gelato!. . B for brilliant! Studio B buffet has a brilliant setup! The overall buffet atmosphere is a true winner! I like how they showcase different clips from the food network all around on large screens all around the buffet. In between the clips, are cute cartoons of dancing fruit! When we were there, at the dessert bar, there was a Super Mario cake that was a winner at a dessert contest. It was one cool looking cake. Visually pleasant and hip all around, one can enjoy scrumptious food in one of the coolest looking buffets in Vegas.. . Lastly, B for best! Yummy tasting food, good selection and nice presentation of food and cool place = Studio B buffet :).. . What B is it for you? ;)
The four stars are for the endless amounts of HOT crab legs (HATE HATE HATE cold crab legs) and asian style marinated crab legs! I could eat platefuls of the latter (and have done so). Honestly just ignore everything else and eat bucketloads of crab legs. End of story.. . I guess, if you have room left over you can eat a few bites of the gelato they have here too. The quality of the gelato was actually better than I expected! . . Can't wait until I come here again in a week!
Finally made it to Studio B and it did not disappoint.  We got there a little before 10, for breakfast it was only $11.  Such a great deal!  Kids under 4 are free, that is a plus for us because we usually have to pay for my son who usually doesn't eat much or not at all. . . The breakfast section takes up maybe 1/4 of the buffet.  It is not like other buffets where the whole buffet is breakfast there is plenty of food and they start setting up lunch pretty early in the other sections. The breakfast food is pretty standard fare but it is done well.  I like that even though they had the normal stuff they had several varieties of each, like 3 kinds of waffles, pancakes, french toast, 2 eggs bennys, reg bacon and sausage and also turkey.  The pastries were surprisingly good I usually find buffet pastries to be really dry but these were perfect.  . . I was disappointed that the espresso bar and dessert station were not open for breakfast.  I mean really you advertise your custom coffees but I can't get it with breakfast?  I did get a pretty good latte and some awesome desert before we left though since they were just starting lunch.  There were a few couples sitting around us waiting for lunch to start.  Wish I had thought of that.  Seeing all the great lunch dishes def made me want to come back for lunch/wish I hadn't eaten so much breakfast.  You really can't beat all you can drink wine and beer that is worth the price right there. The dessert station was great they have full size gourmet cupcakes; they aren't Retro but pretty darn close.  I think they come from Babycakes in the casino, they look the same.  They also have gelato and sorbet and an espresso bar all in the dessert station.  . . Overall a great locals casino.  Most of the employees inside and out of the buffet went above and beyond to help us out and make us feel welcome.  Walking through the casino we had employees ask us if we needed anything or if they could help us.  I don't know if we looked lost or what but it was really nice and not annoying at all and I get annoyed really easy.  Our server at the buffet left a lot to be desired but maybe we caught her on a bad day.
All you can drink beer and wine is what really makes this place.  The dessert bar is extensive, with alcholic coffees that a bartender can create for you.  We did the seafood brunch on a sunday morning for $40 which was not worth it as half of our group did not eat seafood.  They had 2 types of crab, oyster, shrimp.  I wish the crab legs were cut in half like they do at the bellagio though.. . Salad is decent, steak overdone and some asian and greek dishes were awful.  Overall 4 stars for the diverse types of food and the all you can drink!
Came for lunch and was happy to be able to eat for $16!  That's cheaper than almost all the buffets on the strip.   On top of that...the price includes unlimited wine and beer.  They had coors and PBR on tap and a few wines.  . . As for the food....I wouldn't say that it is the best buffet in vegas, but you have a lot to choose from.  As with all buffets...avoid sushi if you can.  Many of the hand-carved meats are on the dry side.  But they offered crawfish, fried shrimp, paella, creamed spinach, rice, salads, and pretty solid fish here too.  I loved their shrimp dishes and their pork offerings.   . . There are a lot of misses, but they have enough hits to make this a great outing.   Particularly if you come with the intent on drinking a lot of beer.  If you don't like alcohol, I recommend that you hit up their root beer on tap.   It's pretty good.  . . Overall...the reason I'd come back is because they have enough good entrees that you will go home full and happy.   More importantly, they have an awesome price point and unlimited beer.  . . The cons are that not all of the food is great and that it's located 10 miles off the strip.  . . My favorite buffet in Vegas is the wicked spoon because of their willingness to offer creative entrees that you'd normally see in nice restaurants.  Second would be Bellagio because of its standout desserts and great entrees.   I'd rate this as a viable contender for third best buffet in Vegas.  Check it out as you leave the strip.
Very awesome buffet. You have to travel a little off the strip, but it is well worth it. We had the seafood brunch that is offered on Saturday and Sunday.  The sushi is not as fresh as I am use to. So I did not really care for that.  However, the crab legs were really good. They were fresh and had a sweet taste to them. I made a big mess trying to crack open the shells, but it was totally worth it. My mouth is watering as a write this review. . They offer a limited selection of all you can drink wine and beer. I definitely took advantage of this awesome deal.  The prime rib is made to perfection, just the way I like it. They offer a wide selection of entrees to choose from : Italian, American, French, Asian. There is so much to choose from, I just went with my favorites. The dessert also offers a wide selection to choose from. Some of the things were scrumptious like the creme brulee and chocolate souffle. While other things were not so good like the pistachio shooter and the crepe. Maybe I went on an off day.. I have been here twice. The first time we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated, and this was on a Saturday around 2pm The second time was also a Saturday and it was about 12pm, and we were immediately seated.
Great value for money. Came here for lunch. $15.99 per person. Unlimited beer & wine... Though we don't drink, I still think it is a great deal. Cappuccino & other coffee is available at the desert bar. Their cappuccino is very good. I asked the lady to put Baileys :). . They have the usual selection... American, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican & Italian.. . The dessert bar is awesome! I love sweets and they had lots and lots of it .. . Service is excellent too.
Came on a Saturday and paid the 36 for lunch. I can't say its the best buffet in Vegas, although they did they smoke salmon which was a plus. . . I was really looking for lobster buffet, but there seams to be only 3 in Vegas, one which is 90 bucks, and the other two doesn't have good reviews but i'll have to see for myself.. . What I notice about this buffet is that there is wine and beer.  . . Pretty much I feel like you get for whatyou pay, although I was looking for lobster, Vegas buffets in my opinion are all pretty much the same.
This buffet has to be the best buffet I've been to here in Las Vegas. Came to check it out because I didn't feel like cooking and my boyfriend plays poker at the M everyday, so my mother and I went to go meet up with him for dinner. Went through the VIP line, but the buffet is pretty small compared to all the others, so it took a while to get seated. They have a really good selection and variety. Some out of the norm range like Hawaiian & Greek. To be honest, I do think it is over priced though. Only reason why we came was because the boyfriend gets like 15% off or something for us and my mother gets free buffet comps all the time for here, but hey, if you have money to spend then go for it. I'm currently pregnant, so I didn't get to try the unl. beer & wine bar, but if your coming to get your drink on, then i guess you can say it's decently priced. Lol. The desert bar was amazing! My favorite was the crepes w/ ice cream. They also have a barista so you can enjoy a cup of joe with your desert.
The line here SUCKS. Big hairy (insert vulgar line here). . . But apart from the 2 hour wait on Black Friday, the food here is great.. . Not gonna lie, the service wasn't top notch like the first time I had been here. The waiter forgot that I ordered water and when I asked him again, he was like "Oh sure, of course!" and both my dad and I were just befuddled at how no lightbulb went off in his head that we had already ordered that. And he was lucky that night, my parents and I didn't go crazy so he didn't have that many plates to clear.. . The pumpkin and mushroom ravioli was DIVINE. I kept going back for more. The sweetness of the pumpkin was so refreshing in the ravioli, compared to all your typical meat sauce and cheese raviolis. The beet salad was also a great palate cleanser, I love beets! Ooh, and don't forget the prime rib! It was super tender and my favorite part was actually the more well done outer bits of the slice. And for the first time, I dipped the meat into the sauce that's supposed to go with prime rib...like heaven. In ma mouth. . . Let's see...what else, I don't know, they have all your typical buffet stuff, soup, salad, sushi, seafood, meat, classics, asian, etc. . . I looove their dessert line though. The banana crepes are soo delish and all the desserts are so cute. Little tarts, cookies, cakes and creams. And they even have a gelato scooper at the end. I tried as much as I could to my sweet heart's desire.. . This was also a special occasion for me because I paid for our meal with my 1st paycheck ever :D I think because it was dinner and thanksgiving weekend, the buffet was about $37 or something per person. The grand total turned out to be about $111 or somewhere around there. . . It's really sad that M is so far off the strip. It's a really nice and classy hotel in my opinion. And I think the buffet is really reasonable and worth it compared to some of the bigger hotels right on the strip. . . I'll definitely come back next time during the cheaper lunch on non-holiday weekends!. . P.S. It really irks me how buffet lines don't just give you a buzzer to tell you when it's your party's turn next...doesn't it make sense not to make people stand in your line for 2 hours that they could be spending depositing their life savings into your slot machines and crap tables?! If you let us wander while we wait for our spot in the buffet, we would definitely end up playing. Come on, it's vegas!
wayyyy too much selection! All the food is amazing and it's fresh. This is one of the few buffets I know of where BOTH Asian and American dishes were yummy! The desserts were amazing and cute too; my favorite was the mango parfait and the gelato. The poor servers here were working to the bone to serve us!. . There was this server, Becky, a forty-somethin year old woman wearing pig-tails, who was a bit weird. We asked her if there were tools to break down the crab legs since they only gave us the weak and useless plastic crab leg scraper. Her reaction was this: "You HAVE them, I GAVE them to you!" in a defensive and whiny tone as if we were blaming her for not having tools. Later on she said the buffet didn't have the good quality tools because people kept taking them home. That made sense, but she didn't have to react like that at first! yeesh. For a second, I thought she was a serial killer from looking at her facial expression as she said that.
What's Good:. -Atmosphere. -Price. -Tri tip is excellent . -Chocolate Soufle is moist. . What's Bad:. -2 hour wait (Wednesday Night). . This place may be a personal stopping point when entering or leaving Vegas. I'm not a huge fan of buffets, but this is my favorite so far.
This buffet belongs in my Top Favorite Vegas Buffet List! . . Reasons Why:. . - Variety. - Fresh Crab Legs. - Layout of the buffet stations. . There's not much I can say because most buffets are the same, yes it's all-you-can-eat, yes there's unlimited beer and wine, yes they have amazing dessert! Just make sure to plan and wait in a very long line on the weekends because it can take up to 2-3 hours to be seated. . . PRICES AND HOURS OF OPERATION:. . . Monday - Friday. Breakfast 7am-10:30am $10.99. Lunch 10:30am-2:30pm $15.99. Dinner (M-Th) 4pm - 9pm $23.99. . Friday. Seafood Dinner 4pm - 10pm $33.99. . Saturday - Sunday. Seafood Brunch 9am - 2:30pm $33.99. Seafood Dinner 2:30pm - 10pm $33.99
If I HAD to eat one buffet every day this would be the one I would pick..The long lines are a minus,but that shows others  [mostly locals] also feel as I do.
It was a great deal for 20 something dollars and it included beer and wine. My favorite was the Chinese dishes and the Filipino dishes.
$10.99 AYCE Breakfast. $15.99 AYCE Lunch. One of the better deals in and around Vegas.  They have so much variety! Plus, you can get alcoholic drinks included with your meal! The servers are pretty friendly, too, compared to other places I go to, and the open space makes it feel so relaxing.. . The food is typical buffet food.  What makes it go above and beyond the other buffets is the price, service, and variety.  The flan was delicious.  And if there was something I'd have to choose here to eat over and over again, I'd probably go with the mussel.  Oh yes, lunch will include some breakfast items (bacon, eggs, sausages).  No omelette, though.
Now this is the best buffet in Vegas, in the Strip. The display is as flashy as all the other places in Vegas but the quality of the food made the difference. The variety was great. The prime rib was moist even if my piece wasn't one of the fresh ones and the omelette station was nice to have. They had better sushi than other buffets and it actually had fish. Their dessert station had plenty of choices even more than the selection at Wicked Spoon but most were too sweet for me. Overall, this buffet was better than the ones on the Strip and it was cheaper, around $20 per person. I understand if you don't want to drive to this place but if you are on your way back and thinking about a nice ending on your way back to LA, this isn't a bad place.
prime rib was good different food all choice for most people
Was recently taken here by my mother-in-law for lunch. Seating was immediate, although I've heard that's not typically the case. Unlimited beer & wine comes along with your buffet purchase. Pretty broad range of food. The seafood wasn't that fantastic, which was disappointing. My wife asked for a cut of pork shoulder, and it was very overcooked and dry. I, however, took a liking to the chinese food. If you're a big fan of dessert, I suggest coming to this place. Dessert isn't normally my cup of tea, but I figured I'd try some things since it was my first time dining there. The chocolate souffle is a gift from the heavens, and I don't even like chocolate. They make these neat little squares of marshmallow&chocolate that are super tasty. They have a fully stocked section of endless sugary treats and an ice cream & gelato freezer. Tried the raspberry gelato. Perfect way to end a meal :) Will definitely go back.
We've only been here once because of the previous reviews and we were not disappointed. We arrived on Sunday for the seafood buffet. The line was long but moved along pretty fast. There's a special area where you can sit next to the open window that overlooks Henderson which is beautiful.. . Fri-Sun is the seafood buffet and they had free beer, wine and champagne. To start I had the prime rib which was FANTASTIC. My slices was rare, soft, juicy and extremely flavorful which is everything you can ask for.. The chicken was juicy and not dry and they even had Paneer which is my favorite Indian dish. I cannot eat shellfish but my wife tried the crabs and I've never seen her eat so much before in my life (she's not a huge fan of shellfish) The desserts there are freshly baked and have a wide variety as well as gelato. . . The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because there were some dishes that didn't look appealing and didn't taste great. The kalbi ribs, for example, weren't make correctly and looks like they just threw some sauce on it. There was a few minor ones as well that just didn't look fresh There was something else we had that wasn't too appealing either but we definitely enjoyed it.
I haven't tried the wynn or bellagio, but this place is my favorite buffet in vegas. Everything is decent and tastes good, not like the wicked spoon inside the cosmopolitan. They used to have stone crab claws, which was my favorite. I wish they brought that back, and if they did I would give them five stars.
Free wine and beer.. Say what?! That alone already got me eggcited!!! The wines they serve are White Zinfandel, Chardonnay, and Cabernet Sauvignon. It's table wine, but it isn't bad at all. Plus, drinks in Vegas are expensive, so this place is so worth it. The beers they serve are Budweiser, blue ribbon, root beer (haha just kidding), I think they serve other types but I did not drink beer so I am not too sure. There is a bar designated to serve the drinks.. . I came here for one of their Thanksgiving holiday specials. The line was ridiculous. We waited for a good 2 1/2 hours around dinner time. We got seated in the back room, which had windows all around the room and we had a pretty view to complement our meal.. . Alright, on to the food... I tried their turkey and other food. They also have appetizers to pair with wine such as cheese. They also have oysters, which is always the bomb. I tried to save room mostly for the drinks and desserts! . . Their desserts are really delicious! I ordered their cappuccino because I love coffee!! I also tried their creme brulee, ice cream, fruit tart, tiramisu... All I can say is yum nom nom yum!. . I would give them 5 stars if we did not have to wait so long! But this place is definitely worth a try.
Like this place needs another review!!! (I THINK SO!!!!). . For $30+/per person for either BLD, I think it's worth it! Vegas is all about their buffets and extravagance - Studio B is probably the epitome of both! I heard lines can form and people wait for hours just dying to eat here on the weekends. BUT!!!!! If you just come a little bit earlier (which is why the early bird gets the worm), you'd be able to not wait as long and just chow down as you intended to.. . I came here for my grandmother's 75th birthday. My fam bam took her out to brunch. Service was awesome and the food was grastronomical! . . Food that they cater to: Mediterranean/Lebanese, Japanese, Hawaiian, Filipino, American, Southern, Mongolian, Italian, Chinese, Seafood (FRESHLY STEAMED KING CRAB LEGS & OYSTERS!!!), Mexican, Indian and the desserts!. . Memorable foods I'd love to eat HERE again:. - Hawaiian Poke . - Hawaiian Lau lau. - Caprese Salad. - Ribs. - Sweet Potatoes. - King crab legs. - Oysters. . [SODIUM WARNING] I took off one star due to the HIGH salty taste of their LOBSTER BISQUE SOUP. It sounds amazing, but just tasting the darn thing reeked sodium overload! I couldn't finish the bowl I had poured for myself and hated that such great food went to waste [**insert sad face here**]. . DESSERTS: I enjoyed all of their mini dessert shooters! Pistachio, Tiramisu, Cookies N' Creme are just to name a few...... Not to mention their gelato, yummy cakes, cookies and other decadent delightfuls! Desserts weren't over-powering sweet! Just right to end your meal extravaganza at Studio B!. . Overall thought?. I will definitely come back to Studio B when I'm back in the neighborhood! Great service, great food (minus the lobster bisque) and come hungry (and early) to get your moolah's worth!. . Next time: I'm going to tackle the "unlimited wine" I heard about!
Came here before the start of a wild weekend in vegas. 18 bucks for a lunch buffet that was pretty much a you get what you pay for deal. Everything was either mediocre or good, but not great. Ate the tri-tip the most and wanted but snow crab legs but then i remembered it was a 18 dollar buffet and they didnt have. Basically seafood was pretty shitty and by shitty i mean average.. . Also unlimited pbr and coors light if youre into that type of getting wasted. not sure who the hell would drink that as a refreshment.. . Basically if youre poor and want a buffet come here and youll be satisfied otherwise just spend the money else where.
So I asked my Facebook friends for a good buffet in Vegas -- and I got tons of response for this buffet, so my some of my friends and I decided to pay a visit.. . We arrived at 3:50PM, and dinner started at 4PM; Luckily, we were able to get away paying for the price of lunch, which was $17. Can you say "WINNER?!". . The wait wasn't too bad -- just because we came at an awkward hour; however, the wait for crab legs and oysters were a little ridiculous. The line was long, and I think it didn't really help with all the seniors there taking their time-- not to hate on our beloved senior citizens or anything. Other than that, there were a ton of great selections-- from crab legs (not king crab legs), oysters, CRAWFISH, to basic tuna/salmon sushi, etc. My favorite were the KBBQ ribs and fresh oysters. Oh, and the dessert selection wasn't too bad-- CREME BRULEE! GELATO! ... And the rest were mediocre, just because they were a tad cold.. . On top of that, UNLIMITED DRINKS! Well, sorta. One of my favorites was the M Cider-- which was like apple cider, with a bit of alcohol. Being the one shot wonder that I am, I was only able to have one drink... and I was still unable to finish it.. . Overall, M Buffet was great. One star off, just because of that line for crab legs and fresh oysters. Other than that, I wouldn't mind coming back -- it's like the PERFECT stop before Vegas, if you're coming from California!. . Turn Ons:. -A large variety of food!. -M Cider!. . Turn Offs:. -Long lines.
I have a hard time putting this LV buffet in the top of my pyramid of buffets in LV when I love the Wynn buffet so much.  But in in terms of value this is the best place for your buck.  Studio B offers complimentary beer and wine unlike the other buffets in LV, but the only drawback of this buffet is that you need a car or you need to pay a hefty taxi fee to get to The M Resort, the location of Studio B.  It's a hike from the strip, which is why I only see SoCal peeps, local peeps, and high rollers staying in the hotel or gambling in the casino.. . Studio B is phenomenal.  The quality of the food is pretty darn good for a buffet.  I like the fact they have oxtail, crawfish, and crabs (on seafood night), and other high quality dishes.  My only recommendation would be to stay clear of this buffet during the holidays.  We waited 3 hours in line to get in this past Christmas.  Unfortunately, for us, our line pass was good for January only...darn!  Other than holidays the lines aren't really that bad compared to the other buffets in The Strip.  I would rather come to Studio B than the Wynn or Bellagio buffets if I had no line pass and a mode of transportation.  The Wynn buffet is still my fave.  If the Wynn would offer me a line pass...I would choose it beyond any other in LV.
A little further down from the strip, but well worth the trip! People don't make the 20 minute long drive down to Studio B buffet for nothing, especially since it boasts an impressive seafood dinner buffet. . . The lines can get pretty long, so I suggest arriving early. And just because the first line you enter moves relatively quickly, doesn't mean that the second line you go in after you pay will be just as fast. Many a torturous minute I spent agonizing over the beholding sight of fresh seafood, crab legs and decadent desserts. . . But once you get in, prepare to race towards the seafood and pile your plate with fresh snow crab legs and sushi. And don't forget to ladle some of that hot, drawn butter for dipping. Mmm, butter. . . The rest of the food is pretty good, although I feel that they could actually have more choices of seafood besides the usual sushi, mussels and crab legs. The sushi is okay tasting but if you want sashimi, then just ask the chef for a plate of chopped sashimi. Besides seafood, you'll find the typical buffet fare such as prime rib, ham and turkey breast. . . The dessert section is awesome and offers a wide array of selections. Creme brulee, cupcakes, mereingue cookies, caramel flan, gelato and many other choices, eating dessert is equally as exciting as eating dinner. . . The seafood dinner buffet costs around $35, so be prepared to spend a little $$. Compared to the other buffets on the Las Vegas Strip, I'd say that this buffet trumps all the other top buffets.
Went here on a Friday night and it was seafood night. Hot and Cold Crab legs, fish and chips, poki, assorted sushi, mussels, oysters on the half shell, clam chowder and all of the other stuff such as prime rib, roast turkey, deserts galore, and the complimentary beer and wine! I have been here twice and was very, very satisfied. We had a nice view by the window and it was nice to not sit near the hustle and bustle closer to the food. Hey eating in a buffet, a little walk helps the digestion!! . Awesomely priced for the selection of food. Smaller portions than the usual buffet plates which means that they rotate and move the food more often, keeping it fresher. Can't wait to go back!
Everything was great except for the hour-long wait in line!!!. . Be sure to stuff yourself with crabs, unlimited wine and beer, prime rib! they have italian, american, asian, sushi bar, mongolian station, everything you can think of. the place is huge so sometimes i don't understand the line. if seafood is what you're looking for, they have oysters, clams, shrimps, mussels. . . also, after trying out all of what they have to offer, studio b has the best dessert bar ever. lots of things to choose from. their creme brulee is awesome, as well as their flan. their cakes and choco-marshmallows were incredibly good. fruits are fruits. they always remain the same. . . Remember, save room for dessert.
HUGE.  i mean HUGE buffet.   we went like at 1130am on a monday, and there was no wait.  BUT at 17 bucks a head, that's a little steep for lunch.  i heard their dinner was 35 bucks per head?!?!  no buffet is worth that.  i am a firm believer that all casino hotel guests should eat for free (if they are staying there)...i mean come on, they will still gamble all that money away!  anyway, the buffet is good, not great...but they have an excellent variety of foods.  EXCELLENT deserts...so don't fill up on the main courses.   we'll be back!
I visited Studio B during my second visit to Las Vegas. I typically HATE buffets, because random people hovering over the food I'm about to eat skeeves me.  BUT, I really enjoyed Studio B.  For $36 you get to eat pretty much any type of food you can think of, and you get unlimited wine and beer, including sparkling wine for mimosas.  . . The resort is a bit off the beaten path.  If I remember correctly, it's about 15 minutes away from the main part of the strip, but it is easily accessible by car with plenty of parking. The atmosphere is very nice for a buffet, and we were seated in a section in the far back with a beautiful view.    If you have a chance, take a walk around to the main lobby where they have floor to ceiling flowers that are beautiful and smell amazing.. . The buffet has great sneeze guards and is refreshed often, so it's not a messy pile of slop like I expected.   I was a bit disappointed by their dessert selection, but after 3 visits to the buffet I didn't have much space left anyway.   The best part? ALL YOU CAN EAT CRAB.  I don't think I need to say anything else.
All you can eat and drink?! Oh yeah!! I've been waiting to try this place for so long. The drive is 10miles from the strip but well worth it. I came here for the Saturday brunch with my boys. We ate and drank up a storm. This place is really big and well lit up. The number of foods to choose from were out of this world. I'll recommend some of my favorite things to eat.. . Salmon sushi: Some pieces were beautifully fatty. I ate loads of this and threw away the rice. . . Prime rib: When you get a fatty one thats cooked medium rare then it's awesome. So juicy and tender. . . Mimosa: endless amounts of champagne and oj. I left this place stumbling! . . Smoked Salmon bagels: Seriously the salmon here is too good! This normally would cost $10 for one. I ate so much of it. . . Those were the items I kept coming back to. They really had so much to choose from. I would definitely come back here.
I went for Sunday Seafood Brunch. It's $35, but with crabs and unlimited beer and wine I think it is worth it. . . I am biased here, but I liked the Asian style crabs here. Nice flavoring and not overpowering or salty. . . The raw oysters are pretty decent. I wouldn't go for sushi here. Instead I would go to Goyemon. ( I went to 3 buffets while in Vegas for 2 days practically..) . . Dessert selection is great. They have different flavored macaroons, tiramisu, etc. To be honest I was soo full I could barely have dessert. I did manage to stuff a creme brulee down and it was good. They have the nice sugar coating on top and its creamy. . . The unlimited beer and wine is awesome. I had a mimosa, red wine, and somecider. The cider is delicious. It's pink and I think it has a hint of raspberry in it. Reminds me of Wyder Cider, although Wyder Cider is better. But its unlimited here and I'm not going to complain.
Every time I go to Vegas, this is my go-to buffet! Can't beat the price and options for the food. AND, it's topped with a gelato station, coffee station, desert station, and free BEER AND WINE! WHAAAAT? They have the best hard cider i've ever had!!!!. . I've been here for lunch, dinner, and seafood dinner. I'd say the best value is the lunch, which still has amazing entree options, like tri-tip. Dinner comes with juicy prime rib. The seafood dinner is a hit or miss - the last time I went, the oysters were super old and the crab legs were still semi-frozen.
Mmmmm all you can eat gelato & ginger crab legs? I'm in :-).. . This place is a little out of the way but I kinda appreciated the peacefulness of it while still having that modern NYC feeling at the same time (minus the crowds of people of coarse. . . This place definitely had a lot variety ranging from Asian( Thai, Korean Chinese, & Japanese) Italian, BBQ, seafood dishes, etc. It honestly depends on the type of cuisine you like because some genres were done a lot better than the others. For example the rice on the Nigiri Sushi was hard! But my Asian mother would have told me just to say the fish n leave the rice on the plate since its more of a filler. So I advice you to eat the Nigiri as if it were sashimi lol. I think I was expecting the sushi to be above other buffets that serve sushi such as Todai unfortunately it kinda fell below..... . My favorite entree was the ginger crab! It was sooo juicy, moist, & flavorful to the point where my mouth is watering just writing about it. My only concern was this beautiful buffet didn't have the shell crackers for me to crack open a crab leg....this was a first...so I had to manhandle my crab by cracking it open with my bare hands (remember these crabs are slathered in a ginger sauce so u can only imagine how lovely and greasy my hands were looking...barbarian status).  So please bring in your own...had I had some I would have eaten 2x the amount! . . The all you can drink wine was an added bonus :-).. . Please be sure to sit around or save room for the gelato bar...that shit gets pricey on the strip so I definitely made sure to get my fair share. . . All in all I enjoyed this buffet and would definitely come back!
Studio B Buffet has to be one of my favorite buffets in Vegas! I went here on Saturday for lunch with my family that was visiting me from California. I paid about $180 for their seafood lunch for 4 people. If you are going with a group be ready to shell out quite a bit of money..but when is that ever new in Vegas? I was not upset with the price because I knew the buffet would be worth it.. . Upon entering you will see a vast array of food spread out before you. A word of buffet  wisdom: scan around and then take a little bit of what looks appealing, and figure out your favorites. Believe me. You will want to keep eating everything there.  Everything that they have available from the crab legs to the fruit is fresh and flavorful. One of my favorite things that I tried was the prime rib. The prime rib is usually generously served and very juicy. Definitely something you want to try if you're a meat lover. Another great option that they have there is their kalbi ribs. The kalbi ribs are cooked perfectly and are very huge. I don't think I have ever seen kalbi ribs so big! . . If you aren't a fan of beef, they have various pasta choices that you can try that are very delicious. If they have mushroom ravioli available, I definitely recommend you try it. The cream sauce and ravioli filling will make you go "Mmmmm" from the first bite! Their crab legs are always being refilled because everyone loves them so much! They are all pretty big and have a good amount of crab meat in them. In addition, they have various fruits to choose from that look and taste juicy and sweet. . . Studio B Buffet is definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas that is actually worth the price. If you are looking for a great buffet away from the strip, this is your place! I promise, it won't disappoint you. . . **Be sure if you do plan on coming here during a weekend that you get there early. The buffet gets pretty packed and the line is usually really long, so plan your dinner or lunch accordingly**
Great buffet, minus one star for the LONG wait.  Once we made it inside there were many open seats, lame.  We went on Saturday which was lobster and champagne night and got our fill of crab, lobster and prime rib.  Really great waitress, nice and quick to bring us drinks.  Really liked the unlimited beer and wine option, they even had root beer on tap.  There is a huge selection of food for sure so go hungry and take your time.  The gelato selection is huge and the price even includes made to order espressos to accompany the great desserts.  I would go again but on a slow night.
I love this buffet, they have a lot of variety and the food is all really high quality. They also have beer, wine or cider included in your meal if you are into that. The only thing is that there is always a huge line with a long wait so make sure you get there early.
In April every Saturday is Champion & Lobster. Starts from 2:30pm-9pm. . April 8, 2012  Seafood Brunch Buffet  9:00am  -  2:30pm     $39.99. Children 5 years - 8 years     $36.99. Champagne & Lobster Feast  2:30pm  -  9:00pm     $49.99. Children 5 years - 8 years     $36.99
This place is mighty damn good, minus the long wait but I guess it's worth it. I'm not sure though, I feel like they can and should find a way to make things more organized for the incoming guests and not having to wait that long. The Seafood Dinner on Sunday began at 2:30pm, we lined up at 2:15pm and didn't get seated til 3:15pm. Yes... an hour wait! I felt like I was waiting for an iPad release, but hungry! I loved their snowcrab legs, swai fish, glass thai noodles among other things. Next time I come here, I'll make sure I line up at 1:30pm, at least that should have a better leeway in case it becomes another hr wait. If you're lucky and get seated at the back, I love the view of Henderson, it beats other Casino buffet views such as Cache Creek here in NorCal.
By far one of the better buffets in Vegas. If only it wasn't so far from the strip T_T. . The food selection was amazing and alcohol (i.e. light beer, cider, wine, champagne, etc.) is included in the meal price. At $33.99 for lunch it was the typical buffet price, I wish I could have stayed long enough to see how dinner was.. . The wait staff is courteous and attentive. Bringing condiments and crab leg openers to the table as we got seated. . . Definitely going to try to make it out here on my next Vegas trip.. . Potential Pro Tip: If you're in a larger group and staying on the strip without transportation, forget taxis and opt for a limo since they'll charge for 1hr and it'll get you to the buffet for a flat rate :) Totally trying this next time haha
I went back for 8 plates of food. Ok 8 plates. You hear me? I was impressed with the large selection. We went at lunch or shortly thereafter around 1pm - 2pm. The food was good. The quality of the food was fresh and warm. I went back many times for the mussels. The Galby ribs and gigantic Beef rib was awesome. Chips and guacamole was great. I stayed away from the roast beef. It didn't look that good  to me. The dessert station was incredible. I had the bananas foster and chocolate crepes a few times. I would love to go back!
Probably one of the better buffets in vegas. I like the fact that they make made-to-order lattes and cappucinos...ask them to add baileys for a lil' kick! . I love their desserts! But then again, I'm a sweets person, so I might be a lil' biased! There creme brulee is so good and you must try their ice cream. . I've been there for their seafood buffet before and I like the fact that it was fresh and the waiters were so helpful in bringing us wet-naps and stuff.
I would definitely give this place a 4.5 stars.. . I went on 4/21/2012.. . Very large selection of food.  Food was ok to good.  But the highlight would definitely be the lobster.  I had 4 half lobsters, 1 full plate of cocktail shrimp, 2 full plates of assorted crab (chinese ginger crab good).  1 plate of other items and 1 plate of desserts.  The quality is good buffet food or ok service food.. . Great deal at $39.99 plus tax.
Overall the food was good! Love love love CRAB legs! All you can drink beer and wine is also a plus. The only downside is having to wait an hour to get seated!
This is must stop buffet place when I come to Vegas.  . . There is several varieties of food to pick from.  Sometime on the food it is hit or miss, depending on if you get it fresh or if it has been sitting out for a while.  Try to get in line early for the crab legs and seafood, because the line gets long.  The price here is pretty good ($15.99 lunch), we came during lunch time and stay until dinner but paid the lunch price.  I only suggest this if you don't have plans or if you have time to kill.  Plus, there is unlimited wine, beer, and champagne, for those who are of age.  I love the dessert selections and enjoy the gelato here.. . If you don't mind driving away from the strip for a couple hours this is a good buffet to go to.
Great buffet. Comes with beer and wine. Don't forget to tip the bar tender. Prices are high for no crab legs on a regular night vs. other high end buffets, Lots of basic food which I like. Selection is huge. Not much gourmet selection which is okay with me. Great mac and cheese though. The layout stands out. Worth the drive.
Compared to the Wynn or more expensive on-the-strip buffets, the Seafood buffet is just alright. Studio B has a wide variety of cuisines from Mexican/Spanish, Asian (Japanese/Chinese), American, Italian, Greek, etc.etc. but WARNING: not everything is tasty!. . But, their Asian food is surprisingly on point but I also am guilty of liking Americanized Asian food sometimes. Green curry and chow mein, but not together.  Other items I like: baked mussels, sashimi salad, eggrolls (hah), Kahlua pork, TATER TOTS [because you can't go wrong with deep fried & their greek salad. Their dessert is just alright but their mango sorbet tastes EXACTLY like Haagen Daaz's!  . . Unlimited alcohol (only certain types of course)  which could definitely be a plus to some people. I usually skip the alchy 'cause I want to fit more food in my stomach..  . The overall service here is better than Wynn's. Once you sit down, your drink orders are taken and the servers are actually easily flagged down. . . Still worth a try when you're on your way out from Vegas (about 10 miles out)!
I finally got to try the infamous Studio B Buffet this weekend! :). . First of all, Studio B is rather cheap compared to all the other buffets that are on the strip. Seafood brunch during the weekend was only $33.99! Unlike many other buffet, Studio B also provides OYSTERS. And not to mention, unlimited wine and mimosa! No wonder everyone raves that it's the best buffet in Vegas. But beware, Studio B line can get super long so try to go early! My friends and I went around 10 or 1030am on Saturday morning and we got seated right away even though we had a group of 7.. . However, the oysters looked really grey/black and didn't taste fresh at all. I still ate at least 15 just for the hell of it but couldn't get myself to get a second plate full of oysters, which was a bummer. :T. . But crab legs on the other hand was BOMBdotcom. Crabs legs were moist and meaty. The legs might not be the thickest crab legs but it definitely was one of the fresher crab legs I've ate in Vegas buffet!. . I didn't try much brunch food because I was all about Seafood but I ate some of their pasta and it tasted delicious. It didn't taste like it was some filler meal that the chefs tried to prepare real quick. All my friends also said their food was great and it was worth their money.. . And last but not least, their dessert bar! I was already so full so I couldn't try anything but their gelato but their gelato was SO GOOD! I somehow managed to eat at least two cups of it :). . PS. Studio B also gets brownie points because their servers are nice. This Asian lady in front of me wanted single scoop of each gelato even though the buffet only served th gelato in cup or cone. Then the server told the Asian lady to go get a large plate and he scooped her each flavor of gelato for her and put it all in a plate! (That was like total of 12 scoops) What a nice man. :D
I've been eating at this buffet since it opened...and...well...I liked it better when it was half of its current price.  That being said, it is on par with the best buffets in town (Wynn, Bellagio, TI, Cosmo) and if you're into the included wine/beer it is still a good value.  I still go here about every other month or so, but I am getting a little bored with their non-changing selections.
Good buffets aren't cheap.... Cheap buffets aren't good. $110 for three for Sunday brunch but worth it. The M definitely makes it worth your while to drive out there by many styles of cuisine including Italian, Mexican, Asian, Greek, and classic American. . . Going for brunch I was a little disappointed in their breakfast offerings but there was so much else to try that I got over it. Unbeknownst to me, there is free beer and wine--if I return will make a point to fill my glass! . . For the price it was worth it but like I and other reviewers have said, it is a haul. Next time I will go more hungry and later in the day to make the absolute most of it.
The bf and I had no plans one Sunday we were returning home from Vegas. I have a group of friends who stop by Studio B each time they leave Vegas without fail, and I decided it was time to make a stop at the M Resort.. . For a hotel so far away from the Strip, this is a very popular buffet. We waited 45 minutes for the Weekend Seafood Brunch. But then again, that is standard wait time for the better buffets on the Strip. . . Once we got into the buffet, we understood why people, namely Asians, went out of their way to wait in a long line to fork out $34/tummy. The food selection is GINORMOUS, the seafood is fresh (with 2 king crab stations - one on each side of the cutting stations, mussels (or oyster?) bar, a heaping pile of gutted cocktail shrimp), and probably the main reason why young adults visit this buffet: the complimentary ALL YOU CAN DRINK bar. Bring a few $1s to tip the bartender. . . Sadly, we didn't hit the bar too often, partially because there was always a long line. But we didn't mind, we were too preoccupied with all the food. Unlike most buffets, the food displays actually look appetizing. I was also busy watching the fruits dancing on the 50 projectors every 3 minutes :). . After a good 2 hours here, Studio B Buffet won us over. However, unlike my friends, I cannot see us eating here every time we're in Vegas. A few times a year should be enough to keep my cravings at bay... hopefully... and we'll be sure to visit the bar more often!
Rather short line but long wait, busy place.. . I just search for buffet restaurants inn Las Vegas and Studio B did not show up.  So I did the search for Henderson, NV (the actual location) and it still didn't display.  Whatever.. . We got there at 6pm on the Tuesday after the Memorial Day holiday.  The non-priority queue was just two segments of the maze but it took 45 minutes until we were seated.  I'm not an experienced L.V. buffet goer, but this seemed nearly intolerably slow.  It would have probably been less than 10 minutes in the priority line.. . Their system for seating people seemed very primitive/inefficient.  There were a few vacant tables and a computerized table tracking/management system would have helped make the line move more quickly.  Such a system must exist.  It should be less complex than the systems used by waiters submit orders andproduce checks in restaurants with menus.  We were passing through and fortunately had six hours before our flight out.. . The food mostly seemed to be of good quality and fresh.  If you think something isn't so great, there is so much else to choose from.  I especially liked the ox tail soup.  It is a bit of work.  The meat is still attached to the bone.  I suggest putting the meat on a plate to remove the morsels of meat from the bone and then putting the meat back into the delicious broth.. . I almost never give much credence to dessert offerings.  But, I make a big exception here.  I was planning on my normal fresh fruit for a light dessert.  Then I walked by the very long dessert buffet.  It wasn't just the huge selection, but that most were served in quite small portions.  You could sample a half dozen different things without feeling like a glutton and over stuffing your stomach.  Still you need a modicum of restraint not to over indulge.  I like variety with quality in a buffet and don't go for quantity as many do.. . The free beer, wine, and hard cider make this probably the best value in town.  The wholesale price of wine and beer doesn't mean that it costs them a lot but it is quite a savings over normal highly inflated by the glass or bottle in a restaurant price.  The retail price of the wine they serve usually sells for about $12 for a 1.5 liter bottle.  The red wine was quite drinkable.  I didn't try the white wine because it is chardonnay and I don't like the excessive woodyness of most domestic chardonnays.  . . The location was fine for us since we were just passing through and I didn't want to have to deal with a possible traffic jam around the Strip.. . Overall though, my memory from six years ago at Le Village Buffet in Paris, Las Vegas is more favorable.  Not considering the difference in food, I don't remember the noise level at Le Village to be as high as that at Studio B.  Some may like the "high energy" of Studio B but it almost seemed like a relief when we left the restaurant and walked onto the casino floor!  Probably would chance Le Village when years later I'm in or passing through Vegas.  I just find the incessant audio and visual assault on my senses to be very unpleasant.
One of the best buffets in Vegas for sure. They have a large variety to choose from like salads, bbq, Asian,soups, but extremely encourage  seafood night. They even unlimited wine and beer. . . The sushi wasn't the best quality  but it was better than most buffets. The best part is the crab legs. They have both hot or cold and just recently cut the legs so you don't have to use the silly tools.. .  The desserts are a pretty  scrumptious. I like to get the pistachio gelato and the Taramisu.. Not sure if I spelt that right lol. . . The cost is pricey for seafood and the lines might be long, but worth every penny. The quality over the food is 4.5 out of 5 because of the sushi :(.
Gotta say, they redeemed themselves for me! A friend of mine treated me to the seafood day and everything was spot on. Food tasted fresh, quick service, and absolutely best of all, there was NO line. We were literally the first people in line and just went right in. The people inside eating were the slowpokes left from breakfast so we actually timed our lunch perfectly. The crab legs were absolutely amazing. The other variety of seafood is top notch. It almost makes you feel guilty to have anything else on your plate.. . I would definitely go here again!
If you have a car, and you're willing to drive off the strip, Studio B Buffet inside the M Resort is a true hidden gem. Just a heads up, a taxi ride from the strip will cost $40 each way, and weekend lunch prices are $33 a person. . . I've been here twice, and the first time,our taxi driver told us this buffet is catered towards the locals because it's near a big new housing community. The locals know good food! Food selection is decent. On the weekend, there's oysters (eh, nevada oysters..), fresh shrimp cocktails, a variety of hot foods, salads, fruits, and well made desserts (my favorite, is their creme brulee..you can never go wrong! and they have a gelato bar). . On top of a pretty well priced buffet, ALCOHOL is included!!! wine, beer, cider, and mimosas galore! This alone, is $13 extra at Spice Market inside Planet Hollywood, so it's a great deal if you have a car. I would definitely recommend this to anyone in vegas looking for a good buffet, with a car. The foods not MIND blowing, but it's good. It'll definitely satisfy your need for variety and booze. Cheers!
Thee buffet includes wine, beer, mimosa, cidars! Yay!!!. coffee, expresso, lattes.... I wish they serve king crab not snow crab, had the AYCE lobster but still wish they have king crab... Attentive wait staff.. Really good prime rib!. good dessert selection, and good serving size, not too big.
Went for lunch.  Studio B should be on everyone's list who is looking for a buffet.  Great quantity as well as quality.  The dessert selection is beyond any reasonable expectations!  Our server was on top of things and made sure our every need was met quickly.  The only reason I couldn't give it a "5" is because certain food choices weren't up to par with others.  The price is very tolerable for a buffet of this magnitude.
Was taken to this buffet off strip. Was not really sure what to expect since I usually stay and eat on the strip.  But I was pleasantly surprised this buffet is now one of my favorite buffet in las Vegas!   A huge variety with good quality.  If I feel like going to a buffet next time when I am in Vegas, I would want to come back here.
It's been 3 days since I ate here and I'm still recovering from food coma.... :). . Most of the food was delicious... i was able to sample pretty much every single food item because I shared a plate with my BF. I took one bite and gave the rest to my garbage disposal (thanks for keeping me skinny babe!) I'm only gonna write about the ones I enjoyed though, otherwise you'll be reading aaaalll day. . Prime rib - Cooked perfectly - super juicy, pink in the middle... no need for sauces or creams, this is awesome as is - droooool.... . Pork loin - this was OK, not as juicy as others I've had but it had good flavor. This definitely needed the gravy. With the gravy it was delicious.. . Mexican bean and corn salad - really fresh tasting, perfectly seasoned and the jalapenos added the perfect amount of heat.. . Creme brulee - Sweet Jesus this was awesome! Really creamy, the crystallized sugar on the top was perfectly caramelized ... Definitely went back for seconds!. . They also have different flavors of gelato, steak, sushi, calamari, chinese food and everything else your heart desires. Quick note on the crab legs - they were tasty but good luck trying to get them, lots of people hoard them, taking SEVERAL PLATES of them at a time. . . Overall, it was definitely worth the $50 I paid - we were charged gratuity for our large party.
only had time to get the regular weekday lunch buffet.  the wait was long.  the food was decent but for $16, would have liked a better suish/roll selection and better creamed spinach.  the pork ribs were very good.  the service was very good too.
Been to this buffet numerous times and I think it's the best in Vegas.  Last time I went (7/6/12), I was slightly disappointed with the rest of the seafood choices other than the crab legs.  Not much variety, but still damn good.  I'm going to skip to the desserts because they and they alone should be enough for one to come to this buffet.  Don't eat so much savory that you won't have room for the sweet.  Trust me on this.  Creme brulee...off the chain.  Chocolate souffle...make you wanna cry.  Cream puffs...I can probably eat 47 of them...after eating 53 crab legs...and still want to play craps afterwards...with a big ass smile.  See you again, Studio B.  I'm a fan and always will be.
I give it a 5 star for variety, desserts, and free wine/beer. However, they're still a buffet and some meats are tough and some items are under par. My tri-tip was like leather. But the Swaii was really good when it just comes out. The oxtail soup was very unique, since I've never had it in a buffet, only at home. As with any buffet, after sitting under the heat lamps, it doesn't taste so good. Get the food right when it comes out. . . The desserts are hands down the best I've had at a buffet. It was delicious!  Better than the Rio World Buffet. . . I think the dinner is a little pricey, but come at 3:45 and get the lunch price but enjoy the dinner items. But be aware that if it gets busy and you haven't paid by 4pm, you're going to be dinged for the dinner price. The computers automatically switches at 4pm. No and Ifs or buts. A few people complained behind me, but it didn't matter. The manager couldn't do anything about it. . . Beer and wine are free, but think about it, free means cheap. Pabst and no name wines. Good to get drunk, but that's it.
Good buffet with lots of selection, but definitely not worth the $40 for seafood brunch/dinner.. . Not much more than your standard crab legs, shrimp cocktail, etc. They did have oysters, which I did not try. Save your money and go during the weekdays at their lower prices that aren't designated "seafood" days
Went to Lunch, which is $15.99, and that's pretty cheap compared to all the other buffets. Wait was probably about 30mins to an Hour, just to pay and probably about another 15mins to get seated. . . It's really big, the selections of food are great. Kalbi ribs were my favorite, I got fresh ones and they were very good. . . I think the only downside is the selection of wine and beer they had. I was pretty excited about the free wine and beer but they were pretty nasty and I ended up drinking water. . . Overall great buffet, will go back and try dinner!
We love the Studio B Buffet at the M.  It is probably hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas.. . Pros: The M sends out coupons for the line passes which helps because there is always a line.  The food tastes great, the service has always been good.  They have free wine and beer plus the dessert station is amazing.  Gelato and espressos, lattes, and anything else you can think on.. . Cons: There is always a long line so be prepared to wait and it is pretty expensive as far a buffets in Vegas go but worth the money.
We went on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch. Boo...no crab legs! But beer and wine included in the price of lunch ($17 I think) slowly made up for it.. . Great selection! Thai, Filipino, Chineese, Italian, Southern, and gelatos for dessert ( no soft serve machine here). For a buffet, the quality was good. Don't know if I would drive out just for this buffet but I may stop on the way in to Vegas or my way out.
Every time we come here the food is great! Fresh, flavorful, and a good variety! One of the best buffets in Vegas in my opinion!
Came here for brunch on a Thursday. It wasn't crowded and was only $15 a head. The food wasn't too salty. The creme brulee had a real brulee crust versus other  buffets that seem to just sear the top of a custard. . . I'm not one for buffets and really don't expect too much from them, but I would find this place better than all the mediocre buffets on the strip and only second to Wynn and wicked spoon
I've been to many buffets in Vegas and this has the best variety.  Wine and beer is also included in the price.  . . Best: Thai yellow curry with chicken, Ahi Poke, baked ziti, veggie tamales, chicken enchiladas, tator tots...
A friend is always posting pictures and status updates about how he is enjoying the seafood here at the M resort. So I was dying to try it when I came to visit. Although it's about 20 minutes south of the strip, it's well worth the trip if you love seafood. I believe they only offer the seafood dinner on the weekends. And the wait is kinda insane - it wasn't moving a lot even though we could see plenty of empty tables. I think we waited an hour even though we got there kinda early at 5. And wow, at $40, you better come here if you can eat and love seafood and can get your money's worth. Finally we walked in and was seated really close to the desserts. Our waitress was pretty attentive - getting us drinks/refills and taking away our empty plates. You can get your free alcohol in the corner at a makeshift bar. They do check your ID so don't forget your wallet at the table. I'm not a big wine or beer fan but luckily they had hard cider which I found tasty and refreshing. Must haves are the crab legs, shrimp and oysters. I also enjoyed their soups - lobster bisque and clam chowder. While their beef/tri tip/prime rib is delicious, nothing else really stood out to me. Gotto stick to the seafood anyways to get the most bang for your buck. Desserts were pretty awesome too. I had the creme brulee and molten chocolate cake and a cupcake and of course, ice cream. Mmm. Definitely worth a try.
This place is crazy.  It looks like a cross between an airport terminal, mall and restaurant.   The place is ginormous.  For buffet food, this was really good.  The only thing I was shocked at is that for a place so large, there was still a line.   It is also a bit off the beaten path, so you have to decide whether it is worth a special trip if staying near the strip.
the AYCD beer and wine is definitely amazing here! i got totally wasted here, celebrated my dads birthday, great service except for kicking us out for drinking too much. honestly if you are offering this service, you obviously have to expectdrunken shenanigans! overall Thank you Sandra (our waitress) for the epic dessert birthday platter!
"Seafood" buffet? I have been to brunch here and very satisfied with the selection of food. But to call it a seafood buffet on Sunday nights and charge $40 is VERY misleading! Tonight we arrived at around 4:15. NO WAIT! I took a walk around to check out the seafood...split crab legs, warm and chilled; mussels; chilled shrimp; oysters; crawfish. The crab legs were small so when split, they seemed less meaty. Disappointed with the crab legs but enjoyed everything else. Started with a Greek salad, dolmas, baba ganoush which were all very tasty. Also had char siu pork, pork bbq rib, black pepper chicken, Mac n cheese which was probably the most bland, but went great with the pork. Sauce was creamy and cheesy, but almost flavorless. I must admit I got more with a grilled lamb chop -it just went well with the grilled meats. Second trip I got the crab legs - I should have waited for some fresh ones, fried shrimp, with warm cocktail sauce (+) , which were nice and crisp and quite flavorful. I saw fresh crab legs coming out so decided to get some. It amazes me how people get pushy when it comes to crab legs! I also tried some mussels which were a little chewy, probably best served in a bowl cuz I like to slurp the broth out of the shell with the meat. The prime rib looked good, as did the fried chicken (nice large pieces which were breaded nicely and looked crispy. I was going to have some with Mac n cheese. Next time...). The beet salad was delicious and I also had a wedge to which I added cucumber tomato salad and some olives and bleu cheese. 3 bean salad was just ok (green, kidney, and Lima beans). Didn't have enough room to try more Asian cuisine. The General Tso chicken looked awesome! Oh forgot to mention the Kaluha pork just melted in my mouth...very tender with tasty cabbage throughout. Would have liked to try some lobster bisque, mashed sweet potatoes, stuffing, roasted chicken. Such a great selection of food. One of the best!
This place is over-hyped.. . I love Vegas buffet as much as the next person, so when I heard everyone singing praises about this place, I couldn't wait to go.. . Came in on a Sunday at around 10:15 AM, no line, woo-hoo!  We were seated immediately.  We picked up some self-serve mimosas and went to work on the buffet line.  Given it was brunch, I got a breakfast-y plate to start.  The French toast and blueberry pancakes were not bad.. . Moving on to plate #2, the sushi there = no good.  There was no sashimi, so I just got the whole sushi piece of raw salmon and another white fish.  I picked the meat off of them and couldn't even finish that -- it was dry and no better quality than I'd get at my local Asian buffet, ick.  The pizza was thin-crust and nothing special, either.  They did have this spicy pineapple jicama salad that was pretty good, though.. . Moving on to the dessert -- I was expected to be wow-ed here, and at first I was.  The selection looked nice, but the only thing I really enjoyed from my nibblings was the oatmeal cookie and dulce de leche dessert shot.  Most of the dessert shots were not cold enough, and the cupcakes there tasted like supermarket quality.  The fruit tarts used the same crust as some of their other desserts -- it was plain, floppy, and worse than those I'd get at the supermarket.  The pies were pale, and the gelato was pretty much like regular ice cream to me.  I did really appreciate the gelato service, though.  I guess it's a good thing that I didn't *love* the dessert area, though, as typically this is where I tend to overdo it.. . I keep hearing this is the best buffet in Vegas, and even in my limited visits, I already have seen that it's not.  However, I'd come back again for the general cleanliness of the M Resort and therestaurant itself (okay, maybe the drinks, too).
The food is very good quality for a buffet.   However, the price has been increased and the crab legs are now cut in half.   So, if I had rated them months back, I would have given 5 stars.  Now, the price is higher and the crab quality is lower.   When they cut the crab in half (which I'm sure is being down to reduce waste), it drys it out.  Not as good as it used to be.   4 stars for now.   I'm sure it will be lower in the future.
Good food, awesome desserts!  But I prefer the buffet at Rio. I went on a Thursday night so maybe weekends are better.  We enjoyed the drive out there something different for a change.
I've been here twicenow, and today, my second time, I was able to make it out for seafood night.  By far, this is the best quality buffet I've experienced in Las Vegas.  I've been to the Wynn, Bellagio, and a handful of others...and with those, I felt that I was getting solid food, but mass produced.  Here, the entire experience was just excellent.  I just wish I had a second stomach to do the buffet here justice...
There are three things that you have to do when you go to Vegas: Drink, Gamble, and eat at a Buffet. If you don't do 2 out of 3 of those things in Vegas then why even go to Vegas?. . Studio B Buffet Selection: Crab Legs, Shrimp, Mac and Cheese, Pancit, Oysters, Baked Oysters, Kalbi, Mashed Potatoes, Clam Chowder and.... That is all I got. Everything I listed I enjoyed.. . Dessert: Oreo Cookie Ice Cream, Creme Brulee, and Chocolate Chip cookie. Also really good. . Drink: All you can drink Beer and wine. But don't overdo it here. Cause you want to save your stomach space for the real food, not the beverages.. . Service: Really Good. Benjie really took care of us. Thanks for telling us about DJ and Jollibee in Vegas Benjie!. . Price: $40 for dinner. and 20 something dollars for lunch. But I think the dinner was worth the price.. . It just sucks that this hotel is far off the strip. But well worth the trip.. . Will I be back? Suure! I was killing it at the roulette table at this casino. :P. . Eating at a buffet = Vegas trip complete. Mission Accomplished!
Great people, very friendly food above the buffet norm. Wine and beer added bonus but dessert was awesome! Next time just wine and gelato!
The one other buffet besides the Wynn that I actually didn't feel completely repulsed afterwards. Being somewhat a germ freak, I'm not the biggest fan of buffets. After my boyfriend and I spent a few bucks at the casino and earned 700 points, we received buy one get one for the buffet. We went on a Sunday night and It happened to be the seafood buffet which included unlimited beer and wine. After waiting in line for nearly 30 minutes we finally got seated. Very disappointed in the sushi but everything else tasted pretty damn good. Its kinda ridiculous how busy is it. What a great place to people watch, haha. Even though I didn't have any room for dessert, I forced myself to try some and It was decent. Thank you to another Vegas buffet that I will be working off for the next 2 weeks, YAY!
Granted buffets are not the gourmet experience, and quality and freshness range from frozen TV dinner to a good cafeteria / wedding buffet food.  It is with this gauge / rate buffet offerings. . Studio buffet is new and is excellent in comparison to all those buffets who have gone down hill from year past.. . What I love about this (sushi exception) is all their food has good quality.  Shrimp are not shriveled up and flavorful, salmon was cooked with flavor and supple qualities.. Paellae is not saffron based and on par with fast food paellae found in cheap Spain sidewalk restaurants.. . Everything here is good EXCEPT for sushi.... which is hard as a rock, and equivalent to Costco sushi (or worse).. Tempura sushi roll should have a crunch in a soft rice wrapped roll.  Nope, its hard as a rock and clearly made in bulk days ago.. . Best thing here indeed is the FREE beer on tap, root beer on tap, cappucino (liquored enhanced) or wine for lunch.. That coupled with good gelato (equivalent to low end Italian gelator I've had) for free.made this place stand out from the rest
We decided to take our friends out for lunch before our flight.  We asked where they wanted to go and they suggested the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort, Spa and Casino in Henderson.  It is about 10-15 min south on the Strip from Mandalay Bay and Airport, which was perfect for us since we had to catch our flight after lunch.. . The lunch on M-F is $15.99 and dinner on M-Th is $23.99.  Friday seafood dinner and the weekend seafood brunch and dinner is $39.99.  With this price, included are several beers on tap, root beer on tap and a selection of wine.  Also, the price charged INCLUDED tax as well. . . We were promptly seated and the waiter came by and took our drink orders.  . They have an extensive selection of salads.  All the ones that I tried were fresh and delicious.. . The carving station had tri-tip, turkey, ham and rotisserie chicken.  Tried the beef and ham and both were moist and very good. The crawfish, paella, and the steamed clams and mussels were good.  The BBQ ribs were tender.  From the Asian station, tried the kalbi ribs and oxtail soup were both delicious. The limited sushi selection was the only let-down.  The rice was on the hard side, which meant they have been sitting there for awhile.  . . On to desserts.  They had an extensive selection of various cakes, cookies, flans, pies, cheesecakes, desserts in cups, custard balls, cannolis, macaroons and a very nice selection of sorbets/gelatos.  Also, they have a coffee bar and you can get a cappuccino, latte, and mochas. . . Overall, this is a very good to excellent buffet.  For $15.99 for lunch with includes beer and wine and tax, it is a great value.  Since it is off the Strip, it was not crowed.  But I think once the word gets out, the crowds will be coming.  I would rate this buffet 4.5 stars.. . Wish we had more time to enjoy more of the buffet.  But we will for sure make the Studio B Buffet a stop on our next visit to Vegas.
After reading a number of reviews and seeing the billboards rating the M buffet as number 1 in Vegas I thought I would give it a try.  First time visiting this resort.  It is spectacular from what we could see....did not stay here.  The buffet had a short line that they could find a better way to mange the people.  You will wait in one line to pay then enter another line to get seated....you will wait as every "VIP and Comp" gets rushed past you.  The seating process is to have 4 tables taken in at a time by one host....I felt like I should grab the knot on the rope like I was in preschool.  Once seated we explored the expansive buffet.  The choices are great and you need to take a pass without a plate just so you can see what you want...you will never be able to try everything.  The korean ribs and general tao chicken were stand outs for me.  Then is was desert....great selection with an ice cream bar that is unreal...great flavours like peanut butter, chocolate chip, cookie dough and so on....some 12 plus flavours.  It is true that beer and wine are included in the price but don't have high expectations here....I took two glasses of the Merlot and could not choke one down......it burns worse than bar tequila at a Cancun all inclusive. Overall this is a great buffet and worth the trip away from the strip.
I have not eaten at Studio B seance the opening. What was great then, still is great. Thanks to The M for keeping the standers.
Better than average. A few dishes that were done really well, like the Panang beef curry and the pancit chicken. Several dishes that looked like they'd been sitting out for a while, but that might be signs of a slow moment; it was fairly quiet when we arrived and pretty busy by the time we left. . . Although I wasn't exactly thrilled with the food, it was a nice variety of choices. Factor in the relative ease of getting there (as opposed to buffets on the strip), the clean environment, attentive service and the booze station,  I'll go there again in the future.
Pros: . No line on a Sunday evening really. . Raw oysters! Though keeping them cold on your plate is impossible. . Warm crab legs (cold ones were okay). Lomi lomi and poke. Prime rib. Vanilla cappucinos (amaretto was nasty!). Creme Brulee. Wine and beer - unlimited. Server was really nice. . Cons: . Barely any nigiri or sushi . Some oysters did not look that great. Customers are a lot more rude than other buffets, they just stand by the seafood and grab it all as it goes out or take hella long to pick their oysters while a line forms.. Other desserts were not that great. . A pretty good buffet, but I rather do the Buffet of Buffets b/c you get more selection at some buffets and you pay almost the same price ($44) for 24 hours worth!
Pros:. Price (less an 35 for two adults before tip). Good selection (lot of Asian cuisine such as green curry, panang beef, black pepper chicken, Singapore noodles, etc). No smoke smell (even the casino at the M doesn't reek of cigarettes too badly). Decent dessert selection.. . Cons:. None of the food wowed us, but it was very good.
Hooooly moly. This is as good as it gets...worth every penny! Everything is AMAZING!! I came in for lunch and tackled as much as I could...some notables was the delicious prime rib, plentiful smoked salmon, and CRAB LEGS!! Things I don't quite like were the NY steak (dry), other meats that looked dry, below par sushi (thin sashimi, thick cubes of rice), and most of the ice creams were not that great to me. . . For such a large buffet at a great price, you really should expect SOME things to be hit or miss though, and the fact that they add in or switch some items on the buffet as you are eating really adds to the "OH I GOTTA TRY THAT!" fun factor. I will be back...once I finish digesting...if ever...
The signs leading into Vegas advertising the best Buffet at the M are no joke.  This place is good.. . Went for late breakfast which was a good thing since the dessert and coffee bar didn't open until 10:30.  . . The regular coffee kinda sucked but their lattes and expressos are made on the spot.  The caffeine rush was mellowed out from the food coma.. . Omelette guy did a great job with my veggie concoction.  . . Sausages, bacon, hash browns were all good.  Wasn't in the mood, so I stayed away from the fancy stuff this time.. . Oatmeal was good too.  Cook was stirring it up as I was approaching that area, so I had to get a big bowl.. . lox - you snooze you lose.  The Chinese customers were piling this on their plates like mad, so you better strike first and hard!. . pancakes - meh.  been sitting out too long under the heat lamps and developed a hard crust.. . macadamia french toast with blueberry topping - this is the preferred way to go.  . . There was no urgency to get my money's worth (11 bucks), so just enjoy what you like.  . . Server was a great guy who kept our glasses full and tables clean.
Quality over quantity...always, but you could usually throw that argument out when it comes to buffets, so when I come across a Studio B, it threw me off. Not only is the quality of their selections great, they have some great gelato that made me go back for more, you can also buy them by the pint to take home with you. Here is the major kicker, they serve alcohol, at no extra charge unless you wish to be kind and tip the guy. Also I was told that lunch is rather cheaper than dinner, about $30 or so, but when we came, it was seafood brunch.....so it was about $44 per person, which made me think, there better be a lot of seafood selections.....but to my dismay, it was the typical seafood you can get all the time; crab legs, oysters, etc.....I didn't see anything different.
Favorite things: sashimi salad, yams with marshmallows, dessert selection.. . Free wine and beer.. . Good off the strip buffet choice.
For a buffet, this place is definately a top spot! Espescially in Vegas. Yes it is off the strip, about 10 miles down from it....but it is about the same price as the "top" Vegas Buffet...BUT the quality and choices are WAYYY better! They have over 200+ choices, and on weekends they have a Seafood Buffet! . There were so many choices to choose from! From Sushi, prime rib, soups, salads, cheese plates, pizza + pasta, steamed fishes, chicken, etc. Anything you can name, they probably have it, or something similiar to it. . . I went on Christmas, and since it was holidy, they had a seafood buffet. Crabs, oysters, mussels, clams, shrimp cocktails, etc. I also loved that they had a cheese plate. Everything tasted pretty good, for it being a buffet. The seafood was about as fresh as other seafood buffets on the Vegas Strip that I've been to. . . Another BIG difference than the Strip buffets...is that they have unlimited drinks and specialty coffee. Yes, you can order champagne, beer, alcohol, lattes, espressos, etc. And it is also INCLUDED in the price of the buffet. They dont charge extra like other buffets off the strip do. . . The Dessert section is also something to rave about. Not only is their food good here, but their desserts! They even have gelato =O Theres a variety of pastries, bakeries, cakes, chocolate, parfaits, etc. The desserts are from Baby Cakes, which i think is definately worth it...since Baby Cakes is pretty darn expensive. I ate so much desserts, i think just the desserts alone that I ate, could cover the cost of my buffet. haha. . . I would definately recommend coming here for the seafood buffet, on a weekend. It is worth the drive off the strip. For the same price, you can get more variety and better quality food than off the strip.
I came here on a monday night and would have to admit that it is one of the better buffets i've had in Las Vegas.. . You can tell that they really put quality above quantity. The prime rib was pretty good for a AYCE. The asian dishes were perfectly seasoned to bring out the freshness of the ingredients they choose to utilize. . . The thai food was very authentic. The panang curry had the perfect texture and the pad thai noodles were cooked just right.. . The icing on the cake is of course the deserts. It's chocolate heaven! . For those of us who like to venture off the strip, try out the M resort buffet before you head back to L.A.
I'll keep it simple. My ranks of Vegas buffets go as such (time stamp January 2013). . 1) Wicked Spoon. 2) Studio B . 3) Bellagio. 4) Wynn. . Buffets that are well regarded I have not tried are the Rio seafood buffet and the new Caesar's palace bacchanal buffet.. . My first time at Studio B buffet I was BLOWN away, but the second subsequent time I was less impressed. Maybe I realized it was more infatuation on the first date, and on the second seeing as how they RAISED their buffet prices I came back down to earth. All of sudden Studio B became high maintenance.. . Let's face it the unlimited house wine and beer is a huge seller. Eat forever and get drunk. . . Another aspect of studio B is the wide open space they have. Creates a real comforting eating environment to gorge my face. Lastly the food speaks for itself if I give it 4 stars. The prime rib is solid and the array of desserts is lovely. All of the other high end necessities of what a high end buffet was satisfied, but not exceeded.
I've lived in Vegas nearly 40 years and am not a big fan of buffet food. But this is one buffet I'd enjoy eating at again.. . Clean, friendly and tasty. Highly recommended! A large selection as well!
Let me start by saying that I am not much of a buffet fan because 1 You feel like you're forced to eat your money's worth,  2 The freshness of food is rare because it sits out in warmers for who knows how long, 3 The drinks that are normally included are standard cheap drinks such as water, juice and coffee. Last but not least, 4 Desserts always seem the same. However, Studio B which is: . . LOCATED in the M Resort on the south side of Vegas, sheds a little light for me and here is why: . . My friends and I came for the seafood brunch. The selection was pretty much what I was expecting. Your standard crab legs, variety of sushi, oysters, shrimp and so forth. They also had prime rib. I give props to the crab legs which was pretty fresh and the prime rib which was satisfactory.  I wasn't impressed with the other stuff as the quality and freshness just wasn't there. Overall, the food was okay but eating your money's worth without unbuttoning your pants wasn't a problem because it's seafood.  Here is where it gets good. . . The DRINKS that were included were different from your normal buffets. - They had beers on tap! Can you believe that? Now of course it's not self serve but I still think that's awesome. I don't quite remember the different brands of beer but I do know they had a cider flavor  which was pretty good. They serve wine as well. It was the first time I ever left a buffet buzzing. They also had a coffee station where you can order espressos and other specialty coffee drinks. Like a mini Starbucks. I didn't try it but it sure looked cool. . . The desserts were pretty standard here with your variety of bite size cakes, creme brulee's, fruit tarts and so forth. But! they got a GELATO station!  I don't remember all the flavors at the time but I do know they had around 8 to 10 different flavors. I tried the pistachio and strawberry. Both were delicious. . . The SERVICE here was standard for a buffet. We didn't run into any problems. I must say that I was impressed with the employees manning the beer, coffee and gelato stations. They were pretty quick at handling the lines. . . This place is around 3.5 for me but I will round to a 4 stars for the overall experience and value.
Four of us went for Sunday Brunch on 2/17/13.. . We arrived at about 10:20 to only 1 party in front of us, we paid and were seated within minutes, (different story when we left, the line was very long).. . Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal very much.  The only 'knock' I have is that one of my oysters had a very 'funny' aftertaste and I worried about it being bad, (it wasn't).. . The food and drink menu was very good, but I would have preferred to have a Bloody Mary option instead of just champagne, wine and beer.. . The $39.99 price is a bit steep for me for brunch, but comparable to other Sunday brunch buffets, it is quite reasonable.. . I would easily recommend Studio B when asked about Sunday brunch choices.
EATING BACK THE MONEY VEGAS TOOK FROM ME. . Whenever I walk into a Vegas buffet, my single focus is to stuff my face with the most expensive items they have.  That means prime rib, crab legs, and sashimi (sushi where I discard the rice).  If they battered and fried $20 bills, I just might eat that, too.. . Studio B nearly sabotaged my plans by laying out an amazing diversity of delicious but inexpensive foods.   During my face-stuffing marathon, I found myself gorging on fillers like Singapore noodles and Filipino pancit.  My mouth forgot our original mission because it was too giddy traveling the world.   Tender Italian ossobucco..."Bonjourno!"  Succulent Chinese char siu pork..."Nee how!"  Smokey Korean galbi..."Anyong haseyo!"  Our friend Canada was not properly represented, tho.. . With AYCE, we've all been there:  that delayed realization on the second plate that the flavors sort of suck.  That didn't happen at Studio B.  Admittedly, as an international jetsetter, I've had way better food at an overseas gourmet buffet where they even entertained me with half-naked dancers (on the island country of Hawaii, at an event called a "luau")...but to be fair, Studio B should to be compared with other Vegas buffets.  So,  I rate the food 4.38 stars.. . As for the service, I rate it a phenomenal 10 stars.  Why?  It was lightning fast, super-attentive, and the enthusiastic server happened to be me.. . Though I strayed from eating just the high-priced items, Studio B's entrance fee was nevertheless a steal for all the wine, beer, and tasty food I consumed.  Yeah, I'm definitely coming back to eat here...this evil town still owes me money.
Another one of my favorite buffets!!! No, it's not on the strip. Yes, it's at the M Resort... Yes, M Resort is that one hotel off the 15 surrounded by absolutely nothing where you can see the lights and hotels of the strip in the distance.. . Totally worth it.. . Along with the buffet comes unlimited drinks. And by unlimited drinks I mean beer, wine, and cider. For free. Although, you should be nice and tip them lol. . So at Studio B they have the weekday lunch buffet, which does NOT have the crab legs and other seafood. It's a little more boring, but also because the price is MUCH cheaper. Then they have weeknight buffets and then the weekend seafood buffet. I love the weekend seafood buffet because they have snow crab legs (hot and cold), raw oysters (which are just eh-- but they're raw oysters and you're in Vegas, you can expect them to be fresh LOL), shrimp, paella, etc. There's a bunch of dishes that you can't find during the rest of the week.. . There's an incredible selection of food. I usually start at the end with the pizzas and salads. By the time I'm halfway through the line my plate is full and overflowing. I always get prime rib, but that's partly because I want to get my money's worth in food. Whenever I come for the seafood buffet, my boyfriend and I get at least one full plate of crab legs, piled high like a mountain. . . I never eat the sushi there or the Asian food, but that's also because I feel like it's awaste of precious stomach real estate when you eat orange chicken and eggrolls at a buffet like this.. . There's a huge dessert selection as well. I don't like the desserts as much as I like Wicked Spoon's desserts. Their gelato's just ok, but I always get some because I can't say no to ice cream lol. They have a lot of dessert shooter type things in mini cups that are just okay as well. Their creme brulee's not bad though. They serve espresso and coffee in that dessert section as well, but I'm usually all tapped out to get anything from there.
Buffet includes liquor...what more can you ask for?  One of my top 3 faves in Las Vegas Buffets!
Love their seafood.
This isone of those belated reviews, like over 2 years belated.  I wanted to wait until I had the opportunity to come back before I finally put this review in.. . When I first moved out here, I lived fairly close to the M and was told by everyone that that their buffet is a must.  I admit, I have attempted to eat at Studio B about 3 times before I finally got the opportunity back in 2011.  The first 3 times here, I was greeted with a line so long that it wasn't worth it for me.  Eventually I got in and have been eatin here at least 10 times since. Plus, I learned a trick to get to the front of the line (my secret). . . If I was rating Studio B Buffet 2 years ago, I'd give them 5 stars for presentation, price (I usually had discounts or it was free), selection, and set up.  Also keep in mind that I don't frequent buffets and never could rationalize the cost since I never get my money's worth.  You won't find too much here that you cannot find at the other strip casino buffets, but the food here is much much better.  I'm a huge fan of everything seafood here and their sushi is pretty good considering it's buffet style.  Remember, buffet style sushi equals not fresh.  Here, they tend to add a new batch every couple of minutes so you get the freshest buffet style sushi here.  . . I'm not saying that Studio B Buffet is the best tasting buffet that I have had in Las Vegas.  Taste wise, my favorite is still Mandalay's.  But Studio B is my overall favorite buffet here in Las Vegas.  I have made Studio B the standard.  . . PS:  Beer served here.  Not for me, but my buds sure took advantage.  I can't believe we spent 3+ hours here one time.  Free beers will do that.
Great selection of food, everything you'd expect to see at an international buffet. There are plenty of food choices to satisfy anyone's craving. Butter mashed potatoes, green beans with almonds and prime rib were delicious. Lots of different salad options as well. Unlimited beer and wine? Count me in! We went on a Monday late afternoon and paid $24. Unfortunately we were in line for about an hour, but it was worth it. I look forward to returning on a Saturday or Sunday for more seafood next time!
On the way to Vegas you see signs of "M - Voted Best Buffet in Las Vegas", something I wanted to see for myself!. . I was invited to have a buffet here in Studio B, and most buffets make money off of their alcohol. Studio B has beer and wine as part of the buffet. On to the selection, it is HUGE. Anyone walking in will find something they want. I tried almost every dish on the menu, and it was good. So far it's the best Vegas buffet I've been to. It's really clean, and you can see that they emphasize a lot on the quality. The prime rib was delicious and tender, they have snow crabs, and a lot of selections that are virtually unheard of in your standard Vegas buffet.. . Most Vegas buffets have a reputation for quantity over quality, but as I heard from one of my acquaintances, when M opened they really wanted to provide the quality of the buffet and they didn't just want regular people coming in to take as much as they wanted but to actually TASTE the food & come out satisfied with that quality. Recently though, he said that the quality isn't as good as when it first opened, but still better than most.. . A lot of value for your money if you do choose to dine here.
My friends and I decided to meet up here to grab breakfast/brunch as the first thing we did in Vegas for that weekend. I didn't realize it was so far away from the strip until we got there. :P. . The only reason I'd come back is because the buffet also includes wine and champagne. Unlimited champagne and juices = bottomless mimosas. Bottomless mimosas in my book is always a good thing. . . The food could be better, but it wasn't horrible. They have the standard food selections and none of them were amazing.
Kudos to the M for providing locals with one of the best overall buffet choices we have! This was my 2nd time at Studio B, and I tried to sample a variety from the amazing choices. Some standouts are the fresh salads & fruit (loved the beet salad and egg salad), the jambalaya, creamed spinach and chipotle corn. I also tried the fried rice with shredded pork, which I felt wasn't flavorful enough. . You can only eat so much, so I will have to return to try the Mexican dishes and more of the Asian choices. I did have room for dessert, so I sampled the creme brulee and bananas foster. Both were very good!. They still have the cappuccino/espresso bar, which is part of the dessert area, and you have to ask for one as there's no sign. I had cappuccino, which was decent. You also get free beer/wine, but I didn't have any so I can't comment on the types available.
We ate at Studio B for the weekend seafood dinner buffet the night after eating at Bacchanal at Caesar's.  Surprisingly, all 3 of us agreed that we overall enjoyed Studio B just slightly more.    Bacchanal is $50 with the Total Rewards card or $55 without vs $40 for Studio B but Studio B includes unlimited beer and wine.   For sure, the variety of the selection at Bacchanal is far, far better, offering probably twice as many choices.  The buffet station staffing at Bacchanal is way better too.  At Studio B, there was only 1 person staffing the cappuccino and gelato station.   And there was only 1 full time person staffing the 3 separate stations for prime rib, turkey and roast lamb.  Sometimes, there would be a second person to carve but he'd disappear after helping you.  I'd be tempted to carve my own slice of turkey after waiting a minute without assistance.   Aside from the price difference and free beer and wine, the other main factor was that we liked the King Crab Legs at Studio B better than at Bacchanal.  King Crab is a main attraction when we go to a Vegas buffet so this counts for a lot.  At Bacchanal, the crab legs are more plentiful, thicker, and meatier but they are regrettably too salty.  We've had unpleasantly salty King Crab legs 3 out of 4 visits to Bacchanal.  The legs at Studio B are not nearly as thick and meaty but they actually taste like crab without overpowering saltiness.  At Studio B, we kept on going back for more crab.  At Bacchanal, we wanted to go back for more but were turned off by the saltiness and were distracted by other dishes so just passed on getting more salty King crab.   . . Studio B is a 4 on its best nights.  Bacchanal is a 4 on some nights but a 5 on its best nights.
This may have been one of the best buffets a few years ago, but Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal have passed it by with their unique dishes and plating. The food at Studio B is still better than most buffets I've tried but my opinion of the place has changed since my first visit years ago when the M Resort opened.. . Desserts are the best option here with the apple pie, cookies, and pecan tart leading the way. Items like stewed and braised meats work well because the quality doesn't diminish as quickly when it's been sitting out a long time as opposed to other dishes where timing and freshness matter. For example, the chimichangas and pizza crusts get soggy  after a while and mussels become rubbery. You should skip the sushi altogether. The Asian section with kalbi beef, curry, and kung pao beef fared much better and were some of the more memorable dishes.
With the wave of premium buffets hitting Las Vegas (Bacchanal at Caesars, Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan) Studio B is not at the top of the category anymore.. . That having been said, it is still one of my favorite buffets in the city. For dinner it is slightly more than half the cost of the other two I mentioned and the food, while not at the same level, is very close. The most notable difference is that this is a more "traditional" buffet setup rather than the painstakingly individual plates of the higher end buffets. Quality wise, I have enjoyed everything I have had there. And yes they still have the typical meat carving stations (prime rib, pork, sausage, fish.). . Let's not forget...Beer and wine INCLUDED. Maybe I have a problem, but that's worth the price of admission for this guy!
The M Resort is so far from the Strip that a cab or a car is necessary to get there. I had family staying there while I was in Vegas and per ancient Asian custom, a trip to the buffet was in order. (This review is just for the buffet, but I will add that their room was pretty sweet!). . Studio B has got to be one of my favorite buffets for the abundance of options. It's not like other places that have everything you can ever want, but come up way short in the execution. Most everything I've tried here was delicious. An added bonus is the complimentary beer and wine (and mimosas if you're brunching). Dessert bar is excellent as well.. . Due to their distance from the busier areas of Vegas, it's not crowded at all. I've never bumped into anyone on my various trips for more food or had to make a mad dash to the crab legs before they run out. Tables are comfortably spaced and thedining area is very, very clean.
We have eaten here a handful of times, and today we returned to have the dinner buffet.This buffet offers many different selections and is always a decent meal.   We arrived early and there was no line.   We were first in line and there was many open seats yet it took them 8 minutes to show us a table.   Once seated we went through the line to be pleasantly surprised at the many different dishes they offered this time around.   We had some of the sushi, shrimp tempura, cucumber salad, fried rice, and some of the prime rib,  The sushi was not great,  I could tell it had been wrapped earlier in the day as the nori had really become hard.   The shrimp tempura was really good, yet they did not have any tempura dipping sauce.  The cucumber salad was fresh, but not marinated long enough.   The deserts were awesome, and our server was excellent.  One thing about buffets, if you space the time out visit to visit, you appreciate the offerings.   A very good buffet.  4 stars (5 stars when they start offering crab)
Great buffet! We had a large party for a wedding rehearsal dinner and decided to dine here to please many different palates. It was a great call for a large group. We did have to wait a while to be seated. To make reservations for a large party, they charge $200, on top of the price per head. We chanced it and waited about 45 mins, but saved the $200 for drinks later at the lounge! The price per head was perfect, especially since it included wine/beer. I will return!
My daughter, like most kids, loves buffets. This is unanimously our family favorite. I'm amazed at the selection you get for such a low price. Each dish is well made and doesn't have that cheap buffet taste. We came here around 10am for breakfast and ended up staying for lunch. I think this is a trick that many know about, because the lines died down shortly after lunch started. . . Free beer and wine is included. Desserts were outstanding. Staff is super nice. The property and the pool is very nice as well. The cheap buffet lures you to the property and the nice pool makes you want to stay here. Great marketing. It works.. . I took a star off because my wife thinks something she ate something there that made her sick. Nobody else got sick and we ate like pigs the entire weekend so I'm not convinced. Might have been the tequila shot the night before too. . . Everything you could possibly want from buffet. It's a drive, but well worth the trip.
Great buffet.  Some food items were a bit salty.  Dessert options were great.  Included in buffet: cappuccino counter and wine counter!  Great price.
This is a great buffet. I went May 2013 and paid $50. The wait was close to 1.5 hours which was a killer in my heels. So ladies, plan to wear flats. . . We were seated near closing time yet they had ample crab legs, oyster shooters, BBQ mussels, sushi, etc. left, and they kept replenishing. Do not worry if you are seated on the late side - they don't skimp on putting more food out! Here are the highlights of my meal:. . Free unlimited wine and beer. I chose a Cava from Spain.. Crab legs. Oysters (with horseradish & lemons). BBQ mussels. Salad. Tempura. Herb crusted lamb. Prawns. Dessert bar (creme brulee, various parfait, doughnuts, cream puffs, etc.). . I don't eat beef but my friends really enjoyed their prime rib! There were about 40 other things I did not try so the variety is superb. Plenty for vegetarians/vegans as well (although a raw vegan might be challenged here).. . CONS:. Wish they had restrooms in the buffet area itself. . They could try and do something about how long it takes to get seated (plenty of empty seats once we were let in)
The selections are amazing from Marrow, oxtail soup, osco bosco, crawfish, clams, crab...an Asian taste bud dream.  The free alcohol, vast coffee, and desserts are to delight.  The downside it is costly, long lines, and way off strip in the trendy M casino.
I've been waiting for an excuse to make it out here, and luckily this past weekend, my cousin and her husband were in town and wanted to eat here! Bacchanal at Caesear's is a great buffet with both standard and eclectic options, but the longgggg wait can really be draining. Luckily, Studio B is not too far from the strip and if you're a local with a car (or know a local with a car), the trek a few miles from McCarran is worth it. Parking was super easy at the M, but that may be because we went there Sunday around 7pm. I was pleasantly surprised that the smell of smoke didn't smack me across the face when I walked in. The Studio B line was a bit confusing because the line you should get into after paying was blocking the actual cashier. Once we sorted it out and paid (our CA visitors got $5 off, but unfortunately no discount for locals), we waited a total about 30 minutes to be seated. They don't keep the buffet overly packed and the space is so bright and airy so you can see the vast food options waiting for you. The crab legs were probably the best I've had so far in Vegas, but since I'm being conservative with my eating, I didn't eat till I dropped. The table seemed to really like the prime rib and my fiance also stated it's the best he's had in Vegas (comparing it to buffets like the Wynn, Bellagio, Bacchanal, PH, Rio and Paris). The Chinese food selection actually looked really appetizing, but I had to save stomach space for dessert. Our waitress was on top of things the whole time - clearing plates and refilling drinks without us having to flag her down. I'll more likely try to steer visitors to this buffet going forward :D
One of the best if not the best buffet in Vegas. Food is fresh and nothing sits out for too long. I've seen the food prep staff actually throw out food if it is picked over, so they do not always dump the previous platter of food to the incoming platter. Seems so wasteful, but its foe the health and safety of those dining. . . I've been here many times and its always clean, no sticky residue from food on the floor and someone is constantly wiping down the food counters.. . Buffet even includes beer and wine and a mass of desserts. You just can't eat one type. It's all a must try...cookies, meringues, mini pies, cakes, crime brulee, chocolate lava cake, ice creams and sorbet.. . The only downside to this place is the long line to get in! You can earn enough points from slots and poker for a free buffet which I imagine can cause the long lines? A must visit before or after visiting the strip.
Dined here with some friends on a Sunday night on  5/26/13.  The line didn't seem that long at all, but the wait was!  I didn't understand why we had to wait so long especially when there were lots of tables available.  We came near near closing time.  We probably waited a good 70-90 minutes!  But I have to say, the wait was definitely worth it as the variety and quality of food bypasses that of the buffet at the Wynn.  Unlike the Wynn, Studio B also offers:  Lamb, oyster shooters, mussels, beer, wine and so much more.  The prime rib was excellent!  Tasty, juicy, and tender!  My hubby and friends really enjoyed the lamb and oyster shooters.  Being that I have a sweet tooth, I really enjoyed the dulce de leche dessert and creme brulee.  Mmmmm!
There's a buffet that's been on my mind...all the time. Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh oh. Now I know that it's not on the Strip, but with a car you can get there in a zip. Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh oh. . Tucked in the corner of the M. Plenty of options, it's a gem. Fresh are the off'rings at this buffet. I ate so much, at least five more pounds I weigh.... Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh oh. Five more pounds I weigh-ay. Stu-Stu-studio! oh oh oh. . Veggie options bountiful!  And the taste of them are wonderful!. Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh oh. The Brussels sprouts and broccoli, the kale and salads all appealed to me!. Stu-Stu-Studio! oh oh oh. . I got a big piece of soft prime rib. With so much au jus I needed a bib. Desserts great selection but just so-so. Creamed spinach so good, just for that it's worth a go-oh!. Stu-Stu-Studio!  oh oh oh. It's worth a go-oh!. Stu-Stu-studio! oh oh oh. . Show your California Drivers License when you pay. They'll take $5 off of your buffet! (until July 31). That's around $20 on a weekday. Hotel is so nice, next time here want to stay!. Stu-Stu-Studio! oh oh oh. I want to stay-hey!. Stu-Stu-Studio! oh oh oh. . For the price, it's the best buffet in Vegas!
Came here on a Tuesday. Got in line at 10:15am. the line looked like it would only be 15 min wait, but we were finally seated at around 11:30. BUT.... the best part was they still charged us breakfast price of $10.99. If you're a California resident, you get $5 OFF! My boyfriend and I paid about $13 all together for an all you can eat buffet... UNBELIEVABLE!!!. . I wasn't too happy with the food since I'm more of a seafood lover, but it's pretty decent! FREE WINE AND FREE BEER. OMG.. . CIDER BEER. YOU CANNOT GO WRONG!! . . When I was almost done eating, I wished I just filled myself up with dessert and cider beer. But realistically, that would be extremely unhealthy and worth up to 1239890 calories.... . It's definitely worth coming here to eat for the price (at least for what I paid for!)
This review is based on my SEATING experience here, not really about the food.. . I have eaten here a couple times now. I like the buffet, just wish that they had a better way of seating people. Last time I was there our party waited  almost 2 hours to be seated! when we finally got walked in I saw a large number of empty (cleaned) tables. The buffet food is pretty good, although I wish that the crab legs had more meat in them and weren't cut in half. I would advise to get here as early as possible!
Came here a few times recently with my Mom. She had 2-4-1 coupons to use here. The decor is pleasing and open enough that one will probably not notice anything but the food. There are large screens mounted above the buffet line showing various things like Food Network. There is a bit of a wait sometimes, but that is fairly normal for a buffet in vegas. The selection is quite large. Instead of usual buffet line lining the outside of the room. Studio B takes more of a wavy, bell curve approach with the dessert section off to the other side of the entrance. A plus to note, they do offer free beer and wine included with the buffet price. Since I don't drink I don't take advantage of that portion of the buffet nor can I vouch for that part. For drinkers I'd think that adds a bit of extra value to the experience.(Long as you're not the one having to drive after!). There was one odd experience. One item offered once was ginger stir-fried crab legs. They were grabbed up quickly each time it was refilled. The odd part was it seemed the cook was instructed only to refill the fairly small tray only every so often. We were there at least 30min, maybe 1hr at most. It was only filled twice.. I was stuck at about 3.5 stars for this review but gave it the bump up since the service everytime was very good. Refilling drinks, taking away used plates and everyone in between.
Great price, great food. Only annoying thing was that they made us wait in line for an hour but the restaurant was pretty empty.
Foods great. Their dessert selection was good. I ate 6 pcs. of their pistachio merengue ...
They offer good selection of desserts and variety of food. All you can beer and alcohol as well. I like the frapaccino/expresso flavors they have.
I have been here three times for the seafood on Friday or Sunday and it has always been good.  $39.99 (If from CA, show CDL for $5 off!).  Good offerings, high quality, great desserts.  It's a little pricey but the food is good and it includes beer and wine.
I would definitely recommend anyone to visit here if you are in town on weekdays. Their weekday prices are so much more reasonable, and the wait usually isn't too bad. It is not as good as what it used to be when it first opened, but it is still worth the drive. . . The weekday breakfast is only $10.99, and if you get there before 10AM, normally you don't really need to wait in line at all. Lunch is $15.99 and dinner is $23.99. Weekend prices are a few dollars off from the strip with comparable buffets, normally around $40. . . It is not spectacular, but there is a large food selection, everyone will find something they like. Food is always fresh, tasty and presented well. This is definitely my top 5 buffets in Vegas.
Lots of options and it was all yummy.  You also get your drinks (beer &wine too) included as well.  The one negative was the fact that it was a bit under staffed and some items were empty.  For $25 a plate, I expected better.
THE "M" Wow to compare this buffet to others is difficult, to have a true comparison I would go with the Caesars Palace  of the 80's and early 90's.. . They put out the best food to bring the best customers in, the Prime Rib melts, the Sashmi Salad is fresh. The whole feels of this place brings me back to when Vegas Casino's worked to get you in the door with the best of the best and great customer service.
UNLIMITED DRANKS?!  That should already entice your ass to come!. . Went on a Friday at 2PM and we thought we were going to not get in for the lunch price, but when we finally go to the register at 330PM, the cashier was nice enough to give us lunch prices...AND IT WAS DINNAR!. . Ughhhhhh so happy.
As much as I want to love buffets, my stomach tends to disagree. Mass produced food sitting under heating lamps doesn't hold much appeal for me. Fortunately, Studio B is one of the few buffets where quality trumps quantity and is worth the trip.. . Dinner runs about $25 Monday - Thursday, weekend seafood ups the price by about $10. Considering that an entree and a beer at restaurants like Cheesecake Factory runs about the same price, its really not a bad deal. What makes the price worth is the unlimited beer and wine available at buffet. I was surprised to see craft draft beer along with ciders, and a couple wines to pick from.. . In terms of food there is something for everyone. Sushi, multiple carving stations along with plenty of vegetarian and healthier options. The desert station features enough to satisfy even the most discerning sweet tooth and gets extra points for having gelato and milkshakes. The buffet itself looks great. Modern design, comfortable seating, unobstructed views of the Vegas strip and a open kitchen ensures cleanliness. . . The lines can get long on busier days so come prepared. Also check out the M Players Club as they offer free buffets for players.
$25 dinner buffet at Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa? Food must suck right? Wrong.. . Everything I tried that day was deliciousand flavorful! Surprisingly, they didn't have one item of food I didn't like. Although they may not have as much selection as other buffets, its definitely worth the price.. . Especially that dessert bar. Omg. And I don't even like sweets. That's saying something. . . The only downside is it's about 20 minutes from the strip. But hey, it's worth driving that far instead of paying $$$$ for crappy food right?
Always good food and great service. I am a fan of the dessert bar for sure. Great selection and very flavorful. My family and I get comp'd all the time. My favorite aspect of this buffett is that it has quality dishes. Most buffets in Vegas do large quantities with lack luster flavor and poor ingredient selections. This is top notch. I cant complain.
Memorial Day Weekend seafood buffet- $50 . . No wait. . Memorial Day specials: rack of lamb, crab legs (steamed crab legs, chilled snow crab legs, steamed legs with ginger and green onion), prime rib. . Offerings:. American- BBQ ribs, mashed potatoes, corn. Seafood- mostly raw seafood, oysters, mussels, crab, shrimp, not as many cooked options compared to raw. Asian- oxtail stew, sushi, poke, sashimi salad, grape leaves. Cajun- jambalaya, steamed mussels and clams, scallops in a cream sauce. Breads. Pastas- lobster cannolis, wild mushroom raviolis. Soups. Pizzas. Desserts- ice creams, coconut macaroons, meringues in different flavors, typical pudding and custard dishes, tiramisu, creme brulee, flan, cookies, panna cotta, cakes. Drinks- beers, wines, coffee. . Favorites: rack of lamb, crab legs, sashimi poke, coconut ice cream
We came for dinner last Saturday. It was $40 per person. The ambience was my favorite part of my meal. The decor is very upscale. There are actually windows which allows natural light to come in, along with huge tv screens above the buffet tables which is super modern. In almost all casino buffets you feel like you are in a basement but you feel like you are in heaven. . . Unfortunately, I am not a big seafood fan. I like my protein from animals and birds. It seemed like every other food selection was made of seafood. I like to start with a big salad with alot of toppings but the salad selection here was joke. The prime rib looked extra rare with blood dripping from the meat, ah no thanks. My favorite was the jambalaya. It was thick and meaty. The sushi sucked. The mushroom ravioli was pretty good. The panang curry was alright. The star of the buffet was king crab legs as it seemed like everyone except us was loading up on the legs. I actually enjoyed their delightful desserts much more than their entrees. They have various creamy dessert concoctions in plastic shot glasses. They were the bomb! The petite chessecake was rich and delicous as well.. . Our server was awesome. He took care of us and was attentive. Overall, the ambience and the dessert were the it factors for me. If I was a seafood lover, I would probably give this place 5 stars. The food overall I would give 3 stars as nothing really stood out.
Seafood buffet, for a little over $40. . . The layout was somewhat confusing, but once you figured it out, you were able to have the advantage over the folks who hadn't yet....dropping your line-time considerably. . . The snow crab was all I went for, and boy did I load up. Unfortunately the crab was rather flavorless. Unlimited mimosas, made up for this.. . My wife had a little more adventurous time at the smorgasbord. She like the prime rib especially, but said everything she are was decent. She attacked the dessert bar, and came back with a stack of mini-sweets. From cheesecake to creme brulee, she loved them all. . . As far as "best in Vegas", I'm not sure. I think the Orleans might just beat out Studio B. However, if you drink alcohol, Studio B is the buffet for you!
Food was good. Worth $40? I don't know. Why are buffets so expensive? Came on a Friday night so it was seafood night. I did enjoy the free wine and beer w/ dinner. Loved the desserts!!
I lost my appetite for Las Vegas buffets many, many moons ago. I don't care for the higher quantity/lower quality food that is served at these places and I no longer feel the need to recoup my gambling losses by gorging myself at the buffets.. . However, I like Studio B. It's located in the beautiful, low-key M Resort and the quality of the food here is better than other buffets. The entire place is clean and the service is excellent. There's something for everyone here and while it won't all taste great, most of it is fresh and delicious. I'm very happy that the mac-and-cheese that my nieces and nephew were eating did not look like the slop that most places serve. The kids also enjoyed the pizza and a few of the Asian noodle dishes.. . As for my most recent trip, I liked the seafood selections (good tuna poki and a fresh salmon salad) and the not-so-standard-for-a-buffet dishes (pineapple jicama salad). During past visits, I've chowed down on the crab legs, oysters, clams, carved meats, tater tots (yes!), and much more. The dessert and coffee bar are excellent as well. Did I mention the free beer and wine included with your meal? This should be mandatory for all buffets, IMHO.. . One warning: eat this on your way into Vegas, not on your way home. It's tough fighting off a major food coma on the freeway.
This is THE best buffet in Vegas.  I've been coming to vegas for work countless times and this place is the best!  If you are going to try to do a buffet and do it big, and have a car, this is the place.  It's off the strip, so you'll need to drive, but the food choices, unlimited beer and wine. and the price is the real winner.. . This is located at the M Resort and Spa.  It's a 20 minute drive south of the strip.  The food choices are eclectic:  Chinese, Mexican, Thai, American, Korean, Indian, Meditteranean, etc.  They have cold or warm crab legs with the drawn butter, a meat carving station, and an enormous dessert table which includes sugar free options.  I definitely filled up with my favorites being the crab legs, Korean beef short ribs, and crab bisque.. . From what the other reviewers were saying, the wait time could be long.  I've gone on a Saturday at lunch, no lines.  I've gone weeknight for dinner around 7, 30 mins.  Do yourself a favor and stop searching yelp for buffets.  This is the best.  Did i mention they have unlimited beer and wine?
Got there at 10:45 for breakfast but it ended at 11. they weren't refilling the food but it was a blessing in disguise because they were transitioning to dinner. breakfast was $11 and dinner $40. So we basically ate dinner for the price of breakfast.. WIN! Lol they had crab legs, primerib, lambchops, oysters and many more.
Studio B is fine if there is not a long wait to get in, otherwise forget it. You'll be waiting in more lines when you get in. It can be a good thing though at least there is high turnover rate and stations are constantly freshened up . My favorite and go to are the Asian : The Kalbi beef ribs and the rice noodle dish and the Mediterranean station for the dolmades. The salad station for antipasto salad and the dessert station to  get refills on alcoholic coffee drinks. . . I rarely dine at place with buffets but will come here and suggest  this place to my out of town guests when they want better quality buffet food.  The service is pretty good. The servers are always on top of things, refilled drinks and cleared out our dishes. The prices charge are reasonable, you get your moneys worth dining here.
