It's a great show.  There's a romantic story behind it.  Just wish there were more acrobatic performances incorporated into it.  The show we saw did not have the strong men performance!  Minus 1 star!  They should have discount the ticket for that!
Excellent show.  Lots of different areas of action, like a three ring circus.  Our show didn't have the fire effects that we had seen in promotional materials.  Suggest sitting in the middle of the theater or toward the rear.  Seats in the front will force you to look up half the time or you will miss the action in the air above the stage / water.
AMAZING. . I was dragged here but at the end I was giving a standing ovation!
Le Reve is best described as Cirque du Soleil meets synchronized swimming and diving.  I really liked this show because it's different from anything you've seen before.   I also loved the theater - since it's round with no support beams, there isn't a bad seat in the house and they were able to pull off some pretty cool stunts and surprises with it.  I probably spent half of the show wondering how different parts of the "stage" work, however I promise that the acrobatics and special effects are much more interesting.. . Definitely would recommend to people coming to Vegas as a top show to see.
What a great introduction to the Cirque de Soleil chain.  I have never been to one of their shows and after seeing this water stage show, I would love to see them all.  It is highly entertaining and I was at the edge of my seat.  So much was going on; you would need to go again just to catch it all.  The story line is much like reading an Epic of Homer's time.  There are a lot of inferences and plenty of room for interpretation to the eye of the beholder.  While kids may not understand all of that, they will love all of the stunts.
We had planned on seeing "O" when were in Vegas but I think they were on vacation or something.  So we decided to give La Reve a shot since it is basically a knock off of O.. . We were already staying at Encore so it was a short walk to the theater.  We had great seats, 3rd row or so.  I think the show has some sort of story, but I had no idea what it was.  But that doesn't detract from the enjoyment.  Before the show there is a little entertainment in the form of a lizard-like guy that swims around the pool and messes with people in the front rows.  At first I thought he was a statue because he'll stay there motionless for a while at times.  Then he will sneak up on some unsuspecting theater patron and squirt water at them or something.  Pretty funny.. . The show is pretty amazing.  The pool has platforms in it that raise and lower throughout the show so at times the performers are swimming, diving into the pool or even seemingly walking on water.  At one point the performers were diving into the pool from about 25 feet above the water!. . So if you want to see a great show and you don't want to pay the astronomical prices for a Cirque de Soleil show, give La Reve a shot.
I really enjoyed the show. There were so many artistic parts to it. The dancers were amazing and there were so many death defying stunts. I've never seen anything like it. The aqua stage was mesmerizing. Throughout the show it changed from water to ground. It was hard to keep up with at times, but I admire the hard work that the performers put forth. Great show!
My first show in Vegas! What a tough act to beat!. . Even though the show was expensive and had no central theme to it, I thoroughly enjoyed it! . . If you love water, acrobatics, and heavenly instrumental music, you'll enjoy this show. . . The show is filled with beautiful displays of water combined with wonderful emotion-filled acrobatics. I felt that the music complimented every aspect of the show to a tee. The water stage was amazing and I believe that was over a million tons of water (correct me if I'm wrong). I have never seen a water show that was so breathtaking.
Spent the weekend in Vegas, had a great time.   Went and saw Le Reve....great show..!!  When we bought the tickets....was informed that the producer of the show was originally with Circus soleil...and actually produced "O".....but left to start his own shows.  Highly recommend...!!  Great story, visuals are awesome...and the "circle in the round" stage made it an even better setting..!!  No bad seats in this arena..!!  See it..!!
==Le Reve==. Ehh.. First of all, remember that the further you sit, the better the view. It doesn't matter where you sit, you're sitting in a circular room and you can see everything from where you're seated. The closer you sit, you may get wet and can't really see all around the room. It's an entire water adventure spectacular. It takes over the center of the room, up above and like a plus pattern towards the audience. The show itself wasn't too too bad, but at some times it does get a bit dull. They had a few random dumbfounded jokes and some really jaw dropping performances. Lots of diving acrobats and performance in the water.. . PAY NO ATTENTION TO THE GIRL IN THE RED DRESS.. Worthless.. Seriously. haha. I guess she's all part of the storyline they implemented, but I just get annoyed looking at her because she's always there.. . Our seats were in the center in the circular room so we had a good view.
This show was amazingly entertaining. We had great seats that were about $90/each (not expensive for a Vegas show.) I don't think there's a bad seat in the house UNLESS you're right up close. Although this show has a very basic storyline about love/heartbreak you're still entertained by the acrobatics/dancing/music and lights! The Wynn theater/hotel is beautiful too. If you're staying here it would be a shame to miss this show.
Performance: 4 stars. Seat/View: 4 stars. . This was our second time seeing this show and we found out that they have changed the costumes and arrangement. I would say there were some pros and cons. Wynn gave us free tickets for the show and we sat at the middle section this time. We could see the overhead lighting better. However, we preferred to sit in the front rows like last time because we had better view of the performers. Also I didn't like they added some dancers around the main characters in some scenes because they created distractions and blocked my sight. Overall it was still a good show and we enjoyed it, especially it was free.
The theater is a bowl, so it seems like anywhere in the audience would be a good seat. . . Le Reve is an acrobatic water show, lots of diving and splashing. It's pretty fun to watch/semi gay with all the buff guys holding each other up and pointing their toes.. . The story line is kind of confusing, this girl is all in love with her boyfriend and then all of a sudden she leaves him and she ends up partying with a bunch of buff dudes and some cool ass guy with a leather jacket. Then she gets passed around to another bunch of guys and finally at the end she ends up choosing the first guy she's with, winds up getting engaged to him and then whisked away by a  bed suspended from the ceiling. I think it's a subliminal message to get babes in the audience to have wild bachelorette parties.
So I've never seen a Cirque show so there's nothing really to compare to but the props in this show absolutely blew me away!. . I cannot begin to imagine how someone dreams this up or choreographs these shows and what rehearsal or practice is like but I know I wouldn't be able to do it.  These entertainers are simply amazing and talented. I can't wait to watch more!. . Sure the storyline is difficult to grasp and follow but the performances are out of this world.
One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas.  The stunts are fantastic and all the water effects are unique from any other show.  Definitely worth checking out.
Good show. Props fantastik. Too short,only about an hour.
There is only so much you can do in the water so Le Reve is nothing new with "O" being around for such a long time.  Le Reve is short of what "O" is but it was still a good show to kill an hour and a half and be entertained.  At least Le Reve had a story and it made sense unlike "O".  Our tickets were free and anything free in Vegas is good.  I'm not sure if I would spend money on Le Reve having watched "O" already.  Comfortable seats and a 360 degrees seating area around the swimming pool means there are no bad seats and you get a good view wherever you are sitting.  Our free seats were perfect.  Don't buy seats in the splash area, its cheap for a reason.. . This is not a Cirque Du Soleil show by the way.  If you haven't seen "O", I recommend watching Le Reve first.  It is definitely worth watching but don't compare it to "O" because you may be a little disappointed.  The lead female dancer/swimmer is cute and hot.  All the supporting female dancers/swimmers are hot too.  As for the guy dancers/swimmers, put on your damn shirts!
You can't go wrong wherever you sit!  . . It's not the cheapest tickets around, but it certainly is worth it.  I've seen almost all of the Cirque du Soleil shows and La Reve is certainly up there with all of them.  The visual is stunning and most of the time, I'm overwhelmed by where to look because there is so much going on!   If you can fork out the $ or lucky enough to get tix for free, don't miss it!
Watching people dive from super high heights into what seems like a 3 foot pool is awesome..  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is I didn't really understand the story..  Some things are better without a story, just amazing acrobatics..
I've seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows on the strip except Love. Le Reve is not a CDS production but it's pretty much the same performance.. . Upon entering, I was wowed by the round stage and the 360 degree seatings. How do they pull off a show with nowhere to hide behind the curtain?. . The show's amazing, with all the acrobatic moves that's humanly "impossible". It's still a star away from the O and Mystere but it's definitely worth the money.. . Go see it!
This was great! Even my husband loved it and he normally doesn't like Las Vegas shows. .   We loved the music and how you can see the show very well from any seat in the house. I have seen it 3 times now and I enjoy it every time.
The show is very pleasing to watch.  The performers can do some amazing things!  It combines acrobatics, dancing, diving, synchronized swimming, and water water water.  I thought it was a Cirque du Solei show, but after looking closer, it isn't.. . If you sit in the first few rows, you'll be in the "splash zone", so keep that in mind when buying tickets.  The stadium/stage is a large circle, so there isn't a bad seat in the house.. . Overall, it's a very nice show to watch, but there isn't much of a storyline, so sit back, relax and enjoy the performers.. . Towards the end of the show, the performers throw out roses into the crowd and one happened to land right in my friend's drink.  We didn't see it coming since it's very dark in the theater, but we felt the splash.. . See my photos!. . Xie Xie!
I won tickets to this, so I suppose that affects my review a little, but I still thought this was a lovely show. It has a bit of everything - dancing, acrobatics, and swimming. Every seat is a good one. However, if you are sitting near the bottom, you may get a little wet.
Saw a lot of cirque shows over the years (Ka, O, Love).  Le reve was really beautiful and well choreated.   I definitely recommended especially if you've never seen a cirque show before.   I like the theather, it's round, so you can't really get a bad seat, though you may get a little splash if you're seated near the stage (cheapest seats)
For having no discernable plot, this is an amazingly captivating show.  If you're not simply astounded by the talent and artistry of it all, I feel sorry for you.
had a great time, this was a fun show. A little different from the usual Cirque shows but that's not a bad thing. Fun music, great performers. . my only dislike is the fact that despite purchasing tickets earlier and told to pick up at 'will call', you still have to wait in the long line to get your tickets as there is not a booth designated as "will call."
I have to cavort the four stars with the statement that I really had a bad headache that night so it could have gotten the five stars if I was feeling better.  I have seen O so had some concept of what we were about to see but I think this one might have been better then O (It has been a while since I went to O).  We had seats at the top row, and if I go back I think I want something a little closer. The stage (pool) is in the center with the seats setup 360 degrees so every seat is great.  Ours had a TV screen showing behind the scenes action which was nice but we were right next to a sound booth which blocked the view some.  I think a better seat would be close to the center of the rows and half way down.. . The show has some really great music and was telling a story that I enjoyed.  There is some repetition of action between acts but they story has a good pace so it was fun to watch.  Lots of flying around, diving, and dancing.  It is hard to do much more then that in these shows.
There is a French proverb that says, "Hope is the dream of a soul awake.". . Le Reve is as the name says... the dream. It is fantasy and humor, love and sex and passion, tentative confidence, ego, envy, jealousy, sublime happiness and, most of all, hope.. . Amazing lighting effects, a mostly fantastic theater, and mostly beautiful music (I actually want to find the soundtrack, I need to go back to the company store and see what I can find).. . This was overshadowed (in a good way) by the fantastic acrobatics, creative dance/swim/light/dive combinations. Fire, fire, fire! Loved how they handled that inclusion, and with a water theater, I found it to be very creative!. . For me, there was a little too much on the jazz hands portions - minor, overall, but they made me feel like the show was trying too hard to offer a little something for everyone.. . The costumes, the evolving characters, and the story follow along a fairly tight line; there is a continuity that could often be lost in so much theatrics, but Le Reve did well to keep it on task and on track. The show was expertly evocative of feeling, gasps of delight, and oh-my-god-look-at-that-guy-fall!. . The theater is not made for anyone taller than 5'4" tall (I am 5'9" without my fave 4" heels...) so there was no leg room to speak of. Arriving a few minutes early was necessary to get our middle-of-the-row seats and not topple ourselves or others trying to scramble through. HOWEVER... once you are seated and as comfortable as your height will allow, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. The main event being the center of the theater, of course, there are also goings-on around three or four points in the theater. Little extras, mischief, dance numbers and stunts can be seen from everywhere in the place.. . Overall a fun show, a lot of smiles, and a bit of dreamy happiness.
Really good show.  The production value was great.  The acrobatics and such were good, but not as awesome as cirque shows.. . the theatre is wonderful.  There's not rally a bad seat in the house.  The first couple rows might get a little bit of water splash, but it didn't look severe.  definitely worth seeing.
Incredible visual show.  I loved the arena seating.  The further you sit back the better.  It makes no sense story wise but it makes up for in spectacle.  I would say this is a must see if you are in vegas.  The production value is off the charts.  If you really feel like spending the money you can by the top seats that have the plasma screens.  Those show all of the action that is going on under the water.
I've yet to see 'O', so I can't really compare this show to the other Vegas water show. However, I did definitely enjoy myself and the water added an interesting element.. . First of all, the theater is fantastic. It is quitesmall and done "in the round". There literally is not a bad spot in the house. And it is unique in that I don't know of another Vegas show that is 360.. . The storyline is all a little fuzzy and the music very much leaves something to be desired. And, ok, the acrobatics aren't really different from any of the Cirque shows. . . That said, though, the swimming elements, the acrobatics into the water, the things popping up from and going down in the water, the streams of water as people rise up from the water, etc. is really fantastic.. . And unlike some other shows, it isn't too long. At 75 minutes, it's kind of the perfect length.. . Bonus / Tip: They DO offer a locals discount!
Amazing set, the performers do things that are just mind blowing. I couldn't really follow the entire story, but got the gist of it. The story line isn't why you go anyway. Overall enjoyable experience.
When I first moved here 6 years ago, this was the very first show I saw. I was in complete awe.  I loved the small theater, the acrobatics, and artistry.  I thought, "If every show is like this, I can see why Vegas is the Entertainment Capital of the world!" . . I had never seen anything like it.  It was exhilarating, thought provoking, and scary at times.. . I've seen other Vegas shows since then, and none of them have quite matched the splendor I got from La Reve. Maybe it's just because it was my first show and so everything was amazing to me, but La Reve holds a special place in my heart and I always recommend it.
Very very entertaining! Lots and lots to see, be sure you are seated at least three rows from the front as you will be tilting your head back to view acrobatics all night. However the theater is not that big so don't feel the need to spring for crazy expensive or high seats. The story can be a little difficult to follow so be sure you are paying attention, no one really speaks. The performers are incredible! Definitely worth seeing, a clean show with lots of entertainment and excitement!
This was my first water show in Vegas! It was not what I was expecting, but in a good way. We sat higher up away from the splash zone (which I appreciated because I didn't want to get wet). This show had more of a plot than some of the Cirque du Soleil shows and the stunts were pretty cool. Definitely not one to miss!
Had heard so many great things about Le Reve, that we decided this trip we would make it a point to see this show.  A word of caution about getting your tickets - buying over the web doesn't seem to give you much choice in your seating.  I found that calling the box office connected me to a person who gave me lots of helpful information, and allowed us to choose the exact 2 seats that we would be getting.. . The show is a mix of dancing, synchronized swimming and aerial stunts.  There are no obstructed views and there really isn't a bad seat in the house, so it's just a question of doing you like being close to the performers, or being able to see the whole thing from farther away.  The stage is also extremely interesting - sometimes it's dry, sometimes the performers are ankle deep in water, and sometimes they are doing dives from 30 or 40 feet up.  There are also some really amazing tricks, and if you saw the guy who does the air walk with the street lamp, then you know exactly what I mean!. .   It's a minor complaint, but If there's one thing that I found difficult, it was that at some parts of the show there were so many things going on that it was hard to know where to concentrate one's attention.  There was a pretty cool move where the girls did some kind of jump or basket throw, but I only saw the catch at the end, because I wasn't looking at the right location on stage.  . .    There are some humorous skits sprinkled in, and overall I thought it was an amazing show.  The closer you sit to the stage, the more you will have to look up.  Knowing what I know now, I would pick the seats farthest away from the stage, because it allows you to watch all of the action.
The show was impressive but the storyline was a bit foggy. Throughout the show I was hypnotize by how talented the performers are/ Towards the end the performers did a zumba number (dancing) and it simply seemed out of place.
Even though LE REVE is not a Cirque du Solei show, it certainly felt like one.  It had the usual acrobatics & dancing, but what interested me the most was the water stuff - diving, synchronized swimming, etc.. . I guess the only thing that set LE REVE and other Cirque du Solei performances is that this performance is held in a much smaller theater.  I personally loved the circular theater because there is no "Bad" seats.  However, you might want to stay away from a first few rows of the theaters because you might get "splash".  Personally, I like staying dry while I sip on my drink and enjoy the performance.. . Overall, I loved this show and would recommend it to my friends.
Very entertaining show! You have your moments where you think to yourself "they aren't really going to do that, are they???". . Based on a recommendation, my friend and I decided to see Le Reve instead of "O." (Still hoping to see "O" the next time I'm in Vegas). . . Le Reve has your typical acrobatic stunts but instead of performing on adry stage full, stunts are performed in the/with water. Plenty of synchronized swimming, which I am not much of a fan of, so I thought those parts of the performance lost my interest. The diving and flipping in the air from ridiculous heights made the show very entertaining and showed off each individuals acrobatic skills. The story is a bit confusing, and was almost like a 'Alice in Wonderland' type adventure. . . Next stop, "O.". . BTW there are concession stands by the front lobby, but there isn't much to choose from. =T
My unbiased rating is 4 stars but my biased rating would be somewhere around 2.5-3 stars.. . I've never been interested in watching a cirque de soleil show and this is my first one.  It had a lot less backflips and crazy acrobatics then i expected....much more interpretive dancing type stuff.   Either way the stuff these guys and gals do are very impressive and i'm sure anyone that is a fan of these types of shows would enjoy Le Reve.. . Personally i would never pay the 100+ dollars to watch these shows but we got free tickets so yay!
This show is beautiful!  It has stunning acrobatics that unfold into beautiful imagery.  I sat a row or two back from the splash zone and was fine.  I would suggest avoiding the first few rows or wear something you dont mind getting wet.
There's a reason why tickets to Le Reve are hard to come by. It's a smaller, more intimate production with high flying, deep diving, song and dance routines that take you on a whimsical journey through the protagonist's dream. . . The show was sold out when we wanted to see it but through our wonderful concierge at The Cosmopolitan, we were able to secure tickets. Good ones too. The show is similar to other Cirque du Soleil numbers although unlike Cirque productions, English is the predominant language here. Le Reve does a magnificent job at combining high wires, divers, synchronized swimmers, dancers, and more into a seamless production. Some of the stunts are just breathtaking. One in particular will literally stop your heartbeat for a second or two. I'm sure you'll know what I'm talking about when you see it. It's just magnificent to see almost the entire cast descending down into the auditorium like cherubs flying from the heavens. It's gorgeous. For me though, the high points at Le Reve were the ingenious use of fabric.  . . If there's a knock on the show then I would admit that the narrative is a little disjointed but since it takes place in a dreamscape, conjoined narratives don't matter as much do they? Still for a great show that turns aquatic sports into performance art, Le Reve is a great show to watch in Vegas.
Beautiful, artful, acrobatic, graceful.. . This Las Vegas show tells a story, incorporates salsa dancing, acrobats, divers, synchronized swimmers, crazy stunts, and beautiful water, lights, and effects.  The performers are truly talented and they're all very fit and muscular too.. . What made Le Reve very entertaining was how the stunts were done with water and up the ceiling in the air - it was as if they were angels from heaven that could do the splits. Some stunts/acts you think to yourself . . "They're not REALLY gonna do that.. are they..?!?!". . "Holy crap they're strong". . "Nice legs." No really, all the women had nice legs. And I'm straight. Just sayin.. . The only thing was the story was a bit confusing, my boyfriend and I thought the show was nice with crazy stunts but couldn't quite capture the whole story, other than there's a good and evil and the protagonist is in a dream. . . The auditorium is circular and any seat in the house is a good view for the show, but the higher up, the better view to see everything, and the most expensive. Vegas.com was $115.50 for the middle aisles on the Saturday night show, but we ended up buying them at the Wynn which were more expensive, about $125.  2 tickets plus tax making them $300! =X It was our first Vegas show, so was it worth it? I'd say so, it was a good show but man is that expensive for a 90 minute show. But hey, it's Vegas and in the Wynn. Would we see it again? Meh, we'll prob save the money for another. (I hear the "O" show is the best!) But yes, I would still recommend watching Le Reve while you're in Vegas. Don't think, just do. You're in VEGAS!!! ;)
Great show! I loved it more when it first opened.
My first experience with this type of show - its was overwhelming to say the least.. . There was so much to take in - the music, lights, characters, divings, acrobatics.... . Hope to get the opportunity to see it again later in the year!!!
Im glad I watched it. I wouldn't go back. I think I would try something new. It was amazing! The entertainers were at their best. There was stuff going on everywhere. The stuff they did was unbelievable! Remarkable.
Show: 5/5 GREAT GREAT GREAT show, if your looking for a show with magic, trapeze artist, actors, synchronized swimmers & more. This is a great show for all ages. GREAT interpenetration of demons, angels, & how a women finds the courage to love. GREAT SHOW. . Ticket Price: 3/5 $105 Splash zone $129 Premium seating $155 Dream seating $195 VIP indulge seating. Pretty pricey for a show that's only about 90 minutes I actually thought it was 2 hrs. BUT I was discounted on my tickets so I was a happy camper.. . Stage: 5/5 Really there's no bad seat unless you get the splash zone, during my show people didn't really get splashed but there were times they were close to. BUT even if you get the splash zone seats the they're really in your face you really feel part of the show. So there's pro's and cons.. . TIPS: . - For $50 OFF your ticket price find a local Vegan and go to Wynn and buy the tickets there.. - The theater guides aren't always correct (gave me wrong directions ended up walking around the whole stage looking for my seats in HEELS!). - Try not sitting in the in the H row, I felt like there was always 1 light beaming on my face blinding me.
my first Vegas show! .. so maybe my review is a little biased based on that but I had a really great time.. . My boyfriend got the VIP special - big cushion seats, champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and chocolates.. pretty girl to pour our champagne. . . I thought the show had great dancing and some cool acrobatics.. however it might have lacked a clear story line. I left asking myself "wait.. what was that about? a dream? I don't get it..". . But the music, lights and performers coming from all over the place really made it cool. I definitely would recommend going to see the show. Some people are giving it 1 or 2 stars and I really don't think the show deserves that bad of ratings :(. . I also looked at a lot of reviews trying to see what people dress like at shows because I had never been... . So here's a *TIP: A lot of people dress up for shows.. nothing too crazy but they look like they're going somewhere. I saw some girls in clubbing attire (a little too much) and some girls in jeans and sandals (not enough).
The stuff of dreams.  I was very impressed with this show--from the dancing, to the acrobatics, to the water ballet.  Most delightful, for me, were the synchronized swimmers and the crazy aerial stunts (I caught myself gasping several times!). A visual feast for the eyes, especially the ending sequence, as you can see from the photos. The venue is also well structured, with no seat further than 40 feet away from the stage.. . The only thing I didn't like was the music (too cheesy) and some of the scenes (a dangling bed? I suppose that's relevant considering the plot seems to be about a dubious virgin who is scared to accept a marriage proposal and commit to sleeping with just one man). Nonetheless, it is overall a thoughtfully choreographed show that is entertaining and unique in its usage of water. If you have never seen it before and seek a departure from the usual Cirque du Soleil fare, I highly recommend La Reve.
Did you know that "Le Reve" is French for "chiseled abs"?. . Okay, well... maybe I made that up.  But, based on the physiques of the boys and girls who perform in the resident show at the Wynn, I wouldn't blame you for thinking so.. . Le Reve is a wild show in a beautiful setting.  The theater is small and intimate (by Vegas standards), and the seating is in the round, so there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The show is an extravaganza of aquatic and aerial acrobatics mixed with some magic tricks and ballroom dancing.  Warning -- the first two rows are the splash zone.  If you want to avoid being doused in that fragrant combo of chlorine and hunk-sweat, then I recommend sitting further back, but where's the fun in that?. . It's a Vegas show, so don't expect much of a plot.  (The creator is Franco Dragone, who happens to be a Cirque du Soleil protege, which should tell you all you need to know about his stylistic approach.)  As far as I can tell, Le Reve is aboutsome girl who spurns the advances of her suitor, takes a nap on a park bench, has a trippy hour-long dream filled with abstract images about lust and desire, wakes up, and decides to be with her suitor after all.. . But, really -- who cares about the plot?  Le Reve is all about the bling.  The stage is a 30-foot-deep pool, and eye-popping hydraulic platforms raise and lower throughout.  The lights are colorful and strobing, the music is loud, and the acrobatics will make your head spin.  If you aren't entertained by this, then you must be dead or something.. . Vegas shows aren't exactly known for their value, but this one is especially steep.  We were lucky enough to have a discount coupon, but standard tickets retail for $129 + service fee + tax.  The show is only ~75 minutes long, so that comes down to almost $2/minute of entertainment.  (There's also a deluxe package involving premium seats, chocolates, and champagne, but it was way too rich for our blood.). . Is Le Reve worth it?  You'll have to see it for yourself to decide.
Very visually beautiful show, there was so much to look at sometimes it was difficult to know where to actually look!  Still not 100% sure what it was about, but enjoyed it very much.  . . And Tito, thanks for the heavy hand on the chardonnay!
This was the 3rd occasion I saw Le Reve and it's still an amazing performance.. . Each showing was different, I believe they change their format every 6 months. Having seen "O" at the Bellagio, I'd recommend anyone desiring a great Vegas show to see Le Reve. They used to give a much better local discount, now I believe it's $50 off each ticket. Bummer.. . It's not a typical show. Very much "outside the box." Definitely for adults, a bit risque, and powerful. There's swimming, acrobats, dancing, gymnastic moves, etc, all choreographed to great music to illustrate a story. . . I was a tad disappointed because they did take out one of my favorite parts they had the first two times I went, but overall, my friends and I were still entertained immensely with the show!. . Unless you want seats with champagne service, you can't go wrong with any seats. The theatre is stadium-seating and circular, looking down at the stage. I'd probably just not pick the first couple of rows. Splash zone.. . If you're undecided about a show to see in town, and Le Reve is one you're considering, I'd highly suggest picking this one.
I really live the intimate setting and the choreography was amazing.  I really liked the story line.  Amazing performers...they were all over the place.  My favorite part of the show were the diving techniques.  Amazing heights and spins.  The mechanical stages were also impressive.  How deep is that water?!?!  Glad we went!
Water/Air show developed by someone who used to work for Cirque de Sole but put his own spin on it (I've heard it's much better than all the other Cirque de Sole productions).. . Excellent, multi -faceted entertainment including; swimmers, acrobats, dancers, actors, & comedians.. . So well worth the money.. . Have not been so entertained as this night in a long, long time.. . Sat in the front row and felt as if we were a part of the show They discount the first two rows due to a light splash as a result of being so close to the stage.
I am not a fan of "Cirque" type entertainment. When i saw the fact that this show incorporates water it peaked my interest!.  It was a truly breath taking experience! I have tried to explain this show to a couple of people since and have been unable to do it any justice. My only complaints aren't with the actual show as much as location and personnel issues. I found the staff at the ticketing  desk curt. The woman I was working with seemed to be annoyed when i asked her what it meant to be sitting in the "splash zone". Having been to Sea World, i wanted to know if a poncho was necessary! The tickets are also very expensive over $100 for the previously mentioned splash zone and they go up from there. Being that I am not a Vegas show aficionado, this may just be the standard price of admission, but felt like a lot even after the show. Also, the staff of the theatre had to continuously flash their lights and call-out people trying to take photos or video. The first couple of times I got it, but it  really started to get annoying. This was a great once in a lifetime experience, but I don't think I would pay their asking prices to see the same show more than once, even if it was that good.
Well worth the time and $$.. Great theater setup, not a bad seat in the house.. One of the better cirque shows in LV.
This is an incredible show.  I totally agree with some of the previous ratings about there is not a bad seat in the stadium.  The water synchronized dance was superb!  . . The dives into the pool was intriguing and scary at the same time.  I was exhausted seeing the dance, dives, and swimming.  It was well worth the money spent.  The Wynn Resort was fabulous...
Nice Show but maybe cause I've seen so many Cirque shows, they're getting to be all the same to me.. . Beautiful stage. Very intimate. Comfortable seating. Pretty much a great view from anywhere you're sitting since it's a 360 stage and small.. . Luckily our tickets were free cause I don't think I'll pay retail for them which was $117/per ticket I think.
Two premium seats for Le Reve were part of our package when we stayed at Encore during our last Vegas trip. I had seen Cirque du Soleil's Totem production last December and was not terribly impressed, so my expectations were somewhat low for this show and I kept getting mixed reviews from friends that had seen it. It seemed that either they loved it or hated it. Keeping an open mind, I was excited to be doing something other than playing BlackJack or clubbing for the evening. . . Me and the man got dressed up and walked over to the theatre when the doors opened up. They have a concession stand with fresh popcorn, movie-style candy, soda, and beer and wine - yay for drinking during a show! We settled into our cushy seats with a big bucket of buttered popcorn and two Blue Moons. The gigantic, colorful drape across the ceiling of the dome theatre looked beautiful and set the tone for the mesmerizing show we were about to experience.. . The acts were very varied, the costumes fun and eccentric, the acrobats looked stunning (tried to convince my boyfriend to take up gymnastics after the show with no success...), and the water element really elevated the performance to the next level. I was glad to not be sitting a few rows closer, it looked like the people seated there got to partake in some splashing every so often. . . The story line was a bit tough to follow at times and I simply enjoyed the breathtaking stunts and dance choreographies rather than trying to interpret the meaning behind the acts. It was truly a dreamy show throughout and enhanced by beautiful music and lighting effects. I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a visually pleasing performance that will whisk you away into a different world for a couple of hours.. . PS: A note to the annoying large group of South Americans in front of us - no cameras means no cameras. I did not appreciate that an usher had to keep flying up and down the aisles we were seated during the show in order to get you to abide by the rules. The flashes can harm the acrobats' performances and put them at risk - any child can understand this. There were signs by the entrance in several languages, so pretending to not understand "No camera" just doesn't cut it. Also, please shut up next time when a show starts and get your beers beforehand! Thank you.
One part acrobatics, one part synchronized swimming, some comedy thrown into the mix, all of course with fancy lighting and visual effects and you have the performance known as Le Reve.  Hoping to attend at least one show while in Vegas, my friend and I purchased tickets to a recent 9:30 performance.  I'd seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows in the past and used those experiences as my baseline expectations of this show.. . Unlike previous Cirque (I know they're not run by the same folks) shows I've seen Le Reve did not seem to have as many acrobatic elements in it as I was expecting.  Perhaps it was because the whole performance takes place essentially in water but I figured there'd be a ton of death defying stunts when there really wasn't.  The storyline was easy to follow and performers clearly put a ton of effort/dedication into the show.  . . Despite the great performances by the actors and amazing visual effects I'd say that the most memorable part of the show was when an errant pigeon (released as a part of the show) could not locate the cage it was supposed to go to.  Instead the misguided pigeon flew straight into an unsuspecting lady in the audience and who was clearly startled and screamed.. . Seating in the arena is set in a circular pattern around the stage so I can't imagine that there'd be a "bad" seat anywhere.   The performers also seemed to be mindful of circular design and made sure that you could tell what was going on no matter what your vantage point was.  Although I really did enjoy watching Le Reve and wouldrecommend it to others, I do believe that the price of $120/ticket was a little steep IMHO.
Great show.  Amazing stunts.  Much better than other shows I've seen in Vegas.  The seats are all good too.  I would recommend to anyone who like Cirque de Soleil type shows.
very simple story but the stage is absolutely beautiful !!! We enjoyed the show and the performance were great!
Great intimate show! Very talented people especially the beautiful leading lady. Every seat in the house is fine, I sat in the center F section. This is worth seeing even if you've seen the O show. It's a different feel in an intimate setting.
I am very glad I chose this over the Cirque shows. The only Cirque show worth seeing imo is Beatles Love. Le reve was pretty visually amazing. Just the venue itself, before the show even starts, was breathtaking! I have never seen so many people take pics of just a venue! You are immediately memorized and blown away by how gorgeous and fantasy like it is. The entire "stage" is water and it's covered in blue mist. . No worries about the so called "splash zone" as we were 3 rows from the water and didn't get so much as a sprinkle on us. I watched those in the front rows and they did not either. Save money and boy tix in the splash zone. They can't get the floor took wet or there would be tons of lawsuits anyhow.. The show it self starts out super doper cheesy. I really did not need a show that was 99% fantasy driven to start out like it did. I didn't need a plot, honestly. It ruined elements of it for me. There were also many unneeded characters which added absolutely nothing to the theme and feel of this show. The guys dressed in white tux's made no sens and were just silly and the joker character who was a total pathetic spineless wimp, useless. This show should just be 100% breathtaking and beautiful with no "comic relief". They should save those hokey elements for other shows with less class. . I would not see this again because of that, but would recommend that others see it once. It is worth seeing.
I have seen a few Cirque shows, including recently seeing Love, and I will say that this show delivers some amazing aqua-acrobatics. The theater is intimate and the seating is limited, so I would highly recommend trying to get seats in the premier section and if you are willing to risk it, I would save some cash and use one of the same day ticket places available on the Strip. . . The story is a little lacking, but I go to these shows for the music and the acrobatics and the tricks they performed were amazing and the music was LIVE! Now comparing the music to Love, this show did not quite use the music to carry the story as well, but I spent most of the show believing they could not possibly top the last trick they performed... and then they topped it! That aspect made the show worth the price of admission.
I wasn't sure what to expect before I saw this show other than I had heard it was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil so I wasn't sure I would think about a similar type of show. All I can say is WOW!!! And HOW THE???. . It was such a beautiful show. Also loved that the music was live. The songs fit perfectly with the acts. It was about 80 minutes, which was perfect for my attention span. Any longer and I might have started to settle in deeper to my seat. My husband and I will probably still be arguing about what we thought it all meant. Lots of eye candy! Recommend for anyone looking for a show worth their money.
Le Reve, which means  "The Dream" in French. I am still trying to figure out if the current show is a dream or a nightmare!. . I originally loved the show Le Reve, before Steve Wynn purchased the rights from Franco Dragone. Dragone is famous for producing  shows like " O " ( NUMBER 1 favorite on my list) , Mystere, Quidam, and La Nouba.. . I've watched Le Reve about 50-60 times during the time Dragone was in charge.. . Currently, now the show's rights is owned by Wynn. He made plenty of changes to the show and I am not that big of a fan. I really didn't like the fact how put a lot of Salsa and Dance to the production, To me it did not make any sense at all.. . There were a few changes that I liked. For instance, the Acrobatic Rotating Cube Act, I thought it was amazing how they made their entrance.. . The beginning entrance was awesome as well. I loved how the entire canopy floated away right when it started. . . Some things were the same such as their number called " The Tree". The tree rotates on water while you had acrobats doing flips in the air with the tree.. . I wouldn't bring my kids to this show because I felt this was aimed for adults. With all the intimacy between a man and a woman and their Fountain Routine, it is too much for an 8 year old to be watching.. . I am still giving this a 4 star because, overall  I love the production, and the concept of the stage. I love how every seat  is a good seat. The stage is in the center. Every seat has a view of everything. There is not seat  more than  40ft away from the stage.  . . What amazes me most is the stage how it is very diverse and can transform into water, land,  huge fountains, swinging mechanism, it was just amazing. They even  had an act where there was fire on water!  Truly amazing  how a stage has so much character.. . I just hope Wynn makes some changes to this show and get rid of the Salsa and Dancing and keep all the features, of the first original show he had when Le Reve first opened.. . A lot of my friends did not like Le Reve. As for myself I am still a fan and I will watch this show again to see if Wynn made any changes to it.
For the show that's not a Cirque but you'll swear it is, we enjoyed our night at Le Reve. . Promoting itself as being the most expensive production night of entertainment & getting all kinds of locals' accolades, we had high expectations for our show. . We had VIP seats which included Sparkling Wine, Chocolate Truffles & TV monitors to see "behind the scenes footage".  Couldn't really see much of the "behind the scenes" action & for me, the story was a bit hard to follow but I think I got the gist of it - a girl gets separated from her beau & is magically transported to this mystical world where people are raised out of the water on ropes or trapezes & then fall back in from very high heights.  At some point, the 2 lovers are reunited, end of story. . Only downer for the evening was w/ our tickets.  I was promised when I made the reservation that all our seats were together but come to find out they weren't.  There was an aisle separating BF & me from the rest of our wedding party & I had specifically asked if all our seats were beside each other & was advised yes so BOO for setting false expectations.....and for future reference, having a huge aisle between you & your party is NOT all sitting together. . But regardless, the seats were plush & very comfy & it was really nice to find our flutes constantly at the full level w/ our Perrier Jouet.  Truffles were delish & it was an enjoyable evening overall - we were fans!
One of my favorite shows in Vegas, second only to Ka. The production is beautifully-crafted and very entertaining. It's one of those shows that's like Cirque du Soliel, but sure seems like it is (and for good reason).. . The fact that it's done in a round stage means that there are plenty of great seats, and the show has lots of stuff going on all around you, so there is never time to feel bored or uninterested.. . Don't go here if you don't like abstract, sometimes surrealistic, art. But then, I doubt you'd really appreciate any type of show like this anyway.
Probably the best show we've seen so far! It's really worth it, nice theater built especially for this and the show is amazing! Try to not seat in the first 3 rows, you'll get wet. You can get drinks and popcorn, but they are pretty expensive.
We came to the 7 PM show on a Monday night, and the place was half-full. The show started a few minutes late. Once it got going, though, it was a pretty nice show.. . The theater itself was nice and intimate, with seating all round the stage. We sat in the 6th row, but honestly, there isn't a bad seat in the house. The lighting, music, and performers were incredible. I have not seen any other Cirque-type shows, so I can't compare (the gf liked O better), but I would definitely recmmend checking out Le Reve at the Wynn if you get the chance.
So, I am planning my next trip to Vegas which I leave for next week, and I stumbled upon Le Reve on Yelp. I saw this show last time I was there - April '11, and I still remember it like it happened yesterday. The thing is, I haven't seen any other shows in Vegas, nor am I familiar with Cirque Du Soleil, but this was one of the best things I have ever seen in my life. . . I was a bit confused as in what this show represents, or if there was a story behind it. If I knew that Le Reve meant "The Dream", it would have made a lot more sense to me in the beginning. You know how you can make up anything possible in your dreams, as crazy or amazing, or even scary? Well, that's how I felt watching this show. I was in absolute awe the entire time... I could not believe my own eyes! The music, the special effects, the acrobatics, and the lighting just kept getting better and better throughout the entire show! I was thinking to myself... how is it even possible for all of this to be happening! . . The Wynn Theater is beautiful, and because the stage is designed around a circular pool, there are no bad seats in there. I heard it was one of the more expensive shows in Vegas, not sure if that's true or not, but you def get what you pay for. I know we bought them on-line while we were still in Chicago for a somewhat cheaper price, so there are discounts available if you look close enough.. . We had a nice dinner at a cafe in the hotel beforehand, and had some time to kill before the show started, so we never felt too rushed. It was a gift for my dad's 60th birthday and we all had an amazing time during the show. I highly recommend this to anyone I talk to about Vegas, and I am even thinking about seeing it again next week with my boyfriend.
This show was amazing...Le Reve is a jaw dropping show that will certainly have your attention for sure.. . If you like acrobatics and swimming then this show is definitely for you.. . The sitting arrangements are great.   ( you will not be disappointed ). . The dancers are amazing to the point where you will not even want to go to the bathroom because you will afraid t that you missed something ( which will probably happen because there isn't a dull moment in Le Reve)
Sort of burned out with the same old same old cirque shows, but after a long break of not seeing any for a while, I thought it was fresh and good. Created by one of the O show people, owned by Wynn,  it was a bit different than Cirque du Soleil's style, which I liked. It was way better than cheesy easy dance shows by Cirque du Soleil, such as Love. . . This show will definitely give WOW to the first the viewers of any cirque type show.  Some of the performance was very dangerous and made me nervous. . . For those who have to pay the full ticket price, I would recommend cheaper seats. The theater is a full circle and relatively small, so everyone gets a full view without obstruction. Also to see everything at one sight, I thought the farther and upper seats would've been better. I found myself missing the actions in corners when there are so many things going on at a time.
Very good show. My love and I enjoyed the show.
This show has a little of everything. Acrobatics, water, magic, and special effects. Some of the acrobatics are definitely amazing. I was entertained the entire time. There's only one weakness, which is the storyline, but so are most shows with this much acrobatics. All the seats will get a good viewing, but the end of the rows may have minor view obstruction, though it was cool sometimes to see them up or down the aisle really close. The front row is also not ideal as there's splash/mist, and sometimes the acrobats drop down and it may require more head strain to watch. Perhaps the middle rows/ middle seats are the sweet spot between detail and field of view?
I really enjoyed watching the performers do their thing. I was really entertained.We sat pretty close to the front and I was worried at first about getting splashed on but we all stayed dried. At times you can feel a little bit of humidity but that is totally fine.. The performers were awesome. I was oohing and aahing the whole time! Great show, totally worth the money.. I'm happy we got to fit some time in to watch this show.
This is a beautiful show. I don't ever really know what the heck is going on in Cirque shows, but the performers are so incredibly talented I don't really care. . . Beautiful people, incredible performers. Check this show out!
Visually beautiful performance on a water stage.  Intimate venue and I, personally, would recommend mid to upper seats.  No matter where you sit though, you won't be more than 40-50 feet from the stage.  . . Cirque du Soleil seems to feature more breathtaking human stunts than this show but it is still quite impressive, nonetheless.
Acrobatics. Aerial. Aquatics. Clones. Costumes. Lights. Vegas. Waterworks
This is quite a show!!  The theater itself is truly beautiful... I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  I'll be honest, I found the actual story hard to follow... but who cares?  The acrobatics and aerial action were amazing!!  There is so much to see...the show just seems to fly by.  Lots of really fit people swinging around together all wet... not bad at all!
20 stars for pure athleticism!!!! Amazing athletic cast in this unique water show.. . THERE IS NO BAD SEAT IN THIS INTIMATE WYNN THEATER....so know this when booking tix. I found the storyline bit difficult to follow, and at certain points, was downright confused.. . I think this show is more about the effects, all the wonderful movable stage and water stunts and acrobats of the performers.. . Doesnt hurt that the Eurasian looking main character is so stunning, I'm sure.. . But little me, keep comparing mentally to Cirque, as i have been blessed enough to see a fair number of productions. The live music is so much better there, and I find the overall choreography and costuming also better with Cirque.. . The synchronized swimmingacts were heady. The ghoulish warrior devil-like dudes in and out of the cenote-looking well held me for only a bit of time.. . Love anything aerial, but did not comprehend the freaky, horror-show like blowup dolls. HUH??!?!. . Splash zone are first 3-4 rows!. . PS gave me pause to realize that real time, as I was attending this show, the horrific accident was occurring at MGM's KA----that, by the way, is my very favorite Cirque show, next to O.
This was a good show and especially for being in the water. There was always something entertaining going on. Good show to bring your family but not the best show I have seen in Vegas. The story line was a bit strange. Any seat in the theater is good and the splash zone maybe will get a few drops of water on you. Overall I would recommend this show.
I honestly havent beenbtoo many shows in vegas but this is easily the best one ive seen. The venue was alot smaller than I thought it would be any practically any seat is great due to the way the show is set up. I would easily recommend it to anyone
Are you a Las Vegas local?? Call the box office first and ask if there's a local's discount! Great deal vs the online price. The theater is smaller and more intimate. Not as big as some of the Cirque theaters that I've seen. Their use of the water was very creative. Main points:. -Price: $86/tickets with locals discount + Fees and tax. -Show length: 1 hour and 15 mins. -Cool: You can take pictures throughout the show with no flash. -Kinda eh: The tricks weren't as elaborate or daring as I've seen at the Cirque shows, but it was overall entertaining. -Seats: There really aren't any bad seat in the house. The theater is circular so the show can be enjoyed at any view. Maybe I wouldn't recommend sitting in the very front row due to risk of getting wet!!
Le Reve -The Dream is a wonderful compilation of amazing athleticism & acrobatic feats, fun choreography and an easy to follow story-line. . . My husband & I went to the 9:30 showing and the doors opened a few minutes before 9 pm. We were promptly shuffled into the inner lobby & concession  area where it quickly became crowded, stuffy and uncomfortable. So, after what seemed to be an extended time waiting in the lobby the doors finally opened.  As we walked into the main theater area we were very pleased to see that it was a theater in-the-round with a large pool of shimmering water in the center.  It's a very intimate theater with the stage in the center of the water that is submerged or elevated depending on the scene.  We were delighted to be so close to the performer while still being able to take in all the activity not only center stage but throughout the theater. The performers were animated, and the choreography visually mesmerizing - it was absolutely captivating & thoroughly enjoyable.
Truly amazing show, and I feel redundant to repeat what most yelpers have to say. I'm a monster Cirque fan, and have seen most of the shows, so I was excited to see this one since Franco Dragone directed this production also. (Franco directed both O and Mystere) . . I love that this theater is arranged so well, there simply isn't a bad seat in the house. Unless you love champagne, and realize after you're seated there are seats towards the back that serve you champagne --- then you might consider your champagne-less seat, well .... bad. . . The choreography, the stunts, the entire show was truly breathtaking ... perhaps my age is catching up with me, but at times the show was overwhelming. At a few points during the show I felt I was on sensory overload and had no idea what I was supposed to concentrate on. Overall it was fantastic, and a great show to see when in Vegas.
I went over Christmas 2012 and had a fantastic time. All the seats provide excellent views of the show, and discount tix can be obtained at 1/2 Price ticket outlets . Very much a Cirque show , but without the monicker. I heard that the show was revamped from its' original version due to Mr. Wynn's disatisfaction. Anything with his name on it is first rate, and worth the chance. Although this would not be my first choice in Vegas shows, it does crack the top 5. I would classify it as a cross between "O" and Mystere (since their is a storyline).
What a beautiful show! It's not just a show, it's more like an art. I was expecting this show to be similar to cirque de soleil, but it was bit different. But what a beautiful and artistic show. The whole stage set up was amazing and the choreography and stunts were so detailed. It is sure worth the money I spent. My fiance and I enjoy it every moment of the show. But why only four star? I wanted to see more stunts, but again I was expecting cirque de soleil style.
Good but so much going on. To much dancing for my taste. Costumes are nice and you have a very good view from wherever you sit. Would I watch it again? Ahhh don't think so. O show & Mystere are still #1 on my list.
