Nice and modern hotel in Vegas where you don't have to go through busy, noisy casino to get to your room!. . It also comes with small kitchen which is good for a bit longer stay.
We stayed at Vdara for my birthday weekend.. . Check-in was smooth from the get go.  Our bags were taken by the bellmen.  The front desk clerk was friendly, and can I just say that the lobby area smells amazing!?  I don't know what they put in the air, but it is great.. . Our bags beat us to our room as the bellmen was waiting for us when we got there.  He then proceeded to show us around our suite and answer any question I had.  We had the panoramic suite and the view was amazing.  Overall, the room was great.  Full kitchen, w/d, USB media center to plug in your iPods and other gadgets for charging.  Great his and her robes and slippers.  Outstanding Aveda products to use throughout the bathroom.. . Here are my few complaints.  The layout of the electrical switches was terrible.  They were all over the place and not where you would expect.  And when you have a panoramic view suite, you have a lot of windows which equals a lot of shades and blackout curtains to get down.  We were all over the place trying to get that handled.  In addition there is one switch for a the mirror lights, and the mirror is on two sides in the bathroom.  Just inconvenient.   If anyone knows the study of Human Factors, you know it was definitely not considered when designing this room.  Second, there is no door to the toilet area.  The bathroom is a very open concept, which I am cool with, but as much as I love my boyfriend, I don't want to watch him go to the bathroom while I am in the closet or doing my make-up.  Third, the table and cabinets in the kitchen  were already showing wear.  This hotel is pretty new and that surprised me.  . . Overall, the suite, view, and service was amazing.  Its definitely a great location and nice to have the option of a non-gambling, non-smoking hotel in the heart of the strip.  See a separate review for the spa.
I haven't been to Vegas for years and the last time I was there, CityCenter was just being built.  So, I wanted to stay around CityCenter so I can check it out.  I was debating between Aria and Vdara but ended up booking at Vdara because Hotwire had a good rate for the place.  Overall, we enjoyed our stay.  . . Pros - Nice looking hotel.  Ambience is nice.  Smells nice!  No smoke!  The rooms are roomy, but smaller than I expected.  The furniture is contemporary looking.  The bed is comfortable and there's a little sheet of paper that said you can actually buy these beds, which cost like $2000 for a King Sized bed.  Hmm...I don't know if they were that comfortable.. . Cons - Long wait at check-in.  We arrived around 10pm after a long drive and we had to wait behind multiple people because Vdara only had ONE person checking in guests.  Valet only parking, which is free - just tip the valet.  VERY LOW shower water pressure!  The water was barely dripping out of the showerhead.  . . There is a free monorail shuttle next to the lobby that connects Vdara to Crystals(the shopping center), Bellagio, Aria and Monte Carlo which is convenient.  . My wife used the spa facility which she said was very nice.  . . Overall, it is a good hotel, but I think if I were to stay at Citycenter again, I would pick Aria.  It's a much better looking hotel with plenty of restaurants and the facility just looks nicer.
The DEATH RAY! Yes. This made my trip worth everything. Take pictures with it. When we went to the pool, there was no one there except my group and the DEATH RAY. We for sure took pictures with it.. . I actually didn't know about the Death Ray until I readabout it online while I was in my Vdara condo. . The entire lobby wasn't finished yet when I stayed here a couple of weeks ago, but it still looked nice inside. It's cool to stay in this hotel but there's drawbacks as well.. . The Good:. 1) Sort of far from the strip, so there's not much people traffic so that's nice when you want a somewhat relaxing hotel-stay. 2) Rooms have a kitchen. 3) Good views. . The Bad:. 1) Far from the strip than most entrances of hotels--you have to walk through Vdara to get to the strip or an alternative route would be to walk down this staircase and walk on a perpendicular street (with no sidewalk) leading to the strip. 2) Our room didn't have plates or silverware for the kitchen we had--do they expect people to not use the kitchen that they're paying for?. 3) The hotel is not completely finished yet. . I would not stay here again, but it was a good experience.
My review for the Vdara is strictly on a visitor's visit. No, not a hotel guest's visit, but a simple walkthrough with a visit to their spa. Okay, first and foremost I have to say that this is probably one of the nicest, if not THE nicest looking hotels I've ever seen. It's so very sleek, so very chic, it feels like the only other hotel out there that can compare to the Vdara is the Aria right next door.. . Vdara is home to the very popular Silk Road restaurant. Unfortunately it wasn't open when we were there as I would have loved to try it.. . What was open however was their award winning spa which my girlfriend and I were lucky enough to receive a couples massage at. Look at my review for that event coming soon. . . So if it wasn't enough to host the spa and the restaurant along with some of the nicest rooms and suites the Strip has to offer, the Vdara is also right next door the Crystals Mall which has the highest of the high end shopping. . . If the rooms weren't so damn expensive, I'd love to book a stay here. I guess that's what makes this place exclusive though. No ghetto blasters here. It's all three piece suits and cocktail dresses as far as the eye can see.
Vdara is a beautiful hotel to stay at and a great place to really get some rest after a night out because there is no casino within the building so it stays really quiet. They also pass out water bottles during the early morning hours for all you dehydrated party-goers. It's right next door to City Center / Aria and is convenient if you're trying to play at Haze. It is also within walking distance to PH Earl of Sandwich which is a bigplus in my book. . . The pool is very low-key which I don't recommend going to unless you're actively trying to avoid the pool party scene. Oh they also have free wi-fi and a kitchen. Valet only. Don't forget to check out the beautiful Frank Stella painting behind the front desk and contemporary floral arrangements. . . I also must say their hotel security is very helpful when trying to find your friend in Hangover-esque situations. Don't be deterred by the middle aged woman with claw clip pigtails...she'll do the damn thing and find your lost friend before check-out time.
For a luxurious stay without all the hustle and bustle of a casino, you should definitely stay at the Vdara. The rooms are amazing - roomy, wall to wall windows, a kitchen, and a split living room/bedroom area. The view from our room was also beautiful, which included the Rio, Palms hotel, and the Bellagio pools.. . A few other things to point out about this hotel is that:. 1. The bar on the bottom floor is chic and the service is great.. 2. Go left at the Silk Road restaurant to take a walkway directly to the Bellagio.. 3. By taking that same route in #2, you can also take a tram to the Monte Carlo and Bellagio.. 4. The water pressure is a bit low in this hotel, but hey, we're trying to go green here.. 5. If you lose your cell phone charger here, just accept that you'll never see it again.. 6. In the gambling mood? Just walk across the way to the Aria.. 7. For your shopping needs, go next door to Crystals.. 8. Want to go clubbing? Go to Marquee right next door in the Cosmopolitan.. . Hopefully this review was helpful and enjoy your stay here!
I've stayed at the Vdara twice & both times did not disappoint.  I love staying here for its modern appeal inside the rooms.  Had great views both times & had a speedy check-in.  The second time I stayed here, it was for a 1 nighter & it was perfect b/c I was going out to Marquee at The Cosmo to see Sander Van Doorn.  It was only a quick hop, skip, & jump away.  . . Beds = Amazing. Bathroom = Sleek & Modern. Kitchenette & Dining Table = Handy. Elevators = Fast & Pretty. Complimentary Valet Service = Very Nice  . Pool = Relaxing Getaway . . Vdara is def one of my top hotels to stay at while in Vegas.  Having no casino on the main floor is fine w/ me - being as I don't have the urge to gamble a lot.  Plus, you're in the city center... you aren't that far from any other hotel where you can gamble & just walk around the strip.  . . Might I add... the Crystals is beautiful.  (Especially at night)  :]
First of all I don't know where one reviewer got the idea that there is a cleaning fee here there is a "resort" fee which is basically standard everywhere in Vegas and includes fast wireless service. Everything here is so modern that if you want your room cleaned you have to press a light (which is hard to see) and the hotel should probably mention this which is why another reviewer likely didn't get cleaning service. Yes there are some oddities - the kitchen I think is more meant to be looked at than used but the free water is great and the rooms are large and very very clean. Our suite had 2 flat screen TVs - one in the bedroom and one in the living room and although the pullout couch is uncomfortable and doesn't "come with" linens the hotel will make it up very promptly as a bed if requested. The soaking tub was to die for I think I took two baths a day even though I felt a bit guilty being in the desert I couldn't resist. And I can't forget to mention the free valet parking! I think the thing that really distinguishes this hotel and which will most definitely bring us back is the lack of a smoky casino. If you want to be around drunk people chain smoking as you walk through your lobby every day go next door to Aria or anywhere else on the strip. And if you want outdated and stuffy styles go to the Four Seasons or the Bellagio. If you want a clean, nice modern hotel just steps away from all the action than this is your place!
A friend was able to hook us up with the friends and family discount so we decided to check this place out. . . Check in was easy and the staff was super nice. . . The room was very modern, simple. Loved the aveda bath products! We had lots of towels, two bath robes, and two sets of slippers. . . Kitchen has a keurig coffee maker with coffee enough for two people. We called for more, and they brought some, no extra charge. The fridge had two vdara water bottles. When we called for the coffee, they even gave us extra water bottles too, no extra charge.. . We had to call twice for extra bed linens and for the sofa bed to be made up. But the lady who came to do the sofa bed was very nice. . . We wanted to check out the spa and called for specials for hotel guests- that was a bust. No discounts, no specials, no nada! The spa was VERY pricey. . . It would have been nice to have a city center directory in the room to know what eateries in the vicinity were open late and etc. . . It was a good experience. We'd stay again (with the friends and family discount)!
It was definitely nice staying in a non smoking hotel in Vegas. Rooms were large and accommodates a family of 4 well. Two tv's so the adults could watch their show and kids could watch theirs in the living area.  Nice bathroom. Nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Valet parking, no walking far to get to your room. And yes the lobby smelled great! . . Only bad things were sofa bed was not the most comfortable, no restaurant downstairs and low water pressure.
Vdara is another beautiful boutique property that doesn't hit you up on price.  With the advent of more and more hotel rooms cropping up in recent years... an undeclared all out war b/w casinos has emerged to attract the average consumer dollar.  Thus, resulting in a win-win situation for Vegas tourists.. . Imagine our luck when we stayed at this new and beautiful property for around $900 on a 3 night weekend in July.  I know, there were cheaper options but none could fulfill our criteria in which only this place could provide.. . Criteria:. . 1) Had to be centrally located on the strip: check. 2) 5 star or comparable property: check. 3) Needs to be a suite with at least a separate living area: check. 4) Needs to be a newer property, that's fairly priced: check. 5) Needs to be a non-smoking property: check, check and all check. . We had the Vdara Suite, a beautiful 811sq ft suite that included a kitchen & dining area, washer/dryer, separate living area, vanity area, jacuzzi & steam shower, king bedroom and pullout queen.  My first two criteria were the most imperative.  Several friends were staying at Aria, and I wanted to stay somewhere close to them w/o actually being in the building itself.  Reason being, my girlfriend was with me on this trip, and we were looking for "alone time".... sooooo I don't want any extra guests easily crashing over at night.  Which, in turn, led to criteria number 2.  We did have my best friend staying with us, so that's why I needed a "separate" room/living area for him.  -.^   Plus it's in the middle of the strip.  Ideal for everything.  That's probably why I stay at Ceasars or Bellagio often.  The room is very sleek and modern... and unlike The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay (another comparable property) its bright and well lit.. . My knock on this property are as follows:. . 1) I can't have access to Aria's pool.  Vdara has a more elderly/reserved clientele and their pool is not as "lively" as Aria's.  . 2) There's only one restaurant on the property.  No 24 hour cafe.. 3) It's terrible for pedestrians... stepping out and getting onto the strip by foot is quite an obstacle.. 4) Since there was no casino, I had to walk across to Aria to gamble.  A considerable walk in itself.. 5) Probably the most important reason for me:  I had to pay for my room.  Didn't play long enough to get my entire stay comped.
Nice, spacious suites. I love the quietness of this hotel because there aren't a casino below the rooms. It's just plain hotel rooms. Aside from that, we had the best concierge here (sorry, I forgot his name) . We actually met him first while picking up our rental car and heasked where we were staying and so we told him the new hotel Vdara and he said he was also a concierge there. With that said, he offered to help us with some of reservations that we needed that weekend. He was kind enough to confirm with us that we were confirmed to the places we wanted to go and made us feel we can contact him with anything else we needed during our stay @ Vegas. . . The first night we stayed there, it just so happened that their fire alarm went off. And no, there was no fire. They said that there were a glitch on their system. Woken up in the early morning hour, walked down the stairs from the 15th floor wasn't comfortable. But, the workers were kind to assure us that there weren't any danger and double checked every floor before we were allowed to go back to our room. Safety first!! . It was an experience but not an exciting one. . . The day we were checking out, the receptionist asked us for our contact information, for the inconvenience that happened and their regional manager will be contacting us. . A few weeks after our stay, I received a letter saying we were given a complimentary stay with Vdara. . I'd stay here again not only cuz I have that free stay but the rooms were great and I like the employee!
Beautiful new contemporary hotel. Beds are super comfy. Attached to the aria and the Bellagio. Concierge was very helpful. No casino so don't have to walk through smokey casino :). Only negative was that the pool and hot tub close at 4 pm during the winter hours...lame!
Very impressive condo/hotel.  The rooms are spacious and elegant.  WouldI buy one to live in or as an investment?  No...... . Would I recommend friends to stay here in lieu of a regular hotel room....hell yeah!. . I've had several friends stay here and they found great deals on Hotels.com and other online travel booking sites.  The beds are nice, the kitchenette is convenient, and some of the views are spectacular.  The view of the Cosmopolitan/Bellagio/Planet Hollywood is the best view I've seen in the building.. . It's next door to Aria, so there's no casino in the building....you have to walk to Aria for that action.  There's also a separate valet parking area to access the hotel.. . We've had drinks in the lobby bar several times.....it's a laid back bar where you can meet colleagues for business or friends for casual conversation.  Good times.. . Return Factor - 90%
Fast checkin. Great design. Would give five stars but the whole place smell like sweet fart oder including the room possibly due to mop detergent. Microwave and fridge a big plus. Near cvs and walgreens.  The TV menu system was SLOW and PAINFUL if you plan to stay in the room alot.  WYNN was much better in this department.
Vdara is a winner! It has a ton to offer without having to spend a ton of money for it. During CES/AVN weekend, I was able to book 2 nights here for $169/night, which was the best value on the Strip for that weekend. The City Center hotel is just over a year old, so the rooms are really nicely appointed with modern amenities. Although there is no casino and not much in terms of dining options, it's conveniently located next to The Cosmopolitan, Aria and Bellagio, so it's just a short walk to some of the best gambling, clubs and restaurants in Vegas. An additional upside is that the hotel is clean and smells really nice when you walk through the lobby because no smoking is allowed and they pump this lovely scent through their vents. I wish my house smelled like that. . . My BFF and I enjoyed our suite; bed was super comfy, bathroom was really nice and stocked with Aveda products, and there was a mini kitchenette, great for heating up leftovers at 4am. Our other friends stayed in a similar sized king room that had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains so we got a great view of the water show at night. But the rest of our friends had the best suite of all: the 1,447 square foot 2-story penthouse suite with two bedrooms, 2.5 baths, living room and fully equipped gourmet kitchen. There were 6 people staying here, and at $600/night, it was such a steal. Like I said, you can feel like a big baller without breaking the bank here. Unfortunately, their check-in process was a bit of a nightmare as the suite was not ready at 3pm, but they did give them spa credits.. . I'd definitely consider staying here again, especially since it's just a hop, jump and a skip away (ok, maybe a painfully long walk if you've been dancing in stilettos all night) to The Cosmo, my new favorite casino resort.
Vdara is absolutely gorgeous. If you're coming to Vegas for a relaxing time, this is your place. The whole building is new and modern.  Great updates in the rooms including super-comfy beds and gigantic bath tubs. There were also two flat screens, one in the "living room" and one in the "bedroom", which was great. I'm not sure about the entire hotel, but I know that the views from our room were pretty nice. . . The only downside might be the location. Some might think that's a little crazy since it's technically located in the middle of the strip, but if you are interested in going anywhere other than The Cosmopolitan, Aria, or Bellagio...you're in for a mini hike. The walk is completely doable, but becomes a little inconvenient after 10 hours of drinking and gambling. Throw in heels and forget about it.. . Overall, the place is so charming, it makes me want to travel to Vegas just to stay here and relax. I'm not entirely sure how likely that is to happen, but if it ever does, I'm fairly confident that I'll be updating this to 5 stars in a heartbeat.
The rooms are clean with spectacular views of vegas, for a 5 star hotel the rooms are small but we got great service, we were able to charge our meal at Joel Robuchon's at MGM because Vdara is part of MGM. I was able to walk to my spa appointment at Mandarin Oriental. I would stay there again.
Continuing my theme of doing Vegas right, staying at the Vdara is doing it right. . . City Center is the new hotspot in Vegas with all the popular restaurants, clubs, hotels all located in one area. While the Aria and Cosmopolitan are nice, I feel like they are overpriced for what you get. . . Vdara has plenty of suite options that are very reasonably priced. I stayed in the 1600+ sq foot hospitality suite and was pretty impressed. With 2 bedrooms and 2.5 baths, a full kitchen and every amenity you can imagine, its a great suite. . . I'm still a Palms Place fan but if I'm staying on the strip, I think Vdara is the best option! Will be coming back for sure.
It's definitely a niche hotel in Vegas with very distinctive pros and cons.. . Pros:. - It's a non-gambling hotel which is super quiet. Bellagio, Aria and Cosmopolitan are all about 5 mins walk away. In fact I loved the peacefulness when I walk into the hotel lobby from a long Vegas day, but some people would not like it.. - It's non-smoking.. - Rooms are in good condition since the hotel is quite new.. - Price is cheap... in fact cheapest among Vegas 5 stars.. . Cons:. - Not as luxury as "Venetian" level. The modern decor feels like a 4 star NYC hotel instead of lavish Vegas.. - Walking to casinos is short, walking to the Strip is long since all the casinos are giant.. - Water pressue in the shower is bad! This is in fact my biggest con. . . So overall I liked it, and in fact I have booked with them for another trip in the summer. Their low price certainly helped with the decision, but if you can get Wynn / Venetian / Cosmo for less than $50 more a night, then I suggest going with those.. . P.S.: . . I saw 7 or 8 crazy bitter Californians who just signed up Yelp to claim "their friends were robbed" at this hotel and give it 1 star.... . . Look, I am sorry that you are robbed, and I hope for your best if you have called 911 for the investigation, but 7 or 8 people signing up to just rate it 1 star? . . I find it hard to believe that, if you are really robbed, you choose to spend energy on Yelp instead of giving more info to the Police and the hotel management.
Got the room on bid priceline for $75 bucks a night. Not bad. Resort fee was $18/day. Not bad also. The rooms were nice, design was space efficient. No smoking and no casino. Pet friendly. Hotel was connected to Bellegio, a big plus since it doesn't have any entertainment. Pillows were extra comfortable. The blinds and black out shades were electronically controlled. Kinda cool.  Coffee was comparable to Starbucks at the cafe in the main lobby. Aveda products for restroom.  Overall, my experience was good.
I liked my stay in Vdarra..... Stayed here with friends for my friends' birthday and we ended up getting a suite. Even though the room was still a little small for our group, we made the best of it! . . The room was nice and very neat, however one of the bathrooms locked from the outside, HAHA! The washer and dryer in the room came handy for  one of my friends. so that was nice!. . I like the fact that this is a non gambling hotel as well! so close to five stars, but it's just way too pricey!
I stayed in a Deluxe Suite with Lake View (the lake being the Bellagio fountain show) for $321 (including taxes and resort fee) for one Saturday night.  The room had a SPECTACULAR view with wall to wall windows and the room was very modern and upscale.  Two flat screen TVs, remote window shades, beautiful tub and shower, nice compact kitchen, ironing board, dinner table, couch, internet access (but bring your own laptop), two bottles of water....  . . The entire hotel is non-smoking so that is sensational.  Aria with its casino is a two minute walk and seems to have the best ventilation system in Vegas or maybe because so many of its clientele are from Vdara that the air is so much nicer than any other casino.  There is also a tram to next door Bellagio and the concierge was able to get us a dining reservation at Michael Mina spur of the moment so that was terrific.  I think all of these hotels are part of the same company.  . . Word of warning.  We went to next door The Cosmopolitan and absolutely could not find our way out of the place without back tracking all the way out the front, through the Crystal mall, through Aria and finally back to Vdara, even though I could throw a rock from Vdara to the outside of The Cosmopolitan.   . . So in Vdara you arrive, wait let me also say that in my Honda Accord Navigation 2600 W Harmon does not exists, too new, and 2600 E Harmon IS NOT THE SAME PLACE!  I give 2600 E Harmon zero stars and did not enjoy the drive through slumville.  Vdara has valet parking, so in most cases great.  Stop, unload, walk right to the front desk, up to the suite.  Super.  Compare that to the self park at the MGM, hauling your bags for 10 miles of shopping and casinos, to the desk, then back through the casino and shopping toyour room.... . So I get to Vdara and tell the Valet, keep the car close I need to leave in 30 minutes and am in a rush.  I get back in 25 minutes and wait 10 minutes for my car.  RRRR, no tip for you dingus.  Leaving on Sunday was almost 30 minutes waiting for the car.  Plusses and minuses for valet here.  I also asked on Sunday how to get to Caesar's Palace and the valet told me to go left on the Strip.  I am not going to tell you all of my shortcuts, but there is a backroad that is 100x faster than Las Vegas Blvd.  Another dingus in the valet department.
Awesome stay.  Location was perfect, right in the middle of the strip.  Easy walk to the Cosmo, Bellagio, Aria... oh wait, VALET SUCKS!!!  Knocking my review down one star for that.  Valet service took over 30 minutes each time. Took the car out twice from valet, both times over 30 minutes to get the car.  Not fun when you;re sure hung over and just wanna get your car and leave.. Hotel room was nice and roomy, very modern and had a great view on the 47th floor.  Able to see partial strip, the Bellagio Fountains, and the RIO/Palms.  Lobby smelled great too.  Quite anice change from the smokey casinos.
I am torn between giving this place 3.5 stars and 4, but since I cannot give half a star, I'll go ahead and give it 4. The design of the hotel and the rooms is really nice, modern and we really loved the smoke-free atmosphere. Plus you don't have to deal with any crowds. If you want eateries and casinos, they are a few steps away at the Aria and the Bellagio, etc.. . The beds are comfortable, but having the bathroom door right by the bed was not my favorite, particularly because the door did not close all the way. They do, however, provide plenty of towels and Aveda soaps, lotions, and hair products.. . Arriving at the hotel can be confusing, mainly because the Vdara does not have its own dedicated parking lot. Valet parking is complementary, but the wait time, from what we heard, could be about 30 minutes if you needed your car back. We walk everywhere when we're in LV, so that was not a problem. We also checked-out early, so we got our car pretty quickly. No complaints about the valet staff at all - they were all very nice. Check-in was fairly quick and the staff was friendly.. . Our main complaint is that housekeeping never came to our room to clean it. We left fairly early on our second day and turned on the housekeeping light, but came back to a room that looked exactly the same way we left it. Thank goodness for the extra towels, right?. . For a fairly pricey resort, I find this unacceptable. I am not surprised when this happens at places like the Circus Circus, but here I was not the least bit amused. Also, we would not recommend trying to call any of the hotel desks because you will be hard-pressed to get someone to answer your questions...or at all.. . Personally, I would rather stay at the Aria, which was awesome from beginning to end, or anyof the other wonderful resorts out there.
New five star hotel by the Strip. Highly recommended for families since it is a non-gambling hotel so you don't have to walk through slot machines with smoking gamblers to get anywhere. They also have put some faint aroma scent in the lobby so you really feel the difference once you step in. Location wise it shares a tram stop with Bellagio and near the center of the Strip. The health room has state of the art Cybex machines, each with its own tv screen and they also supply earphones. Rooms are modern and spacious. Downside is there is no room view of the Strip (so I was told) and the ultra chic Silk Road bar was closed.
I am adding Vdara to my list of preferred hotels in Vegas.  Since Palazzo and Encore have hit the scene, I no longer need to stay in "standard" 500 sq ft rooms.  I'm all about the suites these days!  I stayed at the Vdara city corner suite to get a full 270 degree view of the Strip with a prime viewing spot of the Bellagio fountain show.  The price was very reasonable.  This is somewhat offset by the fact that the hotel seems a bit "dead".  There's no casino, the only restaurant there closes at 8pm and the bar is definitely NOT happening.  However, it's a 5 min walk to Aria, Cosmopolitan and Bellagio and a short cab ride everywhere else.  Best part of the room was probably the huge bathroom which also had an amazing view of the strip.  There is a pull-out sofa bed but my friend said it was very uncomfortable.  Overall.. I still prefer Encore but for the $$, Vdara's a great value.
good job priceline!!  got us Vdara (friday and saturday night).  we had to pay an extra $20 resort fee for the stay at the front desk includes pool access, gym, internet access, and complimentary valet.  the resort fee is not optional.  . . but we parked at the bellagio because there was no self parking.  we don't like to valet because they may mess with your car; it also means that it's not free because you are obligated to tip.. . Vdara is next to Aria and connected to the Bellagio.  it is a condo converter.  no casino means that it's smoke-free.  YAY!!  the rooms have a small kitchen area.  accommodations are nice with a spacious room and modern decor.  we also had a nice view from the 32nd floor.. . the rooms have this cool light that changes color if you put "do not disturb"..."housekeeping"... . . the gym is a good hotel gym.  it's small but there is bottled water, sweat towels, clean earphones.  each elliptical machine and treadmill has their own personal tv screen.  just grab a set of earphones in the clean basket.  when you are done, you can place them in the used basket.. . we spent some time at the pool also.  there are towels at the pool desk.  you can swim or lay out on a chair.  there are some umbrellas for partial shade.  if you wish to have a bungalow, you can pay extra for your own.  you may order food or drinks in the pool area.  . . i took extra aveda shampoo, conditioner, soap back.  when i arrived home, i noticed that the aveda bottles from Vdara were bigger than previous hotel products.  it was 1.7 fl oz to 1 fl oz. . . now, one gripe.  hubby said that when he booked Vdara on priceline, it was labeled as a 5 star hotel.  well, when we took the elevator up...two times...a bell boy with a big luggage cart came into the elevator with us.  usually if a hotel wants to be a 5 star or even a 4star hotel, they would let their hotel guests go up the elevator first.  many times when a bell boy with a huge cart sees guests taking the elevator, they let us go ahead and say that they will wait for the next one.  no, not at Vdara.  . . all i can say is...you are not a 5 star hotel.  five star hotels have top notch accommodations, service, etiquette, and top dining options.  at Vdara, you have a small cafe with some food/drinks.  no restaurants for dining.. . other than that, if there were no claims that Vdara was a 5 star hotel...then it's a nice place to stay -- a solid 4 star hotel.  just that fact that it's smoke-free and clean makes it a place i'd stay at again.. . recommended!!
Gorgeous place to stay for some R & R but many down falls to the access and amenities. When trying to find the actual hotel it was horrible... First its off of Hannon and there is a completely different ramp from the Arias. There is no Casino in this hotel and everything closes very early . The rooms are gorgeous and clean. The sweats come with a fridge stove and living room with your very great big comfortable bed. Compared to the Palazzos there are more amenities in the room, however the atmosphere does not compare.
Great place to relax and enjoy a good massage. No casino or restaurants but great place like i said for R&R.
We chose Vdara because we got a great deal and there was supposed to be a $50 room credit (which I vowed to spend on chicken fingers at 4am).  I honestly knew next to nothing about the hotel and after staying in a fabulous room at the Wynn on my last trip, had low expectations.  Boy, was I surprised.  . . When I walked in, I noticed there was no casino.  THANK GOD.   Vegas scares me a little and the lack of a smokey casino filled with fanny packs and Bud Lights, made me feel better about my stay.  My friend was already there and wanted to check in earlier so he agreed to an upgrade.  We had a corner room, complete with a kitchen, sitting area, HUGE bathroom, 2 TV's and an amazing view.  I could LIVE in this room.  Very clean and simple, the only thing that was missing was an iPod hook up (I like to play my music when I get ready!). . . The pool, while small and quiet, had great sunlight and comfortable chairs.  We had lunch near the pool one afternoon and the food was delicious, such a welcome change from the food served at the Wynn pool.  . . While I didn't get my chicken fingers (we had to forego the credit for the room upgrade) I was very happy with my stay and should I find myself in Vegas again, I will definitely be back at Vdara.
I stayed here 2 weekends ago for my boyfriends bday.. . WOW were we surprised!! I LOVE the idea of a NON-SMOKING/NON-GAMING hotel!!! It was perfect. Sometimes you want to go to Vegas and really relax! . . Access to the strip is easy.....just a walk through the Bellagio (which the hotel is connected to) and you are there!. . The room was gorgeous, seriously I am not giving 5-stars because the room-service was kind of average. . . I don't think I want to ever stay in the Venetian/Palazzo again!!!
Our flight arrived to Vegas earlier than excepted, so we expected our room not to be ready. When we arrived at the hotel on May 19th, the front desk girl offered us a room that was ready on the 28th floor that wasn't facing the Bellagio fountain. I booked a corner view suite had requested a room on a high floor with a Bellagio fountain view when I first made the reservation. There are 56 floors at the hotel. She then said there was a room on the 30th floor with a view of the Bellagio fountain, but it wasn't ready. She continued to look for rooms, which she then said that there was a room on the 50th room with a Bellagio fountain view, but it wasn't ready yet either. We agreed to wait for that room to be cleaned, which she said it would be couple of hours before it would be ready. We waited a couple of hours by walking around the area before calling to check to see if the room was ready yet. I was transferred to housekeeping, who said it wasn't ready yet and they would call me back when it was. After eating and walking around some more for a couple more hours without hearing back from anyone, we decided to go back to the hotel and was told that the room was ready. It would of been nice if they had called me as they told me they would. . Upon inspecting the room, we found a dirty fork and knife in the dishwasher, as well as trash in a trash can underneath the kitchen sink. When housekeeping called to see if the utensils were delivered, which I requested upon check-in and had been delivered, I told them about the trash and dirty utensils. They said they would send someone up to take care of it. No one ever showed up, so the trash and dirty utensils were left until the next day when housekeeping came to clean the room. The room did have a great view of the fountain, strip, and mountains!!!. . On the evening of Thursday May 20th, Icalled concierge to attempt to change reservation time for dinner at Jean Georges Steakhouse at Aria. I held on the phone for 30 mins waiting for someone to answer, but no one ever did, so I hung up and decided to call the restaurant directly myself. . . The hotel is a nice hotel, which unlike some other reviewers, I feel that it IS within a short walk to the Bellagio, Aria, The Cosmopolitan, and the strip. I would suggest going to the 24hr CVS, which is a short walk and is located a block south of CityCenter on the strip to grab snacks and drinks, since the market inside the hotel has limited choices and closes at a certain time.. . The Clark County fire station is located adjacent to the property. They tend to stay busy, which on one of the late nights/early morning hours, they seemed to respond to several calls in a span of 4 to 5 hours. The windows are not sound proof, so you will hear the sirens, which may interrupt your sleep if you're a light sleeper.. . The entire property is nice, which I would stay there again, especially with it being a non-smoking/non-gaming hotel.
Gotta love the Vdara.... . Stayed here for my birthday and couldn't be more pleased with the room and the service. We got here around 8pm on Friday night and check in was easy, no hassle.. . Even better at check in is when the guy at the front desk upgraded us for FREE to a penthouse with a view of the strip (honestly they probably over booked but hey I'll take it). . The room was nice and comfortable with an open air design so there was room to roam around. Comfortable bed makes you feel at home with a view of the strip that's breath-taking. . . The service was great, call the concierge and they bring up everything in a timely manor, my friend asked for a pot haha. It's a non-gaming hotel so you have to walk to Aria to gamble which can be a hassle for some people but not a big deal to me since I don't gamble too much.. . But this is a great spot to stay and it's more affordable than the other places in City Center.
I found thisgreat deal to stay at the Vdara through Expedia, and jumped on it because I wanted to try out one of the new hotels (I stayed in April '10).  I also wanted to see how it would be to stay at a non-gaming, non-smoking hotel on the Strip.  Thankfully before I arrived there I did a little bit of research of things you should know about before staying there:. . - no self-parking directly at the hotel, Vdara is [free] valet only.  The closest self-parking was at the Aria. - You have to walk a bit through the Crystals mall to get to the main strip to cross the street to get to the Miracle Mile shops.. . So knowing that, I brought a good amount of small bills with me to tip the valet.  I drove there from San Diego with my gf, and when we arrived, we were welcomed helped out with our bags immediately.  Our bags were even brought up to our room for us.. . The room was amazing! I reserved the cheapest room available, and usually at other places it means no view.  But we ended up with a pretty good view of the Belagio fountain.  There was plenty of space in the room; it had a dining area, a living room area and a giant king size bed.  There were 2 large flat screen TV's which also had connectivity for laptops or ipods.  Overall, it was a great stay, and the service was better than most places I've stayed at.
The interesting part of the hotel is that the room actually has kitchen! lol. . As to the other parts. It's good. brand new building, well designed, connect to Bellagio directly. but somehow it's not that popular... you seldom see people at the bar.. . I guess the main reason would be there's no gambling machines there - which is very odd for hotels in LV
4.5 STARS. . We stayed in the Hospitality suite (2 bed, 3 bath) for 3 nights.  There were 5 people that stayed in the suite and we were all comfortable.  The beds are very comfortable and so is the sofa in the living room.  All of the staff are friendly and we also got a complimentary limo to and from the airport.  . . For our group, we always try to get a 2 bedroom suite which are pretty hard to find on the strip.  As compared to MGM Signature Suites which are also 2 bedroom (not truly a 2 bedroom but 2 suites joined) I definitely prefer Vdara Hospitality suites just because it is a true 2 bedroom suite with a living room connecting both bedrooms and is on the strip unlike MGM SS.  Only downfall of Vdara is that it doesn't have a casino, which isn't a big deal for me but might be for some people.
Booked Vdara as a last minute at the rate of $109/night, which wasn't so bad. We were able to check in early at noon instead of 3pm and was pleased right when we entered in our hotel room. It was nicely decorated with modern and elegant features. Vdara is eco-friendly and is committed to be non-smoking. It's conveniently located in the heart of the City Center, in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. Only passage to the Strip is to walk through Bellagio. The staff were very welcoming and friendly during my stay at the Vdara. There are resort fees ($20) applied daily to this hotel in case you're wondering!. . The room:. Instead of those "Donot disturb" door signs, Vdara considers it by the click of the button. After clicking the button, the outside doorbell light turns blue which means "do not disturb". . The room includes a sofa that can be pulled out as a queen size sofa bed, but it's expected to not be as comfortable as the actual bed. . The kitchen was on the side right when we enter our room with a sink, mini fridge, mini stove, and many cabinets.. The window is a panoramic view, with 2 layers of blind shades that you can control by the touch of a button!. The bathroom has separate tub and shower, but no ventilation. The bathroom door is a sliding door with a lock of course.. The bed was very comfortable, courtesy of Sealy mattresses. Vdara also provides a list of products they purchase its bedding products that's available for you to place an order if you really like it.. . The bad:. I'm sure many Yelpers have mentioned the cons of this hotel already, but Vdara does not have a casino as its commitment of being a non-smoking hotel. To get to the casino or the Strip, you'd have to take a walk through Bellagio (no negatives about Bellagio!).. We've experienced a water shut off around 1-2am during our stay which disappointed us. I understand it's late at night that they wouldn't bug you to notify, but I would like to be warned ahead of time. When I used the water around 1am, I felt like water was scarce since the outflow was limited as if Vegas ran out of water. My boyfriend then uses the bathroom and there were NO outflow at all.. . I would stay at this hotel again, and would only recommend it if you don't mind the walk through Bellagio for the casino or the Strip. You do a lot of walking in Vegas anyways, so it wouldn't hurt as much. It's a very nice and clean hotel throughout. Trust me, my sister even inspected its sheets and she has not found any spots.
No-smoking the entire hotel! Literally a breath of fresh air!!. . Pros:. Brand new, modern + stylish. Great views. All rooms are suites. Aveda products provided. 24-hour taxi stand. It smells great in the lobby (like a spa). Gym is good size. Spa facilities can be used for $25 (sauna, steam room, jacuzzi). No smoking hotel. Room-serivce is top notch - food stellar, presentation (setup) impressive. Cute cafe in the lobby with fresh food and organic products. Kitchen in every room..with a stove!. Can pay 1/2 price to check out at 6 pm. . Cons:. No restaurant . No casino (not a con for me). Only 1 pool, that's not very big . Rooms are not cleaned until late in the afternoon. Not right on the strip, but accessible through Bellagio
Great suite for the discounted price.  The motorized blinds are a nice touch, and the layout is nice and modern with a partial wall separating the living area and the bedroom.  Central location on the strip is great.
Vdara is hands down, one of the best hotels on the strip.It definitely has proven itself as a triple threat...great location, best bang for your buck and beautiful spacious suites. . . The hotel itself is located in the City Center and is within walking distance to the Bellagio, Aria and the Cosmopolitan. Everything about this hotel is absolutely beautiful...the decor, the hotel layout and even the amazing spacious suites. For once, my non-smoking hotel room did NOT smell like smoke. I was extremely pleased. My favorite thing about this hotel is the outdoor seating area in front of the hotel. I recommend laying down on the long swinging chairs and sipping a nice cold cocktail. . . The only thing lacking from this hotel is a formal restaurant, however the little cafe and the cute bar on the first floor makes up for it. For two nights on a busy weekend I spent about $489. Not bad for a beautiful spacious suite with a view of the Bellagio water fountain show and free high speed internet. Two thumbs up for Vdara...I shall be back!
I yelped ahead of time and got some good tips. Since we were bringing the kids with us to Vegas (I know, I know...but my grandmother was going to be in town & we haven't seen her in over a year), we needed a kid-friendly hotel (i.e. space and a fridge). . I ordered groceries from Von's that literally arrived when we did. I didn't want to have to mess with dishes being delivered. So, I just included plastic/paper bowls, cups, spoons, towels, etc with the groceries. . They held our groceries in their cooler until we got up to our room & then brought them right up. When checking in, they scheduled our linen delivery for the sofa bed. The sofa bed was NOT comfy. Glad the kids slept in it and not me! . On day 2, the cleaning lady did a crappy job. Didn't leave washclothes, didn't pull the trash, didn't leave coffee, etc. The other days were fine. . . We didn't have any time issues with valet...even the time we left our ticket in the room. Tipping got a bit annoying (especially since we were getting the car out 2 times a day). . . We had a beautiful view of Bellagio's fountains! I didn't realize we could walk to Bellagio through the doors at the far end (around the corner) of the lobby until the last night. . . The Bosch washer and dryer were a lifesaver! Though small, they got the job done. Just watch the dryer b/c it'll think your load is dry when it isn't. . . We got a good "name your own price" deal on priceline & upgraded to the full-sized refrigerator room once we got there (for an extra $40 a night). . . I'd stay there again, especially if we have kids in tow.
Summary: Very pretty, spacious, modern rooms.  Nice views. Very good midtown location (City Center).  Good value (on my stay, anyways).  It does have a resort fee, unfortunately, though to their credit they DO throw in a lot.  Missing some details, though, that prevent 5 stars.. . . Plusses:. * Very good midtown location (City Center);. * Room spacious, modern and nice.  Includes microkitchen.  NICE bathroom.  Exterior and lobby elegant and contemporary;. * Staff put me near the top floor (nice!);. * Nice views;. * Good value (though I'm mid-week.  Prices go up on the weekends or during major events or conferences, but so does the rest of the strip);. * Very good bed.  This is a biggie for me, I'm very picky about my beds;. * Internet access and fitness center included in the resort fee.  Most hotels have lame gyms, but I must admit this one's pretty good.. * Breakfast and lunch buffets included in the resort fee (though it does have a $20 limit);. . . Minuses:. * Resortfee;. * NO COFFEE MAKER IN THE ROOM; no coffee mugs, either.  Such a simple thing, even most cheap hotels come with one.  Big miss;. . . Random:. * Valet-only parking.  Overall I don't mind since work pays for my trip and expenses, but I could see how someone who frequently comes and goes would find that annoying;
Ssshhh!  . . Vdara is right now my favorite hotel in Las Vegas and most people I know have never heard of it.  Why? Because it has no casino, no destination bar, restaurant or club, and although it's on the Strip in theory, it has no Strip facade and nearly no signage.  . . Yet its location in the City Center complex is nearly ideal.  Cross the driveway and you're in Aria, down the stairs and into the swanky new Cosmopolitan; stroll out the back, down an open walkway and you're in Bellagio.  The only downside is you have to go through one of these hotels to even reach the Strip in a legal fashion on foot  -- there are no sidewalks down Harmon Dr. that take you to Las Vegas Blvd.  . . Why, then, does Vdara make me so happy?  Well, it's not the pool, I can tell you that.  Perched on top of the lobby, below the mirrored southern facade of the hotel, it has no real character, virtually no shade and seems designed to bake you like a boneless breast in a solar oven.  It's very fine to hang at the poolside cafe at breakfast time and then it's time to go elsewhere. ( I've managed to get into the pools at Bellagio and Aria as well as Monte Carlo while staying at Vdara so all is not lost.). . No, what Vdara gives us is a completely non-smoking property (awesome) and big, stylish modern luxury suites for the price of a mere room at most new hotels.  People go other places in Vegas to play at being rock stars or hip-hop moguls for a weekend.  At Vdara you can live like a movie star in quiet seclusion until you're ready for your close-up.. . Designed to be condos before the market went ass over teakettle, the suites are completely livable homes - and LEED certified no less - in the heart of the Strip.  It's almost as if you're not in Las Vegas at all!  Full kitchen, washer and drier, and really, really nice bathrooms - you get a lot for your money here.  I love the big windows with automatic shades and the cool lighting. . . I used a coupon to get upgraded to a one bedroom corner suite that actually had TWO corners and a 250 degree view.  Sure, the view was of the freeway and west Vegas but also Red Rocks, and Aria and Bellagio pools.  And yes, we all have to pay a $18 resort fee per day but that does include wi-fi, use of the very worthy gym and spa, and water bottles restocked in the fridge every day.  But really, I pay more than that for hotel parking in a lot of cities and at Vdara the valet parking is free.. . The lobby is a nice hangout (smells good, not like second-hand Lucky Strike), the staff were all super-nice, and the rooms were nice and quiet.  I only mark it down from 5 stars for the average pool and the challenging pedestrian path to the Strip.  Would I go back?  Uh, like, tonight, if somebody hands me the plane ticket.
I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel during EDC weekend in vegas which was the last weekend in June and i think Im hooked. My friends and I usually only like to stay at the Palazzo since the rooms are huge with 3 beds. When we saw that this place was cheaper and had the same size room online we decided to give it a try. We got a corner suite which was a bit extra but man did it pay off.. . Our room had giant windows that when the blinds werel ifted gave you and almost 360 view of vegas. It was probably the best view I have ever had in vegas. Now the room itself was great. It had a full kitchen with a filtered water faucet in the fridge (which is freakin amazing in vegas since you get so thirsty from the heat and smoke and water costsl ike 20 bucks downstairs). There was also a washer and dryer which i was very surprised to see. The bathroom was very luxurious with a bath tub and shower. The beds were very comfortable but the pull out bed was not at all. Super hard springs on it. I loved the central location of the hotel but i hated that it had no casino. Looking forward to staying here again.
We loved our Hotel. It is clean, quite, no smoking gambling areas or to much noise. The rooms have a kitchenettes which is very helpful and a small living room and two TVs which we loved :). The only thing was that it is quite far from restaurants and places to eat but you can always visit Bellagio and Arya :) Room service was great to :)
I actually give this hotel 4.5 stars. . So it doesn't have a casino or restaurants, that's what Aria & Cosmopolitan are for. It truly feels like coming home. It is smoke free and clean. I love coming back to this hotel! . From arrival to departure I had no issues whatsoever. Best to call valet (like is suggested) and they will have your car waiting for you by the time you get downstairs. Bellhop did take about 20 mins or more but it gave me time to relax and love the view from my room.. Not a whole lot of staff around the place, so the staff that is there could be a bit more outgoing so they standout.. It is just a laid back, clean hotel. . Would stay here again and again!
The Vdara met all my expectations and even exceeded a few! I wanted to stay in a place without any smoking/gaming, so this seemed like a logical choice.  It was clean, modern, smelled great, had friendly staff, and good-sized room/bathroom.  We had a great view of the bellagio fountains & I loved that it was connected to the Bellagio when you did want to hit the casino.  It was conveniently across from Aria in city center which had a great restaurant & casino.  I only had two minor let downs.  The pool was pretty small for the size of the hotel and of course was packed because of that.  I wished it had more space so that even when I did find a chair I didn't feel like I was intimately involved with the person next to me.  Since I'm not much of a gambler, this was a let down when I wanted to spend some time at the pool during the day.  Secondly, on the first night there we called housekeeping for an extra set of sheets and they never showed.  When I called back to say I was too exhausted to wait any longer and could they just bring it tomorrow, they apologized and agreed, but I never got the sheets the second night, either.  However, the rest of my experience w/the staff was very positive so perhaps it was just an off wknd... would recommend this hotel to those who want to avoid smoke-filled lobbies and ventilation systems...
While in Vegas for The Cosmopolitan's opening week, we decided to stay a couple nights at the Vdara to size up the competition. Personally, I loved the rooms here more than The Cosmopolitan's (TC) Terrace Suite.. . Room: Though everything else at TC was stunning, the room design was inconsistent and seemed confused about what it wanted to be. At Vdara, it didn't try to be anything more than gloriously contemporary, modern and chic with clean lines, great lighting and technology-galore.. . Pluses: Everything works on a master remote control from the multiple window screens that change how much light you want in your room to the flat screens (2!). All the accent lighting are on dimmers for a more romantic feel. The room maximize every square inch space, so even though it's half the size of the TC suite, the Vdara room felt just as spacious. The bathroom was massive with a frameless glass shower, soaking tub and dual sinks. Views were on par with the view from the TC. . . Minuses: Unlike TC, aside from the rooms, Vdara doesn't really have anything else going on. It was pretty dead--save for one sad little bar by the entrance. We even saw someone napping on the floor of the lobby with their luggage. After a week in Vegas, the consensus was pretty unanimous for the Vdara room--and The Cosmopolitan's amenities.
I stayed here for one night after Pricelining a room for $80.  Seemed like a smoking deal, but after taxes and fees from Piceline - it came to $94.  Then the hotel tacks on a resort fee - of course.  All of this is to be expected, just a friendly 'buyer beware.'. . Pros: . - Located close to Aria and Cosmo (shows, food, gambling, etc.). - Great rooms with kitchenettes (think of Vdara as the Residence Inn of City Center). -Well decorated. . Cons:. -Not the best value in the star range if you don't need the kitchenette.  I'd reccommend 'THE HOTEL' or one of the Towers (Planet Holleywood Towers, Hard Rock Towers, etc.). -See below.... . When I checked in I was given a handicap room without being told it was one (which I didn't appreciate).  My room featured a huge stain in the middle of the carpet and a shower door that allowed water to leak out even when shut completely.  I reported the shower issue, they sent engineering up, but the problem remained.. . So when checking out I very calmly (really) showed the manager a video of the water streaming out under the shower door and expressed my interest in making sure no one else had to deal with this.  She was mildly apologetic and offered to waive the daily resort fee.  I negotiated a $50 credit at the cafe and called it a day.. . So in my opinion, not the best customer service (at least for escalations or issues).  I am pretty easy and travel a lot.  So every once and awhile I get to deal with issues.  The manager on duty got a C- in my book.  I was so polite, friendly, fact-based, etc. - and got offered a free resort credit.  Kind of disappointed!
For a quick weekend trip to Vegas this past weekend, stayed at Vdara for one night (Saturday night). Left San Diego early Saturday morning and got to Las Vegas just past noon. . . Did not do much research about the Vdara prior to heading out to Vegas, so we were unsure about what the Vdara had to offer.  We first hooked the left into the main intersection that brings you up towards the City Center complex. There were directional signs indicating which way to which hotels/resorts/condos or The Crystals, but no sign for the Vdara hotel. So we follow the only self-parking lane into what seemed to be the garage for the Aria. While circling, the copilot Googles the Vdara website to find out where the heck are we supposed to park. No information, but according to some reviews on Frommers and Yelp, there's no Vdara self-parking, the only option is valet. No biggie, we circle around the City Center/South Strip casino complexes and get our bearings straight. From our observations we judge that it's located closer to the Bellagio parking complex rather than the City Center one, and decide to park in the Bellagio garage. Parking at Bellagio also means that you can walk through air-conditioned hotel corridors rather than trekking across the entry porticos between the Aria and Vdara in the heat. . . We arrived at 12:00, but they allowed us to check in early. Check-in was fast (about 10 minutes), and the desk was manned by two individuals. There were still quite a few people checking out when we arrived, and they had a "manager" helping someone who was "demanding" a "couple" of comps from the hotel.. .  The lobby reminds me of a standard boutique hotel anywhere in Europe or Asia. It is quite narrow and there is no "grand entrance," just a hotel bar, the check-in desk on the far left, the elevators in the center, and a cafe on the right. On the far, far right was a restaurant that apparently was their main hotel restaurant called Silk Road, but it went out of business quite some time ago, and it was never replaced. The out of business restaurant makes the lobby kind of dreary, and if you look in, you see empty wine glasses and stuff like a restaurant that was padlocked under foreclosure orders..... . Didn't try the only other restaurant in the complex the Market Cafe, but it seemed popular and was always busy when we went down to the lobby. They close early though, around 8PM, but there are tons of other eating options in City Center so it's not a deal breaker..  . We were on the 39th floor, facing the Aria, Monte Carlo, and I-15. The rooms on the other side have strip views and the Fountains of Bellagio, so they're better. I think the hotel was a converted condo building that didn't sell, because it had a standard size dining area, a powder room, and a washer/dryer combo in the closet. You get a kitchen with a full-size refrigerator, a dishwasher, and one of those computerized mini bars. A plus for the refrigerator so we could store water bottles without even fidgeting with that computerized mini bar. All the blinds were automated, and the lighting system was one touch, so you could just enter your room and press one button, and you have your mood lighting set. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was huge. There was a scale in the bathroom which came in handy (apparently I gained six pounds after the Rio buffet...surprise, surprise).  They could have worked on cleaning the room a little better. For a Four Diamond hotel, there was noticeable dust and debris on the air conditioner vents especially in the bathroom.. .  All in all though, I would stay here again.
The hotel is beautiful and the service is very good. The room itself is well equipped. We have a microwave, stove and frig. Our room also has a great view of Vegas.
Really good hotel. Its part of the new City Centre part of the hotel and near the Crystals shopping centre and other hotels such as the Aria.. . This hotel doesnt have a casino and is all non-smoking. If you want the gambling there is always the hotels nearby. Bellagio is just next door and Aria is "across the road".. . The view we had was great. Our hotel room was looking South. It would have been nice to be on the North side as that side was towards the Bellagio fountain. My parents were in a room facing North but not as high. Perfect view would have been facing North but very high up.. . We stayed in the "basic" suite - if you can call it basic. All very nice. Big bathroom with one of those sunken bathes and a big shower.. . Since it doesnt have a casino its quieter than other hotels so if you want something really lively then this is not for you. For that reason, the swimming pool area was not particular busy. There were no big "pool parties" and loads of people swimming, sunbathing, etc. . . Like I said, if you want a busier, lively (more "Vegas") hotel, then your best staying somewhere else.
I love this hotel! It's a little walk from the strip, but it's right next to the Cosmopolitan so if you're planning on going to Marquee for their dayclub/nightclub, it's extremely convenient. We stayed in the City Corner Suite, which was absolutely amazing, through Expedia for around $220/night. What a deal! Our room even had a kitchen, a bit useless in Vegas since we wouldn't have cooked anything anyways, but it was a nice option to have.. . The room had 1 king bed and a pull out queen sofa. I liked how the suite was actually sectioned off; bathroom, living room, kitchen, and bedroom. We squeezed 6 girls into this suite and it wasn't bad at all. If the rates stay at this price I will be coming back here for sure next time I visit Sin City.
I like that its quiet and secluded from the strip, but also steps away from the Bellagio and the Aria. My only complaints is that the rooms are falling apart quick, making it look kind of shitty and the AC sucks. Dropping number 2's sucks if you are there with another person, bathroom echos and privacy is non existent. and their hallways  and elevators are kind of warm, but the lobby smells nice. . You might be wondering then why the 4 star, it is still very comfortable and nicer than a lot of other hotels.. . Avoid their Cafe, food sucks and is over priced.
My boyfriend and I stayed at Vdara for two nights. We had an incredible view looking out of our window from the 48th floor. The bed felt like you are sleeping on a cloud. The room was very clean and spacious.  Great location!
Stayed here for three nights for our trip. Shout out to Bank of America for putting a hold on my debit card for unusual activity and making my check-in last half an hour. I really needed that after an eight hour drive. If you use a debit card, they take a $300 deposit (understandable) that you obviously get back upon check out.. . Vdara is awesome. The rooms are huge with great views and dual HD TVs. The pool is nice too. It closes by 7 PM but by that time everyone's getting ready to start their night. You can never start too early. Probably my only complaint was the lack of restaurants. There's a small bar and a cafe on the lobby floor, that's it. The cafe didn't really look appealing, so most of the time we went to Aria or somewhere on the strip.. . The staff was friendly and our room was clean every time we came back to it. The guy at the front desk gave us passes for Haze too, props for that. Thanks for an unforgettable Vegas stay, Vdara. No doubt we'll be back!
Oww it was a long check in on Sunday. They really should have staffed accordingly. Oh and there is no separate line for check out either. . . Their pool was the shape of a half moon and by Hotel standards it was too small. The spa pool was pretty big for a spa pool( almost as big as the actually pool). There were two or three other pools that looked like lap pools but were considered private. I'm sure at the right price you could get your own lap pool. . . Some negatives there was mandatory valet unless you want to walk thru Aria. Also the valet was always too busy to pull our car and we always had to wait downstairs for them which I believe is another staffing issue. . The only cafe in the hotel closes at 8pm and I found hair in the bath tub (Kind of gross, but I don't take baths in hotels, so it didn't bother me too much). . . This could be considered a minus point but not for us, there was no casino and this meant it was a smoke free property. ( Yeah for my Lungs!) The robes and slippers are complimentary but you have to ask for them and be prepared to wait 30 minutes. The room is very spacious and it is a king bed with a living room area and a dining room area. Plus you had two closets. The beds and pillows are very comfortable! I thought the shades provided enough coverage, the room wasn't pitch black but it's dark enough. They provided a fridge but you can only use one side the other side is full of stuff you have to pay for. There is a mini kitchen (with sinks, garbage disposal, microwave, and stove with 2 burners). Oh and we were on the 34th floor and the view was awesome (even with a view of the back of the strip and in-n-out). . . You can really tell this property was never meant for a hotel but I think they did their best adjusting it. I think at the right price I wouldn't mind buying one of these rooms. ;-)
I stayed in the basic Deluxe room for a weekend with my girlfriends. Honestly, I was completely satisfied with my stay.. . I booked the room through Expedia and when I checked-in Vdara it was a  breeze. There is no self-parking, so valet is mandatory if you drove. Checking-in took less than 5 minutes and our luggage was delivered to our room in about 10 minutes. I appreciated how efficient Vdara was. . . For the most basic room, it was VERY spacious. As you enter the door, you first enter the full kitchen then as you walk past the kitchen there is a living room with a couch that pulls out into a queen bed. Finally, the king bed is on the other side of the living room next to the bathroom.  . . I really liked the location of Vdara because it is in the center of the strip right next to Cosmopolitan and Bellagio. I wouldn't mind staying here again. I feel like I got more for my money than if I stayed at a different hotel.
Stayed here over the past weekend at the one bedroom penthouse suite (upgraded for free from the panoramic suite). The room was nice. Two separate bedrooms with master bed. Full kitchen and helpful hotel services and in room services. Stayed on the 56th floor with a great view of the bellagio water show. Good thing i have a friend that works here woo hoo.
stayed here for an event going on and loved it! . . you walk into the lobby and the hotel smells soo good..not being a fan of cigarette smoke or gambling, this non-gaming non-smoking hotel was the perfect choice for me..the suite was spacious (and had a view of the bellagio water show), king size bed and pillows were comfy, and the amenities were nice (aveda!).. they even have a kitchenette, fridge, dining table and living room (so you have two tv's) with a pull out sofa..oh, i loved that you only had to hold up the room key for the door to open.. great for those people that party hardy and cant stick the key in the hole at any other place... . yes, they only have one bar and a cafe but who cares.. you're only steps away from the rest of city center to grab a bite in a restaurant or for a night out, if you're too lazy to go out further on the strip... . i didn't get a chance to check out the pool so i'll have to do that on my next stay..
I would definitely stay here again.  No casino, nice rooms, comfy bed.  They have a cafe that stocks fruit and has lots of nice snacks that you can't find in the casinos. What's not to like?  Well, I'll tell you.  . . The Vdara seems to have a policy of only hiring the terminally-befuddled.  Every single transaction involved the person behind the counter staring at their computer as though it was the monolith from "2001; A Space Odyssey."   I'm not 100% sure how I ever wound up in a room, with a meal or even a beverage, but somehow they worked out how to complete the task and we got there in the end.. . For the patient-deficient, this can become a test of character.  But stay strong, for the good does outweigh the bad.  It smells nice for one thing, which isn't something you can say about most places. The gym was nice.  After a workout, one might be tempted to order a smoothie.  I succumbed and, again, the blender-contraption proved problematic for the smoothie technician and what should have taken a short amount of time became an epic challenge of mind over matter.. . Check in; painfully slow.  Cafe; ordering eggs (their computer register confounds every employee), to waiting an inordinately long time for eggs...  DON'T order anything there if you need to be somewhere in the next, oh, two hours or so.  DO order there if you like watching the person behind the counter mystically rise to the challenge of taking your money.  . . Once in the comfort and quiet of my room, everything worked well, I had no problems with water pressure and the view was nice. I enjoy complaining and people seem to enjoy my little rants, so I think everybody wins here.
Stayed here last week for my bachelor party. Being that it was one of the hotels that shared space in City Center, my only preconception I had of this place is that it was gonna be nice...and it was. This resort is smaller than a lot of the other heavy hitters on the strip, (i.e. Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn, and Encore) but the stay here was just as pleasant and luxurious. First important thing to know about this hotel is that it doesn't have a casino and has a strict no smoking policy. Fine by me...when I come stumbling into my hotel completely hammered drunk at 5am, the last thing I need to see and hear are flashing lights and sirens sounding off. Moreover, it is nice to return to a hotel that is well ventilated and not suffocating. . . I had a corner view suite on the 49th floor. It was a spacious 811 sq ft with an awesome panoramic view of the Bellagio fountains. It also had floor to ceiling windows with electronic blinds. Other cool room amenities included 2 large flat screen tvs, a coffee maker, and iPhone/iPod ready entertainment center. Although for this it was not an iPod dock like they provide at other hotels. Instead, you have to go down to the front desk and check out an audio component cable to connect your iPhone to the entertainment system. And the hotel will charge you a fee of $10 if you happen to lose or damage it. . . The pool was very nice and tasteful and not littered with annoying douchebag type people that you might frequent at the more popular adult pool parties such as WET, Rehab, or TAO beach. It to me had a nice "couples" type of ambiance to it, where you could bring your partner and not have to worry about her being hit on every 5 seconds. All in all, my stay here was quite enjoyable and pleasant. And for the price I paid, you would be hard pressed to find a better deal. I will most definitely consider Vdara again for my accommodations when I visit Vegas again in the future.
We got a pretty good deal to stay in a 800 sq feet room, so we went for it   We wanted something nice for our anniversary, so we were willing to spend a tad more money... The room was really nice... it was clean, the shades were all automatic.. we had a 270 degree view of the outside... We didn't want to valet so we parked at Aria and walked over... they also have a tram that stops in Aria/Monte Carlo, Aria/Crystals, and Bellagio/Vdara.... I thought that was cool.. There is no smoking in the room, and there is no gambling either.. Upon entering there is a very strong perfume smell... Our fridge had a ice maker so we didn't need to go out to get ice.. which I thought was really great... We had 2 sinks, and the bathtub was big enough for 2 people to fit... . Now for the bad.. our room wasn't cleaned... no one came until around 4 pm to ask.  We left around 9 am and didn't return until 3:30 and everything was still messy... I was a little disappointed that housekeeping didn't come earlier..  I'd expect it too by cleaned for the price we paid.  . . Overall, I don't know if we'd return.
I stayed here with 6 of my friends for 2 nights and we loveddd it! . . There's no casino downstairs so if you're really into gambling, then this place is NOT for you! But if you like modern, clean hotels with excellent service, then Vdara is perfect! We stayed in their deluxe suite and the guy at check-in was really nice and gave us a room with a view of the strip where we could see the Bellagio water show from our room! Awesome!. . Our room came with a living room, kitchen with microwave, stove, and fridge, bathroom, bedroom with a king size bed, and the sofa was a pull-out queen size bed. Also, complementary wifi and 2 free water bottles per day. They also have a fitness center that is free to use for hotel guests which is really great! I know the Palazzo has an amazing fitness center but even if you're a guest, you have to pay a LOT to use it.. . Vdara is right next to Cosmopolitan so it's perfect if you're looking to eat at Wicked Spoon Buffet or go to Marquee or Chandelier Lounge. However, Vdara itself doesn'treally have any dining options. But overall, we all really enjoyed our stay here. It's a great place for groups because all the rooms are suite style! Think "Palazzo" but cheaper, smaller scale, less luxurious, and more modern.
If you are looking for a quiet, clean, and convenient hotel, Vdara is a hotel you should look into. My family and I stayed in this hotel in August 2011, and our experience was entirely pleasant.. . Location-wise, Vdara is located near the Cosmo and Aria and directly across from Planet Hollywood. Bellagio is only a 5 minute walk as well. The hotel does not have a casino, which I find rather pleasant since the smoke and crowd casinos tend to bring are off putting. . . The suite itself was amazing. Our suite was on the 52nd floor (out of 56, I believe) with the view of Bellagio's water show and the Cosmo. The curtains/shades were remote controlled and also had an option to black out the room just in case you're light sensitive. It was styled like an apartment with sliding doors dividing the living room and bedroom area. If you are like me, and water pressure is important to you for showers, take note...there were no issues with that :) . . The service overall was pretty good. The only cons of the whole trip was check in took quite a while maybe about half an hour, but that is to be expected as the majority of arrivals are around 3 PM. Secondly, we requested hangers and extra bedding. However, after waiting 30 minutes for it to arrive, we called house keeping once again and they stated we had never called, but they put in the request and it came 25 minutes later. I was bit annoyed, but I am willing to over look that. . . I recommend room service as well. We put in our order and the food arrived in a timely manner. They set up the dining table, and brought any additional things you might need to go with your meal. We ordered pasta, pizza, and chicken strips. Everything was delicious. My mother's pasta contained shrimp which she found extremely fresh and cooked perfectly. The pizza was okay, but the rest of my family really enjoyed it. My chicken strips did not fail to please my child-like appetite. So if you are starved from the long journey and have no energy to withstand a walk over to a buffet or restaurant, consider room service, you won't be let down. . . Overall, a stylish, clean, and convenient hotel to stay at.
I stayed at Vdara for 4 nights beginning on 8/25/11.  I've stayed at almost all of the other 4 & 5 star resorts in Vegas, and Vdara would be near the top of my list of places to stay again.  The front desk staff was very nice, especially Kendal, who went out of his way to make sure our large group was able to have close/ joining rooms.  I just wanted to mention his name so management knows that he was very nice and professional.. . Our group had serveral different room types.. Standard room-25003: very nice and reasonably priced. Standard room w/ lake view- 25008: very nice size, and spectacular view of water show. (I just wish I could have figured out how to play the music from the water show on the TV in the room). Panoramic Suite-25001: great for 2 adults, but crowded for 3 adults. Decent views, but we couldn't see the Bellagio water show. Also gets a little hot when the sun comes up in the morning. . 2 Bedroom Penthouse Suite- 54004: very very nice.  It's basically a very spacious/upscale 2 bedroom condo.  It has some of the best views of Vegas I've ever seen!  Sleeps 4 to 5 people comfortably, and has 2 full bathrooms!.  If you're going to have 4 people in your group, and you're getting 2 hotel rooms, spend the extra couple hundred a night and experience this room if you can! . . . Overall Pros/Cons: . Pros: . -new, modern, clean, non-smoking.. -3 minute walk to Bellagio and Aria, . -great service, friendly staff. -pretty laid back atmosphere, not a lot of action going on. . -priced extremely reasonable.  (almost half the price of staying at Bellagio, and they are connected, so it's like staying in a new/modern wing of the Bellagio for half the cost!). . Cons: . -no casino (but with how close Aria & Bellagio are, this wasn't a con for me).. -no restaurants except a lobby cafe with average food. (not a prob. though with how close my favorite restaurants at Bellagio and Aria).. -pool was average, not huge like other resorts, but it wasn't too small.  . -Sleeper sofa mattress was extremely uncomfortable to sleep on as a bed, but when folded up it was fine to sleep on as a regular couch. . -We couldn't figure out how to use the media input for the ipod, so we couldn't play our own music.  I didn't ask for any assistance from the hotel, so maybe there was something I overlooked, but I'm pretty familiar with ipods/ect. . . Overall very nice place to stay, and I look forward to staying there again.
I've been coming to Vegas for years, staying at the whole gamut of hotels from Best Westerns (uhhh scary) to this place, Vdara (a classy joint).. The hotel doesn't boast the best restaurants or clubs, but it is known for its spa and low key vibe. . . Compared to all the other hotels, the air quality was not only smoke free, but actually fragrant! Yep, they were actually blowing in scented air- smelled like candy. Mmm candy.... . The room I stayed in boasted a magnificent view of the strip. It was wonderfully clean, beautifully decorated, and spacious. The moment I walked in, I was instantly at ease. With most of the hotels in Vegas you can't avoid 'casino' smell. You know, booze, smokes, and someone else's left over good times (ewww). This place, however, was clean. I'm pretty sensitive to casino air, so when I relaxed comfortably in my room hack free and sans bloodshot eyes, I was ecstatic.. . Vdara is the hotel to stay at when you want a relaxing weekend in Vegas, or in my case, you're there on business.
I thought the hotel was very nice. I got a good rate through bidding on priceline. It was nice that the hotel was smoke free and there was no casino to walk through. I suggest asking for the full kitchen items since they are only available upon request. Otherwise you have to call the desk and request them and the wait can be up to half hour. Another thing to remember is that there will be a $20 resort fee added per day plus tax. Also room service is very expensive. I wrote more in my Vegas blog at letsjetset.com
the Vdara is nice. panoramic windows over looking the city looks so amazing when the sun is coming down. Bring your Top Ramen because they got a stove! . . The only problem i had with this hotel is that the water pressure sucked in the shower.
Amazing.. First things first. Deluxe Suites do not come with robes, ladies CALL FOR HOUSE KEEPING AND THEY WILL BRING YOU A ROBE. The most amazing robe ever. I actually purchased one when i left! . . Second best thing: The HUGE oversized swings outside the lounge. Absolutely amazing to come home on a late night, and relax in this huge swing outside. I absolutely loved it. . . Pros: . Amazing location. Even from our "Basic" room, we had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains on the 33rd floor. . Room service. SO fast, so efficient. Prices were typical for vegas. They come in and set your little table up for your, they are so professional. I loved it. ORDER THE 4 CHEESE PIZZA! YUMMY!. The automatic Shades & Black Out curtains. SO FUN! I have read complaints about not completely blacking out, but it's pretty damn close. No complaints here.. Room service was amazing everyday. They would tidy up my makeup/vanity things. tidy up the counters/tables. It was really nice to come home too! . Big shower. Nice size tub.. Ask front desk for an iPod cord and they will give you one to hook up to the TV to play your iPhone/Pod on! WORTH IT!. Everything was so clean and modern. I love that! It is so nice to come home to a nonsmoking non-gaming hotel. ahhh it smells SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.. Pool is nice - nothing too special. Very mellow though, and I like that. Lots of umbrellas, chairs, loungey type couch things. . A 2 minute walk to Aria and Bellagio. . 4 Minutes to Monte Carlo. . . . Cons: Deathica....oh I mean JESSICA. We had a small issue with her at Check in. Saying I had requested a Top Floor With Bellagio view. NOT TRUE! but she was going to make us pay for the upgrade anyway! BS. After we got that taken care of, things were smooth sailing.. . Check in- FAST!. Check out- got a later one, 12:00 pm, and it was equally as easy. . No delays. No problems. . . I would like to give a shout out to Kendall - he was ABSOLUTELY amazing to work with! . . We will definitely be staying here again if I can talk my hubby into it! :)
Hotel quality and room was as advertised.  Modern decor, very clean and new.  We liked escaping from the cigarette smoke, hustle/bustle of the large casino hotels and strip area.  Pool area was perfect for a few hours of relaxation before going out at night.
I'm usually the kind that thinks you're an idiot if you stay at a non-gaming resort in Vegas. Vdara managed to change my mind. . . Unlike places like the Trump, Four Seasons, etc., Vdara is centrally located so that the walk to several tier one hotels is literally 30 seconds to 3 minutes away (Aria, Cosmo, Bellagio most notably). Add to that the convenience of having huge rooms at low prices through M Life promos and now a personally verified lack-of-death-ray (Google 'Vdara death ray' if you don't get the reference), and you have a solid place to stay in Vegas.. . -1 star for the fact that the toilet's water circ system made it sound as if the thing was speaking to us in tongues (verified by my friends). I'm a pretty tough/manly Marlboro-man-type-dude, but when you're coming back from a long night out at less-than-100% sobriety, stuff like that can draw out some muffled sobs of fear.
I stayed here for just 1 night tacked on to a weekend family reunion at another hotel; I'm still trying to find a "go-to" Vegas hotel with nice rooms at reasonable rates and hopefully a good comps program attached.  For a 5-star hotel, Vdara was a mixed bag.  It is definitely a good price for such a high-quality hotel.  The front desk was cheerful and accomodating, and when I got to the rooms (which I think are all suites?) i was very impressed with the kitchenette/living room/bedroom layout.  The bathroom was clean and very spacious with a nice deep tub and separate shower.  Unfortunately the towels weren't stocked as well as I'd have liked, there was only 1 face towel.  Also, the previous reviews mentioning getting anything from housekeeping is true: I waited 20 minutes for a corkscrew before calling again and waiting another 15 after that; they blamed it on a malfunctioning elevator.  I also tried out the room service which was very professional and tasty to boot.  I went over to the Aria to gamble a little but was disappointed they don't even bother to track table game players wagering less than $25 a hand.  Guess I'm just spoiled by Reno; next time I'll ante up and see what I get for my paltry action, if anything.. . In a nutshell:  very nice rooms with great views.  The employees I met in person were all very nice and professional.  Housekeeping was a pain trying to get stuff from.  I liked the laid-back no-smoking no-gaming atmosphere, but with all of that in walking distance.
We got a great deal here for the Olympia 2011 weekend. . . Booked ourselves a nice 1 bedroom corner suite with the works! Meaning we had our own kitchen to cook all our clean meals for the entire 3.5 days we were staying. And you can just call housekeeping with the push of your hotel phone button and they bring you all your kitchenette needs right away (pots, pans, cutting board, knife, place settings, etc). And if you leave your dishes dirty through the night (not that I would ever do that, I love washing dishes!), the next morning, the housecleaning crew actually takes all the dirty ish outta the kitchen and you can call for a brand new set of stuff. Pretty insane! . . I absolutely LOVE the customer service here. It's definitely top notch. You get free valet service if you're staying there and their valet guys are always very QUICK. Most of the time our car would be parked out front for us.. . I also love the fact that it's a non-smoking hotel. Unless you really crave lung cancer, then walk your booty over to Aria (which is connected to Vdara) and suck in all that mcnasty casino air.. . The bed and pillows were soooo comfy, it was like sleeping on clouds each night. Our friend who slept on the pullout couch had no complaints and he slept like a baby even when we were gettin our freak ON in the bedroom. ;) I love the modern shower and tub too! Especially the shower...it's the perfect size for freaky mcnasty hotel fun too! :). . The only prob I had here, which is slightly minor were the crazy entrances to drive up to the hotel. It's all so confusing since it's combined with Aria and the Crystals Shopping Center. Yikes! Asian drivers here could crash into those ramps quite easily.
My dh and I spent 2 nights here and loved it! We loved that it was smoke-free and very quiet. It was close walking distance to pretty much all of the places we wanted to see so we didn't mind at all. Our deluxe suite was over 600 sq ft and very roomy like a small apartment! I loved the kitchen and we used it to reheat our leftovers and the 2 flat screen tvs were great as well, we could see one in front of the couch and another in front of the bed! The bed and pillows were super comfortable and the bathroom was huge! I loved that there were plenty of drawers and closets in which to store my clothes. The big soaking tub was nice too, I'm glad I remembered to bring my bubble bath! Our room had a nice view of the Bellagio waterfall too which was a nice surprise! We used the gym a couple of times and although it was small and a bit busy in the mornings, we were able to use all the machines and weights we wanted. It was super clean and they had complimentary bottles of water. We will definitely stay here again!
My girlfriends and I were lucky to spend a Saturday night at this fabulous hotel. I cannot comment specifically on the price since it was paid for by my friend's husband as a birthday present, but based on other hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, this was top notch and probably worth its price. There was the iHeart music festival going on the weekend we went, so prices were a little higher than normal for this time of year.. . This hotel is a fantastic choice if you aren't a fan the smoke filled casinos that most Vegas places boast. Quiet and smoke free - yes please! All the rooms are suites, and therefore very spacious. We didn't use the kitchenette but was very thankful to have a refrigerator in the room! It was nice that they stocked it with a couple FREE waters as well. BEST PART: the panoramic view from our suite of the north end of Las Vegas/the Strip.We were able to watch the Bellagio fountain show (minus the music) from our "living room". I enjoyed the modern decor, spacious bathrooms, comfortable beds (even the pull-out couch was decent, and queen-sized!) Service was fantastic - from the valets to the bellboys to housekeeping who came at 4am to make up the pull-out couch. It is not far off from the Strip. I loved how we were able to walk to the Cosmopolitan, or take the tram from Aria to either Monte Carlo or Bellagio.. . The one complaint: the bathroom door handle was unsecured and kept falling off so we couldn't lock the bathroom. Not a problem so much as an inconvenience when it would fall on the floor with a clatter and wake us up! Also some people didn't like the idea that there is no self-parking. However, valet is free (you just have to tip them obviously!). . Additionally, we visited the Spa and fitness center during our stay. The fitness center is free for guests and is very spacious for a hotel gym. It had multiple treadmills/elliptical machines that each had their own TVs attached. There were several weight machines and free weights. The Spa was about average for Vegas spas (sorry, nothing has been able to beat Caesars yet!) While I didn't get a spa service, my friends loved their 50 minute massages. The sauna and steam room were spacious and there was a small Jacuzzi to relax in. Sadly there was no indoor pool, but the hotel pool only one floor up.. . If I could get a decent deal for a room, I'd definitely stay here again!
So we checked in and we realized we were getting the wrong room...when you reserve a hospitality suite for six ppl and you end up with two kings..you get an unhappy customer.  Walked back downstairs and asked an awesome concierge and she solved the problem in ten minutes. Thank you!.. sorry for forgetting her name. The correct suite was fabulous!! Awesome view of all the planes flying into lv, 2.5 bathrooms, a huge kitchen, lots of storage, a washer/dryer...I could keep going, but go and enjoy for yourself!!
My wife and I stayed here back in April of 2011 and we loved it. The hotel is very classy and modern and it's not on the strip so there's not a lot of human traffic. You can access the strip by going through Bellagio or taking the tram to Aria. When we were there we stayed at the 50th floor, the most beautiful view ever, best of all is the price. It's not as expensive as some of the other hotels (best bang for the buck).
My husband and I stayed at the Vdara for 3 nights last week and I must say we loved it. . . The Vdara definitely allows you to have your cake and eat it too. The hotel is slightly off the strip and the Bellagio, Aria and Monte Carlo are all connected and the strip is only a short walk. . . The Vdara is a non smoking non casino hotel and is very relaxing, but if you feel like gambling, inhaling second hand smoke or engaging in any of the other activities Vegas has to offer this hotel is so conveniently located that all the Vegas amenities are very accessible. . . The staff was very friendly and the hotel really feels like a spa with modern contemporary decor and utilized clean lines to give a sleek and finished look. . . When we entered the room we noticed a kitchen area and a dinning table but you have to get the pots, pans, plates and utensils from housekeeping. . . We walked past the entry way and there was a king bed , flat screen tv, and a sitting area with a couch, coffee and end tables. My husband noticed that the tables in the room were dusty and when our luggage was brought my husband told the bell hop that the room was dusty when he asked if everything was ok. . . A representative from housekeeping immediately came to the room to remedy the problem. . . The bathroom was large and very attractive. There was a large soaking tub and a separate shower. The two things that would have made it better was if there were 2 sinks and if the toilet was in a separate little room. . . In the evening of our first night we wanted to take a shower before going out and quickly noticed that there were only 2 wash cloths. BTW I hate when I go to hotels that know there are 2 people in the room and only leave 2 towels. I called housekeeping to get more face towels and they said that they would bring them right up (housekeeping is said to be available 24/7). . . Almost an hour goes by and no towels I looked out the door to see if there was a housekeeping cart in the hallway and got lucky. I went down a few doors and was able to get a few towels off the cart. Yes I did it again before we left but this time I was sure to get enough to last the whole stay. . . The bed was really comfortable unless we were fooled because we were so tired from being in Vegas and being up so late each night. . . There are black out shades that were operated by a switch on the wall and I will agree with the other reviews that say there were gaps in the shades therefore the room is not completely dark but it was dark enough for us and did not interfere with our sleep at all. . . We ate a snack at the bar (sliders, fries, salad), breakfast at the market cafe (bagel sandwich, muffin, orange juice) and ordered room service (buffalo and bbq wings, tomato soup, carrots, celery, bread). The sliders and bbq wings were really good but everything else was just okay. . . The Vdara is a modern hotel that feels like home away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas without being too far. We will definitely stay here again.
Quiet- no casino.. . Clean- no smoking allowed.. . Staff- courteous and did everything asked of them.. . Size of the rooms were excellent. It had large windows which gave you a great view of other hotels and desert (this is Vegas, duh!). While I didn't lounge there, the pool area looked like a prime location to absorb hazardous amounts of UV rays.
Second time staying here.  This time stayed in the two-story, two bedroom penthouse suite.  The room was great!!  The staff was very accommodating.  One of my favorite hotels to stay at in Las Vegas.
I must say that I am totally pleased with my stay here at Vdara.  I am sure it helps that I was upgraded to a huge suite for no additional $.  However, the staff is pleasant...amenities are great and I love that there is no casino downstairs.  I have already booked my room here for my next visit.
We have stayed here 3 times. This was the first in a smaller suite. So the 4th star is because there was no Aveda in our suite, no coffee maker , robes, or slippers. Although it did appear we could have called down to have them sent up. . . Th water pressure was low in my shower, and the iron was connected to the ironing board so it was harder to iron (if this matters to you). . . Also, our fun Vdara cafe wasn't open at all so I wasn't able to get my Benedict and coffee like always. I am unsure what they are doing there right now. . . But then why 4 stars? Because of the signature scent, the pool atmosphere, the staff, and well it is Vdara. If you want a boutique non-gaming LV experience this is it. You can walk over to Cosmopolitan or Bellagio so this is perfect.
This is a very nice hotel. There is no casino at this hotel, so it is a drawback. If you want to gamble, you either have to walk to the Aria or the Cosmopolitan. Besides that, the hotel was very clean, service was good and the atmosphere was good too. Stayed here for my bacholars party. The room had a very nice decor to it. It was modern and had upscale amenities. Would stay here again if ever in Vegas. Parking is valet and if you want to park your own car, you can park it at the Cosmopolitan parking structure.
Determined to check out the most recent hotels in Vegas, I stayed at the Vdara during my recent visit.  My co-worker told me that it was confusing to get to the hotel.  It was "different". As long as you read and follow the signs, then there is no problem.  But if someone can't do that, then something is wrong. . . In the valet area, it was not congested at all. The max cars I saw at in the area at one time was approx 7.  As a result, it does not take long for them to bring the car around.  I did notice something that I would give them a strike for: there aren't any chairs or benches to sit and wait while valet brings the car around.  Again, it doesn't that long for them to retrievethe cars, so I guess they figured they wouldn't need them.  But it would be nice to add a sitting area while you wait.  Especially for those who have to use a walker or those who cannot stand long.. . The lobby... very simple and nice.  There's the registration desk, bell desk, a cafe, a restaurant (for private parties), and a bar that has an amazing sitting area.  With the bar, you have the choice to sit at the bar as usual.  But for a large group meeting/reuniting, the bar's lounge area is perfect. Check-in was quick and painless.  No issues there. The elevator "talks". It says the basics: going up, going down, "x" floor.. . The rooms: . First there's only 2 views: the pool/Aria Hotel and the city view: 15N/ North and East Las Vegas.  Because of the positioning of the hotel, a strip view is not an option.  The rooms are nice.  As you enter, you have your kitchen/dining area.  There are eyes/burners to cook, but pots/pans/etc are provided upon request. The quality of the mattress was okay. To me it felt like a medium.  Personally, I like firm mattresses.  Big fluffy pillows of the same quality: when lay your head on it, it seems as though the stuffing has moved and now the pillow is wrapped around your head.  There's 4 pillows on the bed.  Each person will need 2 pillows to get the support they may be seeking.  If there's an additional person sleeping on the sofa bed, additional pillows will be required.. . The amenities:. Let's start with the ironing board.  They have them locked together.  Let's say a person wanted to lightly steam something and not use the ironing board....not going to happen.  The iron cannot be removed from the ironing board.  They've got them locked together that it's even hard to iron your clothes at the rounded edge of the board.  The iron will not reach; they have it on a short leash like that.. . The bathroom was nice. Another thing was missing.  Ladies, please bring your own blow/hair dryer.  There is not one in the room (I thought that was odd). Robes are provided.....upon request. Separate tub and shower.  Bathtub was amazing. However, it is not a friendly user for people with any disabilities.  The shower is better- there's a bench to sit on inside.. . The challenges of this hotel: there's a cafe, but nowhere to really sit-down have a nice meal. You'll have to walk across the way to Aria for that (and to gamble, too).. . Bottom line, this hotel is perfect for a bride-to-be to take her bridal party and have spa treatments.  But to party it up, it's too inconvenient to stay here.
Got a fabulous suite for a bachelorette party earlier in the winter. A ginormous bigger than king-size bed, pristine bathroom, very comfortable living room area with a pull-out bed that will fit three 5'4 girls comfortably, and then we laid on the bed and almost never got up. The bed fit 5 girls and we almost missed our flight. Nice TV with a plethora of channels, including a radio that was a nice way to pre-game before a crazy night out. Loved it!. . It's funny because this hotel does not have its own casino but it's right next to Aria and fairly close to Bellagio. That could be good, and that could be bad. It's all relative. . . Downside is not much of a restaurant/cafe downstairs on top of not having its own casino, but if you like being away from the madness, then I highly recommend. I should have explored the outdoor amenities more but I was trying to cram too much into a jam packed 48 hour bacheloration party.
I enjoyed staying at this newly (2 years old) built high rise.  I asked for a suite with a view of the Bellagio fountain (thank you yelpers).  The hotel is "environmentally friendly", which means few of the standard items are not provided for automatically until you ask for it; however the service is fast and personalized.. . The shower drain and the sinks in the bathroom were severely backed up.. . As for the facilities...the hotel only has a cafe.  Although it is next to Aria and Bellagio (3 minute walk), there still is something to be said about convenience of facilities within the hotel.
This review is all about the HOTEL -  didn't make it to their Spa:. . We really enjoyed our stay at the Vdara hotel.  The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating to our every request.  I LOVED the fact that it is a non-smoking and non-gambling hotel.  Sometimes I just need to get away from all the smoke (so stinky) and noise.  We were there for 5 days/4 nights (for both business & pleasure) and if I was in any other hotel, I think it would have been too long.  . . PROs:. *Great spot - centrally located on the strip, easy to get to everything from Bellagio, Cosmopolitan to Aria and shopping.  . *Beautiful Hotel, modern/contemporary design. *Super comfortable beds. *Non-smoking. *Quiet lobby. *View from our corner suite was AMAZING! We could see the Bellagio Fountains and it felt like our room(s) were all-windows on one side.  . *Our suite had a washer/dryer and beautiful kitchen with upscale appliances.  This was great as my kids came a little later and not having to drag them out for breakfast and snacks was ideal.. *Kitchen had full-refrigerator, dishwasher, coffee maker, range and microwave.. *Elevators were FAST! . *FREE Wi-Fi (at least in your room) - although it seemed like we were limited on our phones (Facebook was almost impossible to get). *The blackout shades or shade only options were really nice, especially if some in your party tend to like to sleep in during the day.  . *Awesome bathrooms - very large tub and shower with seat. *Staff was cordial (front desk & housekeeping, especially). . CONs:  . *Very limited options for food on-site.  You really have to either order room service or walk over to Aria.  The little snack bar downstairs felt more like a school cafeteria with over-priced snacks.. *The pool was nothing grand, which was a bit disappointing for Vegas.  Although I will say - I was pleasantly surprised that they had a lifeguard on duty (as small as it was).  Towels were readily available and the smoothie bar was nice.  . *In order to use the little pool (and I mean LITTLE, as in - ideal for toddlers), you had to rent a cabana.  . *Limited staff available at the Concierge Desk - every time I went down there, there was only 1 person to help and a line of folks need help.  I think only 1x did I go and there were two people staffing the area.  . *Valet parking ONLY - it gets old feeling like you have to tip them EVERY time...and even when you just need to run up to your room for 5 minutes to grab something - they still park your car, even though they say they'll hold it for you.. *If your window faces ANY of your neighbors, USE YOUR SHADES!  I didn't realize they weren't tinted enough and YOU CAN SEE RIGHT THROUGH THEM!  I'm sure our neighbors saw us at some point in our underwear!  It wasn't until one night I was coming out of the kitchen, I could see our neighbors closing their shades! . *Would not recommend adults sleeping on the sofa beds!  Super uncomfortable.  That's just the nature of sofa beds, though - right?. . Great place to stay if you have family and need the extra in-room amenities.  If you're there for a weekend with your spouse or friends and wanna party - you're probably better suited to stay where you play (Ceasar's or Venitian) and can just stumble up to your room at 5am. ;o)
I'ved stayed here twice now and I'm def. a fan. First, it's walking distance to Marquee so that is AWESOME in terms of not having to catch a cab or anything. In fact, it's pretty walking distance to all the new hotels so it's kind of awesome. The hotel itself is nice and quiet (since there's no gambling in the actual hotel). It's kind of nice to get away from all the craziness and stay at a place where you can actually have a moment of silence in the city that never sleeps. The staff is pretty friendly, the rooms are clean and nice, overall...it's pretty awesome. Some reviews noted that they had their stuff stolen but we haven't had that problem....yet.
So,. I'm a total fan!. . Our stay was very reasonably price, especially when splitting the bill between a few girlfriends.  . . The hotel's layout is beautiful, simple, but modern, and luxurious without being over the top.. . As we all know; Vegas is known for being "just a tad" over the top, so it was nice to see something with a little less fluff, and glitter, and a little more genuine class.. . I love how the hotel has multiple elevators; a set which attend to the first few levels, and another set which focus their attention to the higher floors.. I think this really cut's down on foot traffic.. . The pool is large and very nice, but seems a little too laid back for my appetite.  A hot or scantily clad bikini wouldn't be a bed thing, I mean just because it's not a beach club, doesn't mean the pool crew should look like retirement central.  No offense to the retired community, one day I'll too be lounging in the sun without a care in the world, and unconcerned about my unshaven legs, but today just isn't that day.  . . That being said... if your in your 20's and 30's, I'd seriously encourage you to skip the pool.. . Ordering food from the room, was definitely an experience.. 10 minutes after room-service closed, we ordered some diner.  Yeah... It was close to 3 or 4 am.  None the less, room-service delivered our meal, within the time frame specified.  As if that weren't enough, my mini burgers arrived on a cute little plate with fries and several mini bottles (2" high) of condiments.  Adorable!. . On the downside:  I just wish room-service could have stopped by at least once without having to be called, during our 3 day stay!. . Overall this place was a big win!
Location is great. You can easily access Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan, Monte Carlo, New York, New York, Paris, Ballys and more!. . The room was comfortable. We checked in very late and it was quiet. I requested a different pillow...all they have in the room are fluffy feather ones, which I despise. They gave me a different pillow (no feathers) but still light and fluffy, sigh.. . We ordered room service for breakfast each morning, which was great. We could eat while we were getting ready and figuring out what to do for the day. Found the prices reasonable (it's room service) and the food was excellent. . . DIdn't have the Aveda lotions/shampoo's etc.(just their Vdara 'brand') or could I find a "dock" for my iPhone. Oh well, brought my own supplies.. . Would stay here again for location if the price was right. . . Housekeeping seems to do a good job here as well, kudos!
I absolutely love this place and wish we could have stayed more then 2 nights. It felt like we were staying in an apartment, it was big with a full kitchen, fridge, dining room table, living area w/ flat screen, bedroom w/ flat screen, one full bath and one half bath. They even provided coffee, water bottles, and robes/slippers.. . Ideal for someone who wants to end their night in Vegas feeling like they are coming home, not to mention there was an obvious lack of noise and smoke from a casino. Short walk to the Cosmopolitan and everything near that. Staff was very friendly, great pool, and the most amazing part was the black out curtains that you controlled with a remote on the wall.. . We will stay here again, highly suggest you stay here if you are not into being super wild and crazy in Vegas and prefer a classy time.. . P.S. I only made it a 4/5 because of the price. Ouchy.
I like Vdara in that it has a good location. It is off of the strip, but has a direct walkway through the bellagio.. . This resort does not have a casino, but is nice and quiet. Very relaxing atmosphere. . . The only down side is that it lacks food venues.. . The concierge was really helpful. Overall, great service and great ambiance.. . I would definitely recommend this place when staying in Vegas!
Because I've stayed here when City Center just opened, it was quiet and less occupied, especially without the casino.. . This time around because I stayed during the Pacquiao/Marquez fight weekend; IT WAS PACKED!!! Seemed more fun and like I was, actually, on The Strip.. . The space in the lobby was, also, better than I recalled.. They have a little grocery store/market/cafe which is just what Vdara needed. Having to walk all the way to Aria just for a bottled water is too much to ask for after a night out sometimes, feel me.. . The room we got was, also, better than the one we last had. We had a corner room with the view of Cosmo and The Strip.
A hidden gem!!  My husband and I recently came to Vegas for a weekend and booked Vdara for about $168 a night.  Considering Vdara is a new hotel in the City Center, it's an amazing deal.  Once you enter the hotel, you get an amazing whiff of lavender (or something) instead of disgusting cigarettes, but that's because there's no casino in here.  The bottom level pretty much consists of a lounge, restaurant/mini-mart, and check-in area.  When you're leaving the hotel, you can go one way and take the tram to Bellagio and the rest of the City Center or exit through the main doors and walk across the way either the Cosmo or Aria.  My only complaint is that it's hard finding your way back to Vdara because like I said, it's hidden and there aren't many signs for it.  Just remember your original route and back track.. . We got the most basic room with a King bed and pull out couch and a big bathroom with a stand-up shower and small tub - NOT a hot tub or jacuzzi.  There's also a mini kitchen with a stove, sink and microwave!  I already have a room booked here at Vdara for EDC weekend and I cannot wait!!
I decided to book a stay at Vdara for a mini vacation. They had a promotion going for about $109 per night on the weekdays plus a $50 daily resort credit. I was sold... . . . The good:. . - They are located right in the middle of the strip. Bellagio, Aria and Caesar Palace are all a short walking distance from the Vdara. They have a free tram that takes you to Monte Carlo if you decide to venture out towards that direction. . - Customer service was awesome. Staff was courteous and quick. They always addressed me by my last name, which I found a bit weird at first but i quickly grew fond of it and it made me feel like someone important. . . - In room dining was quick and the presentation of the food was nice. The person that brought our food arrived in less than 20 minutes and he actually set up all the plates and utensils for us. On-top of that, he also brought a vase with roses in them... brownie points. . . - The hotel room itself was clean and spacious. . . - It's a non-smoking hotel so none of that smoggy cigarette filled air.. . . The bad:. . - Valet parking only. No self-park.. . - No casino.. . - One eatery and one bar located inside the hotel.. . Overall, I had a great experience. I would recommend the fountain-view room over the city-view room because you get to watch the Bellagio water show and you also get a nice view of the Vegas strip. I would definitely come back again.
I'm beginning to like staying at non-gaming and non-smoking hotels in Vegas. I've stayed at the Platinum Hotel (off the strip) and now here at Vdara, which offers a complete opposite experience from your standard hotel on the strip: . . NO casino = NO blaring sounds/jarring lights upon entering. NO clubs = NO gathering of drunk and loud  d*bags or beezys stumbling about  . NO smoking = NO cigarette/cigar stank and NO secondhand smoke. . The rooms are all mini suites that come included with a combined mini kitchen & dining area.  Our kitchen consisted of a microwave, mini fridge, and plenty of cupboard space (cookware is available upon request).  Our dining area consisted of a table and 4 chairs. Our main room had separate sleeping and sitting areas.  A dividing wall, with dual flat screen tvs on either side, separated the areas from each other. The bathroom was nice and big with a nice sized and deep bathtub.  There was only one sink and the shower was average sized.  Our bed was nice and big and the pillows...OMG the pillows! If I could, I would've smuggled a set back home. The pillows were a nice size with just the right amount of softness and firmness. . . We had a expansive wall sized window view of the rear of Bellagio. The shades are controlled by a switch in the kitchen (odd) and only in the mornings did me and my boyfriend realize that the "blackout" option for the shades still allowed a "nice" stream of light to get into our room: not good after a long day and night of galavanting around Vegas -_-. . **Access to and from the surrounding hotels is pretty easy**:. -The rear entrance of Aria shares a roundabout with the front entrance of Vdara. Its about a 2 minute walk using the outdoor and uncovered roundabout walkway to and from Aria. We made this walk multiple times during our recent stay since Aria is the closest hotel with a casino and restaurants.. -The Bellagio is accessible directly from Vdara using an outdoor covered walkway. The walk is a bit longer with not much sightseeing along the way but it definitely beats having to take a taxi OR walking along the strip among a mass of random people. -The Cosmopolitan is accessible from Vdara and while the walk isn't too bad, we had to go outside and take a set of stairs, a few feet away from the Vdara entrance, to the street level to get to the Cosmo.  But we didn't have to go out onto the strip at all. The walk to the Cosmo is bit longer than the walk to Aria, but definitely shorter than the walk to Bellagio.  . . The hotel decor has a modern edge yet serene vibe to it. The main floor consists of "Market Cafe Vdara" the only place in the hotel to get food, drink, groceries, etc; a swanky lounge barl; the front desk; and the main lobby that offered plenty of comfy seating, located near the guest elevators. . . I probably wouldn't have stayed at Vdara if it hadn't been for the Expedia package I was able to get: $350/person (taxes and fees already included) for our hotel stay and flight from Friday-Monday.  . . After experiencing what Vdara has to offer, I'd definitely come back :)
I stayed at the Vdara in a regular suite as well as the city center corner suite. This hotel is beautiful, very modern yet close to futuristic. What is nice about Vdara is that there is no casino you need to force yourself through, so it's great for families or for those who are terrible gamblers. It's a nonsmoking hotel, too, so yay for clean air! . . The suites are super trendy and nice, and the full length windows show you the beauty of Las Vegas. It's a great experience staying here but does kind of lack that Vegas vibe.. . There's always pretty good deals and sales, if you visit their website or sign up for their newsletter, they'll give you discount codes.
This was my staging ground for the epic fail Rock and Roll Las Vegas 1/2 Marathon on 12/4/2011. Big ups to fellow Yelper Hideki K. for securing this room via Jetsetter. We had 6 people rooming up in this spacious corner suite with 2 beds. We were on the 35th floor with gorgeous views of the Rio in the distance. Luckily for me, my room mates were quite the partiers and clubbers, so I got to sleep in one of the beds for both nights I was there.. . The Vdara hotel was as amazing as it is. Its quite sqanky as it was luxurious. Its connected to the Bellagio, so you can manuevor in between the hotels. There is the tram to go to the Monte Carlo from the Vdara, so that was a free option for me. I learned the hard way, when I had to spend $15 to go from the Vdara to the Mandalay Bay, when I could've did the trams from Vdara to Monte Carlo, walk to Excalibur and take the tram to Mandalay Bay. Ugh. I guess that's the price for being fast.. . The Vdara's lobby was pretty classy, but normal for Vegas, as it was supposed to be as large and exquisite as it gets. I haven't seen the casino yet at the Vdara, so I can't comment on that. Do they have a casino? LoL. But yeah, it was a nice, posh property to be in. Recommended totally!!!
A nice hotel a stone's throw away from the Strip. We liked the fact that they didn't have a casino on the premises, but still was close to the action - an indoor walkway to Bellagio.. Our suite had a full kitchen, but no utensils, and not even a coffee maker...The rooms were neatly decorated, though.
Vdara is a nice and clean hotel.  I give it 4 stars since the rooms and room service is good.  But 3 stars on everything else.  First off there is no gaming so there is nothing here to do.  They have 1 market that is really expensive.  $5 for powerade, $3 water.  It's best you get these things before you come here.  They have 1 bar.  There is really nothing here.  It gets pretty boring and to go to something you have to walk to Aria.  I tried walking to Cosmopolitan and that took forever... next time I'll just take a cab.  LOL.
After staying at a few hotels in Vegas, I got to say Vdara is now one of my favourites!!. . I liked their non-trippy decor. The simple clean design and suites were great! I loved the beds n pillows but the other half thought the beds were strange and too soft (to each his own).. . Check in was a breeze. Jordan helped us and was great! Efficient and had a great personality. Our experience with the rest of the service staff was stellar (altho SIL did not have the same, she waited 1/2 hour for her luggage because the guy that helped them  took their ticket and forgot about them!!!). . I appreciate the Cafe at the lobby that has GREAT coffee. They sell some basic groceries and all the suites have a stove top so one could cook breakfast or a late night snack! Pans and all types of kitchen ware can be requested~. . The downside is the $20 resort fee and the fact that they dont have their own casino. But w the Aria casino, it is not too much of an issue (unlike Trump).
The Vdara is a nice change from all the casino/resort hotels on the strip. Tucked away in City Center, it is easily accessible, but feels like its in a world by itself. The rooms are nice (clear and modern with great in-room technology).. . The pool area can get super crowded and the 'smoothie bar' is a counter with prepackaged smoothie mixes. However, the staff is wonderful, location is superb, and the direct connection to the Bellagio is super convenient.
Vdara is a nice quiet place to stay, away from the hustle and bustle.  The valet was great and super fast.  There were nocrowds and plenty of taxis.  The room was very large and had a good view of the Bellagio fountains and pools.  At night, it was great to see the fountain show every 15 minutes.  The kitchenette was cute and I wish I had brought a frozen tv dinner just to use the microwave/convection oven.
Vdara is an annoying name... people keep thinking you are saying 'Dara'.  I'm sorry what, you're staying at Dara?  No Vuuuhh--dara!  Vuuuuuuuuuuuhhh!!!!!. . Anyway, Vuuhhdara is a decent place to stay if you want to stay in a more quiet hotel with newer rooms.  It is a short walk to the Aria and Bellagio casinos, and a slightly longer walk to Monte Carlo and Cosmopolitan.  The only nearby food is overpriced, typifying the nickel-and-dime-ing you see so much of in Vegas lately.  You'll have to go to the food court in Monte Carlo or the Planet Hollywood mall across the street to find something cheap.. . The Parking situation is not great; you either can valet or self park at Bellagio or Aria and have a long walk.. . Service is ok.  The check in guy seemed so bored he forgot he asked me how my trip was, and asked me again half-way through checking me in.  They usually will let you upgrade to a bigger room if you book a smaller one, though not necessarily for free.  Didn't try the $20 trick so not sure what that will get you.  Housekeeping seemed to follow the do-not-disturb / please disturb signals exactly... I never heard or saw them, but when we left and came back, the room was cleaned.. . Do search for discount codes through http://www.lasvegasadvisor.com/ or something similar when you book.  I got 2 free buffets and a lower rate than the normal one advertised.
Yay! I'm a fan!. . Upsides:. -Nonsmoking. It was perfect since I was in Vegas celebrating our anniversary and was on the tail end of a cold. The air here was still super dry but housekeeping was nice enough to send up a humidifier for me.. -Service was prompt! We checked in super early and they told us to eat lunch and come back so by 1PM we already had a lovely suite to hang out in.. -Clean! Cleanliness is super important.... and the carpets in the room and the bathrooms were uber clean. I think CSI and their black light would be impressed.. -Free Valet! Don't forget to tip the guys!. . Downsides:. -Valet department couldn't find our car = 15 minute wait while the guy drove around the parking structure in someone else's car looking for our car.. -Only one "snackbar/grocery" + bar instead of a full fledged restaurant. -Stupid roundabout circular driveway was confusing since the signs sucked!!. -Only one sink. SERIOUSLY!? They have this huge counter space and only one sink. All the other resorts I've stayed at had at least two sinks!!! I know.... something small to gripe about but I tend to take over an entire sink and I don't like sharing. I'm an only child.. . Sign up for the MGM rewards card... they'll send you lots of hotel rates that are on sale. We got this for $120 a night plus $20 dollars of resort credit. We used it on buying chocolate covered strawberries and a lox bagel downstairs.. . Check out was a breeze and we were happy and well rested.
This was our first time staying at this hotel and we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were VERY nice and quite modern in the decor. The bed was amazing and we already miss the pillows. Only drawbacks was the check in process which was unbelievably slow.  We felt like the hotel desk attendants could have been friendlier, moved a little faster and been  more apologetic for the wait. Otherwise, great location....close to the Aria, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood and Cosmopolitan hotels. Also nice if you happen to be traveling with a family as the rooms include a small kitchenette with a stove, ,microwave and fridge.
4 STARS just because the "housekeeping" service was a little messed up, and the shower that was very low pressure.. It was a 4 night stay and even the light for "cleaning" where on, they didn't showed up for 2 days.. . Anyways... The place it's amazing! Love it! Will definitely go back, great view, great smell, organized, great storage, clean bathroom, and no casino! Wich for me was great, feels like home after the "craziness" of Vegas.. . Oh, also, the little cafe in front of the entrance has a AMAZING burger! A must have!
I would definitely stay here again! Me and my husband stayed here for 3 nights during thanksgiving. We got a special promotion with 2 free breakfast buffet so it was pretty nice and not that expensive compare to other hotels on the strip. . . What I love most about this hotel is the fact it doesn't have a casino in the lobby. It's kind of refreshing no to have to go through a casino to go to your room.... We got a deluxe suite which had a really nice view and was quite big.. . My only complaint with this hotel is the cleaning system. There was a light next to the door that you could change in order to have your room cleaned (green light) or if you didn't want to be disturb (red light). We actually didn't really notice the light until we arrive at 7pm one day and the room was not clean. It was not us who change the light to red as we didn't even know... We called the reception and someone came right away to clean the room but still it was kind of frustrating..... I guess next time I will have to pay more attention in these kind of new modern hotels....
I'm not gonna lie--this is the first time I've spent more than $100/night at a hotel in Vegas. I can't compare this to the Trump, Wynn, or Bellagio. Since my Vegas standards are so low, I love this hotel!. . You're first greeted by the valet guys. No self-park, just valet. I don't know what's wrong with some of you, but valet is awesome! I don't want to walk a mile in a stuffy (and for half the year 120 degrees) parking garage.  (And yet, I'm THAT person who won't let housekeeping touch my room, hah.). . Then, you enter the hotel and immediately notice..hey! No smoke..no casino. The lobby smells incredible and is much appreciated after walking through other hotels/casinos.. . The rooms are large and equipped with practically a full kitchen--sink, two burner stove, mini fridge, kitchen table, etc.  According to others you have to ask for dinnerware, but I didn't check to confirm (who cooks in Vegas??).  We had two TVs, one facing the bed and one facing the couch.  Speaking of the bed...SOOO comfy!  Loved it.. . The reason I didn't give it five stars is I have a couple minor complaints.  The water pressure in the shower is a joke.  Ladies, be prepared to be washing your hair for a loooong time.  Also?  The bar of soap kind of sucks and smells bad, too.  The room also didn't have a hair dryer in it.  I'm sure I could have requested one, but I didn't have time for that.  The vanity mirror in our room was broken and the lights didn't work, making it slightly more difficult to do my makeup.  And last, but not least, our room clock was like 6 hours off.  I'd think housekeeping would reset the clock when turning over the room, but guess not.  Not a huge deal, but worth mentioning why I can't afford this great hotel a five star review.. . Now back to the good stuff.  When you retrieve your car from valet, they ask you if you need directions.  I thought that was pretty cool.  They also offer free water at the valet station.. . Overall, I loved this hotel and can't wait to stay again.  It's nice to have a quieter, non-smoking hotel to come back to after a long day on the strip.
A beautiful place to stay if you are looking for great rates, great service, and a little bit of quiet time.  Vdara is one of the 'greener' hotels that offers spa treatments instead of casinos.  A nice break to have from time to time, or if you're coming with someone special and you just want to relax.  The Aria is right next door, and there is convenient tram service at the front door.  Suites are huge and very modern.  We were able to cram 8 people into one of the Vdara suites with no problem.  Almost all the high tier suites offer a breathtaking view.  I won't hesitate to come here again, since the square footage is about the same as PH Westgate but the price advantage really makes it better.
We decided to book here for our weekend getaway in Vegas and I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised with the overall experience. Especially after all the mixed reviews of this place on Yelp, I was a bit wary of spending 3 nights here instead of our usual choice. Yes, it is valet parking only when you arrive so unless you plan on self parking over at Aria next door and walking all your luggage over yourself just shell out the $2/$3 and tip the guys. We chose to walk the strip whenever we left our hotel so our car ended up staying put in valet all weekend until checkout. . . The check in was accompanied with really good service and speed. We got an upgraded room on the 51st floor with a corner view suite by asking.  For such a high floor their elevators are quick! In no time we were in our rooms and checking out the city views throughout the room. The whole suite was immaculately clean with a small kitchen and dining area, washing and drying unit, and a huge bathroom with a separate vanity area. During the course of our stay, housekeeping visited everyday at the same time without having to request, which was nice. We had some friends over in our suite one night and our door was accidentally left open and security arrived to check to make sure our room was ok because they were alerted it was open. That's a plus to know they're actually monitoring this place and our rooms. So the only downside on my behalf is the lame resort fee that includes two bottles of water, wifi, and access to their fitness center which we didn't make use of. Oh and their market cafe was ridiculously overpriced.
I have stayed at the Vdara twice and have found it a wonderful place to stay while in Las Vegas.  It is not your typical Las Vegas strip hotel in that there is no casino.  . . This means a couple of things: 1) you can keep more of your hard earned money and 2) there won't be a ton of random people walking through the hotel which makes getting cab at night easier.  . . It's location in City Center is ideal if you like shopping.  And it's close proximity to The Bellagio and Cosmopolitan put you right next to a couple of great hotel/casino situations.. . The rooms are well appointed, albeit a bit dark at night.  The staff are always helpful and friendly with additional security by the elevators.  I've had nothing but great experiences in this hotel.
This place has quickly become my go-to suite hotel to stay in while I'm in Vegas.. Get the corner suite if you can, the view is awesome.. . in-room keurig is a nice touch.. . Keep in mind there's no casino here.  Strictly rooms, suites and a few bars.  The walk to Aria, Crystals and Bellagio is close enough to walk to quickly.. . Will return for SEMA/CES.
What I liked:. . I took it because my wife hate cigarette smoke, it's non smoking hotel, good for kids. Hotel rooms are in a modern hi-tech style, look pretty good.. . . My dislikes:. . There is no restaurant or buffet in the hotel, the closest one is around 10-15 min away (Aria or Crystal). Their web site says it's 2 min walk, it's just not true. Room service is very limited in menu, good maybe for breakfast only. . . There is kitchenette, but it's pretty useless, there is no kitchen utensils at all, nothing! You can order something calling to room service, but takes for while to deliver it. We waited for 40 min to had wine opener delivered in our room.. . Pool is pretty small and far from amazing.
Great hotel. Great service from the front desk. Have no complaints about the hotel. . . The only downside is the walk to casinos, though not too bad if you want to go to Aria. . . Definitely worth the stay.
Always a solid stay. . Needed extra blankets: they were delivered within minutes. . Needed partial room-service: was accomplishedbeautifully. . Wanted to get on the guest list for a club: The concierge was more than helpful..  . This is all in addition to having a fantastic room. The location is prime and its uber mellow. There is no casino but the Aria, Cosmopolitan & Bellagio are all a 5 minute walk away. People visit Vegas for many reasons. If you're visiting with a massive group of friends and want to get s***-faced every night, stay elsewhere.
LOVE this hotel. I don't know how it gets bad reviews. service was on point: bell boys were awesome, elevator attendants that check for your key card (aka workers that took our picture every night) awesome, front desk awesome... everything was great!! . . The hotel is tucked away from the strips main street level so be aware of that. If you cut through aria youll end up at Crystals, don't take the tram bc it just takes too long. Even easier, if you take the elevator outside down to street level you can just cross the street and end up at Cosmo. I don't think many ppl know this hence all the complaints. It really isn't a far walk to anything especially considering that there's no casino to navigate through. The employees were nice enough to let us know tips and tricks! . . The room: the suite was just like an apartment. Washer/Dryer, filtered water in the fridge, dining area, living space, and really nice bedroom/2 bath. SOOOO FANCY! Three of us slept in the bed and fit comfortably :). Bathtub is a must. I LOVED it! Everything was clean and stocked. We asked for more towels and they were up in less than 15 mins. oh and also the sink space/mirror allowed me and all my girls to get ready at the same time. hooorah for that. . . Again: NO CASINO. short walk to Aria so don't let that be a deterrant. vibe is classy and quiet. . . The market cafe closes early for all you late night munchers. I wouldn't give them a great rating based off of their sandwiches, hot chocolate, and cheesecake that I had. walk to ABC and bring stuff to your room.
Driving up to the Vdara can be a little confusing.  You really need to pay attention to the signs.  It can get a little crazy.  This hotel smelled incredible.  Whatever they pump in the vents makes you want to walk around inhaling this stuff.   I could not get enough of this good smelling stuff.  Usually when you're in Vegas all you smell is cigarettes, but not in this place.  . . When we checked in we wanted to see if we could get upgraded to anything and we actually got upgraded to a suite.  Our views were amazing.  Don't know how I'll be able to stay in a regular hotel room again. . . Keep in mind when you're booking your hotel that this is a hotel only and does not have a casino.  Oh yeah, it's smoke free.  . . I took off a star only because the hotel is tucked away from the strip.  It makes it difficult to get down to the strip and walking in 5" heels can be a little hard.
So we decided to splurge a bit and decided to get the hospitality suite which wasn't like the picture but pretty much described it the same.  Loved the kitchen and its setup.  Loved that there was already ice in the freezer..bonus!   We stayed 3 nights and ordered room service twice.. We ordered enough food to feed 8 people and the bill was less than $100 Not bad.  The food ranged from Kobe sliders to pizza and steak salads.  Great great food.  takes about an hour to get your food tho.  Service is a bit slow but its excellent. The bed was amazing and the bathrooms were great! We fit 8 people in this room and each person slept on a bed... so it was perfect.  The pull out sofa bed mattress looked worn out but i guess it wasn't to bad according to our friends that slept in it. Check in and check out was fast and easy.  Great hotel... no BS with the casino and smoking.. unless your into both.  You can go next door to Aria or Bellagio.  They're connected! VALET IS FREE!! unless you wanna park you own car you need to go to Bellagio and walk to Vdara... seriously..its free!! I would stay here again but probably just a regualr suite this time. =P
I really like this hotel. The ultra modern design, no-smkoing policy, proximity to the best part of the Strip are all draws. One pet peeve is the mandatory $20 resort fee--where's the resort? This is a high rise on the strip with a pool and work out facility. Resort fees should be illegal--if they're mandatory, they should be included in the base rate.
Decided to stay here for a short vacation because it's was about 20 bucks cheaper a night than staying at Aria (which is about a 2 min walk away). No casino, but again, Aria is right there, and the Bellagio is connected via a walk way. Great room. Had one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. In fact, I'm thinking about buying a mattress from them once I get the money saved up.. . A great place to stay, if you're okay with not having a casino in your hotel. I think it's definitely worth the savings, and sometimes it's kinda nice not staying where people are milling around a casino and smoking downstairs. I'd stay here again for sure.. . Oh, they have "free" wifi and bottled water, but really, you're paying for it in your daily resort fee (which I think is like 20 bucks a day).
My Boyfriend and I stayed Vdara for 5 days in our Christmas. We had gorgeous room, phenomenal view from our room, clean and neat everything by 3days but last day of night, when we come back to our room was not clean well. It was too bad because almost perfect amazing night we could spent.
Mixed bag here.  Hotel itself: Modern, clean decor.  Staff is friendly and it's a smoke and casino free environment (if that's what you're looking for).  I stayed in a normal suite and a hospitality suite at the Vdara.  In the normal suite, there's a mini fridge, a cook top and a partition with flat screens between the seating area and bedroom.  It's like a really nice and modern european studio apartment.  . . The hospitality suite had 2 rooms (one with a king bed and another with 2 full beds) as well as a pull out sofa bed.  There's a living room area with a full sub zero fridge, cook top and washer and dryer.  Great venue to host a party/get together.. . Location was also great.  Walking distance to the Bellagio and Aria.  Cosmopolitian is actually a pretty short walk as well but ask the bell desk how to get there out from the front.  Otherwise it's a long round about walk.  . . I liked the rooms and decor but there were a few negatives.  First, something on the room floors smelled off.  It smells great in the lobby and in the elevators, but on the floors, it was weird.  Second, the line to check in was LONG.  took over 30 minutes to get checked in around 1PM on a Saturday.  Third, we switched rooms to watch the superbowl and I know check in is at 3PM but they literally didn't switch us over until 3 and the game started soon after.  lastly, the wait at the vdara market cafe was horrible.  It took forever to get food/drinks.  . . Overall, great rooms, not so great service.  I'd probably end up going back because of the refridgerators and non-smoking atmosphere, but might check out the cosmopolitan the next time we're in vegas.
I've been to Las Vegas plenty of times--both for work and fun.  And have also stayed in many hotels.  Both nice and not so nice.  Vdara hotel is a dream for me. Located just off the Strip, it is one of the newish properties of City Center.  . . It's uniqueness is that it does NOT have a casino, which is personally a huge plus!  . . Gorgeous new and sleek/modern architecture, a variety of places to grab food to go or sit to eat, state of the art gym facilities, pool (without music blaring).  I booked my room several months ago on Jetsetter for $159 and have a suite that is triple the size of my apartment with 2 bathrooms, living/dining, full kitchen.  I love the blackout shades, comfy big beds with white duvets and down pillows.. . Service is a little spotty at the restaurants, but that's the only downfall I can seem to find.. . I must sound like I'm 90 years old, but there are only so many times you can put up with a smoky casino, the music, crowds, etc.  this hotel is like a slice of heaven just steps away from all of the action.
Talk about fancy!  Although Vdara doesn't have a casino downstairs you are giving that up for so much room!  . . You have your own kitchen, microwave, mini fridge and the bathroom has a shower and a separate tub.  So modern and clean.  Definitely a place where you feel like a million bucks.  Before my stay here the concierge called to ask if I needed anything before I landed! . . They do charge you a daily fee but you get unlimited access to their gym, free wifi, and bottles of water.  I know it's kind of annoying having a daily fee but honestly, if you stayed at other hotels their gym fee would probably be double that for a daily pass. . . The walk to Bellagio and Aria is seriously only 5 minutes so although you don't have the convenience of a casino downstairs, you aren't missing much...and you are probably saving yourself some gambling money too!. . If you are looking for a nice room and wanting to stay in the "hott" spot in Vegas, stay here!
Ahhhh the Vdara was a refreshing retreat from the noise, chaos, and odor of stale cigarettes that permeates Las Vegas. The room was large and well maintained, we didn't hear a peep of noise the whole time, and we had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains from the window. The service was generally good, staff were generally friendly, and I loved that we were just a short walk from the Bellagio and Aria. I would definitely stay here again.. . I had two complaints, each of which I consider a 1/2 star off:. . 1. DO NOT USE THE SOFA BED EXCEPT IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS. Seriously, it was the worst sofa bed in the world. The kind where you can feel every single spring, as well as the bar in the middle of the bed. It was especially offensive in comparison to how lovely and comfortable everything else in the room was. . . 2. Caught some seriously bad attitude from the chica at the front desk when I had to re-register a request to have the sofa bed made up (no sofa bed sheets 6 hours after my initial request). I wasn't pushy about it, just explained the situation, and then she turned it around as if it was my fault. It was unprofessional and just plain AWKWARD. . . Anyway, overall a nice stay and a lovely hotel!
Stayed in the suite and it was verrrry nice! The room looked like an apartment with a kitchen area, the living room with a pull-out couch, 1.5 baths and the room with a queen? size bed. The bathroom in the room was biiig with a nice tub, shower, toilet and plenty of space. The extra bathroom by the kitchen is definitely convenient, especially when girls need more room to get ready to hit the strip!. . Rates are not as expensive as other hotels since they don't have a casino, so if you're not exactly in Vegas just for gambling, this is a good place to consider! The only inconvenience is getting in and out of the hotel. They do not have their own parking structure, so you either have to valet or go from Aria and take a tram. However, if you stay out late, the tram does get closed so you'd have to walk from wherever you are back to Vdara or take a taxi. . . Other than the inconvenience of the location, Vdara is a great place to stay at in Vegas. The place is very modern and clean!
We booked a Jetsetter deal to get our reservation at Vdara but was attracted to the hotel because it was a little bit away from the strip and didn't have a casino on the bottom floor.  This was really nice especially since Aria was right next door if you wanted to gamble.  I thought that the room was very nice and spacious and had some nice touches like the do not disturb sign was actually a button that changed the light around the doorbell and they didn't knock at all if you had that on.  The bed and linens were really comfortable as well.  Just a couple of complaints.  The water pressure in the shower was very weak and our TV remote didn't work but otherwise we enjoyed our stay here.
I would've given this hotel 5 stars if it hadn't been for two problems -- first, I had to ask 3 times just to get them to come and unclog the toilet, and I was unable to use the bathroom in my room until the next day.  They also have this weird intercom system in the rooms and an alarm went off in my room during the middle of the night.  Otherwise, I was more than happy with my stay.. . A lot of people don't like the idea of this hotel because there is no casino, but I absolutely loved how small and quiet the place was.  There's no long walk from the lobby to your room while choking on smoke, you walk into the hotel and there is a market cafe, a bar, and the front desk -- that's it.  And Aria isn't far if you want to gamble or hang out. I loved the  decor -- very modern and in done in light colors.  The clientele is young, upscale 20-30 year old yuppies (no screaming kids running about the lobby).. . The rooms were stunning.  They're mini suites (ask for the split rooms) but much larger than the average hotel room.  Even the kitchenette is quite spacious.. . Rate wise, you'll probably get the best deal out of any 5 star hotel on the strip. I've stayed at most of them and this one was my favorite.  I love Aria as well, but I will be staying at Vdara the next time I'm in Vegas.
Book this hotel if you are in Vegas and you. . a) are not a smoker. b) are not a gambler. c) are not a shopper. . Although all 3 of thosethings can be achieved at its neighboring hotel, Aria.. . The room was beautiful, clean, and comfy. Overlooked the Bellagio fountains. Got a great deal for around $100-150/night.
This place is a gem that is hidden away in the heart of city center! $89 for a suite that is nicer then most hotels I have ever stayed in... You have to be kidding me! And it's a non-smoking, non-gaming hotel!!!! I know where I am staying when I feel like a little Las Vegas staycation!
Vdara is a super nice hotel. some may expect it to be cheaper since there is no hotel. but it's not. however, what it lacks in hotel, it makes up in customer service and interior design.. . our corner suite was spacious and was about $200-$250 a night. There was 1 bed room, 1 1/2 bathrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 living & room. There no smoking inside the hotel so it smells wonderful!. . i loved the full bathroom! it had a shower, bathtub, 2 sinks, and a huge mirror. the shower was all glass so you had the view of the city lights while showering!. . wifi was free but the Ethernet cord is much faster!. . the other thing I liked was that there were 2 elevators. one for bottom half of floors and the other for the top half. convenient!. . i also had dinner at the cafe in the lobby. irecommend the steak wrap!! DELICIOUS!!. . i would definitely recommend this place for someone who wants a sophisticated hotel to stay in while you're in sin city.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Vdara!. . why it didn't get a 5 star from me:. 1) i found 2 strands of hair. one in the shower and one in the toilet! [ i didn't complain]. 2) no late check out. 3) no self parking. . why i totally loved this place:. 1) i love that there's no smoking in the hotel.. 2) i love that there's no loud slot machine. no gambling involved.. 3) no long walk to get to the hotel room. 4) i saw the rio, bellagio fountain show, and all i can say is the view was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!. 5) the decor was up-to-date and very classy!. 6) its a suite! . 7) i love that there were plenty of long mirrors for you to see your outfits! . . the bathroom had a tub, shower stall that is super roomy, blow dryer, plenty of towels [including a beach like towel], one of those magnified mirrors, and plenty of closet space. . . two tv's, a couch, dining table, stove, microwave, & small fridge that had both a section where you can place things and a mini bar.. . one of my best hotel rooms yet! i was super impressed. 5 minutes walk to aria.
I loved staying at the Vdara.  The rooms are big, everything seems very new, the view is spectacular from the higher floors, and it manages to be centrally located yet away from the hustle & bustle of Vegas (probably because there's no casino).  It's connected to the Bellagio via a sky bridge and it's right next door to the Aria so I had plenty of food and gambling options close by.. . However, I'm deducting a star because due to some random service blips that we encountered, including:. - failing to provide us with bottled water on our second day (should have been included with our resort fee. - failing to provide us with shampoo and conditioner on our 2nd day. - business center closes at 5pm or earlier so we had to rely on the front desk staff to print some stuff for us. . Despite the housekeeping failures, I would not hesitate to stay at the Vdara again.
The air in the lobby smells like vanilla lavender creamy awesomeness.. . Vdara is a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel. Definitely a change of pace for your typical Vegas stay. I kind of liked it.  If you want to gamble, you can just walk across the street to Cosmopolitan. If you want to smoke, you can step outside.. . The room has an amazing view and the decor is sleek and sexy. Service is amazing as expected. Overall, I enjoyed my stay. My only complaint is finding this place if you have arental car can be a pain in the ass. Once you figure it out it is easy enough, I suppose.
This hotel is super nice! I stayed in a suite during my stay and the accommodations were wonderful.  We had a breathtaking view of the strip and the room was very clean and modern.  . . As for the hotel itself, I enjoyed that it is a non-gambling hotel because there wasn't that disgusting smoke smell everywhere.  The front desk staff that I came in to contact with were nice and patient. . . Parking is valet only.  It is free, except for tipping if you wish to do so.. . The location on the strip is really great with the Bellagio and other gambling hotels really close!. . I would definitely enjoy staying here again.
Awesome hotel.  I live at Veer across the way and love it there.  Unfortunately there's a wind tunnel when winds are super strong and it makes things loud at Veer.  Our condo is awesome tho and will comp us at Vdara when it happens (this is 1st time in 8 months it's gotten super loud and it took winds of 60 mph - so no big deal ).. . Checkin (Tues at 3pm) was super easy and fast).  Requested high floor and she was happy to help even though I'm comped.  Quick ride up to 42nd floor to my suite.. . Pros:. You're essentially getting a small condo i'd easily pay $50+ more for this vs a regular room at another 4 star property (MGM, etc). Really nice layout for 580 sqft.  in the standard suite. Awesome tub. Comfortable furniture and bed, nicely appointed. 2 large screen TV's. smoke free :). no gambling :). awesome view from palms, rio, across i15 to bellagio, paris, fountains etc. . Cons:. Picky but would be nice to have a TV in the bathroom. Valet only. Why didn't they put a tunnel from Vdara to Aria so you don't have to walk outside?  I guess walking outside in 60-70mph winds made me think of that lol (it's really not that far)
I was in search of a nice yet affordable suite in Vegas, and my friends told me how awesome Vdara was.  I ended up booking the Vdara Suite.  Our one bedroom suite had a king sized bed, and a pullout queen sized sofa in the living room.  We had a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, microwave and dishwasher.  There was also a washer and dryer.  Our suite came with a huge bathroom and another half bath.  The large bathroom came in handy since we had five girls trying to get ready at the same time.. . Since our trip was in January, it wasn't pool weather, so we booked a spa day instead.  A 50 minute Swedish massage was $130.  I made an appointment for me and my girl friend at 10am.  Since we went all out the night before, I learned that I will never book a spa appointment that early again in Vegas.  The spa was nice.  There were lots of amenities including a redwood sauna, eucalyptus steam room, and a hot plunge pool.  Since we were way too dehydrated, we skipped all of that stuff and just hung out in the relaxation lounge.  . . There is no casino in this hotel, but that was ok since I was just there for a fun filled weekend of partying.  But since there was no casino, the hotel also lacked dining options.  There is a cafe downstairs where you can grab a quick bite, or you can order room service.  For other options, you have to walk across to Aria or head to the Cosmopolitan.  . . Overall, I loved this hotel.  Its in a great location, and the rooms are super spacious.  I would definitely come back and stay  here again
No complaints! The view alone was breathtaking! We were on a higher floor and it was a panoramic view between old Las Vegas and the new strip. We could see the Bellagio water show from our room. We turned off the lights and took it all in. It was a "post card" view. The two flat screens on either side of the room divider came in handy when my boyfriend wanted to watch sports and I wanted to watch my reality shows. This is a non casino no smoking hotel so it was a breath of fresh air (literally) to go back to our suite after a long day of hustle and bustle walking down the strip in and out of smokey casinos. It is a bit of a walk to the strip but you can take the short cut that takes you right to the Bellagio. Had a massage at the spa, it was a delight, everyone is very thorough from the receptionists to the actual masseuse. I would definitely come back again. I purchased a package through South West including 2 flights (from Sacramento), 3 nights and a buffet credit which we used at Aria. All for around $700.
Vdara- What a nice place near the strip. A brief summary is that I took away a star because the drop-off/ valet are was not as easily accessible as I would prefer it to be. What I mean by this is that there were not many signs off the beaten path to guide you towards it. Also, the drop off area for the Cosmopolitan is right across the street, causing a bit of confusion also. The drop-off/valet area has an awkward design and honestly it reminds me of SFO.. . The room: . We stayed three nights here for New Years Eve. It was a beautiful suite, and everything was up-to-date with modern styling. There is a kitchenette and nice but small dining area. But hotel-er beware, most of the food or little snack-ies in the kitchen are not free, and as soon as you lift them from their resting place you will be charged. . The room itself was very nice and very clean. The bathroom was gorgeous, and so was the view, which is accessed through an automated system that at the touch of a button you can raise and lower the curtains. My room had a small living room area with its own 42 inch LED tv, and the bed also had one just like it, directly on the opposite side. The room is spacious but not overwhelming. . The hotel itself:. It is a nice hotel, nicely situated on the strip, but not too close to the pandemonium that is Vegas. It is right across from Cosmopolitan so you can go there to place your bets, and if you enjoy the night-club scene, Marquee which is located inside the Cosmo' is easily accessible. This helps when you have had far too many drinks, and find yourself stumbling around without enough cash for a cab.. . There is no casino inside of Vdara, but they do have a bar, and a snack area. But that is not too much of a concern, take a quick half-block-length walk across the street to Cosmo and you can once again find yourself wasting away your winnings.. . Outside near the entrance there is a quaint little patio with heaters so one may be able to recover from the crazy events that occurred night prior.. . I do love this place, and it is a bit different from other hotels, it is not as over crowded because there is no gambling stations within, and also there is no smoking inside, which gives it a bit of a cleaner ambiance. Bottom-Line, I would recommend this place to anyone.
I secured an amazing 3 night deal with this impressive hotel where it was a true pleasure to escape the noise and smoke of the casinos.  I paid a resort fee of $25 per day and for what I used I really had to savour every sip of those $12.50 33cl bottles of water!  The room was spacious, very comfortable and the towels were so thick and fluffy I could hardly close my suitcase.
I love this place, I would have gave it 5 stars but when I got my room the floor was soaking wet and I learned that the aircon was leaking. They immediately offered to switch my room, but I already started drinking, and didn't want to move. This place is a good modern sexy joint for you and some others. There's a fold out couch, incase your random strangers decide to crash the night away. Anyway, there's a stove, a dining area, a microwave, and an awesome bathroom. Vdara has an amazing view to the strip as well. City center is the place to be if you're trying to be on the central strip. Otherwise I really liked staying here because there wasn't a casino down below, it was retail....my favorite!
When my friends and I recently planned our first trip to Las Vegas, we decided on staying at the Vdara Hotel & Spa. Not only was it located in close proximity to the Strip, but it is one of the only smoke-free hotels around and that was important to all of us.. . Upon entering the lobby, we were instantly struck by the fact that the Vdara has no casino. That can be a plus or a minus for you, so take it as you will. The front desk staff were friendly and incredibly helpful. We were travelling in two couples and, though we had booked separately, Vdara was able to put us in adjacent rooms on the same floor. Bonus points!. . The rooms in particular are spacious by hotel standards and very well-appointed.  Entering through the kitchenette, the room opens up to include a dinette area, roomy couch with a flat screen TV and an ahhhh-mazing king-sized bed. Near the bed is the ensuite equipped with a sink, major counter space and even a deep soaker tub.. . While most of our time was spent exploring Las Vegas, the Vdara proved to be a restful place to recharge - and in a bed that induces heavenly sleeps! It's a quiet hotel, far enough from the Strip but close enough with access through the Cosmpolitan or Bellagio hotels. Though the pool was closed for renovations, we were able to use the Aria's pools (across the rotunda) for no charge and enjoyed every minute of them.. . The Vdara no doubt impressed us and was a wise choise for our accommodation. Though the Vdara is a very nice hotel, I doubt we'll stay there on our next visit... and not because it's not a great hotel, but because the Strip has so many other hotels that exude far more excitement and Vegas-esque character than the Vdara.
We chose Vdara to try something different and I got a great deal on a city corner suite (room 40124 - awesome views of the Bellagio fountains!). The ambience as soon as you walk in is calm and serene, a world away from the bustle of Las Vegas. What the other reviewers have said about this is true, if you want calm, this is your place, if not, you might want to try somewhere else. . . So the things I loved about Vdara. Non smoking which is great, the decor is sleek modern and sexy. The rooms have excellent amenities and are clean and comfortable. The bed is to die for. We ordered room service for breakfast both days of our stay and it was impeccably presented and delicious. We used the gym and it was well equipped but maybe could have been a little bigger? The cafe, although a little pricey was good for a snack too. . . And in addition is the $25 resort fee. Now personally I think you're hard pressed to find free wifi these days, so if for the my $25 I get good wifi, a paper every day and good amenities, then that works for me. You take the swings and the roundabouts you know?. . My main gripe I think is the location. If you walk through City Center you have to walk via Aria then Crystals, or via Bellagio or via the road then the Cosmo, or if you're feeling adventurous/crazy, via the non-pedestrian road bit on the side of the Cosmo (don't try this!!). You weren't right there is what I'm trying to say. But for my husband and I who wanted some quality alone time relaxing - Vdara was an awesome oasis in the Mojave desert.
I would give this place all the stars, but we had some issues regarding our room keys, as well as dealing with the front desk staff.  Besides that, the service was great!  The best part about the Vdara and the surrounding casinos in the area is its location!  Sandwiched right in the middle of the strip, you have everything you want (two malls, casinos, nightlife, etc) and still retreat to the hotel after you've had your fill and need to replenish your strength (2hr naps suffice) to start the madness all over again.. . Valet staff is dope, bell services were dope, housekeeping was dope, room service food was delicious, but we just had an issue with the front desk with our keys.  My brother ended his night early at 2am on one night, and he had to wait an hour downstairs to get back into our room.  Our second issue with front desk was when we were looking for a lost item in the room. We were asked to wait in the lobby while they made the necessary phone call to security to check, the male at the desk never got back to us on our query, even when there no longer were lines of people who needed servicing.  When I had gone back up to the desk and asked the lady working next to him to please follow up, she got us our help in less than 5 minutes.  All this while the first worker was listening, he didn't even bother to acknowledge that he helped me previously.. . The panoramic suite that we had was awesome!  I wish it was my apartment, just not in Vegas, if that was the case, I'd probably be in a lot of trouble every weekend, hopefully not every night.  The one other thing I did not like was that the pool was unavailable due to construction the weekend we were there, we should have had some of the hotel fees reflect that.  All in all, I would still return here because I really do like the fact that Vdara is a Hotel Resort and not a Casino Resort.
The first time I was in Vegas, post 21 years old, the boy booked a deluxe suite.. which was so nice! With big windows and a gorgeous view, modern decor and furniture picks, a stunning bathroom, and a mini kitchen, I was so in love! So clearly, I was excited when the best friend booked the Vdara two bedroom penthouse for our birthday celebration.. . The penthouse was so roomy - two bedrooms (with a bathroom each), a kitchen area with a full sized fridge, and a living room that had a couch that was also a pullout queen sized bed. The decor was similar to that of the deluxe suite, but I remember the bathroom in the deluxe suite being a lot better than the ones in the penthouse. My favorite part of the penthouse was definitely the semi-ceiling-to-floor windows. I say almost because the windows end about two or three feet before it hits the ground, and has enough room for youto sit on the ledge.. . We didn't have any problems with the service - they were all pretty nice. When we called for room service, they came pretty quickly with items that we requested. There's also free water bottles (which is always REALLY nice after a night of drinking)! They also have free wifi!. . One big complaint about Vdara is that their elevators were pretty horrible. It's not the decor or if they were slow, but rather, it was because it was so hot. There was no ventilation at all! Imagine being stuck in a full elevator going up 50+ stories. It was weird because the rooms, hallways, and lobby area were all ACed or had good ventilation, but they probably forgot to install AC into their elevators or something.
Just got back from a three-night stay. I had never visited the Vdara and was really pleased with our city-view corner suite. I found an excellent rate online about three weeks ahead of time and as a whole, I am pleased with what I experienced.. . First off, the hotel is beautiful, clean, and the staff maintained a helpful and pleasant demeanor in every instance. Like many of these reviews correctly mentions, the Vdara does not have its own casino but is linked directly to the Bellagio and a short skip away from the Aria. You can also access the Cosmo via the street pathways. I went to all three casinos easily and readily throughout the weekend.. . The only downside to my stay was the unanticipated room service fees (I did not order food or drink, we were simply charged asking for plates and utensils. Our room had a full kitchen but no common kitchen utensils one would normally expect). Fortunately the charges were small and I wasn't about to complain. I should also mention there is no self-parking; you must valet to park nearby.. . Overall, the vibe is young and the hotel is quiet. I found some people partying in the lobby bar but I assume most people head to the trendy Cosmo casino/Bellagio. The overall design and warmth of the hotel is on point with anything I've experience and I really would like to return. If you can find a nice rate, book your stay at Vdara!
My fiancee and I love Vdara!  There are many people who have Yelped that it was a major minus that there was no casino on the lower level.  I say thank God!  Its nice to come down to the lobby and not be accosted by a bunch of drunk gamblers or be awaken by drunkards in the middle of the night.  Aria is connected to the Vdara and its so close I don't know why it would be an issue.  People cant be that lazy...ohh wait.  . . If you have some time, check the Bellagio line for checking in.  It can take you over half an hour during peak times.  At the Vdara its quick and painless.  If you don't believe me check it out yourself.  . . I would definitely recommend Vdara to anybody who comes to Vegas.  Its a luxurious resort where you can get some nice relaxation in with the most modern of amenities and its connected to Aria so you can get your drunken fun and gambling in.  . . Next time we are in Vegas we are definitely staying at the Vdara again.
I really liked this hotel and I am not a Vegas lover. If you are looking for a hotel that does not remind you at every moment that you are in Vegas this is the place for you.  Like THe Hotel in Mandalay Bay (another awesome non-Vegasy place), Vdara is smoke, slot-machine free.  And I also noticed a deficit in sock and sandal wearing tourists.  Bonus for sure.  Quick and courteous staff, although the concierge seemed to be a bit overwhelmed when I tried to set up some basic transportation.  The cafe on the first floor is cool, pricey...but when in the City of Lost Wages....oh! And the kitchenettes in the room are nice; you could actually have a pre-party in your room.  Last,but not least...the pool, by Vegas standards is sub par.  Find another pool to post up at if you can.
Another visit to Las Vegas and my next stop was at Vdara!. . I truly enjoy hotels that do not have casino. Mainly so the hotel does not smell like smoke right off the bat! The scent at Vdara was very fresh! I loved it! This is away from the strip so loud noises and chaos were not found at this place! . . Every room has a kitchen and two bathrooms, which is a huge plus for me! The girls always need their own bathroom to get ready! Duh! Kitchen is equipped! Stove, fridge, table, dishwasher! . . Nice king plus bed. Good enough for at leas three people! . Spacious tub, shower, and toilet in the bathroom. Very nice! . . Good view of the strip, if your room allows it! . Overall, the place was very accommodating, the staff was nice, and the room was clean and new!
We stayed here last June and the place was really nice. . . There is no casino and  smoking which is great. It is centrally located on the strip and there's a walk way that is connected to the Bellagio. . . When we tried to checked in was early they said to come back and they can get a higher floor for us. So we checked in our bags and walked around for a while. When we came back 2 hours later, the room was still not ready. That was annoying but they did give is a $50 credit to accommodate for the inconvenience. . . We booked a corner suite durning our stay. We were very impressed with the contemporary design of the room. The bathroom even had a nice window of Vegas. . . The drapes in the bedroom were broken and it wouldn't open with the controls. I called to have it fixed and no one ever came. . . The spa and pool area is nice.  The pool is a great place to relax because it was not noisy at all. . . We had one of the best massages at the spa at the Vdara.
Yay no smoking and no casino is great plus for this location. Little walk to centre of strip but conveniently located close to tram to City center. . House keeping  is little lazy and irritating to call them multiple times for service. But their service is great, very clean room every day.. . The spa and pool area is nice.  The pool is a great place to relax because it was not noisy at all. . . We had one of the best massages at the spa at the Vdara.
One of my FAVORITE places to stay in Vegas!  In fact, I've stayed here now 2 years in a row and am just as impressed the second time as I was the first.  The hotel is beautiful, modern and very clean.  There isn't a casino in the hotel itself; however, you can go to the Aria, Mandarin or the Cosmo... all within City Center... if you want to play.  What I'm disappointed by is 3 years ago I enjoyed a terrific lunch at Silk, but the last 2 years they've had a sign for "Private Party" out front.  The Market Cafe is great for breakfast and affordable.  Most impressive are the rooms!!!!  Especially if you get a room with a view on a higher floor.  Lastly, if you like to work out, this is the place for you!  The gym is well equipped.
Clean, calm, quiet. These are not things that come to mind when you first think of Vegas, but they can bring your vacation to the next level. Vdara is the calm in the eye of the Vegas storm..  After taking a late flight in it was nice to be greeted by the smell of vanilla, not cigarette smoke. Once we recovered the Aria, Belligio, and Monte Carlo were all with in a short walk from our room, so we did not feel like we were missing out on any of the gambling fun, but we still had a quiet haven to return too.. If you are the "spa" type, spend the money for the expresso massage. It was well worth it and I got access to the spa for the entire day, Aveda products and all!
Lots of fun provided you don't mind the no casino aspect which I love! Super close to city center shopping and upgraded rooms offer gorgeous views of bellagio fountains plus mini kitchenette is greet for leftovers or long weekends.
An overdue review. We stayed at Vdara in past December, treating ourselves to a weekend on the town.. . If I remember correctly, we booked two nights in a Panoramic Suite. As we checked in, we got a complimentary upgrade to a One-Bedroom Suite. Nice! The room was spectacular. An entire unobstructed view of the strip, spotlessly clean, plush bathrobes, roomy bathroom, with even a kitchen (not that we needed it). . . We did enjoy that Vdara was just a hotel. It is sometimes nice not to walk into a lobby with slot machines and blackjack games surrounding you in every direction. I think this is a big plus. . . During our stay, we did get take-out from their cafe downstairs. It was good, but pricey. Yes, I know we're on the strip. Our last morning there, we ordered room service. Timely, friendly, and sufficient, but nothing "wow" about it. . . I definitely enjoyed my stay here and would recommend Vdara. I think next time we splurge, I'll try to save up a couple of paychecks to stay at the Mandarin Oriental.
Vdara is a quiet oasis in the madness of the Strip with large rooms, great service, and lovely amenities. . . I've stayed here twice while in Vegas and enjoyed myself each time. The rooms are some of the largest I've ever stayed in. Easy for the three of us who were sharing this last visit. The entire place is non-smoking and doesn't have a casino so it's very serene.. . The location is on the southern end of the strip and is a little isolated back behind Cosmopolitan. It's a bit of a walk to get to the Strip, and they certainly didn't make it convenient to walk to Cosmo, but getting to Bellagio is very simple.. . I guess I like a little more energy when I'm staying in Vegas, but catering to a more calm demographic will keep this hotel nice for a long time. Even the pool was pretty calm compared to a lot of other Vegas pools.. . I'd easily stay here again, especially since it's so easy to figure out when this hotel is the "mystery" hotel on Hotwire. Just look for a south strip, five-star, non-casino hotel and most likely it will be Vdara!. . Hope to see you again soon, Las Vegas!
I really liked this hotel! Smoke free "yay" and everyone was super nice! I went recently cinco de mayo weekend on the mayweather and cotto fight weekend! It was crazy on sat. night but other than that i had no problem. . I think the only 2 thing i had to say about our room only was that no plugs next to the night stand to put my phone charger to have my phone next to me in case i had to pick up and also i think someone must have put food in the sink with the garbage disposal because there was a little odor coming from there lucky it didn't smell the room up only in the sink.... but other than that i loved it!!! Pillows to die for!!! OMG!! i slept like a baby!!!
I travel a lot for work and have been to Vegas many times and I have stayed at most of the nicer hotels in Vegas so I was a little nervous to stay here since I had never heard of it and it was a little off the strip.  I was very surprised at how nice this hotel is with spacious rooms and a smoke free environment!  Since I am not a smoker and I don't spend much time gambling I didn't mind that they don't have a casino and I was so happy they are smoke free!  I would definitely recommend this place to people who don't like the strong cigarette odor in many hotels.  While this place is a little off of the strip, it connects through the Bellagio so you can easily get to the strip by going through the Bellagio.
Great value for your money. One thing I don't miss is the smoke that permeate throughout casino to the hotel reception through to even the non-smoking rooms and the burnt holes in the carpets and sheets. This hotel lobby actually smells nice, like a spa. No lineups at the checkin counter so first impressions great.. To my room, I got the cheapest Deluxe room facing the pool and the colorful art by Nancy Rubins I think. so I have no view of the Bellagio fountain but it's not a horrible view either so I'm happy. Room was close to 600 sq feet (huge). Bed linens were good quality (no cigarette burnt holes, phew), bed itself was a little on the soft side. we have fully stocked minibar, two-burner electric cook top, convection microwave, 42-inch Digital LCD flat-screen television in living and bedroom areas and a laptop-size electronic safe. The automatic roman blinds took maybe a minute to understand how to control (as mentioned by many others the gaps will let the sun permeate into the room so bring your sleeping masks) The thing I had trouble with are the light switches, simply put they are weird. . . Bathroom...wonderful. I love coming back to have a quick soak (nice size bathtub), separate showers. No Aveda products as mentioned, they now have cheap bath products. . . You have to ask house keeping if you need robes, slippers or any utensils for the kitchen. Housekeeping crew left a bad impression on the first day they threw away the conditioner I brought (I left it in the shower). 2nd day they took all our glasses and never replaced them. 3rd day they did not give us our 2 bottles of water included in the resort fee.. . Wireless internet worked fine, good reception in our rooms.. . If you don't like Valet parking your options would be to park @ Bellagio self park and walk 5 minutes back to the hotel or park @ Cosmopolitan and walk up to Vdara. I think Bellagio is a better option. Quickest way to the strip is if you go through the doors besides Silks, take the stairs down and there is a walkway to the strip or go through the side to Bellagio (longer but mostly indoors). . Not many dining choices, just an overly expensive cafeteria and a lounge. But close to Cosmopolitan's wicked spoon buffet (quickest way is take the stairs down, cross the covered taxi area to the hotel reception and take the elevator up to the 2nd floor.
Really a nice place to stay if you don't need or want a casino in your hotel. I really enjoyed the smoke free lobby and short walk to my room.. The staff were friendly throughout the hotel. I was there for only 1 night, but found myself pool side twice. They played fun music, but not ridiculously loud. They could've used 1 more waitress poolside to take and deliver orders.. All the rooms are suite style, king bed on 1 side and a sitting area with a pull out couch on the other. There's a small kitchenette area which they hotel says they'll bring dishes up if you need them. I liked the large bathroom too.. The hotel is a short walk to Cosmopolitan and even closer to Aria.
I really love this place.  I wasn't sure about the absence of a casino, but it was actually nice to come back to a calm, quiet building after a long night.  It's a really short walk to Aria and Bellagio, so I never felt too far from the action.. . We stayed on the 11th floor with a pool view and found it really hard to sleep once the music started playing at the pool at 8am.  It didn't seem like it would be a problem, but it was actually pretty loud.  I really liked the kitchenette - we didn't cook anything but I liked having an empty fridge for water.  . . The pool was really great.  Not too fancy, but there were plenty of places to lay out or find shade if needed.  There were tons of staff walking around eager to help or take drink orders.  . . I was very happy with our decision to stay here and would recommend this hotel.
If you don't need or want a hotel attached to a casino then this might be the hotel for u. We love the fact that we don't smell as if we've been smoking ten packs of cigarets after a stay here. They do charge a resort fee which includes their valet service, so we definitely take advantage of that rather than parking at Aria or Bellagio. Rooms are clean, nice & spacious with a little kitchenette. Light switches were a little confusing at first, but not a deal breaker or anything. . . We always enjoy staying on the higher floors where u get a nice view of the Bellagio fountain show & Vegas. Unlike some other reviewers, we have yet to encounter the infamous terrible customer service during our stays here. Not sure if we're lucky or if they were just unlucky...who knows.... . They have yummy fruit smoothies at their cafe to help cool u down in the hot Vegas weather during summer & if their pool happens to be closed u can use Aria's next door. There's also a free monorail that will take you to the nearby hotel/casinos in only a few minutes. Definitely convenient when you're in heels. . . If ur looking for a quiet haven after a night out partying or just want to stay away from the mayhem of the Vegas strip & such party goers then give this place a try.
Decor and design: 5 stars.  Beautiful! I also love that the lobby is connected to Bellagio, so there is minimum walking outdoors in the hot sun! . . Room accommodations: 4 stars.  Thank you so much to the staff for upgrading us to the King Suite, with a view of Bellagio and Paris, AND Rio.  It was beautiful.  The bed was pretty comfortable.  I found the tub a little small and I was hoping for a jet-tub.  Thats okay!  it came with a shower head.  The shower was very spacious. . . Service: 4 stars.  Someone brought our bags to our room and went through all the accommodations, how to work the TV and the shade controls on the wall.  The maid service was great as well.  I had placed my toiletry items on the bathroom counter, and they laid it out very nicely on a towel for me.  Valet service was on top of it as well.  Everyone was very helpful, until the last night of our stay.  Someone messed with our reservations!  We got locked out of our room the night before we were supposed to check out, but bf already received an email confirmation on the checkout date.  Also, an even larger hold was put on his credit card.  *sigh* No one is perfect.  . . All in all I had a comfortable stay here.  I dont think I will book here again unless a really good deal comes up though.
This was my third stay at Vdara. We mainly stay at this hidden gem now because it offers such large modern rooms with great views for usually a lower price as compared to casino hotels. For this stay we had booked a corner suite, but got upgraded to a panoramic suite after a nice sandwich tip. We had a gorgeous view wrapping suite on the 49th floor. With view of the front of the strip in the living room, views of the mountains in the bedroom, and views of the bellagio fountains from the bathroom/soaking tub whats not to love? . . If you can deal with not having a casino then really give this hotel a shot. It is directly connected to the Bellagio and a short walking distance to Aria. A plus side is that the Market Cafe is now open later hours as compared to before. So if you really are thirsty or desire a snack you can get one at 11PM. Also, the pool is a bit smaller than Aria's so be prepared for it to be crowded unless you go early in the morning or evening. They have umbrellas up for use as shade for all chairs so its much appreciated in the hot 100 degree heat. Valet is also pretty efficient. I like being able to just take the elevator down to the lobby and walk up right to valet, rather than walking a mile through a casino to get to valet. . . All in all an enjoyable vacation and we'll be back!
As a non-smoker and non-gambler, I love this hotel. The modern decor and relaxed atmosphere suited us just fine. No flashing lights or beeping slot machines. No crowds of smokers streaming smoke as you walk by. No running children or groups of drunken college kids. It was great.. . Check in took a mere 5 minutes because we were smart enough to check in on a Thursday afternoon. (Hey, if you don't want to wait on a long line to check in, don't check in at the height of the weekend rush hour.) . . There is a mini market right in the lobby for essentials, snacks and drinks, and a bar across the mini market tucked between the entrances. We were able to order a quick bite since we flew in from the East Coast, and had to adjust our internal clocks. . . The room was fantastic. It was a comfortable space for the three days we were there. We were tucked away on a high floor with the view of the Rio, Palms, Bellagio, the fountain and Paris. We called for room service, and the server was very friendly.. . The bed and pillows were very soft, bordering on too soft, but we slept like babies. The bathroom was pretty large in proportion to the rest of the space, and with a separate tub and glass shower, it was a nice bonus. There is a half wall with TVs on both sides that separates the seating area from the bedroom area, which made for a cozy feel. The kitchenette by the door entrance was quaint, complete with microwave if you felt like doing a little pop corn popping, (which, by the way they had downstairs in the mini market.). . I have to agree with some of the reviewers that the light switches were a bit confusing at first, but once you figure out what is what, it's a non-issue. Wi-Fi is free, though spotty at times, but enough for when you need to do a quick search for restaurants, hotel locations, etc. The closet doors do block the area between the seating area and bedroom area, but seriously, if you're here for a weekend, the only time you use the closet is when you store or remove your suitcase. It's not that big of a deal. . . From the lobby, there's a walkway to the Bellagio, which made it easy to pick up show tickets, and across the lobby is the Aria, which was another gorgeous hotel, with a smoking casino, but definitely not as bad as the Bellagio. (The Bellagio is overrated, but I digress, that's another review.). . All in all, it was a great stay for a couple that isn't necessarily into all the typical Vegas scene (gambling, pool parties, etc.), that is there for a little sight seeing, a little eating and a lot of R&R.
So, Vdara will be the third hotel on the strip that I have stayed at (other 2 were Monte Carlo and Aria). And I have to say, for the price, it is definitely up there. We booked a corner suite (for 6 girls total) and it had plenty of room. I ended up tipping more than usual for most of the employees I had encountered here. . . Biggest gripe though would be access to Vdara to and from the strip. It's a little further back, just like the Aria. However, thereis the Tram (have to walk through the Bellagio) and to just walk through the Aria. The place also only has one place to eat (a market place) in the actual hotel and no casino. Also, if sharing a room with people you hardly know, you will get to know them quickly. There is no door enclosing the toilet and it's next to the glass shower. There are doors to the actual bathroom, but when sharing with 6 girls, privacy wasn't an option.. . I did book through a timeshare company, but monitored sales and deals for a couple of months before we went, it still had the best deal for the size and price. I will definitely consider staying here again, but for some reason, Aria still holds near and dear to my heart, even though it is more expensive. . . I really considered 5 stars, especially with the level or service received and the Pool Cabana was a sweet deal with private pools for a section of 3-4 cabanas. (See review under Vdara Pool & Lounge) However, the inaccessibility to the strip, food and gambling makes it difficult for me to give 5 stars!
First off let me say that if you are looking for an awesome all suites hotel (no casino/night life) then Vdara is the place to be. Its a gorgeous hotel and the suites/room was amazing. We booked a corner city suite and had 10 girls staying there for a bachelorette party. It was great in size and we all pretty much had a place to sleep. Major plus was that there is a 1/2 bath located in the living room area. Very handy with that many girls getting ready for a night out in LV. I would def recommend this hotel. . . My biggest grip would be that the only place to eat in the hotel (market place??) was very expensive. A cup of good old orange juice was $6!!! And considering you have a bit of a walk to the next closest hotel (Aria and or Cosmo) you are not left with much choice other then to pay the high price of food in the hotel. . . Second biggest problem was at night you have to show your room key to the elevator door man before being able to head up to your room for the night. While I understand the security reasons for doing this, it was VERY inconvenient when you are traveling with such a large party and all coming and going at different times. Needless to say you need to plan ahead for that!. . All in all it's a beautiful and very modern looking hotel but if you plan to be out in the nightlife/exploring LV frequently you might want something not so enclosed in the new city center.
I had a fabulous time at this hotel. It was the weekend of EDC so it was a bit crazy, but the room was great, the pool was wonderful and my friends and I had an amazing time. I got a corner exec suite and it was HUGE. Full kitchen, fridge with water and ice, big bathrrom with relaxing spa and great view, VERY comfy bed and wodnerful food/room service. There are also black out shades so you can sleep when you need to!. . I got a cabana reservation for Sunday at the pool (you have to do it before you get there - they go quick). The base was $200 for the reservation and included some fruit, ice, about 6 sodas, 4 waters, prezels, gummies, and then you paid for any additional items. It was fabulous and so relaxing - definitely the way to go if you are going to fo Vegas right. Cabana included wrap around curtains, misters, couch with big screen. My server Tim was very helpful and accomodating - always asking if we needed anything. The pool was clean and the perfect temp. . . I will definitely stay here again. Perfect walking distance to Aria, Bellagio, Cosmopoitan and tram to Monte Carlo.
I didn't stay here but I hung out at the suites here for a few days with friends of mine.. This place is part of the MGM City Walk. Lots of high end shoppes and restaurants nearby. There is no casino here, but Aria is right next door. The suites here are amazing and the views are gorgeous (provided you get a suite with a view). . If your trying to go to the strip from here, I recommend you get a Cab. It's a long walk back to the strip and you will get LOST EASILY if you aren't super familiar with the CityWalk.
A nice hotel to check into if you wanted to stay away from the noise from the casinos because there are none located in Vdara. You can easily get lost trying to get to the Vdara so prepare to study a map and drive carefully in the multiple circles before finally reaching your destination and drop off to mandatory valet. There is no direct walkway to Vdara so know the tram system and the multiple paths to get in and out of the hotel if you are planning to visit a friend or ultimately stay here. .  . Upon checking in, you might as well have your key card on display at all times, because they will not let you in the elevators without inspecting it. The elevator was fast but felt sketchy at times. . . Friend was stoked for the automatic blinds that can also black out the room for those who sleep in during the day. A full kitchen with a mini-fridge, stove, oven, microwave, and a table for 4 is provided for those willing to make their own meals. Standing shower with a separated (raised?) tub with a toilet and sink completes the bathroom next to the kitchen. There is no real night stand so we used one of the tables in the "living" room as a night stand near an outlet. . . It is a nice quiet clean hotel with the no smoking and no gambling, but it makes it inconvenient when you have the urge to quickly get out. This is something to consider when finding a place in Las Vegas.
This is a real upscale Hotel & Spa. Stayed here with 2 friends of mine a year ago.  I LOVE the room very modern.  And across the way is the ARIA Hotel which is also a nice one. After a long night the next morning my girlfriend and I walked over to the ARIA for brunch. Which the food was delicious :)
While the hotel isn't right on the Strip, it's Strip adjacent. You have to go through Aria to get to the Strip, which is right next door. I like the fact that it's a non-smoking and non-gaming hotel. The room was reasonably priced, but there is a $25 resort fee (per night) and 12% hotel tax. Even though check-in wasn't until 3:00 pm, we were able to get into our room much earlier than that. Check-out is at 11:00 am, but you can push it back an hour for late check-out.  . . The room came with a kitchen, which we didn't use. There aren't any utensils or dinnerware anyway, because you have to request for them. The mini-fridge was too small for us to make use of it. A majority of the time, the girls went to the Market Cafe for food. There isn't a restaurant in the hotel, so it was the only convenient option. . . Next to the kitchen is the living room area. There was a sofa bed, tables, and a TV. The sofa bed couch was not comfortable. On the other side of the living room is the bed with another TV facing it. The bathroom was adjacent to the bedroom, which was spacious enough. The room has automatic blinds that you can black out. It was the first time I saw anything like it.  . . There were two minor problems with the appliances. When we got into the room, the alarm clock was going off. My friend couldn't figure out how to turn it off completely. Several times throughout our stay it would go off again. The hair dryer was also broken. It wouldn't turn on/off unless I press the reset/test button. . . I enjoyed my stay overall, but I would not volunteer to sleep on the sofa bed again!
I stayed here during EDC (Electric Daisy Carnival) weekend. Booked the room from jetsetter.com, so we received a great deal! It was a corner suite for about $700-800 for 3 nights. . . It has a king bed with a sofa pull out bed. It also has 2 bathrooms but only 1 has a shower. It's fully equipped with 2 flat screens and a mini kitchen. . . Overall, it's nice and elegant with great views of the strip. It's located in the middle of the strip. This hotel is a non-casino hotel. So, if you're looking to get away from the smoking and loud casino environment, this is the hotel for you. The hotel also connects to Bellagio and walking distance to Cosmopolitan.
I was happy to know that this hotel was a non smoking hotel. After being diagnosed with cancer, it helps that there are establishments that enforce no smoking. When my BF and I checked in, he asked if there were any available upgrades. There was a corner room available which came with a 1/2 bath and gorgeous view. It was a $60 upgrade per night,  but I was stoked that there would be a 1/2 bath because the one thing I love is having my own restroom. . . The corner room was a very decent size which came with the kitchenette, washer/dryer, robes, and slippers. I found it weird that the kitchenware had to be requested from housekeeping, and not left in the room. . . They do charge a daily fee, I  believe it was $20 or $25 which includes internet, bottled water, and free newspaper. This seems to be a norm at the newer hotels so don't be alarmed!
Having stayed here a few times now, let me give you a suggestion.  It seems to me that the best rooms to stay is are the ones on the higher floors.  The rooms are great! The views of the valley and The Strip are AMAZING, if you are on a high enough floor.  . . My biggest complaint is that there really is no place to eat in the hotel.  There is a small walk through type of convenience store with a couple of outdoor patio style chairs and tables.   You can buy food like prepackaged cereal or oatmeal, muffins, yogurt - stuff like that. You can get coffee in the morning. However, forget late night snacks, it closes early. . After the second time I stayed there, I heard you can go sit at the bar and order food that comes from the Aria, which is across the oddly designed entrance to the Vdara.  . . There is a place that looks like it is a restaurant, decorated in '70 style colors and decor. However, it is never open. It always say closed for an event.  That's just the sign they use so you don't realize that the place just never opens.
4 1/2 Stars. Really nice employees. Good size room. Clean. Non-smoking. Free wi-fi. Really liked having a kitchenette. Plus a soak tub, couch with pull out bed, and a large flat screen tv. Not having to walk through a casino to my room made the trip a lot more relaxing. A lot of people around the pool area all day but the hotel itself did not seem crowded at all. . . Location was so-so. It's not right on the strip. It's behind the Cosmo. But that does give you the option to either enter from the strip, or the west side of the freeway, which is good on the busy weekends. . . The few things I didn't like... Valet only. No self parking. And if you're looking for fast food or something quick to eat, be prepared to walk a few casinos over to get it. No place to really eat at Vdara. But buy something while you're out because you have a refrigerator to keep it in and a micro or stove to heat it up.
This is a great hotel though a little on the expensive side. Really nice employees, the room was pretty big and clean. They do charge a $25 resort fee for wi-fi, parking (hidden cost), and water. There is a small kitchen with hot plates, microwave and a small fridge which is convenient. They do not have a casino, so this makes it a more of a traditional hotel. It's on the strip so everything's close by.
Five friends and I planned a trip to Vegas just for the hell of it and ended up deciding on Vdara to try out a 2 bedroom suite.  We were on the 54th floor of this amazing hotel and couldn't have asked for more! Well, I guess we could've.  . . The blackout and shades on the windows weren't working properly, the engineer had told us they were all tangled up, but they came and fixed them while we were gone.  They were very quick to fix or replace things when we called and the staff was always very nice.  The rooms were pretty nicely sized and their bathrooms were very nice, but didn't have the bathtubs I was expecting and only had a bathtub in 1 restroom.  Also, the shower head in our restroom didn't have something to hold the head in shower position, instead we had to hold it and didn't realize there was a piece missing until the day we left.  The light in our closet was acting up, didn't turn on when it was supposed to, but stayed on when we closed the door and were trying to sleep.  The safe seemed a little small.  There was a resort fee of $100 a day (Yikes!!) that they hadn't mentioned on the many occasions that my friend called to confirm all of the charges.  The hotel is also valet only, which has it's pros and cons, and with a car like ours with a transmission problem I would have rather self parked it, but they took good direction and we got our car back every time with no issues or dings.  . . The suite was very clean and the decor was gorgeous,  the view was exquisite, the beds were soft and comfortable but they were only queen sized beds,  their customer service was awesome, and besides the small easily fixed items I described above, I had an awesome suite experience! So if you don't mind staying in a hotel with no casino, Vdara is the way to go, their prices are pretty reasonable, the hotel itself is easy to get to from every point on the strip and it's just a very nice hotel.
Loved my room.  Only downside to this place is location and a relatively meh pool.  The rooms are very nicely appointed and have fridges, stove tops and microwaves.  So if you're going to be in town for a while and like to be able to heat up some left overs, or maybe you need to be able to prepare your own food, then this is the place.  They also have a cafe/market downstairs that has food items like a grocery store you can pick up for later in your stay. . . The location is a little rough if you plan on doing any touristy activities.  You do have a bit of access to the Bellagio, but you're so far off the strip that you've either got to take the monorail to the Monte Carlo, or you're gonna be in for quite the hike.  Gamblers in the group will have to huff it to the Ariaacross the way or next door to Bellagio.  The pool is just nothing really special and sort of small when you've seen some of the offerings at places like Mandalay Bay or the MGM.  . . But if the room is your main focus, you won't be disappointed here.  I didn't go to gamble, and I've been to Vegas too much to get touristy, so I loved my stay at the vdara.
I read a number of reviews (bothgood and bad) before deciding to stay here on a brief 40 hour Las vegas hiatus a few weeks ago.  I had never stepped foot inside the Las vegas City Center since it's completion in 2009 even though I visit the city/Strip three times a year.. . This is a nice hotel for many of the reasons a myriad of other posters have noted (clean, non-smoking, non-gaming, quiet, nice rooms).  . . I stayed in the City Corner Suite which has 1 King, a pull out sofa bed, separate shower and bathtub, kitchenette (with stovetop, fridge, microwave), dining table, two flatscreens, and a washer and dryer unit.. . The fridge/freezer has an ice maker, so if you like to relax and get plastered before or after you donate multiple hundreds to the local economy, it's a nice, convenient perk.. . The negative regarding the room is that you apparently need to bring all of your own connections to whatever entertainment devices you would like to use, if need be.  I'm assuming the hotel probably has USB cables and audio/video chords if you ask, but it's odd in this day and age that there isn't some sort of audio-steroe-DVD player in the actual room.  I had my ipod and the girl at the desk told me there was a cable to connect it to the TV in the work desk, but I couldn't tell you where the actual connection was as I looked for a solid 15 minutes (and this was well prior to being plastered).. . They also give you a couple Keurig coffee's, but I didn't have a coffee maker in the room.  Again, I'm sure you can get one if you ask.. . There are two coffee cups and some random cocktail glasses supplied in the room, but no pots, pans, plates, utensils.. . That's just nitpicking there and none of the above comments bothered me at all because, again, it's a nice room, the bed's comfortable and it has a unique layout.. . As far as the 'convenience' of the hotel, I find some of the reviews laughable where people say it's off the beaten path and it's confusing to get in and out of.  My guess is that, if you're driving there, it could be a bit challenging, but you just have to take a ramp where the arrows point up to the two hotels (Vdara and Aria).. . If you're walking around (like most human beings do who visit this city), you're 8-10 minutes from the Strip if you walk through either the Bellagio or The Cosmopolitan.  The Bellagio is literally connected to Vdara while you have to walk outside, down a flight of stairs and across one lane of traffic to get to The Cosmopolitan.  There's also a tram that's in between the Bellagio and Vdara, but I'm not sure where the hell it goes to.  I think it goes as far south as Monte Carlo, but not positive.. . You can reach the southern end of the Strip by walking outside and through the Aria, which is a three minute walk away.  I'd say it will take you twenty minutes to walk from the Vdara Lobby to, say, the NYNY (which I did three times).  So it's really no big deal at all unless you're extremely high maintenance (sorry fellow reviewers).. . If you're looking for a change of pace from the regular Strip scene (as I was), give this place a shot.  You could do much, much worse and I thought the $ for the rom type was a very good bargain.
Not a bad place to stay. . . Valet is for hotel guests only, so be sure to have your hotel key.. Beautiful interior, I do remember that the place smells good upon entrance =P. Security at the elevator entrance, again, be sure to have a key! . . Rooms are pretty damn nice. Very modern and clean. Only thing I really did not enjoy was the mattress.. and the window blinds do not completely black out =/ the switches are sometimes hard to operate as well. . . I think this is one of the better hotels I've stayed at on the strip. I don't think I'd be as willing to come back since there's no casino located in Vdara, which means you gotta walk to other casinos, so if there's an event outside of Vdara & Aria, I wouldn't want to stay here, it's a pain to walk or taxi out if you wanna go gamble somewhere else.
I really enjoyed the stay at vdara. It's really awesome that the hotel is non smoking. I didn't have to worry about taking a shower again, just because I passed the casino floor like all the other places. The location is central strip and we just walked everywhere (very convenient). Vdara does not have self park at this time. Complimentary valet (awesome).. . The room deal I got said two complimentary buffets (thought it was only for a day). Turns out it was two breakfast/brunch buffets for two people daily (another win). Vdara does not have a buffet, we had to walk to Aria. . . I stayed in the *deluxe suite* with my boyfriend. The decor was very contemporary, however, there were flaws to its design. First example, there is no master light control switch by the bed so we had to walk all the way to the door. Second, the boarder around the tub did not have a drain so when the water slightly overflowed, it'd flood all over the floor. Third, not enough places to hang towels so they were all around our room. . . Bath robes & silverware are available upon request. . . Pool size was a bit small in my opinion. . . Elevators are superb. Very fast & it doesn't even feel like you're moving :). . Despite the minor complaints in design, everything else was fabulous. I would definitely stay here again!
Such a nice change from the usual hotels in Las Vegas!. . We got a big group of people together and split the cost for the City Corner Suite.  Check-in was a breeze, and all the employees were very helpful and nice.  . . There were a couple things I noticed right away about this hotel.  Beautiful decor.  No smokey smell.  No loud noises from the casino... it's like an oasis in a sea of craziness!. . And the rooms... SO NICE!  They have a kitchen area with a full fridge, stove, coffee maker, and even cabinets.  They have a sofa and a oversized chair, two large flat screen TV's, a big and comfy bed, amazing views, a large vanity, shower, tub, and sliding doors for privacy between the bedroom, living area, kitchen, and bathroom.  . . Major plus?  We got a knock at the door around 7:30 our first night there to a full plate of cookies.  Just because.  Seriously?  How cool is that.  And when we called about getting more towels, extra pillows, and extra blankets, they came quickly.  . . We got a deal package for "Winter Wonderland" since we went in February, and it included $50 credit to use however we'd like.  We decided on room service.   It came quickly, the food was good, and our stomachs were happy.  . . They even have a little shuttle running between the Vdara, Aria, and Bellagio.  I think it stops every 10-15 minutes.  . . I would definitely stay here again if I find myself in Vegas in the near future.  It's a little pricey, so I would definitely split the cost of the room with a group!
So we reserved the executive city corner suite last weekend for 3 people. The place was super nice, the own downfall was that we were facing away on from the strip, I was hoping to get a room facing the other way. Anyways, this place is pretty nice, I actually liked the fact that this place did not have a casino or slot machines, that means the area was smoke free (for the most part) and if I wanted to gamble I would just walk next door to Aria... literally. Anyways we checked in on a friday night late, it was quiet in the hotel all weekend. It was real nice that the place was away from the noises of the strip but you just have to take the tram to be on the strip. I thought it was a price location and a really nice place. I love the touch of the automated blinds controlled by the wall controllers. This place is pretty classy and clean for the price we paid. I would definitely stay here again! Nice touch on the Kerig!
The only things that kept me from giving this a five star were as follow:. . *Very confusing to know where to park?  There is no self park unless you want to park at the ARIA which is very far away from the hotel if you are hauling luggage.  They do have valet which we don't mind.  We love valet but I know not everyone does.  To get to Valet is confusing too. Go into the CRystals entrance not the ARIA.  You would have to drive in a circle.  For first timers... its confusing.  The second time not so much.  .   . *The pool is small compare to other pools in Vegas.  It was kind of overcrowded and I think it was because of the size.  More like family oriented instead of party crowd.  . . *Our fridge wouldn't cool.  That sucked we complained about that but they didn't really fix it. . . *The bed was too firm.  I was kind of dissapointed in this because the ARIA beds are the best that I ever slept in.  My husband said it was the same but I don't think it was.. . *The front desk told us our resort fee was "taken care of."  When I hear that I think they aren't going to charge us for it but to our suprise they did... $25 each night.. . . Now... things that were GREAT at the VDARA.. . *The smell. As soon as you walk in there is such a pleasant smell.  I love it!. . *The room.  We paid $75/night in priceline for a couple of weekday nights.  It was a great suite.  The view was awesome (Belagio side... we could see the fountains).   It was clean, it was modern, two flat screens. Perfect. . . *The service was awesome as soon as we called for something they would be right up and then followed up with a phone call.  Hardly any wait too. . . *The Gym... great.  I loved their elliptical machine and they had clean towels and water ready at the machine.  . . . I would recommend the VDARA and I will stay there again.
Got a great room for a great price. Bed was super comfortable, had a pull-out couch for the 4 of us. Great views and a full kitchen, dining area in our room. We were early to check in and had a late check out, and the front desk was super nice about holding our bags and giving us pool passes throughout our stay.  Whenever we would call downstairs for extra towels, glasses, or to help with a problem we were promptly taken care of.  Great pool and service too. Overall a relaxing and lovely stay with no complaints.  No casino in the resort either (as it was originally built to be a condominium), so we avoided bright lights and second hand smoke during our stay, which was nice. Would come again!
My 'in-laws' stayed here and invited us up to check out the room, so my review isn't so much about a stay as a quick look-around.. . The first thing I noticed, even outside in the valet area, was that it smelled great. They must pipe the smell in, since it was the same throughout the hotel. The lobby is tasteful and impressive and the elevators are easily the prettiest I've ever seen. The room they stayed in was gorgeous. A sitting area and the bedroom were separated by a divider with a large tv on either side. The entryway featured a mini kitchen, complete with two-burner electric stove. The bathroom had both a glass-enclosed shower and a huge stand-alone tub. The far wall wasn't really a wall at all, but a huge window witha fantastic view. Blackout curtains and sheers were controlled with a switch (the blackouts were pretty effective). . . A tip for those staying here or visiting the hotel: there's no self-park; valet is your only option.
Stayed here, 8/24-8/25.. . Spa: Offered one of the best massages I have ever had. The price was reasonable at $140 for 50 minutes for a deep tissue massage and the ambiance was fantastic with access to the spa until closing.. . Room Service: Ordered the Chicken Cesar Salad which took about 20-25 minutes to get to my room. Came with bread and they brought extra ice tea for me as well. The food overall was delicious. . . Market Cafe: Had the skinny scramble, not so great. Pretty crowded in the mornings as a lot of people who are trying to catch flights seem to eat breakfast here.. . Checkout: Simple with video checkout from your room.. . Overall: Booked this hotel on hotwire.com for about $150 a night. It was a great deal for a Friday/Saturday night trip. I enjoyed everything at the hotel. They offer complimentary valet parking although, it can take a bit of time for them to pull your car around. My one attempt at calling down to the valet desk, the line was busy so I just went down myself. Easy access to city center and other strip destinations.
I've never given a hotel a 5 as each one is unique in it's own way so not really sure what perfection is!! . . We came here for our wedding anniversary weekend 8/24-8/26 and it was an amazing experience from the start (my first time in Vegas with my wife :-). We cabbed it from the airport and check-in was super easy and the staff was very friendly and attentive. The first thing that I noticed and loved was that there wasn't a mass of people at the lobby like at Cosmo or Aria so it was easy to get to our rooms as the lobby area isn't huge. Also, the hotel smells great inside...whatever scent they are pumping into that place needs to be sold!!. . When I walked into our room, there was a surprise waiting for us: champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and rose petals from the door to the bedroom,bed, bathroom, and tub! My wife didn't specify on what to do, but just said that it was our anniversary and asked if they could do something special. The room itself was cool as it had a kitchen with a range, microwave and a mini-fridge and minibar. The living room and bedroom were separated by a half wall that had a flat screen t.v. on both sides. The bathroom was spacious with a shower and separate tub.. . The overall service was very good from food service (for breakfast and they made quite a spread on the kitchen table!) and the spa. The pool is smaller than the pools at the other hotels, but not too bad. The only thing they need is to add more waiters outside by the pool area. It took us a while before we got served. The food and drinks were great!. . Being as this was my first non-casino hotel stay in Vega, I really loved the experience and would do it again. Cosmo is right next to you (we were on the 34th floor and could hear a bit of the music from Marquee below) Aria is across from you and the strip (Planet Hollywood area) about a 10 min walk from the lobby so everything is quite accessible.. . So if you are a married couple, family or a bunch of ladies who want to feel super pampered, and still stay close to the madness of Vegas then Vdara is the right place in Vegas! If you went with a bunch of guys/girls who want to party hard, gamble all the time, and party at a day pool, this is not the right place!
Stayed here for the first time 8/18-8/21. I had to get used to the fact that there was no casino in it...after all, you're in Vegas! Having no casino there made the stay a little more relaxing. If you DO need to get to a casino quickly, you are very close to Aria, Cosmo, and Bellagio. With Aria being the quickest casino to get to. . . Vdara is a smoke-free hotel also, which is really nice. Once you open the front doors to the lobby, you get a nice whiff of the fragrance that is pumped through the vents of the hotel. I heard you can buy the fragrance also in the Spa & Salon. . . Check-in seemed to go smoothly. They have these nice floral displays by the front desk in these round bowl vases. We got the Executive Corner Suite, which was really nice!  Had a small dining area and kitchenette along with a stack-able washer and dryer and a small powder room. Our room was located on the 5th floor only and we had a view of the tram...not the most nicest view. I thought maybe since we had a bigger suite we'd be higher up. The bed was very comfortable to stay in and i slept like a baby every night! The main bathroom was abnormally large with a lot of extra space. It did have a double vanity which was nice. I was impressed by how modern the unlocking of the door was...just rub the room card against the designated area on the door and it unlocks. And instead of a Do Not Disturb sign that hangs on the front door handle, all you do is push a button from the inside. Same goes if you want maid service...just push a button. I guess the newer Hotels are becoming more modern with this type of stuff.. . I did use the Spa and Salon service while we were here, thanks to my hubby!  The staff is very friendly. They have multiple services to choose from. I suggest you make an appointment in advanced. There are some services they only do on certain days so if you call ahead you can make sure the service you want is available. For the Spa area, they take you to an upstairs area and supply you with a plush robe and sandals to wear and a locker for your personal items. This is the same robe that is in the room closets also. You have full access to all the amenities there till the Spa closes which is wonderful! They have a main lounge area with a TV, variety of nuts to eat, tea, and water.  There is also a jacuzzi/sauna area, shower, and multiple vanities with hair products to use. For the massages, they take you to another area where the massage rooms are and another lounge area, which was co-ed. They had a meditation room that you can use after your massage  with these chaise lounge chairs to lay in which had a wall fountain. The music playing was very serene. Now for my massage! The masseuse was very friendly and asked a few times if everything was okay for me. She always called me by name too. The massage itself was so relaxing, that i was very close to falling asleep!! I believe my masseuse's name was Nniya. (not sure on spelling) :). . After my massage i changed back into my regular clothes and went downstairs to the Salon area to get a blowout for my hair. Teddy was there to do my hair. First was the washing...which she made sure my hair was nice and clean. Then to the chair for the styling. I wanted loose curls and she did a great job! She curled my hair while blow drying it and using hair brushes as my curlers. No curling iron needed. I've never seen this done before and was surprised how great my hair turned out! She was friendly and made you feel very comfortable.. . Didn't have any of the food from the Market Cafe, but we did eat from Bar Vdara. the beef sliders and fries were really yummy and the cocktail, Grown Up Grape Soda was delicious!!. . Here are some of the Pro's and Con's i had about Vdara:. . Pro's . - Center of the strip and close to lots of great restaurants and shops.. - Spa and Salon were nice. - Bed was comfortable. - Kitchenette, washer and dryer in the room. - Smoke-free. - 2 bottles of water are supplied for you each day with maid service. (although they didn't give us any on the last maid service there). . . Con's. - The hotel lobby needs another small store for mainly toiletries and other stuff. The Market Cafe had a small wall of these but it's mainly a restaurant and what they had was very limited. . - The black out curtains are not really "black out curtains". Its a digital shade that comes down, but it doesn't cover the ends of the window seal so there's gaps on each end of each window which lets enough light in to wake you up!
A hotel on the strip with NO casino and NO smoke?!?! Yesss, Welcome to Vdara :) . . I actually enjoyed not having to deal with the usual Vegas crazy hotel lobbies full of people walking through to get to the casino. This place was quite and relaxing. All the rooms are suites, which was more then enough space for me and my bestie. We enjoyed a good night's sleep in their super comfy bed. The place was clean and I noticed no stains. The decor is modern...more like Ikea stuff though, nothing fancy. . . You cannot self-park, it is vallet only. . . The only downside was not having a restaurant in the hotel, but we didn't have to go to far. The hotel is conveniently located in the middle of the strip that was definitely a plus!
The room we stayed in was absolutely stunning.  Curtains that come down automatically with a flick of switch is a very nice touch.  Light to inform housekeeping to come is a novel idea but was pretty much ignored by housekeeping.  Having your own lil kitchenette was nice.
Very positive experience. Enjoyed an elegant room with another couple, including classy kitchen, non-strip views, excellent customer service and a relaxing ambiance away from the 24-7 gaming+entertainment establishments but close enough to everything we wanted. Felt like a calm oasis amidst the chaotic strip but with access to all the crazy we wanted if and when (Vdara pool included).
I stayed at Vdara for the first time and although I was iffy with the negative comments on Yelp, my stay at Vdara was pleasant. I would totally stay here again if I have too! But I probably won't because I'd rather stay at a gambling casino (personal preference).. . The rooms are way nice, comfy and cute! The view is spectacular, large TV, cute little dining area and the bathroom is very roomy. The rooms are all very modern. Oh and they have a kitchen too! But it's not stocked which sucked. Ordered room service and the food was good. Ordered hot wings, french onion soup and chicken ceasar salad...YUMMM!. . From Vdara, it's not a far walk to Aria or Bellagio if you want to gamble or walk the strip. This hotel is nice and the staff was friendly. The blinds and key cards all worked just fine when I was there!. . Oh and for everyone complaining about parking...it's valet! They park your car for you! DUH!
During my most recent trip, our group decided to stay at the Vdara after finding an amazing deal for an Executive Corner Suite. Since it's one of the newest hotels in Vegas, I expected pretty high class accommodations, which is what we ended up getting. However, that doesn't come without some shortfalls.. . Pros:. . - The rooms are wonderfully decorated with the most modern furniture. The bathroom is HUGE and features a shower big enough to fit 3-4 people for a post-pool drunk shower (swimsuit on of course). The suite comes with a fridge, sink, and all your very basic kitchen amenities. . . - Window blinds come down with a push of a button, which is also a very cool thing to see in such a large suite. . . - The Execute Corner Suite comes with a bed big enough to fit 4 girls or 3 guys, as well as a foldout couch that can fit the same amount, just not as comfortably. These guys know we don't come to Vegas in small groups.. . - 2 Plasma TVs, one of which is connected to the sound system that features a music hookup. Being able to play music in your room is a highly beneficial tool when you have 10 people drunk in the middle of the day. . . - The pool is nice and quiet compared to the other big hotels. It's basic and good to go to if you're just looking to get away and not deal with the crowds. However, beware of the Vdara reflecting ray. You don't want to come back from Vegas looking like a lobster.. . - Although the valet can take forever on a busy Sunday, the employees really work their ass off to get your car as soon as possible. You see them constantly running, which can't be an easy job to do for 8 hours a day. Hats off to them.. . Cons:. . - Even though the suite is modern, it's a bit cramped. I've stayed in similar suites elsewhere with more people, and there was much more walking space. Yes this, suite wasn't intended for a group of 10, but there are some areas of it that make you feel cramped even when it's empty. . . - There's no self parking. You either valet or park at the Cosmopolitan. Since most Vegas hotels have self parking, this became very confusing for us and we ended up going with the latter option. We only realized this by the next day, which brings me to my next point:. . - If you self-park at the Cosmopolitan, it takes forever to find the Vdara on your first try. There's no signs or directions. You eventually have to walk to the curb outside and then take the stairs/elevator up to the Vdara. This can be extremely frustrating for first timers. Does it hurt to build a walkway between Cosmo and Vdara?. . - Room key checkers at the elevators are useless as always. Anyone without a key can easily slip in with a group and go in unnoticed. This security tactic never works. . . Overall, I had a fantastic stay at one of Vegas' newest and most modern hotels, once I figured out how to get to it...
Stayed at Vdara over Labor Day weekend with my boyfriend after we got a good deal from a third-party website. I was really excited as I had read positive reviews here on Yelp. . We arrived in Vegas around 8am (driving from Los Angeles)Friday morning, and although check-in time was at 3pm, I called ahead of time and asked if there was any way we could check-in earlier (even if there was a fee). The lady over the phone told me it was fine because they had plenty of rooms avaiable for early check-in. Score!. . We got to the hotel, and the valet guy took our car, while the bell guy took all our luggage out. I waited in line at the front desk only to be told that I couldn't check-in early because our room was not transferable. Even though I told her I called prior to our arrival, and spoken to someone who assured me we would be taken care of, the lady at the front said, "NO". . . Talk about customer service! I wasn't too happy about that, and I thought Vdara would have been a lot more accomodating given the situation.. We had no choice but to leave and wait somewhere. I asked if they could call me as soon as the room was available, and she told me she would.. . Four hours passed, and I never got a call. So, I called and asked if our room was available, and the operator said "yes, it has been ready since 10am". WOW.. . I received no call, and no apology. . I took a star off my rating because of this, and will try Aria on my next Vegas trip.. . As for the room itself, it was spacious and clean. The mini-kitchen is great, and the bathroom has a soak tub and separate shower. The bed was a bit sunken-in in the middle though.. The blinds and shade are one-touch operated, which I loved.. . I like the Vdara because it is a smoke-free facility, but will not be coming back.
Everything in the City Center is absolutely beautiful, including the Vdara. I want to make out with the designers of this place. They really have a vision and executed the shit out of it.. . Vdara is boring as helllllll. Beautiful but boring. Good thing it is walking distance to the Cosmo and Aria.. . Oh and i LOVE The way this place smells. I know it's a weird thing to say, but you will know what i mean if you go here. It hits you right at the door.
First off people saying that Vdara is boring NO $HIT!! its a HOTEL they never claimed to be a hip trendy party resort/casino.. . Felt like it was a relaxing hotel, stayed here 2 nights for the first time, thought it was very modern not rushed, not busy, and quiet which me and my lady liked very much. there's no need to walk through hella slot machines n cigarette smoke n loud drunken vegas first timers to get to the room elevators. . . it was a little wired walking out to other destinations specially when it was 98 degrees out. felt like they can build a walkway directly from the front lobby on to Harmon st. But its vegas you WILL HAVE TO WALK REGARDLESS! had to go thru the walkway then thru the bellagio. its not a bad walk about 5 minutes and  then you are out in the center of strip near planet hollywood/fountains, or u can take a tram to city center/monte carlo/aria which is the opposite side of bellagio on the strip.. . stayed in a city corner suite GREAT views LOVE the HUGE windows, nice amenities, 2 free bottled water a day and free wifi (that actually works and fast) . Bed was comfortable soft big pillows! Very clean loved the big bathroom n tub. 2 tv's and we defiantly made use of the fridge in the kitchen to store leftovers from eating out! Made use of the dining table as well ;)  plenty of glass cups and a couple of wine glasses/coffee mugs.. . Check in was fast and checking out was a breeze if done on the in room TV. I used their business center which had computers to surf the web which i used to check in for our flights and print tickets.. . do be aware which i think is annoying they are going to charge you a room tax plus RESORT FEE then fuking tax you for that resort fee which is comes to $28 a day, i thought that was lame!!!!!!!!. . staff was helpful with directions/shuttle info/and even left a message to see if we wanted housekeeping service, cause we left the do not disturb signal on for the room. which is a switch u can activate near the room door. so we got passed on house keeping during the day.. . I didn't see a room service menu at all in my room, i was craving for a snack late night which was kinda annoying so i said screw it and walked to earl of sandwich in PH. . defiantly will keep vdara in mind when im back in vegas.
We chose to stay at Vdara because we love to come back to a non-gaming, smoke free hotel after a day of Vegas.. . Hits:. . Location:  We loved the location.  It took us literally 5 minutes to get to Cosmo, Aria, or Bellagio and about 8 minutes to get to the strip walking through  Bellagio.  We knew there were no dining options but there are tons 5 minutes away.. . Room:  Big and swanky with a luxurious bathroom, something I love in a hotel room.  Bed was comfortable. Some street noise but nothing that woke me up.  Comfy robes if you ask for them from the front desk.  View of Bellagio and Cosmo pool from the 17th floor.  Fridge was very small--only good for drinks really.. . Hotel:  100% non-smoking.  Fast elevators. Nice clean hallways.  Good food and drinks at Bar Vdara.  Easy check-in/out.  Checked in around noon--no upgrades available but the clerk tried.  Market was convenient for a beer, water, aspirin, etc.  We never ate there but walked next door to Jean Phillippe at Aria instead.  Nice gym.  Nice and quiet overall and everything easily accessible, just what we want from a Vegas hotel.  Loved the free bottled water in our room every day.. . Misses:. . Resort fee way too high for amenities provided.  The Vdara internet is a joke--we couldn't use it and switched back to our network immediately for the entire stay.  You can access the gym but a pass to the spa is not included, another $25/day for each person.. . Pool:  Very average by Vegas standards. Completely enclosed in glass buildings which makes it feel hotter than it is.  Even the umbrellas don't protect you. Chairs are crammed together with no room to move.  You better hope you like the people sitting next to you because you will know all about them.  Drinks were weak, although service was good.  Food at pool was good but service at pool cafe was not and people were complaining.  I did like the music which was nice and kept to a low volume and I loved the hot tub.. . Housekeeping:  Had some issues:  no shampoo for first two days, robes were not brought when asked (had to ask front desk), and came back one day to find hubby's tolietries laid out on a visibly stained washcloth.  Shower amenities are generic and watery, not Aveda anymore like they used to provide.  (Although you can go to the spa and purchase Aveda travel-sized toilietries for a good price.). . Overall Vdara is a good value but I would not stay here again during pool season, as the pool is a factor for me.  For $28 a day, you get the use of the gym and free water.
I decided to stay at this hotel because I got a good deal where i stayed for four nights and got the fifth night free.  Or so i thought.  Be aware that this place has a resort fee of $25 a day, so my savings of $125 for the free night was a wash.  . . But that's ok because this hotel is awesome!  I got a room on the 42nd floor and had a killer view of the Las Vegas valley.  The room was very, very quiet as well, which is just what I needed.  The room even had a really large bathtub where I soaked in almost every night to relax before heading to bed.  Also the scent of their shampoo, conditioner and body is really, really, really good! I think I need to buy some.  . . The only bad thing about this hotel is the location.  Yes, it's next to Aria, but it's a far walk.  And if you want to go to other parts of the strip, knowning you have to walk through Aria first makes the trek even longer.  If you get a car, then know that the parking at Vdara is valet only - so either self-park at Aria, or do what I did - self-park at Bellagio so you can stay in air-conditioning the entire time.
We first decided to stay here pretty soon after it opened because we heard that it was non-smoking & non-gaming (which was great for us as we come to Vegas for the food & the shopping).. . It is very modern in design, they have a perfume/air freshener that they pump into all the public spaces which makes a pleasant change to the smoke you can smell in other/older casino's.. . The rooms are pretty spacious, all of them have pretty much a full kitchen (and I think laundry!)  We try and stop by a grocery store to pick up some wine, cheese & crackers - but the kitchen is also excellent for all the leftovers you will have from all the restaurants you will be visiting.. . I think we stayed in a standard room the first time we tried Vdara, but on our second visit we saw "City View Corner Suites" and would highly recommend them - they don't typically have a view of the Strip (but we have been to Vegas enough times that isn't a big deal any more), but they are much larger, and have a lot of glass - so the light & views (even of the back of the strip & the Interstate) are pretty amazing.. . The first time we stayed there the cafe didn't have many choices, but since they have expanded it along with a small selection of snacks (pretty pricey, but more convenient than going out to a grocery store).. . The pool is large, but can get busy - as well as the music being way too loud sometimes! - the cocktails they serve are very good.. . The fitness center is pretty large, they have something like 6 or 8 treadmills, some free weights and about 6 or 8 fixed weight machines - it does get busy in here though.. . This is now our "go to" place to stay in Vegas (we have tried Bellagio, Wynn, Paris) and if the thought of not having to walk through a smokey & loud casino to get to your room is appealing you should definitely check this place out.. . The valet parking is 10 steps from the front desk, so you again don't have a long walk to get your car.. . We will be back again in December and are looking forward to it.
Very nice place! We spent three nights here this week. It is in a great location. No there is not a casino inside but you are footsteps away from both The Aria and The Bellagio. It is a bit more tricky to get to The Cosmopolitan. Front desk staff and bellmen were all friendly. . There is a bar inside but since we returned from our adventures on the strip pretty late it was closed when we would have stopped in for a nightcap. Same with the small cafe inside. I would have liked the convenience of grabbing a soda or some snacks before heading up to our room.. If you want to use the pool, GO EARLY. It gets very crowded and nearly impossible to find a chair. Drinks at the outdoor bar are overpriced, even by Las Vegas standards.. I do have to remove 1 star for housekeeping standards. Our room was beautiful at first glance but after a closer inspection, there was a lot of dust and streaking on the lighting fixtures and furniture. Bedding was extremely comfortable. One thing that I have to mention that did seem a little "off" was our housekeeper rearranging all my makeup and toiletries on the bathroom counter. I have never experienced that in a hotel before and would greatly prefer that my personal items not be handled. Next time I will keep them packed when we leave our room or put everything in a drawer.
Beautiful modern hotel in the City Center complex, non smoking, no casino.. . For a non-smoker like me, a smoke free property in Vegas was a great win! Gaming isn't available in this hotel, but is in all of the adjacent properties (Bellagio-attached, Cosmopolitan--next door, Aria--short walk around the roundabout). . . Rooms are large and modern, and come with a full kitchen, washer and dryer. It turns out this was originally a condominium building, and those amenities are a nice touch.. . A nice spa is located within the property. The market cafe downstairs is a nice place for breakfast, a light bite, or to pick up items to keep in your kitchen.. . One thing to note: there are no rooms with two doubles, though rooms come with a pullout sofa. The pullout sofa is pathetic!!!!!!!!! We pulled out the sofa and found the skinniest, creakiest (looked unused) mattress we'd ever seen... with four of us in the room, the two of us tried out the bed and rolled into one another--EEK! The hotel accommodated us and brought up a rollaway, and we made up the couch as a bed (instead of the pullout configuration). Just know this isn't the idea way to sleep four, so plan ahead or book elsewhere.. . Resort fee is $25/night (grrr... pet peeve of mine), but includes free internet (pretty quick, but you need to launch your web browser to activate it before opening apps on a smartphone or tablet), free newspapers and a few other things. Parking is not included, but we flew in, so not an issue for us.. . Service all around was friendly and efficient. Nice central location on the strip and we were able to walk everywhere we needed to go (however a cab might be helpful for the more northern- or southern-end properties).
Beautiful rooms.  I got a room on the 43rd floor, and it was spectacular.  The linens really could have been of a higher thread count (but I'm a linen snob).  The bed was very comfortable,with a nice TV (I know, it's Vegas, but I'm getting older and I want to watch TV before I go to bed semi-sober).  . . Service is friendly and gracious.  I love the non-smoking smell, although the perfumy smell is somewhat overwhelming at first.
I've stayed here twice this year and I like it! It's pretty new, clean, and no casino. Haven't tried the restaurant or bar but the cafe is OK. They have cute desserts! Pool is small. The service is good.. . The basic room is called a "Suite" but they are relatively spacious and include a fridge, and kitchen. . . It's a close walk to Aria, Bellagio, and Cosmo. So if you like to gamble...don't worry!. . Also, I love their robes :). . If I was looking to live in Vegas I would definently consider the condos in Vdara
Exactly a year ago today, my friends and I stayed at Vdara to celebrate two friend's birthdays and Halloween, Sin City style. One of the birthday girls chose Vdara and the six of us stayed in the Deluxe Suite. With a King-sized bed and a pull-out couch, we had more than enough space. Even though the weekend wasn't one of my best ventures out to Vegas, the accommodations were comfy & clean and I'd stay here again.
Vdara , compared to Encore and Palazzo, is a standard hotel FOR VEGAS. It's a great hotel if you're looking for extreme piece and quiet. There is absolutely nothing going on at night in the hotel. There is only one cafe which closes at 10 pm, i think. There aren't any restaurants. No casino. It's super quiet!!! The rooms are very clean and set up is nice. I can't remember which appliance did not work when I stayed there but something didn't work in the kitchen. The kitchen is actually really nice....Good size. Bathroom was really nice too. Very big and great showers. I new prior to booking my stay here, that the hotel would be low key and quiet BUT it really doesn't have anything. Not even shops, A gift shop. So although I was expecting a quiet environment in this hotel , it was a little too quiet for my taste. My main concern when traveling is that hotels are clean and Vdara is very clean with nice rooms.
Pros: Nice fancy hotel, no-smoking, valet parking, beautiful view of the bellagio fountain and the strip if your lucky to get that side. . . Cons: It's confusing to get to the hotel driving, and even worse walking. The strip is really like a block away, but either you walk through the Bellagio or Aria to get out or you take a taxi. Also be aware that a $28 resort fee/night and $100 deposit/night is charged when you check in. . . Overall I recommend the hotel. The pricing was right, and the service was  great, but I don't think i'l be staying here again.
I'm digging these new CityCenter properties in the mid-Strip area. Thumbs up for the clean modern design aesthetic Vdara utilizes that makes the room feel a little more like an upscale condo and less like a run-of-the-mill hotel room. Well, I guess the fact there's a kitchen with a stove probably contributes more to that "homey" feel too.. . I liked that the shower door didn't leak.  Sounds kinda dumb to point that out, but I had a small lake replete with fish pooling around my shower at Palazzo.  The sink was one of those trendy rectangular models that looked cool but functionally sucked. The near-flat bottom made sure that draining water never drained well, and when there's two guys shaving with razors it meant splashing water around futilely trying to clean up the place for the next person. . . I absolutely loved the fact that I didn't need to walk six kilometers through a smokey casino to go from the lobby to the guest elevators.  In fact, there is no casino at Vdara and the closest one is probably Cosmo next door.  The downside is that there's no direct connection to Cosmo, but it's not a big deal.  Vdara *is* connected via walkway to its sister property Bellagio.  It's a long route to take, but made easier if you make a pit stop at Jean-Philippe's for some chocolate.. . The beds were comfy, the room nicely appointed and we had a decent view looking north towards the water show at Bellagio.  The gym wasn't huge with maybe 10 treadmills/ellipticals and a dozen machines plus free weights, but it was also so empty that it wasn't a factor. Plenty of towels and water made a quick workout a breeze. Good location and everything above makes it a solid 4 stars for me. Looking forward to my next stay here.
Despite being MGM's biggest money pit, this place is still accommodating for guests such as ourselves, maintaining a good level of service and having very classy rooms and furniture. Staying in their suites means you get to stay inside one of the rooms they originally intended to sell as a condo, you can tell by the washer and dryer. Therefore, if you're gonna stay in Vegas for more than four days for a convention or what not, definitely try and get one of these Vdara suites. . . The rooms are fairly dark; you can see they're going after a very modern feel just as with the casinos and lobbies of Aria. . . Our suite was pretty damned big; a bedroom with one king bed, a living room with a plasma and roll away couch, its own kitchen, and a larger than normal bathroom with a tub, stand up shower, two sinks, and a powder room counter. . . We landed our suite at 180 a night, thanks to Priceline. It's one heck of a bargain, and I think you can consistently land this hotel on that site, as well!
The Vdara is for you if you want: to be in City Center where the hotels are all modern with no tacky themes, no smoking, spacious all suite rooms, don't mind short walks to the Aria, Cosmopolitan or Bellagio for gaming, buffets and restaurants. The in-room dining with butler style service is very nice and the concierge was very patient and helpful.  All of the staff I interacted with were very courteous. . . Vdara is not for you if you want: smoking, gaming in house, a selection of restaurants, or a large pool and pool scene.. . I had a wonderful experience there and would certainly return again.. . Tips: ask for a robe and slippers, ask for the plates/silverware too so you can fulfill those late night snacking urges. Ask for the late checkout, they gave us 1 hour no problem and early check-in was a breeze.
The Vdara is so nice! I didn't realize we have a hotel without a casino in it. I had clients who had a corner suite on the top floor and I was very impressed with the gorgeous view. The suite was a great deal at $275/night!. . The lounge downstairs was very posh and the service was stellar. We ordered a bottle of wine and snacked on some almonds. There was also a flare bartender that was quite entertaining.. . I think my next stay-cation will be at Vdara.
Modern, clean, excellent staff, plush beds, free valet.  The bathtubs are really cool.   I'll stay here again no question.  It's a non-gaming and smoke free hotel which is a plus when you want to relax and take a break from the smokey casinos.
Very clean and modern. The door mechanism is kind of awkward. You have to wave your card on it very very slowly. . . We were a group of 4 dudes, on the 37th floor. Man the view was killer! We all slept perfectly and wasn't disturbed.. . 2nd to last day and my friend noticed that the maids lifted his belt! Man was he pissed. A janky black belt for the clubs only and they took it!. . The valet kicks ass and non-aggressive and free ( tip of course)
Summary - Upscale hotel with some service deficiencies. . Pros - Great views, modern attractive suites, comfortable bed, excellent spa, easy to get to room (compared to other Vegas Hotels).  Nice soaking tubs that fill up fast.. . Cons - Hit or miss service, below average valet service, pull out bed as bad as they get.. . The rooms are clean, comfortable, quite and attractive.  The panoramic suites have great views of the city - the city corner suites aren't quite as nice but still have good views.  The spa at the hotel is one of the best anywhere.  There is no casino in the hotel (which is actually a plus for me) so it is easy to get to your room without walking through 500 yards of smoke before making it to the elevators.  There is a short walkway that connects the hotel to the Bellagio and the Aria is about 100 yards away for gambling and better food.  . . If you have a car you will be required to use the valet service, which is horrible at this hotel.  On our last trip we were there 5 days and when we tried to call down to have them bring out our car they never answered the phone.  One time we wanted to run across to the Aria Hotel to grab a quick coffee and asked went to the valet desk to ask them to bring out our car so we could pick it up in 20 minutes - they refused.  When we checked out of the hotel we brought our baggage and valet claims to the bell desk, who told us we couldn't give them to the desk and had to go flag down someone outside.  Bottom line is that the employees weren't helpful - especially for a hotel that wants to be upscale.  We never waited less than 10 - 15 minutes for them to bring out our car.  The good news is that if you don't drive to the hotel you can bypass the valet.  . . Housekeeping was generally good and the staff was friendly.  The only exceptions were occasionally (3 times during a 5 day stay) they would show up at our room to bring us things we didn't order.  This really wasn't a big deal except one time someone at hotel called after we explained that we didn't order any plates and in a demanding voice wanted to know exactly what we ordered.  "Nothing" we explained again - it was really weird.
Room is very clean and modern!
Clean and modern love it. Great service as well. A friend of ours had booked a room in advanced, however they gave us the wrong room number twice! After the third time, the receptionist proceeded to give us an upgraded suite with a kitchen, 1.5 bathrooms, a bedroom, and a pull out bed from the couch. The hotel itself was very clean and I felt like a million bucks walking down the hallway. . . Valet parking only, so be prepared to tip when picking up your cars. Close to the Cosmopolitan, and moderately still close to the strip. Wifi was included for our room! Tons of mirrors everywhere, allowing us to get ready without any crowding. Would definitely come back again.
I didn't notice the perfume everyone on here mentioned that was pumped through the hotel for its ambiance until my friend pointed it out later when we were checking out and I agree it does smell DELICIOUS. SMOKE free. AWESOME. I didn't really care and never really noticed a difference until after the trip. Staff is very welcome and nice. Very accommodating, GYM is on point. I was able to slap my IPOD with the two flat screen tvs. We were upgraded to a view overlooking the entire strip and Bellagio. Pool was nice. Jacuzzi quite small. . . Older clientele. More, older looking folks and business casual. (Personally would've enjoyed seeing more folks my age, but glad no crazy wild young crowds acting crazy!). . GREAT AMENITIES. Housekeeping on point. . . Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom kind of awkward. There's no actual door so if you're traveling with a friend you will have to kindly slide the shutter when changing, taking a shower, or using the restroom. . . The bathtub pipe was leaking towards the end of the trip so it scared the crap out of it. I did NOT want to use that throughout the trip. . . Check in and check out was breeze. You can actually check out upstairs in your room via the tv screen monitor. . . I'd consider going back to stay if there was a deal, however, please note it is quite behind COSMO and you have to walk through the side streets or through the Bellagio to get through everything.
We recently stay in a City Corner Suite at Vdara. The room was beautiful, great decor and very clean. Nice Aveda products in the bathrooms. Quick check in and fast Valet service. No self parking on property. My only issue was with housekeeping. We called down for extra wash cloths and laundry soap, after waiting for two hours I called again and about an hour later they finally brought it.....frustrating. . . We also went to the spa for a pedicure. We purchased groupons at half price. The pedicure was great....not worth $70 but everything in spa's on the strip is pricey, so, not a big deal. .  . The walkway to the Tram and Bellagio is very convenient. All in all this was a great stay!
Booked Vdara for a great price during my stay Dec. 23 - 25. Staff at the hotel was friendly and accommodating. We had a really bad experience at a restaurant in Aria that is associated with Vdara because they are all MGM properties and when we went to complain, the front desk associate Kyle corrected the situation by comping us for the meal and also waiving our resort fees. One downside was that housekeeping took a while to get us extra sheets and blankets for the sofa sleeper, and another group in our party never got their extra bedding because the hotel ran out. Overall, stay was comfortable, rooms and bathrooms were nice, and staff really went above and beyond. We really liked the location and not having a casino in the building. Complimentary valet service was nice when we pulled in on the first day. We pretty much just left our cars the entire stay. Lobby smelled heavenly! We would go back and stay again.
No Casino, No Smoking .... absolutely wonderful!. . Be sure to note that the "do not disturb" sign is a button next to the door.
Modern, spacious, & family-friendly. This was our first trip to Vegas as parents. My husband did his research and picked Vdara for is casino-free, smoke-free, all-suite environment. Equipped with a kitchenette and mini-living room, it was perfect for our little 9 mos. old to roam around freely. And since its in the middle of The Strip, access to other hotels is within walking distance. . . There are only two reasons I didn't give it 5 stars: there aren't any dining options open past 10pm so you have to go next door to Bellagio or Aria or order room service. Also, the bed is too soft for my taste. I prefer a more firm mattress and this one was a bit lumpy. . . Tip: Don't pay extra to upgrade for a view. It's not worth it cuz all you see are cars driving in and out.
Let's keep this simple: great location (bridges to Bellagio, Aria/CityCenter), clean, affordable (look for online deals), and still upscale.. . It won't blow you away with a fountain or a garden or the hottest club in Vegas, but this is your place to sleep dammit.  If you so choose to do so while visiting Vegas.  I did, it's good for you.  While you're sleeping you aren't spending money.  Well, other than for the bed.  But it's a nice bed.
I love this place. The views are fabulous, the staff is very courteous, and the suites are well laid out. We had stayed here the previous season so we were upgraded from a one bedroom to two bedroom immediately. . . It is nice to stay at a place that does not have a casino so it is quiet and there is a lot less foot traffic inside. My only gripe is the long walk back from the strip. Either go through the Cosmopolitan or criss-cross back and forth on Harmon. Oh well, that is tge price you pay for a quiet retreat.. . The internet connection is terrible. My husband and I had a difficult getting and keeping our connection.
We love Vdara. The rooms are comfortable and the perfect size. The hotel is quiet, the pool is lovely, and the staff is friendly. Two minor complaints: 1) no self parking. 2) no restaurants. But there are plenty of restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from. . We like Vdara.
This was an awesome property to stay at while in Las Vegas.  I managed to snag the Panoramic suite a few days after Thanksgiving and it was simply amazing.  I ended up getting a package deal that allowed me $150 on food and resort amenities so I definitely took advantage of the extra spending money towards food.  The room service was amazing as well as the little shop downstairs by the lobby.  Freshly made food and you could take it up to your room for your own private consumption. . . Now the only two things that might make you pause and think about staying here is the fact that 1. It's a smoke free environment and 2. its a non-gaming property.  Now if you don't smoke, need to get a way from the gaming, or both, then this is a definite property for you.  The lobby is only a short walk away from either Aria, Bellagio or Cosmopolitan and if you talk to the Concierge they can put you on the guest list for Haze over at Aria.. . So overall, a great experience, low-medium price, and an overall wonderful experience at this property.  I look forward to returning!
pros: . - nice, clean, modern hotel rooms. - adequate security. - efficient and friendly room service.. . cons: . - kind of a far walk to the actual strip since its way towards the back of the city center. - controlling the temp in the rooms was kind of hard (hard to find a happy medium). - felt every single spring on the mattresses on the sofa bed lol
Rooms are nice but no casino  which means you have to pay for the rooms usually
I spent a weekend out in Las Vegas, and stayed at Vdara for a day. Wow, this place is great. Check in was a breeze, and all the staff are very friendly. Our room was very nice and spacious, giving you that modern city feel. The bath rooms are a good size as well. The shower pressure was so so, but it was still relaxing. The bed is a big king and very comfy. . . The kitchen is pretty cool as well. if i could go back, i would have used more than i did. It comes with a oven top, small kitchen table, and a sink.. . Overall the hotel was amazing. The entire hotel itself was bit smaller then i had imagined, but its only because its not a resort & casino. Its a very relaxing get away and right in the middle of Vegas. Highly recommend you check it out.
We really enjoyed our stay at Vdara. Aside from the beautiful property in which everybody reviews about, I would like to review the staff in this hotel. From prior to checking in to checking out, our experience have been wonderful. the day before we arrived, I forgot to confirm the reservation for Zarkana Show and the reservationist helped us over the phone. It has to de dobe 72 hrs prior! Even if it wasn't the revervations staff's responsibility, she assisted us throughout the process.. We arrived at the hotel early and the front desk was able to accomodate us immediately. Security Staff are courteous and professional. We felt safe.. . Concierge were able to help us with a car rental for a day. . . Valet staff are on it! They checked and made sure we were assisted. . . Housekeeping are great. They go about their duties with less noise.. barely knew they were next door or across the hall. They did a great job in our room. . . Spa staff? oh yes! :-) My massage therapist, Ivy was Awesome!! Also the ladies that receive you and maintain the spa are friendly and great. It also helps that the spa accepts spafinder certificates.. . I would recommend this hotel for those who want a relaxing getaway but also want that vegas vibe on a part time basis! . . We booked a weekday 2 night Zarkana Package for 350 plus fees and tax. Our seats were 10 seats back from the stage. Nice!!. . Thank you Vdara staff.. a hotel can look luxurious and beautiful, but it is the staff that reflects its true facade.
Don't be thrown off my stories of the "VDARA Death Ray."  In fact, that was the reason I wanted to check this hotel out - maybe I could have gotten a room to see people get zapped like flies.  Fortunately / unfortunately, the death ray probably no longer exists, but it's a good fisherman's tale.. . Seriously though, I wanted to try this hotel, since it didn't have a casino directly underneath the rooms, which drops the probability of me scuffling with a drunkard or prostitute before a nice evening.  This hotel was truly very relaxing.  True to it's namesake, the bathroom was very spa-like.  After 120 degree days and the stress of high stakes poker, a nice soak in the tub is indeed relaxing.. . It has a cafe on the bottom floor, so if you just want a quick snack, you don't have to walk outside in the blazing heat to get a nice cup of coffee.  It's also connected via walkways to the Aria and the Bellagio (and tram), so it's an easy walk to the casinos / food / shows.  . . Even though it's on the strip, it's a little bit hard to get to.  Thanks to the fellow yelpers, you must be very cautious to see the very small teeny tiny sign to the ramp to get there.  Also, the turnabout out of the hotel can also be confusing.. . The receptionists were also very friendly and informative.  They really went out of their was to be accommodating.  The valet service could have left more to be desired though - at times it was rather slow.. . Although I did like the "security" (after a certain time at night, there's a person checking for keys to enter the guest elevators), one of the staff was particularly aggressive towards me.  It was my first night there, so I had no idea.  I had my access card in my pocket, but I was almost yelled at for not showing it before going towards the elevators.  That wasn't very welcoming.  Star lost.
no casino and no smoking in the lobby...how awesome is that?. large, stylish rooms.. comfy bed.
I've stayed here twice now and I love it. It's a beautiful hotel and it's close to a lot of places - Cosmo, Aria, Planet Hollywood. Since there's no casino, it's a non-smoking hotel which means no cigarette smell! :D . . The first time I stayed here with my friends, we had a suite that came with a kitchen, two rooms, a small dining room, one full bathroom (with a shower and tub) and one half bathroom (just the toilet and sink). One room had a king size bed and the other had a pull out queen. The tub was super handy after a long night of clubbing and all the girls' feet were in pain. Everyone loved this room and it definitely added to the magic of our first trip to Vegas :)
Very nice hotel - new, modern and non-smoking! It was nice to not have a casino here. We liked being up on the 29th floor - could see a lot. Loved the automatic shades in the room, the large shower, the quick and quietly flushing toilet, and especially the tub!!!. Prices in the market cafe were a little steep, but that's LasVegas. I appreciated being able to get a latte there in the morning.. We took advantage of the free valet parking. The valets were very nice and efficient. We also got to check in early - wasn't expecting that we could but a nice surprise.
Date of stay - late Octubre 2012. Paid ~ $175 night for a 30ish floor "lake" side room" over the weekend. . . Room was clean and well kept. No complaints. There was a small kitchenette but was curiously lacking in any glassware and the like. It's Vegas, but hey. Even I might want a spoon at 3 am. . . Where Vdara absolutely sucks it up is with their cafe downstairs. It's rude and totally innefective. Want a cup of coffee in the morning? What a disaster. Read up on the other complaints about the cafe. They're all true.. . Location isn't perfect for the Strip, but is tolerable. You either need to wade your way through Aria or douchebag city errrr Jockey Club which will take quite awhile. . . Never used amenities so can't comment there.
Very nice indeed and I got a rate which I thought was pretty reasonable. Only thing is that they charge a resort fee whether you use the facilities or not. I wish they could make it optional. . Vdara is located at the city center and sandwiched between Bellagio and Aria. I love that it's smoke free butthe layout of the room feels a little tight. The little kitchen would be useful if you are staying more than a couple of days but the fridge might be a little small if you want to do any cooking at all. They have the most comfy bathrobes here! I also love that they have a little market cafe to do some grocery or food shopping.
What I loved:. - Beautiful suite with fantastic tub and wonderful view from the wall to wall windows (if you can get a suite on a high floor with an even number between 2-10, you'll have a great Bellagio fountain view!). - Non-smoking hotel.  This was perhaps the best feature for me.  It was so refreshing to come "home" to a stench-free environment.. - Location/access to everything.  Vdara is actually very convenient.  There's a walkway to Bellagio with Aria & Cosmopolitan right out the front door and Monte Carlo (and the south strip) is just a quick, free tram ride away.. . Why it's not a 5*hotel:. - Extremely low quality linens.  Sheets were like sleeping on cotton/polyester sandpaper and towels were thin, stiff and a couple already had holes.  Very odd.  I have never seen such low quality and have had much better at Hampton Inns & Best Westerns.  I know they are going to eco-friendly, but eco-friendly does not equate to terrible quality.  I was so happy to get home to my bamboo sheets & soft, fluffy towels.. - Extremely low quality bath products. The bath products were equally terrible.  Usually I bring my own shampoo/conditioner/lotion - but lately when I've stayed at nicer hotels, I find that their bath products are so nice, I feel silly for taking up space in my little quart sized carry on, so I didn't bring any this time.  Oh what a mistake.  They were absolutely atrocious.  I ended up stopping by Sephora and picking up some sample size products to use for a 2 night stay (that bad - couldn't even manage for 2 nights).  I suppose it's worth noting that they do sell travel sized Aveda products in their spa/salon.. - Sparse amenities.  No real restaurant, you have to request robes or coffee maker if you would like them (not a big deal, but seems like this should be standard for a 5*).  No HBO/movie channels/etc.  Again not a big deal at all, but it just struck me as really odd.. - $25 resort fee is for a sparse fitness center with no locker room/sauna/steam room (you have to purchase a spa day pass or spa treatment to access that), 2 tiny bottles of water and wi-fi (which is free throughout the hotel, not a sign-on).  Eh - just found that irritating.. . In short - if you get a killer deal, the room alone is worth the stay. However, if you think of it as a 5* hotel, and compare to any other 5* in Vegas, you'll be very disappointed.  I'd say it's very on par with the MGM Signature - except you don't have a fun balcony.
My wife and I have been lucky enough to stay in some of the best hotels Vegas has to offer. This was our first time at the Vdara and we enjoyed it. We have stayed in the City Center twice before (Mandarin Oriental and Aria) so we knew the turf.. . The main difference in this hotel compared with the other 4/5 star hotels on the strip is lack of casino and no real restaurant on property. No biggie-theAria, Bellagio and Cosmopolitan are within walking distance have have top notch restaurants and of course casino's. Vdara is also completely non-smoking (huge plus).. . Staff was nice, friendly and helpful and the room (standard 34th floor facing the mountains) was very nice and new. All rooms seem to have some sort of kitchen/kitchenette, although the only city I generally won't need a kitchen is Las Vegas!   An upgrade (besides a larger room) would be a room facing the Bellagio to see the famous fountains. . . Bottom line: If you can get a good rate and are traveling with children or just want a quiet oasis to get back to at night-this is your place (and Mandarin Oriental as well). If you love having the casino action and general Vegas craziness IN your hotel-stay at any of the other 4/5 star hotels on the strip.
My boyfriend booked this hotel for Super Bowl weekend. I was a little hesitant because there wasn't a casino.  I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Aria is very close walk to Vdara and you don't even notice that  that there isn't a casino.  The rooms are very nice and bed is super comfy. I probably wouldn't stay here for a girl's weekend, but this was the perfect spot for a couple's weekend. There was a little store on the first floor that had a variety of alcohol and food options. The prices were very reasonable and not the normal Vegas overpriced casino options.
Vdara is different from the other hotels in Vegas...it's away from the hustle bustle. There is no casino and no high end shops. That also means it's much quieter, smells clean and getting up to your room is not  an expedition. The pool seemed really nice too but they closed at 4pm (but that's probably because it's late winter/early spring).. Yes, it's away from the strip but conveniently connected to the Bellagio which is right on the strip. Sometimes it was annoying to walk through the Bellagio but for the the most part, it was not a problem at all. Although we didn't try it but there's a tram that connects Aria and Bellagio. . The room was modern yet cozy. There were 2 tv screens, automatic shades/blackout curtains, a stove, microwave and a mini fridge with 2 complimentary bottles of water. The bathroom was also pretty nice...especially the soaking bathtub with a hand shower. My only issue was that therewere no power outlets on the bedside (or I didn't see any)...I like to have my phone charging next to me as I sleep. Also, perhaps this is standard for Vegas hotels but there was no coffee maker in the room. Otherwise, the hotel room was very comfortable and inviting.. The service was exceptional. Every staff member we encountered was courteous and provided the best service they could. The housekeeping staff went out of their way to clean and arrange things appropriately . We enjoyed our stay here!
I've stayed at Vdara before, but this is the first time I've actually booked a room there myself.. . This hotel is actually pretty good compared to most Vegas hotels. I normally stay at slightly-lower tier hotels like Paris or Flamingo, but for some reason during the weekend of Feb 16-18, rates here were cheaper than those hotels.. . Everyone here was friendly- from the valet and bell carrier outside, the woman (Amanda) at the front desk, the baggage carrier inside, to the room service- I had no problems or second-thoughts tipping them.. . The room itself was very nice. As their lowest tiered room (the Deluxe Suite), it is very nicely done with a kitchenette, queen-size sofa bed in addition to the king-size bed, and a nicely done bathroom, I was very pleased with everything about this room except one thing.. . The only problem I had with the room was the connectivity panel for the TV. My friends and I were trying to play music from our iPods through the speaker system on the TV via USB, but for some reason, the TV wasn't reading the iPod, even after having gone through the instruction on the TV on how to access the connectivity panel. We were also disappointed with the music system in the room. There was an alarm clock with and AUX attachment, but the sound quality was poor. I expected something better when other hotels offer sound systems with built-in iPod docks that sound better.. . I normally don't even bother with hotel amenities other than the pool, but this time I used the fitness center. Free for resort guests, their gym is actually pretty nice. The weightlifting area is pretty small with only two benches, but there were hardly any people there in the first place, except for this one guy. He gave me a weird feeling, and he would randomly sing parts of whatever song he was listening to on his headphones. I can't be too sure, but I think he was also giving me a look. Having had the weird feeling, I avoided eye contact altogether. All I could do was look at my friend who instantly knew what I was thinking.. . Overall, this hotel is great. The sound system was just something minor, but I had no problem with everything else.
It's hard to write a review for this place, because people come to Vegas for different things.  If you're coming to relax and stay at a nice hotel with friendly staff, this is the place for you.  There's NO CASINO at this hotel (great place for you to bring your gamble-holic spouses).  If I were a business that needed to send employees to Vegas, this would be the perfect spot.. . If you're coming to Vegas to "get crunk", hookup, or lose all your money at the tables, stay away from this place and check out it's neighbor, the Cosmo.. . Subtracted one star because the water pressure in the shower was horrible.
Since I'll be heading back to Vegas in a couple of months, I'm sure that my friends and I are going to heavily consider staying at Vdara once again.  As part of my annual trip back to Sin City, we got an extremely good deal for an Executive Corner Suite and it was well worth squeezing in all your friends.. . Vdara is a steal if you compare it to other luxury hotels on the Strip.  As deals are rampant in Vegas, we were fortunate to snag a deal that allowed us to comfortably pack nearly ten people in a room meant for say... five?  I can't say it was a tiny bit cramped, but from trial and error, these were some of the hi-lights:. . 1. That sunshine breaking your hangover sleep at 6am?  With the flick of a switch, the curtains come down and you're back to snoozeland.. . 2. Inviting your friends over for a party?  The service was splendid and were willing to provide us with extra plates and cups, so everyone can join in on King's Cup of course.. . 3. The shower in the executive suite gave us unique shower parties with 3-4 people at one time.  We're on a tight schedule here, so sharing is caring.  Plus after living in Japan for a few years, showering around others does not pose an issue at all.. . 4. Large pullout bed that actually turned out to be even softer than the real one?  Plus one for me!. . Because of the lack of casinos in the actual hotel, there isn't as much smoking around the hallways and lobbies, so it also makes a great place for children or those that rather not soak in the smell of tobacco.. . They also have a nice gym near the bottom.  Lots of weights available, along with cardio machines.  There's also lots of small water bottles available, so be sure to snag some for that friend that couldn't quite make it to the restroom last night.  Helping your body AND your friend.  What's not to like about that?. . Only real bad  thing I'd note about Vdara is the confusing driveway up to it and the Cosmopolitan.  I mean geez... whoever designed this needs to get backhanded.  Too many near accidents from it, and all of us are sober (as it should be... don't drink and drive kids!). . Cheers Vdara for a good stay!
Came to this hotel for two days of business meetings with about 70 people total. The meeting room was perfect for a group our size. Snacks were provided during breaks that were always fresh and just right. Coffee and beverages were never lacking. Breakfast and lunch in the restaurant was really good considering it was buffet and the size of the group they had to cook for. Salmon, cooked just right and flavorful, Kobe beef tender and juicy.. . The rooms were modern chic, sort of a Euro look and decent size. Free WiFi. The best part of this hotel?? NO CASINO!!!! I loved not having to walk through slot machines to get to and from my room. If you want to gamble hop on the Aria Tram or walk across to the Aria which faces the Vdara. The Cosmopolitan is also close by.
Vdara offered a decent price through a promotion on their website compared to other hotels on the strip. Despite not being on the strip, it only takes about two minutes to walk to Aria.. . The hotel does not have a casino and is smoke-free, which I appreciate since all my clothes won't need to soak up the smell. Our king deluxe suite is perfect for an overnight stay. The mini-fridge had space to store our "beverages." There is a kitchenette for those who want to cook while in Vegas (complimentary cookware and kitchenware through room service).. . My only complaint is the the soap dish in the shower is in a weird spot. I banged my elbow several times during showers. Also, when I called to ask on amenities, I asked if the hotel does anything special for those who are celebrating an anniversary. The representative stated yes and supposedly put notes in the system. Unfortunately nothing came out of it. I'm not a fan of false expectations.
We stayed a couple of nights for my bday weekend. I really enjoyed staying here. If you are looking for an actual casino hotel this place wouldn't be the one. . . Pros. 1. No gambling, no smoking area! ( great for families w kids) . 2. Comfortable bed . 3. Modern style room. 4. Great location! Not too far from the strip. 5. Kitchen and decent size refrigerator. . . Cons. I wish they had more varieties of restaurants. They had a coffee/ snack bar and a bar. I guess they did serve some food in the bar but the menu wasn't really special. . . I would definitely come here again and recommend this hotel to others
I really enjoyed my stay here.  The price is excellent for what you get.  The location is great - very convenient.  The air is "fresher" than the other hotels (I usually get nauseous inside cigarette smoke infested areas... not the case here!).  The room was very modern and roomy.  I liked the layout a lot.  Only complaint is that the cleaning crew forgot to empty the previous guests' leftovers and water bottles in the fridge.
This is one of my favorite modern high tech hotels in Vegas.. Unfortunately its pricey unless you get a special.. NO guest free parking... only Valet meaning adding another hidden $30 to your bill.. They get you one way or another (either a "resort" fee or parking fee or something).. . Beds is extremely comfortable, and air well circulated in a high tech environment.. While this is not my cup of tea... like living as an exec in a high rise building (akin to living at the office).  I had a great time here.
There's nothing wrong per day with Vdara...but once I went to the Belaggio and the Wynn I fell in love with that ambiance instead! The rooms at Vdara are nice but maid service is slow, the sinks take forever to drain and the water pressure in the showers could be a lot better. But overall it was a fine place to stay for the weekend!
Un hotel a Las Vegas que j'ai adore! Tout d'abord il n'y a pas de casino donc on est loin du bruit et des cigarettes! Et si on veut jouer il y a les hotels Aria, Cosmo qui sont juste a cote, et le Bellagio par tramway. L'hotel qui est assez recent est magnifique! Tout est moderne, une belle vue, la chambre est assez grande, il y a meme une cuisine et dans chaque salle de bain une douche et une baignoire.
This was a really nice hotel for the price and you can't beat the location across the street from Aria. Although there is no casino on this property the Aria is right across the street and there are plenty of other venues within walking distance. . . We had a standard room and it was very spacious with a king size bed, sofa bed, writing desk, big bathroom and a kitchenette with table. Very spacious and comfortable room.. . We loved the marketplace downstairs in the lobby where you could grab a quick bite to eat or a bottle of Veuve Clicquot (and plenty of other libations) for an evening in your room admiring your amazing view.. . Enjoy!
The Vdara is a nice place to stay in Vegas. Sometimes it is refreshing to stay where there is no casino or smoking or anything like that. The rooms are really nice and it is a great location right off the strip.
Casino/smoke free!. . Well priced. . Great location, right next door to the Cosmopolitan and Aria. . Nice rooms. . Decent room service. . Free valet parking. . Our first visit here we arrived late on a Friday night and we were upgrade to a penthouse 2-story suite!!!  We've stayed several times since and are always happy here.  W
Clean hotel close to Aria and Cosmo. No gambling or smoking kind of like the signature. So close to everything and extremely friendly staff. Stayed in concierge suite w/great views of the strip. Will def go back.
Stayed in the panoramic suite on the 33rd floor.. . The room: absolutely beautiful! The walk is a bit annoying and is at the end of the floor, but the view will be worth. You are greeted by a long hallway when you walk in.. -The kitchen: nice big fridge, microwave, stove, and dishwasher. I think it's kind of pointless to have a kitchen without any plates, cups, or silverware...or papertowels. Make sure to bring your own. -The bathroom: clear shower, tub, two sinks, closet and toilet in one room. . -The bedroom: comfy king bed, a desk table and TV. -The living room: another TV, a couch and a couple coffee tables. The couch is a pull-out but is extremely uncomfortable (your better off on the floor), and comes with no sheets.. -The shades are electrically controlled and there are atleast four or five different controls on the wall that are confusing to find. . . Other things to keep in mind:. -$25 resort fee that includes internet and the valet-only parking. -the valet take forever so call ahead to get your car. -make sure to always have your room key because you need it to get to the elevators. -the hotel has no casino and is smoking free. -the hotel is conveniently located next to aria, cosmo and the bellagio. ask the attendants how to get there cause it gets kinda confusing. -& their pool is sucks.. . Overall, the vdara is nice but there is room for improvement.
Vdara is one of the newest Hotel/Casinos on the strip.. It has that whole modern/clean look, the designers here,also executed the remodel beautifully.. It's pretty small and crammed between others though, so that its hard to figure out when you are in which Casino/Hotel.. Not big enough to spend the entire day in but nice to stroll through and stop to have a drink/meal/gamble in a gorgeous atmosphere.
This is the only place I am willing to stay in Vegas. It is a clean, quiet refuge in Vegas. The rooms are large suites, with comfortable beds, plenty of room to stretch out or work, and a large tub to soak in. The common places feature attractive art, a low key soundtrack, and a better selection of guests than most properties.I don't understand why people bring kids to Vegas, but they do and this is the only place that I would consider family-friendly. The worst I can say about Vdara is that they don't trust you with the iron: it is chained to the ironing board and the iron holder is bolted to the most useful end of the ironing board. This is my second stay. And in both cases I wound up with a beat up, barely functional iron and had difficulty making my clothes loom as good as I needed them to. However, a few wrinkles are a small price to pay I. Order to enjoy a refuge from flashing lights, waddling drunken masses, and career criminals that you encounter everywhere else.
The hotel is non-smoking, non-gaming, and green. The hotel is back behind other hotels on the strip, which pretty much kills the strip views but gives you a buffer. Because of these features, this hotel draws a certain clientele that is non-smoking, possibly less interested in gaming, etc - you get the point. It feels more refined than the typical vegas joint. It's vegas without the part of vegas I don't like - no bachelorette girls and hard partying wannabees. (Yes, party if you wish but don't bring it back to the room next to me.) None of that at Vdara. We ventured out to other hotels to visit but always enjoyed coming back to our hotel where it was calm and smelled great - kind of a peachy-vanilla scent.. . The rooms are modern, clean, stylish, and quiet. An oasis away from the strip but close enough that you can participate if you so choose. I thought it was great but Vdara would be a mismatch for party animals and those bent on living the 'stays in vegas' dream.. . The only negative (assuming you are the Vdara-type as I am) was the sofa bed. It's got to be the worst sofa bed I've ever seen. Thin and completely uncomfortable. If you need more sleeping space, triple up in the real bed or get more rooms.. . Staff is all very nice - valet, desk, etc. Housekeeping staff is exceptional - very nice and helpful.
A short walk to cosmopolitan and just a short walk past the valet to Aria is Vdara!  . . It is an excellent hotel.  Our room had a mini-living room and bedroom.  It was separated by a wall that had an LCD TV on each side.  We had a little kitchen but we didn't use it.  There were no issues with noise.  The bathroom was big and clean.. . We had an excellent view of Las Vegas.  We could see the Bellagio fountains from our room.  If you bring a car, you will have to valet it.  The self-parking is pretty far away.  The valet is complimentary for guests -- just gotta tip.. . Once you exit the hotel, you can walk to the tram which will bring you around CityCenter.  You can also exit the hotel and walk to the Vegas Strip.. . FYI There is a resort fee that needs to be paid daily!
I was upgraded to the penthouse so that made me happy. the view was amazing
For my last Vegas trip I decided to stay at a cheaper place than my first trip. For my first trip, I stayed at Cosmo. . . I was really impressed with Vdara. The check in line was a lot shorter than Cosmo, which was good because I really wanted to get into my hotel room because I needed to nap after a long day of drinking haha. There's no casino here. I'm not too sure if I like that so much because I'm a huge slot machine fan! . . We got the Vdara suite. It was awesome! The king size bed felt so good to sleep on! The pull out bed however was horrible. You might as well sleep on the floor. I think that pull out bed is way too old and they really need to replace it. My group had two rooms and both the pull out couches were bad. Trust me, you might as well sleep on the floor. . . The bathroom was probably my favorite! It has a tub!! It became very useful after a night of clubbing. We would come back and turn it on and soak our feet in it while eating our left over Earls sandwiches. Yup this is what I called living the life haha jk. . . Another thing I really liked about Vdara is that there's absolutely no line for the taxi! When I stayed at Cosmo, the taxi line was ridiculously long! But Vdara is a lot different, I only waited 5 minute max for a taxi line.. . I would definitely stay at Vdara again. I think it's worth the money and it's super close to Cosmo, Aria, and Planet Hollywood. What more do you need besides Earls and Fat Tuesdays when you're in Vegas? Haha.
Went on a spring break trip with my boyfriend and his friends. The Vdara  is an awesome hotel. . . Pros: No casinos, lovely staff, and the rooms are pretty nice. We had a view where we can see the Bellagio fountains. This is a quiet place where you can relax and sleep in with no drunk people waking you up. The kitchen was nice and I was able to store drinks into the fridge.. . Cons: The shower pressure in the bathroom sucks and I didn't enjoy it very much because the water temperature changes from freezing cold to boiling hot water. Getting out of the hotel to walk onto the strip was difficult because we almost got ran over a few times. The shower products are mediocre so I bought my own toiletries. . . Overall, I would stay at the Vdara again if they change the shower pressure and fix the water temperature control.
Great hotel. Had a suite on the 52nd floor. Have an amazing view to one side of the strip from my windows, open the door to the hallway and see the other half of the strip. . . Suite is really big. More usable space than the Aria. Washer/dryer, full kitchen with stove top, microwave, refrigerator, etc.  love this room.. . AMAZING for photographers. I could shoot here for a month and still not explore everything.. . Arrived at 9:20am and was told I had to come back at 10am to pre-check in. You can't just put me in the system now? That was weird
Second time in Vegas, first time at Vdara. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous. No gimmicks like most of the strip, just clean lines and polished steel. Pretty modern but not in a cheap way like ikea.. . We got to the hotel around 4:30 PM and after a long flight we just wanted to check in and take a nap. The front desk was very speedy and got us in and out in just a few minutes. One disappointing thing was the 100 dollar a night debit card hold, you can avoid this by using a credit card. It wasn't a big deal but maybe they should put this on their website.. . We were debating between Vdara and Bellagio. We wanted a fountain view but didn't want to pay the Bellagio price. The fountain view rooms at Vdara are pretty slick. They give you half a view of the beautiful mountains and the other side gives you a view of the fountains. Although I don't know the fountain view justifies the extra money, it was better than staring at the parking garage on the other side of the hotel. . . Some people say this hotel is the perfect distance from the strip and others say it is quite a walk. To actually get on the strip from the lobby of Vdara might take a 10 to 15 minute walk. You can do this by walking through the tunnel that connects the hotel to the Bellagio or you can walk outside and through Aria's casino or Crystals Mall. Their is a tram that connects Aria, Vdara, and Bellagio. I didn't use it but I guess that's another option. . . Vdara does not have a casino at all. So that means no smoking. And if you have stayed in any other pro-smoking hotels in Vegas you know that you can't escape the smoke. It's nice not getting black lung while I sleep. Anytime we wanted to gamble we walked to Aria, a 5 minute walk from Vdara. It's important to note that this isn't a party hotel per say. You can make your own little party but it isn't like some other Vegas hotels that are a constant rave. . . Overall:. It was clean and comfortable. . The fountain view is cool, but questionable about the price. . No smoking. . Short walk to the strip, but not on the strip. . Don't expect any discounts at the Aria buffet, I didn't expect any but I sure tried.
This is a modern style hotel w/no casino.  You are just steps away from the Cosmopolitan and Aria, so gambling is made easy.  I've been to vegas TONS of times, so being able to stay somewhere where I don't have to walk through a smoke-filledcasino was a great change.. . We had a suite--really big, full kitchen w/microwave, stove top, frige, sink, table w/4 chairs, fold-out sofa, two tvs in the room, and a huge bathroom.  The window goes along the whole side of the room, and we had a great view of the Bellagio water show.. . Anytime we needed something, the staff brought it up.  We had a cake that needed to be refrigerated (it didn't fit in our room frige), so the staff came up and got the cake & also delivered it to our room when I asked.  . . I would stay here again.
Wow! The reviews here are pretty spot on.  This is more like a 4.5 star review. This place is very nice if you are looking for a classy hotel without the Vegas feel (I mean that in a good way). You get to party in Vegas and then come to a hotel that is smoke-free and slot-machine free.. . I stayed here in December with the hubby and we were both pleased.  We booked a regular Deluxe Suite but were upgraded to a City View Suite.. SWEET!  . . We got the views of the mountains and it was perfect as we love nature. When we stepped out of our room we got to see the famous Bellagio Fountains from the lobby. I don't need to see the fountains from my room so this room was perfect. . . So why do I not give the perfect score? 1/2 star deducted because although they have dishwasher, dryer/washer they do not include detergent or the likes.  We called housekeeping and then personally went to the lobby to get plates, soap etc. Another 1/2 star deducted because the "free" upgrade came with an additional $15/per night surcharge in addition to the resort fee. I don't mind paying it if I know in advance I will be charged.. . Tip: Try to avoid the cafe in the lobby as it is WAY OVERPRICED!! I live in NYC and I still found the prices for their food ree-deek-u-lus! Shop at Walgreens on the Strip and save yourself a few bucks. Use that $$ to gamble.
Stayed here for my Bday. It is my kind of spot!. . Pros:. -non smoking. -gym/spa was newer and well kept. -our room was a full on suite with a lovely large bath tub. -complementary water. -centrally located. -digging the decor! :). -proper concierge is a plus!. -free Wi-Fi. . Cons:. -have to walk through Cosmopolitan to get to Vdara most of the time (not really a Con per se ... but after having a bit too much of adult bevies, and swear you are done for the evenin' or mornin' and Cosmopolitan does have lounges with lovely drinks ... let's face it ... I had a bit of a challenging time getting back to our suite! *hahaha*). -Resort Fee was not included! *boo*. . Verdict:. Will stay again, and will recommend to fellow non smoker and non gambler, especially! :)
Beautiful hotel!  It was odd to find a kitchenette with a microwave, sink, refrigerator and cooktop but it has come in handy.  It is VERY confusing when you drive in if you are looking for self parking.    After 3 times around, I finally gave up and valet parked my car.
I love how my husband would "rate this a 6 if he could" and I am rating this a 4. That's the beauty of Yelp, every one has a different point of view. . . We originally booked 2 nights in April. My brother and his family came too, and the staff was kind enough to place our rooms near each other. Because of this, our suite was upgraded to a corner view to allow us to stay by my brother. The room was stunning. 1.5 bathrooms, deep soaking tub in the full bathroom, a full kitchen with stainless appliances, and expansive living room. The views from the bedroom and living room were incredible. Windows all over. At night when it was time to get the kids settled in for bed, and sleeping on the sofa bed, we realized there were no sheets on the bed and none in the closets. The same was true for my brother's room. The hotel makes you call down and request sheets. Really? We waited 20 minutes for them to bring the bedding up. Really annoying. The same was true for the kitchen, you had to call down for plates, cutlery, etc. I think for this caliber of a hotel, it should be stocked and ready to go. Especially for what we paid for a Fri and Sat night. . . The hotel itself is gorgeous. I loved the pool and the cafe in the lobby. We ended up staying a 3rd night when we saw the rate for a Sunday night for our room, approx. $120. It was odd, we had to settle our bill on Sunday (original checkout) even though we extended our stay by a night and notified the hotel. With the original booking, we had a $75 room credit. When we settled our bill, nothing on the itemized room charges reflected the credit, even though the front desk told us it had been applied. It was only after I went to the front desk, still confused about it, the girl told me they don't show the credit on the final itemized bill and kept it separate. Apparently, it is not normal procedure to give you that part of the bill. I don't know, it would have been helpful for me to see everything we charged to the room, I including the credit. Very confusing. . . All in all, I loved staying in the hotel despite the annoyances at having to request bedding and kitchenware. It was great for a family friendly stay.
Popped out to the desert last weekend for a quick 30-hour turnaround visit with some friends. Nice way to hit Vegas hard and leave before it hits you back.... . This was my first visit to Vdara, and I left largely impressed. Very nice, new hotel in a convenient location that enables you to walk to a lot of places. That's good because when you stay here, you will need to walk to a lot of places. . . On the plus side: . . No casino - means you skip long walks from the reception to the elevator towers.. . Great rooms - had a regular suite, which rocked...two tvs, mini-kitchen, sitting area, bedroom, big bathroom. My suite had a great view of the Bellagio fountain, which I would recommend requesting versus the view of the pool.. . On the minus side:. . Very limited food choices on-site. Expect to go off-campus for anything more than snacks or a simple lunch. We did eat one meal at the pool-side cafe, which was good, but it's tough to mess up a breakfast burrito. Good news is you can walk next door to either Cosmopolitan, Bellagio or Aria and be surrounded with great restaurants. Very easy to get to these other locales. . . Small pool. For a hotel of this size, the pool is small. We were still able to find seats at the pool at 10am on a Saturday, which as most of you know is next to impossible at the party hotels. That being said, the reason we were able to find seats is this is NOT a party pool. Good crowd, not too old, not too many kids, but not a party pool.  But the pool is functional and you can get some good sun and chill. . . The "death ray." This is not fantasy. There really is a death ray at the pool. Seriously, for about a 30-minute period sometime between 1pm and 2pm when the sun reflects just right off the glass walls of the hotel, it's like a laser burning you. We saw heat waves off the umbrellas and heard them literally sizzling. However, it only lasts a short while and the pool has rules about the sun umbrellas needing to be up until after 2pm. So don't worry about it and stay under the umbrellas, unless you want to be the next rotisserie chicken.... . All in all, I think Vdara is perhaps one of the best values on the strip for location, newness, and the rooms. Fantastic rooms. Just plan your pool parties and meals accordingly and you'll have a great time.
Pros:. . Clean, modern, great views.. Non smoking so it smells clean.. Check in and out were fast.. Super close to Aria and mid-strip, this is big.. . Cons:. . Feels like a regular hotel, not a "Vegas" experience that other hotels like MGM or Bellagio have with their grand sculptures etc.. Limited options for food, need to walk to Aria (which is not far though!). Hard to find if you are driving, a bigger sign would be a plus.. I know it's pretty standard now but I'm still getting used to that resort fee.. . Asking for bedding for the pull out couch and for dishware ahead of time is good advice that someone else noted.
For a hotel in Vegas that doesn't have a casino it's in the right spot, you can go down to the lobby and walk a few minutes to the left or right & be in the casino for the Cosmo or Aria.. . The rooms are pretty nice & come with a mini fridge, sink, microwave, & electric stove.. . The pool is ok if you're just here to relax and not so much, but next door at the Aria they have a large pool area & a party pool like the MGM.. . The Vdara is a nice low key hotel without all the wildness of Vegas, but if you do get the urge to party it's only a few steps away.
Came here for Memorial Day Weekend and had a great experience!. . Pros:. - Clean (no casino = no smoke) and smells nice when you walk in. - Service was excellent, easy check-in and check-out process. - Quiet but close enough to party scenes like Cosmo, PH, Aria, etc; didn't hear any of my neighbors or anything, felt like we were the only people on the entire16th floor even though we definitely saw plenty of other guests . - Spacious suite (the Vdara Suite has 1.5 bathrooms, his and her sinks in the main bathroom, 1 sink in the outside bathroom, a bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathtub, shower, microwave, laundry machines, mini fridge, full sized fridge, stove, coffee machine, ice maker, tons of mirrors, good lighting, soaps, dental kits, and much more). - Decent price for the size and location. - Room service is quick . - Elevators are fast. - Health and beauty center available, as well as a pool and lounge (although I didn't get a chance to use either). - Fast wifi is included. - Pretty decent view of the pool and buildings . . Cons:. - Slightly further away from the strip unless you know how to maneuver around Vegas and can cut through cosmo, aria, and bellagio. - Only valet parking available so if you wanna self-park, it's pretty much impossible and impractical . - They check for a key card heading up the elevators so don't forget to bring your card. . Would definitely stay here again!
We decided to try this place for Memorial Day weekend.  Check in was smooth, efficient.  A really nice clerk gave us a view room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The room is tastefully done, the panoramic view was made way cooler with the high-tech electric blinds.  The elevators were really quick, the pool area got to be a little crowded, but not uncomfortably so....really more of an intimate feel than crowded.  The $28/day resort fee is ridiculous (minus one star)....especially for no in-room coffee maker!  Oh, and no alarm clock either....weird.  All in all, it was a great weekend, and I would definitely consider high on the list of booking another visit.
Great location in that you can get in and out without waking 25 steps from the elevator. Never a wait for an elevator which is a pet peeve of mine at the mega hotels  in the area.  Excellent semi-hidden walkway to the Bellagio without going all the way to the Strip.  Low Key and sleek
There's a lot I like about this hotel.  Every room is a suite with at least a kitchenette--yay!  There's a deep tub to comfort my aching toes that have been in 3-4 inch heels all night--yay!  Our room was not only spacious and comfortable, we got an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains so we could enjoy the show from our hotel room--YAY!  I loved that it was a bit quieter and non-smoking as well.. . The are two considerable cons in my book.  One is that it's tucked away from the main street and even with the corridor that leads you up to the tram and/or into the Bellagio, it can add some considerable travel time wherever you're going.  I speak for my feet that incurred massive blisters after I ran down the strip in 4 inch heels to make our restaurant reservation in time--Alas, the MGM looked so close on the map.  The second big con is the lack of food in the hotel.  Skip the market cafe (I did get sick from a salad I bought there) and head over to the Cosmo, Bellagio, or Aria for grub.  . . Also, be aware that they are pretty strict about visiting guests and there is often a "bouncer" posted by the elevators checking room keys.
For a non-smoking non-gaming hotel in Vegas this would be a good choice. Not only it's in the newer part of the "happening" hotels on the strip. It's also kid friendly for people with families. Staff are nice though I couldn't say that for the pool area.....which I find lacking in size (the pool that is) Over all I highly recommend this hotel as well as the spa.(another  review for that)
Stayed at Vdara for 5 nights from 06/09 - 06/14 in the Vdara Suite. The room was very clean, modern and spacious and included everything we needed! It felt more like a condo then a hotel room since it has a full kitchen (minus oven), 1.5 bathrooms, dinning area, in room laundry and living room. Only negatives is a off strip location which has it pros and cons and sometimes waiting long for room cleaning. I would def come back and stay here!
My husband was interested in this hotel because it is NOT a casino and also non-smoking.  It's tucked away with an easy bridge to the Bellagio or steps from the Aria and Cosmopolitan.. . The suites are new and modern.  Deep soaking tub, great kitchenette. . . We did not really stay around the hotel much, but it was great for our needs.
I really enjoyed our stay at the Vdara. The City Center is such a good location on the strip to be at. For whatever reason I was hesitant about the parking situation - only valet parking option - but it turned out to be fine. The guys were quick about getting our cars and there was never a long line. The check in process took a while because understandably a lot of people were there mid-afternoon Friday. Luckily we were update to get a complimentary "upgrade" to a corner suite which wasn't that big of a deal to me (and knowing how much it costed it's a slight perk from what we had). The view was pretty and the room is spacious. I really like that there's a bathroom in the kitchen/living room as well as the master bath.. . Tip: check out people's Youtube videos to get an idea of what the rooms look like. It really helped us pick the right room here. Also, if you sign up for their email list and/or like their Facebook page, you'll get great deals. We were able to get a 20% discount and 2 free Aria buffets.
Stayed here 5 days. No casino , quiet, great staff, nice pool. . Very nice rooms. And close to everything.
Came here for CES and decided to stay at Vdara since it's casino-free/smoke-free. I was absolutely in love with simplistic decor of the hotel and the room itself.  Our room was spacious and had a view of the Bellagio fountain and the Paris Eiffel Tower.  There's a short walk to Bellagio which was pretty cool.  I would definitely stay here again.
This is a great, hidden, secret on the strip.  Clean, large, modern rooms with excellent bathrooms!  Great little cafe in the lobby and close proximity to everything on the Strip.  . . Nice, decent pool scene.  I really liked the cocktails. I would recommend staying here.  Compares well to what you get for your money at Aria.
Non-gaming, smoke free, modern hotel/spa that is literally a breath of fresh air. You just can't beat the location! Being close to Planet, Paris, MGM while INSIDE the City Center is fab! I like to walk, so that part might not be ideal for everyone. You'll need a person with a good sense of direction to navigate through CC. I think this place is ideal for a short getaway (spa day!) or for families who don't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of the casino.. The hotel ran out of the specific room I booked so we were upgraded to a corner suite. Nice! Panoramic views and sleek amenities made me feel at home.
First time at Vdara and will not be my last. Got a good price through a website and booked EDC weekend... yes EDC weekend is crazy packed and crazy busy. If you were there you'd know. Well got there early... as in 9am early. Still got me an early check in. They didn't promise me anything over the phone but told me the line wasn't too bad and the rooms were starting to open up. When I got there, the line was mad crazy with check ins and outs. They managed to get me a room early. The room was super clean, free of smell, and felt like a good vegas experience. Sure I wasn't in the room much but calling in for the late check out was no problem, got extra towels, soup, here and there stuff that made the hotel experience wonderful. oh yea... did I mention it was crazy packed during EDC, and their staff was still friendly and quick w the work.
This hotel is modern and elegant. As far as the actual hotel room goes, I couldn't have asked for a nicer room. We had the CITY CORNER SUITE and it certainly was SWEET!! This room literally was like an apartment. The suite came with a bedroom with a king size pillow-top mattress and a separate living room with a pullout mattress on the sofa. Also, it had a full functional kitchen (4 stove ranges), a dishwasher, sink, and a FULL size refrigerator! Oh, I almost forgot --it comes with a washer and drier in the room! So Legit. I haven't even mentioned how beautiful the view was from the living room, master bedroom, and bath. It was especially beautiful at night. The shades came with 2 options: "shade" and "blackout." Pretty self-explanatory, if you want to create a dark room choose blackout, if you want a shield from the bright sun-but not darkness pull down the shade and down comes this sheer shade. . . Okay, onto the bathroom--the bathroom encompasses two sinks, a bath, and a shower and toilet. It's a pretty huge bathroom. What i didn't like though was that there was no door to the actual toilet itself, since the bathroom was so big I think the space would be better utilized if someone was able to do make-up and drop a deuce at the same time without having their privacy violated, but again --no biggie b/c the room was GORGEOUS. . . FREE WI-FI! . . Also here, they seem pretty strict in monitoring who goes to the elevators. They sometimes ask to see your keys. Which I guess is a good thing for your own security, but it makes it a little harder if you have friends that want to come visit. . . I subtracted a star b/c they don't have their own parking lot (they share with ARIA) so you have to take a tram.B/C of this, it makes it a little difficult to get to (i.e. from the strip).
Everything would have been perfect if.... . 1)My requests were fulfilled but unfortunately they were not. I booked a Panoramic Suite requesting a view of thr fountains and a fully equipped kitchen.. but they actually put me on the other side with a view a side view of Cosmo.. and an empty kitchen.. . . 2)it said the panoramic suite came with 1 and a half bathroom but it actually only had 1 bathroom. Or at least the room I got only had 1 bathroom.. . Other then that the room was spacious pretty much a small 1bedroom apartment. I was disappointed that I didn't get my request but it's ok. Inquired about a complimentary upgrade. She gave it a shot but they were sold out the point is she tried which was cool. I  would definitely come back to the Vdara.
Nice quite hotel. Nice change from the others in vegas. No casino and no smoking. Very nice pool. Laid back atmosphere.
This is definitely the place for people to "get away." . . Vdara is a smoke-free, gamble-free hotel that is right in between the Cosmopolitan and Aria, with easy access to and from Bellagio. You are away from the madness but if you want to gamble and get to the craziness, it's literally a 5 minute walk to the three hotels and the strip! . . There is a walkway in the lobby connected to Bellagio's casino. You can also walk around to Aria and Cosmopolitan from the outside walkway which is also connected to Crystal's shopping center. From there you're right on the strip when you want to be.. . Free valet, pool/lounge and fitness center. Pool closes relatively early. We had stove and refrigerator as well. . . Customer service - 5 (All staff we encountered, super friendly and helpful). Accommodations - 4.5 (Helped us with everything we needed). Location & Accessibility - 4 (Walkable distance to surrounding hotels and the Strip). Size - 5 (We were on the 47th floor with a fairly big suite, great view of Bellagio fountain too). . A very chic and modern hotel. Overall, pretty good experience.
We arrived during the busy fourth of July weekend. The line was long but moved somewhat quickly. I was lucky enough to get Kyle who was awesome--he hooked us up with a nice room for my boyfriend's birthday.. . Here are the pros:. . wifi internet. cafe in the lobby area. no smoke smells. kitchen. noise free--we did not hear the neighbors. valet (was both a positive and negative--we would have liked to self-park instead of waiting for an attendant and tipping him each time we needed to use the car). . Here are the cons:. . no AC in elevator. a lot of my TV channels were missing--like Food network!. small refrigerator that did not seem to keep things very cool--more like luke warm/cool. resort fee of $28 even though we did not use any of the resort options--other than internet. the black out blinds had gaps in them so we were woken up early by the sunlight each morning. . We really enjoyed our time at this hotel. It was completely smoke-free and casino free.  Loved it!
Stayed here over Halloween weekend for a friend's birthday and it's definitely a nice, QUIET hotel. If you're looking for the party atmosphere, it's not here. Think spa, not twerkmode. Our panorama suite was beautiful; unfortunately they stuck us on the backside of the hotel so our view was of the highway instead of the strip. Boo. Suppose we should have voiced a preference.. . In any case, the suite was sleek and modern. There was a full kitchen, living room, and spacious bedroom that housed a super comfy bed, not like there's much time to sleep in it while you're out doing that Vegas thang anyway. We book the room for a few of us to stay in, so we ended up utilizing the pull out sofa bed. Uh.... super uncomfy, yo. Feels like springs are jabbing you in the back. Needless to say, I reclaimed a spot back in the real bed. My suggestion? Don't try to do the packing-more-people-into-a-suite thing here. Vdara is for luxuriating... so luxuriate. Book it for yourself to enjoy.. . The only setback I could find is that you have to walk about 10 minutes to get to The Strip. It's kind of a hassle, especially if you're in your heels. I like the idea of just stepping out of the lobby and landing right in the heart of Vegas like you can from most other hotels.
My stay at the Vdara was fantastic, it made the Las Vegas trip flow easily. The location is great, most of the places my group wanted to go were in walking distance.. . I loved the non-smoking part the most, in a city where people can smoke everywhere it was nice to unwind in a clean environment. There is no casino inside, so you don't have to worry about crazy mobs of angry people down on their luck sloshing through the lobby just a relaxing place to sleep. They have a lot of little amenities and features that set it apart from other places I've stayed. They have automated black out curtains, the magazines laid out on the coffee table the large tub I didn't use and the amazing 24 hour room service. After a long night of gambling (losing all my money) and drinking (too much) it was nice to be able to come into my room at 3 in the morning and order a breakfast burrito and an ice cold Fat Tire Amber Ale. Also I have to mention the cafe downstairs that had the best turkey sandwich I've ever had in my life; roasted meat with aioli on cranberry bread.. . The Aria casino next door is mind blowing too, all of the City Center is. They are under the MGM umbrella. The blackjack tables had 25 minimums, turns out that's not the best setting for a first time player, rookie mistake. But, I had fun and would do this again.
The Vdara is a relatively new hotel(Dec 2009) located directly across from the Aria. We had booked three suites for my buddy's bachelor party(two of them were connecting). I stayed in the smaller junior suite and I loved the layout(think L shape) with the kitchen at the entrance and the bedb/bath around to the left. One particular feature we appreciated was the double mounted flat panel televisions(one facing the bed and the other directly facing the couch). . . When we needed it housekeeping was johnny on the spot and friendly with large smiles even after noticing the numerous bottles of alcohol and shot glasses strewn around the two suites and inevitably the mess that would most likely result from our celebration.. . The one knock I would give Vdara is that it's relatively far away from a lot of the action on the strip. However if you're looking for some quiet R&R in Vegas I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Vdara.
I found this hotel by accident and it is a gem, but a tad bit difficult to find.  It is a world away from the strip and non-smoking and does not have a casino.  It also does not have a large restaurant selection, although it is Vegas.  . . I had a suite on the north side (stay on the north side, it is cooler in the summer).  Wonderful beds, comfy and cozy.  Great checkin, but I had to wait 16.32 minutes on hold for the bell desk to answer and they said my luggage would be up in 5 minutes, but was closer to 9 in real time.  . . Everything was a walk, and the pool had the added luxury of umbrellas and with the glare off the hotels, you needed it.  Good pool side service and soft towels.  . . My view was huge, I could see the fountains of bell ago to the mountains of red rock.. . My only complaint is that it takes a long time to walk anywhere, for me it was okay since I walk a great deal, but if you were injured or disabled, it may take even more time.  . . I would go back, the rooms were a good side, with a huge soaking tub.  A great seating area with comfy couch and chair and even a kitchen.  . . If you are looking for a suite, on the strip, but a world away, try this hotel.. . Ps. The flowers in the lobby are stupendous, very modern, and elegant in their simplicity.
I really enjoyed our corner city suite room 34048!!!! It was beautiful and I felt like I was being spoiled, one of the better hotel rooms I have been in. it had a view of Vegas, but not the strip, I could see the bellagio pools and also the Vdara pools.. . Pretty Open Bathroom, no door for toilet so make sure you're sharing the room with people you are comfortable with or not too many people! Clear windowed shower, small tub, everything is well stocked. Full liquor bar fridge with some snacks. =) Cute bright and clean kitchenette. Nice comfy bed, only down fall IS HOW SUCKY THE PULL OUT BED IS IN THIS ROOM.... THUMBS DOWN, but we put the couch cushions on top and slept on it that way lol. . . Overall, I like that they have 24 hr security people to check and make sure its guests that actually stay at this hotel. I feel more secure that way =). . Front desk was friendly and helpful, I also wanted to mention "Chinha" according to her name tag, she was so sweet andfriendly and helpful checking us in! She really added that professional touch, along with all the bell men that came up to bring us complimentary water and other things to our room. They were really awesome. . . NOTE: Remember to bring lots of cash to tip your hotel employees, I didnt get a chance to bring cash and couldn't find a B of A anywhere so I didnt get to tip as much as I wanted to. . . I WILL RETURN again, really enjoyed my stay there!
My second time here. . Very modern. almost to the point of "coldly" designed, but not quiet. They seriously lack of dinning options. . 1 cafe only? really?. I love the pure chic, no casino hotel feel. No smoking which is awesome. Fresh scent always. The spa is no Wynn but its really okay. The pool is small and nice. Drinks on the pool can take up to 20 minutes to arrive. . Its awesome now that they allow dogs.. Even though its a pet friendly hotel, you can't sit or lounge with your dog. You can only pass through the lobby. Dog park is tiny, but does the job well. . They could've added some amenities for dogs like doggy day care, doggy pool etc... . The doggie thing is my issue. 1 star off for that.
Very cozy room. Has an indoor pathway to Bellagio.
A few quick tips:. . 1 - When you take a cab from the airport to here, make sure they take the city streets.  If they take you on the freeway, odds are they're taking you for a ride.. . 2 - If you have a breakfast credit (or just want to eat breakfast/brunch at the cafe downstairs), don't order anything hot (i.e. anything with eggs/bacon/etc)  if you're in a rush.   The back kitchen forgot our orders more than once (though the workers were nice once we brought it to their attention).   Otherwise the selection is fairly decent - definitely better than your usual free "continental breakfast" of watery coffee, watery OJ, and stale warm-it-yourself pastries.. . 3 - The mattress on the sofa bed sucks.  It may be better to just sleep on the closed sofa.  You need to call down for sheets/pillows/bedding for it.. . 4 - WiFi.  I saw some other review mention it wasn't free for guests.  They're wrong.  They give you a code at check-in, and it's included in the (stupid) mandatory "resort fee".  . . Big plus IMO:  RFID/NFC (?) room keys, so you can just hold your wallet up to the lock/receiver.  No fumbling through your wallet for the key card.  No having to insert/remove the card a certain direction at juuuust the right speed to prevent the derpy yellow/red light of denial.  Just hold it up like you do at the office.
We stayed for two nights here for the first time during our most recent trip to Las Vegas. Here is a list of things I liked and disliked.. . Pros:. The kitchenette is nice. I don't eat that much and I usually have leftovers (a lot of leftovers) eating out at restaurants. I stored my leftovers in the fridge and was able to eat the leftovers the next day instead of wasting so much food like usual. Housekeeping will bring up any utensils, pots, plates, dish soap & sponge if you call them. I liked the deep bathtub. The bed was comfortable. Housekeeping also brought up slippers and gowns when we called for them.. The one-touch shade and curtain control was nice. . Complimentary valet parking, could be a good thing, (except if you needed something from your car, you had to have a valet get the car for you and then take it back to park it. A bit inconvenient).. Non-smoking, non-gambling hotel so it was relatively quieter and less crowded, which I think would be ideal for families with children or if you are like me and like to get away from the casino-scene for parts of your day. . We had a daybed at the pool, which was pretty nice. The service, although slow, was friendly. The food and drinks that we ordered from the pool cafe were delicious.. The little market/cafe on the first floor served some yummy breakfast options as well as single-items like yogurts, etc. Which I liked. . Vdara is just a short walk to either Aria and Bellagio which was perfect distance away from the casino-scene but yet close enough to not feel so disconnected from all the action. . . Cons:. We found a lollipop on the floor next to the couch when we first checked in, which just shows that the room was not thoroughly cleaned.  Also the Kleenex box was stuffed on top with what looked like a used, wadded ball of Kleenex with glittery blue eyeshadow on it. Gross. . When we checked in, the in-room safe was locked - probably the last person checking out left it locked. I don't know if this is housekeeping's responsibility but someone should have checked them and made sure the safe is left unlocked for the next person to use. We had to call security and security had to come in and unlock it, asked to see IDs like we were criminals trying to steal something in the safe that wasn't there.. The toilet in the bathroom does not have a separate door. It wasn't a biggie but if someone's in the bathroom taking a long bath (me), your partner or friend sharing the room with you can't go potty for a while. Also no TV in the bathroom (am I too spoiled?). The valet showed some attitude when my husband needed to get something out of the car for me at nighttime. Sorry, but if you don't want to get my car out at 11pm at night, don't offer 24 hour complimentary valet service. And this was with good tipping too. Also they drive the sh** out of your car. If you don't want them to abuse your car, don't valet. Our car also smelled like smoke when we got it back at the end of our trip.. . Overall, I don't know if we will choose to stay at Vdara again for any special reason but maybe if we wanted to stay in more we may, since the kitchenette is a nice option. And because we had a nice time at the pool. Pretty good in terms of amenities but there definitely some things here and there that weren't all that great.
Clean hotel.  No casino in here so it was really nice just to walk in and out of the hotel without smelling much smoke.  The pool was decent size but nice.  Plenty of seats.  I just love the building much more than the room itself although the bathroom was pretty large.  I still prefer Palazzo/Venetian over this though.
Awesome hotel with great views, comfy beds, super clean bathrooms, no casino- NONsmoking (hooray!) and it smells SO good in there!! The only thing that turned me off is the $25 a night resort fee. I mean, who goes to Vegas to use wifi and the gym?!?! And the rates are high enough that it should cover all of those things. Upon checking out, I found another random $3 a night fee tacked onto my bill for who knows what. I really wish they didn't do that! Other than that, it's great!
The room was gorgeous, the area super clean, the swimmingpool nice.. The only problem was that in rosee to have breakfast you should go to Aria's!
Just stayed here recently for the first time for a lil birthday stay-cation (Tuesday-Wednesday). I was fully aware that it is a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel.  I was looking for some relaxing time instead of going bananas on the casino floor somewhere. It definitely afforded me that!  . . I am a local REALTOR in Las Vegas and have stayed at many of the hotels so I can help friends/clients decide on places to stay when they come to town.  Like many of the other reviews, the internet is terrible and the tech is a lil behind for this all-suite hotel that targets the executive clientele. Like any hotel of this nature, everything is going to be over-priced! It's Vegas, so come prepared for your stay! I always pack a small cooler with drinks and snacks; it helps.. . Lastly, I was pleased to have the assistance of Tabatha when I checked in. She allowed me to check in to my City View Corner Suite early without hesitation.  I wanted a top floor room as the views are way better of course, but all I could get was the 14th. It was still really nice with the 270 degree views.. . Other reviewers say this place LACKS amenities, I say just walk to Cosmo or Aria and there is everything you need in those two places.  Don't be a Howard Hughs and stay in your room the whole time!
On my most recent stay at Vdara, I did not have any issues with the hotel or their staff. Check in went by quickly and our room was neatly presented upon arrival. My favorite part of this hotel is the fact that the lobby wasn't filled with the smell of cigarettes. The hotel was very close to Bellagio, which is practically connected to majority of the major casinos.  a
Excluding the racist elevator guardian/security guard, this place is amazing!!! I loved everything about this place, Amanda and Kendal deserve appraisal for their outstanding customer service and hospitality. My partner and and I usually stay at the Westin as we are Gold members with SPG, but after trying out the Vdara one night, we are now Mlife members and hope to reach similar status. Awesome work!
I usually stay next door at the Aria. I tried Vdara vecause of a room rate deal. As far as the hotel goes, it is just fine. With no casino, it was a nice quiet refuge from the strip. BUT, LIKE EVERY STORY IN VEGAS, WITH THE GOOD, COMES THE BAD ..... . Vdara is valet parking only. I can only presume that they have some crazy figure 8 Hot Wheels set up in the parking structure that precludes recreational drivers from parking their own cars.  . . Okay, so we roll with the valet. However, when my clean ride comes back, there's a new door ding. Ba-bam! I'm not a sniveler by any means, but they made me use the car jockey. It wasn't my choice. So, I make a claim. And, I have have to say I didn't have any expectations that Vdara (or big brother Aria) would accept responsibility for the damage.. . And, what do you know, I - was - right.  Here's my exchange with Aria Risk Management representative "Al." . . Al  "I checked the video and see your car already had the damage." . Me "Really?"  . Al  "Yup."  . Me  "The ding is about 3/8 of an inch. How could you even see that?"  . Al  "We have a hi-tech high resolution video system."  . Me  "I'm cool with that, just email me a copy of the photo image from your system."  Al  "Oh, I can't do that. It's pr-o-p-r-i-e-t-a-r-y .... They would fire me on the spot."  . Me  "Dooh ... So, you can't send me a photo of my own car?"  . Al  "No, you'll just have take my word on this."     . Me (Words not for publication)            . . My suggestion - If you wanna stay at the Vdara, park in the Aria garage and walk to Vdara. That way, if your car gets door dinged, you'll be upset, but there's no clear suspect to be pissed at.. . EPILOGUE - Well I'll be damned!  After I sent a letter, Aria/Vdara took a second look at my situation took care of my issue.  I won't disclose the details, but I'm presently in a renewed semi-happy place about Vdara.  With that, I'm adding back a couple of stars to the rating.  . . I've actually returned to Vdara many times all with positive experiences.  I really like this place. I continue to self-park at Aria and walk through to Vdara.
I love the fact that this was a non-gaming and non-smoking hotel. Great for a family with kids. And if you happen to be the gambling type, The Bellagio is only a few steps away via a walkway. I also loved the fact that there is a tram that easily connects you to Monte Carlo, City Center/Aria, and the Bellagio. The kitchenette is also great if you want to save money and make your own food. Its not a stocked kitchen, but you can easily call housekeeping to supply you with pots/pans/place settings. We were given a room upgrade and had the view of the Bellagio fountain. . . The deal breaker for me, however (and the reason I only gave 4 stars), was the sofa bed. The mattress is not even usable. No cushion and all you feel are the springs. And its not like you have the option to request for 2 beds. All rooms come with only 1 king-sized bed and a sofa bed. So if there are 4 or more of you sleeping in 1 room, I hope you'll all fit in the 1 bed because that's how you'll end up sleeping. Even the couch cushion placed on the floor was more comfortable than that sofa bed. I couldn't even recommend this to my family because we travel in large groups. So we would need that extra bed. However, if its only 2 people travelling, its perfect.
Staying at VDARA this weekend made our Vegas experience 100xs better!! Everything about our two bedroom penthouse suite was amazing!! Plus, the fact that the resort is 100% non-smoking was an added bonus! Will definitely stay in the VDARA family resorts moving forward!
Classy, quiet hotel just off the strip. Room was nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. Would definitely come back!
We stayed at the Vdara 10/1/2013 in the 2 Bedroom Hospitality suite.  It was the most luxurious room I've ever stayed in.  The service and staff at Vdara was exceptional.  I also had a blowout and mani/pedi at the salon and it was AMAZING!. . The only cons about our stay was the mattress in the pull out sofa is the worst thing on the planet.  You'd almost be better off sleeping on the floor.  It really is that bad.  BUT if you drink enough and pass out you might be able to tolerate it.. . Also, being from Seattle, we really wanted a Starbucks in the hotel.  They are currently in the process of building one inside though.. . If you are wanting a luxury room that is quiet and don't mind walking to the Aria or Cosmo for restaurants and entertainment that this is the place to stay.
This hotel was great, the decor was very modern and contemporary. We were upgraded to a corner suite which was very spacious and clean. The view was gorgeous. This hotel is not on the 'strip' but connected to the bellagio hotel and across the street from the aria hotel so you can get to the strip easily. If you want to be directly on the strip then this might not be for you, if you also want a hotel with a casino then this isn't for you either..but overall it was a great experience...I would definitely stay there again..
The room is very sleek and modern, and very nice. Love the big tub that's separate from the shower. My room also has a really great view of the Bellagio. Service staff (bartenders, concierge, room cleaners) have all been very nice and helpful.
Good service! Kindof a boring hotel as far as design goes, just a place to sleep but the blackout curtains are terrible!
Vdara is hidden in the City Center with Aria. It is nice to have a newer hotel that does not have a casino built in on the strip. Decently priced per night and great for family travel since they have a small kitchen setup in all the rooms if I am not mistaken.
Lovelovelove it here! Decently convenient location on the strip and feel of a smaller, private hotel.. . PARKING: . It's valet only, so if you're not comfortable with people touching your car, this hotel is not for you. Traveling southbound on Las Vegas Blvd, turn right after you see Cosmopolitan. You'll continue straight past the Cosmo taxi line UP the ramp to Aria/Vdara. Keep in the middle lane because you'll basically circle past Aria onto Vdara. TRICKY!. . SERVICE:. I've never checked in here, but I noticed the lines aren't excruciatingly long like they are at MGM or Mandalay. Limit 4 cards per room, but the names on the room can always get additional cards later. They are, however, RIDICULOUSLY SLOW with delivering housekeeping related items to the room. My party had to wait over an hour for towels after calling 3 times (my friend was stuck in the shower without a clean towel!). If you're going to cram, I'd suggest bringing your OWN towels. . . ROOM:. I love the layout of the room, and the bathroom is a MAJOR plus. There is a shower head attached to the stand alone tub. Genius! There are two TVs in the room and a small kitchen area. Great for storing those munchies! Apparently only premium rooms get Keurig machines..bummer! The middle class folks deserved coffee too! . . Escape the smokey casinos and stay at Vdara. You won't regret it!
Chose a non-gaming facility (on purpose since husband works for a casino) that was still conveniently close to all the new stuff.  I'm the type who is open to all experiences (last year I had an itch to stay downtown, Golden Gate) and this was a wonderful experience, I'm pleased to announce. We drove and so we did valet (didn't bother us since we only intended to drive in when we arrived and leave when we checked out). Service was quick and efficient. . Check in was also quick and efficient (around 6 P.M. on a Wed). We did request an upper level room and then we "$20 sandwiched it" for one with a view of the strip. Wow, that was worth it. Whole wall of windows that was fantastic. Room was clean and well appointed. . We ordered room service for breakfast (pricey, it is room service in Vegas after all) and were impressed with the way they came in and set it all up for us. Even poured ice water and laid out cute little condiments for us. . Took a while for them to pick it up but when they finally did, they even left extra bottles of water for us. . Overall, a very pleasant stay. . P.S. Found it a little creepy/weird that housekeeping "artfully" rearranged our toiletries. Didn't just put them aside neatly, but rather created art with them.
First thing I noticed walking in was the wonderful light, floral fragrance which is such a great contrast to the smokey environment in so many of the other hotels.  This non-gaming facility is perfect for a family vacation or if you're just looking for a more relaxed escape (yes, Vegas isn't all about casinos and partying).. . Fantastic location right in the middle of the strip with direct access into Bellagio. 24/7 security checking key cards by the elevators to ensure only guests are going up.  The suite we were in had large windows with a beautiful view, convenient electric blinds, free water bottles, spacious bathroom with a separate shower and bathtub, good wifi connection, and a very comfy bed.. . A couple minor negatives would be the water pressure - I love having strong hot showers!  And the other being the resort fee of $30/day that you may not be aware of when you book this hotel online.  If we had included that cost in the total cost of the hotel per night, we may not have chosen this hotel when comparing on the travel sites.
I have been to many different very nice Las Vegas Hotel.  This one is different.  For one, the room is big.  We reserved the Vdara suite and this room has a kitchen (with a big subzero fridge and everything that you can think of in the kitchen), living room, dining room, and even a room with washing machine and dryer in it.  The hotel is not big, it does not offer buffet or casino in it, but you can take a 5 minutes walk to Aria Hotel (its affiliate hotel) next door.  Over there there is a pretty nice buffet and other different restaurants and also casino where you can gamble at.. . Especially recommended for family with children to stay in this hotel. . . Another good thing about this hotel is you don't have to wait long for picking up valet parking like most other hotels in Vegas. Your car come almost immediately after you present your ticket, which saves you a lot of time.
Awesome! Simply awesome! As far as convenience is concerned, it's located right on the strip. As far as the suite, it was very luxurious with amazing views of the Las Vegas strip.  Got a great package that came with a $75. gift card and the customer service was very good.  Would definitely recommend.
When you're beyond a certain age - let's say 30 (sobs) - a place like Vdara can make a Vegas trip a bit more bearable. . . As a younger lad, I always wanted noisy, loud hotels to accompany my noisy, loud Vegas one-night trips. Now that I'm older and need more time to recover, I appreciate a place like Vdara. It's close to the strip and other louder hotels like the Cosmo, yet because there's no casino and only one bar, it feels quaint and almost charming. Stumbling home after a night out hurts way less when you walk into a quiet, nicely kept hotel with clean and spacious rooms.. . Great staff, too.
Vdara is a nice choice if you're looking to stay at a non-gaming hotel. The entire property is non-smoking and you get a slight floral scent as you enter the hotel.. . I stayed here on two separate occasions in the same week. I packed once for both trips and just left my luggage with the bell desk in between my stays. I flew back a day later and retrieved my luggage without any issue.. . The rooms come with, at minimum, a mini-fridge. Couches are pull-outs. The rooms are pretty spacious.. . If you plan on clubbing, it's a short walk to Marquee. This property neighbors Aria and the Cosmo so you're not too far from some entertainment.
Excellent room service! 4.5/5!. . This is my 3rd time staying at this hotel and I still love staying here!. Absolutely love the interior design; very modernize, sleek, and simple. I personally don't like interior design to be TOO colorful, and too much things going on at the same time. . . The room is very new and Vdara had maintained the room very nice and clean. . It's a non-smoking hotel, so for those anti-cigs ppl, this should be your first choice if you're planning to visit vegas. . . This time I've also tried the room service( since i went during the thanksgiving weekend, everywhere is SO PACKED.... :\). We ordered 2 entree and 2 appetizers; it took them 30 minutes to deliver it to my room, not too bad huh?. The food was delicious! we had chicken quasadilla, french onion soup, chicken sandwich with fries, and shrimp and pork penne. the presentation and the flavor were flawless. and total only cost us around 70ish dollars. I guess its not TOO expensive for room service?. . One more thing, me and my girl got too drunk on the last night at vegas :p, and we wanted to request a late check out. So they gave us one extra hour (till 12pm), without any extra charge :D I guess Vdara does try their best to make you have a wonderful experience while you stay with them. . . The ONLY cons i dont like about this hotel is that it doesnt have a casino at the first floor. So if you want to gamble you would need to go to either Aria, which located right next to Vdara; or you will need to go on the strip.
I booked a deluxe suite in vdara for this past weekend for two nights and I realllllllly like this hotel. . . I was a little worried at first because it is a little off the strip behind cosmo but honestly, its not an issue at all. You can walk through cosmo super easily and get to the strip and everything else. And if you can't you were probably going to cab it anyways.. . I love modern and clean and windows and open space. And this weekend when I came they already had up their christmas decor which I also loved! It made me feel so happy!!!!! :D . . The suite opened up and theres the kitchen area with the microwave, sink, refrigerator and stove. (Lets be real we weren't actually gonna cook ) but the fridge is good for storing alchyyy ;). . I liked this room bc we had a few girls in there and they had plenty of mirrors both full length and normal. The bathroom was nice. a separate tub and shower with a sliding door. to separate it from the bedroom. The couch turns into a sofa bed as well so you could fit 5 girls in there somewhat comfortably. Our room was a freaking mess though hahaha. . . Will be back in two weeks! woot!
We literally just needed a hotel to stay at for one night before we headed to the Grand Canyon earlier this year. I found a deal that got us a room at the Vdara for a decent price and decided to just book it. When we arrived the lobby, was GORGEOUS! And smelled amazing! Quiet and intimate, no hustle and bustle of a loud casino (don't get me wrong i LOVE that sound, but it was refreshing to be in a different setting). The front desk staff was attentive and friendly, and the check in process was efficient and simple.. . The room was beautiful. We were in a Deluxe suite which was PLENTY of room for the three of us. There was a king sized bed with a pull out queen sofa. We had expansive windows with a great view of the bellagio fountains. As soon as we got there, a show was starting so of course we all whipped out our cameras and got a great view. The weird thing was, we also had a view of another rooms bedroom and since both our blinds were open at that time, we were able to watch some guy getting ready for bed and texting while in bed. super awkward? yeah. . . The room had a mini kitchenette - we didn't use it, but there was a sink, microwave, and fridge and it had a bit of counterspace which would have been nice had we stayed longer. The bathroom had a shower and a tub, which was nice. . . The nice thing about this hotel is that since there's no casino within the actual hotel, it's priced a bit lower than other hotels in the area. It's "off the strip" in that it doesn't spit you out onto las vegas blvd from it's front door, but it's right behind the cosmopolitan which is on the strip. There's a walkway that will get you to the Bellagio, which is amazing for my future trips since that was my favorite gambling spot (and I may not always want to spend the extra cash to stay there). And, you can easily walk to the Aria. . . Along with the rest of the hotels on the strip (or the ones I've looked at), valet parking is complimentary if you're staying there. We had rented a van for our journey to Grand Canyon when we got into Vegas that night, so that was a nice convenience. . .  Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would have been happy staying there the rest of our trip (though the Bellagio was obviously magnificent!) We're planning our next trip already for a few months from now, and the Vdara is definitely one of the top two places we are thinking of staying!
The hotel is beautiful. The suites are very modern, functional and comfortable. The staff has for the most has been helpful, the woman at the front desk named Jessie especially. I am definitely considering staying here in the future.
Since it was originally supposed to be for apartments/condos, the rooms are really nice here. I would rank it as one of the best rooms I've ever stayed in. It is like the trump though, in that it is mainly just for the room. It doesn't have a casino downstairs and food is limited at the actual hotel, so you would need to venture off for more options.
This is a really beautiful hotel with kind and attentive staff. We've stayed here twice so far. The first time, upon check in, we were immediately upgraded (without asking) to a corner suite. This room was gorgeous! Full kitchen, separate bath, bedroom, and living and dining rooms. Last time we checked in, we were given the same room as someone else. Summer fixed the mistake fast and gave us a room on the 43rd floor looking over the Bellagio fountains! While not as big as the first time we were here, it was gorgeous and comfortable and we were able to totally relax!. I love that it's smoke free. It always seems quiet and in my opinion, it's in a great spot. It never hurts to get a little exercise.. Also, in the afternoon, there is an absolutely wonderful, kind woman working in the Market Cafe with a beautiful smile and has always been so friendly and helpful!. We can't wait for our next visit!
Pros:.    Friendly Service.    Family and Pet Friendly (No Casino/Smoking).    Cozy Hotel, Easy to Navigate.    Starbucks, Bar/Lounge, Small Convenience Store and Cafe downstairs.    Nice Decor and Views!. Cons:.    One big issue I had is their window blackout blinds, don't completely black out the room, so in the mornings when the suns a shining you'll probably get some in your eye.. NOT cool if your hungover from last night
Vdara is definitely worth the bang for your buck!!. . It's a lot cheaper staying here than Cosmo and Aria and I feel like the ambiance and rooms are just as good. You can definitely get rates here as low as $100 a night even on a weekend night. We stayed here on a Saturday night and the rate was only $109 a night!! Worth it!!!. . Upon arrival, one of the things I've noticed is that they don't have a self parking structure like most Vegas hotels and valet only. Since we were only staying one night, I didn't mind the valet. The people here are very courteous and nice and check in was a breeze. The decor of the hotel is nice and modern. I really like the interior of the hotel. Nice and simple. . . The rooms here are one of the nicest I've seen! The kitchenette has a stove top and separate sink and also had a little dining area!!! It was super convenient to have especially since we togo a whole pizza from Cosmo and got to enjoy it in the dining area!! It also has a separate living area with a pull out couch which I really liked! . . The only downside to this hotel is that it's a lot smaller than most major Vegas hotels and it doesn't have a casino. I need my gambling if I'm staying in LV so I need my slots and craps tables. Also, it doesn't have much dining options as well. The hotel is SUPER small so if you're staying here more than one night, get ready to trek across the street to Aria or Cosmo to get your dining or gambling fix bc you're not going to get it here.. . Other than that, if I need to stay at a hotel for a short time, I won't mind staying here again!
Just got back from a 3-day stay at Vdara. Booked a city-corner suite and got one (upgrade trick did not work), and the first night we were given "the only available" suite at 6th floor, facing the pool. I would say if it's in the summer, the view must be good, but for winter..... Anyway, the front desk girl was willing to help out so she checked with the manager and offered some credit and put me on the list to move to higher floor city-corner. I had to move on the 2nd day to a much higher floor and man, day and night difference. From the other side of the building, we had the Bellaggio fountain view and could see the mountains etc. No "strip view" per se, since everything else is pretty much blocked by the Cosmopolitan. Anyway, suite was spacious with 2-sink bathroom, had kitchen range, microwave, fridge and even washer and dryer.. . Enough for the room, as for the location, it's not really ideal. The hotel is barely a hotel, nothing more, so if you are for the entertainment, you need to go out to other hotel/casino. It's connected to Bellagio via a sky bridge, and you will need to walk for a good 15-20 min to reach the connection to Balllys and Caesars. And if you want to walk along Las Vegas Blvd, then you have to walk another block towards Hamon Ave. So it's a lot of vein walking. The hotel itself has only a full size restaurant Silk Road, a market cafe, a starbucks and one tiny lounge bar, that's it, no theater, no casino, no night clubs. You will be surprised by its small size (due to the narrow lot it was built on) if you have stayed at other venues before. My 2 cents, if you want a good and quiet rest in suites, stay at Vdara; otherwise choose others.
I had a great stay. The room was clean, high tech, the bed was comfortable, and there was a kitchenette which always comes in handy. Also, I couldn't hear my neighbors. At all! Oh and there's a doorbell to the room. How fancy! . . The only thing was that darn sofa bed. That thing belongs in the dumpster, not a luxury hotel. The hotel might as well not have a sofa bed in the room. No way someone could have a comfortable nights sleep on that. The plan was for my daughter and I to sleep on the room bed and my sister on the sofa bed. The sofa bed was so uncomfortable, we all slept on the main bed.  . . Just a note: There weren't any extra sheets for the sofa bed. Also, I had to call housekeeping to get extra towels. The room was only stocked with two bath towels and two floor towels. (No hand/face towels). Not a huge deal, but just fyi.
