i like this place. It's informal, inexpensive and it's kind of fun.  You have to applaud how efficiently it's run and where else can you eat a pasty? Some are great and some aren't but it's a good place to stop for lunch.  $10 and you're golden.
There is something to be said about wrapping everything one loves into one little pillow of goodness. I just don't like feeling like I'm in an elevator when I'm not at the bar. Food is very high quality and everything I've ever had is delicious.
The pastys (pasties) are decent, at least the ones I have tried.. . The Walnut Mushroom Soup is about as tasty a veggie-based soup that you will find in this town.. . Heavenly.. . It's so rich that I get it in the "cup" size, since I think the bowl size would be sensory overload.. . Go there just to try the soup - seriously - it's that good.
There are quite a few good-looking varieties of the pasty on the menu - makes for a difficult choice. When you do make a choice, you'll end up with a flavorful pastry filled with tasty ingredients.
I'm pretty much as carnivorous as a T-Rex but my girlfriend is a Vegetarian...a combination which sometimes makes it hard for us to find a restaurant that has something for us both.  We also like to try places that are 'different' as well.  That's why when we randomly wandered in to Cornish Pastry Company we were definitely happy and surprised.  First off, the place has an hole-in-the-wall feel to it, definitely a cool Blue Collar working Pub atmosphere that seemed unique and not kitschy.  The menu has so many delicious options too...plenty of meat filled pockets for me and Veggie options for her and each meal is definitely filling.  I had never had a Cornish Pastry before and the little bit of British history on the menu added to the experience.  The Pastries are pretty much like giant Hot Pockets...but giant hot pockets like your grandma would make if she made giant hot pockets..IE: delicious, filling, natural, and did I say delicious? stuffed with all kinds of meat, veggies, mashed potatoes, spices, etc.  Definitely try it!
Great little place. There is not much seating AT ALL but it somehow adds to the charm of a little British hole in the wall place. Great beers as well!. . I thought my fav was the Spicy Asiago Chicken but last time I got the Carne Adovada and it knocked my socks right off. . . The pasties are pretty big too, and for $9 to have a half leftover for tomorrow (even tasty reheated, I can attest!), that is a-ok with me! . . Not a lot to say other than I really like this place and am always down for a patsy. Er, pastie. Er, PASTY!
Was brought here by a group of coworkers, that promised good things.. . Good things is what I got! . . Never had I heard of a Pasty.. and now I'm very glad we've been introduced. They are delicious! And the variety that Cornish Pasty Company provides is incredible.. . I enjoyed the Rosemary Chicken (I had ordered the Salmon, however it was unavailable, sad... next time), and everything else my coworkers ordered looked and smelled delicious as well. The salads were huge, which is a plus.
3.5 stars. I love the food here, and being British I know a genuine pasty when I see one. These are the genuine article. And the place isn't pretentious at all, which is cool.. . However, if you're sensitive to salt for your blood pressure like I am then you might want to think twice before ordering.  I'm not sure if it's in the fillings, the gravy, or the pastry itself but the salt content in a pasty from here can be really high.  That doesn't stop me from coming back, but still...
Finally got to try this place after hearing alot of amazing things about it! And it didn`t disappoint!! There are so many pasties to choose from,I`m gonna have to keep coming back! And they do feature other British pub food, bangers and mash, shepard`s pie, etc. Noticed their burger is called Royale w/ cheese( Pulp Fiction anyone?). But back to the pasties!. .         After much deliberation and asking for recommendations, I chose the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty. (I mentioned I have a love of Indian food). And it was delicious!! Flavorful, served w/ a side of yogurt dressing, I was very satisfied!  These are pretty generous in size too and they also feature vegetarian pasties as well but I`m a meat girl! . Great atmosphere and great people! Looking forward to my next stop here!
This whole restaurant is about 10ft wide and 20ft long, and it is always packed. Now that I know better, I try to grab a seat at the bar for a little more elbow room; there are a few larger booths in the back too. . . My boyfriend took me here on our first "real" date, and I'll have to admit that I was pretty impressed in spite of myself. I ordered the Pesto Chicken (decent) and he got the Lovely Bit a Salmon (much better). In subsequent visits I would discover the Royale with Cheese which is my favorite pasty so far. Also, the Mexican and the Carne Adovada are fantastic menu options. . . Outside of the pasty realm, almost everything else on the menu is worth trying. The Greek Salad has to be my favorite of the salad choices; the dressing really makes this dish. Comprised of homemade caramel sauce, bananas, thick graham cracker crust, and whipped cream--the Banoffee Pie is to die for. . . And now for drinks...they offer a pretty good beer selection. And Car Bombs are always $3.00 (yes, please!). The happy hour is alright, but Wednesday Wino Day is the best drink special ($3). . . We can't wait to try the PB&J pasty for dessert next time we go back!
Oh god. It's like GOD'S VERY OWN HOT POCKET. Fresh, delicious, and cooked perfectly, though I have trouble bringing myself to get anything but The Pilgrim (served with turkey, cubed sweet potatoes, onions, and deliciousness). Cornish Pasty is great, though you'll likely want to consider takeout: it's TINY and finding a table can be a real pain.. . The staff is fun and helpful, even though they're quite harried, and the oven-roasted potatoes are fantastic, as are nearly all of the pasty options, all priced damn well, to boot. If you've never been, they'll almost certainly have something you like. My only problem is that nothing is customizable: they're all served as is, which I understand from a production standpoint, but which frustrates for the number of menu items with just one dealbreaking ingredient for me.. . Overall, it's exceedingly easy to be a regular, and to feel VERY full, careful not to eat the crimped part of the pasty, just like the tin miners of yore so as to avoid the traces of arsenic from their dirty hands.
White ale is awesome,, chicken tikka pasty is nice :)
On a two day business trip in Phoenix, the first meal I had was a Pasty here, The Oggie to be exact, and i just kept coming back.  For two days straight, all I ate were pasties. And though I felt as if I were in love at the beginning, the relationship seemed to spiral downhill in the end. . . -Oggie, the original pasty, with meat, potatoes, and gravy... was excellent, and set the stage for my obsession. . -Italian was pretty decent as well, something like a more homemade type of pizza hot-pocket: with pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, and stewed tomatoes, then served with a side of marinara sauce. . -Lovely Bit Salmon was excellent!  Salmon, potatoes, asparagus... delicious!. -Lamb Vindaloo, Lamb in red curry and potatoes... was decent, though I probably wouldn't get it again.  . -Peppered Steak = GROSS, disgusting, worst thing I've ever received in any food making establishment.  I actually think mine was bad or rotten, and would've complained, but I'd taken it to go and so I was stuck with it.  I took one bite, gagged, spit it out, and threw it away.. . If it weren't for the rotten peppered steak I received, I was going to give a 5-star review, but after it I think I'm being very forgiving with giving 4-stars.  Everything else was pretty excellent, so I'll try to forgive the one absolutely disgusting pasty.
The Oggie brought back memories of being a kid in england.. delicious! Overall decent prices for the amount of food (they might look small, but they're not), good food, and good service. Thanks to yelp for leading me here! Lose a star because they're sadly out of the Pavlova 3/4 of the time.
Really good food.  I started with the potato, leek, and stilton cheese soup which was pretty good.  The bread that they served it with, however, was fantastic!  It turns out that they bake it there fresh every day, and it was wonderful - dense, chewy, and flavorful.  It was great on its own, but was also good to mop up the soup with!  I had the oggie for my main meal, and it was very good.  The red wine gravy was a nice addition.
$3 car bombs and food is good 4 out of 5 times
For the first time, I had brunch today at Cornish Pasty Company, Tempe, AZ. I ordered Lamb Vindaloo. The pasty was very very good!. . From outside the parking lot, you have to read carefully because the name sign is quite small (its on the door only). The exit doors are on the both side (front & back door).. . Once you open the door, you will be indulge by the aroma of the pasty (humm...yumm...).. . The room consider dark and packed but cozy. There was alot of different type of beers that you can find in here rather than other common brunch bar.. . I would like to come back again!
cool spot, interesting tables and pews.  Never even knew what a pasty was before I went here.  It was good.  good beer.  I liked it.  Its a good place to take someone from out of town for lunch.
Shepherd's Pie was amazing! This visit certainly changed my perception of British food. Next time I'm in Phoenix I will definitely return.
Liked this place better than I thought I would. "D" asked me out for late lunch so we met here around 2pm. It was hard for me to find, it's located BEHIND the AM/PM more on Hardy than University in my opinion.. We walked in what felt like the BACK door and immediately were struck by the cramped style of the restaraunt. I wanted to run back out and go to the bar next door, but "D" really wanted a pasty. So I gave in.. We walked to the front and sat at the long table with the long bench. That didn't feel as cramped as the two-seater tables.. . we both had pomogranate ice tea, which was delicious after I added sugar to it. I ordered the Chicken Greek Salad Pasty and he ordered the Peppered Steak pasty.. . When the food came out about 10 minutes later and I dug in, I finally knew what heaven on a plate tasted like. Both Pasty's were cut in half so he and i switched half of each others food. OH! MY! My chicken greek salad pasty was delicious, the artichokes and sun dried tomatoes were so scrumptious. I loved the dressing as well. It was all so good. The peppered steak was also delicious, although I'm personally not a fan of mushrooms and it had many in it. But besides that really great food. I loved it. . . They were deceptively filling, so I want to go back and try just the dessert. Was too full to try it this time.
I ain't from around here. Where I come from,  restaurants located in strip malls are not to be trusted. "Feed me but be careful." Speaketh my hangover and we rolled back the stone to the pasty-cave.. . So the hangover and I find ourselves inside the pit as The Soledad Brothers play and smoke rises from the narrow kitchen. Ten pounds of onion simmer on a grill.  A beautiful woman hands me a menu. Oh god, they are everywhere! That man making the food has an immaculate beard!!! Am I in Chicago?! What's happening hangover?!  . . No. I'm In Tempe, where there is a kickass restaurant that serves kickasser beer, and great comfort food to cure what ails you. Bangers and Mash. Mmmm. Mash.
Had the meat and cheese pasty and the banaoffee pie again. Still just as good. . Really busy for a Thursday night and a little slow on the service because of it. Enjoyed it much more the other times when sitting at the bar, so definitely suggest doing that if it's available. Also, disappointed in the music choices - it was like swing jukebox music and did not fit the restaurant at all.. While the food is super delicious, for the price (~$8.50) the pasties should come with a side of mash or something. . Definitely do not pass up on dessert either.
Dont be frightened by the other places in this shopping center.  Once inside there is great authentic food, they even have HP sauce.
The atmosphere is very dark and you feel almost closed in.  But the food makes up for it. The greek salad and the tikka masla is really good.  The workers are all tatted up and seem kinda unshowered.  The happy hour has good car bomb specials.
The service and the heat knock this place down a star...not having A/C in AZ just seems like a horrible, horrible idea, especially in such a small space, with no waiting area, and tons of bodies packed in. . . Our server (after our 25 minute scorching wait) was very nice, and kept our drinks filled...but took 30 minutes post-finishing to bring us the bill, and just as long to pick it back up with the cards...all the while, I was schvitzing and sweating.. . That said, the food is freaking amazing. I had the Mushroom, Spinach, Walnut Soup, while my co-diners enjoyed the Leek soup - both were lick the bowl clean, as was the bread served with the soup. I appreciated at barrage of vegetarian Pasty options, both more with veggies (like thedelicious balsamic portobello I had) as well as with faux meat, Quorn brand (yum!). My friends had the bangers and mash and the chicken greek pasties, and both were beyond satisfied. One took an order of Shirley Temple Pudding home -- if I wasn't visiting from out of town, I would have too - it smelled godly.. . Would suggest visiting during an off hour, as there are no seats for waiting, and it is ridiculously hot. Plus, make sure you have lots of time for freshly made food, and medium speed service. Food is totally worth it!
This place is one of my favorite restaurants.  Local restaurant  with delicious food.  For those who don't know, a pasty is basically a gourmet Hot Pocket.  The vegetarian friendly menu consists of a lot of pasties and a few salads, all under $10 and very filling.  They even have dessert pasties.  I've been here many times, and the only dud I've ever had was a very dry Chicken Alfredo.  The Cajun Chicken has trumped the Balsamic Portabello as my favorite.  My main gripe with this place is that it is very small.  There are only 2 or 3 tables that seat more than 2, not counting the bar counter.  There is usually a wait for dinners on Friday and Saturday.  I'm just glad I live close enough to do take out on those nights since they don't deliver.  My friends love the 32oz Guiness served in mini-pitchers for less than $9.
Ordered ahead, due to a slight hangover and wanting to be at home.  But when I walked in I was impressed by the warm feeling.  This restaurant is a narrow "cave" and lives up to a typical Brit pub with wooden walls and low lighting.  Didn't wait long for them to package my food.  I ordered the Oggie and Royal with Cheese, and OMG!!  My son and I shared.  He was finished with his before I was half way done with mine.  The Oggie had steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga and the crust was light and flakey.  The Royal with Cheese was a burger patty with onions, mushrooms, cheese and french fries, OMG!!  Perfect cure to a hangover or just a great dinner.  A little heavy for lunch but the menu looks to have other great options.  I will definately try this place again and will sit down to eat there sometime soon!!
I freakin love this place.  The food is so darn delicious.  I only have a couple complaints about the place, but the pros far out weigh the cons.  The hallway like establishment is a little too cramped for my style, so I usually call in my order for pick up.  My only real complaint is that no matter how much time you give them, the pickup orders are never really ready; it seems they wait to package the food until your actually there.  Again it's a simply pet peeve but I love this place!  The carne adovada is to die for.
I can't believe that this place is so close to my office and it took me three years to finally stumble across it!  After having read the reviews, I decided to give it a shot once I realized that they actually do have a fairly extensive veggie-friendly menu.  Despite not being a fan of fake meat products, I decided to try the veggie asiago chicken pasty and was pleasantly surprised.  The brand of "wheat meat" that they use actually had good flavor and an unusually normaltexture.  The pasty also contained corn, black beans, hatch chiles, stewed tomatoes, and was not overwhelmingly heaped with asiago cheese.  The salsa that was served on the side was flavorful and a nice accompaniment to the already spicy pasty.  The crust was flavorful and flaky, just like the pasties that I remember getting growing up.  The only drawback is that the place is incredibly small and between the loud music and the conversations of other customers, my ears were ringing by the time I left.  The food is certainly worthwhile, though, and I think this may become one of my regular take out spots for lunch.
Everything I have ever ordered from here is delicious.  The staff is friendly and the beer looks great (I don't drink during lunch :() . . The restaurant is a bit small making it challenging if your in a big group.  The good food takes a bit of time and can be a little heavy for the middle of summer.  I recommend checking this place out and enjoying the unique food they have to offer.
Couple things.  First, I am reviewing a Delivery order that I placed.  (If you didn't know that they delivered... Now you do!). . You start by looking at their website, which is modest.  It's a black background with White text.  Pretty much all of their food is available for take-out, except for the alcohol.. . *TIP* Make sure to look at their PDF Menu.  It has TONS of more choices than what is listed on their Website.  I wasn't even aware of this fact until I had ordered my food.. . At this point, they do not have online ordering set up, so you call and place your order that way.. . Cornish Pasty's (pronounced Pastie, not Pastey) are amazingly delicious.  They take whatever filling you choose (from the Chicken Alfredo to the Bangers and Mash), and they place it in a thin, crisp dough that surrounds it.  Think of a Calzone, except the Irish version.. . Now, these are very, very filling.  They are modestly priced (all of them are less than $10), and they are EXTREMELY DELICIOUS.. . Make sure you give them a try.  I will sure be eating here again!
Been twice, once in Mesa, once in Tempe. Both had great food and super friendly hipster staff. We will be back, no doubt! Good beer selection and happy hour deals too??
Not much on ambience, but the food is amazing!
I ordered the royal with cheese, omgosh yum. It was the best french fry/burger thing, I've ever eaten. Very very tasty. I got my order to go, and it was snappy service, and they were friendly.. . The only negatives are that this also doubles as a bar and the drink prices are meh, and it looks super sketchy at night.. . Overall though, I recommend going to this place because it was the bomb!
I just had my first Cornish Pasty experience, and can I just say yummmm!  I am a vegetarian and my boyfriend is a carnivore.  I was pleasantly surprised that I had an entire page of unique and delicious options to choose from, and I know I will be returning soon to try more.  On another note, for any of you other vegetarians out there, I sat at the bar and could see the prep area where they cut the scrumptious pasties and prep them up to go out to customers, and to my satisfaction and delight, they were thoughtful enough to use a separate knife to cut my veggie pasty.  All in all, it was a great experience.
Fun, unique selection of delicious food that you'll find nowhere else in town, great selection of cold beers, cozy dark atmosphere, friendly staff. Not sure why people are saying it's in a sketchy neighborhood -- I think the worst thing that will happen to you is you might get asked for spare change in the parking lot, but trust me, you are perfectly safe coming here. Can't speak to the "authenticity" of these pasties, but they sure are good, and I love that there's such a variety of flavors/textures to try.. . I'm sad I discovered this place right before I moved out of state.
This is an interesting food experience where you get a lot to eat for a decent price.  The service was on top of things and took good care of keeping my drink full.  I ordered their original pasty and some baked beans with habenero peppers added and then got a lamb and mint pasty to go.  They carried out both orders very well and without the confusion many places seem to have when they receive such an order.  Good place for an occasional visit but regular visits might incur a larger waistline as it is a very carb heavy meal.  I enjoyed both of my pasty pies and would look forward to sampling their other offerings.
I love Cornish Pasty Company for the charming atmosphere, great beer selection, and last but not least the food. If you come here sit at the bar and order a cajun chicken. You're welcome!
The Pasty's here are pretty much gourmet hot pockets. I had the salmon pasty with a side of spicy beans.. . Pros:. -Great flavors with the salmon filling. Salmon was also cooked perfectly.. -The dough was flaky and tender. -The dill cream sauce that comes with the pasty is also great.. -Car bombs are always good for brunch.. . Cons:. -Wasn't too into the spicy beans. They were too spicy for my liking, making it unbearable to eat.
I finally got to try CPC before an ASU football game last weekend.. . When we walked in there were a few other confused looking people crowded in the doorway. We were there about 15 minutes to 6 and apparently there isn't a hostess until 6. So along with the other people we fended for ourselves and my hubby and I found a table for 2. Usually dark and small places make me claustrophobic but I actually liked the atmosphere. It was like a comfy cave. And I loved the fact that I smelled curry in a pub. . . It took about 10 minutes to get any service. Which slightly annoyed me because if we would have gotten served earlier we would have gotten happy hour prices on our beers. But luckily the server was great. Really sweet, funny, and informative. . . The pasties do take awhile to be made, but that's okay because we had 32 oz beers to enjoy! They have a good, but not huge beer selection.. . My husband ordered the oggie which he really enjoyed. He loved the sauce it came with. I ordered the pesto veggie pasty. It was very tasty. The pasty itself it so buttery and flaky. And the filling had Quorn brand veggie chicken which is my favorite brand of vegetarian chicken. So yummy. Next time I definitely want to order a spicier one. Italian style was good but I can imagine a Mexican or Indian one being even better!. . Overall, worth the 20 minute trek to Tempe!
If you haven't been to the Cornish Pasty (pronounced past-tee), you have not really seen the heart of Tempe. It's a little place, not really good for groups or kiddos, but when you enter you truly fee the atmosphere shift, and guess what? Now you're part of the cool crowd. The food is so good! I love their mushy peas for a starter (although half of the time they are out) and then the Pilgrim to seal the deal. It's like a Thanksgiving party in your mouth any time of the year! All of their food is great, and this place is always busy it seems. Don't come on a Friday or Saturday night unless you like being in small spaces with a million loud drunks. Mid-afternoon is the best. The servers are usually pleasant, but some have a better-than-you hipster attitude. But hey, if you haven't been here yet, you're missing out on Tempe's best kept secret!
I fell in love with pasties while in england.  CPC is a little yuppified -- real pasties are served from street vendors or behind a counter to travelers about to get on a train or walk down the street.  I had a chicken-pot-pie pasty and it was delicious.. . I don't think I'll eat in again, but only order to go because the PLACE WAS LOUD!  Heavy metal music played loud enough that people had to shout.  The din was harsh and loud enough that I was itching just to get the hell out and away from the noise.  Forget desert.  Just get the hell out.
The place is small, great food and service I've had the Pilgrim and salad  and home made dressing was great! I want the recipe. . . The service is always good and the drinks as well.. . The Mesa location  we sat on the patio and it's bigger inside was a little loud.
Hole in the wall greatness. Sorta pricey though, but, if you're a potato fan this place will rule your soul -- and you will have no complaints.
If I could, I would eat here everyday.  The pasties are amazing, the beer selection is quality and the atmosphere is unique, in a great way.
The only reason I give 4 stars  is because I can't bring in a big party! haha... It is that good, love the food, the drinks, and how snug it is. . . I brought my boyfriend here awhile back and he kinda had a confused look on his face when we walked throught the door and sat down. But as soon as he read the menu and beer list he was happy. Now I hear he likes to take his co-workers there:). . If you love the "homecooked" food feel, then go there... whose home?... I don't know, not mine for sure, maybe if I had an old english grandmother I guess. . . Just arrive before 7 on weekends, it gets packed late into the night. Its not that big inside, so if your claustrophobic sit near the back by the door...you'll see some light:)
The Missus & I are traveling together this week (yay!) and stopped by the Cornish Pasty Co. for a quick dinner.  Nice English beers (and cider) on tap - kind of a dive-y ambiance.  Let's face it, we all LOVE finding an out of the way place with really good, reasonably priced food, don't we?  It just tastes better!. . CPC delivers on all counts.  It's kinda loud (but I liked the music, so that's OK :) and kinda dark, but that's OK too.  Pasties are English pies miners would take to work for their lunch.  The Missus had the Shepherds Pie pasty (she had the ground beef, but lamb is an option, as it should be) and I had the Indian curry pasty - two big hits!  The pie is crusty, golden brown and delicious outside, nice and delicate inside.  Fillings are yummy, service was great!  The House Special pasty has rutabagas in it, which I despise, and the friendly server was most apologetic that they couldn't take them out, but said if I called ahead they would be glad to remove the offending root veggies with some advance notice - nice of them to offer to accommodate my distaste for root vegetables in general (and rutabagas in particular).. . In summary: great, interesting food, friendly service, reasonable priced - we'll be back and I recommend you stop by as well, and see what this whole pasty thing is all about!
Great place and nice staff... Delicious food and variety .. definitely we'll be back
Never really eaten at a place like this, but it was actually very good. Environment was really lively and loud. Went here on the weekend so it was very busy. Very small place so with a lot of people there isn't much room to move around. Also there is only two bathrooms, so there was a little bit of a line to use it. Prices were fair for the amount of food you get. Overall a fun place to hang out and eat.
The Cornish Pasty on University is very small place. There is more room and outdoor seating at the one in Mesa which is a little farther but worth it also. They have great Pasty's!!! They are truely gourmet hot pockets! YUM!
The food is really, really tasty. I got the Pilgrim, because I love Thanksgiving dinner, and it did not disappoint. The cranberry sauce for dipping was a perfect touch. And it was super filling. When ordering, the waitress told us it didn't come with any sides - we thought it was kind of weird, so two of our group ordered some fries for the side. As it turned out, the pasty was deceptively small looking and was actually incredibly hearty. I could barely finish it and I had hardly any of the fries. Sides really aren't necessary!. . The major downside, and the reason for 4 stars, is the rather uncomfortable interior. I don't really mind that it's dark or grungy, but my main complaint was how loud it was. The music was so loud, my dinner mates and I could barelycarry on a conversation since we had to basically shout to be heard. I suppose if you're drinking and being loud anyway it's not too bad, but otherwise it's not the best place to actually eat there. In the future I'll stick to take out.
Oggie, oh Oggie, how do I love thee. Savory, warm and filling, perfectly good with or without the wine gravy. And the chips, just plain, no garlic or cheese, my gods... simple, potato-y perfection. I suppose I'll one day be adventurous and sample the other styles, but for now, Oggie is all I need. That, and a lack of hipsters and overly loud music.
As a Brit a long way from home, I couldn't believe it when my friend took me to this little gem hidden away in a random Tempe stripmall. The dark grungy decor and Hipster clientele seemed straight out of Capitol Hill in Seattle! . . I had the original Cornish pasty, like what pasties are in the UK. Though the pasty menu is extensive and creative with lots of veggie options too.  It was fantastic!  Succulent steak chunks and vegetables wrapped up in the delicious pastry crust. Very authentic!  Also had the mushy peas, true British chippy style. . . For dessert I had to have the sticky toffee pudding as that's my all time favourite 'afters' from home. It arrived in its own black cauldron with a side of creme anglaise. Absolutely amazing! The sweet gooey toffee inside was perfectly warm and runny. My friend and I quickly inhaled the whole thing in a few spoonfuls. . Overall it was a great dining experience here. Lots of beer choices too. I shall be back!
When you walk in, the mining theme is hard to ignore. There's a long bar on the left, a long row of tables on the right, the decor is black, and the photos are all of early 20th century Cornish miners hard at work. It felt a bit like dining in a mineshaft, which seems to be the place to munch on Cornish Pasties.. . We stopped by here on our way out of Phoenix back to CA, lured by the proximity to our hotel and the good reviews.  The pasties are substantial - my wife only finished half of hers. There's a variety of fillings - I had the bangers and mash, my wife an Indian curry. Both were tasty if a bit salty. We stayed full most of the trip back to the coast.  The server was friendly and efficient; our drinks never reached bottom before being refilled.. . We'll likely come back next time we're in town.
I haven't had a chance to eat in yet but I did get to try their tikka masala chicken salad and it was good. We got it for a work meeting. I loved the dressing with it but the salad was somewhat lacking. The chicken was great but the veggies in the salad weren't as plentiful as I had hoped. . . Everyone else's food looked great and it made me wish I could have a pasty (dang gluten!). I would suggest checking this place out as it has probably the only English food I've seen in Tempe.
I am not as enthusiastic about the Cornish Pasty Company as some, but if you are looking for this type of place to eat, you will probably enjoy the experience.. . A Pasty is basically a turnover; at Cornish Pasty Company, it is a very big turnover.  One is a meal.  Here they precook them until they are almost done, then finish them when you order.  This process introduces a drying effect that detracts from the product.  They do serve a sauce with each pasty, and as the sauces we tried were quite good, you can use the sauce to counteract the dryness. When all is said and done, the pastys are tasty.  But not knock-your-socks-off great.. . The atmosphere at Cornish Pasty Company is cramped and noisy.  It seems more like a college hangout than a restaurant, and this is not surprising because it is a college hangout, but one where the quality of the food has attracted a wider clientele.  If you like this kind of atmosphere, you will be right at home at one of the few small tables or at the bar.  I prefer the bar.. . Prices are low (typically about $9 for a pasty), considering the size of the meal.. . Hints:. 1.  It is always crowded.  Try to come at an off hour, like 4:30 on a weekday.. 2.  Skip the very average salads and the oven chips (dry, tasteless), and probably the other appetisers.  Just get a pasty.  If you are an abnormally big eater, follow it up with a dessert pasty.. 3.  It is a bit hard to find.  Turn North on Hardy from University to find the Cornish Pasty Company in a small shopping center hidden by a large gas station.
What the...? A Cornish pasty place in Tempe, AZ? I've had a hankering for a pasty for quite some time and thought I'd have to wait until my next trip to the upper Midwest. . . For starters, I like the menu here. Places that do one thing and do it well rate highly with me, and this place does pasties. There are about a dozen different kinds of pasties on the menu ranging from traditional (beef & potatoes or chicken pot pie) to unusual (salmon or Mexican), for example. The pasties are pre-made and warmed up to order and come with sauces. The red wine gravy I tried was very good. There are a few side dishes like chips, slaw, and beans, and some good looking desserts. (I can't say how they tasted; I had a second Strongbow for dessert.) They have several beers on draft and some bottles, too. . . I thought the portion size was decent, but certainly not huge, and the prices fair, especially considering the next nearest pasty place is probably hundreds or thousands of miles away (aside from the CPC's other location, obviously). The pasty seemed authentic and pretty consistent with what I grew up with, but it was a bit salty and a bit dry, though the gravy helped. The flavors were good, though, and I enjoyed my Oggie (their main beef pasty). . . The place is small, dark, and divey. There's a single row of tables mostly two-tops along one wall and about a dozen seats at the bar. Dark clothes, visible body piercings, and tattoos seem to be a prerequisite for employment at this place. I got the sense that this place turned into a heavy-metal bar in the evenings, though I could be wrong. I certainly enjoyed the Queen playing when I got there, and the two guys that waited on me at the bar were friendly, cool guys, and the service was efficient. . . This is a place I'll visit whenever I'm in town. There's just nothing like it outside of England and the upper Midwest.
Ordered two pastys as takout.  One was Lamb & Mint.  The other was Chicken Tikka Masala.  . . It appears to be a typical kind of bar and pub.  The pastys were very flavorful, but a bit heavy.  I guess this is what a pasty is.  My wife and I thought the pastys were quite good, and the staff was very knowledgeable.
Awesome food and desserts
Ordered the Rosemary Chicken for my first Pasty experience. I was really impressed. Filling, tasty, and unique. . . A few hiccups, the drafts were not in working order. I do believe they may be epanding this location because it's rather small. The other bottle beer my table ordered, they were out of too. . . One other side note, there are NO substitutions. You get what you get and you don't throw a fit!  I'm not an onion fan at all, so my choices were pretty limited, but as I stated up top, the ROSEMARY CHICKEN did the trick for me!
Went in after a day of shopping with my mother. We walked into the bar side and decided we wanted to sit in the pew benches on the restaurant side instead. We ordered waters and sodas while munching on a side of chips. My mom got the chicken pot pie and loved the crust and the moist chicken. I got the Meat and Cheese. Although I wish the cheese was a bit more melty the sage pork sausage was great. The dipping gravy tasted of beer. Great addition. The music was fun and the bartender dancing to the music was fun. Great lunch! Will go again when I'm in Tempe. Another plus: enough for left overs!
This is the type of place you want to keep coming back and trying other "Pasties" this has only been the second time I've been but will go back the first time I had the "Cajun Chicken" it was great this time I had the "Rosemary Chicken" and it was just ok not enough flavor and a little dry but it still was good and it didn't turn me of from this place at all. I will be back soon
What a gem of a place, entirely unique to Phoenix and one of a kind. The pasties are soooooo good! I felt like i was in Germany being served authentic food. I had the chipotle pastie and ate so much that I was way too full. I only do that when I really like something. Highly recommend! Ps I'm picky too
Out of both locations, this CP is the most intimate and cozy. I always sit at the bar, order a beer and watch the guys behind the counter do their thing. The PASTY, not PASTRY are really good for the most part. Stick to the classics like Shepard's Pie. Any of the other food styles (Italian, Mexican etc) aren't as good. Their soups are also delicious.
I have been to Cornish Pasty multiple times, but was compelled to write after going in this last time. Things just got THAT much better at Pasty with the opening of their additional dining room. The lack of seating was my only previous complaint, and I look forward to being able to bring large groups there.. . They have a helpful staff, and I enjoy the Chicken Pot Pie pasty the most. ALSO--get the banoffee pie and add ice cream. INSANE.
This was my first time here since they expanded. The food was great as always and the service first rate, but now you can actually find a seat. They've done a great job on the expansion. They still maintained the old section but now have an additional bar section and large seating area on the other side. It's dark inside and the music is cranking, great atmosphere in my opinion. If you haven't been there in a while it's worth checking out again. A great location for happy hour as well. I would go back just for the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale.
It was my first visit.  All my co workers have been talking  about this place....with that said,  ..........walking up to this establishment is not impressive.  Please do not take a 1st date here.  All I have heard is about the expansion..and thank goodness!! . . This place is dark, the staff look like they are all on tour of some skating boarding ESPN tour  in town.. . BUT!!!!. . The staff  (who look like skateboarders) were great!  Each one of them so friendly, polite and very attentive. . Beer selection-par none...excellent selection on tab.  . The expansion section is inviting for large groups...which was perfect for our work HH.. MENU- as my friend would say......UNBELIEVABLE!. I took home a Carne Asada concoction and it was sooooo good.  The calzone idea is great! When you can come up with creative stuffing you can't go wrong.  . . Ambiance 3 ..too dark for me . Staff  5+ -very friendly, attentive & polite. Food 5+- the calzone spin -UNBELIEVABLE...so good.  even take home.. Beer 5 -great selection on tab......can't get that everywhere.
my friend recommended this place to me because I mentioned I was going to AZ for a work trip.  I was with my big bosses and some other coworkers and we all went to eat here for a quick bite and drink before catching our flights.. My friend made a great rec because all of my coworkers had a good time and I got the credit for picking the location :P. . We tried three different pasties and all three were delicious. Can't recall the actual names of them.. .one was the curry based one, the other was the thanksgiving one.. and the final one was one with the gravy sauce.. everyone loved each one and we just shared a whole bunch family style. . Another plus about this place is their collection of beers .. mm... i'm not the biggest fan of beers but the beer that the bartender recommended to me was really good... . .. if i'm in AZ again I'll probably wanna stop here again for sure
I agree that the service is a hit or miss, but the food itself does justice. The Shepherd's Pie and the Italian should not be missed. I've done take out here a few times and the food is just as good eaten at home as when you eat it at the restaurant. Solid 4 stars from me for their limited, but specialized menu!
First time there, not a bad experience at all.. . Sat atthe small bar, ordered a couple of 20 oz lagers and a steak pasty.. . My server was very enthusiastic and helpful, the atmosphere casual, the music loud and therefore the conversations had to be heard over the music, so it just kept getting louder.. . My beers were great, the pasty came out hot & delicious. I could tell that they really do you use the finest of ingredients. The crust was definitely the way it should be, flaky & crumbly at the same time.. . Though at $9.00 each they'd be better be worth, it, right? I would say yes for the most part, I wouldn't go there every day but a definite once in a while yes.
This is one of my favorite, unique restos in the Phoenix area.. . What is a pasty? Think about is as an empanada. If you don't know what that is then think about as...[moan]...a Hot Pocket.. . As far as the pasties go, the Lamb Vindaloo is my favorite. I've also tried The Chicken Greek (least favorite), Chicken Tikka Masala, Lovely Bit a Salmon, and the Peppered Steak. They also have a good selection of vegetarian pasties even though I have yet to try them.. . This place has expanded and added a lot more space on the other side, but, in my opinion, lost a bit of charm. Something about being uncomfortably hot near the ovens on a summer day in a somewhat cramped setting equals pure character, and I do miss it. Unless I'm hungry.. . The staff is laid-back and pretty cool reminding me of dives in Austin, Charlotte, and Philly.. . If you want, you can get the pasties half-baked so you can take them home and pop them in a 425-degree oven for 15-20 minutes. But why deprive yourself the experience of enjoying it here?
Good food... Great service... Small place though
Just fantastic. I first went to Cornish Pasty in 05' a few months after they opened and fell in love immediately. Although a few things have changed over the years each one is usually an improvement and never a negative. . . If you are not familiar, a pasty is a traditional British coal miners food.  A hearty filling wrapped in a pie crust and baked. Kind of a hand-held meat pie. Cornish Pasty Co. has taken this simple and traditional dish and meticulously perfected each component. Their crusts are some how simultaneously hearty and flaky. Although their is nothing delicate about their seasoning it is never out of balance and all of the ingredients are always quality. . . Beyond just mastering the finer details of pasty science, Cornish Pasty Co. has also branched off into wild and exotic flavors. It's no shocker that the British know Indian food and it shows with the tika masala and the lamb vindaloo pasties. What is shocking is the refinement of the Greek and Italian inspired pasties. Perhaps my favorite pasty, from the cuisine most elusive to the British, is the Carne Avadado. This is a Mexican inspired pasty that will satisfy even the most snobby Las Cruses/El Paso foodie. If you have ever talked Mexican food with one you will know just what I mean. . . I have eaten nearly every item on the menu and not a one disappoints. It took me ages to get past the pasties and start ordering soups and salads. Now that I have had the spinach, mushroom, walnut soup, it is difficult to save room for my old favorites. . . Although the mine shaft inspired interior is dark and cramped I have never felt uncomfortable there. The sound system is usually bumping classic rock and the employees are pierced and tattooed well beyond your typical wait staff, but everyone is friendly and service is typically good.. . If I have to list a negative the only one I can think of is the food is consistently just a little better at the University location than the Dobson one.  No clue why, but everyone I've talk to seems to agree, the Tempe store has the edge on quality.  . . After you add a respectable selection of beers the only reason you won't be here every night is your waist line.. . . Edit (4/30/2014):. . Food's still good... but...  . . The service has gone down hill. What was once a staff of edgy, unquiet, and skilled individuals. They are now mostly pretentious hipsters, with a bad attitude and below standard skills at basic service.
A Californian approved British pub dive with a decent array of beers on tap, a lot of which I actually wanted to try --  but, since I'm on a business trip, I figured I'd save that pairing for my next spring training visit to this cactus town.. . Atmospherically speaking, it is dark.  The windows are blacked out with drapes, the ground is dark, the furnishing is dark, and with a tinge of yellow lighting throughout the place, you truly feel like you're in a medevil pub. . . The menu is filled with a decent variety of classic, vegetarian, and modern/fusion pasties.  As a newcomer from out of town, it was quite hard for me to decide which pasty to get.  Although I really wanted to try one of the 2 portobello mushroom varieties, I ended up getting a classic, the cottage pie.  To fulfill my fungi craving, I paired it with a very garlicky, and very flavorful mushroom spinach soup.. . The cottage pie was decent, but after the blast of flavor concentrated soup, my mouth was just not amazed by their spot on authentication, of the bland British classic.  If you want the classic, you'll probably love the nostalgia of the pie.. . If you want flavor and the experience you get from lots of aromatic compounds, the Cajun chicken and Mexican pasty smelled wonderful.  . . I for one will be coming back for the balsamic portobello pasty next, which probably means tomorrow night since my trip here shall end the following day.  And I shall keep coming back with every subsequent Phx trip till I've satisfied my tastebud's curiosity.  I guess I'm a bit OCDwhen it comes to joints with a rainbow of the same type of dish.
A favorite in Tempe, I have had almost every pasty on the menu and liked every one.  Glad they finally got the extra room as this placed is almost always packed for dinner.  The kitchen side is always open so you can see the staff preping and preparing your food.  I belive they pre-make the pasty's and then cook them upon order. 32 ounce beers, $3 car bombs and fancy hot pockets, whats NOT to like
I try to make a monthly visit to the pub and get my grub and drink on when I can.  I love the atmosphere but the seating situation can be bothersome at times.  The food is good ol'fashioned heart stopping goodness coupled with cold brews and service that's mindfully busy.  Bring talking and thristy company because it can be a wait sometimes but when you have patrons guzzling down mad amounts of brew I can totally understand.
I went there at night on a recommendation of a friend and didn't really know what to expect. The place is somewhat hidden and rather unpretentious compared to other restaurants. The place is lit by candles and soft lightings, with metal music playing in the background. Occasional rock and metal music plays in the back ground which goes well with the easy ambience. The place despite its unconventional getup offers intimacy for groups and also welcomes loners. They have a huge collection of beer, both domestic and imported, all reasonably priced. On to the main course - pasties. Comparing pasty with hot-pockets oversimplifies this delicacy. Alright, its roasted bread stuffed with cheese and your choice of meat, but there is so much more to it. Depending on what you get, you'll get to enjoy vibrant flavors that go well with your choice of alcohol (personal recommendation - get Buddingtons).. Pasty recommendation: Peppered Lamb
I love Cornish Pasty, I really do. I eat here regularly. I recommend full-tilt the lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka, royale with cheese, bangers and mash, the salmon one I forget what it's called--literally everything here is delicious. I need to try everything on the menu, it's a plethora of flavor delights. The crust on each pasty is amazingly flaky and buttery and makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. The sauces are amazing. The food is last-meal-on-earth worthy.. . I cannot, however, give Cornish Pasty Co. five stars, because the service is sooo hit or miss. I will deal with slow service for the food, but good gravy I wish they'd get a clue on this point. Sometimes I go there and it's wonderful--I get my booze, food and check in a time frame reasonable for human living. Other times, I convince people I know to try the place out and we're literally there for two and a half hours while the one server working at the time roams the entire place and spends half the time chatting. . . I read a lot of yelp reviews of places I love and think people are being entitled jerks about the service and they should never leave corporate franchise places. I would never, never complain about service if it was even mediocre. Just, from time to time, the service here is so bad I do question whether I should ever go back.
Great food. I'm not a huge fan of how dark and loud it is inside (Tempe location), but the food was great and our server was top notch. She even let the 5 of us have our own checks without a bat of the eye. Highly recommended.
Who knew this place even existed? . . I was feeling quite sick and couldn't decide what would satisfy my soul when my roommate suggested we get some soup. Little did I know what a cool scene I was walking into or I would have probably changed out of my pajamas. In reality, NO ONE CARED about my attire, the lighting was dark and the seating was said to be from an old mine however it reminded me more of a church.  The people that work here are super chill, they were playing AC/DC's, "Let there be Rock" and the pasty's reminded me of an Australian pie. . . The soup was fabulous and they give you tons of bread which is delicious to dip or butter! They've got pasties on pasties on pasties to pick from as well. I decided on the vegan eggplant parmesan and although I was under the impression I specifically asked for no cheese, vegan or not, I received it. Hey, mistakes happen it was what it was and I wouldn't order that again but even if I wasn't going to eat, its a low key hipster bar scene for sure, and i'm all about that.
New, bigger but Better?. . Gone are the days of long waits to sit in a subway car's width to dine, the next two store fronts and patio are now part of the cornishpasty co. . . As time goes on some this place move a bit more upscale, lighting so dim I was blind for the firs Prices have gone up about a dollar or two since the early days. . . One thing that has not changed is the great pasties.
This is a cool place. I would love it if I lived near by it would be my favorite place to belly up. Oh to dream as I live in suburbia, sigh. We walked in one of the many doors and find ourselves in a dark skinny bar with many open two tops and a full four top. Yes, we are with our boys so we need four top. The (I believe) manager said sit where ever you would like. I asked are there more tables? He motions around the bend of the bar. We walk around and into a restaurant with HUGE tables with church pews for seats. Obviously not from a Catholic church as they were comfortable. . . We grabbed a table and spread out. The waiter was great, showed up right away with menus, made beer suggestions and brought them quickly. We perused to the menus, a lot to choose from! I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, husband ordered the vegan pasty selection, kid 1 ordered Chicken Alfredo (it had bacon) pasty and kid 2 ordered Potato Leek soup with fresh bread. My husband and kid 1 devoured every bit and loved it. I could only eat half and enjoyed it. Kid 2 loved the bread and ate some of the soup, it was delish but not for him (blue cheese). . . I think I need to go back and get something different. It was good but I just think it had potential to be great. I might try something more traditional or go for the carne adovada pasty.  Overall it was a great experience. The decor and atmosphere was great (great hangover bar as very dark), service was perfect and food very, very good.
My girlfriend and I went in a couple weeks ago for something a little different for dinner - and we had a good time! We both had a beer and ordered a pasty. The food took a little longer than I typically care for, but when it came it was worth it, and the environment was cool to hang out in.
i swear i wrote a review for this place before...anyways, here goes again.. . Great beer, great food.. . If you never had a cornish pasty before well you are missing out on a lot. The chefs here put a lot of thought into each pasty because the flavors really compliment each other and the crust is nice and flaky (how i prefer). . . This place is a pure dive bar... if locals scare you...don't go around here because that is all you are going to get. . . Thinking about cornish pasty co. is making me hungry. i am going to have to stop by sometime this upcoming week to meet this craving now...thanks yelp...
British food is normally bad, but I decided to give this a try. It was better than I expected! I had the lamb mint, and was quite surprised at the flavor! The pastry was ver light, and the goodies stuffed inside were very good. Not a bad price, and worth the trip.
Don't be afraid when you walk into the dimly lit space that mimics the feel of being in a coal mine.  Cornish Pasty Co offers up a wide variety of pasties that are very good.  I think this my new spot for lunch on my way to the airport.    Good beer too.
The carne adovada pasty is delicious! Self seating, just go in and find your own seat. The atmosphere is very unique in a good way. I just wish it didn't take so long to prep the pasty!
Picture this...3 $1 bills (which may or may not be from a bet I lost (or won) at the strip club)...an affinity...a propensity...nay, a proclivity! for Irish Car Bombs and a menu that says 'CAR BOMBS: ALWAYS $3'.. . Those 3 words, squiggly symbol and numeral made me squeal and giggle with glee. The music they were playing was also very appeasing.. . Monday night, Hubzilla and I were looking for ADVENTURE!, completely exhausted with the usual suspects that we pick up for take out, we headed down to the college town affectionately known as "Tempe" and whipped out the handy dandy Yelp App.  Up jumps "Cornish Pasty Company" at the top of the list.  Eventually we found it tucked into the back of a strip mall (weirdly unexpected location...but sooooo glad we didn't turn away).  . . Down to brass tacks:. . The menu has a bunch of stuff on it, yummy-sounding stuff, inexpensive stuff...After a brief conference with our server (and a couple of car bombs to lubricate our speaking skills) we decided to split The Oggie and The Peppered Steak.  . . The Oggie was the favorite because once you added that red wine gravy to it, the flavors just kinda...pop. . . The Peppered Steak, by default, was the 2nd favorite, but was also very yummy. I just wish that the peppercorn brandy cream sauce that came with it wasn't cold. Some people really like that, I guess, but I'm a warm-to-room-temperature-or-hotter saucy kinda chick. . . Next time, I look forward to tackling their delicious sounding dessert menu (they have creme anglaise!!!). I REALLY look forward to going back (soon) to try more pasties!
Service was awesome had a waitress that was very attentive and gave great recommendations! Leak soup by far one of the best soups I have ever tried. Very unique food but good
When we arrived it was a little confusing if the place was open or not.  The windows were covered with black shades so we couldn't see in but the sign was lit.  We ended up just picking what kind of appeared to be an entry.  We found out later that we went in through the side which used to be the main entrance, but was too small.  Within a few steps we noticed a very bad smell, but it went away after we kept walking.  We found out later that the smell is from a special kind of cave cheese they keep back there.  The smell was gross and made me think "turn around and leave," but just then we were greeted by a friendly waitress who told us to sit where ever we wanted.  I was surprised at how dark it was in there.. . I started with the potato cheese soup.  It was wonderful, but the fresh baked bread really added a nice compliment to it.  I had the shepherd's pie pasty with red wine sauce.  It was super delicious!  The crust was perfectly flaky, the lamb was tender and tasty, and that sauce was so flavorful!  . . I almost didn't order a desert for two reasons: #1 my husband isn't much of a desert person (and by this time I was so full I didn't think I could finish one by myself.)  And # 2 I was slightly concerned about my waistline.  I went ahead and did it anyway because I wasn't sure when I would get to go back.  I AM SO GLAD I ORDERED the toffee pudding!  It comes fresh baked so it takes a little while...wait dang it, you will not regret it..   . It was not the kind of pudding I expected at all.  It appeared to be a little chocolate cake in a cast iron mini cauldron and to its side was a nice pour of creme anglaise.  I first tried just the cake and it was yummy, but then I began to slowly drizzle the creme over the cake watching it soak into it like a sponge.  The next bite was unbelievable!  It was so warm and soft and moist and sweet I thought I'd explode!. . Overall, the whole experience was an A.  The wait staff was casual, but nice, patient, and informative and the food was very good.  I look forward to my next venture at this place!
Had a British friend give us a couple of these to try a couple of months ago (via take out) and even heated up at home they had us with that delicious crust. The "Oggie" and the Italian were loaded with lots of meats and each had it's own sauce to go with.. Decided to try the place for lunch on Friday and the wait was a bit long, especially considering we were the first ones in the door at 11am. It got crowded really fast and ended up waiting over 20 minutes for our Bannoffee Pie dessert (which was SO, SO sweet but very tasty, taken in small bitefuls). Either way, the Rueben Pasty was very good but I wouldn't order the chicken pesto one again. Too heavy on the mushrooms and artichokes, not enough meat. And something about these pasties beckons for MEAT!. My husband and I are both Cornish Pasty Fans.
This place is everything that all the other reviews have said before me.  The food here is quite simply - awesome.. . I've been a few times.  I've ordered the Cajun Pasty and the Pesto Pasty.  Both are very good options if you like chicken.  I usually eat half and save the other half for the next day.  It's still good heated up the next day.. . What I like the most about this place is the food comes out remarkably quick.  I've gone for lunch on various occasions, arriving around 11:45 each time.  I've gone with one person or with 4 or 5 other people and the food always came out in a reasonable amount of time - even with the restaurant packed to the hilt with hungry folks.  I give them an A+ for their speed given their popularity.. . This establishment is fairly odd in a quirky way that makes you want to return.  The decor has "character".  I suppose the intention is to replicate a English Pub.  I'm not sure.  They expanded the dinging room in recent years and the new dining room is full of these very long tables where the seating looks like what used to be a church bench.  A little awkward whilst you try to chump down on your pasty.  Nonetheless and church bench aside, however you have to sit, its definitely worth your time to visit this establishment.
I've only had their carry out but their pasty's are incredible.
This place is great in many ways. The food is tasty, I don't feel its overpriced and all the bearded people working there is nice enough. With that last statement I don't mean that the service is bad, it is enough i.e. not circling you, but checks in with you now and then. I like that. I also like their laid back style, and they're attitude that goes along with a unconformative beard. I like this brand service.. . Since I barely knew what a pasty was, I ordered the Oggie, the most basic of pasties. It was good, but I can now see how more elaborate filling is better. Next time I will throw some more spice in there, and yes there will be another time. I really enjoyed it, the whole experience. I liked the atmosphere, and the food... and the fact that they have some cool English beers is also a crowd pleaser, if you are my kind of crowd. So food and drinks goes without complaint.. . After a pasty and a couple of beers I was full. Completely full. Sense dictates that I shouldn't have been this full, but I was. Totally worth the visit, and as well as I might not become a regular - I sure will become the occasional returning visitor. I guess I'll end with - come here, support this establishment, not that they need your business - but you need to try a pasty and a beer experience.
Big fan of this place! The food it so good and the people who work there are super nice. The Tempe location can get pretty crowded and there aren't that many tables but  still highly recommend it.
I've been going here for 3 years now and it is one of my favorite places to eat in the Phoenix Metro. Now that they have expanded the restaurant I don't really have anything negative to say about the place at all. Their food is fantastic, the atmosphere is laid back and the prices are very reasonable. I've tried several of the Pasties and while they are all fantastic my favorite is the Lamb vindaloo. If you haven't been here yet it is a must try!
Such yummy food but I definitely did not enjoy the interior dining experience. I will happily get my future food to go. Their british pub concept could be so cool, but instead it was really dark (blackout curtains on every window), way too loud (blaring music), and just overall way too hipster grunge for me (hello, Seattle). Dining experience aside, the menu is giant and the food is really good. I had:. -  Greek Pasty: Vegetarian and I absolutely loved all the flavors in it. It was full of cheese, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, and olives all wrapped up in a warm buttery crust. . - House Salad: Really fresh (amazing tomatoes) and good-sized. . - Sticky Toffee Pudding: Having read about the dessert in English books, I've always wanted to try it. It was pretty good but probably not something I'd order again. After this dish and watching enough Downtown Abbey, I finally get that the English call their cakes "pudding". So it's not pudding at all, but a cake. There really wasn't enough of a toffee flavor, and instead most of the cake had a mild molasses flavor. Parts of the cake were really dry, so the vanilla ice cream its served with made it a lot better. This is certainly a fun dessert to try, but not totally my favorite.. . I only ate half of my pasty at dinner, then ate the other half a few hours later in the comfort of my own home, and definitely enjoyed the leftover half in my home a whole lot more. So overall, I really recommend the food, just in a to-go form :)
Being an English chap, I'd like to think I know what a good pasty is all about. I even make my own for our friends here. But this is the best I've ever had, I mean that and I've spent lots of time in Cornwall.. . I had the traditional pasty as the benchmark and it was fantastic. The filling was spot on, as was the pastry. The menu was very diverse, with things that should never be in a bit of pastry - Hamburger & fries for example but other things that will be lovely to try the next time I'm there.. . As for the atmosphere, I really liked it. There were four of us, with two little saucepan lids. Good music playing, skater feel, bench seats, all in all a good vibe. Please don't think of this is as an English themed place, if only we had things like this there. Just go and enjoy!
Good stuff.  Enjoyed everything this place had to offer.  A  rare find, considering it's location.
Yum!  Beer and bread, what more could you ask for?
I have Been here a handful of times.  I really appreciate the ambiance inside this eatery.  The bar area is dark enough to sit at and feel relaxed and comfy with a slight feeling of sophistication.  Also, the booths give me a feeling of privacy which is nice for having conversations with friends.  Everyone that I know loves this place and has always recommended it to me so when I finally tried the food, I was pleased.  Although, I might add, the pasty's are kind of heavy as they tend to be meat, potato, gravy, and pastry based so it's not a food meant for light eating in the summer heat.  Good food, reasonable rates, and good drinks.  Eat there.
How come I've never heard of a Pasty before?!. . I was going to be in the Tempe area so I typed in "dinner" in the search box and this place showed up first with its 600+ reviews! And I'm so glad we came! They were pretty busy at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. Walked in, sat ourselves, and a server showed up a couple minutes later to take our drink orders. I'd say they were a bit slow and not as attentive as I'd like but its more of a pub feel and they were pretty busy anyway. We ordered the Crispin hard ale to share and it was pretty tasty, not very sweet. I like how they have a large selection international beers (like King Fisher from India!) on their menu, its like you really are in an English pub!. . Our group got the Porky, Rosemary chicken, Lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala pasties. We also ordered the broccoli and cauliflower bake and banana dessert. They were all good but I loved my lamb vindaloo, it was like actual lamb vindaloo that you would get at an Indian restaurant! Ironically the chicken tikka was my least favorite becauseit was too tomato-ey but it wasn't terrible. The yogurt sauce that came with complemented the pasty perfectly. . . The broccoli cauliflower bake was delicious and cheesy, totally hit the spot on a cold night! The banoffe banana dessert was ok but I was disappointed that it was mostly whipped cream (unsweetened). The caramel, graham cracker crust and sliced bananas were still enough to carry on the dish. . . Overall great food, fun casual atmosphere ( saw LOTS of people on dates here) and totally worth checking out if you're in Tempe!
The Cornish Pasty Company has great food.  The only thing is to get there early because when the place gets busy the service becomes slow.  The decor is nice and dark which is nice to get out of the sun now and then.  I had the Lamb with mint pasty and also the salmon pasty, both tasted awesome!
Ahh, pasties. No, not the nipple coverings, although those can be nice too (have you seen these ones? amazing! http://www.incrediblethings.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Grumpy-Cat-Pasties.jpg).. . Anyway, this meal was a delightful taste and cultural experience, in the otherwise megacorporate sprawl wasteland of Arizona (what I saw of it anyway, I'm a Seattleite). Although I entered very reluctantly (it was phenomenally gorgeous out and this place is basically a cave), I was quickly pacified by the familiar surroundings... booze and dingy booths, my native habitat. . . I'm a true pasty fancier, and the ones here are top-notch. If I ever mistakenly return to your city, I will gladly hide out at the CPC.
Had lunch here on Sunday - tried several different pasties in order of preference  - . Asiago Chicken, Lamb Vindaloo, Pesto chicken, rosemary steak.  The french fries (chips) were great too.
Super yummy!
I still have not been to the actual location. So this review is for the Catering service they provide. . I went to a Beautiful Outdoor Wedding this weekend. Cornish Pasty was the caterer.. My girlfriend being an Ish is well familiar with this type of food, for me it was a first.. . I have to say I really liked it. They did a great job serving it up. It was hot and very filling for sure.. They had several choices for the Pasties. I chose the Steak and the Shepard Pie, both were very tasty. Teresa got the curry one which is was over the moon with.. They also served a really good Salad ,the dressing was just right on it.. As well and a Broc,cheese type vegtable side. Not bad at all.. We will check out the shop soon, but for Catering they did a great job.
When passing through Phoenix last week, we had dinner here on the recommendation of Yelp. Who knew you could get good British pasties in Tempe?. . The pasties themselves were incredible. I had the bangers and mash, the wife had the chicken tikka masala. We loved each of them, and believe me that one pasty is enough to satisfy a big appetite.. . We were not as huge fans of the fries/chips. Also, the waitress really had no idea about any of the beers on the menu. Since I am not knowledgable about British beer, this led me to order something I didn't really care for. Next time (oh yes, there will be a next time) I'll stick with the Lagunitas IPA.
My boyfriend and I stopped by for a nice little unique dinner and we got just that! The pasties are simple but full of great flavor. He had the carne adobada while I tried the greek (veggie-friendly option). We were both pretty impressed. Beer selection was pretty solid. Overall, we had a great time and would come back again. . Entrance is kind of odd, just a heads up.
Really dig the food here.  Everything tastes great.  My wife was a big Cornish Pasty food fan prior to us finding this place, and I have to say that she made me a believer when she brought me here.  The food is tasty and bona-fide as far as I can tell.  Did not know that they made the Tempe location dark on purpose to mimic a mine--thought it was to go along with the emo/Goth/lots of tattoos and face piercings crowd that appears to be in attendance--which is great if you're into that sort of thing (we're not).  The Mesa/Chandler location is a bit more open, lighted, and civilized (in terms of face piercings).  Very pleasant and helpful service coupled with tasty victuals, minus the face piercings = 4 stars.  Hate to have my personal bias short them a star, but it is just a bit off-putting if you're not expecting it (and if you show up wearing your Sunday best).
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places for lunch when I have the extra time and even better when we are able to spring for a beer. There is something for everyone on the menu here. I have tried a variety of their pasty's, but lately I've been stuck on the chicken portobello pasty. So good and the pasty crust is delectable. At some point I'd like to try a dessert pasty, but that might have to be a special trip. . . The only small negative to this place is that the service can sometimes be slow. Also, note that it's pretty dark inside, so if you're with people who like a lot of light to read the menu this is not the place. They've increased the seating a lot, so it usually isn't hard to find a table, but it's usually pretty busy.
Seriously everything is delicious! Irish Car Bombs are kind of part of the experience, so get used to it.
I liked this location so much better than the Dobson one! Maybe it is the atmosphere, but to me the pasty even tasted better. I wish I lived closer to this location. Had the Greek pasty, and it was wonderful.
An awesome place to dine. Been there so many times & never dissatisfied with the quality of the food.. At times service is slow. But the wait is worth it.
Such a cool spot in Tempe. The food is awesome and the atmosphere is laid-back and fun. Definitely want to go back for happy hour!
Not a local and decided to try it out due to the reviews here and on Trip Advisor.  The place is dark and feels cramped, for all that it is not at all a small place.  It is also very, very difficult to find.  The entrance is actually on the opposite part of the building from the street it is "on.". . The place is more college bar than British pub as far as atmosphere.  The staff are indistinguishable from the customers but once discovered, generally helpful.  I had the Royale with Cheese and it was very good.  The pastry was crispy and tasty, the filling was well balanced and seasoned.  I'm not sure I would recommend it as a place for dinner or just to grab a meal, but it is absolutely a place I would go to hang out with  friends over drinks and food.  . . I would definitely come back on another trip into town, but maybe call in and order take away.  I'm not sure I could deal with that atmosphere at the end of a long day of travel again when all I want is to relax and enjoy a little peace.
Delicious, hearty, cheap eats on the way to the airport or when you're in the Tempe area.. . Pasties are a British calzone-type food. I had the Shepherd's Pie and it was delicious. The beers are very inexpensive and quite worldly for Tempe, AZ. Even though their outdoor area is in a parking lot, it was pleasant and quiet on a Sunday evening.
Amazing flavors and extremely unique the only down side was the 45 min I had to wait after I ordered my food at 4pm.
I have had several pasties and they were all good. They have a good beer list with huge mugs available. I like the classic rock that they play, and the dive-bar atmosphere.
Yes please!. . Again, on business travel my boss and I went here right after landing at 10pm on a Monday night.  I was starving and tired and this place was awesome!  Total dive, great beers on tap, and the pasty are phenomenal.  Hot pockets on steroids!  Great variety; vegetarian, Indian masala, chicken pot pie, cheese steak.  Total guy place if you ask me - but plenty of ladies inside :)  You eat with your hands, the beers are enormous and it looks like it frat house inside.. . I will be going back to the Cornish Pasty every time I come to Tempe.
Wow! I fell in love with this place as soon as I saw the beer menu. So many great beers on tap, poured in 32 ounce frosty steins. . . The menu has so many choices that it is hard to decide what to get. I ordered The Pilgrim. My incorrect assumption was that the pasties would be heavy, doughy concoctions. In fact, the pastry itself is very light and flaky. The filling consisted of turkey, stuffing, and sweet potato. Imagine the best day-after-Thanksgiving sandwich you have ever tasted and you would have The Pilgrim. It came with a side of whole cranberry sauce and light gravy to smother all over the yumminess. Most importantly, it was obvious that the ingredients were fresh. No canned potatoes and gravy here. . . The ONLY reason I do not rate this establishment with "5-stars" is because I want to try more items on the menu but if the rest of the food tastes like what I consumed today, I will raise it up.
I finally went here to eat after hearing a lot of hype. It's good, but not amazing. The food is tasty, but I was not blown away. However, for $9, you can't go wrong. I will be back.
Awesome beer at low prices $1 off happy hour reg 32 oz beer 8 bucks no wonder everyone loves this place.  We tried the oggy and the cheese and onion.  I love the cheese and onion and would get it again.
This place really is doing it right.  The pastys are tasty and large.  Service is friendly, but can be a little slow when the place is packed (Mesa location).  They recently expanded so I'm hopeful that they can keep up witht he added capacity.
Awesome location, both in Chandler/Mesa border and also the Tempe Location... . . 1st experience in about 2008 in tempe.. Lil crowded for lunch, but well worth it went a few times, then in 2010 experience Chandler/Mesa Newly opened, great look and roomy even though still packs the place, but what do you expect for the great food. Finally made it back out to the tempe location and WOW, they renovated and definitely more room, and guess what ? yes Crowded still.. . . I have tried almost every Non-Vegetarian Pasty, and loved them ALL. . . Favorites are, Cheese Steak, Steak and cheese, Pepper Steak and the Adovada.. . . 1 That i didn't like was a misplaced order on a very busy day and ended up somehow with shepherds pie pasty,, thinking that all the pasty's are great,, cant go wrong,, but should have known as i don't like any shepherds pie that it may be a bad call to keep it... lesson learned. . . Working in area and hitting this place about once a week.. . Keep up the great work !!!. . OHHHH and the BEER..... great selection,, i suggest the RAJ IPA
I know they are known for their pasties, but the Chicken Tikka Salad is delish!   We've tried the Portabello, The Italian, The Bangers and Mash -- all are yummy.  The staff is always friendly.  We've had opportunity to sit at the bar, at the tables, and at the bar near the kitchen.   It's fun all the way around.
Laid back deliciousness.  Comfort food for the soul.  Great beer selection.
Yummy!
When you're in the mood for fresh homemade turnovers pasties head over to the Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe which is right next door to Rosita's Fine Mexican Food. Once you arrive you will notice two entrances the one to your right is the original restaurant with bar stools. And the entrance to your left is the new addition that has a bar and table seating..  . Since all of the pasties are made from scratch be patient you will wait 30 minutes for your order but they are so worth it. All of the pasties come with a side sauce or dressing ranging from red wine gravy, mint yogurt, tzatziki, tahini, to peppercorn brandy cream sauce.. . Since I love spicy food I normally get the Carne Adovada or the Cajun Chicken. . . Carne Adovada $9.50. Simmered pork in New Mexican red chili stew, Mexican rice, hatch chilies and cheddar. With a side of sour cream and salsa.. . Cajun Chicken $9.00. Spicy cajun chicken breast, bacon, ham and Swiss. With a side of chipotle sauce.
First time eating Pasties and I'm impressed! Quite the local favorite. :). .  I had the pepper steak pasty and it did not disappoint. Pepper steak pasty was very filling but not large in terms of portion (it must have been all that starch from the baked bread). The various ingredients were fresh and right out of the oven hot. There were some nice mushrooms, peppers, and onions that complimented the pasties very well. The pasty may have been a little too salty for me but it was still delicious. . . Another notable item was the oven chips. They were very delicious with its combination of flavor with the garlic and jalapenos. The ketchup that came along with the oven chips seems to be very fresh rather than using a bottle of Heinz. . . Overall, a good impression from eating here after a long day on the road to Tempe.
I went here for lunch yesterday and didn't have any trouble parking or getting a table. Not sure if that is because it was the middle of the day... or if its because its summer and so no students were around. Anyway, they have the same awesome food as the other location so I was well satisfied! This time I ordered the bangers and mash and it was fantastic. I love the red wine gravy dipping sauce. Soooo good!
The food is absolutely outstanding, service is bad. Worth it for that pasty though. My advice? Get it to go and have a picnic in the park just north of the place ;). . Also they're mixed drinks always seem a bit light too... stick with the drafts.
Got the Lamb Vindaloo and a beer. I love lamb, but I don't love spicy. It was a little spicy for me, but still delicious. . . GET THE LEEK SOUP. Amazingggg.
The "lil bit o salmon" is off the chain! Hearty and delicious! Service is always welcoming and the desserts are awesome! I hate that it gets so crowded at lunch - but thats what happens when you serve up solid food for decent prices!. . You have to try this place, definitely a hidden gem in Tempe!
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our one year anniversary of our first date (which was also at cornish pasty :)). A year ago when I came hear I loved the ambiance and three dollar car bombs! However, I ordered the pasty my boyfriend recommended that had mashed potatoes (i hate mashed potatoes) due to first date jitters, so I could not appreciate how amazing the food is here. This time around I ordered the Greek Chicken Pasty and was blown away!! The dough is amazing and I was extremely pleased with my pasty. I would recommend this place to anyone!
I have been here twice for lunch, once on my own and once with a co-worker and I enjoyed the food experiences both times but the atmosphere...well...it could use some help.. . Visit #1: I bellied up to the counter so I could eat while watching the kitchen staff put together some of the dessert pasties. I ended up also sitting next to the manager or owner who was cracking away on his laptop. I didn't mind though, the building was small and he might not have an office to work in. My main issue with the ambiance is just how dark it is in there, it is almost like a seedy bar with really low hanging lights over the tables that emit very little light.. . On this run, I tried the Rosemary Chicken pasty and it was awesome. Thechicken was perfectly seasoned, the peppers tasted great and the potatoes were spot on. It was like eating a handheld rosemary chicken pot pie, but better. i wasn't a big fan of the mustard sauce, but the pasty was perfectly good on its own.. . Visit #2: My coworker and I sat at a table that eventually got half-occupied by another large work group. It was a little distracting and the table situation should really be worked on, but I didn't see it as a big problem nor did my coworker.. . This time around I tried the Oggie, a traditional pasty with steak, potatoes, onions, and swede with the red wine gravy. I've had some pasties in my time, but this was spot on and very tasty.. . I will definitely be visiting again, though I will probably stick to eating at the bar...
This place is awesome!! If you have never been here then you are missing out. We absolutely loved the food. Of course it is not a light meal, but hey what do you expect by the pictures you see. We also had their dessert and it was fabulous. The restaurant definitely has some interesting group style seating but it is definitely unique. I am sure we will be back here again before we leave the Phoenix area.
This is not the normal type of restaurant I would go to but I was dragged there by my wifey and I was pleasantly surprised. First off, they have real good selection of pasties... and for that I mean empanada type hot pockets w/ all kinds of different items. . The Good, I had the rosemary chicken pasty and potato wedges. The server was very friendly and on top of things for us. Parking was also a breeze. . The bad: The ambiance was absolutely horrible. It was pitch black and hard to maneuver. The layout was great but too dark to enjoy. The service was great for us but the table next to us was ignored for a long time. Lastly the potato chips were pretty bad. Not sure why the wedges were so good but these weren't edible. . Lastly the bill was not as painful as other places I have been dragged to so I will be back.
Service is slow and has gotten worse since expanding. Food variety is great and the boutique Pastys are very filling.
Good variety of pasties and drink. A bit small, so not much elbow room. One of my favorite places in Tempe for lunch. Pretty noisy and packed later in the evenings.  A good change of pace if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for lunch or dinner.
Mmmmmm.  Is all I have to say.  Their pasty's are the best I have ever had.  I took my sister here when she came into town, and she loved it!  Can't get enough!
Cornish Pasty is delicious! They recently expanded the floorplan to accommodate  larger groups, and now have an outdoor patio for cooler nights. The food is simple but delicious, filing but not super greasy. I love the classic pasty just since the rutabega is prepared with just a tiny hint of crunch left,  just the way I like it. And the dipping sauce is awesome. I wish they would bottle that stuff and sell it. Only downsides are the really, squinty dark interior at night, and the wobbly recycled pew benches. Staple those shits down, guys! Otherwise, a super awesome place with kickass food.
I have visited this place only once. From outside, I was not able to guess since the windows were blacked. This restaurant is long and narrow. Tables are cramped, but that does not dilute the experience.. . Food is good, love it. Their food also contains Tikka Masala variants (this taste is still debated whether it originated in England or Indian subcontinent). My overall experience was great. Looking forward to visit it again.
Really liked the Thanksgiving dinner one! Will come back
Tried this place for the first time.. Yes I'm in love and I plan to try more items on the menu. I came later at night so it was a bit dark and loud from me. Hard to have a conversation with a soft voice, but eassssy to stuff your face with delicious pasties!
This place is really fun and eclectic.  The servers look like a mix between hipsters and homeless, but the food is amazing and the service is fantastic.  I felt right at home and will definitely be back.
I thought pasties were those patches that cover a woman's nipples, but in this case they refer to a raised semicircular comestible made in the tradition of Cornish miner's lunches. After seeing all the Yelp reviews, I had to make it to Cornish Pasty Company. Great options for vegetarian and carnivore alike. Great beer selection on tap. Service here was great, the staff seemed to genuinely want to make it great. They definitely have a system here to serve up all these pasties, from freezer to fridge to oven, but the end product was still fresh and served piping hot. A unique experience, and definitely worth a visit. Now where in Phoenix can I find the other type of pasties?
Very unique place to eat.  Has a little bit of everything.  Definitely try it!
Wonderful meat pies!  Reminded me of New Zealand!  Tasty and lots of food!  Will be a regular stop and I go through Phoenix!
This is a funky little place with awesome comfort food and nice service.  If you're into light, this is not the place for you.  Think more underground cafe.  The food is homemade and delicious.  But seriously, dessert.  I had the banoffee.  There's not much better in the world than that.  I would have to say that this place might even be a good reason to live in Arizona.
Very hipster, but the pasties make it worth coming back. It's tough to stray from my go to: The Pilgrim (it's like thanksgiving in your mouth everyday of the year). They have over 20 different varieties to choose from though, so it's sure to please the entire group.. . TIP: Wash it down with one (or two or more) 3 dollar Irish Car Bombs all day everyday
Stopped by for lunch on a Friday...decent crowd for a late lunch.  Had the Adovada Pasty and it was very good.  Could have been a little hotter, but the flavor was good.  Salsa is homemade and very good.  CJ, the bartender was very nice and helpful too.
I've had take out from Cornish Pasty a couple times the latest was the most incredible Pilgrim pasty stuffed with Turkey, sweet potatoes, onion, cranberry and complete with a wine sauce for dipping, made you feel like you had a warm Thanksgiving dinner, minus the pumpkin pie. Then after reading Preston's ROTD the fabulous Monica J sent me an invite for lunch to our closest location. The restaurant is a bit dark but inviting and our waitress Jenny got us served up in no time.(greatly appreciated on a worktime lunch hour) I ordered the Bangers and Mash Pasty, homemade pork with sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions and potatoes and more wine gravy on the side, not enough to make you tipsy but it does leave you feeling warm and fuzzy like good comfort food should. If you're looking to satisfy your appetite with warm comfort food, this is the place! Top notch pasties everytime!
Pasties are awesome with a wide selection. Food takes a long time, even the appetizers.But with a large selection of draft beer, with a drink in hand, time is never a problem among friends.  . I grew up in Michigan and was born in the UP of Michigan. I grew up eating Pasties. These are fricking good....
Finally had the chance to stop in here for lunch and was not disappointed. Arrived right when they opened and was the first one to get served. Sweet!. . This location is definitely set up with the college kids in mind. Inside is very dark with black painted ceiling tiles and walls. Looks like the basement of a really old bar or maybe even a coal mine. Great place to gather up with the crew and down a few pints and then chow down on some tasty grub.. . Their west side entrance has a long sit down bar with a few small tables and is rather cramped. The east side entrance has more of a full seating area with additional bar seating. Recommend using the east side one unless you are going undercover and need a quick escape.. . Started with a cup of Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton soup. It came with bread and butter and was very good. Ordered the Peppered Steak Pasty which is filled with Sirloin Steak, sauteed Portobello Mushrooms, Leeks, roasted Zucchini, and Stilton Bleu Cheese. It also came with a side of yummy Peppercorn Brandy Cream sauce.. . Everything was very satisfying. There are so many different versions of what they can make. Lamb, Chicken, Pork, Beef, and Veggie are just some of the fillings. I suppose you could make a check list and try them all. Hmmm?. . Don't forget some Dessert if you still have room. Can't wait to explore more of their delicious menu. Would probably go to the new Scottsdale location or the Mesa one on my next visit. Same great food with more lighting and better suited for a blind old fogey like me. PARTY ON TEMPE!. . 3.75 STARS
The food at Cornish Pasty is unique, freshly made, and delicious! For the vegetarians, I highly recommend The Greek ($8.50) and the Balsalmic Portobello ($9) - both are flaky, delicious and oh so flavorful! My mates enjoy the more traditional meat and gravy pasties and rave about The Oggie (steak + potatoes) and The Royale with Cheese so there's something for everyone and you really can't go wrong!. . Service. Very attentive and friendly. Relaxed yet polite servers. The waiter kept a close eye on our beverages and offered refills on our water. I'm always concerned going with a large group to dinner about the check because rarely do I carry extra cash and some restaurants make a fuss about splitting checks. Thankfully, splitting checks isn't an issue at Cornish Pasty. Our server happily complied with our request without batting an eye. The service was excellent so we were fine leaving a little extra gratuity since it made splitting the bill easier. Our waiter was jubilant over the slightly more than 20% gratuity, which just underscores that this is not one of those fancy, pretentious restaurants that expects a generous tip. . . Physical space. Beware: The restaurant is NOT visible from street when driving down University. When I finally found the restaurant around the corner and walked up, the windows were black and it appeared as if it was closed. Fret not - it IS in fact open! Apparently the restaurant also recently expanded and friends who had visited the restaurant previously were impressed with the remodel. The bathroom was the one place that suggested more of a pub and college feel. On the bathroom walls I found strange graffiti art. Some inscriptions may have been written by Lady Gaga during her carnivorous costume days or a confused co-ed (e.g., "I am meat"). In any event, once you find the hidden restaurant delicious pasties and friendly service are just a few steps away!
good
I've heard a ton of buzz about this place around the main campus but never gave it a try until last weekend. The atmosphere in there is really interesting; walls and windows are painted black, good music with all different types playing.. . The staff are very friendly, professional, and fun. I like that instead of wearing uniforms or name tags like most places, they are encouraged to wear normal street clothes which I think gives the place a moreto comfortable relaxed atmosphere.. . Great selection of draft beers on hand behind the bar. I gave the meat and cheese a try, and was not disappointed! Really good combination of sausage and cheddar cheese inside a pastry. I will be visiting that place more often now for sure!
A co-worker and myself decided to make this our last lunch before Christmas stop.  And while I have been here a couple of times before . . . I noticed that I had never written a review.. . I had The Royale with Cheese a side of their British Style Baked Beans, and a Boddington . . . the pasty as always was out of this world, hot, juicy, cheesy, and full of flavor . . . the beans were a disappointment, dry, lacking in flavor, however, very spicy . . . the beer was a little on the warm side and had to let it rest before I would drink it.. . Ultimately, you come for the pasties, and as always they were great . . . with a little work on the other two items . . . five stars is easily attainable . . . and yes . . . this place is as always is definitely on the I WILL BE BACK list.
I live pretty close to this location and haven't done a new review in a couple of year so, to start the new year, let me just say that the Cornish Pasty Company is still a great place to go have a delicious pasty and some suds. They have a nice collection on tap and even more beers, I believe, in the bottle. I like that you can watch the food prep opera at the bar as they are continually putting together new pasties to keep up the supplies or, one of my new favorites, when the weather is nice, sit at the outside patio to enjoy the cool weather and the piped out music, which is audible but not overpowering.. . My favorite pasties, which are a welsh savory pastry, are:. . The Peppered Steak. The Greek (vegetarian). . I'm also a big fan of their incredibly fresh house salads with pesto dressing - a regular is good enough for two people or half works for a single serving. I understand there are now locations in Mesa and Old Town Scottsdale but this was the original location and dare I say it, still my favorite. Worth checking out if you are looking for a place with good food and good beer, and people watching is always fun due to the location close to the University, it has a significant bohemian vibe and though I'm not a hipster (too old and too fat), it is fun to mingle with the more visible members of the creative class that Richard Florida writes about.
