I made a last-minute trip to Vegas with my family a few weeks ago, and THEhotel gave us a great rate for 3 suites, which included late checkout, $100 spa credit and an all-day buffet pass.  The associate over the phone also honored an expired discount code, which was very nice of them.  . . This hotel is attached to the Mandalay Bay but is a little nicer and has a more boutique feel.  The lobby is very chic, and the rooms are large.  The standard THEsuite is a true suite in that it has a separate living room and bedroom.  It can also easily sleep 4.  Some of the cons were the generic toiletries, no free coffee in the room and a slow valet, but these were minor issues given the price we paid.  . . As for the Mandalay itself, the hotel has seen better days, but we still had a great time here.  We spent a lot of time gambling at the blackjack tables and all of the dealers were extremely friendly.  Many also remembered us and greeted us by name over the course of the weekend. At the end of our stay, our food bill  and one night's stay were comped by the hotel, so that made it even better.  . . Overall, THEhotel is a great alternative to some of the other bigger, 4-5 star hotels on the strip, and I would definitely return.
I like this hotel for two reasons: Mix Lounge on the 64th floor (amazing views) and Fleur by Hubert Keller, the french tapas place (delicious). . . I haven't stayed here so I can't comment on the rooms, but if you're looking for a place to stay, you'll be definitely be surrounded by good places to hang out and eat.
so this is where the sexy ladys stay...
Love this place,  and try to stay here when I visit vegas,  especially when I get it comped...   Awesome suites,  nice bedrooms,  nice bathrooms,  nice living area,  TV's are a bit dated,  that,  and a far walk to the MB casino being the only downside...  like the out of the way entrance/exit also...  Mix and and Burger bar are two excellent spots on the property,  so I only leave to go out at night,   MB/ TheHotel not being such a big nightclub hotel...
Stayed here for 3 nights, and I would say the hotel was excellent.. . During check-in, I was upgraded to a corner V-Suite. The room was beautiful! It was very, very spacious, and the view was incredible. Both the living room and the bed room had nice flat-screen TVs. Even the bathroom had a small TV. The bathroom was also very spacious and the tub was very nice.. . I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. I've stayed at a few different hotels in Vegas, and I would rate THEhotel, just slightly below the Venetian. However the V-Suite room that we had at THEhotel is bigger and has a separate bedroom (which Venetian doesn't have).. . The staff at this hotel was also very helpful. Overall, this was a very nice hotel.
4.5 stars....the only reason it's not a solid 5 is because of the handicap accessible bathrooms.  We were given the option of a King bed with a handi bathroom or 2 Doubles with a "regular" bathroom.  We're married, we always opt for a King.  OMG the handi accessible is horrible!!  Get the 2 Doubles instead!. . This is the 2nd time we've stayed at THE Hotel.  Love it!  It is a little piece of peace within walking distance of Vegas.  The staff of the hotel are amazing......friendly and helpful. 5 Stars.  And it smells good!
This is my go-to Hotel in Las Vegas. The suites are big and have 2 bathrooms. Nicely furnished in a subdued neutral color palette.. I'm surprised I forgot to review this place before--have stayed here so many times! It is nice to be close to Mandalay for the Sports Book or convention but I like that THEhotel is quiet. The Mandalay Beach & Spa are great and I use them every time I stay there.
I stayed here with my brother and my boyfriend for my 21st and my bf's 30th birthdays. We wanted to stay somewhere near to HardRock since that's where we would be partying at. TheHotel was a perfect choice since it's just a couple turns down the road. . . The local discount that Mandalay Bay was running at the time is what got me to chose this hotel. We paid $145 for THEsuite, which is 725 sq. ft with a living area and a 1/2 bathroom (great price for a Saturday)! It even included $25 dining credit, 2 passes to Mix, and bogo for the aquarium. This definitely appealed to me since I was expecting my two sisters to join us, making a total of 5 people (2 couples on the queen beds and a single on the couch). It's pretty hard to find a room on the strip that can fit that many people without having to pay for an adjoining room. We did, however, have to pay a $20 resort fee, which gives you these benefits: in-room wireless internet, cardio center access, daily newspaper, local and 800-number calls, outgoing faxes, boarding pass printing, plus a coupon good for 2 free well drinks per room per stay at select casino bars. It does sound like a lot, but come on, who really uses these "benefits." Definitely not me, especially when I only booked this room so I'd have a place to pass out in after a night of drinking and partying. . . When I entered the room, a huge smile came across my face. This room was gorgeous and oh so roomy! The colors are nice and dark, which makes it look very sheek. The beds are so comfy! It was fun to be able to jump from one bed to the other, over and over again! The bathroom was nice, not too crazy or anything. The shower looked a lot more appealing than the bathtub. It was so spacious, with a rain shower head and glass walls. Unfortunately I didn't get to try it out, since half the time we were in such a rush. But I did get to bag all the little toiletries like the shampoo, body balm, soap, and body wash. They even had shoe polish and a sewing kit! I scored big in this room! Yes yes, I know I'm a little ghetto.... . A little while after arriving, I noticed my brother screwing around with the goodies at the bar. He picked up the M&Ms and a coffee cup and I kind of freaked out a little! The menu says those are about 10 bucks each or something. I could be wrong, but we all know that shizz is expensive. There was also a little note by the tray that said it has a motion censor and anything picked up will automatically be charged! I showed that to my bro and he felt kinda bad. Then he started picking up the tray to figure out how this "motion" detector works. There's absolutely nothing underneath or around it and it feels like a solid piece of wood. We ended up not being charged for anything at all, so that snack bar is a little questionable. However, I did find it a little amusing that they had a "LoveKit." I'm sure it just had some lube, condoms, and maybe wet wipes? All your basic necessities for a whopping 30 bucks!. . I guess my only two complaints are the resort fee and the quality of the tv. When I woke up in the morning, I turned on the tv and boy did that shizz have the worst resolution! It wasn't that big of a deal though, since I didn't stay there to watch tv all day. . . All in all, I'd love to stay here again and I highly recommend it! Very beautiful, spacious, and comfy room.
Another great "mini" hotel located in the Mandalay Bay resort.  . . Oddly enough, I've had the opportunity to stay at both THEhotel and the Four Seasons here, but not at Mandalay Bay itself. I am not anxious, however, to remedy that.  One of the disadvantages of large hotels is dealing with the crowds. No, thank you. I'm already going to have to deal with it when I go out or go shopping, and I dont want to subject myself to that any more than necessary.. . This hotel consists of all suites, decorated in a darker, modern palette of browns and creams.  I stayed in a one bedroom suite; there was a king bed in the bedroom and a spacious living area.  . . There is a restaurant in the lobby (dont recall the name), that serves brunch, lunch, and dinner.  The hotel uses the sameMandalay Bay pool area, which was a bit of a dissapointment. I had hoped that (like the Four Seasons), that THEhotel would have its own, separate pool area. Just another way to feel exclusive =).. . THEhotel is definitely a younger, sexier counterpart to the more elegant Four Seasons located nearby.  I would recommend either of these places over Mandalay Bay itself.
If you walk into this place from the bright sun...it may take a moment for your eyes to adjust. Its a very low lit subtle environment but once you get used to it you realize that its also just a small addition to the Mandalay. . . Service is top notch and the rooms are great. Comfortable beds and the suites have plenty of room. I have to say that I ended up spending little time in the living room area as it was set up. . . The hotel has a lobby bar (with pool table!) which was nice but the bar tenders seemed like they had better things they could have been doing with their time. There's a place to grab a snack, a restaurant and then Mix. Mix is the place to go if you have the time/money. . . Mandalay is a short walk from the elevators and still felt like you were part of the action there and not separated  as some other Hotels such as Planet Hollywood and the PH Towers make you feel (you have to walk about 10 minutes from the Towers to get to the PH Casino).  . . I definitely stay here again as I would be happy not leaving the hotel.
We came to Vegas and stayed here for the first time.  . . Pros:. 1. Elegant. 2. Modern. 3. Big rooms (We stayed in the suite). 4. Close proximity to the casino and bars/restaurants. 5. Big bathrooms . 6. Great staff. . Cons:. 1. The casino (Mandalay Bay) was pretty bright and intense.  I preferred the Luxor's laid back atmosphere much more, but the good thing is that the casinos are attached. . 2. They were a little slow with the housekeeping / room service. . Overall, a great place to stay.  We usually stay at the Venetian, but this place held its own for half the price. I am definitely staying here next time.
I went at the end of February for 2 nights and 3 days.  Only paid about $300 for both nights (weekends).  Great price.. . Pros:. -Room: Very spacious.  The bathroom was huge.  It had a very nice large tub where you can fit two people comfortably and also a shower next to it.  Room service was great but it I was on hold for at least 5 minutes to request extra towels.  Other than that, they delivered it within a good time frame.  The bed was very comfortable.  . . -Spa: We went to the spa on the second floor and it was beautiful in there.  They had three jacuzzi (cold, warm and hot water), dry sauna, and two steam sauna.  You also got free beverages, robes, and towels.  The cost was only $25 for the entire day.  Extremely relaxing after a long day.  . . -Service: Taxi was on time as always.  The bellman was extremely nice and gave us some tips about taxi & bus.  . . Cons:. -Room: The lighting wasn't great.  The room itself was dark so when us girls had to apply makeup, the only place we could have done it is in the bathroom because the bedroom and living room was so dim.  Some of the lights in our room was out also.  Not only, the shower head wasn't . clean, you can see a lot of dust there.. . -Spa: It closed at 8pm =(
I was here a week before Christmas in 2008. . . The room was BEAUTIFUL. I can't remember which kind of suite (V suite perhaps?) I was in but it was definitely very spacious, fancy, and the best part was the bathroom. Huge hot tub plus a separate shower stall. We had an amazing view from the bedroom. I can't say much more since we didn't spend much time in our hotel. But the restaurant down at the lobby was delicious.
62 Floor Penthouse room was amazing...food awesome....getting my wife's pocketbook stolen with your license put a damper...when we found out that 3 cell phones were stolen from Eye Candy lounge had been reported in the last 7 days we wondered WHY?  It is so dark in there..that is why.... . While leaving a guy screamed at me "Someone just stole 5k from me in"  Needless to say be careful...Professional thieves stalk these areas knowing conventions and easy going folks frequent these high end hotels...overall enjoyed the experience and staff.....
all suite hotel. very  "W" type. Parking lot right in front of lobby. no casino
THE Hotel is beautiful.  The staff was very friendly and always willing to help and answer questions.  If you looked lost or looked like you were looking for something, someone offered their assistance.  The rooms are very nice.  In fact; they are so nice that at times I didn't want to leave.. . Once thing that my wife and I find paramount to deciding whether I like a room or not is the bed.  If the bed is uncomfortable I will not go back to the hotel.  The beds at THE Hotel are very comfortable.  This is a hotel that I will stay in again.
THEhotel was very nice.. . Before I start this review, let me preface it by saying that my family and I have been making yearly trips to Vegas since I was in Kindergarten (I'm now 26 as of writing this review). As I got older, I stopped going because it was boring just going with family.. . Anyway, I was obligated to go this time because I had to attend my grandmother's funeral (I have a lot of family that lives in Vegas now).. . The hotel room was really nice. My parents, my brother, and my sister slept in the bedroom. I took the couch in what I guess would be the living room, which was actually pretty comfortable. What I really like was that the curtains were pretty much blackout curtains. When closed, the room was completely darkened.. . What I didn't like, though, was Internet access. They do have free ethernet/Wi-Fi, but in our room on the 15th floor, the signal was extremely weak, when it even showed up at all. The only other option was to use the retractable ethernet cable on the desk. Well, the problem with that was the ethernet cable didn't work. I decided to take my knife out and pop out the ethernet cable plugged into that unit, and plug directly into the wall. That worked fine.. . What is also a bummer is that neither of the two toilets had active vent fans. There's just a small, passive vent in the wall. Not gonna lie, I left a couple bombs in there and I wish there was a way to evacuate the air quickly. No chance.. . I guess the other bummer is that you're pretty much at the beginning of the strip. Can't exactly pop out real quick to check out the other hotel/casinos, unless you want to limit yourself to the Luxor and Excalibur.
I've always wondered what it was like to stay at THEhotel.  I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay and that was pretty nice but the s/o said that THEhotel is the bomb.  Hmm...is it really?  As much as I hate to say this, yeah it was pretty awesome!. . During our last adventure to Vegas, I made reservations to stay here.  I like how the hotel is secluded, not talking about it's location on the Strip, but the location of the front desk and elevators.  It's like, if you're walking through there, you're a hotel guest otherwise, you're really lost.  When checking in, there was a long line, ehh, every Vegas hotel has a line, no biggie.  When I got to the desk, this handsome but cocky Twink checked me in.  (That's not derogatory because I'm allowed to say "Twink" as I was one years ago. :) )  Gurrrl, I mean, duuude, you can tell that he and the other desk agents check in hundreds of people a day so, you're pretty much dealing with a robot that has his schpeel down, no genuine small talk here; unfortunately, you're a number, not a guest.  (That's where my -1 star went.). . The elevator bank had 6-7 elevators but the cabs were quite small, thankfully they don't stop at every floor otherwise we were screwed.. . When we got to the room, I mean, THEsuite, it was exactly how it looked like online.  A living room area w/half bath and wet bar, a bedroom and a bathroom with a stand-in shower, soaking tub, dual vanity and a private toilet.   THEsuite  wasn't elegant like the Venetian or plush as the Wynn but it was more trendy, if anything.  Now I can see why the s/o liked it, the decor were dark woods and clean lines.  The bed was quite comfortable and the bath amenities were awesome.  I didn't like however when our room was serviced, they replaced all our bath amenities which were barely used, with brand new ones.  IMO, that was quite wasteful.. . Speaking of which, around 12pm we were in the room a housekeeping representative called to see if we wanted our room serviced, because we had the Do Not Disturb sign illuminated.  I asked her what was the latest and she said the housekeepers go home at 4pm.  What?  For such a large hotel, you won't have one or two housekeepers on duty beyond that time?  SMH.. . Beyond the little quirks in service I encountered, they're quite easily to overlook and yes, I can honestly say that I'd stay here again!
The hotel is amazing, it has fantastic suites and amenities for the price we paid.  The fact it is isolated from the casino noise was a nice perk as well and the interior was beautiful.  . . The only problem we had is we left some credit cards and important items in the safe after we checked out.  I called the front desk, lost and found, house keeping.  Everyone viewed it as someone else's problem which is scary that our personal items were there and could have been locked in that safe forever.  I was very nice about it, but finally had to become a raging b*tch in order to get anyone to listen to me and go get them out of the room safe we had used.
I 'v stayed at so many hotels in Vegas, I want to write a review about THE hotel, cause this is one of my favorites. . . This hotel is located right next to Mandalay bay, it is casino and smoke FREE! I am allergic to cigarettes, I can't stand the smell, in Vegas , too much smoke everywhere. but at THE hotel, I can totally relax. :)The decor is very classic and beautiful, its not big, but it is very nice, cozy and comfy. . . We had THE suite, its a one bedroom suite, about 750 sf, its a big suite. living room with power room and mini fridge filled with refreshments, working desk, TV, big comfy couch and chair. bed room with comfy king bed, big closets, in room safe. bath room with Whirlpool bathtub, separate shower, and toilet. this suite is like a luxury apartment, it makes you feel so ''at home''. Unlike other hotel house keeping service, you call house keeping at your convenience, I love that, very smart! . . MIX lounge is located at 64th floor of THE hotel, its not a very big lounge, but it has the best view, the view is just amazing, overlook the entire strip. have a few cocktails in the balcony, enjoy the beautiful skyline of the strip, what a night... :) There is no cover charge for THE hotel guests. . . To me, THE hotel is just perfect for my Vegas stay. I like to relax in my suite during the day, sleep till noon, order room service brunch, take a warm bubble bath to wake up, and watch some TV. Get ready in the late afternoon for dinner, or have a few drinks at MIX lounge to set the mood for a whole night hard partying. :) . . Beautiful, clean and quiet hotel to relax, lots of entertainments and restaurants at Mandalay bay next door. Very good choice for a romantic weekend getaway, nice suite for intimate times, how sexy is that. :)
I was very please with my stay here at THE Hotel, in THE Suite. If you stay here make sure you say THE in front of everything, it sounds more funny AND more sophisticated that way. :). . Everytime I walked into the lobby it smelled like a spa. Gorgeous white flowers on the table as you walk in. This hotel is so clean, it really doesn't feel like vegas. Also, if you have allergies or a non-smoker it's nice to have some relief from the smoke here. . . While the Mandalay Bay casino is just out the door, it was always nice to come home to our hotel and not have to wind our way through a casino floor. Quick access to the elevator. THE suites were amazing, two bathrooms, which came in handy with 4 girls staying there. Great sitting room cmplete with mini bar and sink. It was nice to fill the sink with ice to chill our champaigne while getting ready. Just an ice bucket doesn't cut it. . . The only drawback is the taxi line here, which is underground. We waited quite a while each time for a taxi. The other hotels which have above ground taxi lines seem to be a bit more accessible and get more taxi traffic. Despite that, I'll definitly stay here again.. . On a side note, we were celebrating my friend's bachlorette and birthday party, so before our stay I ordered a red velvet pink-themed bday cake from the hotel to be delivered sat night.  I didin't know what to expect, but the cake was one of the best I've even had. Five layers of red velvet with chcoclate moose and whipped cream icing. Super cute zebra patterns cut out of dark chcoclate with pink accents on the cake. The cake was only about $50 for an 8 inch round, but with so many layers it goes very far, and they bring the cake in on a table with plates and forks and napkins. So worth the money!
Solid hotel. Free wifis. Will go back for sure.
Stayed here for the last night of our trip to Vegas and decided to spring for something a little "extra" nice to go all out.. . The clerk who checked us in was SO nice and the lobby looks and SMELLS so nice (which when most casinos smell like cigarettes, it was nice to enter something fresh).  It was also nice to have all the "How Can I Help You?" people in the lobby.. . We were upgraded to a 1 bedroom with strip views, which was awesome.  The room was a little disheveled; but I'll take it considering it was an upgrade.  The bathrooms were SUPER nice and the beds were really comfy.  . . We spent the afternoon by the pool (not too crowded, though I wish there was an adults only section without a cover).  The drinks were standard, but yummy.  Good deal on $5 chips with 3 kinds of dips.. . We ate at Border Grille; which was AWESOME. . . My only complain was that around 1 everything was shut down. I wanted some fro-yo, or a drink at Mix, but was sad that all that was left open was EyeCandy, which I thought had bartenders with bad attitudes.. . All in all, can't complain about the actual facilities.  Would love to make this a regualr stay for my Vegas vacays.
Stayed here twice and it became one of my favorite hotel at Vegas, even though it's not new and fancy comparing to the hotels at The City Center. It has a smaller crowd, which I like when playing table games. The Suites are clean and spacious. Love the Beach pool.
I really liked staying at this hotel. We had an excellent room. It is very classy and chill compared to the other Vegas casinos. Clean, quiet, modern - like a boutique hotel on steroids. I would prefer to be even more central on the Strip (e.g. Caesar's). Late night we spent too much time at the Luxor - b/c that was our only walkable choice (other than Excaliber).
Stayed here for the first time a couple weeks and LOVED it!. . The best part of THE Hotel is that you feel like you're elsewhere.. there are no slot machines in the lobby or check-in area, no ridiculously long check-in lines, no loud sounds.. and the hotel has it's own parking/valet area to boot.  Evenso, it's very convenient as it's attached to the rest of MBay so just a quick walk down the hall. . . The rooms were amazing... loved the sitting area and having 2 bathrooms was a nice touch. The room was gorgeous and had a lot of nice touches. One of our friends was staying at the Four Seasons and we felt our room was way nicer than their's and they were paying double what we were! . . I wouldn't hesistate to stay here again!
Huge Fan!  I like the fact that this is a true hotel on the strip. Not a casino so if you have never been to The Hotel it's part of the Mandalay Bay complex. Why is The Hotel different  ---  it's a hotel attached to Mandalay Bay hotel. It has a separate entrance. Normally hotel entrance (no gaming, no loud lighting etc.) Very nice interior common areas.. An wonderful chocolate brown wall within their sleeping rooms. Very little noise between rooms. Room Services the food was good. Can be pricey but quality was worth the price. I will be staying with The Hotel again.
Great place!. . Hotel-wise, they had everything you'd need and looked great!. . What I really want to talk about is there pools!!!!  We started at the lazy river one and must have went around in circles for an hour before it got a bit crowded.  Then we headed to the wave pool which is the largest and had a blast just hanging out in there before heading to the super shallow pool to the side (roughly a foot deep) and just sipped on some drinks for a while.  Such a blast!  We almost said screw the plans, lets just stay here!. . Wasnt so crazy about the crowd  though :(  We tried to find a chair to put our stuff down on, but couldnt find even one.  So we ended up grabbing food at the beach grill place right there and it was not very good at all !  Kinda bummed us out even.  Thankfully that was before we went in the pools so the day turned around.  If you go to the pools, go early!
I have been staying here since they opened. I've stayed in a regular suite and the H suite. But the last few times I've checked in I've gotten attitude from the front desk employee's. Every time I ask for a high floor they give me a funny look and always tell me there aren't any available. Every time I come to the hotel!!!! The hotel sends me flyers for lower rates. When I take advantage of them they treat me like crap. Why do you send them?. . I have started staying at The Cosmopolitan and Vdara. I always get a high floor. The rooms are beautiful and the views are unbelievable.. . If The Hotel at Mandalay Bay would remodel their rooms and get more up to date and modern I would come back. I love the boutique feeling of the hotel. Its quiet and I love not having to go through a casino to get to my room. I wish they had their own pool. I don't like walking through the casino to get to a pool. . . The valets and valet location is the best in Las Vegas. Easy in and out.. . If you want a modern boutique hotel I would suggest the Vdara until The hotel gets into the 21st century.
Beautiful Hotel.  ALL the benefits of Mandalay Bay, but you can valet privately, enter the hotel privately......don't have to deal with crowds.  it's the perfect Vegas secret.   :-)
Cannot give the 5th star because of the location.Its at the end of the strip and there is a tram to get you to the hot spots but it can be a pain and does not run all the time.Besides the location this is a great property.I frequent here when I cannot get in the wynn(love the pool) or one of the others that is more central to the strip.Very Contempo decor and all the rooms are suites.You could easily sleep four in one of these rooms and most have 2 baths.The gaming floor is like the rest and there are several good eating places for you.Nice sports bar and many Laker fans so I am happy there !The pool is so so but they do have a European pool(adults) that is nice but you need to get there early as it fills fast.There is a cover for guys but ladies are free.Overall a nice hotel.
Just returned home from a week long stay in Vegas, and staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is truly the way to go. The rooms are great! They are spacious and comfortable. After a long day of walking up and down the strip, it was great to return back and sit in the deep soaking tub! The restaurants in The Hotel are average I would say for the most part. Some have positives and negatives, but overall, this resort is one that I would definetly stay at again. From sitting poolside all day to being out an about I felt good that I was able to go back to such a nice comfortable room. The staff at the hotel are also very helpful with anything you need.
I just love THEhotel.  If you are coming with a group of girls (or guys I guess) THEhotel is a great option.  The large suites will fit plenty of people.  Both times I have been we had 5 girls in a room and it did not feel cramped.  The extra bathroom and sitting area is great for a large group.  . . The bathrooms are very large and updated.  The beds are incredibly comfortable (although any bed after a night at the Vegas clubs is probably comfortable).  It is on the strip, but at one end.  There aren't too many places within walking distance.. . They do have a liquor store across the street that you can walk to.  I also highly recommend Evening Call, the little bar right as you enter the casino floor.  They have great alcoholic slushy drinks that are great while sitting by the pool.  Speaking of the pools that is another aspect of THEhotel that I love.  They have a large wave pool that is always filled with kids and families.  It is great if you like wave pools.  They also have a lazy river that is fun for all ages.  There are a few smaller pools that cater more to the adult crowd.  Then there is also the "toptional" pool that I don't remember the name of.  They have great music and it is definitely adults only.  There is a cover to get into this pool which for guys is quite steep but it is a lot of fun.  . . Overall I would definitely recommend THEhotel especially if you are with a big group.  There are lots of great restaurants nearby.  They have a few fun bars (the view from the Foundation Room is amazing).  And the rooms themselves are great.
Minus one star because the service is hit or miss.  . . Stayed here for 4 nights for a convention I was working. I was managing 32 room reservations for my company including one celebrity VIP. . . THE UGLY:. Boo to this woman named Luisa (?) and this other short extra round chick with long dark hair and clown makeup whose name I didn't catch. Tacky clown make up should have told me what to expect.  Clown girl and Luisa were both rude and so jaded I didn't want to deal with them. How come the ugly ones are ALWAYS the mean ones?  . . THE GOOD:. The rest of the front desk staff I worked with was really great. Special shout to Jessica who rocked it out for my VIP and a gal on the phone named Jordan who was so accommodating when I explained an issue I was having with another reservation. . . Housekeeping was great, I loved my cleaning fairy :). . All suites is a huge plus. Loved the bathtub and I could see that MGM put a lot of thought into the little details and amenities they provide. Love love LOVE the fluffy bathrobes!  That might be my absolute favorite thing in the room. Bed was the perfect balance of firm and fluffy.  Room service menu is a bit scarce though. . . AS A SIDE NOTE:. While Mandalay Bay is on the strip, it's pretty secluded and you'll need to cab it.  To make things easier for you, they've actually done a great job at providing everything on their property so that you won't have to leave it if you don't want to ... casino, massive pool, convenience stores, a decent selection of restaurants and shops ... everything is there.  Geniuses.  I didn't see the sunlight for 5 days.  . . Overall, highly recommend just make sure that when you're checking in your front desk person isn't fugly and you'll have a blast here. :)
All the rooms  are suites and I must admit, I was quite impressed. We had a master bath with soaker tub and  separate shower.  The room and hotel decor were modern, edgy, and white accent flowers were placed in just the right places throughout the hotel to add a soft touch to the dark walls, lighting, and flooring. My reasoning for giving this hotel 4 stars versus 5 was because calling the front desk and getting someone to pick up was impossible. We called several times to get a late checkout and there was no response. Also, the checkout time is 11 am however if you ask for a noon checkout when you're checking in, they will easily accommodate. Apparently if we called the morning of, they could extend to 1 pm without a fee (too bad no one picked up at the front desk) however anything later would cost a 1/2 day rate.
I LOVED staying at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay with my husband. You get all the perks of Mandalay Bay (restaurants, spa, pools, casino, shopping, Shark Reef, Lion King) but you can walk right from the parking garage to the lobby toward your hotel room without walking through the dizzying casino floor.. . We stayed in a one-bedroom suite, and we were really impressed with the room. The master bathroom featured a two-sink vanity, large soaking tub, separate shower, and separate toilet room complete with a TV, phone, and a plethora of clean, white towels. The mattress and accompanying bedding was TO. DIE. FOR. It was like sleeping on a dream!. . We spent a lot of time walking The Strip and visiting all the sights to see of Vegas, but whenever we were in our room, it was a wonderful respite. The super fluffy robes and complimentary room slippers were a really nice touch. I would have bought a robe from the downstairs THE Store (oh, trendy but unnecessary articles) but at $125.00, I figured I could just wear the shit out of the one in my room for the 5 nights I was there.. . I detracted one star because of the limited room service menu, and the concierge screwed up my spa appointments at Spa Mandalay without apology. Even so, I would love to stay here again because it is away from the main hustle and bustle of the Strip (read: quieter, cleaner, classier) and there are enough things to do within THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay to keep you entertained for your entire stay.
beautiful rooms and for awesome prices. i would definately stay here again. Only problem was the construction outside at like 11pm-2am. weird hours to do construction, and it kept me up the first night. But thats the only problem i had.
Pros:. . -Floor to ceiling windows. -Separate living room; one and a half bath. -Humongous tub. -TVs in the living room, bedroom and bathroom. -Very clean and spacious. -The servers in the lobby bar are very kind. . Cons:. -Near the bottom of the strip. You will need to catch a cab or the tram everywhere. . . Although I had a lovely time, I think I will try another hotel closer to the action like Aria.
Really love this hotel!  The large suites are well appointed with big windows, good work space, great bathroom with a tv, and a separate powder room for guests. It was a much more quiet hotel from the others on the strip...which I appreciated. The color palette throughout was beautiful...though a little on the dark side...but very relaxing!  Definitely would come back!
LOVE their wave pool.... . They even have a top less 21 and over section. . The floating pool is nice to float along after one or two sippies...
This is my favorite hotel to say at when I'm in Vegas.  I love the suites.  They are very comfortable and have all of the luxuries you could ask for.  I like the fact you can use your room card to charge everything to your room at a number of the bars and resturants.  I also love the fact you get access to the mandalay beach which is super nice.  I have stayed here many times and this will always be my first choice hotel.
If you're going to rock a name like THEHotel, you better step up. And in most cases, Mandalay does. Not quite to the level of 5-stars, but close. . . THEHotel is the upscale wing of Mandalay... as long as you don't count The Four Seasons, which I imagine is in a whole league of its own. This would be like the W to Mandalay's Westin. A little more hip, swankier, and, well, interesting. The rooms are sleek and decent size - equipped with plush robes, electronic window shades, Bose clock radios, big screen (but not flat screen? Weird!) Tv's, and my room had a big bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The bath products are L'occitane and include bath sugar cubes for the tub. There's no in-room coffee or water and no minibar or fridge, so be prepared for that. . . My room was on the 62nd floor. No, the hotel is not that tall, but for some reason it skips from 38 to 60  in one floor. Never figured out why. Regardless, my desert view room had a rad view out over the flat wasteland that is the SW off-strip. Freeway noise was negligible. . . The staff here is efficient and unlike the front desks at the mega-resort side, there's no cattle-call action. I walked right up to check in and same to check out. Huge plus! Valet is right next tot he desk too so no long-hauls through casinos or anything to get to your destination. And the location off in the corner of the Mandalay complex means less cross-traffic from the hordes. . . An off-night rack rate of $100 (plus all sorts of hidden resort fees) was good for the quality of room and level of hotel class. I'd definitely stay here again if I could get it for a good price. The only sad part was that I was there on business and didn't get to use the pool, which I hear is the best on the strip.
Very nice hotel. The rooms are spacious, clean (they passed the bedbug test), and modern. I would stay here again.. . The televisions could use some updating. The tv's in the bedroom and living area had poor picture and sound quality. They did have a small TV in the ginormous bathroom, which was a plus.. . My boyfriend has a down allergy (we found out the hard way); housekeeping took care of it promptly and switched out the down pillows and comforter with hypo-allergenic bedding. . . The $20/day resort fee seems like a sham but I think most Vegas hotels charge it.
This is the nicer arm of Mandalay Bay "The Hotel"..everything is THE...excellent rooms, clean and classy. We had a junior suite with a little living room and a huge king bed, TVs in every room, even the bathroom. There were 2 bathroom, felt very luxurious. Definite yes on next time!
I lucked up off hotwire.com getting a room at THEhotel (amazingly good deal).  My dude and I were not aware that we were staying on the "Plush" side of this huge hotel.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the room was.. We had a one bedroom suite with two bathrooms.  . . Customer service was good.  We didn't have any issues with our room.  My only complaint is the location of the hotel on the strip.  If you plan to be all over the strip I would not advise THEhotel however I will say that there is LOTS to do in the hotel it self.  Nice nice pool area, club, restaurants, nice casino, spa, The Lion King, you really don't have to leave.  Writing this I'm ready to go back.
Large suites with giant bathrooms. Deep soaking tubs with a waterfall faucet.  I like the second bathroom for guests.  I wasn't a fan of the robes because I prefer the terry cloth ones that absorb the moisture.  . . The hotel area is nice because it takes you away from the sounds of the casino. No slots allowed in this lobby.  . . The lobby bar is nice and quiet - a perfect place to sit and relax before your night out.. . They also have meeting rooms which don't require a major hike to the convention center.  They have boardrooms as well as traditional meeting rooms.  I've chosen THEhotel twice to host our annual meetings.  Their staff is helpful and accommodating.  A bit pricey, but so is every other place in Vegas.
If you're not a fan of the Vegas 'culture,' yet you need to find lodgings on the strip, THEhotel is a worthwhile option.. . You won't have to navigate through casinos to get from the outside to the front desk or your room. And unlike most every other Vegas hotel, THEhotel isn't a theme hotel. No canals with gondolas, or  Parisian side streets, or Egyptian hieroglyphs. The decor is simple, classy and contemporary. The suite was all these, and I daresay masculine in its lack of chintz or camp -- sage and dark brown tones with a smattering of beige. Oh, and an extremely comfortable bed & pillow set, which is a huge perk on my book. . . That said, while it may not have a "theme," the whole THE thing can get a bit overbearing. You scribble notes on THEnotepad, have a workout at THEgym, etc. Ironically, even if the front desk tells you that the proper pronunciation is "the hotel," you may benefit from saying "THEE hotel" to cab drivers and phone-in hotel services etc. if you don't want to repeat yourself. . . My two minor complaints:  I was put in a room which obviously a pet owner inhabited before me (key evidence: a semi-deflated chew toy in the couch cushions. At least I *hope* it was from a pet, which, given the "when in Vegas" mantra may not be a reasonable conclusion.) And, I had asked for a view and was cheerfully offered a "pool view," which was more like a parking lot view. . . Minor issues though. It was nice to have the Mandalay Bay casino so close without it being on the premises, as with their convention and multi-pool accommodations. And the second room/living room would be a big perk if I was traveling with one or more persons. . . It's not quite THEutopia, but for the extra bucks, THEhotel seemed to be a reasonable value.
THE Hotel at Mandalay rooms are very spacious and modern. Beautiful two room suite with a living room, bedroom and full bathroom and a half... Even a doorbell on the room and the ability to check-in and get to your room without having to walk through a noisy, smoke filled casino wax a welcomed changed. Accommodations were luxurious and the entire hotel was beautifully maintained. Amenities were great. . . My favorite is the extravagant bathroom as it has lots of bright lights for gettingready and big mirrors, including a full body one. Also, love the idea that I can bring my dog.. . Definitely check out The Mix Lounge - a perfect place to sit and relax before your night out. Either reserve a table indoors, or step out on the 64th-floor balcony and enjoy breathtaking views of the Las Vegas Strip. Also, check out the restrooms at the Mix Lounge bar. It's a huge cave like section and the "stall" is basically the size of a broom closet with the toilet in the center facing outwards... so you have a breathtaking view while doing your business :P. Picture included.. . THE Hotel gives you the best of both worlds - convenience to all Las Vegas activities when you want and peace and serenity when you need - absolutely worth the extra walk to the strip.
This hotel is modern and chic! My friend and I booked a suite for 7 people online. It was easy and quick. We didn't encounter any problems when we checked in.. . Our suite was big enough for 7 people. The living room space had a lot of seats, it had a big flat screen TV, a counter with a bar, and an office desk. The hotel provided an extra bed and the couch could be turned into a bed. The bedroom had two queen sized beds and a TV in the room's bathroom. I thought that was really cool. It was the first time I've ever seen a TV in a hotel bathroom.  I want to install a TV in my bathroom now.
The halls look like the halls from Inception (but apparently they're not)! The suite was nice. The pool was nice. LOVE Evening Call downstairs near the casino. . . DON'T love how far it is from everything!! I had to walk here from CVS in the summer and I wanted to die. We even took the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay tram and I still thought it was far. Maybe because it was like 100 degrees... But even still, ugh. Too much walking. Too many taxis. Still a nice place to stay though
This place is really nice! We stayed here the weekend of 12/30 right before NYE. The hotel was clean, swanky and everything was very first-class. The suites were great with one and one-half bath, three televisions, a full on living room, mini-bar and wall-to-wall windows and mirrors everywhere. The suite bathroom had a jacuzzi tub, shower and private toilet area with two sinks. . . The only bummer about this hotel was that it was a bit far from the rest of the casino and entertainment, but still if you were to get upgraded to THEhotel, you could do worse.
Stayed here last weekend on my friends' birthdays. Mandalay Bay is far from the center of the strip, and the Hotel is no different, but I must say, this is a pretty sweet place to stay.. . First off, the rooms are nice. Pretty standard hotel suites with a living room and bedroom. The beds and chair are super comfortable, though not the largest suites when comparing to the Palazzo or Trump hotel.. . Another point worth mentioning is the service. They are extremely polite an attentive, making sure your requests are met. The front desk attendant was very helpful when we wanted to get a limo, and the room service attendants were excellent as well considering we ordered food so late in the night.. . Awesome place to stay, quieter than Mandalay Bay, which is nice. Stocked with a sink, two restrooms, desk, two TV's. End of the strip, but still close to everything.. . Large parties, please consider a limo!!!
An ode to THE.  How I love THE.  I can't count the ways.  From the comfy beds to the outlets that are placed in just the right spots.  THE is just perfect for me.. . Do you like what I did there...I made it rhyme, and now you want to stay there. . . Seriously, this hotel has changed my mind on Vegas hotels...apparently, they don't all have to be generic and slightly run down.  It is nice to be able to walk 2 minutes and be in the casino, but not have to push through it to get in and out of the hotel.. . I will be staying here again next time I am in town.
Really nice rooms.  The only downside is the location, thus only 4 stars. If you want to be near the center of the strip, this is not your hotel. Otherwise, it's a great choice.  Lots of space, 2 bathrooms, separate living room area, and very comfy bed. . . Tip:  if you have a Keurig, bring some K-cups with you. It will save you $8 a cup in the morning (which is downright outrageous).
I was here 2.5 years ago for my first vegas trip. It's REALLY nice. The room is comparable to Wynn or Encore. . . Two comfortable queen beds, and a separate living room area with a pull out bed nice tv's in both rooms and a bar to keep your alcohol. . . The bar is great so you don't have to use the table they give you for alcohol. Sometimes when you eat food the next morning, the last thing you want to see is alcohol! at least for a few hours.. . 1.5 bathrooms, GREAT IDEA! Theres a toilet in one bathroom, with the other bathroom being a full complete one. There's a TV in the bathroom so you can keep yourself entertained while shaving, gelling your hair or putting make up on. Separation in bathrooms is key and they are on point!  Shower and tub are separated so you can use both. Toilet has it's own door, so the bathroom can be used by multiple people. When you are getting ready to go out, it's so key to have access to the bathroom, especially when you are with a lot of ladies (no offense) A+ on the bathrooms.. . The lobby is gorgeous and everything has a trendy sophisticated look to it. . . Before I was addicted to Vegas, this was my first hotel and I had to pay for the room. They had a great sale/discount at the time. I went on Halloween weekend and it was great. The Limo ride also was fun because we had a large group and they gave us a Hummer at a big discount to keep the taxi line moving. . . Why must you be so far from the other hotels!
I came to Vegas for work and play.  I was given a suite at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay.  . . As I arrived, I noticed the dark yet relaxing decor.  The Hotel is more like a spa resort.  Although it's inside Mandalay Bay, it's separate enough to feel like you're in a different hotel.  It has it's own restaurants, cafes and lounge.  There is a check in reservation area directly at The Hotel.  There is also a direct parking and cab drop off/pick up on the bottom floor.  Most cab drivers are not familiar with this.  If you stay here, make sure they drop you off at The Hotel.  Otherwise, you will have a very long walk from Mandalay Bay registration.. . My suite was very well decorated.  It had a 1/2 bath in the living room and a nice bar area which was well stocked.  There was a large desk to work and a beautiful view of the strip.  The bedroom was huge and had  a king size bed.  The bedroom was well decorated and the bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom had a huge soaking tub (enough for 2) and a large separate shower.  Two sinks with all the necessary supplies you'd have at home.  The toilet was in a separate room within the bathroom.. . The only part I had a hard time with was at night.  The walls are very thin and there were bunch of people staying in one room.  They were loud up until 4am.  I usually wouldn't mind it but since I had to work, it was irritating.. . Overall a good experience once I got to know The Hotel better.
Before staying at THEhotel you have the realize where the property is situated. It's at the far end of the strip and while there is atram (which only runs during certain hours) it's still a distane from all the action. Whether this is good or bad is really up to you and what you expect, however if you are looking to be in the middle of the action this isn't the place to be.. . THEhotel is a great property to relax at. Nothing is done quickly by the staff at the hotel (which is good and bad). You never get the feeling of being rushed and you never get the feeling of people rushing for you. The property is beautiful and feels upscale.. . The room was nice, however our TV was broken. Because we were just staying a night we did not request to have it fixed (as it was late at night by the time we turned it on) however when we informed the clerk at check-out about it he really didn't seem to care. Hopefully he made a note after he finished checking us out to have it fixed for the next person. Other than the TV issues the room was just as you would expect out of a property of this level. While it is a little older than Encore, Cosmo, etc... it still provides you with a great room.. . We had breakfast at TheCafe and while it was good it did not stand out over any of the other hotel restaurants we have ate at for breakfast in Vegas. What stood out was that you weren't right in the middle of a casino gaming floor while eating and it was nice to have some quiet time to relax and chat.. . Mandalay Bay was a short walk from THEhotel (all covered) which gave us access to more entertainment/gaming options and the tram. With the weather being reasonable (spring time) the walk to neighbouring hotels, such as the Luxor didn't feel that far. Because of the hotel being at the far end it seems like it is a little deceiving, that you are expecting it to be farther away from other hotels than it actually is.. . THEhotel is perfect for those who are looking for a getaway that allows them to relax in their hotel and enjoy a less dramatic gaming experience (at the Mandalay Bay versus other hotels). If you are a go-go-go person who only wants a place to sleep it does not really seem like it's for you. Get a place in the action surrounded by hotels with more amenities.
We were having a mini high school reunion and had a really hard time securing a private room at a restaurant to host a get together. My wonderful wife suggested I look at suites and after a quick search THEhotel fit the bill! They also had a deal where I could get $100 room credit which reduced the bill even further. The small living room area with the couch was just perfect. We asked for a few more chairs. At first, they gave us a hard time but the facilities guy was more than happy to accommodate us. I was bothered that they didn't have any signs that there was an entrance to THEhotel from the parking garage. I had to walk ALL THE WAY AROUND the Mandalay Bay hotel  to get to check in counter. Boy did I feel dumb!
This hotel is beautiful, the amenities are outstanding. The rooms are decorated beautifully and the staff is incredibly helpful. . . THE HOTEL is my new go-to for Vegas.. . also, their SPA is OUTSTANDING. $15 for an all day pass.
After 7 years, this place is looking ever-so-slightly worn, but that's only because we had the chance to stay there when it first opened. The rooms are huge (um, guest bathroom? Yes, thank you!), the beds are super comfortable, and the bathrooms are gorgeously appointed. Everything is very clean and tidy.. . My only complaint? The TVs (bedroom and living room) are massive flat-screens, but are not HD. In 2012, that is a bit of a no-no. But, that certainly isn't a deal breaker since no one comes to Vegas to watch TV...
I recently stayed at the Mandalay Bay, and I loved the bedding. I found that Downlite is the manufacturer for the Mandalay bedding, so I purchased some for myself!. . http:///www.VegasHotelBedding.com
I love, love this hotel.. . When you walk in, it's beautiful and serene.  We arrived around 10:00 am and were told that our room wouldn't be available until 3:00 (no big shock there) and that our room was not facing the strip.  We explained that we had had a pretty rotten trip to Vegas so far and was there anything he could do for us?  The agent stepped away and 3 minutes later arrived with keys to a VIP room facing the strip, available immediately.  The bellman took our bags and literally had our bags in our room 5 minutes after we got there.. We used the Mandalay Beach right away and I have to say, it was a shitshow.  It was crazy packed, chairs and food and people everywhere.  Drink service was excellent, however, which was important!  There are a bunch of chairs that are roped off with extra padding and looked much more calm.  That day (65 and sunny) the chairs were $25/each for the day.  On a warmer day, the price jumped to $50/each, but we did it anyway to get out of the hysteria.  I'm glad we did, it was well worth it.  Unfortunately there were almost NO drink servers out that day.  That might've been a good thing, now that I think about it (hic!).. . Our room was gorgeous and very, very clean.  I was a little disappointed in the bed though - it was pretty hard!  I'm used to super plush W beds and this wasn't it.  HUGE master bath with walk in shower that I loved.  . . We used the concierge several times for tickets and they were really responsive to our requests and we never left without reservations or tickets.. . The only bad point was the hotel cafe.  We stopped down for breakfast on our last day.  There was a woman seated right behind us talking so loudly on her phone that we literally couldn't hear each other.  The restaurant was only about 25% full, so I asked the host if we could move to another table.  This seriously ruined her whole day.  She was confused by my request, so she repeated to me several times what I was asking and eventually, with much sighing and rolling of her eyes, moved us to the one filthy table in the restaurant.  It literally had food on it. We had no silverware and when our food arrived no one offered us any so we had to go get it ourselves.  We are former servers, so we were both pretty shocked at the response to our request.  I swear, we had been really nice all along! . . Anyway, that was the only hitch.  I would stay here again and again.  And eat breakfast at the Wynn instead.  :)
Great place to light up a cigar.. . They have a Davidoff store on the floor to pick up a cigar in case you did not bring one.. Head over to the EyeCandy Lounge and light up your favorite smoke.. . I was there for a convention and there was at least 5-6 other smokers. Glad to find a cigar friendly casino.
During the first half of my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas, my company made me stay at Excalibur. Cheap bastards.. . Luckily, I found some friendly and accommodating ladies that let me stay in their room at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay.. . Wait. It's not what you think.. . As much as I would love to brag and say that I womanized my way to a pleasurable stay at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay, I can't. Even though that totally rhymed. . . Anyway, the truth is, two of my clients (who happened to be women) had to wake up at 4 A.M. to catch a flight, so they shared a room the final night of their stay here and let me stay in the empty room. My night here was a fantasy in the super sweet suite with a beautiful bathtub, large comfortable bed, and two ply toilet paper. Nice.. . Granted, all I did that night was relax, watch TV, and book a hotel for the weekend on my iPhone. My work gave me a weekend per diem to help me pay for my hotel from Friday through Sunday. Whatever money I didn't use in that per diem, they let me keep. . . So where did I book my room? Excalibur. . . Cheap bastard. I know.
Very trendy new Las Vegas hotel. Not the typicla fluff of enchanted forests and the like, but a solid nice hotel. Did not sleep here, but did spend a full evening in the lounge.
The rooms here are excellent. The staff is good. Being part of Mandalay bay is a real plus. Funky front entrance via a parking garage
Terrific stay at the V suite- 2 teens and 2 adults.  1.5 bath- living room with 1 master bedroom.  Very comfortable, 3 tvs, great view, amenities, robes and slippers, iPod dock, very nice.
Nice towers, friendly staff, a little dirty In the rooms but nothing crazy or note worthy. I'd stay here again. It even has its own little lobby. Super close to the stairs too that connect them to Luxor.
This is a beautiful hotel! Everything is so nice and elegant. Our room was lovely. I don't think there's a bad view in the building. There's a restaurant to fit every taste (probably not every budget, though).. I found customer service to be quite lacking though. I've read and heard several complaints about CS being non-responsive. Their computer system apparently was down for at least 4 days (which seems to incomprehensible for a hotel on the LV strip during a big fight/concert weekend). The check-in line was at least 250 people deep. I don't think handing out water and cookies would suffice.  . . Would I come back here? Possibly...it's just that nice. But before the customer service snafu, it would have been no question. Now, I'll look at a few of the other offerings, too.
Still like the hotel at Mandalay Bay.  Great rooms, very comfortable and relaxing.. I like the soak-er tub, separate shower, TV in the bathroom (so you can soak in your bubble bath and watch TV at the same time).  Hey a hard night partying and drinking and a little r and r is needed..... Rooms can be had at discounted rates and its nice to have a nice place to crash after enjoying the sites of Vegas.
Love this place. If you want great service no interruptions, this is the place to stay. Enjoyed dancing all night at the mix lounge. If you want to dance till you can't anymore this is the place to go to. The mix lounge is in the hotel. It closes until 4am. It's great. The only thing I disliked about my room was that it was to dark, so if your curtains were closed you totally felt like you were in a dungeon.
I haven't been to Vegas in years and I was very excited that I was going to re-visit my old stomping grounds.  A friend of mine recommended to stay at the Mandalay Bay because they had a great wave pool for sonny boy.. . We arrived at the Mandalay Bay and were attempting to check in as follows:  . *  10:20 am - Hubby informed Mandalay desk person that we were checking in.  . *  Mandalay inhospitable staff person states, "You cannot check in until 10:30 am.  . *  Hubby replies, "That's in 10 minutes...can't you get my information now?" . *  Mandalay inhospitable staff person replies, "NO".. . So, we get step aside and wait 10 minutes to check in for the 2nd time.  We are fortunate that we did not get that inhospitable desk person again and dealt with a more pleasant and properly trained staff person who informs us that we actually have reservations for TheHotel which was around the corner from the Mandalay Bay reservations desk.. . We check into TheHotel at the Mandalay Bay but were informed that our room would not be ready for an hour.  We were told that they would call us when the room was available.  So, off we went to grab something to eat at the Mandalay Bay Cafe.  We received the call that our room was ready half way through our meal.  We arrive to our room and the Mandalay amenities and I was pleasantly surprised with the following:  . . (1)  Separate Living Room . Couch, chair, desk, tv, wet bar, and floor to ceiling windows in a separate living room area.  Roomy, clean, modern and nicely decorated.. . (2)  Powder Room and Full Bathroom. Separate powder room located in the foyer.  In addition, full bathroom with separate shower, bathtub, and toilet room.  Plus, a big twin vanity area with a lil flat screen tv.  Very Nice!. . (3)  Separate Bedroom. Separate bedroom with 2 queen beds, tv, lots of storage area, and floor to ceiling . windows.  Beds were comfy.... =). . (4)  Free Wi-Fi & Smoke Free Rooms. Makes your stay so enjoyable!. . (5)  Mandalay Bayside Buffet. Buffet dinner for $29 per person including unlimited champagne, white & red wine, or beer.  A great value!. . (6)  Various Restaurants In The Mandalay Bay . A big plus to have a variety of restaurants in the resort area because you get sick of the buffet quickly!. . (7)  Starbucks. Located on the ground floor of TheHotel....wonderful!. . (8)  Wave Pool. There's a height limit that kids need to meet to enter the wave pool....fantastic!  The waves don't come that often so it's more like a huge pool which is very relaxing and refreshing when it's 107 degrees outside.. . Some of the negatives of TheHotel:  . -  The staff are not very friendly and seem unhappy to be working at the resort. . -  The resort is far from the other hotels and shopping areas.  Not very convenient and there wasn't much action in the casino.. -  One day, we left our room at 7:00 am and returned at 4:30 pm to find out that our room was not cleaned.. -  Besides the wave pool, there is no other place to escape from the heat.  The lazy river is so tiny and was filthy at 9:00 am in the morning.  . . I enjoyed my stay at TheHotel at the Mandalay Bay Resort.  I luved my roomy 2 room suite with 1 1/2 bathrooms.  I would return again.  4 Stars!
Great hotel with everything you could want in a Vegas hotel/casino/resort. The restaraunts were yummy. It's the southern most casino on the strip so it's away from all the chaos, which is a good and bad thing. I liked that the self-parking deck is a close walk. . . My only complaint is with the elevators. There is simply not enough of them. Many times I had to wait over 5 minutes for an elevator. Also, during checkout times they reach max capacity and you have to pass on a few of them going down to the lobby. At one point I decided to take the stairs from the 29th floor, though I eventually realized it wasn't worth it.
I've stayed at The Hotel in LV quite a few times before, but you never really realize how great a place is until you've gotten sick on vacation! . . We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for the first few days, and by the time we checked into The Hotel I was full on incapacitated. So instead of spending my time as planned on the poker tables at the WSOP, I spent most of my day in one of three places;. . - The super comfortable bed, watching Law & order reruns.. - In the super large soaking tub, watching Law & Order reruns, partaking in room service.. - In a cabana by a private pool, comped to me because they sympathized with my being sick (also, I think to make the other guests more comfortable as I was hacking up my lungs by that time.). . The Hotel doesn't have it's own dedicated casino, it shares the floor with Mandalay Bay and that casino is okay, not my favorite, but they still have FIREBALL, which is one of preferred penny slots. Their poker room is kind of slow, there usually aren't many participants in the tournaments, and they rarely spread more than 2 or 3 games at a time. . . What I do love about The Hotel is their service, it is top notch, and their relationship with Manadalay Bay means you have access to a great selection of restaurants, their many pools (including a top-tional beach) and several shops.
Family of 5... Mom, dad and 3 young kids under 7. Is this the right hotel for us! ABSOLUTELY! We've stayed here dozens of times and won't stay anywhere else on the strip. Why? Clean and modern hotel that has enough space for all of us to stay in one room, polite and attentive staff and best of all, the most amazing pool in Vegas!. . My kids are very well-mannered and fit well with the hotel. I like to experience Vegas this way as opposed to the craziness of places like Circus Circus and Excalibur. THEhotel is in a leagueof its own and well worth the price we pay. Be prepared for an upscale experience.. . The pool is amazing and the kids love both the wave pool and the lazy river. Even when it's crowded, it's still never crazy crowded and the staff keeps everything well maintained. There's always someone sweeping the sand off the walkways and monitoring the water. . . But with most places you frequent often, you'll always find a few things to complain about... For starters, I wish they would keep the pool open later, especially since the sun doesn't set until 8:30 during the summer. Also, the price to rent cabanas and even chairs and an umbrella are pretty insane! They should have more shaded areas to keep guests, especially kids, protected from the hard-beating sun. They should have more food options. When you're hanging out by the pool everyday, all day, you easily get tired of the same old chicken fingers, burger and salad. Lastly, a little better upkeep of the sand would be nice. My kids will be digging and playing in the sand and end find used cigarette buds or used drink stirrers and stuff.. . But all in all... Iove this place and can't wait to come back!!!
This hotel was swanky... the only thing in the mini bar was a full bottle of Patron, swanky. The beds were super comfortable, the rooms enormous, and the lights able to be appropriately dimmed. Also, I'm pretty sure you could fit five people inside that bathtub, if you're into that sort of thing.. . It wasn't the quietest room I've ever been in and I had to do a solid amount of complaining to get my extra pillows, but other than that the stay was perfect.
Rooms: We were pleasantly surprised at the size and comfort of the suites here. The beds are very nice, the bathroom large, and the half bath in the hall totally convenient if you have more than 2 people in the room. The couch and sitting area is really comfortable. Our room overlooked the Luxor pyramid which was beautiful at night! . . The casino here is huge! I still am not sure I saw all of it after a weekend. Saturday night they had a classic rock cover band playing in the casino so that was fun. The Mandalay shops are right there too, as well as Starbucks and some restaurants. . . Check out was super easy, and they will hold your bags if you have a later flight. YES!. . Pool: The wave pool was really fun and the lazy river was the best. We got a cabana in the west lagoon for our group and it was the perfect place to spend the day. Service was friendly and attentive. The cabanas come with 2 tubes for floating which really came in handy.. . The CONS - its a bit down the strip. It was about a $15 taxi each way to the Cosmopolitan area and about $15 from the airport. Our shower didn't drain well, ugh. That was pretty annoying, but shame on us for not calling to get it fixed. The pool area is a pretty far walk from the rooms. Probably over 10 minutes away. Lastly, when we arrived on a Friday afternoon the line to check in at the front was very long! It took over 20 minutes to get to the front, which is longer that I have ever waited. Very annoying when you are just arriving and want to get going. . . The pros outweighed these things. I would definitely stay here again. Its an amazing hotel.
If you're looking to get away from the Vegas madness, THEhotel is a great option.  It doesn't have the casino feel as much as other hotels do (like Caesars and the flamingo, which allow pets as well).. but you can walk across to the Mandalay Bay and get your casino fix there.. . Bringing Fido:. - They greeted him with a bag of treats and a special doggie menu with fresh cooked meals.. - $50/day for the pet fee, but totally worth it!   . - You can play fetch with Fido on the entire floor which is so cool!  Pets have to be crated though when you leave... . The bedroom is separate from the living area and there's a a toilet in each side = awesome for privacy!  The suit required to get a pet room is AWESOME!  . . There's a desk to get work done, the room is really modern (unlike some of the other 'tray hard' ones here in Vegas), the sofa in the living space pulls out into a bed, and there's a flat screen in both the living area and bedroom as well. . . Two thumbs up in my book!  THEhotel is now my GO TO place when I bring Fido to Vegas :)
This place used to be the best most posh hotel but now it's slipped a little. The plumbing is really fucked up. We had to have to toilets unclogged twice while we were there. Also we didn't use the tub as it smelled like the toilet and we had a fear of the pipes backing up ecoli into the water. Mandalay still has the best pool area in my opinion but the hotels are now just so so. I think next time I go I'll try one of the newer ones that opened up.
Every time we visit Las Vegas we try to stay in a different hotel...so this past weekend we stayed at The Hotel for the first time. Here are my thoughts:. . The Good:. . 1. From the vibe to the decor, everything is very quiet and calm. . 2. Rooms are enormous and clean (With the exception of the throw pillows on the bed. Those could use a wash or two). We had a suite with two queens, a living room, and 1.5 bathrooms. And the view? Fabulous.. 3. The Cafe is excellent. Had breakfast there twice and for a hotel restaurant I will say that the quality is better than expected and the prices quite reasonable. I highly recommend the smoked salmon and the pancakes.. 4. The Bathhouse is a great spa. I don't do spa treatments often but since Amex was kind enough to give us a $100 spa credit I went ahead and had a 25 minute facial for $85. Yes it was expensive but afterwards I used the gym, sat by the indoor pool, and spent some time in the sauna, so I'd say I got my money's worth. And really, the man who did my facial was excellent. . 5. My 7-year-old and husband loved the wave pool and lazy river...which was a good thing because that's why we stayed at The Hotel.. . The bad:. . 1. The one time we utilized them, the concierge was utterly unhelpful and a bit on the rude side.. 2. The Hotel is on one end of the strip so it's really inconvenient to most other hotels and shopping. Be prepared to pay for a lot of cabs if you want to leave the hotel.. 3. Tacking on "The" to everything can be a bit tiresome after a while. But I suppose I'm easily annoyed by kitschy marketing.. . Overall I think we'd probably stay here again if we brought our daughter with us. But if we took a kid-free trip I'd rather be more central and I'd likely stay in a hotel closer to the middle of the strip.
As far as the hotel goes.  I was very impressed.  All rooms are suits and we had an excellent one with a view of the strip.  The sitting room has a desk with complimentary wifi, a nice comfy couch (big enough to lay on and get comfortable) while watching TV.  Separate bedroom with a TV.  All rooms have DVD players which is great instead of having to pay for in room movies Dvd players are in the main room, not the bedroom. 1 1/2 bath.   The room I felt was very reasonably priced.  $100 (minus the AAA discount) so $90 plus $10 tax plus $25 resort fee (and then get this) $3 tax on the resort fee. Which really isn't their  fault I guess it just seemed a little overboard.  So a $90 room is actually $128.00.  If you are going to the pool it is a whole different story.  Wow.  What a rip.  A domestic beer is either 7 or 8 bucks each and pina coladas they sell in a large souvenir cup for $20 but then you get refills for $12 each.  So maybe if a couple of people share a cocktail after a couple of days with the cup it might be worth it.  They have a little convenience store by the pool that sells just about everything but beware, there are no prices marked on anything and believe me the prices are as bad as the beer.  Now on to the "wave pool"  the Mandalay bay website says they are up to 6 feet.  So my boys ages 11 and 13 were super excited to go.  Well they are more like 1 or 2 foot which makes this the perfect kiddie pool. So crowded they just kept running into kids.  I asked about the 6 ft waves and they said they no longer do that (they need to change their website)  Kids over the age of 14 need their own key to get into the pool.    I also need to mention the price for the reserved chairs.  The day we went (I understand it varies) but on a Wednesday they were $50 each for a front row seat (front row to thewave pool) for the second row they were $25 and the umbrella was an additional $50.  We were lucky enough to find a chair but I can see how at times that would be difficult. And no shade to be found anywhere.    The chairs on the sand are comfortable but the chairs on the concrete are extremely uncomfortable.  So that may be something to think about if you have older family members.  I stayed at the Golden Nugget the first 2 nights of our Vegas trip.  So being there, there are ways to save money.  The buffets, $10 prime rib dinners, the $1.50 hot dogs for the kids at the Fremont.  $2.50 beers at the ABC store.  (bring your own opener)  free entertainment on Fremont street at night. But then to go to the Mandalay and not have any options but the over priced restaurants in their hotel (Lupo is terrific though) They know they kind of have you over a barrel because it is so far from everything.  There is one option.  There is a McDonald's just inside the Luxor that you can get to by crossing through the little mall they have  that links the 2 casinos.   You are not allowed to use the fridge in the room  so maybe bring a cooler and just use their ice.  Bring your own inter tubes they will fill them for you (instead of the $25 for theirs, ridiculous right?)   So I would stay at THE Hotel but probably not in the summer.
This is probably my favorite hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. I've stayed at at more than 10 different hotels in Vegas andI always enjoy my stay here. I have the M Life card so I've gotten comps and discounted rooms from here and other MGM owned hotels. (If you stay At any of these hotels I highly recommend getting this card.) The rooms here are huge and the staff is very nice. The beach setting at the pool and wave pool are awesome, especially when it's 104 degrees outside. My favorite restaurant here is the Burger Bar! The Kobe burger is great! . . There are 2 minor things I don't like about this hotel, which knocks it down to 4 stars. 1) This hotel has become more of a family oriented hotel over the past 2 years. That's not a bad thing but it's not what I'm looking for in Vegas. 2)The TVs are old and not HD, at least in the rooms I've stayed in.
I had a stay-cation here last week.  Went to see a show at House of Blues, eat, drink and not worry about getting home after a drunken night or work the next day.  Originally I just asked for a basic room at  Mandalay Bay but since my date and I were locals they upgraded us to The Hotel. The room was nice. I liked the mirrored closet doors and entertainment area and the large tub. The bed was comfortable. I really liked that the Hotel even though its attached to Mandalay Bay with a hallway is quiet and not much walk through traffic in the lobby and common areas.  . . The employees I encountered were all very friendly when I did ask something or need anything. The employees mostly had very robotic and somewhat standoffish looks but once they were approached they were very helpful and friendly.  . . The only problem with The Hotel has to do with how paper thin the walls are. Every time a person  closes their door anywhere within 15 rooms of you or has a conversation in the hall in that range, you can hear it like your own room. I am dead to the world when I sleep but in the morning I could hear every person that was up at 6am closing (but sounds like slamming) their doors.  The Hotel, get some better insulation, sound buffering carpet and walls and you will have a solid 4 stars not  rounded up. This makes me lean a lot closer to 3 stars but it was a very nice stay so it gets 4.
Great experience! Wonderful rooms. The bath robes and slippers are so plush. The bed makes you feel like you are sinking into paradise. The bathroom is huge! I felt like there was plenty of space in the modern styled room. My biggest issue was that you have to pay to use the coffee machine and it's like $8 a cup. That's kind of outrageous! I think for as much as you spend to stay, the least they could do would be to let you have a cup of coffee in the morning without breaking the bank. . . The Beach at Mandalay Bay was great! We rented a cabana and got a free upgrade. The servers were on top of things and very friendly. The lazy river was completely shaded by trees, so that made it kind of chilly but pretty to look at. The beach portion is crowded by lounge chairs, so you can't really walk in the sand or enjoy it.
Beautiful suite only tower at Mandalay Bay. Perfect for a girls weekend in Vegas, with a separate living room and bedroom.  Lots of space to spread out all your clothes and relax.  And the huge bathroom with seperate shower/tub, and seperate toilet were clutch. Come to think of it, there were two toilets in the suite, how cool is that?. . I wish I realized earlier it had its own entrance so we didn't keep walking through the casino getting lost and waiting on the long cab line. . . The only cons I can think of are the location at the end of the strip, and we didn't love the pool (but that's a seperate review).
This place is quite nice.  The experience starts with the valet who are quite amazing (as valet's go and certainly much better than their counterparts at Mandalay Bay).  When you walk in the decor is modern and dark.  Not sure that is really the style these days but still not anything obnoxious just - dark.  The staff at check-in is usually quite good and very friendly.  You can tell they are trained to deal with a more upscale client (or at least that is how it seems).  . . The rooms are all suite based and rather large.  They provide a bedroom and living area.  A tip - the V Suite on the end-caps is usually not that much more expensive and quite spacious.  Highly recommended on the dog floors (if you bring your fido with you) as the rooms in middle can hear the barking that sometimes accompanies this floor and it gives them room to run around a bit in the living area.  (tip: if you do take a dog there is a great doggie day care called Camp Bow Wow about 2 miles from THEHotel that is $25 day and provides great care for the dog from 7AM-7PM.  Highly recommended to run the dog out of energy and then they will be more comfortable in the room during the stay and it gives them social time as well.. . The suites are quite nice and the beds are more comfortable then on the Mandalay Bay side so that is nice as well they offer pillow tops.  They are not spectacular but not bad either.  . . The best part is that you get access to one of the best features of Mandalay Bay which is the beach.  It is a bit of a hike to get there though so be forewarned.  But it is a lot of fun with the wave pool and lazy river. . . If you are bringing your pet, call early when you book the reservation and confirm with the front-desk that they have this added to the reservation there are only 2 floors were dogs are allowed and if they don't add it correctly (which sadly is frequently) you may be outof luck when you arrive.. . One gripe is the daily resort fee.  It is a joke that they charge this period!  For $25 you get Wi-Fi (decent now it use to be quite bad so at least it works now) and a newspaper that is it and they charge the fee daily and good luck getting rid of it.  Really sours me on the experience.. . Overall a great experience!  Again the resort fee is meh but the place itself is quite nice.
Gorgeous inside = :) * Pool/Beach closes at 7:00 = :( * Middle of the night room service nachos = :) * wait for everything is a bit long, but when you get the service it's great :-) Had a little issue, mentioned it (without screaming or complaining, or even asking for it) they compensated us more than we expected.
very nice suites here. . the service is good and THEhotel and pool of mandalay bay are the best.. . definitely recommend.
11/18/11 is when I started this review. I just thought it was time that I completed it. I've been singing it's praises ever since and have had many friends and colleagues stay here while visiting Las Vegas since then!. . THEhotel at Mandalay Bay is a MGM Resort Property and a very nice place to stay. The rooms are very modern, spacious, sleek, and comfortable. The office space given to you in the room is perfect to set up a desk away from home. There is free high speed internet service for your rooms, along with plasma TVs. Even in the bathroom, you can talk on the phone and watch television while you bathe! The hotel is much more quieter than any of the other hotels along the strip because it is a nonsmoking, casino-free, noise intolerant, ALL suites hotel. I felt that more business people would flock to this particular hotel, rather than young, college party animals. LOL! There is a sense of being in a peaceful oasis outside of the Strip.  Yet the Strip is right around the corner! There are very few amenities at THEhotel, but you have complete access to the Mandalay Bay Beach & the numerous pools and amenities there. A direct pathway leads to the Beach! And everything enjoyable about being on the Strip is right near your doorway, but not at your doorstep! The way THEhotel is located facing away from the main Strip and behind Mandalay Bay, you don't get all the noise and craziness of the Strip while you are trying to sleep. Although the views on the higher floors are amazing! The beds are very luxurious and fluffy! The pillows alone could keep you in bed all day!. . I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here at THEhotel. I will definitely be making plans to stay here again! i usually make it out to Vegas at least 3-4 times a year. It's an easy, quick flight for a fast getaway! I also have many fantastic friends that live in Vegas. The nice thing about staying in a hotel is that after all the hanging out and drinking, eating and partying with the friends, I get to go to my own private, peaceful serene space to regroup. I don't have to bother anyone else. And I am well rested and ready for the next day of hanging out, drinking, eating and more partying!! LOL!
Very good experience, would definitely recommend. The suites have elegant post-modern yet comfortable decor and furniture. The generous use of marble in the bathroom and wall to wall windows are always appreciated and the sitting room area is very neatly put together in terms of both: color and space use.. . Downside is the walk to the pool area. The lobby of The Hotel tower is sleek, modern and even a bit opulent (as much as post-modern decor allows), but this soon gives way to the Mandalay Bay's regular casino where you walk for about 5 minutes until reaching the Mandalay Bay's restaurant court. The epic hike finally concludes once you reach the convention center - given that The Hotel is to be the Mandalay Bay's more private and exclusive resort experience, it should have it's own pool entrance or walk way.
The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is one of our favorite places to stay when in Vegas. The Hotel is not the same as the hotel rooms that are part of the casino, which I love.  It is higher end and less intermingled with the casino crowd.   . . The suites are really spacious.  Each has a large spa bathroom with a soaking tub that I've taken advantage of almost each time we stay.  The living room is totally separate from the bedroom and there is even a separate half bathroom in the living room.  Space, space galore.  . . The decor is luxe and modern without being over the top.  It is hard to say that about any other Vegas hotel.  The color palate is primarily neutral taupe and browns.  There are things that need upgrading.  Namely, there are no flat screen HD TVs and I've never loved their toiletries but for the price, this is one of the best values in Vegas.
The room was great.  I felt safe traveling alone. The hotel wasalways quiet and very clean. My only glitches were that it took over 25 minutes to check in, little tough after a long flight and their surprise daily fee. A "complimentary" fee of $25 would be added to my bill every day for the luxury of  WiFi, the opportunity to go down 11 floors to the gift shop for a free USA today, the ability to send faxes and download boarding passes and the use of the cardio room. Next time I'll read the small print and try to wheel and deal use of the spa and gym with my reservation.
Came here for the first time with a group of friends and the rooms were convenient for the 12 of us to stay in...well, despite the fact some had to sleep on the couch/floor.. . We stayed at the THESuite, approx 750 sq ft with a separate living room and bedroom. The room can come with two queens or a king size bed - couch is not a pullout bed. There is one full bathroom (with a tub and shower) and 1/2 of a bathroom (with just a toilet).. . The room was clean and the decor was nice. . . The only difficulty we had was finding the damn hotel. We got confused with Mandalay Bay and THEhotel. Once you get out from the self parking lot, you should really check for the signs for THEhotel. We ended up making a round trip throughout Mandalay Bay's casino, finally making our way to THEhotel and it was noooooo good, considering the fact that we were carrying around our luggage with us. . . Other than that, it was a good stay here. Only downside, as others have mentioned, the hotel is on the end of the strip, so very far from everywhere. And we came during winter time (Feb) so the pools were closed. Price is reasonable!
4.5 STARS!!!  Stayed at The Hotel for the first time and really enjoyed it.  It's up there as one of my favorites and I would definitely stay here again. . . Pros: . - There was a crazy long check-in line (to the parking lot entrance), but I was very impressed with how efficiently they checked everyone in.  Also liked that they gave all guests bottled water upon check-in.  Nice touch.. - Pet friendly! Where else can I bring my little pooch. (Note, the pet potty area was a little lame, but hey, it's Vegas so I'm not complaining!).. - Huge suites and 2 bathrooms! The suites are up there with Venetian's rooms, but really love the 2 bathrooms and separate room. . - View is awesome if you're facing the strip. . - Beds are super soft and comfy! One of the best out of all the hotels in Vegas in my opinion.. - Room Service food is delicious!! French Onion Soup... Wow!  I was impressed.. . Cons:. - Far from the rest of the rest of the casinos on the trip.. - Wifi sucks. - The shower floor was stained and dirty looking, could probably use a slight renovation. . . Overall, had a really great stay at The Hotel and would definitely stay here again. Check-in staff and dealers at Mandalay Bay were all incredible nice and friendly, more so than alot of the other casinos.
All in all I had a pleasant stay at The Hotel. They were very accommodating with my puppy, even asked me to bring him inside so they can meet him. Check in was easy, they had a lot of service associates at the desks so we virtually had no wait. Don't get confused there are three hotels on the property and if you go into the main entrance you will have to drive around the corner to the parking for The Hotel. It is a very luxurious hotel and every room is a sweet. The "pet floor" is the 22nd floor and offered fantastic views of the strip and surroundings. From the outside the windows are gold which adds to the feeling you are about to be pampered. Every room is a suite, upon going into the room I asked where the beds were lol.. It is a two room sweet with very nice furnishings and an amazing bathroom with a big bathtub and separate shower. 1.5 bathrooms. Very nice room. Only thing I noticed is some of the furnishings had very minor chips or scrapes, nothing major whatsoever but I pay attention to detail. There was also some dust in the bathroom. If it wasn't for this I'd have given it 5 stars. The buffet was nice with good food however felt it could have had more of a variety. The tramway running from Mandalay bay to Excalibur comes in handy! All in all a very pleasant stay and I would recommend it. Oh it was also fairly cheap for such a nice hotel.
I want to start out by saying that this is a VERY nice hotel.  Awesome suite accommodations and very very clean.  The only reason i don't give it five stars is that the pool was closed while we were there, and they didn't tell us before we stayed there.  They charged us a "resort fee" while we were there, but the pool was closed!  When we asked them about it they told us the "the pool is free, and the resort fee is for everything else"  -_-. Apart from that little speed bump.  The Hotel is awesome and the Mandalay bay has an awesome aquarium that i would highly recommend.
While the location may not be as desirable as something more towards the middle of The Strip, THEhotel was a great place to stay. For starters, I'm not a huge gambler and while I love the hustle and bustle of Vegas, I also the occasional peace and quiet. THEhotel delivered that balance of fun and relaxation. The ambiance was sleek, contemporary, modern, dark, rich, and luxurious. From the moment we stepped into the lobby I knew we were in for a treat. It had the luxury of Vegas, but the serenity of a boutique hotel. . . Our room was on the 32nd floor, and while it didn't have an especially great view, it was still nice to be that high up. We did check in at about 10 a.m. and I'm sure we could have gotten a better view, maybe something higher up, had we waited. However, I'm not going to complain about the view when they were so accommodating to check us in at such an early hour. There were four rooms, three TVs, plenty of seating, two very comfy beds, and a bathroom bigger than the dance floors of some clubs. Like the lobby, the rooms were contemporary and luxurious. Oh, and the shower had good water pressure! . . Our room was really close to the elevators and I'm happy to say there was virtually no noise. Housekeeping was really, really efficient and fast. It seemed our room was cleaned within minutes of us leaving in the morning.. . I believe THEhotel is going to be renovated and rebranded this year or early next. While the experience was top-notch, THEhotel is in need of a little freshening up. As I said, the decor was very nice, but was looking a bit dated (slightly worn carpet, scratched and scuffed furniture). I'd be curious to return to THEhotel once it's The Delano (or whatever the new name is going to be) to see how it's renovated. . . p.s. This might be the most soothing hotel on The Strip. It was always pleasantly quiet and it smelled like a spa throughout.
This hotel is my absolute favorite! Every year my sister and I go to Vegas on our sister trip and we've stayed at this hotel three years in a row! My sister and I go to Vegas for the Spa's and Shows, so we're not big party-ers and this hotel is the perfect fit! There is no smoking, in the lobby which is wonderful. It smells amazing and is very quiet when you first walk in. But if you're like me and you kind of like the smell of casino's and stale cigarettes, the Mandalay Bay casino is a short walk away. . . Check in has always been fast and easy for us, and we always get the room that we want. One year there was a bigger line, but it's to be expected. It's a hotel in Vegas. . . The interior of the hotel is gorgeous and very modern. Clean lines and dark granite which is something I love. It feels classy and doesn't feel like a normal cliched Vegas hotel/casino. The rooms are big and very spacious! There are two bathrooms in most rooms and a small "living room". The bedrooms are very clean and are just the right size. . . The bathroom has a lovely large tub and standup shower. Very spacious. There is a TV in every room, though the reception kind of sucks and the channel selection is slim. There is in room wifi which is always a plus. . . The costumer service is wonderful. Everyone is very friendly and polite and eager to help if you have any problems. . . The housekeeping is a little weird. My sister and I are early risers so we were out of the room by 9am for breakfast and didn't come back until almost 4pm and housekeeping was still in our room. This only happened on one day out of our five days there. We also had a similar situation were the housekeeping staff claimed we didn't hit the housekeeping button on the door, but we did. So they had to come later in the day to clean the room. But over all they do a nice job and are very friendly. Funnily enough both of these instances with housekeeping happened on Wednesday. . . The first time we went they had really nice shampoo, conditioner and lotions from Gilchrist & Soames but the following year they had a no name brand in crappy containers that do nothing for your hair. I loved the first stuff, but the second time it felt like generic hotel shampoo. PLEASE GO BACK. The new stuff stinks! And what happened to the lovely bath salts? That was a nice touch, sad to see they had disappeared from the room during on second stay there. . . I think for the room size, and all it's accommodations it's priced very fairly.  I also highly recommend THEbathhouse Spa. . . I can't wait to go again in August!
THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay is an excellent hotel.  It is a non-gaming hotel, meaning there is no gambling, but the Mandalay Bay casino is mere steps away.  I was a fan because it meant the smoke factor was virtually non-existent.  A very low key, calm hotel located at the very beginning of the strip.  If you are looking for more action, I would stay somewhere more centrally located.  Also, not really within walking distance of much.  You could take the tram to Luxor, to Excalibur, walk to New York New York and cross over to MGM...but damn thats a lot to do.. . I came for a complimentary weekend...the staff was excellent.  Our room was not yet ready when we arrived around 1pm on a Saturday...they gave us our rooms keys so that we could access the pool, and then they would call us when our room was ready.  We left our luggage with the Bell Desk and had no problems checking it in or retrieving it.  When I called the desk to have our luggage delivered to the room, it was there in a record 5 minutes.. . There was a slight mix up...we received a call that our room was ready, then another call that it wasn't, then a call that it was.  Slight miscommunication amongst the staff apparently.  Not a big deal to me since I was losing money in the casino, but they were kind enough to grant us a $100 room credit. Sweet! The next day we received another phone call about the mix up, and we were told our room service charge was waived and the room credit bumped back up to $150. Wow!! Sounds great...except every time we tried to use our room credit there was no record of it and it became a battle.  If you are going to give something like that, please make sure that it works! The hassle was unbelievable, to the point that I almost regretted having a room credit.And please be clear that it is a room credit for anything you can charge to the room or food and beverage ONLY.  I did appreciate the follow up and friendliness of all the staff though.. . The room itself was very nice.  Comfy queen beds. A living room with couch, desk, bar area, flat screen tv with dvd player, and a half bath near the front door.  Loved having the half bath...people could still do their business while someone else was in the shower.  TV in the main bathroom too.  And mirrors everywhere...if you can't find someplace to stare at yourself you have issues.. . The pool area at Mandalay Bay is pretty cool...I loved the wave pool.  Small lazy river and a small regular pool.  No lounging on the "reef" but I was told adults could lounge in the kiddie pool adjacent to the wave pool.. . I would stay again, definitely if it was another comped weekend.  I have stayed in a fair amount of Vegas hotels, both on and off the strip.  This one was very nice....calm, peaceful and serene.  The new nightclub Light (formerly Rum Jungle) opens soon in Mandalay Bay, and it will be a great addition to the Vegas scene at that end of the strip.
First time here and the first impression was great! The Hotel has dim mood lighting that sets off the entrance. The decor was very modern and up to date.It is a non gaming hotel, which means very little cigarette smoking. The staff was very friendly and helpful especially when it came to them holding our bags as we arrived prior to our room being ready.. . We decided to sit by the pool until our room was ready, which was a trek all the way to Mandalay Bay, but it wasn't that bad. After a few hours there by the pool a text or call never came from the reception to let us know the room would be available, which is what they said they would do. We had to make the call ourselves and at that time was informed of our room number. . . Went up to the room and it was room 15801, and it was great!! King bed with 1.5 baths. Looked like a small apartment. The living room and bedroom contained old plasma TVs but the bathroom TV looked a bit newer. The furniture was extremely comfortable as well as the bed. The clerk that brought our bags up to the room was very friendly informing us of the hotels features and even offered to get ice for us when we asked where the Ice Room was located. Very good staff member here!!. . Now the bathroom was not set up properly compared to the standard when you have two people in a room. We only had two bath towels, two hand towels and two wash cloths. There were no signs of a floor mat for the shower. So we had to turn one of the towels into the floor mat after shower one, and request more bath towels from the housekeeper on the floor.. . As you can tell The Hotel loves to have mood lighting and the rooms do not differ from their approach. The rooms have dim lighting as well and at night if you don't have the sharpest of vision you may feel the need to turn on every light in the room to navigate. I was fine with the dim lighting, but my other half wanted every light on under the sun.. . Overall, I was pleased with The Hotel and it was a great first experience. I'd recommend you check it out if you've never stayed and enjoy it first hand. Thank you for reading.
The only reason I am not giving this hotel 5 stars is because of the smell in the hallways and the fact it isn't as contemporary of decor that I usually like. . . The guy at the front desk went above & beyond! I had lost my debit card & he allowed me to block the incidentals. I told him I was celebrating my birthday and the weekend was kind of rough so he upgraded me to a king suite with a jacuzzi tub! . The service at this hotel is amazing and I really like their casino as well.
I have stayed here twice and booked a total of four rooms. . . Love the lobby and decor and SMELL! AMAZING smell. It is a nonsmoking hotel so that is a plus! The service has always been great. . . Rooms: . Regular Suite: Nice sized suite with cool mirror closets. We had issues with our room on the recent trip so they changed our room to a higher floor with a better view and comped one night. . . V-Suite: Bigger living room area than regular suite but less closet space. . . Wifi: Not good. The reception was really bad. . . Pool: AMAMAMAMAMAMAZING!!!!! LOVED IT!
Mandalay Bay is a wonderful place to stay as long as you have loads of money to spend on food, drink and shade by the pools. Disappointed that there wasn't a coffee maker in the room and had to spend $14 every morning for three cups of regular coffee! The price of beer and mixed drinks was outrageous - $54 for three pina coladas with tip, and the lunches were a minimum of $25 per person.  The food was very tasty though and quantity was generous.  Was very disappointed in the service at our special meet the parents of the groom dinner at Lupo's - the bill came to $800 for nine people (average $75 per person except for two who had pizza) with a couple bottles of wine and two mixed drinks!  The pools were great except when it was 115 degrees and tree shade was minimal - unbrellas $100 and each chair underneath $100! So, bring your pocketbook and enjoy!
Gorgeous hotel (feels a little boutique) on the south end of the strip. Very quiet (pro or con depending on who you are) Loved the room and set up of the suites. We had 2 kids (5yrs old) and 2 adults. Plenty of space for all! Non Smoking hallways which was nice to have with the kids. Would stay there again. Biggest negatives were surrounding the  pool as fun as it is! Which it is fun!!! The pool was really far to walk to - had to cross the casino to Mandalay Bay and walk around outside. The Lazy River was nice but you had to purchase the inner tubes to use - no renting. Bring your own if you can! Chairs to lounge on started at $50 per chair if you want it to have any kind of cushion. Oh and the umbrellas are $50 a piece as well. We were there 4th of July weekend so for the holiday they jumped to $100 a piece. Cabanas looked great and ranged from $350 - $650 depending on day and location.. . Regardless of those negative comments we had a fabulous time. Just wish we were forewarned about the extra charges beforehand!
I was impressed as soon as I walked through the door. This hotel has a very posh feel to it. It is at the south end of the strip and boasts a fabulous bar on the 64th floor called Mix, which flaunts spectacular views of the strip.
The Customer Relations department at Mandalay contacted me several times by email to try to make things right...I'm really impressed with the follow-up!  I'm upping the rating for their customer relations work...
NOTE: My cousin is an M life member and was given a lot of perks during this particular stay. This may not be the typical hotel stay for an average party in Vegas.. . ---. PARKING: THEhotel and Mandalay Bay share the same parking structure. . . CHECK-IN: Check-in area felt serene as the background music made me feel like I was walking into a massage parlor. Since our party arrived before rooms were ready, we could just leave our luggage at the bell desk.. . ROOM: When we came in the suite was pristine. In the living room area was a couch, chair, tables and TV. There was an office area overlooking a view of the pool (my cousin wanted a pool view). This was connected to an area with the two beds and bathroom. . . BATHROOM: For the suite, there was a full bathroom and a bathroom with just a toilet. I only used the full bathroom for showers, I loved having privacy whenever I used the toilet-only bathroom. Also made a good area to change in private.. . SHOWER: The shower was pretty finicky; I wasn't able to get a shower with constant temperature. I had to keep on adjusting the knob because it was either too cold or too hot!. My other cousins really liked their room slippers as they were soft and comfy; they make good souvenirs.. . BEDS: Clean and very comfortable. All of us had a hard time getting out of bed because they were that comfy. I slept on the couch one day, couch was also clean and comfortable. Housekeeping was also nice enough to provide an extra blanket and pillow.. . HOUSEKEEPING: This one housekeeping lady was very nice! While I was in the room studying, housekeeping came by. Noticing me, the lady only offered to replace towels and add toiletries. She offered to give us plenty of toiletries, and plenty did she give! . . ROOM SERVICE: My cousin got $100 room service credit to both suites. We were able to use that by ordering room service on the last day. Room service takes 45-60 minutes from the time of order.. Corned Beef Hash: Poached egg was soft and yolky. Compared to the corned beef hash at Raffles, meat was softer and a tad bit salty.. I also had my cousin's brioche french toast. It was very sweet and tasted more like bread pudding.. . CHECK-OUT: This is why I gave this hotel four stars instead of five. When my cousin used the TV to check balance, she noticed a lot of excess charges. In particular was that she didn't get the room service credit for the other suite. Discussing these excess charges took a lot out of her time (at least an hour), only for the staff to admit that it was an error on their part. At least in the end everything got taken care of.. . This was one of the top 3 hotel rooms I've stayed in Vegas, will come back here.
Great spot. Nice rooms. Comfy beds. Many rooms have a view of the parking lot, but hopefully you are coming here to not be in your room too long. Came here for a bachelorette party. The resort is clean and large, so at first it can be hard to find the correct elevator for THEhotel if you come in through Mandalay Bay. Tip: avoid the long check in lines at Mandalay Bay and check in at THEhotel. There is a hidden reception desk. The pools are fantastic. Moorea Bay allows the ladies to take their tops off, so be prepared. It is free for gals to get in, guys have to pay $40. You can bring your own drinks in if they are in plastic containers.
When we checked in, it was disappointment after disappointment. And a pretty terrible smell permeates the lobby and hall.. We reserved a smoking room two months ago. I called last week to check, and was told it was all good.. We are staying for a week and paying alot of money for that.. We gave up and checked in to a non smoking room with the hope of being moved the next day. They offered us a $25 credit, which I thought was very cheap.. . . The stay was saved by front desk clerk Steve. He handled the situation in the best way he could. He got us moved yesterday afternoon. He was personal and professional.. . TheHotel is lucky to have him.. This would have been a 2 star review, except for Steve.
While my stay at the hotel was less than what I had hoped, I am updating my review and giving the 4 stars based on the great customer service I received regarding my complaints. Not only was I contacted for my yelp review, I also received a follow up email for the survey I had filled out. Their problem resolution exceeded my expectations and I am impressed with this company's professionalism.
thehotel at mandalay bay did a group of 11 of my friends just fine. I thought the maids were fine and did a great job. We had to call up for towels once and they were prompt. My review is taking into account the pricing and value. We got a pretty good price for some suites thanks to a friend of a friend but the original price quoted was pretty good. The location isn't fantastic if you want to be more central on the strip. The casino was in pretty good shape and the decor was very modern. This places loses one star because (as others here have mentioned) there is a horrible smell in the lobby. It isn't repugnant by any means but is somewhat of an amonia/perfume chemical type smell, that drove me mad within a day of my stay. not a big deal i guess but i noticed.....and others did tooo. . The dining is fine and the pool area is pretty big. Would def stay here again... (though from walking and checking out the strip, i think the wynn would be my top choice on my next vegas trip)
I'll start this by saying that I'm a Vegas neophyte and had very little idea of what to expect. After researching numerous options, I found a deal on hotels.com for the  Mandalay Bay for $90 a night and took it being reassured by my friends that the Mandalay Bay was a "nice" hotel. . . And I have to say, they're right in a sort of 4 star Cheesecake Factory sort of way. Despite arriving three hours before check in and standing in a long line, the line moved quickly. Also, the receptionist upgraded us to a suite on the 31st floor in The Hotel as soon as she found out it was our honeymoon. . . The suite was very spacious, clean, with 1 1/2 baths and a wet bar. It's a standard suite, but I would have been blown away of this were a hotel suite back in Boston at three times the price. . . The Mandalay Bay resort itself is mammoth and while I found the combined smell of cigarette and cigar smoke in the casino unpleasant, it's clear they have a better filtration system than most casinos where the smoke burned my eyes and gave me a headache. Other reviewers complained about the patchouli scent in The Hotel's lobby, but I thought it was a pretty decent buffer to stop the smoke from invading the hotel. Up in our room, it was fine. Overall, extra points for great customer service and being gay friendly.
This hotel is awesome.  It's much nicer than the regular hotel at Mandalay Bay.  The rooms are more larger and more spacious.  The beds are more comfortable and the toiletries and amenities are much nicer.  . . However, you don't have to give up the convenience or location.  The lobby connects right into the heart of the Mandalay Bay casino, so you're right in the thick of things.. . Of course to get access to all of this it will cost you at least 30-40% more than a room at Mandalay Bay....but it's worth every penny.. . Return Factor - 90%
How did I miss reviewing The Hotel after our Vegas trip?. . The reasons many people book The  Hotel (the rooftop bar, the connection to Mandalay Bay with its beach and many pools), was not really our reason.  We just wanted a nice hotel, at a good price.  The Hotel surely delivered.. . First of all, the room was huge.  We had a sitting area, with a TV, huge bedroom with many closets, another TV, and bathroom about the size of the bedroom, also with a TV, separate stalls, and double sinks.  I think the entire suite was larger than a typical Boston or NYC apartment.   If Vegas did not have so many slot machines, we really could have spent a lot of time in the room.  And, it was very clean.  And I love all their spa products.  Mini bar was expensive, and be careful to not use it for your own drinks, they charge you if you do!  We had a misunderstanding about this.. but thankfully a quick phone call and they reversed the charge.. . The location is at the top of the strip- so it can be a hike to the other casinos.  But, there are plenty of walkways through each of the casinos, and lots of slot machines, to make the journey fun.  The Hotel is directly connected to Mandalay Bay, which has a ton of restaurants, shops, and again, more slot machines.  Definitely stop at House of Blues - great happy hour, and fun atmosphere.. . The Hotel is also close the airport, so I think also makes for a cheaper cab ride compared to some of the hotels.  Will definitely be on my 'return to' list.
Would be five stars if it wasn't attached to the lackluster Mandalay Bay, where the pools close way too early to actually visit and the casino is sad and boring. The hotel rooms at theHotel though - spectacular! I stayed at Mandalay last time and it was subpar. These were all suites, with a half bath in the front room. Awesome for having people over just to hang out without having to be at a loud bar or smelly casino. Lovely decorating, tons of space, comfy bed. I was here four nights and enjoyed it a ton.
OK I was REALLY pleased with the room, it was in perfect condition. HUGE and wonderful.  the perfect anchor for our work week in Vegas.  we got a corner suite with panorama view (kinda) from the bedroom.  and loved the stay.. . In room dining was OK, as expected, but not scrumptious by any means. but then again, when was in-room ever. ;-). . Staff was fantastic, accommodating and on-the-ball. and they managed to give me the impression that they cared.. honestly, that is great for a hotel.. . Bottom line, I would recommend "the hotel" to a friend, and I will most definitely stay here again.
Customer Service - Excellent, super friendly and accommodating.. . Bed - Not that comfortable.  Very stiff.  So if you have a bad back this is your place.. . Views - Not too spectacular but I was only on the 23rd floor.. . Rooms - Very, very nice and spacious!. . Food - Just ok.  I had the chicken pasta with vodka sauce and peach cobbler.  I didn't really like either of them.. . The entire hotel had a "spa" feel to me.  Too bad I didn't have time to go.  Next time.
A Las Vegas hotel that actually feels like a hotel and not a casino. This is what makes The Hotel a great place to stay.. . Look, I'm not a Vegas fan. I don't care for the nonstop nature of the Strip and I'm not a fan of cigarette smoke. I do, however, come to Las Vegas a few times per year.. . On this trip we stayed at The Hotel. The rooms are all suites. That is a big bonus in-and-off itself. The location, the last big hotel on the strip as you head toward the airport, is another big plus. Finally, the place feels like a hotel and not a big gambling casino. . . You can actually stay in The Hotel and not walk into the casino that adjoins Mandalay Bay, The Four Seasons, and the rest of the MGM Resort complex. This is a nice perk for a family staying in Vegas and on the Strip. Avoiding the casinos means that you can avoid all of the cigarette smoke and the loud noises of the gaming area.. . We had a really pleasant room (ask to be put in a room away from the elevators, there is a fair bit of ambient noise) and a wonderful room service staff. In fact, everyone working at the hotel was very nice. . . I rate The Hotel as a wonderful family friendly hotel for those seeking the Vegas experience without all (there is still a bit) of the overwhelm.
I stayed here for my 30th birthday and really enjoyed it and felt it was worth the high price tag (we came during EDC weekend....). . When we arrived everything was exactly like it described on the website. modern furnishings and very clean. I really liked the decor.. . Two big queen beds, which were comfortable. Couch and chairs enough to host my friends and party in our hotel room before we went out to the clubs.. . The wet bar was great to have, and loved that the bedroom had a place to plug your ipod in so you could listen to music.. . Loved that it was close to the pool and Lights, as well as House Of blues, which we went to. . . It is a bit off the strip, but for my purposes it worked perfectly because everything I wanted to do on that trip was in Mandalay Bay. We did take the tram over to Hooters, and did a bit of walking to get around to some other places, but it wasn't that bad :). . Also, non-smoking! Which made me SO HAPPY! Some stupid group of guys tried to bring a cigar into the elevator when I was in it, and the staff stopped them andtold them it wasn't allowed, and I really appreciated that gesture as I hate smoke!. . Would definitely stay again.
The positives of staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, is that it is a real semi-luxury hotel.  Not just the place connected to a large casino.  You can get in and out without being forced to endure the noise and cigarette smoke most casino hotels make you deal with. Yet dining and club options are right there.. . We did not spend much time in the room, but the suite was large.  Separate bedroom.  One and one half baths. Nice couch in the living room.  Awesome to watch TV as I showered.  Great shower.. . Service was perfect.
OK, have now had the pleasure staying at this hotel two times. . Pros:. All Suites. Separate reservation counter from the Mandalay Bay (not as crowded). You don't even have to walk through or into the casino if you choose not too.. Comfortable beds. Big, spacious shower and tub. Two bathrooms. Cons:. The rooms are nice and well appointed could use some updating however. . Overall I like this place and will be back for sure.
Yes, Mandalay Bay is kind of off on it's own geographically speaking, but I loved staying here at The Hotel.   We had a very nice suite for the weekend and both thought it was great.   Down points are that much of the furniture and decor appeared to be dinged up and in need of some TLC.   Other than that, the staff is beyond helpful and all of the options in terms of restaurants, bars, and the casino are great.
This place is beautiful. It's refreshing compared to the smoky chaos of most hotels on the strip. No long lines to check in either. The rooms were beautiful with comfortable beds and pillows and the bath was huge. Very peaceful and classy. Loved it.
