Came to Las Vegas for my friend's wedding and I stayed here while they stayed at the Imperial Palace in a higher end room.  I spent 1/3 of the money they did and actually had a very pleasant stay in a nice room.  I didn't stay in the main hotel but in the little apartment complex rooms that are detached.  My room was very quiet and very cold for it being over 100 degrees outside.  My friends however were very jealous of my room because it was quite big and everything worked.  As where there room was a bit run down and requiring maintenance.  . . The only real drawback here is that you'll have to walk quite a ways to get to the really good casinos and attractions further along the strip.  Also there are indeed a lot of children here but I could care less because I rarely spent time at the casino here or my room.  I come to Vegas to explore, not camp out at my hotel.  They have great food here too and the best hotel rates for the quality of the rooms in all of Vegas in my opinion.  . . Not for nothing, they do have loose slots in the Casino, and they would be a good start or end to an evening of gambling further along the strip.  But I cannot stress enough how cheap the rates are here, I was usually half lit and fell straight to sleep in my ice cold room when I returned from a night of debauchery anyways.  For gamblers I recommend this place because it will save you money and allow you to gamble longer, just remember to bring your most comfortable walking shoes.
OMG about Circus Circus. best prices for a GREAT hotel. Spent our honeymoon stay here and was so cheap and soooooooooooo nice. Rooms were clean, food was great. Close to everything diffenently a great place to stay. also good for kids with arcade and shows.
Although it may not be the fanciest hotel or the most "poppin", the rooms were clean and the staff was friendly/helpful. Our T.V didn't work in our room and they gladly moved us to a new room promptly. They have affordable blackjack and reasonable hotel prices. Close to everything you'd want to be by and a great family environment :)
not enough staff. it took us too long to check in and out. the direction to the rooms are confusing. you have to take too many elevators to get to your rooms or the parking gargages,well,few children friendly in vegas!
if you go in knowing what you're about to get into - its not that bad.... 1. don't stay here if you don't have kids! don't stay here if you're on college spring break - you're going to pay a fortune taxing down the strip to the hotels you should've stayed at.. 2. get the $25.99 All day All you can eat buffet - its not advertised, you have to ask for it. for 2 adults and 2 kids who eat free - its well worth it. the breakfast was awesome, lunch and dinner was so-so. stick to salads and prime rib and you won't be disappointed. the desserts were awesome! we kept going back during the day just for some sweet treats!. 3. stayed in the casino tower - so that we could go back and forth from midway to take a nap! . 4. check in was FAST! we came on a monday at 3pm and waited in line for 10 mins, no lie - it was FAST!! they made a mistake in our reservation and booked us a West Tower King - but i showed them my Expedia itinerary for the Casino double queen - and it was fixed right away. . 5.everyone was so nice - i don't know about the other reviewers who had such a bad experience - if you don't expect the Bellagio, then its really a good stay. for $36/night - you can't beat it!. 6. my only complaint was that it was incredibly smokey. with my 3 year old's allergies, his eyes were puffy, watery, and he got a runny nose. i didn't think it was a valid complaint until we went to Caesar's and noticed that there wasn't any smokey smell in the air! Circus definitely needs to work on their ventilation.. 7. all in all - it was a great vacation. breakfast buffet - pool - lunch buffet - midway games - dinner buffet - adventure dome - and finally sleep!!!!! we didn't have to leave the hotel at all (except to go to Caesar's Serendipity for some ice cream!).  its great for families on a budget!
This review is based on the entertainment in the Adventuredome, the games floor and the circus acts.  We didn't stay in this hotel.. . This hotel is the best place in Vegas to spend fun time with kids.  Ours are 7 and 5 and they had the most fantastic day here, so much so we went back the next day for more.. . We spent one day doing the fair rides which were perfect for our boys .  There were plenty of rides for them to go on and best of all there were no queues (W/e April 8-11 2011) and because they had wristbands they were able to go on each of the rides over and over again. It was dream come true for them and I have never seen them smile so much - they had the BEST time.. . Over the course of the two days we were there we also saw some of the free Circus acts which are superb and worth taking the time to watch.  The acrobats particularly were amazing.  Our 5 yo tells us that watching these shows were the best part of our holiday.. . We had our cartoons drawn by the cartoonist on the Fairground floor and they are brilliant.  The kids loved this experience and the pictures were great and reasonably priced at $20 per head.. . We also had our photographs taken Gangster style upstairs.  This was great fun.  We were all dressed up as 1930's gangsters and then had our photographs taken.  I wans't bowled over by the quality of the photographs.  They clearly can take excellent pictures as they have many great ones on display but I suspect it depends on the photographer and ours lacked in imagination and skill.  Still, we came away with two prints, one as part of our family package at $49 which we felt was very reasonable and one of our boys for an additional $39 which was extortionate but expected.  As with all of these things they make their money through the extra prints you can't resist buying once you've had the shoot done.  Fortunately we only liked one of them!. . All in all, if you have children you must take them to Circus Circus, succumb to the child in you and just enjoy,  It's tacky but an awful lot of fun.. . All this said, there's not a chance I'd stay here, even with children, it's clearly a dump and although super cheap  just too awful to stay in if you can help it.   It is crawling with children and is seriously unglamorous and tacky.
I caught the free acrobatic act and was amazed at the agility, skill and ample camel toe that all came free of charge! Then I tried to beat little kids at arcade games and spilled my beer on a machine :( poor kids. Or poor me, I never even stood a chance. . . After that I vaguely remember playing beer pong with some frat boys ($10 a pitcher). The bartender was great. Old dude who had some cool stories to tell.. . This place is a classic! Just as trashy and ghetto as legend portrays it.
I read a ton of negative reviews for this hotels and was actaully dreading our visit.  In actuality, this place is fantaistic.  Rooms are nice and clean. They have non-smoking floors with a note that says if you smoke in the room you'll be charged $250 cleaning fee.  I didn't notice a "trashy or ghetto" feel to it.    It's normal, average family people enjoying themselves.  . . We stayed in the Skyrise tower on the 21st floor.  Just past the Adventure Dome area.  . . You have to enjoy children. They are everywhere-hey, it's a circus people! What else would you expect?  You should enjoy walking if you don't have a car, because it is towards the end of the strip.  We walked just about everywhere. It's ~15-20 min walk to get down to the main part of the strip.   We did use the Deuce bus pass 1 day which was very nice. . . The price is great.. We arrived ~noon.  Not too many people in line and they had a lot of people working the desk so check in was speedy.. . I felt like we were staying in an amusement park/county fair but even better because it was air conditioned, no bugs or hot sun beating down on you for the day.  It was so much fun.  The rides aren't bad for such a small place. Midway games were cheesy but fun.   Reminded me when I was a kid and was given a roll of quarters to play in the arcade when we visited our local amusement park.. . The casinos were ok.  We don't gamble much so a few dollars in the penny slots each day made me happy.   At least this one didn't have the strong smoke smell that many of the other ones on the strip had.  Slots of fun  has a pizza smell instead of a smoke. . . . Pay attention to the type of traveler you are.  Do you want a lot of service? People waiting on you hand a foot?  Do you hate children?  Do you want to be right on the strip with lots of dance clubs nearby? Do you want trendy decor? Go someplace else. . . This is a good place for families and people who enjoy the simple pleasures and don't mind walking.  Yes, it really can use a coat of paint on the outside-I really think the tent is supposed to be red and not pink.  But remember it's been around a few years.. . Watch out for the "information" booth when you first get into the lobby.   Silly me, I thought it was a real information booth.   It's a sales pitch for some vacation/time share thing.  They'll want you to go to a presentation before you get your tickets.  Be aware of the nice people in suits wanting to know where you're from.  They just want to rope you into a sales presentation.
I didn't stay here...only played games here.. I remember I sucked at the ring game and I had to pay my brother to win me a freaking doll.. . I remember I had a 5 finger discount on another gigantic doll and that's about it.
Circus Circus home to Midway is truly a good memory for me when I was younger. Its more of a family casino hotel in the sense it is more kid friendly than other hotel casinos on the strip. I've been to Circus Circus countless amounts of time and it is a pleasant experience each time though if you're looking for shopping euphoria and gambling then search elsewhere. But otherwise I would reccomend it since it is cheaper than other hotels and offers about same amenities and serves the same function. You can always walk elsewhere to have fun and gamble and later walk back to sleep so its your call but good place and I always had fun. Midway can get addicting even for us adults so be careful about that! But otherwise have fun and go win yourself a teddy bear instead of just losing all your cash on the tables ;) It's Vegas! Have fun! Stay Safe too!
I stayed in the Manor, Building C, 3rd floor, Thurs night - Sunday morning.  The rooms on either side of me were occupied and I never heard them. From what I found this was the cheapest hotel on the strip. The room didnt have a mini-fridge but there is an ice machine near the elevators so we used little trash cans filled with ice to keep the booze cold.  Room service came every day.  If you compare Circus Circus with a much nicer place (Caesars Palace, Bellagio, etc) then of course it would get 1 or 2 stars but this is a completely different league, for $83/night I feel I got what I paid for, so four stars.
I just spent the weekend at circus circus! I had made a reservtion for the lodge. But as I arrived at 7:30 in the morning I paid 30 dollars for a early check in. and the put me in the sunrise tower. I saw a room in the manor and the casino tower (family in those areas) and to be honest I am so glad I did do the early check in because the lodge is a little run down and dirty with no security out there like the website says. But back to my room. It was clean and big with two queen beds clean linens and a clean towels. The one complaint I have of the actual room was the tv was to small and hardly anychannels on it. I actually had no problems with noise it was really quite for a weekend. It is a old hotel but for someone on a budget its fine I spent 215 for 3 days, early check in and resort fees.
We tried out Circus Circus because they had the cheapest deal for a busy weekend.  On top of that they gave us Free Buffets, too bad we didn't get to experience that due to our busy weekend.  . . The Staff were great, hardly any kids where we were at.  I believe there may be two sides to Circus Circus.  Our rooms were on the Skyrise section with a nice window view.  . . The room was decent; which i thought was okay due to the fact that we wouldn't be in our room much besides going to bed or getting ready to go out.  They also had a spacious restroom and cable tv. . . Checking in and out was a breeze.  The line moved fairly quickly. . . The only con is the loud AC
i have never stayed here and there are no plans in the future either. but i always have fun here. the games are cool. I'm always wining stuffed animals. last visit it was 2 Domos. a dollar a game cant beat that better than the carnival. everything is a bargain here from drinks to souvenirs. i have no idea how the food is here.
Going here as a kid, I really liked this place. I didn't notice anything about cigarette smells, dirty rooms, old furniture, whatever. The place has an awesome adventure dome, awesome restaurants (from my perspective, the mozzarella sticks at Pink Pony were fab) and it's huge. And it's in Vegas. If you have kids, I recommend Circus Circus, because trust me, they will not care about the aforementioned flaws. They will care about the awesome things. . . Best part: one of the ticket machines broke down in the adventure dome, so we went and got a staff member to help out. As he was fixing it, a whole bunch of tickets came pouring out (a malfunction of the best degree) and the guy gave them to me to keep! I didn't even have to play games to win them. Just got them for keeps, just like that. So off I went and cashed them in for an oversized stuffed animal (a dog, just for those who are interested), and it still sits in my room, I can see it as I type this.. . And this is why Circus Circus rocks.
I quit doing drugs years ago, but if I was ever going to go on one last bender, I'd want to do it at Circus Circus. This place is the only Casino on the strip that still has the Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas vibe. The desperation is palpable.. . The big top may be part of it. It seems antiquated and corny compared to the other free shows on the strip, like the water show at the Bellagio or the big boat in front of Treasure Island. But you know what? I love it anyway. It makes me feel like I'm in Las Vegas. Let's face it, this is a trashy town. Why dress it up?. . And you know what else? I hate gambling in those huge ultra luxury resorts. You know how they built those? By whacking gamblers. It is what it is. I like gambling at Circus Circus. You can see that they haven't done a damn thing to spruce it up since 1981, so they can afford to have looser slots. Or so goes my logic, anyway.. . Love it or hate it, any trip to the strip is incomplete until you have some big fun at the big top.
Circus Circus was a wonderful experience for us. When we arrived our check-in was suppose to be at 3:00pm. But because of the outstanding service of housekeeping I was able to check in at 1:30pm. LOL. When we arrived at the room it was simple. large window, two queen beds, TV, table with two chairs. And the best part, THE A/C was already set at 70, because it was extremely hot outside, 99 degrees! Bathroom was small, but yet it was very clean. We enjoyed our stay there and plan to be back to the Circus Circus Manor. We also had free wi-fi that was included to the room. Like i said on my quick tip, not pricey but COMFORTABLE!
this hotel is not amazing, but for the price, it is good..
Great place to stay if you are on a budget.
We all came here during the day to win some prizes for my friend's dog. Okay not some prizes... MANY prizes.. . Yeah, the paint on the building here is faded and crusty, the rooms might suck, bathrooms might be horrible etc etc, but as for the carnival games floor, I'll always be a fan. If you have kids, it'll be like their favorite carnival game place ever. It's like they want to give away the stuffed animals and prizes here.. Just to name a few, we won: smurf dolls, hello kitty, angry bird, bears, banana dolls, fish dolls, penguins and so on.. If you use the machine and break a hundred dollar bill, you get a buy one get one free voucher. So pretty much every game that the 5 of us played played, we used 3 bucks for 6 games.. . Oh, and this is the only place I played blackjack for about 10 minutes. I came up $16. Yeahhh bitches, how bout them apples??. . Cliff Notes: I'm a fan of their carnival games floor for winning prizes.
Okay, so I'm updating this because Circus Circus e-mailed me a complimentary 2-night stay in their West Tower due to the inconvenience. The new tower is way better than their old Skyline tower, plus they threw in a view of the Strip so that made my stay much more enjoyable. Although the bathtub still needs a little work, the room was much more comfortable and service this time was a lot more streamlined. I am glad that this time around I was able to relax after a few nights on the town! (P.S. I did stay elsewhere for the rest of my vacation though...CC is nicer than it was years ago but I can't really justify staying there again unless I am with kids or need a really cheap room on the Strip and I was able to get a really nice suite at another hotel for a very decent price via an online sale).
circus circus, my favorite place in Vegas.. yes, it's run down but . I visit here every time I am in Vegas.. . 1. arcade and games. 2. $2 black jack table. 3. cards are washed by hand not machine. 4. always has some kind of deal. 5. one time I win over $100 at the slot with the free slot play they gave me.. 6. you can get a last minute room for cheap. . the buffet I don't recommend. unless you like fried chicken.. . PS the Halloween maze is amazing.
Attending the Circus Circus wasn't bad at all. Even though being there for only a few days, there is plenty to keep yourself occupied throughout. . The buffet they offer has a wide variety of satisfying foods, from main entrees, to sides and deserts. If you don't wanna leave the hotel, I recommend stuffing your face at the buffet. (Specially the ice cream!). The rooms were neatly organized and cleaned all around. The air was breathable and there was no horrific smell. the bathrooms were kept stocked on the recommendables. The shower, toilet and sink were up to span. The bed sheets were changed daily and the beds were nicely made. With plenty of tv channels and free WiFi, you'll be plenty busy for those who decide on takin a lazy day.. The casino was also a plus of course. Not overcrowded with people as this hotel is also kid friendly, so the gambling area is sectioned off. There were plenty of machines to choose from to get that gambling fix. One floor up is a wide selection of shops to take a peek at that are not to hard on your wallets. Even though it is Vegas. . A couple flaws I found. It was nearly impossible to find parking for me, as I had to drive in the very back. Also with construction being done on a main road entering the hotel, traffic can pile up, as I almost witnessed an accident. . I would consider the Circus Circus the backyard of the other hotels and casinos that are on the strip but an excellent hotel nonetheless. (Easy on the pocket book.) I highly recommend to anyone traveling across Las Vegas.
Been coming here since I was a kid. Stayed in the Skyrise Tower before and it was great no complaints. This time we got the chance to stay at the Circus Circus Manor Motor Lodge. Its was the chepest rates. So we said what the hell let's try it out. Arriving I thought, damn its gonna be real ghetto with all kinds of weird looking people. Wasn't to sure about it. Upon arriving we check in went to room and it kinda looks like appt complex. Seemed really quiet and sane normal looking people. When we went in room I checked everything from bathroom, to cabinets, to safe, to bed and under bed. Looking for any nasty s*** we didn't like or looked dirty. But hey it was actually pretty clean, no roaches and no bed bugs! The bed was very comfortable, better then I expected! The only down side is that its a walk to casino and the strip. But not too far. So wear some comfy shoes. I wouldn't mind staying here again if Skyrise Tower is all booked. So people try it out, its not as bad as some people make it seem. Cheapest rates, hey more money to gamble and drink...
I love Circus Circus. Although there weren't many games downstairs, I still had fun playing there as well as inside the adventuredome. And I highly advise that you should give circus circus a visit while it's still october. They are having special events since it's the month of Halloween. At night, adventure dome is decorated with halloween stuff and there are haunted houses(or was it maze?) and games. Although I didn't go, it sounded really fun. The bummer part was that there was a price. But from seeing people coming out looking like they had a good time seems worth it. Also, circus circus closed off the 13th floor and turned it into some scare floor. The staff dressed up like zombie elevator operators so it was pretty cool. A lot of people lined up for it so that must've been fun as well. So if you are headed to Vegas, take a trip to Circus Circus for some halloween fun.
My bestie and I went to Vegas for a weekend and stayed here.. . If you're looking for luxury, this is not your hotel.. . If your requirements are more along the lines of cheap, on the Strip, and has beds and a locking door, Circus Circus is for you.. . We paid ~$30 a night-- you can't beat those prices! No complaints about the room whatsoever. We were worried beforehand that it would be too loud, but it wasn't at all.. . The staff was great. Our room was far from the hotel check-in, but we parked our car by the front, so they delivered our luggage to the room for us! We forgot to hang up the "Do Not Disturb" sign, so housekeeping came by one day (around 11) when we were still in bed (super hungover) and we told them to come back later-- which they did, surprisingly.. . Had a great time, totally served the needs of a couple of broke college students!
I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel, even though i am underage and i cannot gamble, i really had a great time in their Super fun Arcade section!!!! i even got a huge pink colored teddy bear for my younger sister, with all the tickets i collected! haha
If you come here knowing what to expect you will probably leave content.  Yes it's full of kids on the weekend, yes it's a little bit old, but it's crazy cheap and on the strip.  I stayed in the recently updated west tower and for 150 for 3 nights it was quite enjoyable.  Did I mention they have the star warsslots?
Good .... But the Casino ... a bit too old ...
Not as bad as people say it is.. . I stay here all the time (get free rooms every year because pop's got the player's game card). They're remodeling the place so rooms are getting nicer (even though they are decent) and I honestly have to say, I have NEVER gotten any bedbugs problem or anything related to bugs at any of my stays (even as a kid). I'm not really into anything fancy & pricey like the Wynn Hotel etc so I'm fine with Circus Circus. Heck I rather spend all the money paying for food than booking an expensive room. . . If you're going to stay here, definitely go to Midway, especially if you have kids. Never disappoints me. BUT if you hate kids, run for your life. This ain't the place for you. Almost all their games are $1. YUP, only $1. I never leave Vegas w/o winning a stuff animal here. Shoot, did I say animal? I mean animalS. I bring home bags of them toys home. I guess I'm just a kid at heart. Since your at it, don't forget to check out the Adventuredome (indoor theme-park) either. Are you cheap? Not to worry, you don't even have to pay if you want to go on the rides; your "fun-book" (when you receive at check-in) gives you a coupon for riding TWO rides for free. The book also has other  coupons for free stuff too so people, don't just leave that "fun-book" hangin' and check it out.  . . Last but not least, do not I repeat, DO NOT eat at their buffet. Not worth it, even if it's 15.99 for adults.
Honestly, Circus Circus doesn't get enough credit for their relatively cheap and fun carni games at Midway.  While I wouldn't recommend the hotel to stay (though there are newer/remodeled non-smoking hotel rooms that are now available), you can't deny the children their fun and games while they're in Vegas.. . Games cost from 25 cents to $3 (that's cheaper than our local OC Fair, folks, and available 365).  As it goes, the higher the cost the larger the prize.  Most of their prizes are current, including Hello Kitty and Minions from Despicable Me.  Most booths allow you to trade in your smaller prizes for the larger ones, if won from the same booth.  Midway also has a fun and FREE acrobatics show performed every couple hours.  It seems always crowded, even later at night, but the energy is vibrant and the kids (and adults) always love it.. . There's also a small carousel themed stand/booth that sells fairly priced snacks and drinks.  The best part is that the entire thing slowly rotates and has ample seating so you can take a load off from all the games.
i loved here the only bad thing was the weekend i was there  it was not a  lot of people in the place. time 11pm-3am!! the pictures below are not up to date.  i love the tables but i know this is "circus circus" is for kids but hell i left mine at home for a reason. but, i guess that is what i get for going to a kids place. not their fault. The room is wonderful for the price to stay at  this place
I just want to give major props to the plumber on staff who saved me from a mental disaster.. I stayed here for a short vacation last summer.. I was in the bathroom washing my face or brushing my teeth or whatever, and being incredibly clumsy accidentally dropped the pendant part of a very expensive necklace down the sink drain. This was a very expensive gift from a relative so I was freaking out, not even gonna say how much.. I didn't dare run the faucet.. I could see a bit the necklace the top of the sink. After mentally freaking out a bit I called the front desk and an hour later they sent their plumber on staff up.. . After I explained the situation he got some tools, opened up the pipes below the bathroom sink and retrieved my necklace for me. That was a HUGE relief for me.. I think this is why I don't wear super nice stuff when I go out.. . I'll write more about the hotel itself later, but this always stands out in my memory.
we had a weekend at planet hollywood but wanted to stay in vegas an extra night. they sent us a deal for circus circus which ended up being like 32$ it's at the end of the strip but we didn't mind walking (that's what you do in vegas anyway).  for those of us on a budget, this was the way to go! . . the room was fine ( who wants to hang out in the room?) for us and was clean. it was also pretty spacious. the casino had a little of everything too. shops, restaurants, and of course gambling. we got a little coupon book with a BUNCH of deals in it like free drinks and stuff. . . an unexpected bonus was the performances. they do circus performances upstairs in the casino several times a day and the ones we saw were pretty amazing. contortionists and acrobats really blew us away, and the greatest part? FREE. aww yea!. . all in all this was a great deal. if you're looking for a cheap place to lay your head at night, this is the way to go. good luck finding a hotel room at motel 6 for under 40$, much less a hotel in vegas
We had a great time at Circus Circus! There is a lot of things to do at this hotel but it is a 15 min walk to the strip. The customer service was great and the room was clean and smelled nice, we would stay here again, the price is right and we enjoyed our 3 night stay.
Circus Circus is a nice hotel and it has a lot of things to do such as the Adventuredome, the free circus performances, the arcade, etc. It is the most kid friendly hotel in Vegas no doubt about that. The hotel towers seem nice.
the casino? alittle outdated, but what do you expect for one of the oldests casinos. . we came here for the adventuredome! 26.95 not too bad, however they place a ton of games and other (not on the menu) rides all around to drive your kids crazy, and to try to make more money , the rides were well maintained , and they are all indoors.
I stayed here about 10 years ago when I went to vegas with my family, and when my boyfriend and I were looking for an inexpensive vacation spot, I figured why not. Circus Circus recently renovated most of the hotel, so the creepy clown pictures on the walls and clown commercials when you turn on the TV are gone, yay! The rooms was nice and clean (we were in the Skyrise tower) and the house keeping staff were very nice. We enjoyed walking around the hotel and adventuredome and using all the coupons in the book they gave us at check-in. The only downside is that there are tons of kids and thepeople attracted to the hotel tend to be rude and oblivious to people moving around them, so after the 20th time some lady pushing a Cadillac sized stroller stops for no reason directly in front of you, you get a little irritated. All in all we enjoyed our staff and recommend the Blue Iguana for a quick and affordable bite inside the hotel.
I used to love this place when I was a kid. Which kid didn't? It's a great place to stay if you aren't planning on staying in the hotel most of the time. The rates of the rooms are pretty affordable, and it's kid friendly which is plus. There isn't really much to say, I would give it 3 stars because some of the services are outta wack here but I can't defy my childhood memories!
I've slept in this hotel 3 times.  My first time as a child.  I had great memories of coming here with my family, watching the free shows, playing at the midway, at riding the rides at the adventuredome.. .  The second time, I decided to stay here again when I was the legal gambling age and drinking age.  I barely slept  in our room.  I managed to stay awake with minimal naps, redbull, candy, Krispy Kreme and coffee.  We stayed above the casino and the room was remodeled.  The beds were comfy.  We had a nice view of the strip.  Great pressure in the shower and the hot water maintained.  I don't smoke, neither my husband, so when we were in the casino the ventilation wasn't that good.  But they didn't pass the law in Hawaii yet (no smoking in restaurant, indoors, smoking has to be 20 ft. from any building etc.) so it was bearable.  . . For my most recent stay, I traveled with my family and my parents. We stayed here for six days. My oldest child is 8 and my youngest is 17 months.  We stayed in the manor lodge.  It's the farthest away from the casino, about half a block.  There is an indoor bridge that helps you get there in a few minutes.   Parking is located in front or in back of the building. . . There is no smoking allowed in the manor lodge that we stayed at.  The room was a decent size.  We got two queen size beds, which were nice and comfy. There is NO refrigerator, but a cooler instead.  There is No microwave.  We were on the ground floor and it was pretty quite through our whole stay.  The wall paper was peeling a bit, but that didn't bother my family.  We had a bathtub, good shower pressure, and it stayed hot through out my shower.  However, when I turned it up to a certain degree you could hear the pipes banging each other.  This also happened to the other room near us.  But I could only hear it when I was in the bathroom.  . . The room had a decent flat screen  tv that showed about 20 channels.  Two of it had children shows.  It had a safe but you had to pay to use it each time.  The housekeeper came around at 9:30 am.  . . I didn't realize on my last two stays but they have 2 outdoor pools.  Its underneath the bridge and closest to manor lodge.  Everyday it was filled with families.  We didn't use it because the heat was just to unbearable for me.  My oldest son asked a few times, but I offered to go to the midway instead.. . The Casino:  . The ventilation has improved, but at certain times you can smell the smoke. Servers would come periodically any time of the day and offered drinks.  Security is pretty on it in ensuring your kids are just passing through and not watching you gamble.  . . Midway:. Circus Circus has the world's largest permanent indoor Circus.  There's a good assorment of games that you would find at the carnival.  About 200 according to our hotel pamphlet.  They also have a good amount of arcade games.  There are a few games where your child will win no matter what, as long as there under 12.  Thre are also FREE cirucus acts almost every hour.  We watched about 5 acts and there were all worth your time. C'mon, it's FREE.  At Midway they have a McDonald's in the area and a spinning carousel type of snack area that sells hot dogs, gelato and other carnival type of snacks.   . . The Adventuresome Theme Park:  . If you have kids 12 and under make sure to stop at the Adventure Dome.  Check out my review for this place:. http://www.yelp.com/biz/adventuredome-theme-park-las-vegas-3#hrid:F3kRusbgHZLXHz3KDUO5tg. . I know I go against the grain of the other Yelp reviews.  You get what you pay for and for the price.  I believe it met my expectations.
I'm always surprised this place is still in business. We had some family in town and they stayed here at the KOA. I LOVE how easy this casino is to get to from the freeway. The parking garages are a little confusing.
Come here, if, and only if, you are with kids. It is the perfect place for kids. It has a kids casino, amusement park, and circus shows. Otherwise, stay away. It is far away from the strip: you will either be paying a ton for taxi or fainting every 2min walking in the Vegas heat. There also is not much to do in the hotel for anyone over 13.
We did not stay at the hotel but we came over for the cheap buffet and the Midway with circus acts. The Midway was a lot of fun! The kids had a blast playing some games and the prices aren't bad. We won a few stuffed animals and had a good time. I enjoyed watching the circus performers! ZUMA ZUMA, who we loved on America's Got Talent, were absolutely amazing at Circus Circus! They were lively, fresh, and very talented. LOVE these guys! The clown was pretty good for the children. They seemed to like him. Thanks for the afternoon of fun! We may come back again! Only drawback I saw was for the people checking in. It looked like a war zone! There were LOTS of people in line. Of course..it was just yesterday which was a Friday. That could explain why :-). I am glad I didn't have to wait in that line.
There are 2 play areas:  One within the hotel itself and one in the pink dome.  The dome has rides that can range from a single ride $5-8.  Or you can get a day pass Jr under 48 inches $16 and Regular over 48 inches $26.  There are also carnival games that are about $1-$2.  Inside the hotel game area has arcade games, carnival games, and a circus show.  I love their set up for the circus show, they have bleachers set up for audience and no matter where you are you can see the show, even if you are downstairs gambling.
Who could complain to the price of $30 a night in West Tower with the pretty view of Las Vegas. . I reserved the room with one Queen bed in Skyrise Tower; but they upgraded for me to a room Kingbed, almost top floor in West Tower. My room is right in the end of the  hallway which I am glad because it is more quiet. I am not sure if Skyrise Tower rooms are better; however, I love the room i got. Sure there are some minor issues such as worn out carpet, or peeled wallpaper in the bathroom, but It is really no big deal for me since I am not spending my time in the room much. Again with $30/night  which even cheaper than a motel, I cant find any reasons to complain. From here, you can take the elevator down to level 2 to reach fitness center and adventure dome. . Like many other hotels, there is a safe in the room to store your valuable, it is free to use.. Staff :Only 1 out of many staff that I interact with wasn't friendly, she was very professional however. She must be tired with the late night shift. Again nobody likes to deal with crazy, rude customers, so be nice with them and you ll get what you want. . Well the reason i gave it four stars is because except the manor rooms, there is no fridge .After struggling with 110 degree and hot dessert heat, i'd love to have a cold drink when going back to the room. There is a vending machine but they charge $3 for a bottle of water, forget that. So make sure you get a case of water along with the cooler before coming here. You can can get ice from the ice machine to fill the cooler. If you come here during summer trust me, you will need it. . Another reason for four stars is because of the slot machines, may be it just me, but I don't like to play with the slot machines here. They have a low percentage payout. I never won once in here. My luck at Paris Hotel is better since I won $80 for $5 I put in the slot machine.. . I didn't have a chance to try to buffet here because 24hr buffet deal is better. . .  Overall, my stay at Circus Circus was very pleasant and happy, I felt like a kid again.
Just got back from Las Vegas, and yes, we stayed at Circus Circus.  I was quite scared after reading all the reviews about this place.. . First of all, we did not have to walk through the casino to get to the registration desk.  We entered through the back where most people were being dropped off by a taxi or parked their car rentals.  So, if your taxi dropped you off at the front, it must be a taxi driver that doesn't know the hotel!!!!. . We had to wait maybe ten minutes to register and we did get a guy that was not friendly at all!  His name was Richard - he looked fairly young, so may have been new.  BUT still no smile, no welcome to the hotel, nothing!!!  If you don't like what you are doing, leave!  Don't make people feel so unwelcome to the hotel!!!. . When we got to our room on the 22nd floor, the door was WIDE open.  I didn't feel comfortable staying in it so we went back down to change rooms.  They gave us a room on the 35th floor!  Gorgeousview of the mountains!  The rooms were clean.  Even the carpet seemed fine as some people did say that it didn't look very clean but ours was.  The beds were comfortable, the linens were clean and the bathroom was clean.  And like other reviewers said, the wall paper was peeling from the walls but not too bad.  That was probably the only complaint.  We opted not to have our roomed clean the whole time we stayed there so don't know what housekeeping is like.  . . There were tons of places to eat.  At at the Westpoint Deli and was very good.  Rock n Rita's was ok . . . very slow with breakfast but expected it from other reviews.  My cousin picked up a dozen donuts from Krispy Kreme and we left them sitting in the hot van when we were at Hoover Dam.  After we got back, we looked in the box expecting a big pool of sugar but nope, nothing melted!!!!!!!!  Kinda gross!!!!!. . It was a very busy hotel.  Our room was great, quiet and spacious for the three of us.  Even the elevator wait wasn't too bad.  We didn't have to deal with many of the staff but the ones that we did, they were nice.  . . The kids went to the pool once.  But it closed at 8PM!!  I don't know why it was so early but the kids seemed to have had fun.. . Parking was a nightmare sometimes, but we always found a spot.  . . If we ever head back to Vegas, I would be happy to stay on this hotel, just make sure it's the West Tower.
ok, so it's not exactly on the main strip and about a 5 minute walk. The front desk is hidden in the basement in the last building, and this place is just huge.. I did get an amazing deal through hotels.com and got a very clean and very well appointed rooms for that. So value for money was in favor for me giving this 4*. I I had to pay close to $100.- for a night, it would only have received 3, but still... a pretty great place !
Circus Circus was the first place I ever stayed inVegas.  It's changed somewhat since then, but it's a lot of the same.  There are always a lot of kids around, but what we love about Circus is that it's one of the older places, old school Vegas, and we like that.  A dying breed.  Even though we don't have kids, we still love to visit the Midway, and see the musicians who play for the free circus acts - they are all very good.  I always win a prize too!  A stuff animal!  We've visited the Adventure Dome but it's really loud and cramped....and I don't think I'd go on any of the rides.  In the main casino area, they also do have a Krispy Kreme which is good, we usually stop there.  This is one of the few casinos we still visit on the strip.  The others seem too touristy.
My husband and I wanted to take our daughter to Circus Circus while she was off for winter break. We had an awesome time!!! My expectations were really low because of all the yelp bad reviews but was amazed. A lot of fun games for kids and adults at the midway and we enjoyed 3 circus type shows for free :) Here are some tips but first... is you like glam and wow DO NOT stay here and DO NOT compare Circus Circus to the other casinos ... each casino is different for a reason. I strongly recommend Circus Circus for families visiting Las Vegas. Keep in mind they do have a resort fee but internet is included, $ 9.95 per night. READ READ before you book any room!! This is stated on their website btw. . . Tips:. . 1. Before you visit casino/hotel look at the casino/hotel layout and that way you will know where everything is! ( they have a map/layout of casino on their website) or you can just google it.. . 2. STAY AWAY manor building. Its an old motel across the street from the casino..it's a walk! and that's why it's so cheap. Duh!. . 3. We stayed in the main casino tower and our room was remodeled , nice flat screen tv and our room was BIG and CLEAN. This tower was quiet and we never had to wait for an elevator. Also we were closer to the MIDWAY. Stay here :) the west tower in more crowded so if you want fun and want a quiet room stay at the casino tower.
Not too sure why everybody seems to complain about this hotel. In all honesty it wasn't bad at all except for the foul smell of cigarette and wet dog in the casino.. . We stayed for 4 days and arrived at 6 in the morning. Although the earliest check-in is allowed at 8am, the bell desk was able to store our luggage until a room opened up for us. So while we waited we decided to hang out in the casino. Of course its an older hotel and the carpet is stained with the smells of cigarettes but towards the exit/entrance to slots-of-fun the room smelt like a foul fart that pickled and didn't air out.. . Anyways, 8am came so we decided to check in, although there was a $10 early check in fee we didn't care that fee was dirt cheap to get into our room 7 hours earlier than normal check in time, we got a nice non-smoking room in the tower above the lobby which was nice. A King-Sized bed and the bathroom toiletries were stocked and fresh.. . The only downside of the room was that we could hear our neighbors flush the toilet. . . There is a great cheap breakfast buffet downstairs and the boyfriend enjoined the Krispy Kreme stand. We did get lost somewhere between the adventure dome and the midway but it was totally fun and worth it to play something else besides slots and enjoy a few free performances from circus acts.. . This Hotel was totally convenient and worth the price. Plus being in Vegas you aren't supposed to spend you whole day in your hotel room, you are supposed to gallivant and explore the strip and what not so it was perfect for us.
Well, I don't know if it is because my familyand I ALWAYS come to this Circus Circus Hotel every time we go to Las Vegas and don't really stay else where, but this place is awesome! I have always loved the look and not to mention the rides and games are ALWAYS fun! =) Circus Circus is my childhood to Las Vegas! Can't wait to go back!
I don't know why so many people complained about this hotel. It was clean, cheap, and the rooms were very comfortable to stay in. Huge bathroom. Our rooms were cleaned everyday by the very kind maids. Tons of room to put clothes. 2 safes. Great view of Vegas and so much to keep you entertained right inside the hotel itself. They have a huge carnival place for everyone of all ages to go enjoy themselves. Tons of gift shops and a very huge casino if you love to gamble. They have arcade games for the little kids and big kids. Bars are located right near the casino. Friendly helpful staff. I would go back. Only complaint I honestly can come up with is there is no refrigerator or microwave. Those were the only downfalls I can think of and that's not enough for me to not go back. Definitely give it a try folks.
OK. If you have kids this is a great place for them to run around and have a good "kid" time. It's such a throw back to a time when people took their kids to Vegas and didn't map out an entire day of activity for them. Not exactly a soccer mom's dream environment for children but what the heck. If your a fan of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" you can see the revolving bar that his attorney had so much trouble stepping off of. Also, there is this great craps table that is just below where they stage the Circus show. It gives you this 180 degree sightline of the "midway" so you can throw some dice, have a drink and keep your eyes on the kids all at the same time. See, you still might win that Parent of the Year award.
Circus Circus brings back fond memories of my childhood playing at the Midway and watching the free circus acts under the Big Top!. We paid $35 per night including resort fee (and a free coupon book with 2 free midways games and a free Adventuredome ride!) and got upgraded for free to the West Tower (recently renovated, located right next to the check in desk and valet parking) and the rooms are great!. Tastefully decorated in a contemporary fashion, flat screen TV, granite countertops in the bathroom, excellent water pressure in the shower, and comfy beds!. . With the exception of the lobby area, the rest of the hotel is very smoky and they dont scent the air like they do at TI, Mirage, Venetian, and some of the other newer and fancier hotels.. . The Midway was totally dead on a weeknight!. . The Adventuredome was great!  DiskO was thrilling and the Canyon Blaster Rollercoaster was fun and had two loops and two corkscrews!  This was the first rollercoaster I went on as a child and its much smoother than the Manhattan Express Rollercoaster at the NY Hotel!. . Free valet was PAINFULLY slow, especially when waiting to drop off our car everytime we came back to the hotel!  We waited a good five minutes in the car until I got out and went up to valet guy and asked him to help us and he said he thought we wanted to relax in the car a bit before getting out!  What an idiot!. . The Circus Kids store on the same Promenade level as the Adventuredome was great!. The owner was totally friendly, knowledgeable, helpful and patient!. EXCELLENT selection of Hello Kitty items!. Random tip: If you have T-mobile, 4G cell reception is hit and miss in this store.
I was expecting worse so here's to a decent review.  I had kids with me on a family road trip and wanted something in Vegas kid friendly.  This was it!  Our room in the west tower was clean but worn.  I would certainly upgrade for a future visit but wanted to be close to kid stuff.  Employees seemed happy and nice.  It was a spring break weekend and the place was packed.  The midway was fun and you can't beat free entertainment.  Adventuresome was also a good time.  I was also pleased with the variety of dining choices.
I like the casino with the circus acts above the gambling floor.
If you have kids, you gotta stay here!  There are so many things going on from circus acts, the Midway games, and stuff inside the Adventuredome.. . The only bad thing is that it's far from the center of the strip where Bellagio, Paris, MGM Grand, etc are.
Great for kids of all ages.  Free circus shows every few minutes.  Is it me or were the shows dominated by Russian people?  . . The games were fun and easy to win too.  Unlike the county fairs its not like you have to drop $10 just to win a small toy either.  Unless you really suck or have horrible luck, you'll be able to win some sort of prize.
An enormous place that has everything you could possibly want. I give this hotel four stars only because the Adventuredome indoor theme park, the hotels main draw was closed.
This place is a must if your bringing kids to Las Vegas. Stay away from over priced south strip hotels and wander to the north end. Midway games are $1 workers are friendly and eager to let you win. Prizes are nice and my kids loved them. Amusement park is also a huge hit with kids. My 7yr old didn't want to go anywhere else during our three day visit.....great job CC.
This place is only fun for winners I guess! Dropped $40 and won three large stuffed animals and a bunch of tiny ones. Won the darts game :). . If I left empty handed, I probably wouldn't be singing the same tune...
Considering that this hotel is one of the cheapest spots on the strip that caters to budget conscious families, this hotel serves its purpose.  If you want luxurious gleaming marble surfaces and huge fancy statues at every turn, go to another hotel..      The room was decent and clean and the staff was helpful and polite.
It's an old casino but has a great arcade area for the kids they even have roller coasters in this one the last time I came here they had a log ride but I guess they took it out and are doing construction for another ride but still a lot to do and great fun.
After a few days in Vegas, I looked for a way to justifiy extending the trip and settled on it by moving from our current the "four star" Monte Carlo to the two star Circus Circus, enticed by their deal for $25/night remodeled room.  However, I unconsciously gravitated towards this strange destination for two additional reasons:. . -Generational reasons:  my father passed-through here in the 1960s, back when James Bond graced the place with his motion picture presence  . - Confirming "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" Mental Images - I had to see the rotating bar,  morphing carpet and the 2013 experience of the American Dream. . With eyes wide open as to see how much luxury downshifting I was going have to endure, I walked into the lobby, unfortunately without a head full of acid, confronting a check-in line that took about 20% longer than normal.  Although there were no moving carpet designs, the lobby did have cool clown art you can get lost in.  While heading to the elevators, I confirmed my stereotypes: an endless number of overweight blue collar folks, marching along with their three foot margarita plastic cups, using this ancient amalgamation of anachronistic building structures as the ground of their Vegas experience, venturing-out for mercurial walks up-and-down the strip to go see the Stratosphere observation deck, the M&M store, Bellagio fountain, "TI" pirate show, Mirage Volcano, maybe grabbing a drink at the Rum Jungle.  With one stale smoky whiff of the place, you know that you are among those that consider the Downtown Freemont Street experience a Vegas must-see destination.  There I was, among them, with good reason:  I now have a family.. It wasn't always like this you know.  For me, Vegas used to be all VIP tables, bottle service, and exclusive parties to hang-out in.  To give one example, one time, as part of a big-time poker player's entourage, I attended a debaucherous private party in the Palms, in a room so sick that it had its own full-court basketball court with a 24 hour bartender,hobnobbing with the Hollywood A-List.  Now, with disposable income squeezed and family in tow, the previous dynamics of reality being have been pulled from under me.  All those things I once valued, like choosing between the Venetian or the Bellagio because of the danceclub; now, the vacation attributes that come front-center are things like the amusement parks, cheap hotel rooms, lazy pools, and hotels that didn't treat kids like kryptonite.  I could try and fight it, blowing $400 or more bucks on a room only to be reminded that your kids can't dip in this or that pool, but there are better things to throw your money at.  So bring-on the Orleans with its kidsclub, arcade and 14 movie theaters... bring on Excalibur and the Tournament of Kings.    . So why four stars?  Because it delivers that family experience that your kids will love, on the cheap.  in other words, you can squeeze the most out of Circus Circus with the understanding that the Bellagio cabanas and the Wynn suits can wait.  Whereas every casino in Vegas had done an about-face when it comes to the family, Circus Circus has accepted us with open arms.  And their new remodeled rooms are of the same quality as you get in the 3 or 4 star establishments:  clean sheets, new and updated furniture and a view of the Adventure Dome for the kids.  All this for $25 bucks a night and coupons for discounts in their unhealthy restaurants below?!?!  I'll take it and so should you.  And best of all, you too can get that anachronistic nostalgic experience that I had been asking for:   With the right lens, you can witness Tony "The Ant" Spilotro family gift stand still there (the mob enforcer from the movie Casino that got buried alive in the cornfields);  with the right imagination, you can go to the Midway arcade to watch Sean Connery filming of Diamonds are forever;  and with the right philosophy, you can even peer outside your room at the same mountain watermark left by the ephemeral wave of flower power that inspired Hunter S. Thompson write his most memorable monolog in 'Fear and Loathing'.  Yes, with the right outlook, you too can appreciate the mutating warping of the third class blue collar American Dream, while still having a blast with your family, reminding you perhaps that life has a way of equalizing.  Even if you lead a charmed life, you lose everything, and death will be the ultimate equalizer.  The only thing you can do is make the most of what is given and your given life situation.  Once I did that, stopped judging, I noticed how everyone was nice and it was a blast to see all the colorful people milling about.  Best of all, after all these years, I got to explore and see Vegas finally DURING THE DAYTIME, and not just using the daylight hours to nurse yourself out of that wicked hangover so you can party and drop $2Gs again the next night.  Thank God that stage is over!
Spent last Friday-Sun at the hotel with my hubby and 5 and 10 yr old kiddos. We booked our double bed room through Expedia for $107/night that included a $20 food/bev credit. Our casino tower room was pretty decent. The only negative to speak of was that the sink and bath tub drained very slow. My little ones had a blast at the Midway Arcade and the Adventuredome. The free circus acts at the Midway are very entertaining and free! We enjoyed dinner at The Pizzeria, good pizza, good salad, pass on the lasagna, not good, very dry for our taste anyway. The breakfast buffet was pretty good for the price.  We did not visit the pool so can not comment on that.. Overall great stay for the price, lots to do with the kiddies here. Perfect for a family Vegas trip! Don't forget to ask for your coupon book at check-in. FYI, the hotel offers late check out, $10 plus tax for 1pm, $15 for 3pm and $20 for 6pm.
fun for children.....but the adults are the ones who make this place happen....Midway should stay open past midnight for the big kids
It was my first time in Vegas and I booked a deal through southwest to fly there and stay in the Circus Circus, I had a fast check in, and it was a early check in and unlike other hotels I researched I paid a very minimal fee compared to others. we got to our room which was a standard room, but I wasn't planning on being in the room much only when it was time to sleep. . they gave us a food credit which we used for $20 pitcher of margaritas that were strong and perfect! . The walk to main drag of the strip was fine, not too long plus we could wander into all the hotels. . The adventurdome was pretty neat and the acrobat show was free and interesting. . I would stay here again.
Ok you guys are either overly thinking of this place or not seeing it for what it is. Ive stayed in Circus Circus  twice. First time I was like 10 years old (25 right now) and it was in the manor rooms this was ok. Though i went there a lot every time i go to vegas.. . 2nd time was in June and the place has changed a bit room wise. I went for free through the MyVegas game on Facebook. Got a West Tower Room. The room was renovated clean with a flat screen. For people saying why pay for the resort fee. most hotels on the strip have them only way to get around them is with player comp which i use for my other times in Vegas.  The check in was fast as i had a comp card that had its own line.. . To get back onto the room yes I know I got in for free but I did check the room to see what bargain I was getting. The rooms for the price are great for a Sunday-Thursday at about $30 is a great deal. Yes its far from the strip but just use the bus( quick tip if you buy your day pass from a local bus its only $5 not $7 like the deuce) Yes you can pay more for luxury and so on but come on if your in Vegas the room is only for some certain things, sleep, shower, hold your stuff. Not going to lie when I have comp i get the best room I can get but who doesn't.. . The resort is what it is its made for children and people not really into gambling. yes it has its stuff but this place is a budget resort. The pool is for kids no adult partying in this place, but you can get to most hotel's pools now if you pay. The food is alright its not great. I would just make the short trip to Wynn/Encore for better food. Adventuredome needs new rides it had the same stuff when i was a kid i only went there to not waste the free coupon.  . . Conclusion. If you are looking something close to the strip to just walk this place is not really for you but as I said their are ways to get there for cheap. The room is what it is great value for a nice room. You get what you pay for but just remember all you need in Vegas is that room to have fun with. gambling dining clubbing are what your there for anyways. So why not save on the room to get more money for that.  yes there is a $10 a night resort fee but thats cheap the nice hotels charge $15-20. Just remember if you have a chance in vegas get every casinos comp card it will save you headaches they charge the cheapest online and usually wave the fees. 3rd party website are only good for non gambling casinos.. . hoped this helps ignore the 1 star reviews they were looking for luxury while paying the price for regular. Of course your going to get that. Thats why the expensive hotels cost that much.
I had booked an online deal that got me a very good price. However I found out I was staying at the manor motor lodge. Me and my husband decided we would prefer to stay in the actual Circus Circus. They allowed us to upgrade for only 20$! We stayed in the west tower on the 34th floor. It was super nice. No complaints about the room. It was way fun to wander the whole place. It's huge. However not within walking distance to many of the main attractions. And lots of kids.
Les suites y sont spacieuses et calmes. le buffet est garni rien n'y manque, au rez de chaussee bien sur le casino, un cirque au premier, euh en fait au 2eme le rez de chaussee compte aux etats unis comme le premier etage avec plusieurs magasins.
Circus Circus is a great value even with the stupid resort fee. At least here they give you a coupon book worth $150 in savings at the casino, shops, midway and adventure dome. Some coupons such as two free midway games, $5 off an aqua massage, free drink coupons and match play just to name a few. We stay in the West Tower room because its closer to check in and valet and they are remodeled.  Check in can be nightmarish because they always understaff but remember they are open 24 hours and the bell desk is in the same area. If you don't want to wait check your bags in, go have fun and check in your room later.. . Our rooms have always been clean although you do get some idiots smoking in non smoking rooms which is just plain ignorance but not the hotels fault.. . Overall, Circus Circus is legit and all the reviews posted are pretty much on point but we don't care this is our hotel of choice when visiting Las Vegas!
We came for a weekend birthday trip to Vegas and decided to stay at Circus Circus for the value. There was some trouble with booking online-and that was disconcerting, but parking and checking in to the actual hotel was fine. There was a line, but it went smoothly. We stayed in the West wing on the 12th floor, and  my only disappointment at first was the lack of a view. The plus? Since we asked for a smoking room, there were no kids running up and down the halls! . The decor was very nice neutral hotel- no clown pictures in sight! The glitch came when the plumbing went bad- I took a shower no problem in the morning, but an hour later when my boyfriend went to shower it was backed up and had black grease or something in it. It took an hour of several phone calls- by that time the water had gone down and we just wanted housekeeping to clean the tub out. Instead, we were moved to a mini-suite on the same floor! We were surprised, but pleasantly. . The only bad part was schlepping our stuff- and we chose to do that rather than call the bell hop up to move us a few doors down. :0 Late check out is available- it cost us 20.00 more to stay until three which is fine with me. Over all, not a bad experience, friendly and accommodating staff, and the Peppermill just down the street!
The overall rating here is not accurate. There are bad ratings from the past when the place ran down. They have recent new ownership, have been renovating, and carpenters and workers there told me it's a thousand percent finer than a few years ago. I never found a sign of trash or smell or even wear, though the reviews here had me really wary.. . It's very clean, has plenty of nice clean and useful shops, and though I looked hard, I saw no riff raff  or slummish looking patrons. The older reviews had me completely paranoid, but, honestly, it was as pristine as Disneyworld.. . In fact I would give the hotel a rating of 3.1. making it ballpark with Caesars, etc. My room and experience met 3 star hotel standards (including card access room entry, electronic room safe, iron, cable TV, checkout from TV menu), but I give extra due to their sensible check-in approach. During "rush hour" not only did they have lots and lots of agents, but even had one to guide you to the next open window. That's very smart and the Flamingo could learn how to run a check-in from them.. . Negative: it's a hike from other strip hotels, and even a small hike from L. V.  Blvd. .  (Riviera is the nearest and you probably won't bother with them except for inexpensive food court, and some nice old arcade machines like pinball.) But it's practically as safe as all of the rest of the strip. Bums don't start appearing until you get near Stratosphere to the north.. . The coupon book you get at check-in is worth perusing. 26 of them might be blah, but 4 really excellent. Like a FREE RIDE on their IMO quite righteous indoor roller coaster next door.. . As to kids and "the circus" : there's nothing ghetto about letting the tofu and sushi crowd have their wraps and $5 waters down at Planet H. and the Forum shops, but you watching the free circus acts and challenging the arcade games. It's just like the county fair but a little more winnable, and there really aren't that many kids, and they're accompanied by adults so they don't run around and push and such. I'm saying - as an adult, you'll HARDLY NOTICE THEM.. . Yes reviewers are right, the Pizzeria is first class. But allow 20 or more likely 30 minutes for cooking.. . The impression from some reviewers is that this is only a place for taking kids. Nonsense. It's a completely legit. hotel, casino, clean and safe and sufficiently upscale, but all of this at a sweet discount price. You should jump all over it.. . My room was 8th floor of "Casino Tower."  If there was a pool, I never found it.. . The Fascist "Las Vegas resort fee" (charged at all Strip hotels, I'm told, but amount varies between hotels) - $11 for one night stay.. . P.S. I've also heard mocking of the decor. Nonsense. No orange curtains and velvet clown pictures. I only saw small accents, like look at the front desk counter near the floor to see subtle images of clown faces (you have to look for them - subtle). I can't tell the difference between this place and Bally's.
Diana checked us in. She was such a sweetie. We came to Vegas for my friends 21st birthday and decided to stay at Circus Circus for the value. Overall the rooms that we got were very clean. They had so many little shops to go to. They even have a mini theme park that surprisingly was awesome!
Great stay!  No it's not the Bellagio, but I paid next to nothing to stay. Here's my breakdown:. . . Room:   I had paid about $8 extra to get a room in the casino tower ($30 per night vs. $22 in the west tower)  I figured with all the walking on the strip itself it would be nice to not have to walk a block through the property to get to my room.  My room on the 14th floor faced the strip, was completely remodeled--comfortable beds, nice linens, clean bathroom.  From reviews on Yelp, I was not expecting much but I was very pleased with my room.  Maybe bad reviews are from other towers.. . Staff: I encountered absolutely no line for check-in at 2:30 on Sunday 12/8, and the gentleman at the desk was very friendly. On my departure, I used the mail/business center to print my boarding passes and used the bell desk to store my luggage (checking out at 11:00 am, flight leaving at 11:00 pm).  All of the staff were very helpful and friendly.   . . Food:  Didn't really eat there, Krispy Kreme donuts and coffee were good!. . Gaming:  I played $3 blackjack in the mornings, friendly dealers and plenty of drink ladies coming by.  I'll agree with other posts that the decor and atmosphere are dated, so I really didn't spend too much time gaming here... it was just a place to sleep at night.. . Convenience:  I used the Deuce bus to get around, the stop is right in front of hotel (on Slots A fun side).  While Circus Circus is far from the rest of the action on the strip, the bus took us there in the blink of an eye so the distance really wasn't a big deal.  Actually was convenient location to head down to Fremont street and Pawn stars store.
Well, its not the bellagio but it wasnt bad. My room key didnt work but it was because it got demagnetized when i put it in my pocket next to my phone. Its weird that it was so sensitive but they took care of it and i kept it in my other pocket and it was fine. There was no bad smells of smoke, piss, vomit, or anything else anywhere, just a few smokey areas in the casino near the tables where you would expect it. Everyone was friendly, ran into a broken prize ticket game and they gave me 200 tickets for the inconvenience and when i cashed them in, the lady gave my 1 year old a free toy. Food was good, room was clean, casino was nicer than i expected. I dont know if the experience is different from room to room or tower to tower, but the west tower was ok for me. I was expecting the worst from reading all the bad reviews but its not what i got. Just thought i would give a good review where it deserved.
We loved this place totally! You might complain that this place looks old (it does look a little old as compared to the newer ones) but the hotel was good. We just felt like our childhood was here as we played some insane games here !!. . There's a trapeze show (and some others too) every hour in the evening and it was a lot of fun. The room was decent .
