Would have a had a 5-star if the wait and service was better.. . Food is amazing. They deliver on the twisted farm food promise.  . . The fried sage fried chicken and the chicken and waffles were very impressive.
Only come here for lunch or breakfast.  I made the mistake of going for dinner and it was horrible.  I remember ordering some fish dish and it came with a grassland on top of it.  I felt like i was eating the fish straight up on the floor of a savannah.  . . However, i did come for lunch and had the chicken and waffles.  I dunno if Snoop Dogs ever been here but I'm sure he'd agree that the chicken n waffles are BOMB DIGITY.. . The portions are a bit ridiculous but it goes with their theme.  I ate half the meal and it still looked like it was untouched.. . Service was good and quick, all the staff was very friendly.  I would definitely come back and recommend anyone to try it if they haven't.
The presentation of the food was excellent, the service was great, and the food was good.  The food portion is massive, so make sure you have an empty stomach before you eat here.
Next time I visit Hash House, I will make sure I will be in town that night, so that I may nap after eating and drinking my brunch. . This location is off the strip, with easy access parking and REALLY GOOD Coffee! Most diners have so-so coffee, but Hash House A Go Go serves Lavaza Drip Coffee and Espresso drinks, with alcohol added, if you so desire. Everything ordered was yummy. My friend ordered the Tractor Driver Combo with french toast. I generally despise banana toppings, but enjoyed the sliced fried bananas on top, which I have named "better than bananas."  The best parts of my Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict were the crispy fried mashed potatoes, and the chipotle hollandaise sauce. Mixed together, they were better than bacon! (And I reeeeally love bacon!) I am not a big fan of fried chicken, so while I did appreciate the quality of Hash House's chicken, I would recommend a different Benedict dish for non chicken lovers. . A couple friends shared tales of long waits and mediocre service at the Imperial Palace location, however, we received excellent service with no wait at this location...around noon.  I shall return!
So much food!  but soooooo good!. . During lunch time, there is a long wait.  . . I tried their chicken and waffles.  There is bacon within the waffles!!!  SO GOOD!
oh my yum!! There really isn't much to say about this place that hasn't been said already.... . huge portions that taste FANTASTIC! . . Hell of a wait on Sunday mornings but it was well worth it for my bacon waffles.
HOLY COW! The portions here are ginormous! I ate like a pig, but felt like a cow. I guess that's keeping with the farm theme. . . The first time I ate here I had the corned beef hash. Freakin' bomb. I've recommended it to two other people and it was a hit for both of them! . . This time around I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, which was pretty good too. I'm not going to go into it because other people have described it thoroughly. It really looks like a hot mess and I'm sure some Top Chef judge would probably be appalled by the busyness of the dish. I think all food groups were covered in this dish. Thought I could tackle this thing, but only ate half. You'd probably have to share this meal with someone or you'll end up with leftovers (which isn't always a bad thing!) . . The mango coconut pancake is something that I probably will have every time I eat here. When I told our server that I was ordering it for my three year-old, she said, "It's pretty huge." I replied, "Yup, we're sharing it!" Even though it was a shared piece, we still went home with half of it. . . I failed to mention that perhaps the main reason why I couldn't eat all of my food was because I had a Blood Mary. It's definitely a meal in itself. It was sinfully good and perfectly balanced. Wished I could've taken my leftover drink with me:D . . If you're going to eat here, make sure you come with an empty stomach and loose pants!!
This place is to die for! My friend and I came here after one of our crazy Vegas nights and it really did the job! We both shared one dish and had leftovers! It slips my mind what we had but the atmosphere is lovely and lively! The portions are huge and I mean HUGE. It was really cheap for the amount of food we received so if your ever in the area, you MUST give it a try! . I did dock a star for the poor service since the table next to us came later, got their food and check earlier with a smile. Maybe it's because we looked like cheap little teenagers? I THINK NOT. It was quite rude that we weren't even visited once for a follow up and another guy had to bring us our waters and boxes. It honestly was NOT that busy, boo!
The portions are huge! I shared  a chicken bendict with the bf & we were stuffed and had some leftovers to go. Tried a little bit of the bacon waffles, which was pretty yummy too. The service is good but the wait was 35- 40 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.
More like a 3.7. . I had the corned beef hash with eggs ($12.95), orange juice, decaf.  So the decaf sucked like it usually does.  The rest of my meal was fantastic.  I feel I did pretty good only leaving about half the bag of potatoes and half the biscuit.  This is not an inexpensive place to eat but both the quality and the quantity justify the expense.  If you have wheels in Vegas this is one of those places you have to try.  They also have a location inside the Imperial Palace.  I was seated immediately and the service had gaps in time but not bad for a 3/4 full restaurant.
I reserve my 5 star reviews for the most revered establishments, at which i have never had a care, worry or problem. That said, if i could, i would give Hash House a solid 4.5. . . Like a lot of folks, i saw Hash House on Man V Food. I had the place logged in the back of my head so when i was at a conference in Vegas for a week and the boss says "where we eatin'?" i was ready with a home run.. . Ive eaten once at the original off strip location and once at the new location inside the IP. For the original, we were seated quickly on a weeknight and service was prompt, but that's not wat you want to hear about, is it?. . The food is fucking MASSIVE. That night we had 2 appetizers, the fried green tomatoes and something else that escapes me. Both were good but i was focused on getting what i had been waiting weeks to try; the sage fried chicken and waffles.. . Alright, so, 2 MASSIVE fried chicken breasts stacked on top of 4 bacon waffles roughly the dimensions of 2 hotel room Gidions bibles cut in half and stacked, all held in place with a huge steak knife. The chicken was crisp and delicious with sage running throughout. The bacon in the waffles was amazing and was topped off with a maple reduction. By the time i was done forcing as much into my body as humanly possible, i still had a meal left over for the next day.. . You would have thought we were in a photo studio with the ammout of flashes going off. Everyone in here takes pictures of the food, don't be shy, show everyone back home what theyre missing. HHAGG goes on your Vegas bucket list.
Do you like to eat Gigantic breakfasts? Or take long walks along the beach?. . Well, Hash House A Go Go has 1 of the 2. If you can't guess which one, then you're probably taking those long walks by yourself. Did someone say Yelp A-hole of the Day? But I digress.... . It seems like the word "griddled" is used freely in every entree here. The griddled mash is definitely worth a try, but don't joke about a griddled glass of orange juice...my waitress didn't find it particularly funny.... . One of their local favorite dishes is the Sage Chicken Benedict, which combines two of the greatest things eaten by humans, Chicken and Benedict... Ask for the Gravy on the side, as this baby is a messy one. . . If your still hungry and you won't be, I'd try their famous Meatloaf House Hash. It's like the meatloaf my Asian mom never made....hmmmmm.. . So if you want a breakfast far from the crowds of the Las Vegas Strip, or if your just walking home at 3am with your shoes in your hands...come down to Hash House a Go Go. It's breakfast without judgment!
Definitely a fan of this place.  I'm a hungry lad so I tend to enjoy large portions.  What is really great about the place is the uniqueness of the menu.  The creations they have conjured up are great.  Even though they have some of the most original items on any breakfast menu.  I must say the original corn beef hash is my favorite.. . The potato's are nice and crispy and they don't skimp on the corn beef.  Also the biscuit is quite good with the homemade jam it becomes quite great.  It does get a little packed, but It is worth it.  Also they have some of the best drink selections around.
3.5 stars, but rounded up to 4. . . Mushroom artichoke hash  -- portions were very large, but this was just not very good, unfortunately.  The sundried tomatoes were too overpowering. . . The banana pancakes were ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The edges were kind of crispy (probably because it had been soaked and fried in butter... mmm).. . If you are visiting Vegas, I would recommend sharing a dish since you WILL have plenty of leftovers... and as much as I try to avoid wasting food, it's hard to eat leftovers when traveling (no fridge, no microwave, etc.). . . Our server was really great.  We had to wait 30 mins for a seat, but it was well worth it for the pancakes.
I discovered this place on accident one day. I had just moved here and my best friend was in town, so we decided to go grab some Sunday brunch. In my true fashion, I typed in "awesome brunch" into the Yelp search bar and "Hash House" popped up. To be perfectly honest with you all, we choose this place based on the silly name. Any place with "a Go Go" at the end of it's title is right up my alley. . . Not only was i impressed with the menu itself, but the portions are friggen huge! I tried the salmon hash, which was delicious and the corned beef hash. I prefer the corned beef and the GIANT slice of watermelon that comes out with your meal is pretty awesome too. So if you're in the mood for huge pile of awesome breakfast food, head to Hash House. . P.S if you follow "hashhouselv" on twitter, you can score some free drinks. Enjoy!
Very good food, portions are huge and prices are a bit high. But they serve comfort foods. Meatloaf sandwich's for dinner with a sun dried tomatoes spread on a sourdough toasted bread, crazy good. Breakfast is great and the drinks in the morning especially the bloody Marys are top notch. But the bloody Maria's ARE THE BEST
I didn't plan on going at a point where there were no lines but I did. I got there at 9:00am on a weekday and apparently I missed rush hour. After half and hour while I was eating my meal droves of people started showing up and standing in line to be seated. I caught this on the TV a few days before I went to Vegas but only a few highlights - about how it's a must visit when in Vegas. . . The chicken was partially soggy and a bit on the dry side inside. It looked tasty on the yelp pictures but fell a little flat. See pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=Okd3l50AsallpQbXgs23UA There are many better plates that I see now in hindsight like the eggs Benedict or venison sausage.. . I'll be back for sure. It's 5 minutes from my Aunts house and perhaps I'll convince a few of my family members to try it.  . . For those on THE STRIP there is another location at the Imperial Palace.
Chicken Benedict is really good!!
it's almost been a year since my first visit to hash house. i have to say i've had a change of heart and i actually dig this hot breakfast joint now. . . to be honest, i've been back at least 3 times between this location and the new location in the M resort and have left each experience super happy and wanting more. i found a way to combat the massive servings, SHARE! ;). . my fav dish is simple and delicious. egg white and spinach scramble with country potatoes. . . for the portions one gets, it's really affordable. this is the first change of heart i've had. i'm open to more. =)
Pork tenderloin is really awesome. Every dish is enough for two so bring an appetite!  Expect a 30 min wait but it's worth it!
I keep coming back to this one because I'm in the area even though there's a closer one in San Diego where I live and I like the atmosphere here. The wait wasn't as long as we were told ( we told 45 minutes to an hour) and were seated in about 20 minutes. Make no mistake, there were other people waiting for a table at around 1:00 p.m. on a Saturday, but the wait wasn't bad. Bring your appetite because just like other reviewers have said, the portions are HUGE. I suggest sharing or ordering something on the side and taking some from your fellow diners. Don't let the one pancake on your order fool you along with the sides: that one pancake alone almost covers an oval serving plate. I suggest the brown sugar and mango an coconut one. My brother ordered a blue cheese burger and he said it would it order again. However, it was big and the fries were nicely seasoned. The service was always good here and I have no complaints about it compared to other reviewers. My advice? Come here early on weekends and during the weekdays if you don't like to wait too long. Plenty of parking. Next time, I'm trying the burgers.
I came here after a night in vegas drunk, hung over and dying of thirst. . . Food was bomb and I was hungry.  . . Forgot the dish I got. It was the Chicken.. Has rosemary, spinach, mash potatoes, cheese, bacon, and some other things forgot.. . 2 good combos together.. . Yet.. I threw it all up later. Lmao.. . I would come back to this place the next visit.
3 words, chicken and waffles!  So good and so much food! This place is a doggy bag type of place, I've never seen anyone actually finish their whole portion by themselves.  I've had a bunch of things on their menu, and they've all been pretty decent orbetter.  Their stuffed burgers are really good too, I like the one with bacon and mashed potatoes.  And their flapjacks are literally bigger than your head, they're gigantic and according to my cousin, who's had them twice, pretty good.  On the whole, I recommend coming here for breakfast or brunch or even lunch, don't know about dinner though.
Look out for HUGE servings!. Local friends recommended the hash House on our last visit to Vegas.  Never having been inside the Imperial Palace, we wouldn't have known to check out this hidden gem.  There was a slight wait (at about 1030am).  The dinner-esq atmosphere is separated from the loud casino but still relaxed and friendly.  The decor leaves a little to be desired but the food was delicious.. The servings were ENORMOUS!  Plate sized flapjacks and an amazing meatloaf sandwich
I've been going here since I found out the opened one up in Vegas. I have been to the one at the M hotel, and both are equal in servcce and in quality if food. The hash is awesome here, my favorite dish is their signature corn beef hash. It is served with roasted potatoes and eggs and is a lot of food.. . Don't come here on the busy weekends, because wait times can be in the 1-2 hour mark. I came here once during NY and it was hell. When we got our food I was about to pass out.. . They do offer great drinks and even a free drink if you twitter that yo are eating there. Just show the waiter and they will hook you up with the drink of the day.. . Oh yeah the eggs Benedict is really good, and I usually hate eggs poached.
If you're plan on trying this place, make sure you're HUNGRY. Not just a little hungry, but ready to eat a full plate and then some, then still be expected to breathe afterwards. Portions are HUGE there. . . I got the tractor driver with waffles and potatoes, playing it safe, just in case.. . - Potatoes tasted fresh and didn't have anyextra nonsense added to it. . - Eggs, they were nothing special, so plus for not messing it up, I guess. . - Waffles, one word, thick. . . There is just so much to choose from. I do recommend the watermelon kiwi lemonade. Not only is it really really pretty when they first serve it, but it's also really good and quenches your thirst! Fresh watermelon too. . . One thing I didn't like was the music was extremely loud and hard to carry a conversation without wanting to yell to the person right next to you . . Come by here if you don't wanna stick around the strip!
Fantastically delicious food.  Went here for breakfast and was not disappointed with a GIANT blueberry/pecan flapjack, two eggs, and two delicious bacon strips.  I am a dark roast/Starbucks/tasty coffee connoisseur, and I thought the coffee was great.
I came here for brunch on a weekday. Just flew in last night from NY, so I'm excited about eating something different. I sat @ the bar & order a bloody marry. After all,  It is Vegas. So I check out the menu & I spot the Man vs. Food order. I forget the name but it has hash-browns, eggs,melted cheese, fried chicken, and some other things. I forget. Anyway, i get it & looks amazing. Great presentation. It tastes just as good as it looked. Let's just say, in the epic battle between Man vs. Food, man won!
Me and my friends went here for breakfast before we head home to california and this review might be a little off on my taste because I was SUPER drunk when I was eating here and excuse my bad memory.. . I order what was the man vs food favorite, the andy's chicken egg benedict. ( i think ) When my order came out, It was a really big plate of egg and chicken with biscuit topped with gravy. I devoured it in a matter of minutes. I thought it was pretty good but not all that great. All my friends love my dish especialy the egg because supposedly they could taste the butter in it. I couldnt taste the butter in the egg and didnt know what they were talking about but maybe that was just me being drunk. The other dishes I tried was the waffle and fried chicken from my friend's plate. I thought the chicken with the syrup was too sweet for me but I like the crunch on the chicken. I also remember eating the grilled potato bits or wedges and it was really crispy and good. The tangerine mimosa that got me even more drunk was a little too tangy for me. I like my mimosa more on the sweet side. Thats all I remember.. . Overall it was a good experience and being drunk just made the food taste even better :)
I came here a couple months ago on my most recent Vegas trip.  We came on a Monday (right before we returned to CA), and it wasn't as busy as I thought, but it was a Monday and people eating there on this day are probably locals.. . My friend's girlfriend said that this location is much bigger than the San Diego location.  The portions are huge, go hungry or be prepared to share.  If you do share, order a side because you'll be charged a plate splitting fee - this was suggested by our server - if I remember correctly, the splitting fee cost more than ordering a side.  He was one of the best servers I have experienced.  People are not kidding when they say the portions are huge.  I saw the pork tenderloin being served to someone, it seriously looked like the size of my head.. . We went with the chicken and waffles with a side of bacon.  I guess we totally missed reading the description because inside the waffles there are whole slices of bacon!  The chicken was fried perfectly, but the maple sauce was just too sweet for my taste with the chicken, it's nice with the waffle though.  My friend and his girlfriend got this scramble (don't know the name) but it had avocado, bacon, and other stuff, it looked really good, I think that's what I'll order next time I go.. . Overall, this is a nice place to try and experience, especially the next morning after a night of clubbing and drinking!
We went cuz a friend suggested it, I was amazed at the amount of food, but the cost was not that bad either. We went for Lunch, and I asked to see the dinner plates it was doubled the size. . . They serve so much food; it was different and exciting to watch people's expressions. It was crowded and the Host was great and got us in less then 5 min. . . They pay attention to their guest, and that is important even though we had a waiter, they were all willing to wait on you no matter what, the food was tasty. Waffle w/Bacon, Pancake w/ banana and glazed Brown sugar wow no syrup was needed. My husband could have eaten it all however it was so much to eat you couldn't.
alright, i had the waffles and fried chicken. the chicken sure does give albertsons a run for their money. it was JUST how i like my women. brown and crunchy on the outside, sodt and succulent on the inside. the waffles weren't too bad either. this isnt your standard eggo kinda waffle. this thing was a beast! . . next time im in town im definitely getting the beer with a side of bacon. the combination just sounds too good to not try once in your lifetime. all in all... 4 stars. woulda been 5 but the waitress i was trying to get change from to tip HER server was probably on her rag. oh well, you win some you lose some.
Go Go your ass to the Hash House A Go Go !!!. . for sure one of the best places i have been too for breakfast! Huge portions (i asked for a side of artichokes and they brought me a whole damn plate :) ) and i love the creativity in the food display and the huge variety in the menu/drinks as well. Everything was great ..chicken and bacon waffles, vanilla waffles, crispy potatoes etc....yummmmm. . A def must stop when you are in Vegas baby!
Amazing place. Went here on Wednesday and it was very busy but service was still good. Their food is top notch. Nothing gets close I mean I ordered a pancake with my eggs and this thing was bigger than my head and tasted amazing too. It takes long to get your food but I would imagine that's because the portions are huge. . Overall this place is awesome. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they could make their menus less confusing and the wait is long to get in.
Compared to most casino food in Vegas, this will seem like gourmet! I thought the food was delicious, the service good and the price reasonable. I'd definitely go back for seconds!
Portions are enormous!  Always a plus for me.  I ordered the sage chicken and mash potatoes.  Chicken was alil too chewy, which made it hard to swallow, but overall it was good!  Service was good.  Creative menu since sometimes I cant decide whether I want breakfast or lunch.  Many things were mixed together, which I liked.  Def recommend for something non-strip when your in Vegas.
Portions that would make a fat kid blush. . . Great presentation, delicious dishes, and always a genuinely friendly wait staff. . . All conflict comes from unmet expectations, so EXPECT to wait for your yum-yums. Plan on putting your name in, grabbing a BLT Bloody Mary (Kelly will make this for you) and chatting with your friends for at least a half hour until you get your table. I've been seated outside, on the patio, and in the bar, and all is well. My Greggo would suggest the chicken and waffles, and upon each dare, has successfully devoured all (don't judge him.) I have loved the Tractor Driver Combo, the Benedicts, and the hash.....om nom nom.
I walked into this place during spring break in the middle of the week with my wife and kids.  I was wearing my Pau Gasol Lakers jersey because the Lakers were going to play that night.  As soon as I walked in, the hostess compliments me on my jersey and the bartender asks me if the Lakers are going to win that night.  Right away they got brownie points for being Laker fans and making me and my family feel welcomed.. . Since we got there around 11:30AM, we beat the lunch rush and they sat us down in less than 5 minutes.  The place is nice and open with lots of noice and ambiance going on, perfect for a family with small kids.  My sons ordered the kids pancakes and my daughter order the chocolate chip pancakes.  My wife and I shared the Sage fried chicken and waffles, because I read on yelp how huge the order is.  My kids pancakes where huge.  My 6 year old some how managed to finish his pancake, and he's a skinny boy.  Even the waitress was impressed he was able to finish such a large pancake.  I had a taste of the two different pancakes and they were good, were they the best I've ever had, no, but they aren't bad.  As for the Sage fried chicken and waffles, yelpers were not kidding, this is a huge order,  it's definitely perfect for 2 people to eat.  The Sage fried chicken was extremely tasty and the waffles were like heaven, especially with the bacon made into the waffles.  The combination of the Sage friend chicken, waffles, bacon and syrup was delicatable.  I have been to Roscoes Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles several times, and I have to admit, this place blows away Roscoes for the fried chicken and waffles dish.. . Next time I'm in Vegas or San Diego, I will definitely drop on over the Hash House A Go Go to try some of their other tempting dishes.  Make sure to come with a huge appetite, because all their dishes look pretty big.
This is a really interesting place. As mentioned before he portions are huge and they have some inventive monstrous creations such as the Andy's sage fried chicken. In terms of flavor, I remember the first 50 or so bites were good but then I started feeling sick from overeating. Next time, I think I'll just order a box with my entree.
All I can say is WOW! great ambiance, the HH Mimosa was fabulous, I'm not even going to talk about the waffles and chicken.
Probably like many, I made it a point to show up here after seeing it on Man vs. Food. While I know (being in the industry) that television effectively glamourizes everything, I was particularly caught-off guard by the down-to-earth-diner feel it had. Very low key. . I sat at the bar and my coffee was served immediately and hot and it tasted pretty good too boot. I ordered up a Chorizo hash and it was served fast and hot and extremely tasty. I can't complain about this place a bit. Cheap, great food, great coffee.
Our Vegas trip was coming to an end and we had one more stop before taking the long road home, HASH HOUSE A GO GO!!. . This place is FREAKIN' awesome!!. . We arrived at the right time (between 11:30a-12:00p on a Monday) because we were seated almost immediately. Shortly, a crowd of customers were gathering in the waiting area. We ordered our drinks then preceded to take a closer look at the menu.. . I was COMPLETELY overwhelmed by the menu because EVERYTHING looked so good! There were four of us total and I didn't want to order the same thing as someone else, so that we could all have a taste of something different, I ordered the House smoked salmon benedict with fresh asparagus, sundried tomatoes, chili cream and two basted eggs. The rest of the table ordered: Andy's Sage Chicken with waffles, Corned Beef hash with red onions and swiss cheese, and Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. . . I totally surprised myself in ordering the salmon benedict. I'm not much of a fish person and the idea of having it for breakfast sort of disturbs me. But I was glad that I ordered it, I really enjoyed the chili cream because it gave the dish a nice kick. We were kind of disappointed in Andy's fried chicken because it didn't have as much flavor as we had expected. It was  TOTALLY under seasoned! Another dish that surprised me was the corned beef hash. I was sort of expecting a pile of hash that looked like something that came out of the can, but it was actual strips of corned beef. They were nicely seasoned and quite tasty! I would have eaten more, but it wasn't the dish that I ordered. . . The price for a single dish ranges from $11-15 bucks, which is SUPER reasonable for the amount of food you're served. A single order of food can easily feed two people. . . I will definitely visit Hash House A Go Go on my next trip to Vegas because you just don't find that kind of breakfast food anywhere else!!
The $15-$20 cab ride off the Vegas strip was totally worth it here.  We first heard of this place when a local roulette dealer told us good brunch places to eat that does not have long lines like the Wynn brunch.. . We got seated immediately since we went to this location before it was on the TV show Man vs Food and the Imperial Palace location.. . Fresh juice:  lemonade, watermelon, and OJ.  All juices were freshly made, without any additives.. . The portions are large, so order 1 entree of each type of food you want to try and share!  . . Food:  Sage fried chicken benedict massive strips of chicken strips on top of eggs that had a chipotle cream sauce rather than the typical hollandaise sauce.  A side of yellow watermelon was served with this as well.  I guess fruit can be seasonal so who knows what you will get when.. . Chicken and waffles:  3-4 pieces of waffles with additional 3-4 pieces of sage chicken strips, that is topped off with syrup, and fried scallions. . Banana pancake:  the size of this pancake is as twice as big as your head.  Pretty fluffy, but nothing too different about this dish.  I would have preferred ordering something else that was more unique to the place.
Delicious! The unique breakfast items are outstanding and come in huge portions. All of the eggs Benedict are fantastic. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that 1) the bartenders struggled to keep up with the orders of my group (basically a few bloody marys and a few mimosas) and 2) the location is a bit out of the way, about a $20 cab ride from the strip.
Love this place,  My husband and i ordered the saged fried chicken benedict because we saw this dish on "Man vs Food". This dish was like $14 and the both of us could not finish it.. It was massive and very tasty.  Got a slight heart burn after eating it was it was a good experience.  Definitely will come back.. but this time with a super empty stomach.
WHY: I have been here a couple times, taking my touristing friends and family to see what everyone is and has been raving about.. . WHAT:  The food certainly comes in huge portions, so I've always shared.  The dish that I suggest everyone should try at least once, is Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! It is named after the dude on Manvs. Food. I love condiments, so I usually ask for a side of gravy just in case there isn't a part of the benedict that hasn't been slightly drizzled with gravy, haha.. . The hot drinks are really good too, BUT my all-time favorite drink is the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade! This drink alone is what keeps me coming back! They puree watermelon, add kiwi syrup, all into lemonade which makes it HEAVEN! TRY IT!
AMAZING food. . Terrible service.
This place is actually really good!. . Went here once with my girlfriend awhile back.  We both mistakenly ordered two of the scrambles that were on the specials menu.  We were not impressed at all..  I'm glad we gave it a second chance... . We ordered two items and split them.  . . The first was the French Toast.  It was delicious!  There was nothing simple about this dish.  It is dipped in a banana cream batter.  And topped with fried bananas.  If you don't like bananas, avoid this.  They put the maple syrup on prior to serving, which is fine because it would just make the french toast soggy.  The banana batter helps to keep the french toast from being dry.  . . We also ordered the fried chicken benedict.  This was great as well.  It's a little messy, but every ingredient was good.  I did not see anything spectacular about the fried part of the chicken.  Not much seasoning in the batter.  But the chicken itself was moist and flavorful.  I would prefer other egg options than just scrambled in this dish.. . Overall, the food we ordered was great!  And surprisingly, we ate most of these large portions.  The service was also good for us.  . . We will definitely go back to try other dishes!
So much food, so good too.  All you need to get is the brown sugar banana pancake.  Everything else on the menu is real good but this is on a hole other level
Disclaimer: Ok...I actually went to the location inside the M Resort/Casino - but whatever, this one will do. . . If you watch enough "Man Vs. Food" you'll see this place show up in the LV episode. While I was staying at my buddy's place in Las Vegas this past weekend, I saw that episode, and asked him if it was worth going to, or just TV hype. He said it was definitely not crappy...so...off we went. . . Giant portions. Crazy food presentation (I dare you check out the pot pie!). Fairly reasonable cost considering the gigantic portions. They make one helluva strong Bloody Mary too! . . The one thing of note for me was the fact that the ingredients were SUPER fresh, and rivaled anything fresh I could get here in California. You could tell the eggs were farm fresh. The meats were tasty and not full of preservatives, and the veggies were full of flavor. . . Well worth the visit...just be prepared to not eat the rest of the day....
Hash House A Go Go is a place that you might both fear and love. It's like a roller coaster or a hot temptress. You know it's bad for you, but you still want it. Hash is definitely a true battle of Man verse food. They contribute to our the great over-sized nation of ours. Please check your diets at the door. . . I was extremely excited to try out Hash House, because all the reviews I read made it sound so amazing. It is very hard to find a great place for breakfast in Vegas. I was tired of waiting in a huge line at Paris Buffet, so I thought it's time to go on a Man vs. Food trip. Most of the time, I cannot stand places that have too much hype. Most things that are over hyped usually suck like the Crapple iphone and Verizon's I CAN'T hear you now network. Also, In-N-Out... It's good, but not crack like most people say it is.. (I don't endorse or use crack). Even though, I tried to come here without the high expectations, it was unavoidable. I felt like a little kid on Christmas morning. First off I am not a idiot! A lot of the bad reviews I read were from people that waited 2 hours and didn't like their food. I'm sorry, but if you waited 2 hours to eat anywhereI would be bitter too! I only waited 5 minutes maybe 10 minutes max, so suck on that! Haha. I went on a weekday around 9am. Brilliant!!!!. . I know the portions are big, but how's the quality? Did you finish dish by yourself? I don't like pigging out should I still go?. . The key is bring a friend and share. The quality is good! Don't expect a 5 star restaurant or a new cuisine from a top chef. This is simple breakfast food on steroids. I highly recommend having 2 stomachs and consulting with a doctor before coming here. To my surprise the customer base was a lot smaller than I expected. The restaurant was packed shortly after I arrived, but there were no Plus sized models here. I saw some normal sized patrons and a few gorgeous model types. I really was set on trying the Sage Chicken Benedict, but since my friend was not a fan of hollandaise sauce I went with the Chicken and Waffles of course! Let's just say Roscoe's has nothing on Hash House! I thought Roscoe's clogged arteries, but Hash made Roscoe's look like a Diet Soda verses a Milk Shake. The Chicken was very juicy and extremely crispy! I really like the corn flake batter, although the spices were a bit lacking, but nothing hot sauce can't fix. The chicken cannot beat Roscoe's, but that's not a fair comparison. You definitely get 4 times the food of Roscoe's for the same price. I am very picky Fried Chicken eater, so I wish they would find some Grandma's secret recipe for Chicken so this dish could become 10 instead of a 7. The waffles with bacon inside.... Wow. A tear came to my eyes... you had me at bacon. I thought that waffles couldn't be any better, but you took my fork away! If I was lucky enough to have the genetics of Brad Pitt or LL Cool J, I would eat these waffles everyday.. . Should you try Hash House a Go Go? YES! Unfortunately, I only have one stomach and I could not finish half of a dish by myself. If you are a picky eater, you may want to take your snobby as$ else where. If you are a huge breakfast fan, like me, give Hash a try. Bring a huge appetite and go early. Note to self, don't order the large Orange Juice next time, it was so large I did not finish it. Fresh OJ with out much water, it was like trying to drink a huge carton of concentrate. I will go for a tasty small next time. Stop staring at the pictures and go try it already!!! COME Onnnnnn. :)
I went to Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. One of my friends mentioned he saw Hash House A Go Go on Man vs. Food and wanted to check it out. Little did we know the entire city of Vegas had the same idea. We went on Sunday at noon. There was an hour wait for a table of five. I was fine with the wait since that probably meant the place was good. . . We put our names on the list and went next door to Vamp'd for a drink while we waited. I recommend doing this if the wait is more than an hour. Vamp'd is a rocker bar. Lots of rock memorabilia on the walls, guitars, chopper behind the bar, and a coffin telephone booth (kind of cool, but creepy when you get in it). Very cool place to check out. And it made our wait go by fast. Hash House tells you their pagers sometimes don't work next door, but we didn't have a problem. Our table was ready, but they wouldn't seat us without our entire party. Two of us stayed at Vamp'd to pay our bill, which took 5 minutes. Good thing it didn't take longer because they were ready to give up our table.  Just be ready when your pager goes off!!! . . We sat down and it took a few minutes for our waiter to come over. Once he did, he was very helpful. I thought the ambiance was great. Everything that passed our table looked delicious! It was a tough decision on what to get. I ordered the roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary House Hash. Our food took about a half hour. When my food came out barely warm, slightly cold I was a little disappointed. The Manager on duty came over and gladly had the cook make me a new dish. Mine was good, the chicken was a little dry. Could have used some sauce. There is A LOT OF FOOD for one person to eat. I highly recommend sharing a meal if your not a big eater. Or get a to-go box and give it to a bum. . . I would definitely go back. I think they have a lot of creative dishes. I will order something different next time. Everyone else liked their meal.. . Pros: Atmosphere, food selection, their mango margarita, friendly wait staff. . Cons: The wait (even though it is worth it)
The food was amazing!!!! The wait is bad. Party of two had to wait a hour and a half.
Please share one plate. Portions are HUGE (except The Basics).. . Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict (on Man vs Food) was GOOD! The dish had so much tastes.. . The Chicken & Waffles were also delicous. The waffles had bacon inside; and the fried onions were excellent! I'm an onion lover, so the onions were the most delish item for me.. . The Basics is probably the only normal-sized meal at this place. This is a good dish for a light & fulfilling breakfast.
Crazy amount of food. Everything comes out high to the sky tall! Went there for Brunch and it was packed, but only about a 20 minute wait, so I had a pretty good Bloody Mary in the bar while waiting.  I tried the HH original Benedict and it was ok, but the potatoes were the best. The other in the party had the chicken and waffles and they were the BEST! I would come back and order one plate of those to share. Four waffles, two savory fried chicken breasts, maple syrup.
Hash House totally lives up to it's reputation. The fried chicken eggs benedict was amazingly delicious. The best fried chicken breast I've tasted, crispy, juicy inside. The gravy was fantastic but I wish they gave more of it.
WATCH OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!. . The pile of food on your plate may fall on your lap!!!!!!!!!!!!. . If you are into tasteful, massive amounts of food, THIS IS THE PLACE.... . Great service, shocking portions and it tastes great.......... . You will skip lunch...... I suggest sharing.. . . A GO GO THERE NOW!!!!!!!!!
The misses and I went for breakfast on our 1st day of vacation. Were glad we tried it and we def recommend trying it!!. . I had the Man V Food special and it was just that SPECIAL! it was something else, trying to devour it all, but i failed .. THE PORTIONS ARE AMAZING! The wife had the French Toast w/ Eggs and those are SPECTACULAR! We are super happy we had start the day here, it gave us plenty of energy for the day and we definitely had to skip lunch.. . The thing is about the food that its so rich, filling and down right fatty that the surgeon general should put a warning to have only once a week or your looking at a heat attack in no time.. . So with extreme goodness comes extreme balance!
After a long day of camping, we were hungry.  I'm talking about 4 grown adults, and 3 kids who can eat hungry. Cool atmosphere, even though we were there for dinner.  The service was good, as we had to cater to young kids and ended up splitting all the dishes.  I had the chicken and waffle, as well as the  benedict, and the portions are ginormous!  Very cool spot to eat at and share with family.  I see it as one of those novelty spots where you "must try once" just to say you did.  Overall a good experience.
Had to make a stop at thee famous Hash House A Go Go, as a Man Vs. Food fanatic, I made it a MUST for this trip to Sin City. Stopped by in the late morning, early afternoon and was able to get a seat right away, definitely made me happy because I expected a long wait, and the cherry on top was the cute little hostess that took us to our table, I don't remember her name, but I was madly in love (maybe foreshadowing the love I was soon to encounter with the food? possibly).. . The menu does not do the culinary artwork of their entrees any justice. When the waiter came around to deliver our food, I felt like I was in a Dr. Seuss book, or was having a "bad acid" trip (and by "bad", I mean good). The artistic expression that they display in their food is something that you don't see everyday, or at least in a meal in which the bill won't total over $300 for two people. The food here, is breakfast food, or "twisted farm food" as they call it, and believe me, it will live up to the name. You will find stuff on their menu that isn't available at just any breakfast joint, some of which includes snickers flapjacks/pancakes (yes, you read that right! Snickers pancakes!!!) and something called the "O'hare of the Dog" a 24oz. tall can of Budweiser in a brown paper bag!!!, with a side of bacon. . . I couldn't come to Hash House and not order the Man Vs. Food special, It was the fried chicken benedict. It came towered upon mashed potatoes, topped with a biscuit, fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, scrambled egg, and the chipotle sauce. And yes, it was as tasty and delicious as it sounds. One bite and the culmination of all the flavors will both blow your mind, as well as bewilder your taste buds, but in the best way possible. All the elements of the benedict are on point and good quality, the portions of their food are huge, it was ($14.95) for my benedict, and that could easily feed two people. As I watched the waiter frantically walk back and forth from table to table, I couldn't help but become hypnotized by the aroma and the visual creativity of the other dishes served here. Fried chicken and waffles looked and smelt really delicious, that will have to be for next time however. . . Needless to say, Food won this battle. Food:1, Man:0, until we meet again Hash House A Go Go, UNTIL WE MEET AGAINNNN!!!!!!! (Shakes fist)
This place is definitely deserving of this rating because of the quantity and quality of the food.  The portion of the dishes are humungous. We came around 10am and there was already a line but the wait was well worth it.  The french toast was flavorful.  The food here is uniquely cooked up.  I will definitely make a stop here again next time I go to Vegas.
Very busy here even though it's off the Las Vegas strip.  We came here one weekend to check this place out and this place did not disappoint.. . The wait was long (~40 mins), but worth it.  . . I got Andy's Sage Fried Chicken which came with mashed potatoes, bacon, spinach, mozzarella, and scrambled eggs with biscuit.  This entree is so big that they stabbed a steak knife in the middle of it!. . My first bite of this monstrous entree was filled with the juicy taste of the chicken, coupled with the semi creamy texture of the mashed potatoes.  The bacon and the biscuit gave it that breakfast flair.  They sprinkled some spicy sauce around the plate and it added the right punch to the dish.. . We also got the pancakes and waffles.  These were your typical pancakes and waffles, albeit in a larger serving size.. . Overall, you will be FULL after dining here.  For some, it's a great way to start a day.  For others, it's a great way to end a long night in Vegas.
i got the famous andys sage benedict.  it was a little on the bland side, but because the portions are so big and the presentation really makes the atmosphere fun and exciting ill be going back for more..
This place is RIDICULOUS! I came here after seeing it on Man vs. Food... so naturally I had to try the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. SO  mouthwateringly delicious and seriously enough food for at least 4 meals. Hash House is such a fun atmosphere and such a creative menu and concept. You have to go early if you don't want to wait forever. This place is constantly packed. If you're having a rough morning after drinking... definitely try O'Hare of the dog! :-)
What can I say that hasn't already been said about this place.. . Moderate prices but you get awesome presentation, quality, and portions.. . I got the fabled Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles.  I really enjoyed this dish on every level.  The maple reduction was nice in that you got some sweetness in the dish but the waffles were still able to stay crispy by not being drenched in it.  In addition, the waffles are stuffed with bacon, how can you go wrong with that?!?!  The sage fried chicken had a crispy crust but was moist and tender inside and had very little fat and the fried leeks rounded out the dish nicely.. . My wife had one of the scrambles with egg whites avocado and bacon and it was nice to see that a place that is known for unique dishes can execute something simple just as well.  The avocado was fresh and the bacon seemed to be at that perfect in-between state in that it was crispy yet had some chewy texture; not overly well-done that it looks burnt or under cooked and gummy.  The biscuit had a nice crumbly outer texture and the inside was fluffy and moist.. . We'll definitely be coming back upon our next return to Vegas.
Salmon burger is pretty good for those pescatarians. . . i saw them on the travel channel or the food channel, can't remember, but. i want to try their bacon waffle.
Good good food! Huge plates!
This place was featured on quite a few tv shows. Portions are a no-fail HUGE! Can be a lil over whelming. Should be experienced!
Great brunch place in Vegas. The chicken. So good. I recommend making this part of the Vegas trip - just like going to the club, casino, or hotel. Ok maybe not as important as that, but still important!
I absolutely love this place! Whenever my friends & I are in Vegas, this is a place we always go for brunch.. . Just be aware that the portions are ENORMOUS! . . I usually order either the meatloaf sandwich or the chicken & waffles.. Both dishes are absolutely delicious! . . The staff is always friendly & service is quick.  It's a great place with a nice atmosphere to enjoy with friends while in Vegas.
HUUUGE portion & great food for the price. . . Asked a waiter for mayo, never brought it to me. My guess is..probably because he was not our waiter?
Despite Las Vegas being buffet central, if you want to pig out you have to come here.. Being a die hard Man Vs. Food fan...I knew that Adam would not let me down. And boy oh boy...... . There were some moments where this place disappointed. For example, we tried to order their FAMOUS kiwi/watermelon lemonade?. They were out of kiwi. Then we moved on to the pistachio drink. Once again..out of pistachio. This wasn't even like late at night. This was at 12pm.. . Portions here are out of this world. 5 girls shared 3 dishes and we still couldn't finish it all.. We even saw a table of all boys struggling with their individual dishes. YEAH! They are that big!. . This place may be known for their fried chicken & bacon stuffed waffles...but aside from looks failed to wow me.. I found the chicken meat too dry and the skin too sweet. But that's just me.. . What I do recommend is the chorizo hash. SOOO delicious and spicy!. . Next time you are in Vegas and had a long night of partying&drinking....eat your heart out at Hash House!
Breakfast here is not to be missed. Kelli was a great waiter and we were pleased with the quality of the huge portions. This is a must dine establishment at least once.
Love this place!  I had visited years ago before the place blew up and decided to visit while in Vegas with the family.  The staff here is fabulous!  They are all super friendly and will work to make sure you are taken care of.  . . My eggs were delicious, the fruit fresh and sweet and the potatoes (non-hash) were just okay.  My daughter had the bacon waffle and ended up picking the bacon out of the sides.  She said the waffle itself was just a little too thick for her.  My mom had the normal breakfast plate (scram eggs, toast, potatoes & bacon), my aunt had the bacon scramble and I had the spinach/ham scramble.  I can see what other reviewers mean when they mention that the food is just okay.  The flavor doesnt knock you out of your seat but it is still a fun place to enjoy a meal. . . The best part of the meal was our fabulous waitress, Tiffany who should be delievering her son any day now.  Too cute!
I like when the star rating I give a restaurant is the same as the average rating that everyone gives said restaurant. It confirms that my experience was probably on the whole similar to everyone else's, and shows that despite how much I am constantly given anecdotal evidence to the contrary the world has people who are not morons devoid of sophistication and good taste.. . I have been to HH for breakfast and dinner, and let me just say save your time and money and only come here for breakfast. Dinner is the exact same things with none of the breakfast meals and an extra two buck minimum sell-up on your items.. . Aside from that I must say HH is great. It's not super amazing food. But for how much of it you get and how much you pay for how much you get it's a great value. The best values by far are the hamburgers which are huge and only $8!. . But the big thing to get is the Chicken and Waffles. EXCELLENT! Also they make their own jam fresh! But ask if they have the strawberry it's delicious!. . So here we are with 4 stars. I'll come here over and over, and yes the food is ok, but not great, but the service is good, and the prices are right, and it's a fun and trendy place. So do your best to avoid weekends it's a night-mare!
Ok to be honest, Everyone was raving about the chicken and waffles so I said why not let's give it a go.  When I bit into the meal I was a little disappointed because it wasn't what I expected it to be.  The bacon waffles was something different, I liked that part.  The chicken on the other hand I wasn't too much of a fan, the breading was a little off to me and the sauce that was on the plate did not go well with the meal, it tasted like soy sauce.  I'd rate it a 3 but I gave it a 4 because you definitely get what you pay for! Roscoe's chicken and waffles in long beach, ca still holds the reigning champ title for chicken and waffles for me.. . Girlfriend had the tracker combo with the banana french toast, and she loved it kept raving on about it so I'm sure that was a must :P
Big portion! Better Off the Strip then in the casino which take for ever to bring your food and bad serivce. Off the strip are more faster and is alway happy to help you pick a good dish to eat. Had chicken and waffle which was awesome.
I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time ever. But seriously, they should warn their customers how huge their portions are. And when I mean huge, I'm talking about HUGE. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles (that was featured on Man vs Food) and the 4 of us could have ate that. And us 4 girls love food. . . Her chicken and waffles were good. I'm picky with fried chicken and I liked it. Her waffles had a strip of bacon in them. For me that was eh- I'm not a huge bacon fan.. . I ordered their breakfast quesadilla. Our server kindly warned me that it would be pretty spicy- I love spicy. It actually wasn't spicy for me, just incredibly ginormous! But the quesadilla was amazing.. . The service here was great, their food was fresh as well. Loved it. I would recommend this place greatly.
Holy Shiz! . . The proportions here are enormous! But it's all so delicious and I love that they make the food look elegant and fun at the same time. I mean, to use a whole stalk of rosemary for platting style, I was quite impressed.. . My friend ordered the basics, the flap jacks, sausage, bacon and two eggs. I ordered one of there egg scrambles with roasted chicken, asparagus,  that came with a biscuits and roasted potatoes. On top of that, we had hot chocolate which can be easily for two people. Everything here is just bigger, yet better :). . Can't wait to come back here and try more breakfast entrees and hopefully get to try lunch and dinner sometime :)
had the meatloaf and it was great!
Wow!! Portion sizes are HUGE!!! Gotta try the fried chicken & waffles. Really good food!!!
i came to this Hash House A Go Go after already going to the one in Imperial Palace from my previous Vegas trip. i was super stoked to go here the wait was long, but totally worth it. i had some mimosas and they were delicious. then i wanted to try the Bloody Mary.. mehhh... regretted that.. should've just got another mimosa.. oh well. for a started i ordered the Mango Coconut Hot Cake to share with a table of 6, and it was huge enough to start us all off. trust. we rubbed the butter all over it and poured just a little bit of syrup over it, and it was money. i'm not a super fan of coconut, but this was just right for me because the ripe mangoes balanced it all out! yum! server was great. i can say that with confidence because i came to the place in the beginning of the year and I STILL REMEMBER how great the guy was. he was helpful, nice, attentive, and genuinely happy to be there. thanks guy!  . . Hash House A Go Go = Hangover Breakfast for Champions..in Las Vegas. haha
After a long night of drinking, the only thing i want the next day is a huge breakfast to ease my hangover. Well, i found the hash house. The Kiwi-Watermelon lemonade was very refreshing and delicious. All of our plates were huge and pretty freakin tasty. There is a wait to expect, especially on a sunday morning. Service was a tad slow, but nothing to complain about. Would definitely return here.
The following (and final) day started out with a big bang. Seriously, that is the noise the ten pound plates made when plopped in front of us at Hash House A Go Go. The portion size would put Claim Jumper to shame. (Side note, I wonder if they bought all of Claim Jumpers plate inventory when they BK'd...?) So the low down on the mile high plates? We ordered from several section on the menu.. . From the Hash section Miles went with the roasted chicken Hash. . and brein went with the Meatloaf Hash (Shocker?) Bill went for the Indiana Favorites section and got Sage Fried Chicken with eggs.. . Kerie and I thought eggs Benedict sounded good (and possibly a smaller choice...just by looking at the plates being delivered to other tables...we were very wrong). She got the Crispy Hammered Pork Benedict. . And I the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Starting from the bottom mine had 2 huge home made biscuits, about 2 cups of mashed potatoes (Crisped on the griddle), fresh spinach and tomato slices, 2 slices of crispy bacon, about 8 oz of melted mozzarella cheese, scrambled eggs (looked like 2 or 3), and then the largest fried chicken breast I've ever seen with chipotle Creme poured on top. Oh yea, a slice of watermelon was in there somewhere too. . . Everyone enjoyed their meal, Brein and I enjoyed taking 80% of the food home with us and I even took my dad there a few days later. All in all this is a must HOWEVER I will say that a friend got sick from the location at Imperial Palace and this review ONLY vouches for the location on Sahara.
Great food, portions and atmosphere.  I enjoyed my meal the Black skillet Chicken, my husband ordered the stuffed Bacon Cheeseburger which lacked seasoning, but overall food was good.
this place is so good. HUGE portions.. so you can share one dish.. we got the corned beef hash, and it was yummy.. but not all that?. . also had the chicken & waffles, and chicken benedict. the waffles were SO GOOD... idk about the chicken tho.. and the chicken benedict we didn't even touch it. -_______-
These Vegas locals sure know how to eat!!!!  Come here ready to chow down because every dish is of gargantuan size.  Brunch dishes range from 10-16 dollars.  A bit expensive but you're getting huge portions.  I went with a farm benedict:  HH original w/smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach,roasted red pepper cream and topped w/ two basted eggs.  It definitely hit the spot after a long night of drinking.  . . I also tried one of their famous bloody mary's.  It was good, but a little too much clam juice for my taste.
Portions are huge here! Totally worth the price because the meal alone will get you through an entire day. Bring home the left overs and continue eating the rest of the day! The food taste great as well! Been here a cople of times bringing visiting family and friends and the service is always good. Alot of parking and easy to find, you cant miss the tall sign and old tractor out front. Sometimes theres a wait but thats always a good sign that the place does well. Downside is during the summer when you have to eat outside in the heat so stay hydrated!
Awesome, massive quantity, filling and delicous place to eat- if you're in Vegas, you have to stop by here at least once, it's worth the drive/taxi!!!. . I loved their Chicken and Waffles- everything is massive here, so it's large bacon waffles with crispy chicken on top- the chicken was perfectly crispy and moist.. . I ordered their brown sugar and banana pancake- I thought it was WAY too sweet, and I could only eat two bites, but everyone at the table RAVED about it, they ate the entire thing for me and said it was their favorite thing here.. . We also ordered their meatloaf sandwich- a nice piece of meatloaf  with a large crispy cheese slice on crispy fried bread- it was really good.  We also got their chicken pot pie which was a massive heap of chunky vegetables in a biscuit hat- pretty good, their massive burger with mac+cheese just seemed OK.
Strong portions, strong menu and always a good time.  . . We really enjoy this place.  Have only ducked  in for breakfast and lunch.. . The service hasn't been speedy each time we've been.
Was excited to try out HHaGG and it lives up to the hype.  It's a nice spot away from the strip (yay!) and I've only had one thing so far - the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion & swiss Farm Scramble (see pic) and it was great!  The eggs were tasty as was everything else mixed in and the potatoes were perfect.  Crunchy on the outside, but still tender and not dried out on the inside.  The biscuit was huge and the house made strawberry jam was so good I had to keep slathering it on.  Portions are huge too and the only thing I could say is that the service could have been a bit friendlier, but from the looks of my server, she may have had a rough night the evening previous.
Saw this place on MvF and finally got to visit.  The portion as are huge and so my wife and I shared an entree (I would recommend you do this). We had the fried chicken eggs Benedict.  It comes with a biscuit (instead of the English muffin), it is a mountain of food.  The chipotle cream sauce is a bit strong and so I might get that on the side if I ordered it again, but the chicken was fantastic.. . We are going back again on this trip to share the corned beef hash, but next time I would like to try the chicken and waffles as that looked amazing.. . The service was excellent.
My family had a blast here! We are a family of 5, and we ordered 3 entrees. It was more than enough! My kids loved the bacon inside the waffles with the chicken on top...who wouldn't? We also ordered the BBBLT and the famous man vs food sage chicken benedict. all yummy!
No joke about the portions.... . Birthday boy wanted to come here so I came not expecting too much... I was told it was like a dennys but with huge portions...  BOY was that wrong...  . . 30 minute wait for a party of 10, not bad on sunday afternoon after a busy saturday night in vegas.... . Our server, Travis, was great.  Very friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, made good recommendations and even up sold on some drinks and stuff!   I can appreciate that since I used to server. . . I started with the Kiwi watermelon lemonade.  That thing was delicious!  A couple friends got the fresh squeezed tangarine juice.  Good but a little sour for my tastes.  I was happy with my choice.. . I ended up going with the famous sage fried chicken benedict.  . . Delicious!!!  The chipotle cream sauce was AWESOME!  I ordered an extra side of it since I didn't care about my caloric intake that day.  . . The chicken was nice and moist, flavorful.  Bacon was thick, a little soggy (i like my bacon crispy) but it was under a mountain of food so not the piggies fault...  The spinach and tomato added a nice "healthy" touch... lol sorry I have to laugh when i say that.... . Then I had the big chunk of watermelon that came on my drink as dessert.  . . Let's just say, That was my one meal the entire day and I didn't even think about food until passing out when I finally got home back to LA.
enormous plate portions!!!  WOW! . . I was full just by starring at my plate. . . The breakfast that I had was incredibly good.  The only thing that I was missing was sourdough bread and classic harh browns.  They only had rye and wheat bread and potatoes as hash browns.. . Next time I go, I will try not to eat for several days.  My plate was enough to feed a family of 4!. . 4 huge stars
When I saw this show on Man vs. Food, I knew I had to come here. I had previously yelped this place to see what everyone was ordering.. I ordered the kiwi watermelon lemonade, it was soo yummy! I wished it was bottomless refills! My cousin and I shared a sage fried chicken with bacon waffles and Andy's sage fried chicken benedict. OMG! it was way too much food! It all tasted awesome, service was good and very helpful. Definitely will be back again and try there breakfast menu.
WOW the food.....yeah.  GO for the food.  Down side, had to ask for syrup 4 times from 3 different people.  But man the food.  It was so good.  . . We had meatloaf sandwich on milk bread with salad, sage chicken benedict, tractor special and benedict home style.  Not one of us finished and no one had a bad meal.  We all had beer too.  Mmmmm.  I had a Arrogant Bastard Ale that was terrific.  . . You know what is messed up....we live in Indiana and this place is to originate like 20 min from us and there is NO Hash House A Go Go here.....WTH?????  . . Anyhow, get your a$$ to a Hash House without hesitation!!!  MMMMMMMMMM!!!!
This place is sick.. . That said, it's sick in the most delicious way possible.. . Okay, y'all know me, constantly griping about how many new things I want to try but it's all too far, it's such a chore to get around this city without a car, yada yada, well this is something which I haven't tried yet which isn't all that far out of the way from where I live. I was having Yelp withdrawls, instead of hitting up a usual suspect for the weekend like I have for the past several months, this time I needed to try. something new so I had reason to post a new review. I am an aspiring writer you know. . . I've heard horror stories about the waits to get seated, but when we came in there was no wait at all. I'm guessing that must be during the breakfast rush, since we came in for dinner. . . The ambiance is not what I was expecting based on what I've heard. Outside, it does indeed look "farm-like", but the inside is a different story. The front half of the room was very ~hip~, the back half had a more intimate feel. I always thought the interior would match the exterior with the farm theme, but, like the tagline says, this is TWISTED farm food so that could be part of the point for all I know. . . And now, I will tell you all why this place is so "sick.". . As we were reading over our menus, we were given these gargantuan biscuits smothered in honey. They looked delish, but they were a tad disappointing. They were crispy on the outside, and moist on the inside....until you get closer to the middle. At that point the biscuit gets quite dry, thank god for the whipped butter they give you on the side and all that honey residue on the plate. . . My mom ordered the Bacon Garlic-Mashed Potato burger with bacon cheddar mashed potatoes. Although she couldn't finish it, the burger wasn't too insane. The bacon mashed potatoes were AMAZING. They didn't give us any gravy though, but that was good enough by itself, I definitely know what I'm getting next time I go there. The burger was an unusual taste sensation, having mashed potatoes on it. It is quite tasty once you get used to it however. . . I ordered brinner: Eggs, smothered in cheese with sausage and crispy potatoes, on top of the Flapjack. Now THIS was sick. So sick. The pancake was the size of a SKILLET, and the waitress even had to hold my plate with two hands. Like I said earlier though, the pancake was sick in the most delicious way possible. I had about 3 bites of it before cutting it up into seven pieces to take it to go for the next day (which would be today. And I still haven't finished it). I was shocked about the potatoes. I figured they would be like hash browns, but they were hefty wedges sprinkled with onions and peppers. Salt and pepper did the trick to make them less bland, but they didn't work all that well as I tried to mix them up with the eggs and sausage. It still made for a tasty meal, and I was almost full after finishing up that. . . We were in and out of there in a little over an hour. Talk about swift service. The portion sizes may scare me a little bit, but they are a steal at these prices, and it's always nice to be able to make another meal out of restaurant leftovers.. . Delicious food? Great service? Leftovers that are basically guaranteed? I'll be back alright.
Let me preface this review by saying, I've been to both this hash house and the one at Imperial Palace and this by far is a shitton better in terms of wait time, service, and dare I say even the food. . . I had a large group of famished, sunday-after-vegas-weekend-exhausted friends. All of them more than ready to show hash's infamously large plates what was up. Okay well maybe that could've just been my thoughts, really.. . I was fortunate enough to have an eating partner willing to partake in my fatty adventure. The original request of a not so detrimental eggs benedict had been replaced by the andy's sage fried chicken benedict and a chorizo hash. Mind you, two very gargantuan orders. What a good sport, I almost kind of felt bad. Almost. . . Everyone got a variety of things which was of course, more food than anyone should ever force to digest in one sitting. We really enjoyed the sage fried chicken and chorizo orders --and were also the only two who finished all of our food. . . Side note, the fried chicken in and of itself was a bit dry. Luckily there was enough fat off the bacon, and the fried cheese to keep it moist. LOL. . . My friend got the kiwi watermelon drink thing which she seemed to have liked. No one else bothered with drinks. . . Bellies full, albeit painfully. Back on the road for a very long comatose drive home.
One of mine and my boyfriends favorite places to eat...but just know that if you go....plan to wait if its prime time...and go HUNGRY! The amount of food is sickening but makes great left overs and is such a great concept with great homestyle flavors kicked up. The only thing I have had that I was not a fan of was the meatloaf. I think I just like my recipe better. BUT the benedict varieties are great and the French Toast rocks too.
Plan on arriving at least 30 minutes before you want to eat because you will face the inevitable wait that comes with eating at a Hash House A Go Go.  The wait here was more tolerable, however, than the San Diego location which requires standing outside.  And, the wait was much shorter than when I went to the San Diego location -- 45 minutes v. 2 hours.  . . We ordered a variety of things at the table, including the the trucker combo, chicken & waffles, and a hash dish (chorizo & jalapeno).  Everyone was very happy with their meal, though most of us couldn't finish everything on the massive plates.  For the amount of food you get the prices aren't bad.  Couldn't stomach any more liquor so don't know if the drinks are any good but the Bloody Mary looked pretty damn good.
The first time I went here I was hooked.. . Drink - I strongly recommend the Bloody Mary, even if you don't like them try someone's in the group you go with if possible and I think they will change your mind.  It's a bit spicy and is not tomato-y.  It's just 100% awesome.  Every trip to Vegas gets me to this place just for this drink at least once, its a must have.. . Food - I've tried a couple different dishes and Andy's Sage Chick is my favorite.  Piled high with awesomeness, fried chicken, chipotle sauce, bacon and eggs.. . If you go during peak hours prepare yourself to wait, its worth it but you will be standing there for a while.  Peak hours from my observation is weekends and nights.
This was the location I first experienced Hash House after watching Man vs. Food.  Very happy I came. The food is basically on steroids. A plate can feed at least 2 adults. The food is super sized but it doesn't lose it's quality. Amazingly delicious!!! . . This last time that I was there. I ordered the chorizo hash and griddled French toast with a refreshing kiwi watermelon lemonade. . . What I've had:. Andy's sage fried chicken benedict-I've had it several times and I could only eat 1/4 of the dish. It was certainly delicious. The chipotle cream made the dish even more special. . Fried chicken and waffles-it's a tower of chicken on top of a bed of waffles. . chicken pot pie-ginormous like all the other plates. It's a deconstructed pot pie. . corned beef hash (my bf's favorite!!) . caramelized banana pancakes-this is heaven!!! It's the size of a large pizza so be prepare to share with 3 other ppl. . Andy's famous bread pudding-very rich, chocolaty, fluffy and lovely!!! . . Won't disappoint!!! You will never walk away hungry. To top it off, every person in your party will walk out with left-overs/an actual meal.
The food here is BIG and DELICIOUS!  We experienced slowish service, but we weren't in a hurry, so that was okay.  The food is rich and heavy.  But it really is good.  Out of the four people in our party all but one person loved their food.  I tried bites of every ones food and thought it all tasted good.  It is pricey, but you do get alot.  And you could split if you are not a super big eater.  I think, being a Foodie, that it is very worth the stop!!!
I ate their this weekend..drove off the strip about 12 min but well worth it their was a line outside to get seated it took about 30 to sit ..ordered a s'more mocha it was delicious a s'more you could drink wow! Then ordered a brown sugar banana pancake and that was also delicious. Their was 4 of us and we all loved our food and its so much food for so little $... go there will definitely be back ;)
Do not let the plate fall in your lap, it will break your leg. Talk about a lot to eat. WOW. I was already to dis this place, because the front doesn't know what the back is doing, but there were a lot of us and it was getting late. So, after waiting an hour, we were all split up into three tables. Not good so we waited a few minutes more and the manager got us straighten away outside on the patio. We were not happy yet, but they were trying. We ordered and when the dishes came, holy cow. There was enought food on any one plate to feed four. And the food was good, Go figure. Well, food great and prices okay, service, well staff needs to be trained on how to handle large parties, there were 11 of us. But after we thought we were going to just walk out, we were pleasantly surprised.
Good food... and lots of it!!!
Dishes:. Ground turkey, mushroom & broccoli Scrambles. Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese House Hash. Two coffee. . Huge Huge HUGE portion! My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast during Thanksgiving weekend. We wanted to order the waffle too but our server told us their portion is pretty big! And I was glad I did not order the waffle. . . Service: . Servers are very energetic. Couple servers like to sing in the background and honestly! They got GOOD voice! I went like "where is the voice coming from!!??". . Minus 1 star for the service because our server refilled the coffee for the table next to us but not US even though we looked at him like we WANT COFFEE! Still... either we did not give the eye contact he wanted or he just did not want to refill for us.
I came here for breakfast and was shocked by the size of their food it's enormous. You should try to share since there is no way anyone can eat one plate by themselves. This said I had something called Benny's chicken (don't really remember the whole name) it was chicken, eggs, pesto sauce, mushrooms and cheese all over a biscuit. The food and service were excellent and I can't wait to come back.
Super fatty, ginormous, American breakfast feast platters. How can you go wrong? You're already at the city of Sin, just add gluttony to the list of vices.. . I've seen Hash House A Go Go on the FoodNetwork and have heard great things from friends, so I made it a point to check this place out, and of all days, the morning of my Las Vegas Marathon. I made sure I had enough protein, carbs, and starches in my system to keep me going for the long haul. Boy, did that plan come to fruition.. . My family and I showed up around 10am and were seated shortly. We ended up getting the Sage Fried Chicken on top of the Spinach Scramble which also had Biscuits and Gravy. Somewhere in there were slabs of bacon and a whole bunch of country potatoes. zOMG! . . I loved how, although the fried chicken was so large, it was juicy and tender and not at all dried out. The eggs were kind of overwhelming, but I love eggs. The biscuits were a little dense and dry, but the fatty and gluttonous gravy helped solve that issue. Every part of that platter was enjoyable. Three adults split that one entree and we barely cleaned it off.. . Service was somewhat slow, as our server was conveniently missing in action, while we saw all the other servers zipping by constantly. The line to get a table was pretty long by the time we left. One grip [hence the 4 stars and not 5], was the fact that there was a $2.50 splitting fee. In encouraging each person to perform their own personal episode of Man vs Food, they've enforced a fee on top of splitting the food.. . The one way you can waive that splitting fee is by ordering a side: a side of fruit, some bacon, biscuits, or even, yes you guessed it, a bowl of country gravy. We chose that ;D. . Even the kids' meal sizes are large. Everything food related here is large! And tasty. . . I will likely make this place a tradition - really like the food and can't wait to try all the other tasty items.. . There is a parking lot out front and it seemed large enough to satisfy the customer base here.
I love this place, but I don't like it. It wreaks havoc with all my good intentions to eat little, and eat healthy. There's not a dietitian alive who'd condone a dinner of mounds of deep-fried chicken piled atop FOUR, count 'em four Belgian waffles, garnished with more than a few strands of fried leeks, unless you count the sprig of fresh rosemary as a green vegetable.  That's hubby's favorite dish at this spot, which bills itself as "Twisted Farm Food.". . The best I can do in my Perpetual Diet World is the Stuffed Meatloaf, and I love it. Two slabs of meatloaf, with cheese, fresh spinach, and tomato stuffed inside, atop a mound of mashed potatoes.  The bonus is fresh green beans, which have the cooked-but-crisp quality I love at Chinese restaurants, and carrots.  I can continue to be delusional as I dig in!  I always order this dish without the marsala cream sauce, but whichever server I havealways brings it on the side anyway.  The dish doesn't need it, and I sure don't need the calories.  My cousin dipped a pinkie in the sauce and pronounced it bland, so I'm sure I'm not missing anything.  And the double bonus is that I have enough of the meat loaf left over for a substantial dinner the next night!. . We usually come to Hash House when we have out-of-town guests, because it something our [East Coast] visitors can't get at home.  This time was no exception, and it's a hoot to watch their reactions when the food is brought out, either to our table or surrounding ones.  Even we gaped at a foot-high dish at a nearby table, and couldn't figure out what that pile on top of a slab of watermelon was.  We found out later that it's the Fried Green Tomato appetizer, and we marveled at that couple's ability to polish that off and continue on to main courses.  It looked fabulous, but I don't think we'll ever be ordering it.. . One thing I take exception to here is the wine list.  They've crossed the $7 line as their least expensive glass of wine, and at $10 and $12 a glass for my coveted Rieslings, I vote with my wallet.  As non-Strip eaters, we're not used to paying these prices, and I missed my customary wine with dinner.. . Still, HHAGG will stay on my bucket list for our visitors, and we sure get enough of 'em.
When I lived in SD, we frequented the Hillcrest location. I loved that they expanded out to Vegas!. . I've come here on a few occasions now... with a bachelorette party, for a girl's trip, with a mommy-daughter bonding trip. The food here has always been solid... and the portions have always been HUMONGOUS! The service has been iffy, usually hit or miss.. . I love their fried chicken and waffles, their housemade biscuits are always a hit and the hashes have been solid.. . Flapjacks, I highly recommend the banana and brown sugar one. It's a HUGE pancake that tastes like bananas foster! Downside is that the charge for split plates and have minimum order enforcements for people. You can get around that by ordering a biscuit and splitting a main course since the amount of food is insane!
A great place for a nice breakfast. Big portions, good food and friendly staff. . . Try one of their special versions of eggs Benedict. These twists on the classic version are delicious.
I am comparing this with the hash house in imperial palace...exterior is really cute and my group was seated promptly. Staff was really courteous and friendly. We ordered: . . Watermelon kiwi lemonade: this really failed for me. The watermelon kiwi combo was weird to begin with and it went downhill with the lemonade. . . Orange juice: definitely fresh and quite delicious!. . Chicken and waffles: soft waffle, delicious chicken. Definite recommend along with a side of chipotle cream sauce. . . Farm scramble with sun dried tomato and goat cheese: yum, but sun dried tomato was a bit overpowering. Biscuit is nice and buttery. Mashed potatoes were amazing! Very buttery, just the right consistency of chunky to smooth...get this over the bland crispy potatoes. . . Cobb salad: gigantic and yum! chicken was dry and oddly sweet, but they sure didn't skimp on the blue cheese and bacon!. . Fruit side: small and plain. Not worth it. . . I actually felt that I liked the one at imperial palace more, but overall still delicious and worth a try!
As soon as we arrived from the long drive from Cali, I told my fiance we had to go try this place. Perfect place to go if you are starving! Portions are HUGE and the prices are reasonable. . . I got the mushroom, artichoke, sun dried tomato, spinach hash omelette and my fiance got Andy's sage fried chicken hash. It's MASSIVE and I didn't finish it. . . After eating, I was totally in a food coma. Overall, the wait wasn't  bad on a Friday morning, service was good. We will definitely come back for more!
Best breakfast in Vegas!!! The only reason for four stars (not five)  - you have to wait quite a while, but the food is absolutely delicious. . I like this location more than one at Imperial Palace, less noisy and it has more light, other one feels like a bunker because it has no windows.
My family ate here yesterday and we really enjoyed our experience.  We decided we wanted to venture off the strip.  This location is in a more residential spot. It's easy to see that the majority of people here are locals as opposed to tourists.  Nice ambiance.  Good service. . . I had the sage chicken, eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes and biscuit dish.  Very good.  My father had the pancakes with apples.  You get ONE very large pancake that is literally the size of a medium pizza. He said it was really good. My niece got the salmon hash. She liked it.  My mother and nephew got the sausage gravy biscuits and they loved it.  . . The portions are insanely large. But since I like leftovers that part didn't bother me.  The sage chicken was tender and very well seasoned. Loved it!
We came here the seconf weekend of December, for the time we did not have to wait over an hour for a table. Of course, it help that we came right before they closed.. I had the waffles and Fried chicken, the portion was extremly large and it was delicious!  Waffle was crunchy and the fried chicken was juicy tasty; not greasy, which go well with their fried leeks  and compliment the overall task.   I have been searching for the best waffles and fried chicken and I have to say Hash House A Go Go is one of my top three.
I had the corned beef hash today.  It was okay.  Not that excited about having cheese in the hash, but it was okay.   Also not that excited about eating out of a iron pan.  You scratch the bottom with the your fork and you get that rusty metalic type flavor on the fork.  Would prefer this on a plate next time.. . Mom had the french toast which was outstanding. She doesn't eat a lot, so you know I have to help.  They grill banana halves with the skin on and you eat it like your carving out a canoe.  That banana was the bomb.
The food was great! Huge portions. I will be a regular here!
Service was Awesome!!  Clean bathrooms. Gourmet breakfast on a budget.  Food was tasty and pretty.  Chicken and waffles were enough for 3 people.
Oh my! I came here for new year's breakfast and this place is amazing in portions. For the amount of things they give you, the price is really good.  . . BEWARE: one plate is ginormous.. . Mango-Coconut pancake: The pancake was a little disappointing and too soggy.. . Coffee: Ok.. . Tangerine juice: Not bad, but they don't squeeze that stuff, FYI.. . Fried Green Tomatoes: My first time trying these. Not bad. Balsamic vinegar, chicken, goat cheese, and green tomatoes.. . Andy Sage's Fried Chicken: The Man vs. Food plate. Yes, it was good. . . Fried Chicken and Waffles: This is what the waitress recommended. Very good. Too good... No bones in the chicken.. . Presentation was really nice and there was so much food left!
Awesome food and huge portions. Had the chicken and waffles, and thought I was going to explode! I'm still full!
Came here for some grub. Got HUGE PORTIONS. Three ladies we ordered the COBB SALAD- was so good, I'm in love. Eggs Benedict - original- was so big and crazy, couldn't tell what it was.It was still good. and Chicken and waffles- looked so crazy big and scary, but didn't scare me, took it down and tore it to pieces. MIMOSAs- grapefruit was delicious, and TRY THE TANGERINE MIMOSA - delicious.  and some fruit. . 3 girls with a bill of over 100 bucks is a bit of a problem, but who cares we had a good time and were full!
Yummmm...
Mmmmm food! This is a great breakfast eatery to visit when you are famished or waking up with the drunk munchies from tying one on the night before. The portions are ginormous and the presentation is pretty extraordinary too. I don't generally like for my food items to be all loved up to each other like they serve it up here but at Hash House, it works. Everything on the plate is served as though it is one item, if that makes any sense. All I know is, this is some delicious grub. . . Andy's sage fried chicken is so warm, juicy and sage-y. So good. But it's hard to make a decision because the smoked salmon benedict is incredible as well. They offer quesadillas with a sriracha garnish that is a favorite of mine too. I have tried most of the menu items at one time or another and the only thing I would not order again is the pot pie. I didn't like the cracker crust. Just a personal preference. Hash House is not a one trick pony either. The lunch and dinner menus have some great dishes. I haven't sampled as many items as I have on the breakfast menu but I definitely recommend the crispy cornmeal salmon sandwich. The wheat bun and chili mayo really make this sandwich sing. Love it. . . Besides the pot pie, I also don't like the split plate charge. IMHO it is inappropriate to charge more money for the exact same amount of food just because more people are going to be eating it. I rolled in with a group of four that selected three entrees to share, which would have been more than enough food to feed five people, only to be told that there was something like a $3.00 split plate charge. I'm not sure of the exact amount. And while three bucks isn't that big of deal it still seems unnecessary. . . Those few cons won't keep from going back though. The food is just too good.
This place was perfect for brunch. The restaurant is pretty big and clean. Our party of 3 had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, and we were eating before we even knew it! The portions are HUGE so sharing would be a good option. . . We ordered the fried chicken & waffle (the best), the eggs Benedict that had bacon and biscuits and a million other things on it (too much, too heavy), and banana cinnamon french toast (yummy but also a huge portion). Our waitress was super friendly and helpful in making our decision and the food came out really quickly.. . I'd recommend this place over a buffet. Can't go wrong with a place that has tons of celebrity pictures on their wall, and they were even on Man vs. Food!
My boyfriend and I were starving and took our cab driver's advice and went here.. . Don't get me wrong, the food was GOOD but it wasn't anything special. I ordered the Portabello mushroom sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. My boyfriend pound burger stuffed with mashed potato and bacon. He was pretty much in heaven. My meal was probably the best portabello mushroom sandwich I've had.. . The food came out quick, the staff was incredibly friendly but the look of the place isn't very tasteful. But it's supposed to be that way I suppose. . . But I left happy and full so that's all that matters!!
Menus diff per location I guess. Long line, American food, big portions, and just comfy ok fatty breakfast. Their JAM IS incredible! Only because its not from a packet haha. . Service is okay but responsive. Didn't hear that the seafood stuff is good, so keep away from the Salmon Benedict...but this place doesn't look like a seafood place anyways.. . Got the Chorizo Hash (Chorizo, Jalapeno, Cheddar Cheese, Potatoes, Eggs, Biscuit, Peppers & Onions) - it was good. Would I come back again? Sure but I wouldn't insist on having to come here though.. . Decent place. Located in the Imperial Palace hotel upstairs.
I feel like writing a review for Hash House is just ridiculous. Their pictures and reputation precede them. Lemme sum it up: Ginormous portions of amazingly delicious, high calorie (but who cares), decadent food for which your belly and soul will be ever grateful to you. . . Eat here.
I was so bummed that I couldn't order the chicken and waffles I wanted....only because I wasn't feeling well. I didn't want to miss my chance at eating here so, I tagged along anyways. I had the Sticky Hot Granola. It was really good. If, that's your thing. It's not what I would normally order but it was delicious. My hubby got a combo breakfast and really liked his food. My sister Susan has been here several times and always orders a Bacon Waffle. She loves it. I thought it was just ok. My sister Karen didn't really care for this place. She wanted to go down the street to our usual spot The Egg and I. But, she ordered the Chicken and Waffles and said she really didn't like it. But, everyone else loved it. You have to be really prepared to wait or just get there right when they open.
This place believes in the adage...more is more! No matter what you order...it is piled up a mile high. The key here is to share! Share or founder yourself trying. They charge a $2.50 fee to share....unless you are very clever...and yup, I am . Order a side of bacon, or any side really, then there is no charge. The plates of hash, piled high, are enormous.  The presentation is stunning.  They serve beautiful, fat biscuits,  fresh from the oven. These are best eaten with the peach and pear compote that they make fresh every day. . . The atmosphere here is lively,  Great for large partys.  Keep in mind, this place gets packed like sardines...but well fed sardines.
O.M.G. portions were huge!!! Felt like I was eating in a buffet since the size of my plates were doubled. It was definitely a great experience and well worth your money. I ordered a sandwich with some seasoned potatoes and veggies. That thing was so big that I had to cut it into fourths. My friend also ordered a burger that she couldn't even scarf it down because it was that big. Overall, a great place to visit if you're hungry for some good appetite. Just remember that there will be leftovers on your way out.
The portions here are mind blowing !! the food was delicious !! only thing that disappointed me was that i kinda wish that i knew that their portions were so big... i would of shared my dish with someone.. instead we left with 3/4 of our dish!! but hey, the prices that they ask for on these entrees is definitely very inexpensive. Surprisingly when we went there was no wait at all, from what i remember the service was pretty good. we left with a full stomach and a better strategy the next time we return to vegas !!
HUGE portions here!!. . I think our leftovers lasted us into the next couple days.. Will be coming back with a lot more people to try all of the "twisted farm food" they have to offer.. . The kiwi-watermelon lemonade is very refreshing and goes well with the heavy food that they serve here.. . service and quality was pretty decent, no complaints.
Eat It OR Beat It?. **EAT IT!!**. . If you're looking to grub on LOTS of food, come here! The quality is slightly above average but with the amount of food and reasonable prices, you can't complain! Just remember... come here if and when you have an appetite or else you will end up bringing home a ton of food! . . CONCLUSION:. EAT IT!!!! all of it! mmmmmm!
Hash House A Go Go was another restaurant my sister really liked, but she had tried the one in San Diego.  Being buffeted out, we wanted to grab breakfast somewhere different, the mister and I decided to try Hash House A Go Go.  They have several locations in Vegas, but we decided on the one on Sahara since it got the better reviews.  . . This location is a few miles away from the strip, but the place was packed on Sunday at 9:30A with both locals and Californians.  Must be a good sign.  . . Our party was 4 + a baby, so 5 in total.  They said that it would take about 20-25 minutes and I was prepared to wait, but the mister was antsy and wasn't really feeling the wait.  He was set to leave, when low and behold, they called our name.  That was only about 10 minutes.  It was our lucky day!  The food gods wanted us to try the joint.  . . We were seated at the booth, which fit the carseat w/ my baby, me, and the mister on one side and the in-laws on the other side.  . . Looking over the menu, there were some very interesting selections.  Although I knew I should try the hash since it is part of their name, I went with the Snickers Flapjacks...I've never seen that as a pancake choice before.  The mister ended up getting the chicken hash w/ asparagus and the in-laws shared the salmon hash.  I order my mister the watermelon kiwi lemonade.  According to the waitress, it was the most popular non-alcoholic drink.  . . Our food arrived pretty quickly and our waitress was friendly and checked on us frequently.  My flapjack was HUGE!  It was very yummy.  The Snickers were melted throughout the pancake, it was better than a chocolate chip pancake and it wasn't too sweet either.  My mister's chicken hash tasted very fresh....much better tasting than the hash at Hash at the Hotel Erwin in Venice.  The salmon hash was pretty good too.  Even the watermelon kiwi lemonade was awesome.  The drink is in three layers...top layer is the kiwi, middle is the lemonade, and the bottom is the watermelon.  Very creative and so refreshing!. . I was impressed with Hash House A Go Go.  Yes, I am a fan!
Ahh, you have no idea. I've wanted to come here for so long, and the time finally arrived! I love brunch. I especially love BIG brunch. I hated myself a little after finishing my delicious scramble at Hash House AGG because my belly couldn't stretch enough to down the whole thing. Or any of the biscuit. Or the fruit. Or all the potatoes.. . Good news: leftovers!. . Hostesses were so-so. Waiter was very friendly. Nothing super exciting about the decor. But who cares, my face was buried under too much egg and cheese to notice anything else.
Health nuts need not apply.  I had the friend chicken and waffles and it was pretty good.  My wife had a stuffed burger (which was HUGE) and it was delicious.  Our friend also had a stuffed burger (with mashed potatoes) and it looked delicious.  Even the kids portions were HUGE.  I can't wait to go back and try the BBBLT (I think it's all the bacon that you can get from one pig) which looks amazing.. The only downside was the hour long wait on a sunday morning to get a table, which might have actually worked in our favor since the portions are enormous.
Breakfast is a beast. Bananas Foster Pancake is AMAZING! Service was only so-so. Not impressed with their sevice, but as for the food? Way Good. Glad I went.
FOOD: Andy Sage's Fried Chicken Benedict. This one was a monster. Holy crap this was a huge order. But it was definitely delicious. It was like two giant egss benedicts with a healthy pice of chicken breast on each one laying on a bed of mashed potatoes. I recommend sharing.. . PRICE: Around $12-$15 range.. . AMBIANCE: Very relaxed, casual, modern.. . CUSTOMER SERVICE: Excellent!!!!
Good value for the money. Serving sizes are good for two people so come hungry. The tenderloin was especially good. Make sure to order extra buns!
I love this place!!!! My favorite item is the salmon pesto and brie scramble. It comes with the biggest biscuit ever. Huge portions. I also like the fresh jams on the table. Service is always very quick. Be prepared to wait for a table if you go in peak meal times.
Holy crap this was a wonderful experience!!!  Had a great time - lots of things to look at and the portions are HUGE!!!  I also love the straws .. wish I could have gotten a few more of them to take home!  I will be back!
Breakfast all the time whats not to love? . This place rocked and lived up to the hype.  The food was large, eclectic and tasty.. the service was great... I have to give huge props to our server Fonda.... she was outstanding....  . . The food..  First realize that the portions are huge...  I could not finnish a whole order of Chicken and Waffles...  but the Chicken was great..  The addition of the fried leaks gave this dish a savory component that is lacking at other places...  I've eaten at Roscoe's in LA ( the mecca of Chicken of Waffles) and the Hash House version has nothing to be ashamed of.  My other friends had a Meatloaf sandwich and a Bacon, Cheese and mashed potato burger and they all were huge and yummy looking.... The service was really good. Admittedly we were there at off peak ours but...  They took really good care of us. . Nobody left the Hash House hungry... the food was a fun take on breakfast classics and the service was down home friendly...
Breakfast all the time!  A Midwest staple.  . This place rocked and lived up to the hype.  The food was large, eclectic and tasty.. the service was great...depsite being very crowded and a popular place/. . The food..  First realize that the portions are redonkulously large...  I could not finish a whole order of Biscuits and Gravy...  possibly made a mistake ordering french fries on top of potatoes that came with my oder - but our server said we did a "great" job and came closer than most to finishing our dishes.. . My friend had a burger with hardwood smoked bacon, avocado and cheddar cheese.. the burger was huge and yummy looking...I snuck a bite..... . Nobody left the Hash House hungry...in fact, just as some of the reviews have said, we needed a nap after.... the food was a fun take on breakfast classics and the service was down home friendly...and the atmosphere was pleasant and the decor was Midwest modern and relaxing for the middle of the desert.
This place is great. Generally when I come here it's with at least 2 people. The prices are a little bit priceyfor breakfast. I combat this by trying to find something we can both enjoy and split the meal! It's worked out quite well and it saves some money!! Great breakfast joint.
After getting a recommendation from the concierge my friends and I arrived at Hash House. Now admittedly the walk through the hotel to get there was a bit seedy, but it was worth it for the huge portions and great prices.. . When we arrived around 11am, there was a 30 minute line, which was fine for me since I assume a line means good food. After being seated, I ordered the bacon and mashed potato burger. First off, mashed potato in a burger? Hell yeah America! Secondly, this thing was huge! Weighing in over a pound, I thought it was going to take a bite out of me at one point.. . I also ordered their classic Bloody Mary. Now I'm a bit persnickety when it comes to my bloody mary's, but this one was perfect and had the right blend of spicy and salty without being too strong.. . Despite the burlesque name, Hash House a Go Go is a great place and I'll be back soon for more.
I kept hearing about this establishment as a great breakfast spot, and didn't want to go to a watered down version of it with locations located throughout various casinos on the strip. So, we opted for the one about 6 miles off the strip. Don't let the drive to it scare ya, as it's lined with a lot of vacant businesses. You will reach the location as it's across a CarMax and it's next to some Vampire themed club (no, I'm not joking).. . We got here around 8:30am Saturday and the place was pretty vacant. We took the tip from others stating to get here before 10am. Loved the mellow ambiance of the place and the staff was super friendly and got seated with our menus asap. . . Their menu was no joke and goes way beyond the standard breakfast options. Some things made myself and the hubby go ooo and ahhh, but since we didn't want to try anything too crazy as we were heading to Utah for an long day of being outdoors, we opted for something that would sustain us for a long day ahead. I opted for the original HH benedicts while the hubby got the Tractor Driver combo. We looked around the other tables with the huge portions, so we knew what to expect. . Here's the breakdown:. . Original HH benedict- Crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin w/ market yellow tomato, spinach, bar b' que cream and topped w/ scrambled eggs, --oh, and this in top of a huge biscuit and mashed potatoes!!!! Holy moly, when they brought it out, it was like a diorama of the Red Rock canyon, with a sprig of rosemary as a miniature tree on top of the mountains! I swear, cutting into it was cutting through 5-6 layers of food! One bite and man oh man...so gooooooood!!!! The BBQ cream gave it a different flavor because I'm a hollandaise type of gal, but it worked for this dish! Seriously, 2 people could have split this entree, but I got through about 75% on my own (hey, needed the carbs for the hiking!). Definite try if you're an eggs benedict person like me. . . As for the Tractor Driver combo, it was a borderline pothole sized pancake with eggs and bacon. The hubby can eat pancakes, but even he only ate about 1/2 of the pancake in order to eat the eggs and bacon as well. Goodness! . . So yea...the portions here flat out represents why people think people in America are fatties. And if an episode of "Man vs. Food" had to prove how ginormous their portions are...yea, come here with an appetite.. . I won't lie...I secretly would like to return to try to chicken and waffles breakfast I saw others eating at the place, but again, will have to share that monstrocity with someone because I may get a heart attack if I ate it myself. . . Prices justify the portions and the taste. Yea, get here early! It's legit
yum yum yum! saw this place on man vs food and got the eggs benidict.. . came on during sunday lunch only had to wait 30 mins got our mojitos orange juice  waffles and grub on. . . our server was super friendly and prompt and my bf and i left super full and happy :)
Yummy!!. . Portions are humongous and that's an understatement. . . I ordered the chicken and waffles. It could easily feed 2+ people - comes with 2 pieces of chicken and 4 bacon waffles. I could only finish one waffle and chicken. . . They have mimosas. That's always a plus.. . Hot sauce isn't automatically a condiment that comes with the meal which is a boo but they had sriracha when I asked. So all good. . . Had to ask for extra maple syrup. I'm not a syrup whore but for the amount of food, I had to ask for more syrup. . . All the people who work there were super chill and nice.
This place was really really good!! They aren't kidding you about the portion and that's what I liked best about it. The price is reasonable and the food itself was pretty delicious. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Penne and though it needed more seasonings, it was HUGE!!!! Our waitress was also very nice and she checked up on us regularly. I will be coming back to Has House A Go Go when I come back to Vegas!!!
The Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle is so good! I shared this with friends, way too much food for me to eat alone. But the chicken was perfect! The flavor was amazing. Then paired with the bacon waffle and maple syrup made the sweet and salty combination just sing in your mouth. One of my favorite dishes!
Huge portions is what makes me come back.. Service is wonderful, but the wait sucks.  Smoke apple bacon burger and sage fried chicken a winner.  Waiter always asked if you have been here before (warning to how much food is served).  There's table, booth, bar, or outdoor seating.  Place is very well clean.  Manager was very nice since my restaurant.com coupon was only good for dinner and I came in for lunch.  They gave me a discount anyways and gave my coupon back.  Nice gesture.. . Parking is plenty.  Easy to find on Sahara.
Unique take on comfort food. Even though they're always busy, we still get seated and served quickly. The food and drinks are always good. The servings are huge- plan on taking some home with you.
I had the Andy's chicken! Crazy huge portion! Amazing presentation! My hubby had the chorizo hash....he said it was ok. He ate half of mine. Had a yummy butterscotch espresso, yum! Oj was fresh and yummy! A Vegas must go to breakfast place! Then go walk 5 miles! Totally worth it though. Service was good. I think I'll venture to the San Diego location with my family this summer! We got there at about 10:15 on a Sunday and got seated right away. When we left the wait was insane!
Hash House a Go Go is one of those places you have to enjoy at least once out of the many trips you'll take to Vegas. You won't regret it. Hash House features American Farmhouse Food with a twist! Portions are huge and the combinations are creative. This place will get you eating outside of your comfort zone, and you'll be okay with it!. . SAGE FRIED CHICKEN and BACON WAFFLES. We had heard so much about the chicken and waffles, so the bf HAD to get it: Sage Fried Chicken stacked up high atop Hash House's famous bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction, and fried leeks. Remember that thing I mentioned about the portion sizes being huge?! Yeah, this is the perfect example. One look, and the bf knew he wouldn't be able to finish it by himself. Hah. Good thing I'm always available to pick up the slack. ;) BTW, it was phenomenal. I loved the bacon waffles!. . BENEDICT. Of course once I saw the word "Benedict," I was already drawn in. But um... be warned, they don't serve "traditional" anything at Hash House a Go Go, so don't go in expecting "traditional" American Fare. I love to try new things, so I was real excited about their gourmet-sounding Benedict. I chose the HH original w/ smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, roasted red pepper cream, and two basted eggs. Like all Benedicts at HH, it was served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mash. It was excellent. I'm a huge fan of spinach and roasted red peppers, so this was totally right up my alley. The eggs were cooked perfectly, and all the flavors melded together very nicely. And even though I am the biggest fan of Hollandaise, this red pepper cream sauce was a nice complement. . . BIG O'CRISPY HAND HAMMERED PORK TENDERLOIN SANDWICH. This sandwich is almost as big as it's name! It's like a HUGE pork cutlet served in a whole wheat bun, with onion, pickles, and ketchup. It comes with a choice of side.. Hungry people, search no further! This thing is HUGE. This is taking "huge portion sizes" to another level. You'll have to see it to believe it. As for the taste, it was good. Almost like any other good, tasty, crispy pork cutlet I've ever had. Just 10x bigger... . VERDICT. Overall, if you order the "right" things, you won't be disappointed. And of the things I've eaten at Hash House a Go Go, I have yet to be dissatisfied. Try, try, try this place! Especially if you are a big eater, like me. ;). . Yelp 365 - #280/365
I really enjoyed my birthday breakfast at Hash house... The food is great and the portions are huge! I had the french toast and had a very delicious pineapple mimosa as well.  I happened to be there on the second Saturday of the month, so they had a DJ spinning and had a Hillbilly Hoedown themed party.  It was awesome! Will definitely recommend this to all my friends traveling to Vegas!
HUGE portions, decent prices for the food you get, always busy for breakfast so expect a wait, but good service and the food was excellent. Will definitely be back soon!
Huge portions!!!!  I ordered chicken and waffles and it can easily feed 2-3 people!  The chicken was crispy and perfectly cooked.  Loved the combination with the waffles.  Great presentation and the service was friendly too.
2 words you must know: HUGE PORTIONS. . If you're on a diet, you better order a plate to share with 3 other people.  The plates here can definitely feed 2, if not 3 or 4 people.  . . My favorite thing to order here is the Griddled French toast.  They are 4 huge slices on this dish and it comes with fried Plantin bananas.  They already add the syrup for you and they actually put a good amount.  Of course they offer extra syrup and butter for your taste.  My cousins ordered the Chicken Eggs Benedict, and the BBBLT (bacon bacon bacon Lettuce Tomato sandwhich).  Again, portions huge!  . . We were actually able to order all different things and share family style.  I think that's cool.  All the food was yummy! The benedict biscuit bread was a tad bit thick so it kind of took away flavor from all the other stacks on top of it.  I hate when I can't taste the egg!  This is definitely the place to take someone who loves to eat breakfast or brunch.  Entertain them with the huge plates!. . Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (59/365).
Long lines but worth the wait, all I need to say is chicken waffles.  And the house hash is so out of hands, its out of both hands.  crazy large portions.
I have been to Hash House before but not at this location. My prior experience were not so good. But I decided to give it another chance. And I have to say that this location is far better than the other one in Imperial Palace. The food and service was just awesome.. . So, we got there early and were seated right away. The waitress was nice and attentive. . . I ordered the Benedict Andy Sage Chicken. ^_^ this was extremely good. Just thinking about this dish is making my mouth water. Additionally, my b ordered the roasted chicken which was another great dish. Not to mention, the portion are huge. . . With that say, I would totally come back to this restaurant.
Come hungry! Portions are huge, (they will warn you) and they offer friendly and fast service.. I had the infamous sage fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was nice, light crunch (corn flakes), and the waffles were stuffed with full pieces of bacon. I really enjoyed the fried leeks, it really added a nice touch.. Overall we had a good experience, food was good and we were back on the road quickly.
Wife and I went to the Sahara location this past weekend 6/9/12; I had been to this location several times, this was her first time at any HHaGG.  I have learned to stick with the chicken and waffles, as I always tend to regret ordering other things on the menu.  Not that the other items aren't good, it's just that the sandwiches, skillets, etc. are on par with other breakfast places.  The chicken and waffles here are IMO the best item on the menu, and the best I've had in town (compared to M&M, Gritz).  . . As previously stated by everyone else, the portions are HUGE. We knew this, and decided to share this dish, and ordered a side of biscuits and gravy (actually, only 1 biscuit). The menu suggests a $2.50 split plate charge, but the waitress just brought us an empty plate, and we did it ourselves for free!  Good times.. . The biscuits and gravy are VERY good, but VERY rich, with chunks of meat and creamy goodness that fills the little bowl.  The biscuit is soft, flaky, and resists soaking from the gravy well, giving you a nice consistent texture, without mushiness.  I dare say the FLAVOR of the biscuit and gravy is now my favorite thing at HHaGG. The problem is it so rich, I would find it hard to make a full meal out of it.  Sharing a side is the way to go for this gutbomb!  Even splitting, we still left a waffle (sans bacon, of course) behind.
Having seen the restaurant on MVF, I knew I had to make it a stop if I ever got to Vegas.  I spent the last week there for a family gathering, and kept trying to find some time to break away to get there.  I told my wife that we WOULD be going on our way out of town.  We got there at about 10 am on a Thursday.  We walked right in and there was no wait to be seated.  The ambiance is cool, and everything seems like it was well thought out.  It was clean, and the staff was very friendly.. . I ordered the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.  All I can really say is, do it.  Eat this magnificent blend of flavors and textures.  Come hungry, it's a beast... but you will leave with a smile.  The fried chicken is juicy, firm, and the breading is light and subtle.  The hint of sage really adds a lot.  It might be the best fried chicken I've ever eaten... but that's a tough call.  The griddle mashed potatoes are excellent.  They get the texture perfect, and they are just the right amount of salt.  The chipotle sauce on the top is great also.. . My wife had the meatloaf and eggs breakfast.  The meatloaf was delicious.  It was not mushy or runny or falling apart.  It was a firm patty, neatly grilled to a delicious brown crust.  Served with the griddle mashed potatoes, she really enjoyed it.  (And I enjoyed the leftovers.). . What really speaks to the level of service at this place is the experience my mother in law had.  She has celiac, and cannot eat any gluten.  She made her allergy known to our waiter, who took the time to double-check with the chef about what dishes had flour.  She settled on a scramble that had asparagus, pot roast, cheese, tomato, and obviously, egg.  She remarked that the vegetables were very fresh and everything was cooked to perfection.. . Other recommendation:  Get a S'Mores Mocha.  Wow.. . Overall - it was worth the wait.  And given that I paid with my craps winnings, it was the right price.  Stop by if you're in Vegas, San Diego, Chicago, or anywhere else they open one of these.  It's worth the time.
Went every morning in Vegas. First time was five stars. Great food, service, good use of sage. 2nd we had a horrible server that got my bloody mary order wrong twice and gave us attitude. We tried their specialty, wasn't great. That was 3 stars. TRY THE JAM!
this place is packed and i know why !!!! i was in vegas for a wedding and im go glad my friend told me about this place we went for breakfast on saturday morning well late morning , i ordered the chicken and waffles this masterpiece was amazing so there is four pieces of waffles then 2 huge ieces of chicken the leeks on top i could do without the leeks , the waffles had strips of bacon in the waffle which i would been way happier if the bacon was done a bit more but all in all this thing was pretty damn good would def come back !!!!
this place never seems to fail my craving for the best breakfast in Las Vegas! You can taste the freshness of their eggs and can't be beat..the only thing that seems very odd to me is their unwillingness to change menu items i.e extra cheese or adding something to of their scrambles.. seems odd how they never bring out the whole tables food at the same time.... no one goes out to eat and likes to have to dig in alone or wait for someone elses food to arrive . . Despite the oddities the flavors can't be beat!
All I can say is the food was awesome and the service was AMAZING!!..We ordered from the lunch menu and got the Chicken waffles and also the special Big O'crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin sandwich andOMG!!...each plate was like a planet. Admittedly I have had better chicken but that doesn't mean I don't drool at the thought of having it again.. Our waitress was Fonda and I tell you, she has definitely raise the bar on what is crazy excellent service. Even though she did have many tables to attend to, it still felt like she was your personal waitress and always had a huge smile on her face. Her service definitely made the whole experience at this place.
This is the place to go to for a brunch that will soak up all the booze you drank the night before. Portions are huge, big enough to share. I ordered to the mango coconut pancakes and the hubby had the chicken and waffles. We both got through about half of our food before having to throw in the towel.
I would give this 3 1/2 stars.  Went to Hash House A Go Go mainly to try their chicken and waffles.  While I wouldn't say it was the best thing since sliced bread, it was good, and the portion was humongous!  My friends had a taste, and I think I still took home over half of it.. . The portions of the other dishes were pretty large as well.  We also had a couple of drinks that were pretty good.. . While it wasn't earth-shattering, I would definitely return.
If you haven't been here before, you need to go. This is the kinda place where you find yourself gawking at your co-dinners' food. There was a whole lot of "Ohhhh, what is that?!" going on as we watched plate after plate of giant portions of breakfast food being served with all matter of spiky garnishes.. . I had the Hash House salad with chicken breast. Normally not something you can add excitement factor to, but they managed to do just that! Mango vinaigrette was amazing. It also had homemade cornbread croutons. . . Portions were gigantic. Atmosphere is also very very cool and hip...you'll almost forget you're in Vegas. It's like the American Southwest meets downtown Seattle. The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars and not 5 is the wait time. Please, open another location!
I now know why the locals rave about this place. I used to live in Vegas and never got out there mainly because I was always working during the week and my friend (who worked there) said that it was a VERY long wait on the weekends so don't bother. I was visiting Vegas and went to the restaurant during the week and it was perfect. We only waited 5 minutes and were seated.. . The food is GREAT. I'm not sure why, but the server would take a long time taking orders so could not check back on us.  Why does this surprise me? They don't take special orders so you have to order as it is on the menu. Anyhow, the food makes up for this. The portions are humongous. We took our leftovers back to our condo and were able to enjoy them later.. . Great theme, great staff, great vibe!
Oh my gosh, was this an experience....a great one for dinner! We had a variety...hamburgers, chicken, chops, etc.  Absolute fabulous service and  very creative,gigantic servings.....unbelievable!   After hearing all the great reviews, I was dying to try it on my Las Vegas trip. Definately, the place to go when you are famished.  We were so impressed, that we were taking pictures of the food. . . So go try it.   Open 7 days a week, breakfast thru dinner.  And I can't wait until next trip to try breakfast.  They have a Tractor Driver Combo if that tells you anything. I think it's two of everything.. . Just so you know, Hash House A Go Go, is casual, loud and super busy, but, a large restaurant.  It was no problem for us and were still seated right away.  Great bar.  I ordered a martini, which I seemed to spill immediately.  One waiter brought another right away, as the poor bus boy cleaned my mess. What a way to start the evening!. . Another kudos to the manager.  She didn't like the way my entree looked, so she sent it back to be redone, and brought me a comp salad, big enough for two to share.  They were sure on top of things and I didn't mind the wait.. . Try it, you'll be happy you did..........
My parents love eating breakfast here when we visit Vegas because it is off the strip and the food is so good!. . I ordered the marshmallow banana pancakes which were to die for! It wasn't as sweet as you would think and it was SO crazy good!. . Our table also ordered the sage chicken and waffles and they said it was delicious.. . Kind of pricey and the service wasn't great, but the food is ah-mazing!
Man vs. food location!! I tried the legendary fried chicken eggs benedict. The chicken was so delicious. It was juicy and tender, and the rest of the ingredients definitely went well together with the chicken. The only weird part was the cheese, somehow it took away a little from the rest of the meal. I ended up removing the cheese layer off the top. But this place is a must go to place. If for nothing else, come for the experience. I would recommend sharing as well because the portions are enormous. Anyway, strangely enough, the meal wasn't the best part, it was the JAM. Made every day, there are, I think, 4 types of jam that they serve on different days. I had the strawberry jam and it was perhaps the best part of my meal. It was just that good. TRY THE JAM!
It was my husband birthday weekend and we wanted to end the weekend with a great breakfast..well we decided why not try out Hash House A Go Go! We were happy we decided to Go Go!We started with Tangerine Mimosas. Can you say great start! We shared the Sage Chicken and Waffles...there was bacon inside the waffles...not just like bacon bits but a full piece(maybe two) inside the waffle..Me and my husband were in heaven..the chicken wasn't anything to write home about but the waffles made up for that! We will be going back with the family. Only thing I would say that was bad was the wait..if you have a party bigger then 4 be prepared for a wait!
Man vs Food, Rachael Ray, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives approved? Yes, Hash House, you have my attention! . . HUGE portions. Chicks can easily split an order. . . "Twisted Farm Food" is exactly what this place serves. . Biscuits and gravy: lots of sausage, gravy is smooth and thick. YAY FOR NO LUMPS! Oh yeah, that's served on mashed potatoes!. . Hash House Original Benedict: No hollandaise sauce here! Instead topped with a roasted red pepper cream sauce. Yum. . . Waffles and French Toast: about 1.5" - 2" thick. Serious carb action going on here. . . Pancakes: Good luck finishing ONE. . . Hash skillets: The guys at my table finished theirs, so yeah, they were pleased. . . All fruit is purchased through different distributors only when ripe and in season. Yes, I asked. :-). . Servers have their shit together. They close at 2:30 and re-open for dinner around 5-6pm. . . It's worth the 15 min. trip off the strip.
Portions are huge! Ordered a orange juice and was the size of a BIG GULP. The breakfast was above average. The menu had a nice variety of choices, and prices better then the buffet in the same hotel.
Portions are gi-normous so share!
Share a meal!!! The waiter told us the portions were big, so we shared. Good thing. If we hadn't, we would have over spent. I shared the chicken and waffles with one son, my husband shared a hash plate with another son, The two little ones ordered from the kids menu, and their pancakes were huge. . The food was yum, plated nicely, and good. The kids really wanted to go here after seeing it on TV. Glad we did, next time we're in town we'll drop by again. Sad it wasn't there when my mom and dad in law lived a block away!
1. Huge portions- save a couple dollars and share a dish as the portions are quite large.  No need for appetizers. . 2. Service - Our service last night was great. Compared to other places we have been of late, this was a refreshing change to have someone make sure your drinks never get empty.. 3. Price - That is the only reason I took off a star.  Their dinner entrees are in the low to mid $20's per plate.  I believe a lotof that is due to the portions though.  So if you share, the price isn't as bad.. . Overall, a good eatery with some very different menu items.  Worth going for something different.
We came to Vegas and needed a place to eat off the strip much cheaper then strip prices.. . I checked to see If Diner, Drive Ins, and Dives came here and Guy did. So I read reviews and pick Hash House A Go Go. . . It was around 11 AM Saturday we went for brunch very busy about a 20 min wait. Not bad. This place was nice casual restaurant. . . The food was Hash which are skillet fried potatoes and you pick what topping you want. I had the HH Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella not bad the meatloaf was not my favorite. The plates also came with 2 eggs, and a big biscuit. Very large portions did not eat it all. . . My partner had Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese that was very good the corned beef was great. Also very large serving. . . They are also big on waffle and chicken I saw that order being served a lot. It is a very large order so share that with 2 people.. . This place has other locations in other cities I hope the come to Dallas area one day.
Came here for a birthday breakfast after a recommendation from a friend.  I'm glad we came here.  We ordered the fried chicken eggs and the roasted chicken benedict.  The portions were huge!  We definitely could not finish in one sitting.  Our meals were delicious.  The chicken was not too dry and seasoned well (not too salty, which is a common downfall).  I really liked the fact that they had tangerine juice!  yum!  Because it was a birthday breakfast, I had to ask if they would give us a free dessert, which they didn't.  However, we were able to get a candle on the birthday girl's order.  That was nice.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was casual and perfect for families and larger parties.
Although the waitress seemed anxious to get orders (there were 11 of us), we took our time placing our orders because the choices were overwhelmingly delicious. Truly worth your while coming here but do come hungry because the portions are HUGE!
This is definitely a spot in Las Vegas to come to if you're looking for a famous restaurant that sells quality food that is presented well. I almost want to say that even if you don't have a car in Vegas, it's worth getting a taxi out here even though it might be like $30 to get here. Since I had a car on my last trip, I dropped by here. I'm pretty sure this place gets a lot more attention and fame since Man Vs. Food came here.. . I ordered the "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit" and the "Kiwi Watermelon drink." The presentation was amazing and I would recommend getting it especially if you're into Chicken & Waffles. Personally, I am not into that combination but I wanted to try it anyway because of all the recommendations. I don't think anyone puts bacon in the waffle--interesting. I sort of wish I got something else after seeing other peoples' dishes but I still enjoyed what I got.. . The service was amazing and the atmosphere was lively. I would come back for sure but maybe at a different location to see how different they all are. I think that this one is the main location. Since it's not on the strip, the street isn't that busy and parking isn't impossible.
FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!!!! . . After seeing this impressive looking dish in many of my friend's Vegas albums, I had to try it for myself. Surprisingly the star of the plate is the fluffy WAFFLES (5 of them to be exact) each of which has a few strips of bacon BAKED IN! Whoever thought of that is a culinary genius. . . The chicken itself is good but the batter could actually use more seasoning or some form of Louisiana/Crystal hot sauce to complement it. The crispy leeks are amazing though and I would definitely ask for extra because they are so flavorful. . . Portions are ridiculous, in a good way. Could easily share a plate of chicken and waffles with someone else. Though I did see a guy down the entire plate like a champ one table over. I however had extra bacon waffles for the next two days.. no complaints there :)
This location offers plenty of Parking located in a major parking lot. The servers greeted upon entering the door. After never visiting before the server seated us and took the time to advise on local favorites and specials. After the food was ordered which consists of burgers and breakfast options, the food arrived. I ordered a stack of pancakes and let me say they were huge! If your hungry and you want something under $10 that will fill you then come here! I did and left full. However, once the food arrived to the table the customer went down hill. Server did not visit table frequently and she failed to offer me more water until I asked for more. . . Rating is based on good price, large food portions. Not so much for customer service which was below average.
Huge portions at $15 a pop. You can be romantic and frugal by sharing one of these babies. Your wallet and tummy will thank you.
Came here for breakfast about two winters ago and I can still taste their humongous french toast in my mouth. I also tried the famous Hash House's version of fried chicken and waffle and enjoyed it but me being the breakfast fan, I gotta say I loved my french toast more. This place is really good for any occasion, a date, a friends night out, a sunday family brunch, you name it. The food is plated well and given in generous portions so you can always share if you're interested in your peers dishes.
everything here is fantastic! Huge portions hard for me to try much....
Yes...this place is located in the Imperial Palace, which I think we can all agree is a giant petri dish of cigarette smoke and whiskey stains.  But, you can rest assured that Hash House is worth wading through the musty, humid, depressing I-Palace.. . I have seen a few reviews that say you may wait in line before you can get a table at this place, but my husband and I did not have that issue.  We went during the late afternoon/early evening and got right in.. . The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  After placing your order you receive a complimentary order of home made biscuits....did you catch that?  Let me say that again.... . After placing your order you receive a COMPLIMENTARY ORDER of HOME MADE BISCUITS!!  I was like Whaaat?!?!  :D. . Trust me, they melt in your mouth!. . I highly recommend ordering the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  That was literally the best fried chicken, and the best waffles I have ever eaten.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The chicken is just the right texture of brown and crispy.  The waffles were cooked long enough to where you had that ever so slight "crunch" when you bit into them, but the insides were warm and soft.  . . I should also mention that the waffles had ribbons of crispy bacon baked right into them!  I am not talking about the semi-cooked soggy bacon that most places sling on your plate in a lazy stupor.  (You know what I am talking about...the kind where you KNOW it's not cooked all the way).  That bacon CRUNCHES when you bite into your waffle!. . Hands down this place is wonderful.  I literally dragged my husband through the sick, sad casino to get a load of this place.  It was well worth it.  This place is likely rocking around 2am-6am when people are just leaving the bars, so if you go late at night, be prepared to wait.  If you go during the daytime, you will likely have better luck.  Regardless of what time you decide to go, make sure you stop by this place, you will NOT regret it!. . The only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5?  You guessed it.  It's in the Imperial Palace.
What a great place eat!! Plenty to choose from and there are always leftovers. The biscuits are brought out with butter and only. Still warm and ooohhh so good. After changing my mind too many times to count I went with the meatloaf sandwich. What a great choice. Meatloaf was tasty and had sauce and mozzarella. The horseradish mashed were a great side to this dish. I had a bite of my wife's burger that had mashed potatoes between two buns and that was different for sure but still good. So much food so do not be scared by the prices.
I liked this place for the food, the ambiance, and the sassy waitress!. She was giving me guff the whole time and my family was loving it.. . I joked about speaking to her manager and she literally brought him over!. . Gave her a decent tip just for that ;). . I had the biscuit and gravy with eggs. ALso the bread pudding with ice cream. DECADENT! You were warned. This thing is loaded with sugar. I obviously shared, but still I could not finish before the trip was over :P
Love the food and love the atmosphere(M location is my fav.)  During our last visit, admittedly on a Saturday, the service was less than stellar.  Not usually an issue, but something to consider if visiting on the weekend.  Otherwise what is not to like!
So I went to the Reno Hash House for the first time on my birthday.  The food was great, as always.  However, the vibe was decidely Reno, which does not seem to go well with what every other location is like.  For this, the Reno HHAGG only gets 4 starts.
Holy Mother of God the food is huge here!. . Maybe the cook is a GIANT and serves what he or she thinks is regular size portions.... . Come hungry or don't come at all.. . I'm not sure how anyone can finish a meal here. BELIEVE YOU ME, I eat a lot of food, and after about half a plate of this rich goodness I about wanted to puke so I can eat some more.. . The chicken and waffle tower was very delicious.. . The other chicken thing I had was tasty also... . And the monster burger we shared was cooked perfectly. I loved the texture of the meat, not ground and smashed to taste like an over processed patty, it was just right.. . This is not gourmet food, this is stick to your love handles and double chin home cooking. Don't come expecting anything more than some good ole classic American lovin!. . I think this is a place to visit once in a while, or when you are feeling like becoming obese.. . With that said, I give it a 4 stars. The creator of this magic put a lot of thought and care into the good stuff and I definitely believe they deserve your business.
Came to Vegas and wanted to try something different other than buffetts. I tried this place and I have to say it was pretty good. The portions are huge, you might want to share. They have a variety of food, and also specialty drinks. Overall everything was good.
Servings are HUGE, this is the place where i go to when i am starving. The pork ribs is mouthwatering and falls off the bone. We tried almost everything in this restaurant and they're all good. On your next Vegas trip, make sure to visit. It's at M casino off the strip. U definitely won't regret it. My husband celebrated his birthday there last year and our server is amazing, he knows his stuff and extremely good in recommending dishes.
Great big breakfast/brunch/hangover/binge restaurant. First off their drink selection is pretty amazing for Mimosa type beverages and bloody Mary's and alcoholic coffee drinks.  We orderd of course the sage fried chicken Benedict..l amazing as expected.. Great chipotle cream gravy and biscuits and juicy chicken. Now I was actually not really happy with what I ordered... Wish I would have ordered something else judging from everyone else's food around me. I got a scramble with smoked salmon and cream cheese and it was just like a mushy blob and actually kinda small portion.... Tasted like something I'd whip up with leftover salmon/lox at home.  . . We sat at the "bar" on high top tables which was fine and way better than waiting.. . Can't wait to go back to try a different Benedict Nd have another great breakfast cocktail!
i go here a couple times a year for their HUGE breakfast dishes.  they have great chicken and waffles, their homemade biscuits are delicious, eggs benedict 4 different ways, all great.  Dinner  and lunch are great as well.  Once, i got the BLT and it was as big as my head.
Huge portions, way too much to eat.
I have been here several times. I would like to see some pics of regular people on the walls with their menus :) Honestly I don't care that famous people have been here. The food is amazing. Come hungry and leave with a snack for later. The food is massive. The bloody marys are awesome and so are the mimosa's. I went there on Halloween and everyone was dressed up in fairy costumes with wings and all.. I love that!  Did I say the food was amazing....?
I have been in Vegas for more than 6 years now, and I just got a chance to try this place. Was it worth the wait? Yeah--for the most part. . . If you are a big eater, this place is for you. The meals are big enough for two people to share -if you can both decide on just one dish. That is where my wife and I have trouble, since I like spicy food and she doesn't. . . I opted for the chorizo house hash with over-medium eggs. The food arrived in a large skillet filled with potatoes, chorizo, cheese, tomatoes, and onions. It also came with fruit on the side and a huge biscuit. I did my best to try and finish it, but failed. My coworker ordered the pork sandwich with fries (18 ounces of meat) - and barely put a dent in it. . . The menu has a lot of different options that sound really good. I also got a chance to see their chicken and waffles dish--that looked amazing. Next time! . Our service was good. The waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, and kept our drinks filled.. .  Inside, it kind of has a warehouse feel to it. Therefore, it was pretty loud in the restaurant during lunch time. I am a fan of this place, and look forward to trying something different next time.
Went here because I wanted to take my mom since I'd been to the one in San Diego and loved it. Got seated in about 20 minutes, which was pretty good considering how crowded they were and the fact that it was Black Friday. Our food came out pretty quickly and everything was good, though I will say that the location in San Diego was better. While the portions were really large for most places, they were much smaller than the SD location, though that's not a bad thing since there was no place to take leftovers for us and it feels a bit weird to eat a burger with a knife and fork because it's literally impossible to pick it up. Service was a bit slow, but not annoyingly so. I wouldn't be afraid to hit it up again the next time I'm in Vegas.
of course I love hash house the food is delicious and portions are huge, Im a sucker for biscuits and gravy and have yet to find anywhere to top them, bacon, sausage, and mash potatoes i could eat that any day! you must go!!
the meatloaf is unbelievable
I took my relatives to Hash House a Go Go before going to the Hoover Dam. They were wanting to go during the weekend but it was too packed. We ended up going during the week . It  was still pretty busy but we were seated right away. I think my cousin was surprised how busy it was. I wanted to say people do venture off the strip to eat ...it's not unheard of.. . I didn't want to eat anything heavy because I thought we were going to be at The Hoover Dam for a couple of hours. I ordered the Grilled Portabello sandwich $12.95. It had roasted red peppers, Basil Pesto, griddled goat cheese on a fresh baked bun. It was good but I think I haven't acquired the taste for goat cheese yet. It had an after taste to it. The sandwich was huge but what isn't over here LOL.. . My brother, aunt and cousin were really happy with their meals as well!
We showed up at 10:00am on Sunday for brunch. We had to wait 20 minutes for a table. When we sat down we received fast and efficient service. The food was very good.. I had the salmon scramble and my wife had the bacon scramble. We both received huge portions thatwe were easily able to share with our twin 2 year old twins. . . The restaurant was a little loud, but it was also completely full.  . . The only reason that I would not give it 5 stars was that it was a little pricey.  Other local breakfast spots offer a better value.
what a fun place to eat breakfast. definitely interesting combination of flavors. fried chicken was crunchy and succulent - probably the best that I ever had. corn beef hash was different but not my fav. coffee was strong and hit the spot. will be back again
Hangover cure to end all hangover cures.. . After my first night EVER in Las Vegas, I needed the creme de la creme of sustenance and this place did it for me. While my friends didn't exactly enjoy their meal, I absolutely loved mine. What's not to love about mashed potatoes, biscuits, gravy, fried chicken and cheese all rolled into one huge portion of amazingness? Nothing. That's what. And I had leftovers which is always a plus.. . The restaurant was clean, not too bright for my hungover self and the service was totally fine. My friends all had Bloody Marys and which the sight of them made me want to yack, I guess those guys enjoyed theirs. . . Let's put it this way: next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back to experience this place again.
Fried leeks are now one of my most favorite things to eat!. . The meatloaf hash was not as delicious or full of flavor as I had hoped. It grew on me over time, though.. . The chicken and waffles is very impressive. I'll probably get that next time. :)
Holy BLT . The bread was freaking monstrous. I like this place a lot a even though I thought it was a little pricey. Ultimately I enjoyed my food and would come back again.
Woman vs. Food is the best way to describe my dining experience at this restaurant.  The food portions are GINORMOUS. I ordered a cheeseburger. That thing was the size of a standard vehicle tire. HUMONGOUS. . . Despite the portion size, I set out to conquer my cheeseburger. Half way in, it was clear that the burger would win the battle, as I began gasping for air and drinking water to clear my stomach for more. All futile attempts at this point.. . Service was ok. Our waitress was awol for several minutes, it was difficult to get her attention as she appeared overwhelmed by the amount of customers in her care at that moment. . . Prices are quite reasonable for the amount of food. Definitely an experience that every man/woman should try, at least once.
Although out of the way from the strip, this place serves a whopping meal ! Great service, excellent variety and great cookin' !
Because I'm a total fatty at heart, I knew this was the perfect place to start off a weekend gluttony. =). . The four of us ordered 3 dishes, but really, we should have ordered two because the waiter tricked us when he said the chorizo hash was for one person. Really? One person who wants a heart attack! It was ginormous. I knew we had made a mistake the moment I got up to go to the restroom and started eyeballing everyone's plates. . . Sage fried chicken and waffles - They do their chicken right here! While I'm not a big fan of sage, I do appreciate a good piece of fried chicken that is moist, fried well and not oily. The chicken here was delicious. The waffles had a piece of bacon baked right into it. It tasted ok though, too soggy. I like my waffles crispy.. . Chorizo hash - This was yummy, but there was more potato (freaking huge pieces) then chorizo. I wanted to taste more meat. Had a nice spicy kick to it. Wanted to really eat the more of the biscuit on the side, but held off because it was way too much carbs. But overall, a good solid dish. . . Snickers pancakes - It was good and of course huge, but I probably wouldn't get it again. Nothing unique about have pieces of snickers embedded into pancake. I really want to try a fruity pancake next time. . . I also got to try a watermelon/apple slush drink (good...tasted like a jolly rancher) and a  bloody mary (strong!). Hash house definitely leaves your taste buds with an impression. =P. . Came right around 9am on a Sunday morning and got seated right away. When we left an hour later, the waiting area was packed. Get here early or be prepared to wait. . . I want to come back and try more!
Found this place by accident and my brother remember this place was on man vs. food.  I ordered the farm scrambled which had hash browns, eggs bacon and avocado which was good. At first you will say that is not enough food, but boy they do fill up for sure and it is big portions on sme of them. The food is affordable, but wow $6 dollars for orange juice is quite a bit, but worth it. The place was a big cold were we sat however which was not good.  I would come back again.
The chicken and waffle tower may take at least 2 people to finish, one person will not be able to finish it!
Food was outstanding!! Huge portions though. Must do again upon return to Vegas.
I'm originally from Los Angeles and since moving to Vegas 3 years ago, I have not had the chance to lay my hands on any good chicken and waffles, wishing we had Roscoes here in Vegas too.. . A friend told me about wanting to go to Hash House and only being here once which was in San Diego, I was not familiar with their menu. She told me about their Chicken and Waffles and suddenly a craving for it I just couldn't resist finally made me try out this place again.. . I was not disappointed! Chicken was tender and the flavor was slighty better than Roscoes. The only thing better at roscoes is that they drown their waffles in butter, haha but not so better health wise. Now just thinking about it, I forgot to order mash potatoes and gravy on the side.  Roscoes is cheaper too, so even if I remembered, hash house might have charged me another $10 just for those sides.  The 4 fat waffles it comes with also has bacon it.  I was only able to finish 2 which was beyond filling.. . I also tried their snickers pancake. Snickers in a pancake huh? Why didn't I think of that!? Damn that genius!  Felt so bad stacking up those calories.  . . This place is a must try, especially for breakfast.  And oh, don't come here without an appetite because they offer a fair amount of serving in their plates.
I have been here a couple of times and I finally ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I really enjoyed the meal, it was an amazing portion but I really could have done without the mashed potatoes on the bottom. The potatoes were just too heavy and drowned out the other flavors in the dish. The staff here is always very friendly and quick to serve which is really nice when you're starting out a busy day. Iwould go here again, it was a nice change of pace.
I am obsessed with the corn bread croutons and cucumber ranch! It's like crack!! The portions are way too big and the place is always packed and loud. Our rosemary chicken was dry, but the waffle with bacon chunks was great! I think I'll stick to take out. I will always love their salads. Actually, I did enjoy my fried eggs, bacon and toast. It was just too much. Great for sharing, for sure.
Service was outstanding.  My friends recommended this place and it didn't disappoint.  Atmosphere, customer service, food was awesome.  The presentation of the food was also great.  I had the Corn beef hashed plate which was good.  Wish it was a little warmer; but then again we had outside patio and it was windy and cold.  The portions they provided was definitely a plus and the waiter was right; you won't leave this place feeling hungry.  Ohh...and the bloody mary's were outstanding with Grey Goose vodka.
this is a great place for breakfast. would recommend to anyone. the eggs benny is like something you've never seen before.
$ 32.+ for 2 People -- 4.5 Stars. . Chicken and Waffles - YUMMM. Brown Sugar and Banana Flapjack. Arnold Palmers x 2. . Why -1 star? The drinks are $3.75 plus tax.. Why +0.5 Star? Because the drinks are $3.75 plus tax - compare that to the strip! . . Sharing is caring. Split it with someone.. Portions are GIGANTIC!
Very good food - actually lots of very good food at moderate prices.  Guaranteed your grandmother never thought of these combinations!  Come hungry!
Got the chicken bemedict. Delicious! Love the different flavor combos. Moist fried chicken, spinach, egg, tomato, cheese all smothered in chipotle cream. Sitting on top of a huge pile of waffles and biscuits. Didn't eat much of the mashed potatoes because I felt like that was the filler on the plate. This could definitely be shared between two people if you aren't that hungry. My dad got the fried chicken and waffles which looked delicious as well. I will be sure to come back and try the hash.
I have tried both locations in Las Vegas, and to me the Sahara takes it. The strip on seems to be always full and the wait gets to be 30min. or more. If you are on the strip side of town and you want gargantuan meal portions than HHAGG is your place. I tried a few of their meal options like, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower, which was pretty delicious but it is so huge that the same taste can get a little boring on the taste buds. I've tried the Famous Meatloaf I was not that impressed, I guess you just have to love meatloaf. Indiana Crispy Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin, this half a pig steak is a delicious, many flavors that work together defiantly a must try. I also tried a dish with duck breast I don't recall the name of it but I was disappointed the flavors did not work for me. The best and ultimate favorite of mine(and Adam Richman Man v Food) is Andy's sage fried chicken benedict. The perfect juicy crispy fried chicken and is covered by this "chipotle crack cream" that I can eat a bucket of. Also all the other food groups are present like spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella and scrambled eggs, and a biscuit, all youneed after this meal is a bed. Yes you will keep your cardiologist at his job but once in a while you have to experience a breakfast with a twist and HHAGG is the place for that.
Good food.  Portion sizes are huge!
This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas. Their choices are so fun and flavorful. I like their chicken and waffles! The waffle they have with this meal has bacon in it. Everybody knows that waffles and bacon has got to be the most amazing combination ever haha! The waffles were fluffy and moist. Their chicken was fried but not greasy. It was tender on the inside and it goes great with the whole meal. Definitely a sweet & savory meal for sure!. . They don't take reservations during the weekends so there is typically a 10-20 min wait around breakfast time which is not bad at all. It's definitely worth the short wait. The servers get pretty busy so you might not get your drink refill instantaneously. Parking is also a pain sometimes. I suggest one person to get out of the car and put your name on the list while somebody finds parking ;). . Oh their watermelon lemonade is pretty good but I don't think it's worth the $5 honestly. It's not refillable and there's more lemonade taste than watermelon so just a heads up.
This location is in the newly named Q right on the strip new Treasure Island.  The Hotel is run down, the restaurant is on par with the interior of the Hotel..... . But it's the food you're going here for, and to be completely honest it's worth the time / wait / unpleasurable interior.... . The portions are amazingly large and you need to understand that before ordering, you'll likely be advised but it's better to know before visiting.... DO NOT EXPECT SMALL DISHES.. . I had a "scramble" which is essentially 4 scrambled eggs with a mix of multiple ingredients, a side of hash, and bread. I tried the hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion and swiss mix infused into four scrambled eggs.  The mix was great, though the avocado which must be added at the end of the mix gave the eggs a little bit of a cool texture throughout the entire dish.. . My hash was not just griddle fired, but mashed too.  So essentially I had mashed potatoes where were once deep fried and then made into a mash. But they were so good I can't describe how essential they are to the full experience, it's a MUST with any breakfast. . . 4 stars!
I have a love-hate relationship with Hash House.  It's always busy and I've ordered wrong before, but overall the good far outweighs the bad.  The one on Sahara is the only one I like.  They had a pork roast scramble special once that I still fantasize about, but for me, it's mostly about the breakfast and the PANCAKES.  The blueberry pancakes are good but the banana brown sugar are AMAZING.  If you like pancakes, they are the best and worth every penny.  The vanilla waffle is pretty blah.  The mashed potatoes are crazy good.
Ok. I like this place, I really do. Taking everything into account this is a great place to grab a bite. I've gone a few times and I must say, my first impression was the best impression. The Fried Chicken Benedict and French Toast were super tasty, impressively plated, and epically portioned. There is a very vast and creative drink selection for coffees and non-alcoholic thirst quenchers. I was slightly disappointed with the Fried Chicken and Waffles. Even though 95% of society loves bacon and are under the impression it makes everything better, I thought having the bacon INSIDE the waffles was superfluous and totally took away some key factors that makes bacon so great. The waffle iron must be what made the bacon rubbery and tasteless, which in turn, kinda ruined the waffle, which was chewy and meh. Other dishes I have had were filling and hit the spot, but weren't really anything to write home about. The staff, atmosphere, random but good music, and creative options make up for any entree which may be less than "super fucking awesome".
Gluttony.  Where was it born?  If it had a birthplace one might imagine it was in some imaginary land called "Hash House A Go-Go".  Seriously, the portions here are EPIC.  You won't find bigger food serving anywhere except if you 3 time it to the buffet!  Even the plates are massive, and weigh as much as small serving platters.  The food is delicious, and not too expensive, but not "Hash House" priced either.  In fact, hash house is redolent of greasy spoons and truck stop diners, but the prices and quantity here are outside that measure..  . . If I could recommend anything, fried chicken and waffles is AWESOME and if you just pop in and get dessert, sharing the bread pudding with a friend is heaven.  Overall, its a good eatery, but too expensive for a regular family outing.  If your have a massive appetite though, this place will fit the bill.
Food is more like an art display!  You cant help but look in awe at whats infront you you!  The portion size is HUGE, to say the least... and very tastey!  I have never had anything i didnt like!  It is really worth checking out!
really good food..but be willing to step outside the box and be adventurous. Had the Snicker Pancakes which was pretty good
You have to ask yourself sometimes, how crappy do I want to feel after I eat this? If the answer is - not at all, do NOT eat here. While in Vegas I wanted to sample some non-strip fair and drunkenly asked a bouncer where he liked to go eat - he said Hash House A Go Go. Given that he was about 6'5" and weighed 250 pounds, it all makes sense now. My girlfriends and I arrived around 11:00am on Sunday morning and were told it was about to be about a 40 minute wait. That wasn't too bad - the line seemed to be moving quickly and there were some benches outside where you can sit and take a look at the menu. We were called inside to eat and the overall ambiance is pretty neat. Like a tin shed that is crossed with a barn? I decided to really go for full sickness feeling and order the fried chicken benedict (with their famous sage fried chicken). I have to say that I don't eat fried chicken often - in fact it has probably been about 10 years since I last had some, but sometimes you have to make your stomach beg for mercy. The portion that I received could have easily fed me for 2 weeks and I am not a light eater. It probably weighed 20 pounds. It has fried chicken, mashed potatoes, eggs, bacon, hollandaise and who knows what else since you could not see the bottom of the plate. Despite the gargantuan portion, the taste was excellent. Truly just tasty, greasy, cheesy diner food that does not apologize for using 3 pounds of butter in each dish. The service was fast and the coffee was great! Really, what else can you really ask for from a diner? The only reason that I am not giving 5 stars is that the portions are really (embarrassingly if not annoyingly) large. There is no reason anyone should need to eat that much food (now if you want to eat it, that's another story). But if you're looking to lay around for the remainder of the day in a food coma while wearing stretchy pants - then make sure you eat at Hash House!
If you're a first timer, I would suggest the Sage Chicken and Waffles, accompanied by a Bloody Mary. So very good. Those two items are (or should be) considered a HHGG signature dish and drink. The chicken is fried, yet moist, not too salty. The waffle it comes with has a nice crisp texture with a fluffy inside. The Bloody Mary is zesty and well garnished with the RDA of vegetables. It will get you where you want to be.. . I'm curious of those who have had less than a stellar experience at this location. I've dined here a few times and have yet to be disappointed. I would consider the wait worth it. The staff is always spot on. Come Hungry, you probably won't need to eat the rest of the day.  For the herbivore, the menu has a far share of salads as well. Two entree's, two adult beverage's and a tip is about $55. . . Be careful of the rosemary sprig art piece that garnishes most items, it could poke your eye out.  Regardless of that, a total recommend. 4 stars.
I'd seen Hash House A Go Go several years ago on TV, and always wanted to go there. This February my family was finally back in Vegas and I got the opportunity. . . The restaurant did not disappoint. The place is known for huge servings, and that's exactly what we got. My son had a gigantic flapjack. I had the Kokomo meatloaf sandwhich, while my wife had the corned beef. I was actually jealous, because while my sandwhich was good, the flapjack and corned beef were excellent. . . Afterward we could barley move. My son kept on saying that he won the battle with his food, but the look on his face, and his slow walk afterward would say otherwise. . . We would gladly go back, and I would get that corned beef next time.
Wow. Now me and my wife went to las vegas in the summer of 2012 and we made a special trip to hash house a go go becuse of the man vs food tv program. We spent 7 days in vegas and it was the only restaurant that we attended twice in a week. I must admit the portion sizes are ridiculously huge. I mean people have said to me American portions are big; but I have never been over faced too much. Hash house blew the size competition out of the water.  What about the food? I hear you ask. Well my Sarah had the blue cheese salad with extra fried chicken on top and we both agreed that it was the best salad we both had ever tasted.  Yes the best combinations ever. The salad was heavenly. 10 out of 10. Now to my dish; the famous fried sage chicken with waffles and bacon. It was good but not the best because the saltiness of the bacon just doesn't gel with the sweet pancakes. Dont get me wrong but I still highly recommend it to anyone. The fried chicken itself was very good but not the best in the world. Service was friendly but felt like it was all about the tip. Also the waiting on staff told us that food will just arrive on our table not together cause the chefs doesnt like leaving food hanging around on the hot pass. More like the chefs cant get their timing right!!!!. Conclusion: very good food. Huge portions and let your hair down and stuff your face. Will go back.
This place is great. Had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes for dinner. It was pretty good. The meatloaf was a little dried out, but not bad. The portions are huge!
I liked their food. It is different. Pretty good sized portions too but I still feel I paid too much by the time we walked out the door. Over $30 for breakfast is not pretty when there is only two of you.
Chicken and waffles.  Best hangover food you can imagine.  WIne list could use a little upgrading, but Im still a huge fan
WHOA! HOW DO I FINISH THIS FOOD???? There is absolutely no way any one human being can finish an entire plate of food from this place! I ordered the swiss and mushroom burger and it lasted me for three meals. THREE! I ate it for lunch, leftovers for dinner, and then leftovers AGAIN for lunch today! The prices are very reasonable for such mountainous portions. I am nervous to return now learning about this insanity. We came on a whim and we will be returning. Our server was absolutely sweet and very attentive to our needs. I have heard some complaints about the place from friends after telling them where we had lunch, however we didn't have any problems. My burger was juicy and well cooked. The mushrooms and swiss did not disappoint. The bun was quite soft and fluffy. I am commenting on the bun because I usually toss those to the side as I devour the real meal. A lot of place's buns can be quite dry or plain. I can't wait to return and hopefully be blown away again! I will definitely be splitting my plate with a friend next time!
Yumm. Usually a wait but good food good portions good service
love the large portions
My boyfriend and I decided we would go to Hash House A Go Go tonight for dinner because he had been there yesterday and made it sound delicious!! . . We walked in and were seated right away (we went at about 5PM so it wasn't crowded). The waitress was very nice took the order for our drinks. Mark and I have a fun thing we do..we each pick a drink for the other, not telling each other what the other will be drinking (generally an alcoholic beverage).  It just makes it fun!  Anyway, we also each had a biscuit with a honey butter glaze on it w/ sides of home made butter and strawberry jam. Very good.  . . We then ordered our dinner.  Mark ordered the Blackened Chicken and I had the Chicken Pot Pie.  When the food came...OMG!! talk about a BIG portion!! My Chicken Pot Pie...it was enough to where it could feed me for 3-4 days...lol.  Marks dinner came and it was a good portion as well.  The only thing I didn't care for was that the crust was bland, had no real taste (otherwise it was great!!).  I tasted Mark's food and it was very good.  I ended up having the waitress box my left overs up (it took 2 box's)and Marks as well. . . The check was about $63.00..(Oh and we also bought the glass's we drank out of that have the logo on them) not bad for the portions as I rather leave full and with doggy bags then still be hungry. All in all Id give it 4 stars. The service was great, the place was clean and everyone was nice and courteous which is always a plus!!. . Would I go back? yes...would I recommend it? yes.. . I enjoyed my experience there and you will to :)
Great food, good service but alllllways crowded.
Food comes in HUGE portions, but really good. Had their signature lemonade drink once and it was a bit too sweet. Their banana and blue berry pancakes are ginormous and amazing :)
Holy Shmoly! I am pretty sure you can set up an entire village underneath the Eggs Benedict. In fact, when we cant afford a hotel room during a turn around trip we order one of these and camp out under the potatoes for warmth and sustenance.. . We came here on a long road trip to Sundance/Slamdance film festival and piled into the booth with a caravan full of hungry crew members. Not a single meal was finished, and no that wasn't a lack of valiant effort. I actually shared my plate of food with 6 people and there were still left overs. The potatoes were creamy, the fried chicken was crisp, the sauce was decadent, the biscuit may have been the lightest part. . . Was it an experience everyone should have? Absolutely.  Will I order it again?? Probably not in this lifetime.. . We have been back for the incredible pancakes, specifically the brown sugar banana, which requires no accoutrements and is freaking amazing about two hours later when you're on the road in the middle of nowhere.
Large, yummy portions. I really love the biscuits. Sometimes the wait is a while and the service is slow
HUGE amounts of food.  Great for hungry guys!. . However, menu choices on the "smaller" / healthier plate size are almost nonexistent. Perhaps I should have asked for a kids' menu?. . I ordered a steel cut oats with fruit breakfast which could have been my lunch and dinner as well.  A whole banana, melon slices, apple slices, berries - and a very small amount of honey to sweeten it all.  Coffee was bitter (I drink it black), but harried and hurried waitress said she'd take it off the bill.  ($2.95)  I requested another cup (need my coffee!), but it too, was bitter.. . Tried my son's banana pancakes - excellent, albeit sweet.
Very delicious flavorful food. Love the oversized hot chocolate on a cold day in vegas. I normally get the chicken and waffles which i belive on tuesdays is 12.99. The food is a little pricy and there is way more than enough to bring home and feed 2 more people at home. You could almost split it 3 ways. The service is mediocre but its a more casual place so not expecting 5 star service. Comes out very fast and always hot. Love me some chicken and waffles. Thanks hash house.
This place is hilarious! Truck Driver breakfast= Budweiser in a can, served in a brown bag with a side of bacon. Ha! Holy snickers pancakes! This thing can feed 5 people. The food is so funny but so good. You can pretty much share everything but who would want to do that? Oh and the Bloody Marys are totally insane. Only go here if you are starving!
i freaky love the hash house.... they give you hugh portions and the chicken & waffles are a must have.
the biscuts are to die for!
IF you are starving your face off and totally off your diet that this is a great place to go! I love that there is rosemary in everything, even if just a sprig to garnish. The potpie is ridonkulous, and the burgers huge. Overall  the food is way more than the average person can eat in one sitting, so it s a great place for sharing, or to get leftovers for the next two days!
Food was good with very generous portions.  1 meal is enough to split for 2 people. The atmosphere was meh, but our waiter was outstanding.  Not only did he continuously check on us, but the others were stopping by consistently to fill out drinks and clear our tables.  Highly recommended if you are looking to get stuffed for cheap.
Being out of town, we stumbled upon this place by accident, after our restaurant (where we were going to meet) was closed for renovations.  . . We got there early and we were waiting for two of our six to show up and the girl at the front was being a little, um, "strict" that everyone had to be there before getting seated.  At the time, it was empty.  Before we knew it, it was filling up quickly.  Fortunately our party showed up and we were seated.  . . We looked around, the portions are insanely big... even where you can easily share just about anything and leave feeling stuffed.  Someone next to use has a pancake that was literally the size of a pizza and about half an inch thick.  I ordered the french toast and a Diet Coke (the theme of my recent Vegas reviews since I started the weekend on three hours of sleep).  For some reason, this weekend in Vegas, I couldn't, for the life of me, get a Diet Coke.  The waitress served me a water but kept forgetting my Diet Coke throughout the meal.  I literally had to remind her four times and on the fourth time (when I was already done) she brought it out.  Fortunately she comped it.. . Good place overall... cool, fun vibe.
Great breakfasts and good prices. The entrees are big enough to share (and my husband and I eat a lot). The presentation is like no other! :) Also their bloody mary's are the best I've had off strip!
I went when I was in Vegas and I was not disappointed
This place is awesome! Over the top portions but great quality throughout. I don't think it's possible for one to finish their plate! The various hashes are always my go-to pick, but the pancake that dwarfs the plate it sits on (no exaggeration) is delicious. The chicken and waffle plate seems to be a huge hit, but beyond the presentation, I wasn't impressed. The chicken was dry. Might have been just bad luck when I ordered it, but I haven't given it another chance since. Always a good atmosphere. Expect a wait, but treat yourself at the bar while you do
Portions, portions, portions!. . Come with a empty stomach because you're going to need it! Everything about this place is big portioned. . . Their speciality is in breakfasty type meals served in big skillets - hence the Hash House nomenclature.. . Service has always been excellent. I've tried something completely different each time I've gone, and never been disappointed. (or needing to eat again for 24 hours it seems). . A must go!
Over the top food in reference to size, selection and quality and very good service
Big food, but delicious.  The wait time was ridiculous, but once seated, the service was great and lively atmosphere.
Incredibly large plates of food. The place is in a bit of a out of the way less than comfortable area of San Diego. We probably would not go there without a larger party and even then only if there were very hungry people in the group.
In love with their seasoned fries!!.. I had their famous 1 pound stuffed burger and it was so good..the servings sizes are huge but its ok bc there's nothing wrong with take home some bomb leftovers!
First time here. We had to wait a little to get a seat on Sunday.it was pretty packed.service started off slow but then picked up until I had more iced tea than I could drink."good thing". The food tasted pretty good and I couldn't finish all of it. Prices not too bad but the menu took a little while to figure out.
Wow am I ever a fan of this place!. Went there for brunch on a Saturday morning and was overwhelmed by the delicious menu. I kept seeing these monstrous plates being brought out to the tables around us - bring your appetite when you go here. Portions are huge and you can definitely share (although I refused to share).. . I got a dish with mashed potatoes as the base, biscuit, eggs, and then covered in a red bell pepper cream sauce. Uh-May-Zing. . . I also, in my greed, ordered a biscuit on the side and savored it, after slopping butter all over it. I miss that biscuit. I want that biscuit.. . The coffee is good, and the waitress was friendly and helpful.. Will totally go back next time I'm in vegas.
People here are nice but hostess not very attentive, didn't greeted. The rest of the staff was good n polite. Lots of food, n pretty tasty. Well just depends what u order.
Food- 4 stars. Service- 4 stars. Wait time for food (once seated)- 5 stars . . After reading so many amazing reviews about this place Idecided to add it to our itinerary on our trip to Vegas. I'm glad we did. . . If you are looking for a unique/delicious/huge portions place for breakfast. YOU MUST COME HERE!!!!!. . I ordered their Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado, onion & swiss scamble. Everything about it was perfect. Probably the best tasting breakfast I've ever had. My wife ordered their snicker pancake, also amazing (and huge) . . Hash House A Go Go, has single-handily made me a better person. After eating there, I donate more time and money to charity and try and visit retirement homes on a regular basis.   If you want to become a better person and probably a little more sexy, you must try this life changing restaurant at least once... or you'll never know your true life potential. Good day
I like the food and I liked the prices, this beat EGG & I only because when I was about to eat at EGG & I a car went through the building, so I didnt get to taste the food their. I had the banana nut flapjacks and they were superb. When Im in Vegas I sure will be back.
Hash House is always a solid way to cure a hangover or get a bomb breakfast. Fried chicken with eggs and potatoes and bacon? I think yes.
I might actually rate this place 3.5 stars...but rounding up because why would I be mean about it? . . Anyway, my boyfriend and I came here on our laziest Monday morning to my recent memory, which is kind of the only mood to be in to eat stuff like this. I ordered the HH Original, and he got...some things in a skillet (meaning, usual eggs, etc.). First of all, the portions frightened me before they delighted me. The presentation of the food was  not bad per se, but made everything look sort of "hodgepodge-y," like, "Hey, let's see how we can make all these different shapes and textures lay on top of each other.". . That aside, the food was good, for me. My suddenly-a-food-critic date said his order turned out to be a pile of potatoes--of course not literally. . . I think it's definitely worth a recommendation and visit should you be nearby. . . Also had lots of leftovers...a plus or minus depending on how fussy you are.
My friend and I went on a coupon for dinner and what a meal we had. I had the special which included the duck, lamb chops and steak and they got the crab cakes. The only thing wrong with my meal was the duck was not cooked to my liking. As always the food was very good and we had to take it home of course. The bartender made drinks that were soo good that we were gulping the drinks down versus sipping. Yes, I will be back for dinner but I always go    back for breakfast as well.
if you come here,you have to try the chicken and waffles..BEST EVER.it looks like a mountain of chicken goodness.not to mention the waffles has bacon inside them!!! YUM!
Yup... Chicken and waffles is where it's at! Everyone in our group was happy with their food but the C&Ws was a hit! Definitely a place to go if you're downtown. Love that they are sprucing up Fremont... long overdue.
Yum! Sage fried chicken. Plates are humongous.  Ordered two plates for two people with plenty of left overs. Make sure u check hours to see if open. They close in middle of day for a couple hours. Only bad note is service was slow because it was busy
Breakfast is amazing, dinner not so much.
The food at this establishment was good. I have had their large pancakes and eggs Benedict. The portion sizes are huge and can be easily shared. The place is always packed especially on the weekends. If your willing to wait an hour wait... the food is worth it.
The food here is great, the portions are ridiculous.  But the prices reflect the portion size.  Definitely an occasional treat.  I don't think anyone's body or wallet could take eating here more thank once a month.  Will go again for special occasion.
I love this place. Incredible bang for your buck, and the flavors are outstanding. I even received a nod of respect from the badass bartender after eating my whole meal in one sitting. . . That nod will get me through the inevitable aneurism resulting from a blood clot, but I can tell she has seen some culinary conquistadors sit before her...so I'll take it. . . If you dont want to decide between quality and quantity, Hash House is for you.
OK, now this is Chicken and Waffles!  Sage fried chicken, on top of bacon infused waffles, covered in fried leeks.  Portion was big enough that I had it for dinner too.. . Went to this place while out in Vegas on business.  Went to the location not near the strip for a more authentic taste.  Lady I sat next to on the plane, a local, told me I had to go while in town.  Glad I did!  Staff was cool, bacon bloody mary was excellent and food came quickly.  . . If you go to Vegas and want to get away from the strip, I highly recommend this place.   Farm food with a twist is their thing and they do not disappoint.
Saw it on travel channel and liked it a lot. Service could be better though.
Hash House! I love going with a couple friends so we can all share a couple entrees! Their portions are huge and the service is pretty awesome. I've never had to wait too long to be seated, and their mixed drink specials are delicious and refreshing.
I have seen this place on The Food Network and I also checked it out on Yelp and I was not disappointed! . I ordered a buttermilk pancake(and believe me one is enough), eggs, sausages and potatoes and everything was very good.. The service was good but not great, we had to ask for several things several times- not servers fault I think they're understaffed.. I would say the only gripe I have is they give you this humongous pancake a small pat of butter and this little, tiny thimble of syrup! If I'm eating a pancake too big for my plate I want it smothered in butter and syrup pouring over the sides!. All in all everyone was happy with what they ordered and I would definitely return next time I'm in Vegas!
I would definitely recommend this place.  Great place to get your breakfast, especially if you're tired of eating on the Stripe.  When I went on Sunday for brunch (arrived around 10:30), the wait was 40 minutes. Server was nice. . . Recommendation: Chorizo Hash, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles, Tractor Driver Combo.
The name sure will grab your attention: Hash House a Go-Go. Doesn't that sound like it's a mess, a jumble, a hodgepodge, or chop-chops, or a dance of unlimited jiggering? Nevertheless, it's beckoning that my Mom and I frequented this place twice. It's got ample parking. A wait in line to be seated. Not a large restaurant but it has a small bar and dining room with silver metal decor. Relaxed atmosphere. Service is attentive. A second visit was with Mom again with friends and some other friends on an occasion during a Happy Hour for my birthday celebration followed by dinner. Plenty of hors d'ouevres passed around. Mom loved the shrimp in a stick because they were large shrimps, they were Prawns! Well of course, I couldn't be any happier but just munching on the many finger foods which to my delight had just the right amount of tastiness. Afraid to fill myself up in so much of the appetizers I had to stop from sampling any more to make room for dinner since I have heard from friends was to make room in tummy-tum-tum for the main meals. I heeded, for when our dinner was set on the table, we couldn't help but admire the presentation and the generous portions. One meal can be shared by two or three people. Not disappointing at all was the taste. Breakfast favorites are: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict with maple reduction served with 2 eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes & biscuit which the smell of sage gives it the extra invitation to deliciousness, and the Griddled French Toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup was just the right amount of moistness and sweetness. By the way, the bread is Amish bread, oh goood. Anything that's Southern cooking to me is a favorite and those two are my breakfast favorites. Wouldn't say no to Chocolate Chip Flapjack with banana and pecans which the chef specially made. He specifically made it and personally served it to us. The chef was personable. The flapjack were thick, soft and goooey with melting chocolate just like ooheey-goooey cheese in a pizza. I like their lemonade and the sweetened iced tea beverages. Dinner favorites: Andy's Stuffed Burger is roasted Mid-West beef patties topped with smoked mozzarella & charred tomato, stacked high in large buns served with criss-cross fries. The right amount of "seaside" taste in the Manila Clams drenched in white wine garlic broth mixed with caramelized onions and sprinkling of crushed red pepper. Say, yummy clams. Never to say no but say yes to Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower which was served with fried leeks drizzled with hot maple reduction. The waffles were just the right crispiness, and the chicken moist. The Black Skillet Pork Ribs served pipin' hot in a black skillet pipin' hot were in its rib-y juiciness to the bites. So they say it's "twisted farm food", twisted enough to twist my tasteful memory of it as country food super-sized! A feast to the eyes. Get on it with your big big bites!
Delicioius food, just such a shame on how much food is wasted because of their portions
This review is based on my husbands visit:. . My husband and a friend tried this place a while back and I forgot to submit the review. The portions are huge, far too much food for me to eat. My hubby loves breakfast and he got this spicy breakfast skillet thing. He showed me pictures to show off the portion size and its kind of ridiculous how large it was, he was proud that he consumed the whole thing. I heard they charge to split plates, I don't like that but my husband wasn't sharing so it didn't apply to him. He wants to take me here next time we are in town. I guess a large breakfast might help cure a hangover so I can imagine this would be a great place to try for several visitors.
Ive been to this place twice. Yes it is good! But my waistline definitely isn't going to thank me. Their prices are alright since their portions are huge. Not just huge, more like ginormous plates of breakfast food piled into pretty positions.  I had a blueberry pancake and it was larger than the plated it was served on. I wasn't the biggest fan of it. It was just a pancake wit blueberries. I also ordered a chicken and waffles, the chicken was great and the flavor everywhere else on the plate was good. . It was nearly impossible to finish a plate so the leftovers were good for another 2 meals. . The service was actually pretty decent, the staff is definitely young but I had a good breakfast experience here overall.
The chicken and waffles are to die for.  The service is great.  The seats are so uncomfortable that I rushed to leave but the food was worth suffering for.
It was worth the wait. Portions are huge & will feed two or three. I can't wait to go back.
One of my "Go"-to places.  I'm a particular fan of the meatloaf, usually sharing it with my mom (queen of meatloaf-but likes this better too.)  I cannot seem to help but run in to friends here, which gives it a familiar feel.  I do save it for special occasions as the dishes are calorie rich.
If you want to be awed by the amount of food piled artistically on your plate then, Hash House A Go Go is definitely the place to be.  Their brunch dishes are also creative and deliciously described on the menu.  You can tell that they love making plentiful, good looking, delicious tasting food.  So, pull yourself away from all those Vegas buffets and stop in here.  You won't be disappointed, and you may leave even fuller than if you had eaten at an all you can eat buffet.
i love this place, always come for the fried chicken or fried pork tenderlion.  my first time i finished thr whole andy sage chicken!! (can you say food coma?) the giant flapjack pancakes are good too.ive always ordered their drink specials and never liked it.  this time i had the southern ice tea and was not a fan. drinks not recommended.
The food is tasty and the portions are ridiculously huge.  The griddled French toast was very good, Amish style bread dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup.  The sage fried chicken was delicious, with maple reduction, eggs, bacon mashed potatoes, and a biscuit.  The sausage gravy pot pie with scrambled eggs and mashed potatoes was gigantic.  Overall, food was very good.
After a week long of raving, drinking, and straight partying in Vegas.. My friends and I were way overdue for some delicious grub. Our friend, who's a Las Vegas local was dying to bring us here before we left.. So we gave it a shot.. . Out of four people we had the corned beef hash, the basic breakfast, and two different scrambles.. I had the basic breakfast with a side of gravy and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes and biscuits and gravy were exceptional. I was loving that gravy all over my biscuit, but sadly my eggs were undercooked and not satisfying. My friends corned beef hash seemed a bit too cheesy due to the overwhelming chunks that smothered his meat. My friends said their scrambles were good, but one said they didn'tlike how they didn't allow her to customize it to her liking.. . The experience was overall decent. I think if I were to return that I would try their bacon waffle or get some pancakes. They looked soooo good. Wasn't the best place I've had for breakfast in Vegas, but not the worst either, just okay.
Gigantic portions are served here.  We have been here a few times since seeing them featured on Man vs. Food some years ago.  Each time we went it was dinner time.  We've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table.  I'm guessing that they are busiest  during breakfast time.  While waiting, there are many photos of celebrities to view on the restaurant's walls.  There were pictures of actors, actresses, sports stars, politicians, and other tv personalities.  Pretty impressive.. . As I said earlier, they serve gigantic portions here.  Almost every dish that comes to the tables is just heaping with loads of food!!  They look like a very messy, yet beautiful culinary creations!!  Messy & Beautiful.  Comfort food at it's finest.. . My favorite dish is Andy's Sage Fried chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower!  Just like about everything else on their menu, this dish is humongous!!  Each bite was simply delicious goodness.   I had leftovers that lasted me two more meals!  A nice drink to wash everything down with is their kiwi watermelon lemonade.  For dessert, I like the bread pudding.  Yeah, 99% of the time when I dine out, I save room for dessert!. . One of these days, I'll have to come here for breakfast to try their pancakes and lunch time for burgers.. . Terrific food, but not quite 5 stars worthy!  So very close though!
What can I add that hasn't already been said? Go here now!. . Clean? YES. Friendly? YES. Flavorful? +YES!. Huge portions? yes, Yes, YES!. . Each entree is easily enough for two or maybe three hungry people. The food is not only abundant but really very tasty. This is the epitome of good old American comfort food. Anything on the menu could be the Wikipedia picture for comfort food.  In fact, if you have a moment can you please update the Wiki, the pictures there are boring and this menu is truly exciting and imaginative. . . The biscuits and gravy are a must. Wow I loved these. I'd come back just for this plate alone but if I'm going why not get more than just a side.. . We had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy. This was our breakfast and lunch.. . Amazing food, great prices and a very nice restaurant. Just short of five stars but a must try. They will never get a Michelin Star and that's good. This isn't pertinacious French food, this is American!  . . I love this place. I truly hope the owners have seriously considered opening a second location in San Francisco, we really need it. There is a huge niche that needs to be filled in the foggy city. I know what your thinking, "You've already got 4,000+ restaurants and don't need another." We have nothing like this. Please come. There is a 99.9% chance I will return.
Hash House A Go Go A Yeah Yeah!  All your favorite all-american dishes with a gourmet touch, blown up to crazy all-american portions!  My faves are the eggs benedict and anything with a waffle. Words of advice: Sharing is Caring!  (for your stomach).
Really tasty and fun
A go-to for huge family-outing breakfasts (or late breakfasts on weekends when we get up late and don't feel like cooking).  . . Without fail, the wee one gets a ginormous chocolate chip pancake  (and manages to finish most of it).  The portions are huge and the food is good.  We've slowly been working our way through the menu, but anything with the sage fried chicken is really good.  The benedicts are good too, but on our last visit they were really busy and some of the food was near cold, which was a little disappointing but I'm not a huge fan of cold smashed taters.  . . The drinks are good too, bloody marys are great!. . We've been here for dinner before too and the meatloaf is pretty darn good (the hubs is not a huge meatloaf fan but enjoyed this one).  . . They're usually pretty busy around brunch time on the weekends though, so go early if you can!
I have gone to Hash House several times and have yet to be disappointed. The portions are huge! My favorite dish is the sage chicken and waffles.You will not be able to finish the food unless you starve yourself for an entire day. I highly recommend checking out Hash House and don't forget to try one of their signature drinks.
Really yummy cocktails, My fried chicken was a little on the dry side but still pretty good.
My husband and I love this place.  We often bring our out of town guest to this place.  The food is always good (although it's a ton of food and always have leftovers)  The only think keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the service is hit or miss.  Sometimes excellent and other times not so hot.  In fact, on one instance, our server was downright rude and her tip was reflective of this.  The majority of the time our overall experience is great...
Hash House A Go Go has a menu that is hit or miss.  Has a loyal fan of Hash House (I even have a shirt) this is the only problem with Hash House.  This might be my own personal opinion, but I've talk to other locals in Vegas and a lot agree with this statement.. Hash House has it's one flaw but everything else is right on.  Very HEALTHY portions, customer service is always right on.  Sometimes you gotta wait but it's never more than 5 to 10 minutes.  I always seem to pick a great time to come as I've only had to wait once and it was a 7 minute wait.. Like I said... when you order you always have a hit or miss issue.  When you get something that hits... it is amazing.  I think I'm going to go tomorrow!
Three words:  AH MAY ZING! The food is superb, and there's plenty of it. Dieters and calorie counters beware. This isn't the spot for low cal. It's go big or go home! The Waffles were something to write home about, cause they had the meat candy (bacon) right on the inside. The bloody mary with the bacon rim is on my list of items for my final meal. It's not just a restaurant... it's a destination.
Huge portions! Great service.
Just got back from Vegas and something's changed at Hash House from a couple of years ago when I visited last.. . The Bloody Mary was watered down and very drab.  It has a big hunk of brick-hard, dry toast hanging on the side.  It was nothing like I remembered.. . I then jumped into my Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it too had changed...for the worse.  It was really bland and just a pile of mashed potatoes with a dry biscuit split on top and a fried chicken breast on top of that.  Piled on top of it all was a pile of bland scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and a spicy cream sauce.  The sauce was nice and the chicken breast was flavored well but that was it.. . I wished I had gone with my tried and true favorite: the banana and brown sugar flapjack.
Their sage chicken hash with asparagus, I crave it in my sleep, lol just kidding but it's my favorite breakfast item for sure!
HUUUUUGE portions and interesting and tasty flavor combinations.  You can easily split any of their plates.  Even if you think you're a big eater or really hungry, be prepared to take food home with you.  I haven't had anything but breakfast there, but a Bloody Mary and the Chicken and Waffle stack are to die for.
enjoyed the food and nice feel in the dining room. The place is very busy which is good but the noise level was a bit too loud. I'll go back though!
This place is by far (in my opinion) the best brunch selection in Las Vegas. I would recommend trying chicken(grilled) and waffles. The service is excellent and the prices are decent. Def a must try spot if your looking to try something new.
Twisted farm food? Sure it tastes good! I stopped in for lunch and had one of their famous stuffed burgers. I had the crumbled blue cheese and it was cooked perfectly. Cheese was oozing and the blue cheese with the burger, onions, and tomato complimented each other great. For me the fries were just okay. I asked for a side of ranch to dip but by the time I got it my food was almost gone. They were wicked busy. I want to come back and try breakfast. This place has a different menu depending on the time of day. Open until 10 pm everyday.
What else can I say about this place but WOW! The portions are HUGE! The food is really good, and the service was great the one time I was here. I couldn't believe the portion size and usually when you get a portion size that big the food quality suffers but not here. The pancakes are the size of manhole covers! If you can eat any of these plates in a sitting you should be seeing a doctor about your cholesterol and heart problems :). Oh and the prices are more than fair for the food you recieve
Delicious!  Huge portions!  I highly recommend the Biscuits and Gravy!
I go here quite often and the food is delicious. Service is fast and efficient, though it is very busy on the weekends.
I've never been here before until two days ago. I went to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. As soon as we got there, we were seated. I liked not having to wait and the woman smiling at us. The menu is a little pricey but I must admit, the food portions were HUGE! The food is very fresh. While we waited for our order, they gave us a fresh biscuit to munch on. I snuck away from my boyfriend to ask someone if they could sing happy birthday to him, he said they didn't do that but he would see what he could do. My boyfriend and I both ended up unable to finish our food (which was VERY good by the way!) so we took it home. The man never came back to tell me what he could do or if there was anything he could so as far as singing happy birthday but that's okay. Very nice place with a home-y feel. I would come back, but only for special occasions :)
loved it, as always. the one inside the Quad is outrageously big, but our server was great and the food was crazy good. you must try the chicken and waffles at least once in your life. even the leeks are amazing. we'll be back for sure.
Hangover food. Yes. . . The plates here are definitely shareable or for take-home for a second meal. I had the chicken biscuit benedict with a chipotle, and it was incredible. The flavors were so good in each bite and the combination of bacon, eggs, chicken, biscuits, mashed potatoes, chipotle gravy and garnish seems crazy weird, but it is full of win.. . Would like to come back for lunch and see what the burgers are all about, too. Probably another surefire hangover cure. Mental note...check!
Good food, but way too much. Great taste, but too much reliance on bacon. Prices good. It is a good place to eat, even if what and how much isn't really good for you. I will be going back; its my compulsion.
Excellent food and service, HUGE portions, the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because they serve amazing quality food and ruin it by giving you fake chemical ridden fake syrup. They should at least offer it at an upgraded price if it is too expensive to serve to everyone.
Great food!  Lacks healthy options, as the portions could feed a small colony.  But, with that being said - the food is inventive, has great presentation, and tastes good.  I recommend the snickers pancakes (if you aren't on a diet).  ;)
The portions are huge and you definitely have to go there when you're starving.  The meatloaf sandwich is a winner.
This is one of my favorite places to take visiting family and friends. Be aware that the portions are HUGE. As in, you NEED to split something with someone else, or be prepared to take half of your entree home. Everyone raves about the chicken and waffles, and while it is an impressive spectacle, I found both the chicken and the waffles to be terribly bland. One dish I keep coming back to is the sun dried tomato , goat cheese and basil omelette with crispy potatoes. This thing is full of flavor and tastes ridiculously fresh. The biscuits here are out of this world; you have to try it with the house-made strawberry jam and honey butter! I've also had the chicken biscuit benedict, and it's definitely my second favorite meal at this place. The husband ALWAYS orders the sage fried chicken, and it is ALWAYS delicious! Flavorful, juicy, and you'll have a second portion to take home and enjoy the next day.. . Friends I have taken to this establishment always leave disappointed if they order a salad or a sandwich, so, be warned....
Had a coupon for buy one get one for the Tractor Trailer Special -- IE a GIANT flapjack, eggs and a side.  We went at night because the line was so long at night and with the coupon, this was a very reasonably priced restaurant on the LV Strip.  Not sure if I needed that big of a flapjack but it was good to take for breakfast the next day!  Great service, held up their reputation of good bloody mary's, wish I would have tried something else on the menu!
Very good breakfast!  the portions are pretty damn big!. . Go there when in downtown Las Vegas!
Trip to Hash House A-Go-Go always end up with happy tummy and smiles.  The portions are huge and very satisfying from all angles.  Presentation, taste, staff, all combined will result in happy returning customers.  Way to go!. Wish they have daily specials that are within normal lunch budget .  Maybe it's something they can add in the future.($10 range including drinks at smaller portion plate).
Really good sausage pot pie, the potatoes were so good.  It was huge - so bring your appetite or a doggie bag.
Big portion, reasonable, and a very friendly environment.  A good place after a night of drinking!
The service at Hash House A Go Go  is always personable and friendly, and the food is so delicious!  I recommend anything with their meatloaf.  I usually don't eat meatloaf at home or anywhere else, but for some reason, I really enjoy Hash House A Go Go's meatloaf.. . The place is usually always hopping, so expect large crowds and loud ambiance.  The food portions are HUGE, so bring an appetite or be prepared to bring home lots of food!  I definitely recommend Hash House A Go Go for anyone looking to eat a hearty meal with their friends and family!
came here for the first time with my friends and their food is really good.. . my friend had the pork tenderloin which was really good. i had the chicken and waffles which surprised me because the waffles had bacon inside of it. although the waffle tasted bland, the bacon made up for it. . . they have really big portions for the price they charge. lots of people but the service is still good. would definitely come back. also, i realized after i ate that this was featured on man vs food, which explains why their portions are so big.
So much food.
The portions here are huge, but the food is tasty and the plating is impressive. Who knew you could make so much food look so elegant? I tend to get the same handful of entrees when I come here. The chicken and waffles and fried chicken biscuit benedict are my favorites and my go to items if I can't decide what I want. If you're not much of an eater, you'll want to share with a friend. I've come to this location during lunch and dinner and its typicaly packed during the meal rush hours. Wait times can be around 15-20 min sometimes, but you can always opt to sit in the bar area and not have to wait at all. Service is decent here even when it's completely packed and it's better than some of their other locations
OMG, I am so FULL!  Crab Cake and the ribs are my two favorite apps there! Be sure to try them. . . ps...don't fill up on the biscuit!
they turned the imperial palace into something called the quad but this place survived the renovation. the food is good the service slow and the portions massive.
Great food always. It is a good place for having brunch with my family and friends. I love their big portioned dishes.
Portions were huge and yummy huge menu selection !! Must go
Over-sized servings makes for a great tasting way to share a breakfast with my wife.
Large portions?  Sure.  Above average flavor? Why not? Especially after a hangover, it's gonna taste that much better.  But what about the price of the food?  For what you get, I say that's pretty spot on!. . This was a while back but from what I can remember, that chicken and waffle stack was pretty epic.  Words like fun, different, and tall came to mind while eating through this meal.  One could easily share this meal with another person.  Service is very standard, nothing extraordinary but they definitely did the job.. . Would I come back here on my next Vegas trip?  If I'm in the mood for LARGE portions with a LOT of heavy food, then most definitely.
yum yum yum! In total I've been to hash house a go go 3 time in my pre-yelp days so I feel as though I should write a review. . . Good - The breakfast food is great with gigantic portions, good food, and a myriad of choices to suit your cravings. . The service every time I've been here has been excellent. They have always strived to make the dining experience shine. Their knowledge of their products and their friendly yet professional demeanor are very high pluses. Edmund, our waiter, was great at explaining everything and keeping us happy.. . Okay- the dinner menu isn't the shining star of the restaurant. I feel as they go for quantity but in doing so the quality of the food is shot, not greatly but still noticeably. . . Bad- there want anything I found bad. If I had to find something to be picky about its the prices of the drinks. A bit steep.
This place is awsome there was a wait of 20 min but it felt more like 5 min. The sage fried chicken is bomb.com it was very much comfort food. I am a big guy and can usually put down a fair amount of food but this is deff something that should be shared with a side of hashbrowns.
Amazing place to grab breakfast, but be careful not to go overboard as their portions are quite generous!
Hash House is known for their big portions and comfort food.  If you want a small plate with an egg and a piece of bread for $24...you will have a bad time here. Go find some stupid spot on the strip to rip you off to the max.  This place is great.  Always good service, and most of the time..you leave with as much food as u stuffed in your face at the table.. . This time for me...I came very hungry.  Ordered the chicken and waffles, since I had it before and loved it. The waffles have bacon in them..bacon.  The syrup is sweet enough to offset the saltiness of the chicken.  Perfect pair.  The sage they put on the chicken, gives it such a unique flavor that I just love! When your plate comes...its beautiful.  Very well put together and decorated.  All you can do is stare, take it in, then devise a plan of attack...as I did this day.  I was determined to leave with nothing in my had but my car keys.. . The steak knife holding the dish together is needed.  I cut that thing up methodically and devoured it.  Even got a compliment from one of the waitresses who was impressed with how I took down the plate.  I didn't know if I should be completely proud of myself...or run to the gym since I now feel like the fattest person in our universe. All-in all...I didn't have doggy bag.  Mission accomplished.. . All the food here is great.  Can't go wrong with anything.  If you want to be prissy and complain about portion size? Go somewhere else.. . The End . (drops keyboard like a boss...not really...cuz then I'm screwed)
Love this place.  Plate is so big you can share it with someone.  Even the kids pancakes are huge.  Order hot chocolate and they give you the works with big marshallows.  My kids love it.   Only thing I don't like is you always have to request more syrup.  I need more than one cup for this big pancake.
Huge plates.  Great service.  Fried chicken and waffles are the best. Every meal serves 2-3 so DON"T order 1 entree per person unless you eat for free at the Heart Attack Grill!
I was so amped to try this place on my mini vacay in Vegas back in August with my partner in crime. After watching Man Vs Food I placed this spot on my must eat at list.  I must say it lived up to most of the hype. We were greeted and seated immediately. We ordered the chicken and waffles, and the fried chicken eggs benedict. Both were presented well and tasted wonderful. Quality ingredients and huge portions here,we ate so much we couldn't eat for the rest of the day! Service was good, food was good, it was everything I hoped it would be.
On the last day of my las vegas trip, my family decided to go to Hash House A Go Go and we got there, we have to wait about 35 minutes before we can get our seat and we had no reservation. When we got to our seat, it took a long for the waiter to get here, but we were able to order and I decided to get the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.. . When my order was here, I took one bite and It was delicious, even though the fried chicken was a little bit dried, it still made the dish together with the waffles and the chicken.. . If you are in Las Vegas and you're looking for breakfast, this is the place to go.
I been to las Vegas 2x this year and I have had the fortune of having breakfast here both times. The ambiance is great, the food is mouth watering, and the waiters were very friendly.
I attended this spot for breakfast. I had the chicken and waffles.I enjoyed the meal and the experience very much. They had a DJ playing music , I thought that was real cool.  Can't wait to go back and try other selections on the menu.
Great food and large portions!
Stopped in for the much talked about chicken and bacon waffles. It lives up to all of the hype. Nicely seasoned crispy crust on the chicken, and they use the little seen banquet cut called an airline breast. Boneless except for the first joint bone of the wing. And the waffles have a full strip of bacon cooked into them, not just bits sprinkled around. The fried leeks didn't really add much to the dish, and just got in the way. But they, along with the rosemary sprig made for a nice presentation, something you don't usually see with this dish. It's a bit pricy at $16, but the portion is adequate for two meals. Service was pretty good too.
Huge fan of Hash House!  I love the giant biscuits and fruit preserves that come with the meals!  Chicken and waffles is delicious!  Also we love the hash mixtures.  Love that they have a location in the south!
I went to the one on West Sahara.  Service was fast and the food was delicious!!!
The portions here are HUGE! Make sure to come hungry, this place provides a great recovery meal after a night of binge drinking!
Always our favorite place for breakfast while we are in Ls Vegas. Service is great, food is great. While famous for their large portions I would ask your server which ones are really the standouts as not all of their dishes are really large. Some are rather mediocre in size and barely fill a"farmer's appetite".. I love the servers, what a great bunch of personalities! We were there on Halloween and they were all dressed up and joking with us!
it has been a while, we like to go there for special breakfast occasions.  Unique menu and classic items.
You would be hard to find a better breakfast/brunch place on the strip. The Bloody Mary's are bold, and just the right kick to recover from your hangover. The food is great and portions are huge. Odds are you will get two meals out of it. We tried a burger and the chicken and waffles, both I would recommend to anyone. I will definitely be going back for more if this place next time I'm visiting Vegas.
man oh man oh man. . sage fried chicken and waffles sooo good.  chicken breast were seasoned well - fried crispy.  waffles had crumbled bacon and were really fluffy.  friend had the "pub crawl" ... corned beef on rye, caramelized onions, spicy mustard.  delish!!  . . service was quick; very friendly staff!!. . can't wait to try this place again when I visit Vegas again.
You either "get it" or you dont...HH is a great place to come for a relaxed meal that will remind you of home cooking but with a twist...Everything is BIGGER and more savory.. . If you are looking for a wolf gang puck or emeril experience then you dont get it...this is more like your moms home cooking gone wild and much better.
This place is amazing if you don't mind waiting to eat breakfast for 35 - 40 mins. on the weekends.
serving size was huge!  wish I'd gone later in the day, because we had places to go and people to see, so we couldn't take our leftovers!. . Food was really good too!. . Go there.  Now.
Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, but way too much food - holy shit!
The food was defreakinglicious. They were insanely busy so the service was a little lacking but understandably so. My hubby said his food wasn't hot but mine was great. Overall the money is worth the food, the drinks were pretty pricey and didn't look worth it but I won't bag it til' I try it.
Worth the 15 min. Drive. Creative concept came thru on all notes , well done  generous portions  left totally satisfied   love the  Drink Menu
Huge portions, packed in the AM - good wait for a table of 6.  But food came out fast and the pancakes are GINORMOUS!!
Though extremely friendly, service was a tad slow. We arrived about an hour before closing to set up for dinner, so perhaps the staff was recovering from the lunch rush. Sage Fried chicken and waffles were AMAZING! The biscuits and house-made strawberry preserves were delicious too. My only complaint - and it's not really a compliant, so much as the ONLY issue I had with our visit - the regular Bloody Mary was a little too spicy for an early afternoon visit. Maybe my hungover taste buds hadn't woken up just yet, or were too sensitive from all the drinking the night before (what? It's Vegas!), or it was just too darn spicy, but I just couldn't finish it. And for me saying that, the girl who orders jalapenos on pizza AND adds crushed red pepper flakes, that has to say something. Other than that...this place has definitely won a place in my heart. :). . p.s. My visit was on October 8th. I can't freakin' figure out how to change the date...I thought it would use my "check-in" date, but no. Whatever. You get the idea. ;)
Be prepared for a wait unless you're here at the crack of opening. Huge portions, somewhat overpriced. Food was pretty good. Vegetarian here though, so can't say much for everything on the menu. They have some creative things on the menu, definitely a place to stop at for breakfast if you're a vegas first timer.
Holy heart attack filled breakfast batman this place is great! Perfect food to take care of that Vegas morning hangover. I got the sage fried chicken benedict and could only put down about 3/4 before I had to throw in the towel. Delicious the entire time. My buddy tried the sage fried chicken and waffles and that was even bigger! Definitely get the bang for your buck here. I shall return..
Prepare to unzip your pants and possibly vomit (in a good way)!. . Thank you Vegas foodies for rating this spot so high and posting so many foodgasm shots of their popular Fried Chicken & Waffles plate. You guys led us here. And surprisingly, this place was packed on a random weekday during the daytime. We sat at the bar since there was no wait for the seating there. . . I ordered myself a monstrous hot chocolate to start. I seriously probably took about 3 sips of that thing. I felt so bad wasting all that warm, chocolatey goodness in that huge mug.. . For grub I ordered one of their farm benedicts, hoping it wouldn't come out as huge as the the fried chicken and waffles plate. Boy was I wrong! My benedict came with smoked bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, this roasted red pepper cream and topped w/ two basted eggs. What makes these benedicts so special is that they serve it on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. Talk about CARB overload! Since I don't have a binge-eating disorder anymore, I barely made a dent even into this plate. Boo!. . The bf ordered an actual plate that didn't come out monstrous. I believe it was just a simple breakfast plate with eggs, meat and some potatoes. If he ordered a flapjack (which are the size of a Thanksgiving turkey serving tray) he would have been screwed for sure.. . Even if you plan to swing into this restaurant hungover, I suggest sharing a plate with 1 or even 2 other people! Portions are more than plentiful.
We couldn't leave Vegas without another trip to Hash House A Go Go, but we wanted to avoid The Strip location because I was afraid we'd miss our flight. We ate here right before dropping off our rental car and our friendly server was really good about making sure we were out of there in good time.. . Since it was Tuesday afternoon, there was no wait (and plenty of parking right out front), but we already knew we wanted to have Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The portion was enormous, bigger than your head (at least my head...). We shared an order with extra chipotle cream on the side. When our mountain of food arrived, we happily dug into a delicious combination of fried chicken, fresh spinach, bacon, tomato, mozzarella, spicy chipotle cream, scrambled eggs, mashed potatoes and a yummy fluffy biscuit until we could not eat another bite. I was stuffed for days!. . While we were waiting for our food, we watched other people tackle towering plates of pancakes, waffles, fried chicken, Benedicts... Incredible if anyone could actually finish! . . Great location and the prices are about a buck less than the location on The Strip.. . Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Farm Benedict. Get it! It's good! Man v. Food. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict likely will win 99% of the time. It beat us, and we shared! Are you up to the challenge???!?!
Pros:. IF you love bold, strong coffee, the coffee ROCKS! (My dad loved it). This location is not on the strip, so it's nice to get away from all the hustle and bustle.. They have the very best biscuits and sausage gravy!. You must try their homemade jam! . Their vanilla waffles are outstanding and they serve them with warmed syrup, which is really nice.. Excellent service!!!!. . Cons:. IF you prefer mild, medium coffee, the coffee SUCKS!!! (My take on it). Thought that the bacon and eggs breakfast should come with more than two wimpy pieces of bacon.. Thought it was outrageous that our breakfast came with a biscuit but to add a side of gravy was almost 3 dollars! I mean it's good gravy but is it made of gold?. The woman's bathroom was not nicely maintained and the handicapped stall would not lock.. . Bottom line: The food IS very good and we will definitely come back.
The food here is delicious. The portions are unreal too. I will definitely be a return guest. The customer service was terrific as well. The only downside is the wait time for a table. I am willing to wait for the experience though. Top Notch!!!!!!!
I always pay a visit here on my trips to Vegas. Who ever knew Imperial Palace would have a gem like this. The portions are crazyyy here, and it's what they're known for. You really should share an entree because you would either be gaining 5 pounds or wasting a lot of food if you don't.. . Anyhow, the food itself is pretty good for Southern country style food. Nothing spectacular, and after the 20th bite of the same thing (like mashed potatoes), it does start getting a little old. However, the presentation is spectacular when it comes out because it comes out on a griddle and they stick a knife into the mass of food.
The hash house is delicious. Its a fun atmosphere, and very creative dishes.
Hash house is great. I got the Giant meatloaf dinner, which was enough for like 4 people. I had a friend that was ethnic, so he had the chicken and waffles. I think I will get that next time. Food comes in huge portions!!!
Another great visit here. Had the sage chicken and waffles. They were amazing would definitely get them again. Also had the special Andy's grill which had boneless steak, venison sausage, and duck breast. All were incredible.
Stopping for eats at hash house is a MUST on every Vegas trip. Recently had the salmon scramble, was delicious. Had a grapefruit juice mimosa loved it! Haven't tried the other locations is Vegas but the one on Sahara is awesome!
I had the #3burger and it was delicious. It contained a double patty, pickles, bacon, mashed potatoes and lettuce.  The portion size was large for an affordable price. Customer service was as great as the food.
