Totally lucked out.... . After a horrible dinner experience, I needed something to cheer me up. Off we went to S3. . . When we arrived around 8p, we were disappointed that there was a wait-time of 45-hour wait. We asked about to-go, and the hostess suggested the bar and that they would take our order. . . We waited in line for several mins and a couple seats opened up at the bar. SCORE!!! We ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate for 2 ($14) and were served within 5 mins!!! It would have taken 3 times the wait time had we waited in the bar line.. . The FHC reminded me of a Starbux frap with the texture and taste. I could have done without all the whip, but apparently that is part of the whole experience. . . We were in and out within 20 mins, thanks to the bar area!!!
Sitting outside here on a breezy/sunny day in November, eating my delicious crab cake salad, I realized that I truly was enjoying my first trip to Vegas (I was having some doubts after buying my plane tickets).  I'm not sure if this restaurant in particular is responsible for that, but what I am sure of is that I had a good lunch in a great location at a reasonable price.
My co-worker has been talking about how good Serendipity's " Frozen Hot Chocolate" it was from her last visit. So, on Saturday night after the CES show we decided to go to Serendipity for dinner and frozen hot chocolate. . I have to agree with with my co-worker, the foods at Serendipity were delicious specially the Mocha frozen hot chocolate. I had the crab cake salad and my co-worker had the Thai beef salad. Both salads were good and right portion size that save us enough stomach space to enjoy our frozen hot chocolate. . However, the service was sorta slow, it took then 30 min to serve us the salad that's why I took off one star from the rating. Otherwise, this a good place to eat at Vegas where they serve" normal" food beside steaks and expensive food I believe. I will definitely go back again to try the frozen hot chocolate =)
Tip: No need to wait if you're dining alone. That is, if it's not too busy. Just get yourself a seat at the counter and you can put your order in right away. Got their kobe beef sliders and a frozen hot chocolate. The two complimented each other extremely well. *pats self on back* Juan was very nice and respected my request to make the hot chocolate as soon as I got my burgers. The lady next to me was curious about my drink and asked if it was good. A simple nod and a smile (couldn't talk with my mouth full) was enough to have her convinced. Another positive about being at the counter? Should someone happen to order the hot chocolate (me in this case), there's often some leftover in the blender. Juan poured it into small cups and served it to the rest of the customers around me. How nice! After one sip, the same lady agreedthat it was good stuff. Couldn't finish the rest of mine, but Juan offered to place it in a cup to go. Sah-weet! Glad to know my $10 was made worthwhile. Don't know if I would throw down on the hot chocolate every time I was in town, but at least I can say that I've tried it.
Fun Place!  . . It has a great location right on the Las Vegas Strip outside of Caesars Palace.  The decor is whimsical and inviting.  I did have the famous "frozen hot chocolate" and it was delicious!  The portions are huge and the prices are high so if you're on a diet or a budget I recommend sharing!  It was $50 for lunch.  We ordered 2 meals and hot chocolate for 2.  Yep, kinda of expensive but it is Vegas so I say... Go for it!  You're on Vacation!
Mmm This is my second time coming here and I still love the place and the food! I was excited to come here and finally get my big giant donut and my frozen hot chocolate... Unfortunately, they didn't have the donut that day I came and ate. SAD FACE x 10!!!! No worries, I made due with what was on the menu and got the donut later on in the week.. . Okay, moving on from my story to the review of this restaurant. We came in around 11ish on a Tuesday morning to grab some lunch. We were greeted and seated and looking through the menu. I already knew I was going to get a frozen hot chocolate and I decided to try their ABC burger. This was the avocado, brie and caramelized onion burger...(Can you say YUMMMM!!!). I was a huge burger and I had to break the burger up because it was so huge! I was in love with the bun! It was a one of a kind bun with a very soft texture and sweet taste. I never really thought of ever putting brie on my burger but I guess I will now!!! . . The serve was a hit. Our waitress made sure we were taking care of, was uberly nice and made recommendation. I enjoyed having her as my waitress. . . You would think that from the sound of my review they should be receiving 5 stars but what knocked it down was my donut! So I was happy on tuesday but when I came back friday to get a donut (I am not asking for much....just a big giant donut!) I was welcome by an unfriendlier staff members that didn't really seem to want to help me until I was finally helped by the bartender. Everyone kept telling me to go outside the to go bar to get it but...it was 11:10 and they were still not opened....not cool! Luckily the bartender grab me the donut form the back.  . . Overall, depending on the day, the service can be either a hit or a miss. The food was pretty good for me to return. If you're a chocolate lover...go try the frozen hot chocolate!
Note: I'm biased because I love the movie Serendipity and this restaurant would really have to mess up in order for me to give them anything under 3 stars.. . Service:. Our server was really cool and really took care of us.  She put up with annoying jokes and was all smiles.  She brought out our food quickly and checked back on us frequently.. . Food:. A friend got the hang-over omelet and it was huge.  It was probably enough food to feed a starving family.. . The crab and artichoke dip was done quite well with large pieces of crab meat.  The dish was well-plated and came looking like a million bucks.. . Infamous frrrozen hot chocolate -- delicious and just as good as I remembered from vising the NY store a few years back.. . Pizza - served on a wooden paddle, it looked ginormous when it arrived.  They did a poor job slicing the pizza into manageable pieces.  . . Price:. Things seem a bit overprice when you view them on the menu.  $15 for an omelet? However, when you see the portions arrive you soon realize you are actually getting your money's worth.. . Overall:. I really enjoyed my time here.  Not sure if it was the good company, the good service, the good food, or all of the above.  I probably won't eat a full meal here next time im in town, but will return for their desserts.
FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE.. . I would give it 5 stars but the price for food here is RIDIC!. Love the ambience, we sat outside but it was quite cold. A table inside can be a long wait 45min-1hr on a good day. And it does get freeezing in vegas. Our seats we're right next to the Caesars fountain [aka splash zone] so I was freezing. Plus the heater wasn't working :[. . We ordered the ABC burger [$16.50] with Sweet Potato Fries and frozen hot chocolate and split the meal which was perfect! Cause the burger was huge! I wouldn't have been able to finish it. We also had a coupon for buy one entree and receive a free frozen hot chocolate. Score! So we were forced to order food.. . ABC Burger was really good actually, but NOT $16.50 good. The avocado really made the burger plus it was really juicy and cooked just right. Sweet potato fries were pretty delish too, they don't give you any special sauce except for ketchup which was lame. But stick to the dessert, you wont regret it! We came back here the next day and ordered the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate which was good too but we like the original hot chocolate better.. . Stick to the hype. LOL!
Although this place lacks the ambiance andvibe of its NY location, they still get the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE right. (IMO, that's really all that matters) Don't get me wrong, the decor is still wacky, but for some reason it doesn't feel as special as the one in NY. On a brighter note, this location is well-lit and spacious. I didn't feel as claustrophobic as I did in NY.  . . Food here is just meh. I'd rather come here for the sweets. Granted that their portions are HUGE, I don't think S3 disappoints in getting you full.  My recommendation is to come here to have a frozen hot chocolate or half a sundae, AFTER your meal from somewhere else.. . Bonus points from me for having an ordering station outside.  This way I don't feel like such a jerk for only wanting to order a drink.. . 4-stars for the love of frozzzzzen hot chocolate. 3-stars for the rest.
Fun spot! Frozen hot chocolate and sweet potato fries were boommbb!!
MUST TRY if you have a major sweet tooth!. . The Frozen Hot Chocolate is definitely something you must try.  That in itself earns this restaurant 4-stars.  . . The ambiance of the restaurant is very playful yet chic.  Imagine big swirly lollipops; humongous gum ball machines; black, pink, and white accents everywhere.. frills and just all things girly!!  . . I also really like their outdoor patio seating.  It's right on the Strip, so you can still see the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  . . We mostly go there for the desserts, but I've tried their burgers a few times.  I must admit, the food is a bit overpriced.  You're essentially paying for the atmosphere and presentation of the food.  However, portions are fairly large too!
I went here because of John Cusack!. . No idea there was a Serendipty in Vegas, but I'm super glad there is. . . And even though tall, dark, and handsome wasn't there, the famous frozen hot chocolate was. I'm so happy it wasn't over-hyped. Tasted like ... creamy, slushy Ovaltine. With real whip cream. If I had enough room, I would've wanted another one. . . It's way expensive ($16.50 for a burger!), but it's Vegas. At least the portions are HUGE. The boy ordered the steak sandwich and it was as long as his arm (it was really good, too). I had the uber juicy burger with avocado, brie (my favorite cheese on a burger - you don't see it often as an option), and caramelized onions. The onion rings were crispy and the batter was tasty, but I didn't think it went with the parmesan that was dusted on top. Big con was that the french fries were OVERLY salted. AND because it was sea salt there were huge chunks of salt everywhere. . . The outdoor area is nice,the indoors is fun and flirty, and the fried oreos are ... sin. Try one. And one is pretty much enough.
I guess the allure of the original New York has to be experienced in the Upper East Side... I felt like it was made for a Vegas area ice cream shop. First off, it's impossible to access from the strip via car, despite the fact it's seen as right on the streetside. However, once inside and wait for your table, you can get some of the best and original sundaes ever. I went just for dessert with the family and we split a frozen hot chocolate and a fried Oreo sundae. Both were amazing, however I feel like the frozen hot chocolate was supposed to be thicker than it was. Oh well... It was still delicious and I am still intrigued to discover the atmosphere of the original NY shoppe!
Well,  didn't get the traditional frozen hot chocolate which in case you were wondering is on the list of 2001 things to do before you die, but I did get an amazing hot fudge Sunday!  I love Serendipity's and have been to this one and the one in New York -- of course it all stemmed from my love of the romantic movie Serendipity. And it would be especially wonderful to share it with that special someone, but I did enjoy my delicious dessert outside in the beautifully lit garden overlooking Cesars Palace which isn't too shabby.
Very fun experience and we loved trying the frozen hot chocolate!
Probably the cutest restaurant ive been to. This place is decked out with pink & with an afternoon. tea spot feel with a hint of alice in wonderland. I know this isn't the original like the one in new. York, but hey! Vegas sure did it up really nicely. The decor is every girls fantasy. Ive only been. here for lunch but I ordered the omlette breakfast, which is just your everyday omelette, nothing. special but the portion is huge ! the main attraction is the "frozen" hot chocolate, which is delicious. especially on a hot sunny day; made big enough for you to share with that special someone or a. few of your girlfriends.
Great service. Fun atmosphere. Amazing food for when you just want to pig out. The only problem is there's always a 45 minute wait no matter what day or time you go, so if you don't mind waiting it's a Vegas must see :)
I seriously NEVER get tired of the frozen hot chocolate here! It is NOT overrated and I love it!! Especially the peanut butter flavor....with the bits of reeses peanut butter cups at the bottom....omgggg soooooo delicious! It IS over-priced but I would still get it cuz I love it that much =P. . This time I came here, there was a huge wait. But we actually ended up getting a table within 15min since I think a lot of people leave cuz they didn't want to wait too long. My two girl friends and I shared their famous hot dog that the waitress kept raving about being the best hot dog ever, but honestly...it's not very special at all. It tasted like any normal hot dog, just a lot....longer. Nothing special, just something you have to try once but I probably wouldn't order it again. We also got the crab cake salad which was pretty yummy. The salad portion is actually not too big, but their sandwiches and hot dogs are humongous. Definitely good for sharing. . . Next time I think I'd still stick with the sandwiches... and of course the frozen hot chocolate =P the usual.
$1000 Opulence Sundae Anyone?. .  I don't think I would personally pay $1000.00 bucks for a sundae even if I had the money. I've seen this featured on Tv many many times thats why I decided to try out Serendipity 3 and I loved the movie as well. . .  Although, I didn't order the opulence I tried their ABC Burger Avocado, Brie and Caramelized Onions. The patty itself was very flavorful so add the freshness from the avocado, the creaminess from the brie and the sweetness from the onions.... Simple but explosion of good flavors. I absolutely loved that burger. I also just had my wisdom teeth pulled so technically I shouldn't be eating a burger yet but I couldn't resist. I also ordered sweet potato fries with my burger and it was DIVINE! I'm not a burger person but I do have cravings once in awhile and this definitely did it for me. We also tried the Chilli Cheese Dog, for $15 it's nothing special just the dog being 3 times thicker than a usual dog, probably should have tried something else.. . Love the decor! It's almost like a tea party feel to it. Fun place check it out.
Absolutely-Fantastic. Serendipity3 is a HOT spot in Las Vegas. Located on the street in front of Caesars Palace.
I didn't know there was a 3 after the restaurant name.. . Anyways, we went here to try out the desert. We didn't try the frozen hot chocolate, just because. We shared the apple cobbler. It was pretty good. Although I was there was more crust. . . Location is excellent because it's right on the strip. It's part of Caeser's Palace property, but right by the street, so you don't even have to walk deep inside the hotel. . . The seating outside was nice since you can people/car-watch.. . They not only serve deserts, but normal food too, American I think
More of a 4.5 star rating.  I'm torn because the wait to be seated is always at least 45 minutes but at the same time it's always worth the wait.  Went here recently back to back days on my last trip to Vegas.  What can I say other than it was sooo good.  Everything we ordered was good but the shining stars were definitely the frrrozen hot chocolate and the french toast sticks.  I would highly recommend just being patient and waiting out the 45-60 minute wait.  Use that time wisely to do some jumping jacks and push-ups to burn a few calories you'll definitely pack on while enjoying what they have to offer.
Went on a holiday afternoon. Was packed, the wait time was 45-1hr. The hostess suggested we sit at the bar, so we did. We were sipping on our delicious drink in less than 5 mins. The bartender was very friendly & quick.. Frozen Hot Chocolate was SO good. I didn't mind spending the $10. . This place is turning into a must for the bf & I every time we come to Vegas.
Ahh yummm!!! The wait to be seated took about 30 minutes but it went by fast when your with good company. The place was pretty cozy and you couldn't help but look at everyones tables at what kind of dessert they chose. OMG everything looked amazing and the smiles on peoples faces when the waiter would come with their goodies. We wanted that smile haha.  Probably the only downfall of the place was it took forever forever and ever to get our food. We ordered the nachos, fettuccine, asian salad and mac n cheese with bacon bits and jalapenos. The portions were huge my goodness. When we were done eating we were soo full that we thought couldn't fit dessert in sooo we just ordered a frozen hot chocolate to go. So glad we did because it was amazing. People always ask what does a frozen hot chocolate taste like? I always say it taste likes deliciousness go try it.  I really want to try the white chocolate next time.
yums! the food was delish. well..depending on what you get. i really enjoyed the french toast log (half savory, half sweet) and one of my friends got the the chicken and waffles we were divine. everything else was just...so-so. same goes for the frozen hot chocolate..definitely coming back though!
Oh Serendipity - Where do I even start... I remember my friends got me into the movie Serendipity (Which i end up loving) and told me how the craziness of Serendipity restaurant is in New York, so when we found out about Serendipity in Vegas, we had to go and try it.. . First experience, the wait was too long, so we ordered outside to go.  We didn't feel like we felt the real experience, so we went the very next time we were in Vegas.. . FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, YUM!! It's what they're known for so we tried it, and ever since then - i get it almost every time.. . Their food are pretty good, the servings are plenty, prices are pretty average.. . I go here pretty much every time I go to Vegas, which is at LEAST twice a year.
Looong lines, and rediculously overpriced, but I'm a sucker for trendy dessert crazes and the frozen hot chocolate IS pretty darn good!  A regular is $10, and it's $14 for a large serving for two.  Unless you have Benjamins to burn, I recommend getting the bigger one and sharing with someone cuz that's the most expensive non-alcoholic drink I've ever had.  I also had sweet potato fries, which were good.  Side of ranch cost me $1.00 though!  My poor wallet.. . This place is worth checking out though, at least for the frozen hot chocolate...and I'll be back for another one next time I'm in Vegas!
I came here with a friend on a Sunday afternoon and the wait was 40mins! 40 friggin' minutes! We were hungry and figured the wait would probably be about the same everywhere we go. . . We put our names down and waited about 10mins or so and saw that a group that had came after us taken to sit at the bar! My friend asked how come they got seated before us. The hostess informed us we could jump right in there if we see any avail seats! Well, that would have been nice to know!!! Lucky for us not long after, a couple were leaving so my friend and i hopped on it like flies to poop!. . I ordered the Frrrrozen hot chocolate ($10) while my friend ordered the Frrrozen oreo hot chocolate ($14). We planned on eating at a different place after so we decided to share a BLT sandwich w.fries ($16). . . It was nice to sit at the bar as our frozen hot chocolate was made right in front of us. It consisted of cocoa, milk, ice, and i believe sugar was mixed in there also. It gets nicely blended and topped with a ginormous amount of whipped cream and chocolate shavings. My friend's frozen oreo hot chocolate was topped with pieces of oreos and a piece of chocolate egg roll on each side. I guess that's what an extra $4 gets you. . . As soon as i took a sip, I literally jizzed in my pants. Ok, not really. But it was damn good! It was not too sweet - just the perfect amount of sweetness, just perfect. I took a sip of the frozen oreo hot chocolate and it was just as good maybe even a tad bit better! It was a little more on the sweeter side though...so I prefer the original over the oreo.. . Moments later, our sandwich comes out and my goodness i was not expecting the BLT to be so huge! - probably a 6 x 6 cut in half...or even bigger! There were thinnly slices of turkey which was stacked to about 3 inches thick (I'm not even kidding), topped with crispy, smoked bacon (sooo good), lettuce, tomatos, the usual...everything tasted so fresh and just soooo good! . . I'm so glad we stayed and waited. Now we must try Serendipity in NYC! . . P.s. We got $5 off of $25 purchase from signing up for a Players Card at Imperial Palace right before heading here! SCORE!!
I came here with the Miss Universe Organization for a survey and was lucky enough to meet the talented young chef, Michael Wolf, who treated us to a plethora of delicious samples of the menu. . . My suggestions:. - off the back order a Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate.... first (Liezl E. Put it best). - The Crab Cake Salad with the Vinaigrette is fantastic. - The chicken strips are the best I have ever had (not dry or over fried). - The Pizza's are flavorful, try the pesto!. - The Chicken Pot pie is also as good as it sounded, with a flakey crust and tender meat and fresh veggies.. - Cheeeeeese cake..... get it, you'll love it, then want to take it to the little white chapel in Vegas to marry it.. . I will say this that the decor looks to cater to the Tweens and the like, but man up and head over to Serendipity 3 for a tasty, and affordable, meal!. . Enjoy!
The meat ball pasta is gigantic! The hot Chili is amazing for drunken people like me! The location is perfect and the service is ok. The chocolate chip sundae, it was like heaven in my mouth.. I would say this place is perfect for anyone who goes to Vegas and doesn't know where to eat. The place is so pop out of the Strip, definitely won't have problem founding it.
This place is a disneyland to my tastebud. . . I was screaming like a little 5 year old for each of the orders that came out--Frozen Hot Chocolate, Foot long Chilli Cheese Hot Dog, followed by a Audrey Sundae. I was a bit disappointed that the Frozen Hot Chocolate didn't really seem to be anything more than a sloppy milkshake made from Nesquick, but the foot long hot dog...oh the foot long hot dog...I was so fricking thrilled by the sight and taste of it. IT'S SOOO DAMMNN GOOODD!! The Audrey sundae could've used a lot more coffee ice cream but it's also yummy as it's served.. . I'd definitely give it a 5 stars if they would lower the price down for each dish. Don't get me wrong, I'd go there again in a heartbeat but the willingness to do so might be affected by the amount of money in my account.
I'm surprised that there are so many complaints about this place because I had a very positive experience.  We came hereafter dinner for some frozen hot chocolate, and waited about 10-15 minutes for a table on a Friday night, a little before 9 PM.  The music was pretty loud and not was I was expecting, but I got used to it.  I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but the frozen hot chocolate was as good as people say it is, and my only regret is not getting a larger glass since I was sharing it and wasn't sure if I would have room for it.  The glasses look big, big trust me, you will finish it!
Some people enjoy wine and cheese. Some people like chips and salsa. Some people favor chocolate and strawberries. But give me some sweets, ice cream and coffee and I'll jump in joy and throw a party! Well that's how if felt when I dined at Serendipity3- I wanted to order all the dessert options on the menu. . . The Mochaccino is fabulous. Rich hot chocolate with espresso- genius! I wouldn't had wanted to start my sleepless morning any other way. . . The Frozen Hot Chocolate is scrumptious. I had to control myself in preventing a brain freeze but I couldn't help it. It was oozing and spilling. Haah. . . The Audrey Sundae- MmmmMmmm. Humble Pie, Vanilla Ice Cream, Coffee Ice Cream, Bananas, Hot Fudge and topped with Whipped Cream, Peanuts and a cherry. If you like coffee ice cream ask for it to be scooped and layered on top of the vanilla or else you're going to have to dig to the bottom of the cup for it. If your giving, definitely share this sundae. But I wouldn't blame you if you rather have it all to yourself ;). . The ABC Burger is hefty. The meat patty is cooked to your liking- ours was nice and juicy. With avocados, grilled onions and tomatoes with a slice of pickle on the side. Topping it off with sweet potatoes fries just screams perfect match. . . The foot long hot dog absolutely calls out food coma. But who can resist a FOOT long hot dog topped with chili, onions, cheddar cheese and a side of steak fries. . . The breakfast options is also a great start to one's day: x-large sausages, fluffy pancakes and eggs scrambled nicely. . . Service is alright. The place is so busy, not much attention is given. There are several seating options- inside, outside patio by the entrance for Caesars Palace or outside next to The Strip. Oh, this place is decorated with lots of pink. But your surrounds will be the last of your worries because you will be so concentrated on your food! . . The stretch to my pants is all well worth it! Serendipity 3, I'll be back =)
So I know Vegas isn't somewhere youusually go with children, but when my whole family decided to take a trip there, I had to think of a spot where I could go with my little brother. Everyone loves ice cream and chocolate and whipped cream! Especially the little ones. So Serendipity was our spot! When we got there it was about 1:00, and pretty crowded. We waited for about fifteen minutes to be seated. We immediately ordered the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE! Can't get any better than that! It was delicious. My little bro of course was more fascinated with the giant bubble gum machine outside. Lol, but he had fun here. Besides not understanding why we had to wait like twenty minutes for ice cream. Which I had to explain this wasn't like a Baskin Robbins. :p Thumbs up. Gotta try at least once in your life.
I love Serendipity! I have been to both the NYC and LV locations and i just wish they had one here in LA. It's so cute inside and the deserts are AMAZING! The chocolate sundae was to die for! Another fav of mine is the chicken soup. It was really cold in Vegas and I was craving a hot soup; needless to say I was very happy with the chicken soup at Serendipity. It was so fresh that it tasted like a real soup, not canned soup. The chicken and veggies were so fresh. I've never been anywhere else where the soup was that fresh. I can't wait to go back to Vegas!
Good food, great deserts.... Fun to people watch if you get a table outside as people walk The Strip.
Where do I begin? With the urging of my fellow yelper & friend Linda, serendipity 3 was a must-go for frozen hot chocolate.  The place in NYC was made famous in the movie serendipity but from what I read on yelp, the place gets so busy crowded where an hour wait is the norm.  Well I never did head out to NYC to try it but since I was in Vegas early feb, I made it a point to go.. . First off, the decor of the place was so sugary sweet w/ vintage chandeliers against pink walls.  We didn't even have to wait long & was seated right away. You can order the frozen hot chocolate in two sizes & oh my goodness, so delish.  We ordered the big size to share btw three.  If I wasn't being polite at the time, u best believe I would've taken the whole bowl & ate it all up - Yumm!. . I may just need hit up NYC one day just to say I've gone & been there and  I wouldn't mind having the frozen hot chocolate while I'm at it, of course. :P
Serendipity 100% lived up to the expectations given all of the hype.  We spotted the restaurant around 3pm on a Saturday (prime munchies time) while wandering the strip.  Although I've been to Vegas a couple times before, I hadn't had the opportunity to try Serendipity, but this time we made it a point to go.  It was an unusually cold and rainy afternoon (somewhere in the low 50s) and after the hostess told us that the wait would be upwards of an hour, we almost turned our heads down in defeat.  Then, in the corner of my eye, I saw the Serendipity-to-go! Suddenly, I had images of sitting in our hotel room overlooking the bellagio fountain with dark clouds and rainfall, snuggled up while sipping their famous frozen hot chocolate.  It sounded like a dream! We ordered the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate for Two.  It was made quickly and topped with a generous dollop of whipped cream with 2 long straws.  The size of the frozen treat was likened to that of a Big Gulp than that of a milkshake.  But with the expensive price tag, we were satisfied with the gargantuan portion.  The first sip was light, frothy, creamy, with just the right amount of oreo embedded into each slurp.  We enjoyed the drink all the way back to our hotel room and did not get sick of it even as we reached the bottom of the cup.  I would definitely go back to Serendipity's next time around!
YAY SERENDIPITY ! I've probably been here 5 or 6 times and each time the experience was a little different.  It's a bit more touristy than some other locales since it is one of the family/kid friendly spots. Avoid prime eating times to get the shortest wait. It's a bit unavoidable during the summer but you can call ahead for a reservation or just pick up something to go and enjoy the AC inside. Their to-go menu offers most of the items on the regular menu! and for those complaining..you're in Vegas, you should be prepared to spend anyhow.. . The decor of this place is a bit vintage with some really cute touches like the giant sundae by the stairs and the Tiffany's lamps. If it's a really hot day, try to get indoor seating... which will probably bump up your wait. The patio has the water misters and is ventilated but you'll still feel the summer heat. . . Service isn't bad. They get their food out in a reasonable time but at times it can be hard to get a hold of your server. If you get thirsty while waiting for your table, head over to the bar counter inside and you can get tall cups of ice water.. . The food is in good sized portions, so you're not overpaying too much; its like any designer item, there's a cost for that label. I've tried a bunch of things on the menu but here are some that I can remember well... Kobe Sliders are delicious if you're looking to get something on the smaller side. The foot long hotdog comes with alot of condiments and you can add toppings. The Mac n Cheese was really good. Try the Ahi Salad and the Hangover Omelette! . . Order the Frozen Hot Chocolate. it's probably what you came here for. Don't gripe about the cost because you shouldn't be in Vegas if you're not willing to spend some money. If you don't like it, at least you can say you've tried it. Personally it's a must order when I come. Why? It's different. Some of my friends have pointed out it kinda tastes like Hershey's chocolate but it's a nice alternative to soda and alcohol.. . One day I'm gonna order the Golden Opulence Sundae just to say I've tried it ;) And a trip to their New York location is on my checklist as well !. . - jenn
Yum! Frozen Hot Chocolate for $10! Enough said.
Still my favorite place to have sweets! I absolutely loved its Frozen Hot Chocolate. We also ordered "Can't Say No" Sundae (w/ humble pie, ice cream, banana and hot fudge with whipped creame) and it was SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!
I'm a fan of the Orrreo Frrrozen Hot Chocolate!. . But I'm definitely not a fan of their take-out line. Absolutely ridiculous. Ordering took way longer than getting my drink. I spent nearly half an hour waiting to order and like three minutes for my actual drink. There were, maybe, three groups ahead of me, until one decided to leave the line because it was taking a ridiculously long time and I STILL spent half an hour in line. REALLY?! . . I'll update this when I get a chance eat here, I got a little too drunk off of too much champagne at a pool party earlier in the day to make it here for dinner... Oh, Vegas.
Be prepared to pay a hefty price to eat here, but the environment is fun and the nachos really hit the spot. The sundaes are HUGE..I would advise splitting one. I would actually advise splitting a lot of things on the menu. HUGE portions.
4 stars for the OREO frozen hot chocolate!! Yum!! There was only 2 of us when we went there so we went straight to the bar and didn't have to wait. We ordered a regular oreo frozen hot chocolate and the sliders and it was the perfect amount for 2 girls to share. I'd only come here for the desserts not too much the food. I think it's overpriced.
food: love their frozen hot chocolate and steak sandwich. other items on their menu are good too, and super big!. . service: friendly but not attentive. . final thoughts: sit inside.  if you sit outside, be prepared to be ignored.
I begged my sister and cousin to try this place with me simply because I had seen Oprah describe it as her 'favorite' place for their icy hot chocolate and since I love Oprah, we had to try it!. . We had gone out the night before, so after a fun night which included drinks and dancing, we woke up semi hung over and weren't super hungry so only had the icy hot chocolate.  We were going to get donuts but they were out (I was somewhat surprised...) . . The icy hot chocolate did not disappoint, it was very good!  It was super chocolaty with tiny bits of ice but overall a smooth drink.  It was topped with lots of whip cream and shaved chocolate.  Presentation was great!  My sis tried their chocolate with coffee, mochachini?  I personally wasn't crazy about that one, as it tasted more milky than either chocolaty or coffee.  . . While I loved the drink, I'm not sure I'd come back simply because $10 is a bit high for a cup of a cold chocolate drink.  Then again, it's pretty unique and if you are in the mood for chocolate then this is it.  It's great because it's cold, I loved that!
My friends and i came here to eat during my bachelorette weekend in Vegas.  They were told to come an hour early so they could wait for seats...but we must've waited 20 mins max and we were promptly seated...in a room that was only 3/4 full.  I guess the hostess just wanted to pretend this place was more hopping than it was!. . We, unfortunately, came here after eating a really late brunch, for an early dinner since we had show tickets later on that evening, so none of us were really hungry.  The sizes are definetly generous here.I tried the tomato soup, crab & artichoke dip, chicken fingers/tenders, and the frozen hot chocolate.  Everything was pretty good, even on a full stomach.  I would definetly recommend the crab & artichoke dip again.  Its mostly just a crab dip, with one piece of artichoke as a garnish, but the crab pieces were pretty big.  It's smothered in this baked cream sauce and served with small slices of toast.  The tomato soup was not too bad, but just overly salty.  The chicken fingers were surprisingly good and juicy. and served with a trio of sauces (honey mustard, bbq, and ranch). . Others on the table included the ABC burger (Avocado, Brie & Carmelized Onions) and the BBQ blue cheese burger.  Neither of them were finished but I didn't hear any complaints or compliments.  It was my first time trying the frozen hot chocolate and it was good, but a little overrated.  I'd come back again on a empty stomach to see if that makes any difference.  3.5 stars!
GO here. Eat ice cream. Be happy. Very happy. (just stay way from frozen hot chocolate, not very good0
Believe all the hype, the Frozen Hot Chocolate really is THAT GOOD!. The frozen hot chocolate comes in a gradient of layers, the bottom being liquid and gradually icing up to the top. It's silky smooth icy texture is hard to explain. It is nothing like a Slush Puppy nor a Wendy's Frosty. It's just perfect and leave you wanting more. Both the Original and the Peanut Butter version is delicious. I didn't think I could finish one on my own after my HUGE dinner but I did!. . Nachos: WoW! Huge! and Delicious! Comes with Guac, Pico De Gallo and Sour Cream on the side.. . ABC (Avocado. Brie and Caramelized onions) Burger. Sweet potato fries were a little soggy. Burger was okay. Just Okay. Brie was overpowering.. Chicken Caesar Salad: It comes as 2 hearts, dressed with sauce. Bread so you can make your own croutons and Chicken the size of 2 chicken breasts. This was pretty good but not the best I've ever had.. BBQ pizza was a bit salty but good.. . I would definitely go again and try a different flavor of the Frozen Hot Chocolate.
I've been to this place several times with my boyfriend just for dessert. Every time that I have been here they always tell me it's about a 30 minute wait but most of the time it only takes about half. I havesat indoors and outdoors. I prefer sitting outdoors on a nice day/night since the patio faces Las Vegas Blvd. It can get loud when dining indoors. The service is great and I never have problems with my order.. . We usually get the Double Frozen Hot Chocolate for two. I am a chocolate lover so I enjoy this dessert even as simple as it is. I've tried the White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate but I prefer the regular chocolate. . . Overall, it's a good place to dine and experience the Frozen Hot Chocolate. So give this place a go if you're on the strip and want an icy chocolate dessert.
I have no idea what the savory items taste like at this place, but I love the desserts.  When my family came to Las Vegas last summer we came here three times in the course of a week.  I love all of the sundaes and the deep fried oreos are the bomb diggity.  I'd say if you want to try something besides the frozen hot chocolate get the deep fried oreo sundae.  The frozen hot chocolate is also awesome.  Both times I had it I shared with my boyfriend, but I could've had it all to myself and I'm talking about the double portion.  I'd say it's a little small, but I love shake-like confections.  I think no matter what time I come here I'll always get dessert and not something else, because when I think about Serendipity 3 I think about dessert.  In that respect my review is a little biased for just desserts.  That's all I've had.  I've been trying to coax my university friends to come here instead of going to happy hour. It's that good. :D
I can't comment on any of the regular menu food... I came for a specific purpose: frozen hot chocolate! I was not disappointed. We got it to go and drank it on the nice, warm patio outside. It was fantastic. The place seems like it could get fairly busy. The outside line that we were in moved fairly quickly. The staff wasn't terribly friendly, but I think their main focus was efficiency. I will definitely be back.
Missing a star due to service being a little off (seriously, who runs out of ketchup?), but everything was delicious and excessive.  :)
Cute decor and a tasty frosty beverage called the Frozen Hot Chocolate. . . It pretty much tastes like a chocolate milk with ice and whipped cream and chocolate shavings.. . On a hot day, I think it may make some people crumble to their knees. The wait? Well, we got lucky on a Monday and sat at the bar as soon as we walked in.... No complaints here. . . Share with a couple of friends and you won't feel so cheated. The decor was cute and worth a moment to roll through if you like cutesy places.
good food & good desserts. it sucks that they close at 11, & although they were seating people at 1030, we felt very rushed to order desserts due to the kitchen closing, although I know that's how it is, it just sucks that we didn't even get our main food & already had to order desserts.
Colorful, one-of-a-kind dining is an exact description of Serendipity.. . They serve brunch, lunch, and dinner. They have a variety of foods that range from spaghetti and meatballs to barbecued pork ribs. They are very popular for their humungous desserts. I have tried their classic sundaes, deep fried oreos, and their very popular frrrozen hot chocolate. Yes, frozen and hot. I know...it's a paradox, but you just have to try it to understand it. It's a very interesting drink that tastes like cocoa in hot chocolate, but it's cold and consistent to a strawberry daiquiri. Very unique, indeed. . . I haven't figured out a good time to come here without having to wait over 30 minutes for a table. If you're in a hurry, they have this grab-n-go service, which is on the side of the restaurant. There is a smaller menu of their most popular items for take-out.. . I am a sucker for sweets and Serendipity has established it's own little place in my heart; especially when one of my all-time favorite movies is Serendipity!
It was definitely worth the two hour wait! There was 3 of us and oh my gosh, we got way too much but we just wanted to try everything since it was our first time! Had the Thai beef salad, presentation was awesome and tasty! . . The frozen hot chocolate is ONLY worth it if you absolutely love chocolate! I personally dont really like chocolate that much and kind of felt like a lump in my throat! . . We also tried the lookie lookie cookie sundae or something and it was extremely good! Satisfied my ice cream craving!. . Last but not least the carrot cake!! I think my expectations for it has just sky rocketed cuz I've never had it before in my life! We couldn't even eat a quarter of it! But it's definitely worth it!. . Oh and I'd like to add that I loved the music they played!
Love it! It's probably because I'm so in love with the movie Serendipity... :-) . . The wait for Serendipity is always very long, but it's less ridiculous if you agree to sit outside. During late winter/early spring, sitting outside is quite chilly though not uncomfortable with all the heat lamps. I loved the frozen hot chocolate which was quite unique. You can share a small frozen hot chocolate amongst three girls--it's that big. Also, the mushroom quiche with fresh greens on top was amazing and very filling, and can be shared amongst two people. I would definitely go back but try to go earlier in the morning to beat the touristy crowds.
HUGE portions!!!  Cute atmosphere.  Frozen hot chocolate is good but to me almost tasted identical to a frozen chocolate drink from Godiva (and about twice the price!). Definitely worth a go though!
Never seen the movie, but I definitely heard about their FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE FOR TWO here (from Yelp! of coarse).. . My friend and I were newbies to this place, even though we've been to Vegas a bunch of times. When we got here (20 minutes before it closed), we got seated right away. As I was walking to our table, I didn't know that they sold burgers and fries. They did look good, but that wasn't what I came for. Side note -- We were stuft from our dinner at Carnevino and I skipped their desert menu on purpose so I can go to Serendipity. Anyway, I didn't have to look at their huge menu. I just ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two, which came out quickly. I took a sip of it from the straw and it hit the spot!! TIP -- Sip slowly to avoid a temporary brain freeze.
I had been avoiding this place for years, but it was quite a bit better than I expected. . The quickies: . *Yeah, the frozen hot chocolate is great, no it's not worth the price . *A large pitcher of Coors Light is $14 :) . *The home fries served with some of the breakfast items are very good! . *The humble pie is quite good and insanely large . *Be prepared for a long wait on the weekends, and they don't have pagers so you have to stick around pretty close.. . Yeah its a tourist mecca but we will be back!
Only been here once so far, but definitely coming back next time I'm in vegas! . . I went here for brunch (made a reservation, thank God!) I ordered the banana cream waffles. They were okay, not to die for but pretty good. Really, really big. And they give extra chocolate sauce if you ask. My boyfriend got the hangover omelet. OMG! It was absolutely amazing! SOOOO big and stuffed with all different kinds of ingredients. Even the sides were pretty good. . . For the drinks, we tried the oreo frozen hot chocolate and the regular frozen hot chocolate. The oreo one was alright, but I really liked the regular chocolate. It had more flavor in my opinion because the oreo one tasted kinda watered down with too much ice. It's like $14 or $15 for a size for two and like $10 or something for a size for one, so it's pretty much a way better deal to just get the bigger size.. . The desserts looked REALLY good, especially the sundaes!! But we were too full from the main course to order any =[ But they have a lot of choices to choose from. Next time I'm going to order desserts first because they all looked so good I really need to try them!
I'm surprised that there isn't a section on the menu for Pepto Bismo and Tums. The quantity of food served at this place is amazing. Puts the Cheesecake Factory to shame. . . What started off as brunch ended up being my only meal for the day - pretty much because I was still full when I went to bed that night. French Toast sticks with three kinds of dipping sauces. Then a banana split. Done right. The banana split was a big as a football. And I ate easily; three-quarters of it. After the french toast slicks. My friend has a slice of cake that was easily 8" tall x 4" wide" 12" long. The iced tea was the size of a milk container.  We were the biggest pigs that day. So worth it and the extra gym time that came along with it.
I went here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. What a great place! The food is definitely worth the wait. I had the ABC burger with avocado, bacon and caramelized onions. The restaurant has a good selection of inventive burgers, sandwiches and salads. Their dessert menu with frozen hot chocolates and huge sundaes is unreal. The wait can be long for a table, but in my opinion definitely worth it.
I had several sips from my girlfriends frozen hot chocolate that is all the rave. It was not as good as the drink I had when I was at the location in New York. Maybe because we got it at the counter place and not actually in the restaurant itself.. . I ended up getting the gigantic cinnamon pretzel that was literally 2 feet long. It was quite good but was also a little hard to bite into. They may have taken it out of the oven a minute or two short.. . My girlfriend also got the mini burger sliders. They were one of the juciest and amazing sliders I have had in a long time and possibly ever. After we took a bite, the juices oozed out. oh so good!. . The reason I am not giving 5 stars is from the hard pretzel and also they have no sign as to where you order your food or pick it up. We were waiting for a good 2 minutes before someone told us you order at the OTHER window.
Great staff with awesome food. The portions are gigantic though. Either have a massive appetite or split a meal
I've been a fan since going to their NY location. I love hot chocolate...and I love hot chocolate in slushy form. The price is a bit steep, yes...but the same goes for the rest of Vegas so I don't really have any complaints. I'm not nuts about the food. It's decent enough and if I was rating this place on food more than dessert, it'd probably score a 3. . . I think it's pretty convenient that they have a take out counter outside. The wait for getting a seat in the actual restaurant usually takes between 30 minutes to an hour, but there is plenty of seating in the surrounding areas to indulge in chocolatey goodness. With all the glitz and glamor of Vegas, this is a simple and fantastic dessert to have during your stay.
Ate there on a whim.  So when found out there was a 25 min wait, we opted to eat at the bar, and so glad we did!  The bar tender was making tons of drinks and began giving us the extra!  We were able to try the frozen hot chocolate and the frozen hot chocolate with peanut butter (amazing!!). I ordered the cheese burger and fries (not bad) and my husband the CA hot dog, which we both really enjoyed!  Sit at the bar if you want free drinks!!:)
If you're a fan of dessert, this is the place to go.  On the first night, we ordered the Velvet Cake which was excellent with the chocolate ice cream.  The second night, we ordered the Black and White, a nice mix of chocolate and vanilla ice cream with a tuxedo strawberry.  . . Will definitely be going back when I'm back in Vegas.
Our waiter, Leo, was awesome! Really funny, attentive, and efficient. Reminds me of the Hawaiian uncle I never had. Awesome guy! . . Foods awesome and portions are HUGE. The menu is wide and varied: consists of everything you need to soak up everything you probably drank the night before.. . Favorite item: "The Las Vegas Strip Sandwich". A foot long toasted baguette-like-bread topped with several pieces of well-seasoned steak, apple-smoked bacon, annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnndd of course, 3 (yes 3!) fried eggs.. . Followed by the oh-so-delicious Frozen Hot Chocolate. . . Get yourself ready for a food coma! . . ...And yes, the wait is long, so be prepared for that. But hey..you're in Vegas. You've got plenty of other things to keep you preoccupied until they call you. :)
All you need to know is the Frozen Hot Chocolate is ridiculously good.  If you love, and I mean LOVE chocolate, you should get one for yourself.  This is the most amazing dessert ever.  My friends and I also paired it with Steak Fries, which reminded me of dipping McDonald's french fries into their ice cream, and it was DELICIOUS.. . The actual meals aren't so fantabulous, but the Frozen Hot Chocolate is really to die for.  I noticed they have new "flavors" which include peanut butter and oreo cookie.  I'll have to try those the next time I head to Vegas!. . If you don't want to wait for a seat in the actual restaurant as it can be a bit difficult to get a reservation, I would suggest getting the Frozen Hot Chocolate through the take-out/to-go counter.  Although you don't get the fancy shmancy cup the drink comes in, I promise it tastes just as yummy!
The White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate is delish!!!  And I don't even like desert-y type drinks.  The regular and Oreo Cookie frozen hot choclates were pretty good too!  A great way to cool off on a very hot day exploring the strip.
Wow! This place is popular. Its always full of people and there is always a line. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation.. . Frozen Hot Chocolate is something your should definitely try if you this is your first time here. Its what everyone comes here for. It's essentially a hot chocolate frappacino. I really liked it the first time I tried it.. . The frozen hot chocolate is not the only thing they serve, oh no, the actually have a very large menu of other delectable goodies. Our server, Karen mad cool and told us she had tried everything on the menu at least twice and here favorites were the 4 cheese mac & cheese with chicken and japalenos added and the crab cake salad. How could we not take the advice of someone that had tried the gigantic menu more than twice over? . . 4 Cheese Mac & Cheese + chicken and Japalenos - WOW! Superbly well made Mac & Cheese, but adding the chicken and jalapenos, send it to another level. I dare say its one of the best Mac & Cheeses I have ever had and I get that dish almost everywhere I go.. . Crab Cake Salad - Excellent hot crab cakes served of a mixed green salad. The heat from the crab cakes slightly wilts the greens and makes for a very pleasing blend of textures and temperatures.. . Deep Fried Oreo Sundae - What! Deep Fried Oreos! In a Sundae! Yes please! I don't think I really have to say any more since these items by themselves would be pretty good. Put them together and you have a winner! Also, another recommendation from Karen. Haha, she is totally awesome! . . Since the menu has so much on it, its tough to say anything in general, but if you get what I got, I don't think you will be disappointed.
I go to vegas every year, and we have been to serendipity at least 4 times in the last two years. Three of the four visits were outstanding. One of the visits was less than great with a very long wait for lukewarm food.  On this last trip we went for dinner twice.  The first night I had the heirloom tomato salad and my friend ordered the chicken strips.  The salad is amazing! Huge, ripe tomatoes, fresh mozzarella and the best honey mustard dressing.  It also had some sort of nuts on it that tasted like pine nuts.  Fresh basil was sprinkled on top.  The chicken strips were really good.  The batter is tempura so it was light and crispy. The chicken was juicy and there was a lot of it.  On the second trip, I had the same salad and we tried the "can't say no" sundae.  Peanut butter pie with vanilla and coffee ice cream, bananas, whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  It was so good and 2 of us were only able to finish half of one sundae.  I love this place and will stop by each time we go to vegas.  The service is great sometimes and less than great sometimes.....but that is true for most restaurants in Vegas.  The frozen hot chocolate is just so-so.  Nothing exciting...but the sundaes are great! And the apple pie dessert is wonderful.  I always request to sit on the patio because inside is very loud and feels like a cafeteria.  The patio is less crowded and has a great view of either ceasars or the strip.
I have to stop by here every time I come to Vegas, mainly for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. My favorite, the Double Frozen Hot Chocolate for Two, because the single serving is just not enough for me. It's not cheap at $15, but when I'm in Vegas losing my ass off, $15 doesn't seem so bad.. . This isn't the place to go if you're super hungry, unless you get the Las Vegas Strip Sandwich. It's huge! They packed steak, bacon 3 fried eggs and other ingredients in a footlong toasted baguette. The sandwich is thick, making it hard to eat especially with the relative hardness of the toasted baguette. It's definitely a feat that all big eaters must overcome!. . I also tried the Dinosaur Beef Ribs. Must have a really small dinosaur because the serving portion of this dish is a joke. For $20, you would expect more than 3 ribs. However, the sauce was delicious and the sweet potato fries that accompanied the ribs were also good.. . Serendipity 3 also has a great variety of desserts and sundaes that are absolutely mouth-watering. The ultimate dessert is the Golden Opulence Sundae ($1000), which features edible gold flakes! If I ever win big, I'm getting it!
I make it an objective to visit Serendipity when I'm in vegas.. for the Frrrrozen hot chocolate and the nachos. That's what I order, every single time I come to vegas and I'm probably going to continue to do that =). . The wait is always super long though, that's the only down side. But, if you're only looking to get the frozen hot chocolate or anything else, they have a to-go window on the side!
Came here on a Saturday night around 8 or 9 and had to wait about 30 minutes. My friends and I knew that their signature was the frozen hot chocolate so we decided to get two. One originaland one cookies and cream. The original was good! Everyone says it is a chocolate milkshake but I beg to differ. It has a totally different texture and it is perfectly sweetened. As for the cookies and creams one it was good, but I would rather just stick to the original and not worth the additional $2 or so. . . Service was a little slow and it was really hard to get all the waitresses attention. However, they were all very nice and were very good when asked to refill our water and taking orders. . . Final Verdict: The wait is long but I have waited longer for other restaurants, and this is the only serendipity in the west coast so I would come back to get me a cup/bowl of chocolate goodness. As a person who isn't too fond of chocolate that is saying a lot.
I was in Vegas for my friend's bachelorette party and it was on my list of things-to-do for the weekend. I absolutely had to try Serendipity 3! One reason- frozen hot chocolate!!!. . There were 5 of us and we decided to order the frozen hot chocolate and 2 sundae desserts (one with deep-fried oreos!), along with their spinach artichoke dip. Besides the oreos, I vaguely remember what the ice cream sundaes tasted like. My taste buds were focused on the frozen hot chocolate! It was the BEST! I wish I had one near my house...I'd probably go there every day. I will definitely be going there any time I'm in Vegas. . . Oh, spinach artichoke dip was DELICIOUS...we wished we had ordered 2! :)
I've tried Serendipity in NYC and just loved it so had to try the new LV Serendipity 3. Of course ordered the frozen hot chocolate with coffee in it and topped with espresso beans dipped in chocolate. Delish! Though I didn't taste the coffee.. . But to start I had the sesame crusted ahi salad which was healthy and light. I really liked the dressing.
Very good desserts.  Quite pricey.  Don't make the mistake we did...share.  Each dessert is big enough for 2-4 people.
Bit of a long wait, but their signature Frozen Hot White Chocolate was definitely worth the wait. Refreshing, cooling, and not too sweet.. . Strawberry Fields Sundae & the Forbidden Broadway Sundae were amazing. It came in large proportions. Both sundaes were enough for our party of 5.. . The artichoke dip was AMAZING. I definitely recommend it!!! . . This really added to the Vegas experience, definitely coming back! :)
Their pizza is pure deliciousness. The bf said it was the best pizza he's ever had. . . Their shrimp alfredo pasta...was alright. The alfredo sauce was just too fatty/greasy. The shrimp were ginormous. I would ask to go easy on the sauce next time. . . Tried the oreo sundae. Shared it with 2 other people and still had trouble finishing it. It was awesome. . . Have yet to try the famous frozen hot chocolate...gotta do that next time.
The four stars is for the frozen hot chocolate which was the best and most delicious. 3 stars is for the food. I went here with a group of 7. The wait was about 30 minutes. The location is great and you cant miss it from Las Vegas Blvd and its in front of Caesars. I was actually surprised by how much indoor seating there were. I thought it would be bigger. Some of ordered a salad. The salads were huge. I ordered thai beef salad that came with a coconut for decoration. Some ordered the salmon dish. I tried it and it was dry. The fries were good, I couldn't stop eating them. Someone ordered the alfredo pasta which was huge. . I will definitely come back here but only for the dessert. The food was just ok.
The desserts were delicious.  My wife loves this place and we have been to the Manhattan location.  NY experience is far  better than Vegas but it is not a fair comparison.  I do think the Vegas location needs to invest in some decorations and create a better ambiance.. . If you put your name in early for a reservations it is a lot better than waiting.. . Service was dreadful, would be 5 star if not for waitress who acted like customers were unimportant.  Her attempt to be friendly only at the very last minute when delivering the bill won her a bit fat George Washington for a tip.  Should have left a Lincoln.
BBQ chicken pizza and fried Oreo sundae were wonderful but gigantic
Returned yesterday, had their banana waffles ($16) and icy hot chocolate ($10), my friend had their steak and egg sandwich (I can't remember price)... all 3 items were great and HUGE!!  I would HIGHLY suggest you share with at least one other person because the portions are ridiculously big!  My banana waffle was 2 huge waffles stacked with bananas in between and on top, very good!  My friends steak/egg sandwich was about 1 foot long with about 5 eggs inside... it was good but so big!  So I guess prices are worth it... . . Service kinda sucked.  We barely saw our waitress but in fairness to her the place does get busy.
At last!! This has been on my list for a while now, and each time I went to Vegas without trying this place out, made me want it even more the next. . . And it was perfect 100+ degree weather to try the much talked about frozen hot chocolate!! As soon as Phil V. and I found our friends inside, we downed our icy waters. It  was such a pain to find this place from the parking structure in back. Going thru the Casino..getting lost in the mall..asking workers how to get there and they didn't really know exact directions..and having to rush a bit under that heat. blech. just FYI, from ceasars parking structure, you head twds the right straight back twd the strip. . . So the food was okay. The frozen hot choc was BOMB ($10). Consistency was perfect enough to eat with a spoon and drink thru a straw. I loved sippin up the chocolate shavings and spooning off the whipped cream. Too delicious. We shared the bbq chicken flat bread pizza. It was good, but not super filling. Although I like thin crust pizzas, this one had too much thin crust and not enough sauce and chicken to go around. My friend's crab cake salad was REALLY good. If I came back, I'd order this for myself. The side of sweet potato fries ($4) were a little bland, but still crispy-good. The size is not worth that price though..  . Service was excellent, kept our waters refilled for that especially hot day and removed our plates right away. Ambiance was a mix of old school ice cream parlor shaken with a bit of new school Vegas. There was a huge bar inside and they played hiphop/club music. I'd love to come back next trip to try their other items. Huuuuge menu!
From what I can remember, the red velvet sundae was BOMBBBBB!. . I know we had some sort of appetizer but I can't remember what it was.. . We sat outside and watched the amazing LV scene!!  I live in NY and have never been to the Serendipity here but I'm sure LV expierence is much better!
Disclaimer: i Have not tried the original one in NYC, so i have nothing to compare this one too. . after walking for 10minutes, which felt like 30 because of the heat, nothing sounds more refreshing then frozzzzen hot chocolate!. . We didn't want to wait thirty minutes to be seated inside, which was probably a big mistake because it took 20minutes anyway standing in the heat, in the to go line and we probably did not get the same amount of frozzen hot chocolate  if we were to go inside. . but nonetheless, because it tasted so good, i did not mind at all! and the whip cream topped it all off. . . I also ordered a pink lemonade for the bf, which he stated was good. . . So I would probably be back again...it is kinda pricey but worth it
I tried the Mac & Cheese which was the best I have EVER had. The waiter was extremely rushed so our meal for 3 people took a while to come. However, we were seated on the patio overlooking the strip, which was pretty awesome in my opinion. Even though it was really hot it was an experience that will not be forgotten. I loved the Oreo Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate that we all shared!
Kind of pricey, but it's typical for the strip. The food were good, not to the point where it's amazing...but their main attraction is definitely their desserts such as the frozen hot chocolate. It's like $14 for a couple sized and like about a few bucks below for a single size. If you're determined to go there, plan to WAIT. You can't reserve in advance so you make your reservation when you get there, and the typical wait is about 30 minutes to an hour! I recommend NOT going during lunch hours. It's pretty small inside.
High prices but a fun place ti stop when your walking the Las Vegas Strip!
FINALLY!!! I got to try the frozen hot chocolate. I told myself to be ready to be disappointed by all the hype but since I'm such a tourist and have never made it to the Serendipity in NY, I had to go!!! The wait for a table was 30 minutes so we opted for seats at the bar. The bartender who made our frozen hot chocolate was very friendly  which is always a plus. We ordered a frozen hot chocolate, serving size for one, cost about $10. It was huge. Size of my head.. okay not quite because I have a big cabeza but pretty big. I was so excited because it looked scrumptious and. it. was. The whipped cream was silky and didnt taste canned and cheap. The chopped chocolate pieces on top were good quality and just the right amount.. the frozen hot chocolate was brimming over the sides into the plate.. you bet I slurped it up!. . I WANT MOREEEEEEE!. . A little pricey, too long of a wait for a table but overall I was really happy we went :). My honey even liked it!
I've heard of Serendipity and their famous frozen hot chocolate, but thought that I'd have to wait til we went to New York to try it. So imagine my excitement when I found out that there was one in Vegas!! My husband and I tool my parents out to dinner and decided to end the night with some famous frozen hot chocolate. We had made a reservation so we didn't have to wait to be seated, however, once we were seated we waited forever for some service. The waitress stopped by and said that she would be right with us, after a few more minutes of waiting, we ordered a round of waters to start. After nearly 10 min, our waters came out. We ordered the frozen hot chocolate (of course) as well as the deep fried Oreo sundae. The hot chocolate was good, not blow my mind great, but pretty good. I loved the sundae. I mean, can you really go wrong with cookies an cream ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, and fried Oreos on top?! Though we were in serious food comas after, it was totally worth it. Great desserts, slow service, full bellys!! I can't wait to go back and try something else. Maybe the $1,000 sundae??
If you are cruising along the strip and have a craving for something sweet, Serendipity3 may just do the trick. And here it goes:. Drinks - 4 stars. I ordered a Berry Mojito and I must admit that it was one of the Mojitos I've had in awhile.. Food -3 Stars. I had an order of Onion Rings that were huge and my main course was bbq ribs. It was just ok for me, the portions were generous nonetheless. Dessert - 4 stars. this is what they specialize in, they have so many selections and decided to try their famous Frozen Mocha Hot Chocolate and it was very deilicous!!! the next time I come back to Vegas, I'm gonna try the Red Velvet Cake Sundae, it looks sooo good and huge. Service - 3 stars. waited about 20 min. to be seated in which I'm ok with because it was during peak lunch hour,  the waitress was friendly, attentive so I had no problems with the service.. all in all, it was a good place to go. Whenever I am on a trip, I love to go to places in which they don't have one at home (Hawaii) I'm pretty sure that if a place like this were to open in Hawaii, it would be an instant hit!!
Serendipity is one the more family friendly attractions in Vegas. Located just off Las Vegas Blvd, right in front of Caesar's Palace, Serendipity offers an extensive menu comprised from delightful variations of traditional American dishes and desserts.  . . The decor transmits a retro odds and ends type of style, channeling themes of Alice in Wonderland & Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory.. . After walking up and down the strip under the blistering desert sun I was parched and in dire need of something refreshing. I took a quick gander at the mobile yelp app and I decided to check out Serendipity's infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate. . . I was quickly seated during the early afternoon (2pm Wednesday). My friend and I decided to share a Frozen Hot Chocolate for Two. We also desired something piquant that would enhance the sweetness of the chocolate, so we happily ordered a side of Sweet Potato Fries.   . . The food was magnificent, simple and very delicious. The Frozen Hot Chocolate is essentially Nestle's instant hot chocolate dry mix blended with ice and garnished with whip cream & bits of chocolate. For whatever reason I was anticipating a malty texture similar to a milk shake, boy was I wrong. The texture is something like a slush, very icy and rich, drinking it does not require much effort. (very sweet) . . The chocolate and sweet potato fries complimented each other perfectly. (Something salty with something sweet). Maybe a little bit more salty than I would have liked, but still very delicious. . . Since we did not order anything too elaborate (due to the mixed yelp reviews) I glanced around the room to see what the other patrons had ordered. I noticed tea tray towers filled with dishes such as sandwiches and various types of finger foods, also very charming tableware brandishing the Serendipity name which occupied savory looking salads, pizzas, burgers, sundaes, ribs, cakes, deep fried oreos and everything else that screams America.  . . All in all I had a really good experience here. This is definitely a cute place to come with your girlfriend or your wife & kids. I loved it I was in good company and it kept me out of the sun. . . Word of advice order a water.. you will need it! . . Your average dish here is between $10-$20. Any dessert (preferably ice cream) can be topped with a selection of candies, nuts, and sauces for an additional $1/each. . . Check them out at: http://www.caesarspalace.com/casinos/caesars-palace/restaurants-dining/serendipity-3-detail.html
Breakfast for champs - that's what we had here...at 1pm..on 3 1/2 hours of sleep. Hey, it's Vegas..sleep is overrated. Personally, I think the frozen hot chocolate is overrated. I'm not a fan - it just tastes like iced water with a flavor of chocolate. However, their ice cream cookie sundae is AMAZINGNESS!! So is one of their pastas - I don't remember which one, but I think it had shrimp. If you have kids, this is probably one of the more family friendly places on the strip/in Vegas. But be prepared to wait awhile. 2 of my girl friends and I ended up waiting around an hour for our table..inside. [Slightly off-topic: We think Brody Jenner, or a guy that looks exactly like him, was sitting at one of the tables outside - don't really remember what he was eating since..meh, celebrities..don't care..]
I went here almost everyday during vacation. Always busy. Frozen hot chocolate and chili dog are my favorite.
$11 for what is essentially a chocolate shake? You're basically paying for the right to say that you had a Double Frozen Hot Chocolate. I, like most people, tried it because I was curious to find out what a Double Frozen Hot Chocolate was. It sounded like a delicious oxymoron. Basically, they take over 16 powders to make hot chocolate. Then, they freeze it. Then, they throw it in a blender with two scoops of Ben and Jerry's chocolate ice cream. Pour it into a glass and add whipped cream/chocolate shavings. Done. . . It's actually very tasty and the portions are generous. My sister and I shared a small, and we could barely finish it. Beware that it is very messy to eat/drink. . . It's the perfect frozen treat after a long, hot walk on the Strip!
if im in vegas and im not eating at a buffet or a fancy restaurant, i will probably be eating here.. . the portions are humongous. ordered the french toast LOG (yes a log) to share with my friend, and i still couldn't finish. and we were pretty hungry. side of berries makes it a semi-healthyish meal. but im pretty sure the frozen hot chocolate overshadowed any kind of healthiness. but hey were in vegas, we can indulge.. . i think this is the best value for food on the strip. im just comparing to a $12 dingy salad that i got at a food court in palazzo/venetian, compared to the $18 LOG.. . only negative thing is that the expected wait time is usually never that long. they said 45 min wait time. but our buzzer sounded like in 20 min. last time i came here, they said 2 hr wait, so we walked around the strip and came back in 1.5 hr and turned out that they had already called for us.
large portions... something pretty common in vegas.. potpie was amazing!apparently its seasonal and only in the winter.. poo, i couldnt order it when i was there in july. i def recommend the hotdogs and potato skins. spaghetti and mac and cheese... meh, i can do without... the frozen hot chocolate IMO is a chocolate milk with ice. i can do without.. service was slow bc there is always a wait but since bf was a seven star at caesars our wait was about a fraction of the reg time. YOU CAN WAIT OVER 2 HOURS! not worth it iMO.
Don't get any of their drinks to go unless it's the frozen hot chocolate. I got the strawberry cheesecake and it just didn't taste right in the cup and it was hard to get all the cheesecake pieces that were in the bottom. The rest of the food is typical burgers n fries, nothing special. Expect a long ass wait if you go.
The Frozen Hot Chocolate was bomb!. . especially.. you know.. summer in vegas..
Frozen hot chocolate! That's it...i'm spent! LOL. If it weren't for being in the middle of nowhere and adjacent to a Chinese garden in Caesars this place would be better! Hows about a storefront location elsewhere but a casino!  Little pricey but its FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!
The portions for the food are HUGE! Unless you're starving and about to die I recommend that you split with someone. . . And omgosh the ice cream was to dieeeeeee for! Me and a friend split a sundae with fried oreos and cookies n creme ice cream and marshmellow fluff and it was the BOMB! I love ice cream and this place was definitely one of the best places that I have ever been to!!!!
Frozen hot chocolate with peanut butter cups= AMAZING. I'll be back for some food next time!
Thought they only sold ice cream but come to find out they serve pretty good food.  The frozen hot chocolate in any flavor is fantastic.  Its a must try if in vegas.  Prices are reasonable get there early the wait could be long.
Ok. So this place I kinda have a lot to say about... . The wait- First off we had reservations to which we had a credit card on hold for at 11:45am. We were there early and still weren't seated until about 30 minutes later o Ly to be informed they had a table ready the entire time but never sent anyone to get us..... . The food- the food selection looked really good on the menu. Everything is a tad on the pricey side, but oh well, this place is famous right? It kind of took a while to bring our food out and I have some gripes about that. They forgot one meal, one breakfast came out super cold like it's been sitting for a whiiiile, and my omelet was like super-cooked hard and dry. So 3 misses out of about 14 people, I guess I'll let it slide?. . BUT, and this is a big but. They quickly resolved this issue by comping the meal they forgot and the meal that came out cold (and brought out a brand new one) (I didn't complain about my meal bc I don't like complaining at restaurants), and on top of that, gave us 2 frrrozen hot chocolates and a bloody Mary for our meal that was cold. . . So all in all, the food was ok, the desserts and sweets are yummy, and the service ended up being great since they fixed everything they messed up. . . I will come here again and update my review and hopefully I'll have a 5-star experience next time!
Great burger! Great fries, and damn that frozen hot chocolate!!!
I have heard of Serendipity for a very long time now and always wanted to go there when I went to NYC and i was super excited when I heard they opened up a location in Vegas. It is located right by Cesar's Palace. . . Even though I was extremely stuffed I made sure to make room to get a Frozen Hot Chocolate here. I got it Togo since I wanted to do some gambling. The wait wasn't too bad I got my drink relatively quickly. . . A small frozen hot chocolate costs $10 and a larger costs $14. I opted for the small size since I knew I couldn't finish the large size. It was really good. I loved it and so did my friends. Very refreshing in the 100+ degree weather. . . Next time I will have to dine there to try to get the whole experience! Cant wait to go back!
Yummy!. Breakfast with my two-yr old son.. Waffles with strawberries, and a balsamic/chocolate vinaigrette topped with whipped cream. It was savory, without being super sweet. We had their delicious hot chocolate too. Yummy, great portions, and a must-do.
Since I went to New York and failed at going to the original location I was excited to see that there was one in Vegas.  I have come here a few times, and each time ordering something different to indulge my sweet tooth.  The decor is cute, but the location is too small, always a long wait, so be prepared.  Luckily where it is located there is plenty of seating while you wait.  They also have a walk up window for those of you who just want to satisfy your frozen chocolate cravings and not have to wait too long.  . . Whenever I come I am usually with a large group and we usually all order a different item.  We mainly come for the desserts and not food, so I honestly can't rate that part, even though everything does look delish.  From what I have seen the portions are large, enough for sharing, which I would recommend.  That way you have room for dessert, which is the main attraction here.
The frozen hot chocolate is PERFECT during summer. Pretty expensive but definitely worth it. Get a large and share it with someone..  I recommend the to-go line because it's always crowded inside (at least a 30 minute wait).
After my second visit to this location I decided it was time for a review. I have been to the original one in NYC and when comparing the food there is really no comparison, they are identical. The wait for this location was a lot shorter the times that I went. Also, the location is smaller, i think. Whats great about this location is that they have a to go window outside, so if you don't want to sit on a table you can just order from their side window. Like many yelpers have mentioned the Frozen Hot Chocolate is delicious!! Believe the hype!! Its totally worth the wait. So four stars on the Frozen Hot Chocolate & location!! . . Soon I will review my experience in the NYC location.
If your coming here for food your in the wrong place. The food is below average and is way overpriced. But if your looking to get your dessert fix your in the right place. I got the deep fried oreo sundae and it is by far the best sundae iv ever had. I'm good on sweets now for at least two weeks.
Move over Frozen Hot Chocolate, hello Frozen White Hot Chocolate! . . We decided to have breakfast here when we saw it the night before while strolling the Vegas strip. We came in a little earlier than usual. That helped because it got really packed later on. I had a Chorizo Quiche and me and my wife shared a Frozen White Hot Chocolate. The Chorizo quiche was delicious. The greens are fresh and evenly dressed lightly. The quiche was perfectly baked. Eggs were fluffy and the crust was flakey. The chorizo can use a little more 'chorizo' flavor. The highlight of our breakfast was the Frozen White Hot Chocolate. So delicious!!!
It's such a cute place inside and out. We wanted to wait for an inside table because it's so hot outside. The wait time was 1/2 hr which wasn't to long. The music is a bit loud but the crowd is lively and fun. I had a grilled chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and my sister had the salmon with rice. I tasted her food and the rice had curry, corn and some other ingredients. I really don't talk rice to much, but this rice was really good. Her salmon was also very good. My grilled chicken sandwich was good, but too bad my sweet potato fries were not even warm. What a let down..... . I am torn on giving this place a 3 or 4 stars. I would give them 3 because I think they are way over priced and a 4 because I was drooling over their desserts and ambiance is really nice. There are so many restaurants in Vegas that I'm not so sure I would come to this place on my next visit. I would most likely try a new place.
Frozen hot chocolate is delicious. I've never been to serendipity but always wanted to indulge in the many desserts offered here. I really enjoyed the Chocolate chip cookie dough sundae and frozen hot chocolate more than anything we ordered. We ordered a ton of desserts like the banana split and so forth. Everything is super rich but very addicting. Before the desserts came out, I also ordered an Eclipse from the bar.
We ordered our Frrrozen Hot Chocolate from the walk up window - it was perfect for us as we didn't want to sit and be served.  We just wanted a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate on the go!. . It tasted exactly like the the Serendipity 3 in New York. However, in New York I feel like the overpriced $10 dessert goes towards the ambiance, the experience, the cute tables/chairs and old-fashiony ice cream dishes.. . In Vegas, we got a plastic cup handed to us through a little window and later we were like, "huh, $10 for a shake."   Even still, I'd do it all over again tomorrow.  What's $10 in Vegas anyways?  It just meant I had $10 less to lose in the Wizard of Oz penny slots!
I want to so so so so bad give this place five stars because my sandwich was out of this world!!. . But the service was mediocre.  My friend was so excited to order one of the massive sundaes, but apparently they were out of some of the ingredients.  The waiter did not inform us of this until easily 10 minutes later and in addition showed no remorse.  . . Sandwiches are great.  My friend got nachos and those were super delicious, too.  . . I would recommend splitting sandwiches and then ordering a sundae for the table.  The sundaes could be meals in and of themselves and are soooo deeeelish :)
Tuna tartar tacos and abc burger are delicious.
Went here for restaurant week. It wasn't as bad as most these reviews make it out to be. . . The service is OK. . . The food is really good. . . The frozen hotcocolate is over rated, good, but not amazing. . . so overall as long as the service isn't terrible and my wait isn't too long l but the food is bombdigity, I'm ok witht that.
Saw Serendipity 3 as we were walking past Caesers Palace on my daughters 21st birthday 8/27/11.  We had always wanted to go to Serendipity in NY and thought we'd go in.  Daughter spoke with the hostess, we had a party of 5 and wanted to sit inside.  The hostess said about an hour wait, then asked if it was my daughters birthday (she was wearing a tiara), the hostess stepped inside for a minute and came back and said don't go far.  We were called for our table about 5 minutes later!  . . The place is cute inside!  The waitress asked my daughters name and they brought her frozen hot chocolate out first with toppings and a candle and the staff announced her birthday and sang to her.  . . We all wanted frozen hot chocolates or milk shakes so we only ordered appetizers.  The frozen hot chocolates are very big and could easily be shared (if we didn't want different flavors).  They were very good but around $11 so beware of that.  We had potato skins, sliders, onion rings and artichoke dip.  The food was all very good.   . . I'd go back for the frozen hot chocolate or the appetizers.... maybe both!
Heard really great things about this place, so decided to give it a try. . . The wait wasn't bad, but we sat outside in the covered patio.  It did take us about 10 minutes to be greeted, and finally the host that sat us came back to see if anyone had greeted us yet. . . We both had breakfast; my girlfriend said the Juevos were amazing and she nearly cleared her plate.  I had the Hangover Omelette and it was gigantic!  Definitely too much food for 1 person, maybe? Unless you're really hungry, I guess.  . . The food was good; our server was pretty nice but seemed a little overwhelmed.  But he was nice enough to bring us cheesecake pops since he made us wait when we originally sat down.  And if that wasn't enough, we had to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate...I guess I was expecting something more exciting?  But it was still good.
Came here for breakfast yesterday. There was a 45 minute wait for a table. . . Being that it's Las Vegas' Restaurant Week, I ordered the set meal. For the price of $20.11 for all three courses, it was a bargain (since a breakfast entree by itself averages $15+/plate).. . FIRST COURSE. Chocolaccino (Frothy Cappucino, Fresh Whipped Cream & Shaved French Chocolate):. -For some reason I thought this was a cold drink, similar to that of a Starbucks' Frappucino. I was not expecting this to be a hot drink when the waitress brought it out. Luckily she was kind enough for me to switch it out for the Mixed Berry Smoothie. (Took a few sips of it before sending it back. It was nothing spectacular.). . Mixed Berry Smoothie (Blackberry, Blueberry & Rasberry Blended with Yogurt):. -Lots of seeds from the fruits! So if you dont mind getting a few stuck in between your teeth, then definitely get this. It's a richer version of Jamba Juice. . . SECOND COURSE. Breakfast Quesadilla (Scrambled Eggs, Potatoes & Bacon Quesadilla served with Sour Cream, Guacamole & Pico de Gallo):. -Extremely hearty! There are big wedges of potato in the quesadilla itself. Very tasty!. . THIRD COURSE. Cheesecake Lollipop & Frrrozen Hot Chocolate Shot (Sample Shot of Serendipity's Trademark Frrrozen Hot Chocolate & Cheesecake Lollipop):. -Dessert presentation, the desserts were decoratively served on a white plate with chocolate syrup and sprinkles. . -The Cheesecake Lollipop, meh. I didnt think it was that great. It was soft cheesecake on the inside, with a coating of chocolate and crushed pistachios on the outside. This dessert actually tasty rather salty, when I was expecting it to be sweet.. -The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate tastes exactly like the name. Imagine hot chocolate, except served cold.. . This place has both quality and quantity covered. Definitely consider sharing a meal so that you can have room for dessert!
Went for breakfast during restaurant week 2011. Really enjoyed it & prices weren't as outrageous as a lot of other places on the Strip.
Frozen hot chocolate is what I've seen and heard about this place on the Travel channel or Food network :) had to go and try it!. . The cashiers were guys and I ALWAYS find it sweet when guys (cute ones usually) work at an ice cream/dessert shop. What a turn on lol. . My order came out fast and I shared the frozen hot chocolate with a group of 5. We devoured that chilly and rich cocoa laced with I think was crack because it was SO GOOD :D . . I would recommend getting it if your at Caesar's Palace because it was refreshing for the dry throat and the humid weather :)
Came at a good time. In between lunch and dinner so we pretty much walked right in with no problems.. . My cousin was being generous and allowed me and my bf to order anything we desired. Good food (and big portions I must say), I knew my bf ordered a hamburger and enjoyed it because I didn't hear from him til after the burger was finished. My cousin and I split a Turkey Bacon Avocado sandwich on sourdough. Half that sandwich was enough along with the nachos we shared. . . Frozen hot chocolate in mint is to die for! If you like Baskin Robins Mint Chocolate chip ice cream, then you'll like this one. The 2 pieces of Andes mints on top of the whipped cream was a plus! I'm stopping here again for dessert when I come back in June :)
My wife and I had to go here and try the Frozen hot chocolate, little did we know that it would take us a month to try them all.  We had the ffresh fruit on top of the wonderful frozen chocolate and we enjoyed it as an appitizer, to heck with waiting for dessert because it was exactly what we wanted on a day in the mid 90's.  We will be suggesting it every chance we get, and cant wait for our next chance to enjoy it.
We came at a pretty good time. Waited for about 20mins for a seat outdoors since we San Franciscans never get to eat outdoors due to our bipolar weather. It was nice. . . I came here strictly for the frozen hot chocolate but thee bf was hungry so we ate lunch here too. . . Frozen white hot chocolate w/ sprinkles : the first few sips were awesome but as I kept sipping...it was wayy too sweet for me. BF likes white chocolate so thats why we ordered it. . . Foot Long Chili Cheese Dog : what a delight! it was so good and just enough for the both of us to share. it even had chucks of ...i think steak or beef in there.. . Buffalo Chicken Pizza : interesting twist ...instead of a marinara sauce, it was the buffalo sauce with chucks of chicken and bleu cheese. We weren't a fan of the bleu cheese...it was quite strong. . . Awesome lunch. We bought the can of frozen hot chocolate powder so we can make it at home because Serendipity just isn't everywhere.
Expensive, but almost worth it as the portions are large, food is tasty. About to dive into the frozen hot chocolate and hope that will tip the scales in favor of a full and hearty recommendation.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.. . One of my favorite movies is called Serendipity and there is a scene where they go to Serendipity (but the one in New York), and I've always wanted to try their Frozen Hot Chocolate since then!. . I ordered the ABC Burger (Avocado Brie and Carmelized onions) which was super yummy!!  It came with a side of sweet potato fries which were cooked to the perfect texture to my liking.  Then my friends and I shared the Traditional Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Umm..it was slightly disappointing because it was more like a melting ice cream.  But at least I can say that I tried it.  . . The atmosphere of this place is super cute!  It's very pink!  They sell Serendipity t-shirts, chocolates, Hello Kitty items, and a bunch of other cute things.  . . Suggestion:  Call at least 2 hours in advance to make a reservation if you plan to eat there.  They have a nice patio overlooking the strip so if it's nice out, I suggest reserving a table to eat outside!
Definitely one of my Las Vegas destinations, but also a legitimate tourist trap. Sitting right along the strip, belonging to Caesar's Palace, this place booms. You can use your Caesar's rewards cards here. But it's also one of Serendipity's four locations nationwide, so might as well check it out. There's plenty of outdoor seating if you're taking to go, courtesy of Caesar's.. . I've dined in probably twice and had some sort of spaghetti, which came in larrrrgeeee serving size, complete with three meatballs. They have a bar inside, also, so complimented it with a drink. Everyone raves about their frozen hot chocolate, which is pretty bomb, and I don't even like chocolate. It gets a little too sweet if you have it around for too long, though. These drinks can be costly, but you're in Vegas to splurge, so might as well!. . Now usually I only stop by for the street part of it, so I'm not necessarily dining in, and just get one of their to-go items in the back of the restaurant. I go for the Las Vegas style hot-dog, which is literally the length of my forearm, topped with cheese and jalapenos. HUUUUGE. Trust, it's $9, the same price as the sliders, but the sliders are MINI. They're not worth it, so go for the hot dog.. . And water cost extra. Lol.
Drove by during the night and the place was packed!! Decided to come during the day time to beat the rush and sure enough we did. Went with a group of 7 people and the wait was anything, but that. They have fast and friendly service.. . The menu itself is basic. The prices seemed a tad bit high for their food on the menu. All of us ordered the Original Frozen Hot chocolate drink and it was amazing! Definitely worth the wait. . . I did not order any food, but my friends did and it smelled and looked great! I would have tasted their food, but we had been eating all day, so I passed. . . The interior of the restaurant is vibrant and modern. However, they seemed to have a weird fascination with Hello Kitty, not quite sure what that is about :). . If you're in Vegas, this is one place you have to stop by and try!
Wow, Yelpers are a little harsh to my beloved Serendipity 3! . . I love this place. Yes, it's on the strip. Yes, it's a little bit pricey... but it is everything a Yelper would love! It's a COOL spot and it is FUN!. . Serendipity 3 is strip side with a large outdoor patio (stripside), a small interior dining room, and little walk-up window for to-go orders. The place is spacious and clean. The portion sizes are large and good for sharing (which I recommend).. . Now, let's get down to business... And by business I mean FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. Yum! My favorite is the Peanutbutter Frozzzen Hot Chocolate and it's garnished with mini Reeses! . . My favorite burger is the ABC Burger (Avacado, Brie, and Caramalized onions). It's such a tasty burger topping trio (say that 3 times fast). My sister is a fan of their Ruben, even declaring that it has some of the best corned beef, ever, on it. Sandwiches and burgers are accompined by choice of traditional or sweet potato fries.. . There are some pretty stellar desserts. Sundaes, cakes, and shakes! I have always been too full to try some. I may just have to plan a dessert trip before my next outing to Caesars.. . Serendipity 3 is like a really nice McDonald's. It's hip, it's fun, and it's tasty. Great for a quick bite or a refuel while galavanting around The Strip.. . To be noted: The walkup window serves all varities of the tasty FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, sandwichs, hot dogs, salads, and a few other items.So in case you don't have time to dine in you can pick up some Serendipity 3 while you're on the move.. . On hot Vegas days and nights, FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE is a delectable way to cool down.
So for years, I've seen this sandwich with bacon, eggs, and steak all over facebook and I finally got my chance at it a couple weeks ago.  It was gigantic and tasted pretty good.  It came with sweet potato fries and those were pretty good too.  I know it probably isn't the best place to eat in vegas with all the buffets but it does the trick.  It isn't too expensive and the restaurant itself reminds me of a restaurant you would find at disneyland by the way it was decorated haha.  Also the frozen hot chocolate is exactly how it sounds.  It is hot chocolate that is cold with whipped cream on top...so good!  I could go for some right now...too bad I'm nowhere near vegas.  Anyways, I highly recommend this place and you should try it at least once!
If nothing else, you must stop by to try the frozen hot chocolate.  It's often a busy place, so the walk-up window is handy.  I've had two meals here and tasted others.  I must say that I nearly died and went to heaven when I tried their mac and cheese.  I could have drank the leftover cheesy goodness from the bottom of the bowl.  The cheese omelet I ate on my first visit was massive and hit the spot, although it was a tad salty.  The yam fries were good.  . . I enjoy their food presentations and the decor stirs up an Alice In Wonderland feel for me.  I just think it's a novel place to eat and is a nice change from the lounges, pubs and buzz of the strip.
Unfortunately, this time around we weren't able to get a table due to the longggggggggggggg wait, but the "to-go" food order area was just fine.(i dunno wtf to call it lol). . You can not go wrong with the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!  The hype is all true and it's definitely worth it!  Don't listen to negative reviews about it until you try it... for real.... . Their regular fries there are hella bomb too!!. . The only reason I give this place a 4 is because of the expensive prices & long wait :(
i always make it a point to come here with either my friends or a gf.. it is a little pricey for its type of restaurant, but well worth it. a . their onion rings are superb!!!! yummy. their burgers and pizza are also good, though i wouldn't go there just for pizza.. there is always a 15-30 minute wait, but you can always go hang out @ Caesars palace right next door
Frozen Hot Chocolate.... . If this review was based solely off Serendipity's FHC, they would be getting 5 stars from me, BUT, I tried their food.... . Serendipity is a-typical of a restaurant in Vegas. Lots of flash, not much in delivery. The food, typical American-style sandwiches and the like, are o-k-a-y. Nothing to write home about, but good enough to satisfy your hunger. The prices are a little bit on the steep side ($15/burger + fries).. . If you're gonna come here, I would advise to find another place to eat first, AND THEN come just for the frozen hot chocolate. Yes, it's that good... I know a lot of people sit and wonder how hot chocolate can be put into a slushy, frozen form... Well, it can, and Serendipity has done it. It's like a packet of Swiss Miss blended into a perfect slushy state, with tons of whip cream andchocolate shavings. . . My friends & I ordered it, and as soon as it hit the table, we were quiet for a good five minutes as we all just sipped and sipped, until it was all gone.. . So, so good, and definitely a must for any Vegas trip.. . JUST DO IT. :)
Frozen hot chocolate. Too good to be true. I wish I hadn't shared it with three friends!. . I didn't eat here, so I have no rating for the food. I didn't enjoy having to wait 2 hours only to find tons of open tables when we went in (indicative of understaffing perhaps).
Went to Serendipity 3 for the first time and I can honestly say I was not disappointed. As a serendipity virgin, the server recommended to have a bite of  the CRAB CAKE salad. It was absolutely amazing. The sauce was delicious and the crab cake was extremely "fresh" tasting. I also had the frozen hot  chocolate and loved it! My girlfriend however hadthe eggs benedict and the hollandaise sause had an interesting taste (would not recommend that dish)!
They have great service, which is worth 4 stars, other than that the food is Denny's quality at best.  Sure their frozen hot chocolate is legendary but really you can get a milk shake at Denny's for the same quality but 90% cheaper!!!!  Skip it!
If you want a heart attack, order the steak sandwich.  It's huge and with 3 rare eggs on top, you can only hope that your daily exercise helps keeping you standing after meal!
Will be back again and again. . . I agree with the general attitude by some of the servers. It's just weird but fairly typical of Vegas. It's a little more Cali. More laid back towards everything.... . I've had great experiences with the service and strange experiences, so its def hit or miss.. . The food however, cannot be beat. AND YES THE SIZES ARE LARGE.. . No matter how "normal" they say the size is, chances are its gonna easily serve two. . . You must check it out!
We had dessert here on our recent trip to Vegas.  My husband and I split the Fried Oreos and Cream sundae.  It was quite tasty and I feel guilty admitting it, but the marshmallow was my favorite part of the whole thing.  I'm certainly glad that we split it because it was HUGE (no complaints here!).. . This location is not nearly as charming as the location in NYC, but we did not have high expectations of that since this is a second location, aimed at tourists on the stip.  . . We showed up around 4 pm on Saturday, thinking we would be seated quickly since it wasn't a prime dining hour.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  Not bad, but there were plenty of empty tables around.  Perhaps they were short staffed.  We did find it strange that the hostess did not give us the option to sit inside or outside.  They just give you  the first table that is ready.  We would have waited longer if we ould have been on the patio.  Oh well!
It was quite a hype for everyone so we had to try it out.. . Place is located in front of Ceasar's and they have a great outdoor seatings covered with a tent, so that's a plus. . . We got in line and it was quite long line since there is only one cashier taking orders. Everyone seems to order the frozen hot chocolate but had decided to try out their Frozen Oreo. Though it is quite expensive, $12 for a large order, friends and I just shared an order. . . Surprisingly, the frozen oreo was pretty good.
I went here with a friend because of the hype and enjoyed the experience.. . The server was very good, and pretty easy on the eyes too - bonus :p.. . As for the food, I ordered a side salad and the Kobe beef sliders as a meal.  The side salad was very nice with a bunch of different vegetables, and it was very large, but unfortunately overdressed - which was too bad because it was otherwise pretty tasty.  I should've asked for dressing on the side.. . I really enjoyed the sliders - there were4 of them, and I only ate two since I was saving room for dessert.  I think for the average person, this is an adequate sized meal.  The burgers were cooked more on the medium rare side, which is what I like.  They were juicy and tasty.  The bacon and the aioli were great.. . Of course, I had to try the frozen hot chocolate for dessert.  It is way too huge for one person, but I managed to finish about 3/4 of it.  I'm not sure I'd rush back to order it, but I'm glad I at least tried it once, and it was good.  Too bad it melts so fast though.  I ordered the original, but if I go back again, I think I'd try another one (sounds like the Frozen Oreo is popular).
The frozen hot chocolate was not worth the $10 price tag. BUT the waitress was very courteous and helpful with the menu. We ordered the BANANA WAFFLE and the corned beef. The banana waffle was AMAZING! The best waffle I've ever had. The corned beef was of good quality meat and potatoes that came with it was excellent.  The price tag was not cheap. But I would definitely come back for the food,NOT the frozen hot chocolate.  I could probably make a plain hot chocolate,  put it in the refrigerator and it would be just as good.
Everybody I know hyped this place up way to much. I kept hearing people compare this place to their New York location. I've never been to their NY location or really know why this place is so popular/famous. I came here to see what people were raving about. The only thing I liked here was their frozen hot chocolate. It was tasty and fresh. It came in a huge cup big enough to share with 3 people.. . I wasn't impressed by their food and they didn't have much of a selection. The food menu was pretty minimal. I ordered the pump sandwich and I didn't like it. The sandwich fell apart on me and the meat tasted weird. Maybe it's all about personal preference when it comes to the food because the quality wasn't bad. Everything here was pretty pricey so this place ain't cheap. Prepare to spend some cash when you come here.. . The dining area is pretty big. I was comfortable where I was sitting. The servers were nice and accommodating. They do have fast service here so I can't complain about that. Time it right because this place can be very crowded...especially at night!
I stood in the To-Go line outside for a ridiculous 30 mins!  But the Frozen Hot Chocolate was completely worth my wait.  I would say I might come back bc of the horrendously long line but the lady behind me told me that she's come here multiple times before and has never had this long of a wait ever.  Turns out it was just one guy working.  Poor dude was so nice for being pushed to work and pick up slack for a no-show.  I will go back
We came here for lunch on Halloween day and there was only 5 minutes wait. All servers dressed up in costumes which I thought was very fun. We came mainly for the Frozen hot Chocolate, but decided on having lunch here as well.. . We asked about the Pizza and our server said it was only enough for one person, so we also ordered a side of Garlic Bread. When we got our food, turned out to be the portion was enough to feed both of us. It was the Meatball Pizza and was delicious.  The Garlic Bread was just ok.. . Now, the Frozen Hot Chocolate comes in two sizes. For one and for sharing. We decided on the basic Frozen Hot Chocolate for one. The size of this drink was hugeeeeeee. I don't think I can ever drink the whole thing by myself and if I ever did, please slap me in the face. . . That frozen hot chocolate was everything what people said. It was sweet, delicious, refreshing, gave me brain freeze, and I want more. I think, a trip to Serendipity 3 will be a must do for us for our future Vegas trips. Too bad no one can't ship that drink to me :(.
It can get busy, the wait can be long. And it can be very noisy.  They can do with turning down the music so we don't have to shout our conversations or lean into each other so much just to hear. Ok.  I am a little hard of hearing, and the sound levels are notfriendly for the aurally challenged.. The food: enough to share and yummy.. The desserts: uhm, that is why one comes here.  Yum-O. The service: the times I have been here the service has been very friendly but not overbearingly so, and prompt (or as prompt as they can be when the place is packed.  They get points for trying).. It is price-y, but that is part of the overall experience. Splurge a little.
This place can get very busy, so if you don't feel like wasting a lot of time, just get food at the take out window. They have a shorter menu, but you can still get frozen hot chocolate there, so what else do you need? If it doesn't look busy, enjoy! Otherwise, don't kill yourself over not trying it.
I'm giving this place 4 stars only for their amazing frozen hot chocolate. . As for the food, i give it a 3 stars. Nothing special to it besides it name and funky decor. However, my Mr. ruben sandwich was one of the best sandwiches i've had. Very flavorful and filling for sure :). I would definitely come back here the next time I visit Las Vegas :)
O-M-G!  Frozen hot chocolate with Jameson.  Seriously, does it get any better?
If you ever find yourself here on a busy day/night, sit at the bar and order the frozen hot chocolate from there. Easy peasy :))
YUM!. We sat outside on the balcony and had a view of the strip.  It was a cute place and the food was pretty good.  . My mom likes the frozen hot chocolate.. I need to go back and try other things!
2 hour wait for my group of 6. We went into the casino and came back to check once in a while, and they held our spot. About 1 1/2 hours in, we checked in and were seated due to a party that didn't show up (so check in often!).. . The place was busy and it was hard to get a hold of our waitress, though she was very nice. When ready to pay, we were confused and thought we had to go up to the counter, I saw a few people do this, but she did come by and get the check from me, I'm not sure if people were just going up because the wait was so long/ it was so hard to get your waiter's attention or what.. . Expensive? yes. But the sundaes my friends got were huge, with entire slices of Red Velvet cake, cheesecake, or giant cookies depending on which one they got. I got the sliders, and they looked tiny, but they were filling. The bacon aoili was yummy! My bf's triple decker grilled cheese was an overload, but he was in heaven, and it came with a little bowl of tomato soup with cute little goldfish crackers floating in it!. . The oreo frozen hot chocolate was yummy, but get the regular (the smallest size) FOR TWO. We seriously couldn't finish it, definitely not with the food !
Great meal & Great service, definitely ended my weekend in Vegas right.  I ordered the classic cheese burger with steak fries and it was delicious, to end my meal since this place is known for their desserts my boyfriend and I split a delicious hot fudge sundae.  I definitely enjoyed it, it filled me up and definitely made up for the shity meal/service I previously had at  (Hash House A Go Go) I wish I remembered the waiters name to give him some good feedback but I dont remember it. Overall my party and I definitely enjoyed it!
Yum! Mint chocolate frozen hot chocolate is delicious!  I can't wait to go back!
I am in AWE! Why does this place have 3 stars?. . I am definitely a fan of any form of chocolate and Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate has to the best chocolate drink ever invented. The small size is HUGE! It will be a great idea to share with a buddy or boo because the portion is huge! The whipped cream is also very amazing, I used to think Cheesecake Factory's whipped cream was the best... oh no... Serendipity is the winner! . . I haven't tried the food there, because there are other places to eat in Vegas. Serendipity is infamous for its frozen hot chocolate. Love Love Love! . . Whenever I make a celebratory trip to Sin City, Serendipity is a guilty pleasure! . . And for you alkys out there, get it with some rum! Hello to a night of fun! :)
Hot chocolate was awesome! The food was good we shared 2 dinners and would eat here again. The waitresses could be nicer. Wait time for servers is rather lengthy.
This is for Leo, the nicest, most generous, friendliest, waiter we've had during our weekend stay in Vegas. My friends and I have never been to this establishment until today. And our first experience was quite memorable because of him.. Leo, thank you so much for making our last day in LV the best !! Food and drinks were quite tasty too might I add. I highly recommend the foot long dog !!
Yay! i'm a fan just because i have a very bad sweet tooth!  went in at 10 PM but was told that the restaurant would serve nothing but desserts because the kitchen closed at 10 PM even though the restaurant was open until 11 PM.  oh well i didnt care since i was there just for the desserts anyway!. . My boyfriend and I ordered a strawberry fields sundae to share.  The sundae was not as bad (big) as i imagined it woulda been but it was all good since i had to save some room for more foods at Sugar Factory right across the street at the Paris Hotel!  Yesh! it was my dessert night! hooray!!  Anyhoo, I loved that big chunk of cheesecake in the sundae, and it took us probably 10-15 minutes to finish it.  not bad at all *wink*
I have to go here EVERY time I'm in Vegas for my frozen hot chocolate and burger with glorious buns!. . The frozen hot chocolate is just amazing and I can't even describe it...it is out of this world!! It's also HUGE if you order the one for 2 and could easily be split between up to 4 people. My fiance has ordered different things here and was sometimes disappointed, but I always get the burger and I'm ALWAYS happy. This time he got the triple decker grilled cheese and tomato soup. Both were REALLY good! They also have excellent sweet potato fries that I get everytime.. . This is just such a cute place that is so whimsical and fun! I will say some of it is a little pricey, but I don't mind paying it. Also, there is ALWAYS a wait here...which is kind of annoying because there are also always empty tables. I don't understand why they don't just staff the place out all the time since people are always waiting to get in. . . I will continue to make it one of my must-have places.
Came here did the hype thing again. Anyways the place is ADORABLE. I just think that the checkered floors, pretty sculptures, fixtures, etc were the cutest. I came here with 5 other girls and i felt like we were having a little tea party. I shared the Crabcake salad and the ABC burger- avocado bacon and cheese. The food made my mouth water, like a food orgasm, We all shared the frozen hot chocolate after and it was like a chocolate milk shake i guess- It was good too. Get it if you a baller and want some chocolate.
Decided to eat here one day because we stayed at Caesar's palace and wanted to see whats up with their frrrozen hot chocolate :D.. . Food: damn delicious. i cant really say that you get your moneys worth because some items on the menu aren't really money's worth in quantity but in quality i can absolutely say yes. the reason being so is because i went with my dad and sister. i ordered the ribs expecting a full rack of ribs but nope all that was given were three, and ill repeat three, beef rib bones. they were meaty. enough to keep you on a single bone for a couple of minutes. small fries and a small slaw was given as well. i can say that i was somewhat full. so that made up for it. my dad ordered the forgot the name but it was a steak sandwich. the steak was absolutely perfect. it also had 3 sunny side eggs and a strips of bacon. oh and i was on two half loaves of french baguette. so that's pretty darn huge. it was good but after a while you kind of get tired of chewing. my sister ordered an appetizer because she wasn't that hungry. she got the wings. they give you 10 pieces of hot wings. the dipping sauce was bleu cheese but she swapped it for ranch. im not a fan of spicy food but i tried it anyways. i know this place makes their food fresh in all but honestly it felt like i was eating hot wings from Costco. so nothing special. After that we tried their all famous frrrozen hot chocolate for two. for the price of 15 it was well worth it. just imagine hot chocolate but in a mocha form. all  of their frrrozen hot chocolates cost the same. they have a variety of different kinds so we got the white chocolate one. it was damn good. the next time i come here im trying something different.. . service: is damn excellent. i mean every time i would ask for something such as more water or a knife or something i would always get the "right away boss" "here you go boss" its nice to hear that but i gotta give it to them because not every restaurant does that. Our waiter was nice. cleaned our tables. picked up our empty plates. etc... there were times when the place would be crowded so they would forget  what i asked for but its understandable.. . Location: this is vegas by the way so i can really say anything about where its placed. i mean shoot lucky we stayed at ceasers cause i gotta say parking was a bitch. i mean pedestrians not caring about traffic walk signs is one thing but having everyone turn into the same place is hell enough. as i stated, luckily we stayed at Caesar's palace. we just walked over .. . Side note: we were seated rather quickly, but this is random cause there are times when there are a couple of tables open and there are times when every table is occupied.. - they also have a wide range of desserts too. From gigantic sundaes that can feed a family of four to a banana split where the bowl or whatever that hold it all together can be barely seen.
Seriously, i love this place. I go here every single time I'm in Vegas. I love that it's on the strip. Only downside... long wait with inconsistent rules regarding reservations. My sister called on saturday reserving for 2 at 12:30 pm, I called right after for a 12:30 reservation for 2 as well so that my fiance and I could ride with them and sit separately. They told my sister yes, but told me that they do not take reservations unless it is 2-3 hours in advance. ODD. Other than that, the entrees are good, pricey- but large so i feel you get your money's worth. The true good thing about this place is the deep fried oreo sundae!!! one & only!
This restaurant is located directly on the strip. It has an upscale Applebees feel. The desserts looked so good, lots of sundaes, I wanted to skip dinner.. . Our waiter was pleasant, but seemed too busy. It took him a very long time to bring drinks. . . The food was good, not phenomenal, but not at all bad. I had the house made veggie burger. It was made of mostly grains (rather than beans). The sweet potato fries were good, notgreasy, but could have been warmer. The steak fries were awesome.. . My boyfriend and I shared a frozen hot chocolate. It was good, but I am not sure it really warranted the $11 price tag (no alcohol) for a regular size. . . I would go back here intentionally for a sundae.
The BF and I endured the 35 minute wait to grab desserts here. We didn't get a chance to try the location in New York so I didn't want to miss out again. The restaurant is right in front of Caesar's and was packed! There's also a to-go section in the back patio with a long line as well. We ordered the strawberry sundae with roasted walnuts and a frozen hot chocolate. My sundae was oh so delicious, I just wished my cup would magically refill itself when I got close to finishing it. The strawberries were fresh, the ice cream was delicious and the walnuts were still warm when I took my last bite. Richard's frozen hot chocolate was yummy too, his was topped with chocolate coffee beans. For the sake of my wallet and waistband, I wouldn't visit this place frequently but it's a nice treat every once in awhile. Our total for the two items, tax and tip came out to about $30.
I had the $11 dollar Frozen Hot Chocolate, it was a bit rich until you mixed in the whip  cream and the crunchy chocolate shavings. Fortunately, we went in early on New Years Day and there was no line.  We got our drinks and left in 5 minutes. . . I think if we had some of the food and went there during the middle of the day this review would be different.  But for the shakes it was perfect.
I must have been really hungry this weekend but you know i really enjoyed the food at Serendipity.. . I shared the 10 oz steak sandwich with 3 sunny eggs, and bacon. It was HUGE. Delicious. The only thing... there could have been little more flavor. I should have put a dash of salt. the bread was a bit hard, scrapping the roof of my mouth. I wish they provided more fries though. It was kinda small and skimpy. Also ordered the original frozen chocolate for two for $15 dollars. It was good. When they ask if you want marshmallows on it don't say yes unless you are willing to pay a dollar for it. They tricked us! The frozen hot chocolate was awesome. I loved it. Rich but excellent with the whip cream. Never been to the one in New York but i'm sure it is just as good. . . -Give it a try! YOLO. EAT!. . p.s. there is usually a wait. i think after 2pm it isn't too bad.
Frozen hot chocolate.. It's not a milkshake, it's not a frosty, and it's not a malt. . . But it is the best reason to come here. If the wait is too long, use the take-out window and get yours to go. And try not to pay attention to the $10 price tag of a regular size, which even by Vegas standards is exorbitant.
it's always overwhelming when i come here. . . everything just feels so massive! like i'm gonna have a heart attack! it's good american food, but i can see why people can gain a lot of weight eating food like this everyday! haha, no offense. . . everything i've ever gotten here, i had to share. the BLT, the potato skins, buffalo wings, nachos, and i forget what else i've gotten. but if you're here, you definitely have to try the frozen hot chocolate! so yummy. and i've tried the frozen white chocolate. that was good too, but i say, share food with your friends and desserts too...that way you can try a bit of everything!
I wanted my first time to be in NYC, but I still had a great time at Serendipity 3 in LV.  I guess there's always a wait no matter what city you're in.  They only take RSVP 2 hrs. in advance at the earliest.  It was very windy the day my group and I went & everyone who waits, has to wait outside.  There was only 1 heat lamp next to the outdoor hostess (which you're not able to stand next to, but that doesn't matter b/c you can barely feel the heat since there is a tube around the stream of fire - probably for the drunkards who might decide to actually touch the flame).  . . ANYWAYS,  once we got seated indoors, the atmosphere seemed very open and whimsical-like.  The menus were HUGE & I was having a hard time trying to decide on what to chow down on.  Our waiter helped me with that and I went with the Crab Cake Burger.  Once it arrived it looked AMAZING and it tasted just that.  It came with a side of fries (I ordered steak) & a really yummy dipping sauce.  The burger came with arugula and bacon, too!  YUM!  Unfortunately, I didn't have enough room for the Frozen Hot Chocolate :/  But I did manage to try a spoonful from my friend and it just reminded me of chocolate ice cream or chocolate ensure.  EH.  However, I'm willing to give the frozen hot chocolate another try... one day.  I would definitely come back for their Crab Cake Burger though!  . . Food my friends ordered - The Hangover Omelet (HUGE), The Sliders (comes w/ 3 of them & they look like nothing, but they apparently filled her up, but she had to order a side of fries), The Grilled Cheese which came with a side of tomato soup w/ goldfish sprinkled on top - cute (she said the sandwich was REALLY GOOD), and The Chicken Strips (comes w/ 3 dipping sauces).. . The food IS on the pricey side, but the portions are huge.
I came here two out of the four nights I was in Las Vegas, THAT'S how good it was.. Their lettuce wrapped chicken was perfect, I wouldn't change anything about it! The other meal I ordered was a sandwich with prosciutto, mozzarella, etc. it was large enough for two people to share, and SO tasty!. The indoor seating was nice and cutely decorated, and the outside had heat lamps around each table which made it a nice atmosphere.
Frozen hot chocolate...yummers!
I must say, the portions are huge.  We had a party of six and ordered six different entrees. It was way too much food.  I had the French toast and it was delicious.  I would recommend coming here for breakfast because we weren't very impressed by the lunch menu.
I met some friends here for lunch during the holidays.  Although there was a rather long wait, the atmosphere was worth it!  We sat out on the patio which was nice since they had heaters making it comfortable even in December.  My husband and I shared the nachos for an appetizer and the buffalo chicken pizza.  The nachos had huge chunks of chicken which were delicious!  The buffalo chicken pizza definitely had a kick to it but since we are obsessed with buffalo sauce we loved it.  We also had the signature Frrrrozen hot chocolate and it was delicious.  We will definitely be heading back!
Never been to the one in New York but have seen many many pictures from friends who have been there. When I saw it in Vegas, I knew I had to try it! And I'm glad I did!. . I got the chicken pot pie and the boyfriend got a burger and the sweet potato fries. Loved my chicken pot pie. Boyfriend loved the sweet potato fries. And of course we had to try the frozen hot chocolate. AWESOME idea because it was DELISH! I'm not a big fan of chocolate so it's not very often that I would like chocolate things. But I do like hot chocolate and am now a fan of Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate. I would order something to eat with the frozen chocolate though, it can get a bit sweet after a while. So you need something to pair it with to help neutralize the sweetness.. . But yum! Would go back again! And definitely looking forward to going to the one in NYC when I get the chance!
Glad I don't have to go all the way to NY for a frozen hot chocolate. Yes the name sounds ironic but it is what it sounds like. Hot chocolate but frozen. . . I noticed they had other flavors which I'll haveto try when I go back. The best thing about this place is, it's outside and has Togo service!. . Don't have to go thru the trouble of getting thru a casino to get this dessert drink.. . Located at the CP's casino.
Had to give the frozen hot chocolate a try. It was pretty damn good. We had it on a cold day in Vegas, so I know I need to get it again on a hot day. The size of the drink is monstrous! . . Maybe I'll have a meal here next time!
The BEST part was the frozen hot chocolate! I had to control myself in preventing a brain freeze but I couldn't help it.. . They serve brunch, lunch, and dinner. They have a variety of foods that range from spaghetti and meatballs to barbecued pork ribs. They are very popular for their over sized desserts. I have tried their classic sundaes and their very popular frrrozen hot chocolate. Yes, frozen and hot. I know...it's weird, but you just have to try it to understand it. It's a very interesting drink that tastes like cocoa in hot chocolate, but it's cold and consistent to a strawberry daiquiri. Very unique, indeed. The bartender who made our frozen hot chocolate was very friendly  which is always a plus. . . I think it's pretty convenient that they have a take out counter outside. The wait for getting a seat in the actual restaurant usually takes between 30 minutes to an hour, but there is plenty of seating in the surrounding areas to indulge in chocolatey goodness. With all the glitz and glamor of Vegas, this is a simple and fantastic dessert to have during your stay. i suggest coming early to beat the lunch rush. . . 1 star off for having overpriced food and drinks
I went there w/ high expectations of the frozen hot chocolate.  I mean, it was one of Oprah's favorites.  It has to be good, right? It was good, not great.   Maybe it had something to do w/ sitting outside in 50 degree weather with a heat lamp next to us that didn't work.  . . Let's just say Leo, the best waiter ever, made everything better.  He recommended the hot chocolates.  Please do yourselves a favor and be sure to order the hot  chocolate.  It's aahhhmazing! . . All three of us ordered the hangover omelets.  Let's just say Leo questioned what we did the night before.  The omelets came with french fries, bacon and mushrooms.  All INSIDE!! And a side of fries.  OMG! The omelets were just okay.  It ended up being a french fry omelet.  . . Definitely the highlight was our hot chocolate and Leo.  If you go there and wonder if you see Leo.  Let's just say he's the waiter that's hustling to make sure all of his tables have drinks, food and the best part...dessert.
I don't need to go to NY anymore for frozen hot chocolate! I've failed in coming here over 15 times I came to Vegas. I came here strictly for dessert. Talk about a sugar rush! It gave me the energy to walk around the strip, and then I crashed in the room. It's ok. It was worth it! I came here around 3 and the wait was over 45 minutes!. . Decor:. Looks like it was decorated by females for females. White walls with a souvenir shop consisting of hello kitty, domo, and other dolls. . . Dessert:. 1) Signature Frozen Hot Chocolate - It's ok here. I've tried the one in NY and it's definitely not as good here. I'm pretty sure the other flavors are much better than the original.. . 2) Hazelnut Amaretto Frozen Hot Chocolate - If you like the almond hazelnut amaretto flavor, this is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. If you're not familiar with the flavor, you'll become a fan. It wasn't too icy and it was perfectly blended.  It was a little sweet because of the whipped cream. I guess I should've requested no whipped cream.  I wish I had more room in my stomach for dessert!. . Service:. Good and friendly service. All the staff members were very friendly and willing to help everyone out. . . If the wait is long, eat something quick inside Caesars and come back in time for your name to be called.
Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-um!. . I rarely walk the strip in Vegas. I rarely venture out before sunset. LOL. In Vegas.. . This time, awake and surprisingly not hung over, I was able to venture outside of City Center and explore a bit. Met my two bf's for mimosas and a late lunch. . . Our server was a super cool SF transplant. She checked on us often and kept the mimosa splits coming! I ordered the hearty chicken pot pie and tried the blackberry/peachmojito. Refreshing!. . Weather was mild and pleasant for Jan but the outdoor patio heaters kept us warm and cozy. 3-4 hours and $100 each later, we were ready to head back to CC and take a pre-party nap. . . Food was yummy and filling and I think I'll come back if I visit with kids. This place is a huge dessert themed restaurant so if you have a sweet tooth, the famous Frozen Hot Chocolate is a delicious treat for those chocholics out there!
Adorable place with a wide selection of food and their signature frozen hot chocolate.. . Came here with my friends during our Vegas trip because we wanted something small to eat before dinner (we planned on going to a buffet later on), but this turned out to be a huge detour for our stomachs and our plans - we were so full that none of us wanted to eat dinner when the time came!. . For lunch, I got the chicken strips (buffalo style - with buffalo sauce and celery/carrots with dip - was only $1 extra!) appetizer and was EXTREMELY full. I definitely recommend coming here with an empty stomach, because the food is delicious and comes in huge portions.. . My friends and I also got the frrrozen hot chocolates. I got the coffee one, but it didn't taste like coffee at all! My friend got a mint one that tasted really good. I think they're good but I'm not sure if the drinks are worth the price of $12 a person - they just taste like icy milkshakes? Hard to explain I guess. It's worth a try but I wouldn't order it repeatedly. . . The wait here is also very long - we came at like 2:30pm on a Sunday and we had to wait about 45 min just to get a seat. Come back and check very often - sometimes they just skip over you if you're not there.
Nice spot, we went here our first night in vegas, lots of good choices for food. Every time I asked my girl where she wanted to go eat she said here. LOTS of food, big portions, you will get full. She had the fettuccini alfredo, I had the spaghetti and meat balls, both yummy, and we were too stuffed to try dessert.  The hostess was a little attitude-y but the waiter was great. Worth trying when you can decide where to go.
Ee cha for mikes bday. . great place for chicks... this one has a great view of the strip... cool hang out
Came for breakfast with a larger group - be sure to call ahead because the line gets pretty ridiculous for brunch!. . I went with the Huevos rancheros , and it was delicious, however the portion size was significantly smaller than the other dishes ordered - not a big complaint by any means, but if you are starving might want to consider something else.. . Saw the Hangover omelet,  filled with fries, and just about everything else you would want after night of drinking!. . Also the french toast LOG, yes, a giant loaf of bread prepared as french toast, was also great. . . And if you order the "sausage" its basically bratwurst, also pretty good.. . Overall was a great filling meal, and good location to just about everything so if you are just starting off your day, this is a great place. . . As everything else in vegas, its expensive, but thats to be expected.  Overall, good, and would go again.
Try the central park omelet, it was delish!  The service was very good and fast.
well, the steak that i ordered was good, the nachos is super large and really delicious. however, the frozen hot chocolate is good but not as good as i expected to be.
Although thisplace is known for their sundaes, we ordered their crab & spinach dip and spaghetti & meatballs! Both dishes were really good! Other than the noise level being echoed at times, customer service was great! Definitely coming back! NOTE: restroom is located outside by the double doors.
i'll just break it down really quick.. . we ordered:. . frozen hot chocolate: delish! it was so good i wanted to order another one.. . oreo milk shake: eh' i've had better. . . empire state onion rings (i think they're called): super good. the batter is really good and i usually don't even like onion rings! . . foot long hot-dog with nacho cheese: i was kind of disappointed. the hotdog was huge indeed, but it lacked flavor & the cheese was kind of cold.. . crab cake burgers: never trying this again. . . our waiter though, was amazing. he was so nice & funny!!
I'm addicted to Serendipity 3's frozen hot chocolate.. . I've had the kobe sliders, crab cake salad, thai beef salad, caesar salad, seasonal ahi taco appetizers. I love them all but the kobe sliders are always a must have for me.They are so cute and remind me of crabby patties off of Sponge Bob. The crab cake salad is my favorite of them all, the crab cake is really moist and creamy. Another one of my must have appetizer is their ahi tuna tacos, but they're only seasonal. It's raw chunks of tuna with a sweet salsa on mini hard shell tacos. . . Every time I come to Vegas, I have to stop by. The restaurant is super cute and makes me feel like I'm in my dream play house. The service is always great. The only bad thing about Serendipity 3 is the wait to be seated and the prices are a bit pricey, but hey you're in Vegas.
What can I not say about this place?? I know that this place is mostly known for its desserts, but since I'm not a big dessert fan, I think it's important to point out the underestimated food. . . The food is pretty decent, and I usually only come here for one...or two reasons. I absolutely LOVE their "Don't Drop Your Skirt" steak. It's a skirt steak with chimichurri sauce. Whatever marinade they're using for that skirt steak is divine. What makes this dish better though is if you pair it with their truffle mac & cheese. If you're going with one other person, the best thing to do is order both and share it. Let me tell you, it's worth it. Everytime I bring someone here, we won't order anything else. . . They have a full bar inside and they're also known for their mojitos, which are very good. I recommend the blueberry peach mojito!! Be careful though, they tend to use so much mint that it can get stuck in your straw. . . The reason why I did not give this place the full five stars is because the service is a hit or miss. I understand that they're a busy place but our waiter took so long to ask us for drink orders, forgot our drinks, and then didn't even check on us during our meal. He also took so long with our checks. And stuff like that happens usually happens whenever I'm there. . . Other than the service, this is a place you definitely must try whenever you're in Vegas. Whenever my friends are in the area, we always make it a point to come here!
good service and large portions of food during brunch =] we had a minor hiccup when my friend got a over cooked steak sandwich but it was quickly taken care of and the manager came out to see how we were doing afterwards. AND she took it off the bill which was so nice! =]
Another round with S3 and still a satisfied customer. Their Triple Decker Grilled Cheese with tomato soup was incredible, not to mention cheesy. NOM. I also liked their Mac & Cheese with pancetta bacon. I'll have to get a full order for myself the next time, and of course their frozen hot chocolate. Sharing is strictly optional with me on that one. I can put it away all by myself, thanks. And if the frozen hot chocolate is the only thing you're craving, take advantage of their window at the side of the restaurant and order one to go.
Not hype LOL! This place was great!  Once we arrived, the girl at the front desk said there was about a 20 minute wait and we waited over and hour for what we felt was going to be overpriced food.  I ordered the Hangover Omelet no bacon sub avocado.  My friend and I were happy as they did substitutions here.  We had gone to another cafe at the Aria that was not as willing to accommodate to their customer's needs, but that is another review.  As soon as my omelet came out I was blown away, it was the size of my head and super yummy!  I have to admit I really wanted to try a sundae, but since we couldn't even finish our meals that didn't end up happening.  Next time :)
Love this place! . . Came here specifically for dessert. Comes in this huge bowl of ice cream, enough to share amongst three people (or maybe three tiny asians haha). Ordered the green tea and the peanut butter and it was soooo good! . . a bit overpriced (i think it was like $11 bucks? for one mug of ice cream, but it IS vegas...expect a wait time to be seated.
You know how i like my 10 oz NY strip? With 3 eggs over easy, 4 slices of assorted cheese, and 6 slices if bacon. And put on a loaf of garlic bread and call it a sandwich, even though it would be physically impossible to pick it up.... . Oh hello!
I had made reservations for 11:00am a few days before we went to Las Vegas to make sure we did not have to wait in line.  We arrived at 10:45am in the chance we could get seated early and saw there were quite a few tables open.  There were people waiting outside to get in as they were walk-ups and had placed their name on the waiting list.  We saw table after table fill up with walk-ins, even seating a couple that had just walked up to the hostessthat moment and were seated before us.  After 11:00am, I checked in with the hostess again about our request for seating outside with a view of the strip, and I was told I would be seated sahortly. Five minutes later, we were eventually seated outside with the view, which was very pleasant, along with the weather.  From that point on, the experience was great. We ordered the grilled artichoke with remoulade, an order of the pank crusted mac and cheese with truffle oil, sweet potato fries, and the double frozen hot chocolate for two.  The food was very good, much better than I expected. The artichokes were seasoned and grilled nicely, with a nice smokey flavor, and plenty of yummy dipping sauce. The macaroni was rich and decadent which the kids said was the best ever. The sweet potato fries came in this cute little [ail, and were crispy and well done.  The frozen hot chocolate was as good advertised, with whipped cream and pieces of chocolate in the drink.  The waitress service was friendly and efficient and provided our family with a great experience after a rough start.
The chicken fingers are so amazing!! Of course, the frozen hot chocolate is beyond amazing! Great views and fun atmosphere!!
I have been here a few times with friends when we visit Vegas and my only complaint is the wait!! The service has always been great especially the last time we went and were served by Leo!! He was very attentive and funny!! I have pretty specific dietary restrictions and they were very accomodating!! I will definitely be back in the future!!!
We are locals and have been wanting to come here for a long time. This is a windy city - I woild have rated 5 stars if they had some kind of insolated waiting area. Prices pretty good for the generous serving sizes.  I had the skirt steak - perfectly medium rare and tender! My vegetarian husband was thrilled - quite a few choices for him. My picky son happy that they had pizza. The frozen hot chocolate a bit skimpy (looks bigger due to huge dollop of whipped cream on top) - overpriced but yummy.
Pricey but good.  We only had dessert here, but given how impressed we were with that aspect of this place, we will probably make it a point to come back here to try the rest of their menu.. . As others have said, it's probably best to order at the window.  The line moved fairly quickly, which is more than can be said (according to other reviewers) about trying to get a seat inside the restaurant.
Out of the 4 days we stayed here, we came here twice! The frozen hot chocolate is AWESOME!!! Its the most delicious drink for chocolate lovers ever! The food here was tasty as well, I got the crab cake sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was heaven, not heavy at all. The ribs were also good and HUGE, it really looks like a bone from a dinosaur. The lines can become a 2 hour wait for a table and the to-go window doesn't serve much food so its best to call for a reservation.
I was hesitate to try this place due to some bad recommendations from my friends.. but I'm glad I did! The main dining room is pretty small compared to how massive this place looks from the outside. We came here for lunch on a Sunday and the wait was roughly 30-40 mins. This wasn't bad since I was expecting the wait to be over an hour, plus we went to the garden next to the place and did some exploring.. I think the food here is a hit or miss. My boyfriend and I tried one of their pizzas & omelette with sweet fries, both of which were delicious! One of my friend however, ordered the chicken pot pie and she said it was pretty dry.. Since we were here, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to try their infamous frozen hot chocolate. We got the almond flavored frozen hot chocolate sprinkled with walnuts (extra $1 charge). My boyfriend didn't think it was worth it but I sure did!! It wasn't super sweet nor bland, but was the perfect amount of goodness for me. . I will definitely come back to this place the next time I visit Vegas :D. . Oh! There's also a to-go area if you just want to stop by for a drink or dessert and not dine in.
For the long line and slow service, its 5 stars rating is reduced to 4. . We had their famous frozen hot chocolate and finished it before you can spelled the 'super yummy delicious'.
Back when I lived close to NYC, I lost my chance to try Serendipity. Tragic, I know. Since then, I have imagined many times what the super famous Frrrrrrrozen Hot Chocolate could taste like and how it could maybe blow my mind and forever change my life as I know it. . . I was pleasantly surprised to find Serendipity in Vegas and giddily waited in line for their "to-go" window outside. I was only interested in slurping up the aforementioned, coveted drink, so not going inside didn't damper my mood too much. (There was a GIANT crowd waiting to be seated, by the way.) My mom and I shared the one for two, and considering the ginormous size and deliciousness, I'd say I was OK with its somewhat hefty $15 price tag (including tax). I should mention that it was particularly cold on this evening - around 47F and extremely windy - but despite the cold that probably warranted a steaming cup of hot chocolate, I was more than willing to sacrifice my temporary chill to finish off the drink.. . I wish they'd build one down in Atlanta. Until then, I'll think about how awesome it might be inside...
Good place for casual, not too expensive dining around the area.. . The entree menu is kinda all over the place, so I had trouble determining what the "must have" item here is, aside from the frozen hot chocolate, which is not an entree (but yea, try that).  Had myself a Reuben, and it totally hit the spot!
Total tourist trap, super overpriced,but actually good. Reservations are a must for parties of 4 or more on weekends, especially if you don't want to wait 2 hours for a table.  I've been to the one in New York and didn't actually have anything except frozen hot chocolate, but here we ate a super delicious dinner, and I had one of the best Mac and cheese dishes I've ever had. Seriously recommend, it was $16 but totallllyyyyy worth it.  Grilled artichokes were also good but nothing special, and of course the frozen hot chocolate delivered its greatness.  We had the original, chocolate with mint, and the oreo one. The Oreo one was blech, weird consistency and too sweet.  The other two were really good.  Service was slow and our food was really slow to come out, but I'd come back here.  It's Vegas, you're supposed to pay a lot for mediocrity!
It was a nice, casual place for a bite to eat.  The frozen chocolate is a must try, it's the hype.  It was good.  And the hamburgers are larger than life, enough to spilt with a friend if you want but a great hangover recovery choice :)  . . Cute, reminded me of like a ice-cream store salon place.
5 Stars for the frozen hot chocolate!  4 stars for the service.  3-4 stars for the food at dinner time. But definitely get the frozen hot chocolate.  I was a virgin.  Tried it.  And now I can say I want it.  Again.  and again. and again.
We stopped by here for a late-night treat last week.  The ice cream sundae was everything a classic ice cream sundae should be, with hot fudge that was unusually delicious.  We also tried the oft-mentioned frozen hot chocolate, and it was very tasty (though we can't agree if it was better or worse than the hot fudge sundae).. . We had no complaints about the full bar, either.  Why not wash down that ice cream with some rum and coke?!?  (aren't you here on vacation, anyway!?!). . I also got points added to my Total Rewards card for going here!
Did the walkup order window; I got my cheddar jalapeno bacon pretzel quickly, no problem!  It was good, no complaints.  A friend got the giant donut, which we all tried.  The chocolate was awesome and the donut was sugary goodness.  We couldn't finish it.  Others got ice cream and really liked it.  Another friend got fries and it took FOREVER.  She must have waited 1/2 hour for the fries.  We sat in the covered area behind the walk up window, enjoyed our treats.  Overall I liked it, but some in our group had some problems with the slow service.
Giant sundaes, frozen Hot Chocolate and great mixed drinks, what more is there to say?  oh yeah, the menu has creative names and descriptions.  Great place for people watching or starting a spontaneous love quest with a five dollar bill and a book. (Movie reference).  . . I just wish the main courses were better.  I guess after watching food network for so long I should realize that Chefs who make good deserts are not the best cooks and vice versa.  The main dishes are mediocre.  Another overpriced location that makes up for the cost with the fabulous deserts.  Suggestion, eat dinner somewhere else, then come here for desert and sight seeing.
Serendipity 3 is an experience for any and everyone.  A great place in Las Vegas to bring your date, child or husband/wife.  Its subtly romantic while maintaining a very interesting Vegas vibe.  There must be some sort of secret no Douchebag's allowed rule because you wont find it here.  No old guys still wearing Ed Hardy (or even worse trying to be cool with a blazer and jeans.... come on guys that is so 2002, put on some slacks.).  But know, Serendipity 3 is a Vegas attraction so be prepared to pay accordingly.. . THE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE - is amazing.  Absolutely amazing actually, it is no fluke that so many people enjoy it.  It is everything you imagine and more.  I compare it to an experience of eating a Jelly Bean and saying to yourself "OMG this popcorn jelly bean does taste like popcorn".  I'm not sure why I didn't expect the frozen hot chocolate to taste like well, frozen hot chocolate.... but it did.  This is a must try, repeatedly.. . 2 FOR 1 MARGARITAS - OK, I'm not exactly sure what creative genius decided to pair dessert and margaritas but they did... and boy am I thankful.  For one the Margaritas are LARGE and in charge.  AND, yes there is more... they actually have liquor.  Most of the time there is so much of that limey mix and no tequila... not here, they give you your monies worth.. . BURGER - While I was last there I had the burger on the brioche bun,  Mmmmmm that bun was so buttery and delicious.  Although I want to try the hot dog next time.. . . Before the check comes take a deep breath and another swig of Margaritas.... like I said don't forget you are in Vegas.
I always tell anyone heading to Vegas to make a stop at Serendipity. Everyone needs to try their frozen hot chocolate at least once. And it's a F R O Z E N hot chocolate. . . I haven't tried their food, since every time my girls and I go, the wait is so long that our hangovers just can't stand to wait that long. . . My review is based on the desserts. When I go back in August, I'll see about waiting in that long ass wait time.
Had the most fabulous Sundae here.  It had several flavors of ice cream (including coffee yummmm), an entire piece of peanut butter pie, chocolate fudge, and whipped cream and it required no less than four of us to eat all of it.  Probably the best sundae I've ever had.. . Had a great selection of food and I loved the fun decor.  I was a bit disappointed in my burger (brie and avocado should have been fabulous, but feel a little bit tasteless and flat), but the portions were nice and the fries were good.
Mmmmm .... Frrrozenen hot chocolate .... is the only thing worth getting here. They have two sizes. Find a buddy and share the larger one because it's a way better deal. If YOLO (You Only Love Oreos) you're in for a treat! Because they have an oreo flavor one and it's deeeeeelicious! And they close at 1am! The perfect dessert for the end of the day.
The frozen hot chocolate is the reason to come here.  Not so much if you're diabetic, but it's thick, it's rich and full of deliciously sweet, chocolatey goodness.  You can't get a table if that's all you're getting and not ordering food though, so sit at a bar or take it to go and drink it next to the nearby outside bar and have a drink with your friends.  Great for a hot Vegas day (or night)
Basically we stopped in to get the Frozen Hot Chocolate to go.  . . With a menu item like this, how could one possibly pass it up?  . . It was delicious, and lived up to the name.  . . Buyer beware:  The portion "for two" is enough for four people and costs more than lunch does in Boston.
looveeed my dessert!! :) i forgot what it is called but its some kind of red velvet with ice cream...lol.  i haven't tried the "famous" frozen hot chocolate yet..so next time.. :) it was packed and service was slowwwww. i was thirsty and water wasn't filled -.-
I would highly recommend not to order lunch or dinner if you plan on having a dessert.  I really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate but by the time I finished my salad, I was too stuffed to order it.  My mom was smart and only ordered dessert (vanilla and chocolate sundae with chocolate cake).   It was huge and although I'm not an ice cream person, I tried the chocolate cake in her sundae which was delicious.  The restaurant looks a little run down and we were sitting so close to the next table that I kept jamming my chair into the person's chair sitting behind me, but if you are looking for dessert on a hot Vegas day/night this is the place to go.  It's located near Cesar's palace and is easily accessible by numerous hotels.
Why am I writing a review for this place? no one's going to read it.. . But hey try not to get stuck sitting outside. It's hot as hell, and the automatically timed cooling fans spray water in your face and food.. . but Their food is so amazing... i can't hate them for that. I tried the crab cake benedict and although it was a small portion, it was a heavy, rich small delicious portion.  The crab was very flavorful with the "hollandaise" sauce slightly sweet and rich.  I snatched some of my friends potatoes and dipped it in the left over sauce... soooo good.. . and HEY!!! don't leave without getting a frozen hot chocolate.  I ate so much last time, i didn't have any room left.  But it's like a hot chocolate flavor in a smoothie. but it's not so thick like a slurpee, so you can still sip with ease.  Very delicious and is a must get.  They have different flavors as well, and i heard the orrreo frrrrozen hot chotolate is pretty good too.
What could I possibly say that 1500 other people did not already say? What could I say that would make you trust or consider my opinion over others?. . Well first of all, I don't really have a big sweet tooth. I always say "no" to desserts and I think therefore am fortunate enough to never have braces *knock on wood*. So when I say that the frozen hot chocolate ($9 for the small) was actually pretty good, that must mean it is heaven to those dessert lovers. The chocolate chip flakes were so yummy with the whipped cream and cold "hot chocolate" flavor. Here's a pic, which reminds me of how delicious it was: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#lbKzskj0SKkZ5Ej18VA6_Q. . I also had big expectations for this place given that it's so popular, so giving 4 stars after those expectations mean that they have pretty much met them. The dessert was good, and even "The 'Hangover'" omelette I had was delicious. French fries, cheese, and mushrooms in an omelette? Consider my hangover cured!! I added onions which they charged an extra $1.00. I thought even the potato wedges were really good and well seasoned. But one thing I gotta mention... it was HUMONGOUS! I couldn't even finish half. I know I'm a small girl but my guy friend said he couldn't even finish it. This was about $12 so that's pretty good considering the huge portion. Pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#FVqYvZZwtpc_O5L7LAsolQ. . My friend had the fried egg benedict, which I didn't really like so much. I thought it had a weird taste, but my friend said it was ok. He thought it was really small at first, given only two pieces: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=_LMf6cTfbNqv6zSn6nUY6g#b4-wUWO8-XQgzuklUl7V3Q. But those biscuits are heavy and sauce is so rich that he got full and couldn't help me finish my giant omelette when he said he would damnit haha. Oh well, had lunch the next day figured out! =P. . The wait was an hour for two people, so I suggest walking to Caesar's Palace and grabbing a Fat Tuesday while you're waiting which was what we did :) . . and PS. if you order the frozen hot chocolate with your meals, the dessert comes first. So if you want it later, order it after you get your food! . . Hope this review was FUC (funny useful and/or cool) to add to the other 1500 reviews ;)
We went specifically so we could try the frozen hot chocolate for dessert but didn't have the room because the portions are huge.  I have never seen a bigger BLT.  That would have easily satisfied 2 of us.  The only cons are the fries (they were Luke warm/ old) and the music (it was just too loud even for the vibe).  Otherwise we can't wait to go back and leave room for the frozen hot chocolate.
Do not go here if on a diet as you will succumb to the amazing desserts which are way too generous. It is pricey but this is the Vegas Strip afterall.
You add 105 degrees Fahrenheit dry heat outside + their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate = FANTASTIC !. . WOA:. Food (particularly the Madame Butterfly) was delish, there's always a wait, be patient, worth it.
We order the bowl of chocolate goodness. and it was awesome and im not really a chocolate fan but it grow on me. Than we order crab burger and it was good not great. my wife order hamburger and it was great. Def will come back! the menu was very confusing tho had alot of going on
I was walking on the Strip with a friend when we decided that a frozen hot chocolate sounded good to cool off ourselves from the heat. By the time we reached Serendipity, it was close to dinner time so we were like, why not eat here as well? The place itself is very cutely decorated and has an outdoor seating option.. . We got the regular Frrrozen Hot Chocolate while our friends got the Frrrozen White Hot Chocolate with some sort of almond-ish flavor and they were both very good! The concept is weird, but it worked! If you like hot chocolate, I guarantee you will like this as well. . . My friend and I decided to split the Vegas Strip Steak Sandwich, which had a strip steak on top of a very big bun with veggies and THREE sunnyside eggs on top of it all. We were so glad we'd decided to split from the very beginning or else we would not have been able to finish one each. The sandwich tasted just as amazing as it had looked. The eggs were nicely cooked and the strip steak was juicy. . . Overall, YUM! Very worth our money! I would definitely visit this place again if I had the opportunity!
Yum!. . My boyfriend and I came here around 6pm for dinner and had a 25 minute wait. As soon as our table was ready, we got a text. Service was quick and polite.. . I had the LV burger with sweet potato fries and it was delicious!!!! Boyfriend had spaghetti and it was also delicious. The prices were definitely the more exorbitant Strip prices for food, but hey it's vacation. . . I was truly skeptical because the inside of the restaurant seemed kind of blah, but the food was really, truly delicious. I would come back again!
Oh Serendipity, how I long for you so.. . Hot as balls that day, of course we had to come here. My boyfriend raved about this place and so I had to see it for myself. Strikingly trendy, the decor was cutesy and retro. Cute marble tables, colorful stripes on the walls, the color pink incorporated into nearly everything, and comical poster sized menus.. . My boyfriend and I waited in line for about 10 minutes, then we were told that a table would be about 30 minutes. I said okay and the hostess told us that I'd get a text when our table was ready. 20 something odd minutes later, I received a text and we bolted for the door to Serendipity.. . We got our seats and we ordered. Just a late lunch snack consisting of a chicken quesadilla and a frozen hot chocolate for two. The quesadilla was just okay, I've had better at Chevy's. The frozen hot chocolate, however, was delicious. I want to make something clear, though, just so there is no confusion. The infamous frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity is not a hot/cold sundae (which is what I thought it was), but it is the hot chocolate that we all love and know so much in an icy, cold form. Perhaps they should rename it to a hot chocolate slushy?. . Serendipity, I will be back!
I'm a sweet tooth addict.  There, I've admitted it, I've proclaimed it to the world and honestly....I really don't feel better for doing so.  Now I don't really go out looking for something sweet but if something catches my eye, I have a really hard time saying no.  At Serendipity, it is their carrot cake.  It was looking at me, taunting me, telling me that I am not good enough to devour it's richy goodness.  Well HA!!  I got the last laugh as I gobbled this thing down like it was the last meal on earth.  Forks moving at light speed, crumbs flying, frosting being splattered on the patrons surrounding me.  It was a mess and it was all mine!!. . Lets be clear, this is not your ordinary piece of carrot cake.  It was huge and large enough to share.  Did I?  Of course not.  The cream cheese frosting is perfect in texture and a nice combination with moistness of the cake itself.  In hindsight, I could have done without the cake.  While good, the frosting is what makes it great!. . Serendipity also features a $1000 Golden Opulence Sundae.  This gem must be ordered 48 hours in advance and who has that kind of time?  I haven't a clue what they could possibly put in this thing that is worth that kind of bank but I wasn't about to find out.  Maybe I'm not the addict I thought?. . Serendipity offers plenty of other food choices as well but I've never tried that.  Who says you cannot have desert in place of dinner??
We had to wait over 30 minutes for a table and there were several empty tables.  The food portions are huge.  We ordered the Summer Bries and the LV Dog.  The Summer Bries was very delicious and we recommend trying it.  The LV Dog, although not a high quality hot dog was very good.  We went with another couple and among the three orders of fries at our table only one was fresh warm and delicious.  Two of us had to suffer with old, room temperature French Fries.. . The desserts on the other hand are out of this world and should be shared given their size.  We had the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate and it was HEAVENLY!  We highly recommend going to Serendipity for the dessert.  The dessert alone makes the wait well worth it!. . The wait staff- not overly friendly and lacking in enthusiasm.  We had to ask for our drinks to be refilled on several occasions.  Moderately priced, we spent about $50 before tip.. . Honestly, the dessert is carrying this rating!
We loved the frozen hot chocolate. (The regular one is much better than the mint version.) Orchard salad was great and the rest of the crew enjoyed their food as well. Busy location, that will text you when your table is ready.  Definitely worth a stop!
Came here for the first time with the GF because she specifically said that this was the one place she wanted to eat at while we were in Vegas.  The price is a little much but when you're well known it doesn't matter because you can do whatever you want.  The food was good, the price was a little scary.  You get what you pay for?. . I'd give this place 3.5 stars but there aren't half stars, and since we all learned that anything 5 and above round up....4 stars.
I'm on vacation in Las Vegas and since my family and I stopped by Cesar's Palace we decided to catch lunch and enjoy the world famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The wait for a table was 15 minutes, less than the quoted 40 minutes. Our table wait for drinks and food was more than I would have expected but our server (a native of Las Vegas) made up for the wait with wit and regular checking in. The outside seating is the ideal if you are interested in conversing with anyone or simply need some alone time and the mist fans cut away at the heat ; indoors the atmosphere is loud like a bar and this is where to sit if you need to escape those you came there with. The burgers we ordered were perfectly medium rare and the fries seasoned and crisp. My 16 year old daughter got her same Chicken and Iceberg Salad but didn't finish the chicken. The chicken could have been more moist but as a healthy choice this is her favorite when she comes here.. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was delish and we ordered 2 singles for four of us to share. . I'm sorry nice guy from Vegas who once house-sitted for his buddy in Florida...I wish I could remember your name.  My husband and me and our daughters enjoyed your hard work.
I love Serendipity 3! I make a point to stop by every time I am in Vegas.  . The food is big, but sharable.  The last time I was here, my mother and I split a pizza.  On previous trips I have had the grilled cheese sandwich, which is amazing, but HUGE.  And of course, you can not go wrong with the frozen hot chocolate (why would you come and not get that?). . I like the fact that the restaurant will text you when your table is ready.  I wish all restaurants did that.  On my last visit, we actually just wanted the window service but there was a long line and only ONE person working...taking orders then making the drinks, which is totally ridiculous so we decided to get a table.  Service was a little slow, but there the place was packed with large groups who were all ordering dessert, so I'll blame it on that.
This visit was on point with our last visit. It was defiantly more crowded than our previous visit but that was to be expected since we went later at night and just for dessert.. Per usual, the ice cream oriented dishes didn't disappoint. The frozen hot chocolate tasted a little off however. My wife described it as a tad chalkier than previous visits and the canned version (make at home version I should say).. . Service was good despite a busy night. Also, we were seated very quickly with only a few minute wait.. . It's worth a visit for dessert but i'd skip the food. Last time it was sub-par and not worth it.
The fun, colorful dining room marries well with Serendipity's selection of over-the-top food.  A foot-long hot dog? Yep, they have that.  Massive sundaes and chocolate drinks served in goblets?  Check.  We sampled the strawberry frozen hot chocolate, mint frozen hot chocolate, red velvet sundae, chicken chopped salad, nachos, and heirloom tomato salad.  Everything was very good.  Of the savory dishes, my favorite was the nachos because the tortilla chips were so light and crispy.  Of the sweet, I enjoyed the mint hot chocolate, though I thought it could use more mint flavor.  Service is cheerful and prompt.  Expect long lines and a wait, so try to make a reservation.
Went here for desert only, and Serendipity 3 did not disappoint. . . I walked in thinking I wanted a cookies and cream milkshake, which they did have on the menu. However, the ice cream sundaes looked so good, I had to reconsider my choice. . . I ended up ordering the deep-friend Oreo extravaganza, which included cookies and cream ice cream, whip cream, and that marshmelo sauce. My server wisely advised me to order the marshmello sauce on the side, because it is way to sweet in any sort of normal dose. The deep-friend Oreos were awesome, the seemed to be breaded in corn flakes. Seriously, it put the OC Fair to shame, and that is not easy to do in the deep frying department. . . My girlfriend ordered the "Can't Say No" sundae, which included humble pie (peanut butter on a graham cracker crust), peanut butter ice cream, coffee ice cream, and a banana. It was freaking awesome, and that humble pie stuff was great. . . I must say, the decor was a bit weird. It had sort of an Alice In Wonderland thing going on, including a clock painted on the wall the showed three-o-clock at all times. I suppose that is because this is Serendipity "3," but I am such a stickler about time that it annoyed me. They also had like signs on the wall from old gas stations and stuff. It just didn't match, and it didn't work. Maybe there was a point to it all, but if there was I missed it. . . So, this place is close to five stars (for desert anyway, we didn't order any other food) but not quite there. I would go back though.
Four star for the food and two for service!!  If you're familiar with Serendipity's in NYC..it won't disappoint, but the service was a little lacking.  Wait can be a little long during peak time. We were there around 4 pm and it was packed, but it was also very hot outside...summer is bad in Vegas!! So be prepare to wait. Outdoor and indoor seating available. Also have counter service; other side of the restaurant. Full bar.  It's located right outside of Caesars Palace!!. . Go if it's slow, but I would not wait in line for the food, there are plenty of places to eat and drink on the strip.. . A sundae can run you 13.00 and up!!
Cute place with a fun atmosphere. Great service. The food smelled wonderful. We had the frozen hot chocolate, which was rich and delicious! I'll go back and try the meals sometime soon!
Really good food! Came here with a group of people and shared our food so we were able to have a little of everything. Will come back next time!
I LOVE Serendipity 3.  I know that other reviewers are all salty about the long waits, the sometimes crappy service, the prices, etc., but I love it here.  I have never had anything bad here (The burgers, pizza, and grilled cheese are great...I dream about that grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Seriously.), the service has always been decent (even at the bar), the place is adorable, you can either sit indoors or out, AND you can choose to order from the restaurant or their takeout window.  Of course sitting outside is hot (IT'S THE DESERT, PEOPLE!), but you get a nice view of the strip for people watching and you get sat faster.  Plus?  Food is always better with crazy people smack talking.  Try it...I swear.  . I always make a trip to Serendipity when in Vegas and you should too.
The dessert was DELICIOUS. We had the frozen hot chocolate and a sundae. Both did not dissappoint. And the food was good, nothing memorable but nothing to complain about. You don't go there for the food though. We also got a coupon for a free frozen hot chocoalte w/ a purchase of a meal from our hotel. That made it even better!. . You defintely need a reservation. We did not  have to wait at all. Would go back!
I came here for the frozen hot chocolate! It was good but not slap your baby good. If you are really crazy try out their $1,000 sundae with edible gold! Ouhhhh fancy.
I had bookmarked the place and then decided not to go based on the reviews, but my friends wanted to celebrate a birthday there. In order to cut costs (we are all poor students!), we decided to split everything. It worked out perfectly! We had appetizer, entree, and two desserts! I paid about $18, which included tax and gratuity. I was full, but not overstuffed and I thought it was well worth it. We didn't try their famous frozen hot chocolate, but did have the banana split and got a red velvet chocolate sundae on the house. Both were delicious and totally satisfied my chocolate craving! Yummy yum yum.. . The onion rings weren't bad either. They were nice and crunchy. A friend and I shared the pesto italian pizza. It's a flatbread style pizza that's a decent size. If I were really hungry, I would've wanted it all to myself. The wait was about 30 mins. for a party of 8. Not bad.
Located in-front of Caesars Palace Las Vegas Hotel & Casino. This is a great place to pick up a quick refresher such as the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate (small). Sounds heavy, but it was mighty refreshing. And two other good things.. 1.) You can buy it at the express window. . 2.) You can sip it under a covered outdoor tent that is constantly spraying mist to cool down the temperature. . . If you can't fly to NY, this place is pretty good place to try Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, especially cause the weather is sooooooooo hot.
Both the food and service were great.  I would definitely go back on our next trip to Vegas.  Our servers went out of his way to get me the Ahi Salad knowing I couldn't eat the cilantro which is incorporated into the mix.   I was okay going with something else but he knew the Ahi was calling my name; he suggested trying it,  but with another spring mix.  It was appreciated.   Definitely get the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate; it's what put them on the map.
This place is known for the most expensive sundae in the world (which i will likely never try).  But for the rest of us paupers, the frozen hot chocolate is more like it.  You can order a single or for two.  Of course, the gf was with me and so we split the white chocolate.  A giant bowl of white chocolate shake is filled to the brim and topped with whip cream to match and sprinkled with white chocolate shavings.  It's on the rich side, but worth splurging. . . The food itself is on the pricey side, but why come here just for dessert.  I had the sliders, a good portion.  What makes it is the sauce.  If you have to take it to go, don't forget to ask for a side of the sauce.  Delicious.
Been wanting to try this place for the longest time and I'm glad I finally got the chance to!. . A group of friends and I came here because we were so undecided about what to do on a friday night since we were not clubbing. I keep hearing about the frozen hot chocolate and the $1,000 sundae and $69 hot dog! ( which I hope to try soon! ) . Since I didn't have $1,000 to splurge and I didn't hear about the hot dog until recently, I got the crab cakes which was good. It had a good amount of crabs and the sauce complimented the crab cakes very well. From the looks of it, a spoonful of salad with two good size of crab cakes didn't look like it would fill me up at all, but it did! I also got to try a proscuitto sandwich and that was also pretty good! The bread had a nice and soft texture, and the veggies were fresh. Their alfredo is also pretty good too!. . The one thing I didn't care too much for was their frozen hot chocolate. We got the popular flavor which was the peanut butter one with a shot of alcohol. ( I forgot what alcohol ) It was good, but I just feel like I was eating reese's peanut butter ice cream with alcohol and I could get that for 4 bucks a carton at albertsons and just add a shot of baileys to it. . . Overall, I had a nice experience and I would make my trip back here just to try the hot dog and the golden opulence sundae if I was ever ballin.
My friends and I were melting in the Vegas heat so we decided to cool off with a sundae and frozen hot chocolate. The line for take out was too long, even though it went by quickly, we didn't want to wait around in the heat. There were a lot of people ordering to go, then taking their desserts and food to tables nearby to eat but we wanted the whole "experience". . . We gave the hostess our name and phone number and she put it down in the ipad and quoted us about 25-30 minutes. We didn't wait that long at all, and when our table was ready they called our phone which was very convenient. We sat on the back patio, and surprisingly, it wasn't scorching hot at all. We ordered the CAN'T SAY NO Sundae, which came with a chocolate/peanut like brownie thing, bananas, vanilla, coffee ice cream, whipped cream, fudge and a cherry. Not only did it look good, it tasted amazing! The sundae was good enough for the 3 of us to finish. I had a sip of my friend's frozen hot chocolate and it was good at first but I got really sick of it after a bit. I think it could easily be made at home... but I'm not so sure. I feel that it only looks nice, and probably tastes so good is because of the ton of whipped cream they put on top. It was literally as big as our can't say no Sundae. . . We didn't try the food, which I regret because the food looked soooooo pretty. We saw a salad served in a coconut and the hot dogs looked good, I'm not so sure about the taste but I'll try that the next time I'm there.
Frozen hot chocolate! What a concept. Obviously, being the yelper that I am, I decided to give it a try. My 2 friends and I shared one (the one for two people) and it was the perfect size for an afternoon snack. The frozen hot chocolate was good and kind of did taste like frozen hot chocolate. I would definitely give this place a try if you've never had frozen hot chocolate before! and its also really refreshing on a hot day!
Let's be real. This place is heaven on Earth. If you don't have time to sit and enjoy the experience, def. do the to-go line outside, but I won't lie, you will probably find yourself waiting/spending the same time outside as you would have to be seated and served indoors. . . This place reminds me of a real life Mary Poppin's extravaganza. The food is fun, whimsical, and overly delicious. The Frozen Hot Chocolate is HUGE and to die for: served with two straws for sharing (awwwwweeee) and a big pile of whip cream on top! #winning . . Come hungry and bring money - while it is delish, it is also overpriced, but hey! You are on vacation and YOLO and all of that other stuff.
went here for breakfast one sunny morning, got there early and glad i did! the place was packed about 20 minutes after we arrived.  delicious coffee, best i have ever had.  it was packed with cinnamon and nutmeg. soooo yummy.  i ordered the fried eggs benedict and i gotta say that it was the best damn thing i have ever tasted!!!!  i am still salivating....  cant wait to go back.
If you're looking for a cute-sy place to try at a great location on the Strip (in front of Caesar's Palace) this place should make your list. Yes it's expensive and probably overpriced but what place on the Strip isn't? The wait is pretty crazy but, I did get a kick ass table outside on the patio with an amazing view and great service! The frozen hot chocolate was amazing, lets be honest, but I couldn't come close to finishing it because the drink is so huge! My friend and I had a fun time chatting, enjoying our beverage/dessert and being on the strip. I would come back for sure!!
Surprisingly acceptable. I haven't been to the location in New York, but frozen hot chocolate drove me here and quite honestly, I thought it was very very good. Mint frozen hot chocolate to be exact. Definitely a recommend on a hot day in Vegas!. . Their lunch foods were typical American dishes with slight twists, although I would say that most of whatever originality you see is derived from presentation alone. I wouldn't say lunch is why you should come here, but definitely not an avoid!. . Oh, and texting you when your table is ready...absolutely awesome feature.
I had been dying to try the frozen hot chocolate, didn't think much about the food.  Left, loving the food and thinking the frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that!  We shared the oreo cookie frozen hot chocolate.  It was good but nothing spectacular.  We had the chicken strips for appetizer - great!  They were lightly battered with tempura and they were moist and came with about 5 dipping sauces.  I had the white pizza - great!  My boyfriend had the bbq cheeseburger - he said it was very good.  So big he couldn't finish, perhaps having the frozen hot chocolate and chicken strips first, filled us.  I would definitely go back for the food, it was delish!  BTW -the atmosphere was ok, nothing special the only thing I didn't like, the seating and buidling felt cramped.
The boy and I devoured a plate of fried chicken and bacon-infused Belgium waffles for breakfast yesterday and it was heavenly. Chicken was juicy. Waffles were perfectly constructed. The hint of salt from the bacon proved to be a magical combination: YUM! . . Props to you, Serendipity 3.. . We decided on the dish after shamlessly gawking at the food on the table next to us. Portions are HUGE so share if you can (it'll cut down on the bill too).. . We washed down our indulgent meal with large cups of hot chocolate and coffee, both on point in taste. . . Decor was on the whimsy side with hints of a late-1800s ice cream parlor. . Cool.. Next time I'd prefer to eat outside (the air-conditioning was a bit much). . . Side note: parking was a bitch. Make sure you have enough time to wander through Caesar's before getting to the restaurant.. . . Service in Vegas is always a toss up for me. We lucked out with our server today. Good job blondie.. . I will say that by the time we left (10:15ish), the wait looked extensive. Get there early, even if in hangover mode, and do the damn thing. You can always go back to your room and crash out for another four hours.
After I didn't get to come to Serendipity 3 on my last TWO trips to Vegas, I made a point to stop by on my most recent trip.. . The BFF & I were immediately seated in the bar & given menus. I started with the Raspberry Soho and she ordered the Cotton Candy. We decided to share an order of potato skins. The drinks were delish! The artistry that went into making the Cotton Candy was ridiculous! The potato skins were okay, so I decided to save room for my entree: The 5 cheese grilled cheese sandwich. . . This was seriously the best grilled cheese of my life. The cheese was ooey, gooey delicious! I could not get enough. In retrospect, I wish I hadn't ordered the potato skins. They were that overshadowed.. . We couldn't leave without trying the world famous frozen hot chocolate. We went with the original flavor. Let me warn you, this thing is HUGE! Definitely share with a friend. Secondly, the cup comes in a bowl, so don't be afraid to let it spill. The taste of the frozen hot chocolate reminded me a bit of a chocolate frosty from Wendy's, but more ice based. . . I loved the atmosphere, great music playing, and I wish I'd written down our bartender/server's name because she was phenomenal!
All my friends tell me "you have to go to Serendipity" when you are in Vegas -- I did, for my 21st birthday lunch and I loved it.  Its a really cute place, although the wait is kinda long, but I expected it so it didn't bug me much.  Our waiter was extremely friendly -- he even offered to sing happy birthday. Two things that are a must get, the mac and cheese (OMG SO GOOD) and frozen hot chocolate!
We ate on the patio of the restaurant. I ordered a triple decker grilled cheese, my companions ordered a strip steak sandwich and spaghetti. The food was delicious. I was glad we got the patio because the inside of the restaurant was cold, dark, and LOUD. We went on a Friday night at about 10 pm. . . The service was decent. We had a ninja waitress who appeared out of now where to check on us but couldn't be found otherwise. The view of the strip from the patio was great. Overall, we really liked it. Plus there are so many delicious classic and strange things on the menu, I want to go back for more.
Forbidden Sundae and Deep Fried Oreos Sundae!  Need I say more?!?!  Both are sinfully delicious and so worth every calorie!   Of course want to try other stuff on the menu someday.... . Frozen Hot Chocolate is their traditional specialty and so good!
Out for a walk, stopped in had a pitcher of beer and some nachos, very nice portion for two. ordered a side of onion rings, awsome! made from scratch. very friendly server. nice place to sit outside for a little bit.
there food is amazing and service is okay.  went during the day so it seemed like the wait staff was just not into being there.  will go again in a nighttime setting.
You just have to love an outdoor restaurant on the strip that offers lots of shade and mistys during the summer. I always passed Serendipity and had no desire to try it until I just gave in, I bought the large pizza and soda which wasn't refillable and costs around $20! Yikes! You just gotta love Vegas but I knew it would cost that much considering it was Caesar's Palace and located in the center strip. . . TOTAL TOURIST TRAP!. . The pizza was actually not that bad but I had better. Eating outside is great to just relax and people watch, unfortunately it started to rain while I was eating my pizza but I enjoyed the rain while people were running from the strip under the Serendipity eating area. . . Next time I'm trying the desserts and their signature frozen hot chocolate just to spoil myself when I'm near Serendipity.
Note this review is for the: To Go Side Window & Frozen Hot Chocolate. . Since forever, I always tell myself, I MUST try when I am in Vegas. But I always end up waving bye to it when leaving. :(. . Finally! I got the chances to and I LOVE it. It kind of helps to have something frozen during the stupid hot summer triple digit weather. I got myself some frozen hot chocolate while the bf chow down on their hot dog, which was just okay.. . The line moves fairly quickly, one thing that sucks is that the menu is limited. But it didn't matter for me because I had my heart set on Frozen Hot Chocolate. $11 for it was a bit on the expensive side, but what did you expect you are in Vegas.. . This a must trip place while in Vegas, its a little piece of New York in Vegas.
great food, great view and the frozen hot chocolate was very good.
Our order came 1 hour late, but they were very nice, and they comped it. I would try there again, it was great food and service.
Since moving to Vegas, I tend to avoid the "tourist" places but of course when my sister came to visit, she wanted to venture to all places I didn't.  I agreed and we ended up at Serendipity.  I am always willing to try a new restaurant, especially when they have frozen hot chocolates.  . . When we arrived, we fought the line to get our name on the waiting list for a late lunch.  We only had to wait about 15 minutes before being seated.  There were large groups all around us and I was actually surprised at how small this location is.  We were greeted pretty quickly and our server returned with our drinks.  She took the time to go over a few popular menu items but had to excuse herself to larger tables that were calling her.  We decided what we wanted to eat and had to wait a few minutes before our server returned to get our order.  But because we were sitting at a table beside the window/door we were able to people watch.  . . Considering the amount of people in the restaurant, we didn't have to wait very long for our food to arrive.  Of course, I ordered the Ultimate BLT which looked mouth watering!!  My sister had some type of chicken ciabatta sandwich.  We split the sandwiches so we could try a little of both.  I have to admit that thought the BLT was tasty, it was a little dry.  I'm not sure if it is supposed to come with sauce, but mine did not.  I was still overall pleased with the size and taste of my BLT.  The chicken sandwich did NOT disappoint.  Probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while.  Nothing about that sandwich was disappointing!!  . . We decided to finish off our meal with a frozen hot chocolate.  How could you come to Serendipity and not have one of these??  It was definitely a great treat to end our meal but not the over the top taste that I had built myself up for.  . . Overall, I will probably visit again but my expectations have changed.  Great location, fun atmosphere, friendly staff, good food and tasty desserts.  Serendipity's would have received 5 stars from me if the tables were a little bigger, prices were lower and if they would have threw some mayo or honey mustard on my ultimate BLT.
I think I had the best salad of my life here. However, it is not on the menu, I created it myself.  I wanted a ceasar salad with crab cakes.  My husband wanted a ceasar with ahi tuna.  So, they subbed what we wanted for the things on the menu (i.e. salmon).  Anyway, salads were amazing.  Service was perfect.  There was a short wait, and their way of finding you was pretty kewl, they took cell phone numbers and texted you.  Pretty sweet.  The restrooms were weird, outside and kinda hole in the wallish, so that was a con.  Also, the waitress gave us a kinda hard time about substituting things, but it ended up not being a big deal at all and other than that, service was great.  The desserts looked amazing, but I could not have eaten even half of one after the amazing meal.  highly recommend.
Green Valley Dinner Buffet Love Their Sea Bass,Salads,Deserts,Free Wine Peel and Eat Shrimp Great Prices For Locals YEA
Since we really like the Serendipity in NY so much that we were excited to give this place a try.  Maybe we were too hungry by the time we got there.  I thought their burger were one of the best burger I've had in a long time!.  The frozen hot chocolate were great as usual, but I thought the portion were smaller.  This is a pricer joint overall.
For the FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE ONLY!. . Our sole purpose was to try the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and only that.  Ordered the 16 oz. From receiving our 1 order to putting the straws in our mouths everything just sort of went on overdrive.  Next thing we knew.  We were sipping on whipped cream.  Whaaa?  How did time go by so fast? We loved it.  Serendipity 3 needs to offer a 32 oz one.  It was pretty darn delicious.  I guess next time we'd have to order our own 16 oz.  Guess I'm not much for sharing awesome desserts.  . . Although they could do less of the whipped cream.  There was way too much.  AND heck yes I'd come back here!  I already tried they Frrrozen Hot Chocolate during winter in 45 degrees weather so there's really no stopping me...except that 4 hour drive.
Very yummy.  Delicious food and cute atmosphere. Very crowded.
I like this place a lot. I like the atmosphere it has the outside patio was very cute. All I got there was their legendary cold hot chocolate mixed with two shots of vodka. It was delicious. I can not rate the food because I have not tried it yet, but soon will. They sell a few things from kitson in their restaurant at the small shop. The restaurant and menu look great and unique. I know i'm not the first or last person to rate this place but I still wanted to give some insight :) ohh the cold hot chocolate cost $24.00 with tax serves two people.
Food was better than  I expected. Frozen hot chocolates good as always.
I can see why this place gets only 3 stars - ambience isn't the greatest. Middle of the morning from the inside everything is tinted pink - reflects and color scheme.  But gotta say if you want to splurge on the crab cakes ala benedict then you're going to be IN LOVE with them...$38 smackers - good thing I won a little something at the craps table!  My girlfriend had the french toast - all I gotta say is no matter what you order, you better be freaking hungry because they DO NOT skimp on portions.. . . Wanted to sit outdoors but it was a bit noisy (right along the street) but more importantly even at 9:45 am - they didn't have the heaters fully up and running - and in case you didn't realize - Vegas at this time of year (December) is bloody FREEZING as in 29-35 degrees F (which could stand for so many things!). . Service was really attentive and efficient.  Would definitely go there again but wont' eat for at least 12 hours prior!!!. . . . Enjoy peeps!
I thought that the novelty of going to a Serendipity restaurant was appealing--So me and my friends went while we were in Vegas... TWICE!. . The hype of the frozen hot chocolate did not disappoint, although I would have appreciated the price of this delectable drink to be a little bit cheaper. At $11 dollars (without toppings) a single serving it easily could be shared between 2 people (just fyi!). The first night I tried the regular frozen hot chocolate and the 2nd night I tried the white chocolate frozen hot chocolate. BOTH were yummy! The shaved chocolate inside the drink was a great touch and provided nice texture to the drink! Albeit, the drink is basically cold chocolate milk... it still tasted amazing!. . The mac and cheese was DELICIOUS. Portions were on the larger side, which was great (it better be, because tht was some $14 mac and cheese!). We tried the crab artichoke dip, which tastes yummy too!! It had a hint of spice in it! Wasn't really a big fan of the ABC (Avocado, Brie and Caramlized Onion) burger. The taste was okay, but what really put me off was that the burger was sooo tall that it was almost impossible to eat! Well, possible if you wanted to get messy!. . Get there early, because seating could be tricky! And if you went to Vegas during winter like I did, I'd opt to stay inside because it was freezing outside. Although, they did have those space heaters, I still would be cold. . . I'd say give it a try if you have a few bucks to spend ;)
3 words... FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!. . Love it. Even though really it's Ice Chocolate, but still good! I always look forward to coming here everytime I'm in vegas. The last time I visited and most recent we got the Banana Split. For it being about $15ish dollars was WELL WORTH IT!. . It was HUGE! Like 4 scoops of ice cream, maybe even two bananas and strawberries w/ lots of caramel and chocolate on top. It was byfar the best one I've ever tasted. What I loved was when asking the person taking our orders which would be best, he did not try to upsell us to get the more expensive item. He told us the TRUTH and even checked on us everytime he walked by even though it was super busy inside. I didn't get anything else that day, since the split was definitely more than enough, but can't wait to go again next time and actually try the food.
cool and hip and one of my favorites
3 stars is just too little for this place.. . Sure service is not so great the wait is pretty long but you came here for the food.. I would've gave it a 3 star also but the food and frozen hot chocolate changed my mind.. . This was my third time here. Decent place to eat when you visit Vegas since the buffets aren't as great as they use to be......... . Me and my friend got two orders to split in half to try them both, both were really excellent!. . I got the hangover omelette not the best but defitnitley one of my favorites it consisted of fries tomato bacon cheese and much more and it comes with a side of sweet potato or regular fries. Overall a great omelette.. . My buddy got the blue cheese burger. The burger was very well grilled the bun was nice and fresh and the blue cheese was the perfect complement with the bacon and beef.. . However the frozen hot chocolate was really good the first two times the third time its not as great (maybe because it was winter and cold as crap) but it was still good.. . You should for sure come through to try it out for yourself if your in Vegas!
So many visits to Vegas and never had a chance to try Serendipity 3 until my last vacation there. You walk in to this awesome colorful room filled with a ton of people trying all of Serendipity's creations. After about a 10 minute wait we were escorted to the patio overlooking the strip. Although it was freezing they have fire heaters which helped.. . They handed us this huge menu and gave us the challenge of picking just a few items (when really I wanted to try it all!) I ordered the obvious frozen hot chocolate, thanks to some show on the Food Network or Travel Channel. My husband got a chocolate cake sundae, which could have fed at least two people. We also ordered crab spinach dip which was alright. Just when I thought I had enough the waiter brought out cotton candy martini's for another table. After starring down the martini hoping it would levitate to my table, I ordered one as well. I think the fun of seeing the puffy sugar turn into liquid was more entertaining then drinking it, but maybe mine was made a little strong. . . Overall we had an awesome experience. Thanks to Deon, our waiter. He did a great job! I almost didn't want to leave! That was until we saw the check. The place is not cheap! Cant wait for our next trip!
Heard a lot of good things about this spot ...located at ceasar's. . It gets pretty busy and the wait time was about 45 minutes to an hour to get seated. Theres also a place you can order outside if you dont feel like waiting. . Once we sat down... our waiter was really nice and food came out pretty quick. I ended up getting the strip steak sandwich which was really good and i would for sure get again in the future. . What topped it off was what there pretty much known for ... frozen hot chocolate!!! IT was amazingly good....i got the oreo frozen hot chocalate. . If your in vegas you should definitely give this place a try!
Love this place! The first time I had them was as a to-go order and the second time I ate in. Both times I had their grilled cheese, wish is sooo good! It comes with fries, which were nice and crispy. The time I ate in, we decided to get their frozen hot chocolate, which was delicious!! You can't come here and not have one! We went on a Monday night, and it was still busy. We arrived and they had told us the wait would be like 20 minutes, but it ended up being only like 10 minutes. The inside is very bright and fun. I'm planning to return next time I'm in Vegas.
I have been to Serendipity in New York and I have always been a big fan. So when I saw this location at Ceasar's, I HAD to go there. Even though I had to wait 40 minutes in the cold to get a table, it was all worth it when I got my Frozen Hot Chocolate. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Frozen Hot Chocolate. it was everything I hoped it to be and more.. . As far as the waitstaff goes, the waiter was EXTREMELY friendly and nice. The food came out pretty quickly and the food. Even though the food was delicious and I was full, I couldn't resit ordering the  Fried Oreo Sundae. I am so GLAD I didn't resist ordering it because it was deliciously drowned in  hot fudge and marshmallow sauce.
i would totally come back here next time i am in Vegas.  we did not get to try any desserts, as we were so stuffed from our dinner! (not typical). wishing i did because apparently that is what they are more known for. it was also pretty cold out so any ice cream or frozen stuff wouldnt have been a good choice.. . we got potato skins for app, and the Skirt steak and bacon mac and cheese for dinner.  portions were great and flavor was amazing.  The service was just okay for me. . . The decor reminded me of Alice in Wonderland or Dr. Seuss, or something, very bright colors and whimsical touches. especially the enormous menus that are pretty comical to read because they dont even fit on the table. . I saw someone next to me getting lots of cool martinis. if i drank i would totally be into their fun drinks!. . FYI there is a $1000 sundae on their menu! flaked in Gold leaf!  i am in awe that this exists, and for that, 4.5 stars!!!
Total Rewards discounts, yes please!  Very glad I came here with people that like the same food as I do because these portions are HUGE!  I split the balsamic strawberry waffles and still felt like it was Thanksgiving dinner!  The food was fantastic and I hope to be able to try the desert next time!
love the frozen hot chocolate!  The food is average for the most part but that is not why you go
My main reason for coming here is for the sugary-sweet cotton candy martini.  Totally awesome!   It's like drinking blue cotton candy (warning - it is STRONG if you're a lightweight - I had two and I should have kept it to one).. . I actually tried dinner here too this weekend and the truffle macaroni and cheese was very good.  My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs, which were also terrific.  We split a piece of the peanut butter pie and it was super rich and tasty (you'll want to split all desserts instead of having one of your own, because the portions are huge - bigger than Claim Jumper portions, if you know what I mean).  The last time I visited here, my friend and split the frozen hot chocolate, which is also very good.  . . I recommend making reservations in advance, as the place is very small and gets really busy.
This place is silly on more than a few levels but....I just can't leave Vegas without enjoying their grilled cheese and tomato soup on the outdoor patio facing the strip.. . For me, at least, it's just the quintessential Vegas experience.
Ever since I watched that movie Serendipity... there was a scene in the movie where they ate at a Serendipity restaurant in NY and had the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  I told myself if I ever go to NY, I would have to try that.  Luckily, I didn't have to travel too far since they opened one in Vegas! My husband and I were excited to check this place out.  We are definitely fans of this place and glad we went here.  Ambiance is comfortable... nothing fancy.  Service was good.  We got the ribs and filet mignon and my daughter had the mac and cheese.  We ended it with a frozen hot white chocolate for 2! Sooo delicious and super yummy! Our daughter loved it as well! Food here isn't cheap but well worth checking out! Wish we had time on our trip to come back for another.  Next time for sure!
My fav all time brunch plate...yes the lines long and it takes 4ever to get a table at times, but its food is amazing...the fried eggs benedict is the most amazing breakfast item I've ever had (I've had it several times and its always been relish... the juevos ranchers believe it or not r the only juevos rancheros I'll ever eat..and lastly the original frooozen hot chocolate is a sinful treat very chocolatey
I'm surprised to see Serendipity has an average 3 star rating! I guess this place a bit overrated, but the frozen hot chocolate was worth it! . . It looks like the food here isn't that great, which is why the ratings seem to be pretty low. I only got the frozen hot chocolate, which was amazeballs. They're so addicting, and they're not crazy sweet. It's pretty refreshing, surprisingly enough. My friend and I also split a side of fries, which were meh. Average. But who doesn't love french fries? They weren't overly oily or anything.. . Oh, and try to sit at the restaurant if you can, and not outdoors in that patio. Especially in the wintertime. It's pretty darn cold outside, and lots of the heat lamps were broken.  The lines were crazy long for ordering at the window, too. I think it would've taken just as long to order it from the window versus waiting for a table at the restaurant and getting seated. Service was pretty good here, too... The server knew I was freezing (hey, I hate the cold!) and she brought over a heat lamp next to me!. . Next time I'm in Vegas... I'm coming back for you, frozen hot chocolate!
The bad:  I was waiting in line at the host stand (for about 5 minutes) and they never looked at me and then asked the people behind me if they had been helped and they jumped in front of me. I told her that I had been waiting and she didn't care! Seriously, your servers are awesome, your food is good but your host stand people need some help on customer service. . . The food took a long time for it to come out and it wasn't that hot (but I was sitting outside so it might have just gotten cold from the outside temp) but like I said the server was awesome and made up for it. Plus, I wasn't in a hurry so it didn't really bother me.  So, I'm not complaining about the food wait time but just thought I would mention it in case you have plans after dining.  . . The GOOD: I had an awesome server and the food was good. . . I will be back and this time I will call ahead and a make reservation so I can avoid issues with the host stand.. . I would love to try something different like maybe the grilled cheese and tomato soup and the Oreo frozen hot chocolate. . . I had the crab dip and man that has a ton of crab and can be shared for sure!  Also, had the mint frozen hot chocolate which was awesome.
HOLY MOLY!!!!!!!!  You better go into this place hungry because the portions are GIGANTIC!  Bigger then my head....more then anyone should eat, but be ready to order more then just one thing because everything is so good you are going to want to try it all!!!  We went there specifically for desserts, nothing else but they do have actual food, hamburgers, grilled cheese, etc........ We ordered the cheesecake and the mint grasshopper ice cream. Both were to die for!!!!. The cheesecake was topped with fresh strawberries and the crust was some kind of walnut crust!  the mint grasshopper ice cream has whip cream, chocolate syrup, a melted marshmallow treat and white chocolate mint sticks. There were three of us and not even one of the desserts were half way finished, they are just gigantic!!!  . I also ordered a strawberry daiquiri made with fresh fruit along with a coffee.  Everything was great.  The service was fantastic, I had to ask him a lot of questions.....he really helped me choose the best dairy free thing for me, even though I snuck a few bites of the other goodies, he was very patient with our table!!!. The decor is very cute and clean but the bathrooms are outside. If it were freezing and possibly raining going to the bathroom would not have been a good experience!  . I do love the option they provide to order at a window for takeout!  If you do not want to sit inside and have a waitress, you can order at the window and eat at the tables they provide.......
I love this place. Every time I come to Vegas, I come here and eat brunch. By this point, I've tried a couple things, but I have to say so far my favorite is the Fried Chicken and Waffles. SO unhealthy, but so absolutely delicious. . . Most of the time, I come here with the BF and we end up eating half our food and saving the rest for later (i.e. drunken snacking later).  The portions are huge, so if you don't have a fridge in your hotel room, I suggest splitting.. . if you have  a Total Rewards card, you get a couple bucks off. Also, you can make reservations via Open Table online. I made a reservation for 2 around 8:30am for breakfast at 10am, and it was a breeze. So you can def do it the same day, even an  hour and half before. No long wait for us.
love this place, wish they had one in california! great food drinks and service!
Had a really great time with my BF on St. Patty's day. Asto had the Monster Meatballs & Spaghetti, and I had the "Cant Say No" Sundae. Both were amazing...especially the Sundae. It was pretty busy so it took a little while to get the food and we didn't see very much of our Server...but that was fine. We enjoyed the ambiance and view so time seemed to fly. We made a reservation via  open table and my phone which worked out far better than walking in and waiting. I can see myself returning
We were skeptical of this place because of the reviews posted here, but we had some freebie vouchers and decided to give it a try.  We did have a small wait for a table, but considering the time we chose to eat, it wasn't long at all.  The service was great.  Our waiter was courteous and on top of our drinks refills despite being run off his feet.  The food was hot and delicious.  I ordered the "Don't Drop Your Skirt Steak" which was cooked perfectly and was very flavorful with the chimichurri sauce.  My husband had the BBQ and Bleu Burger and discovered that he's not such as fan of blue cheese.  Once he scraped it off, he said the burger was very good, and his sweet potato fries were to die for.  We were both too full by the end of our meals that we didn't opt to have dessert, but I could see some great looking sundaes being delivered to other tables.
I'm pretty sure this place is over hyped... But my vegas trip is NOT complete without a trip here! I love the frozen hot chocolate even though it costs $11 for a single serving and is mostly whipped cream. Its sure to give you diabetes and is probably a million calories, but its so friggin delicious. . . The food here is really good too. Not sure about the salads though, my friend got the chicken caesar salad ($17) and it didn't seem that great to me, just overpriced. I got the high heel pump because I saw some else eating it and it looked & tasted great. It was big enough for me to be FULL after eating 1/3. So you can definitely order a frozen hot chocolate for two ($15) and the high heel pump. It would feed two people!. . We were originally going to order an oreo sundae, but after eating we decided not to because we were STUFFED. I'll be back next time to order a sundae if I'm back in Vegas!!!
Been here a handful of times, at least 6 I think. The original restaurant is well-known and famous in NYC. If I remember right theres only 3 locations worldwide and lucky for Las Vegas, one is here. Located on the grounds of Caesar's Palace. A stand alone building that can easily be seen from the street. It sits on the corner of LV Blvd & Flamingo. If you feel like indulgingyourself, look up their $1000 sundae(yes 1000, not a typo). For all us mortal folk, they have a regular menu to satisfy our gustatory needs. The location has a very hip & trendy feel, not a very large dining room so the wait can be killer at times, especially for larger groups. If you're fortunate enough to have someone with a Harrah's loyalty card, Total Rewards Diamond or 7star card, your party can get priority seating. If not for that on all my visits I don't think I could have waited 30min plus sometimes just to get seated. I believe they do take reservations but don't quote me on that.. Service has always been good, even when we had problems. One visit, my fries tasted like they were dunked in salt. Our waitress apologized and quickly had a fresh batch brought out.  Their signature frozen hot chocolate is crazy good. A must try at least once if one is a fan of chocolate! The menu has a wide variety of foods from burgers, entrees and a selection of desserts.  Prices are on par with similar eateries on the strip in Vegas(excluding that insane sundae). Some of their items I've tried weren't the greatest and some were good.. The one big con I have about this place is that for a spot where I'd think alot of people would go to eat on the strip for late night grub, S3 closes at 10pm, even on the weekends!. If you can avoid a long wait to be seated, it's not a bad place to try if you're nearby and don't wanna get TOO gouged on the higher priced places on the strip.
We loved this place!. . I had seen a few videos on YouTube for this place whilst doing research for our trip to Vegas. I was looking forward to trying all their delicious food and it did not let me down. I ordered the ABC burger, I was disappointed to find that they forgot the A (avocado). I let our server know who brought out theavocado on a side plate. I would have much preferred it if she had taken my burger back and put the A back in my ABC burger, or if she really wanted to impress me, bring me a freshly made ABC burger, that would have guaranteed 5 stars from me. . . Overall, we had a great time. The food was good, the service was nice and the ambiance was cool too. . . I would gladly go back here, maybe next time I'll try their to-go window outside.
I mainly go here for desserts. I love sweets, chocolate, & anything yummy. . . Favorite Desserts top two. . #1: The Black-tie sundae which has chocolate & vanilla Ice Cream with a outstanding marshmallow cream & to top it off a white chocolate Fudge & Chocolate Fudge, with Whipped Cream & a cute tuxedo strawberry. Omg, delicious. I love anything with chocolate fudgggeeee. This sundae is sensational.  The marshmallow cream is sweet, yet decadent it something I have never tasted before.  . I can easily eat three orders of this sundae.  The size of the sundae is pretty large it is made for sharing of two. But if you love desserts as much as I do, I believe you can finish it all by yourself, like I have ;] . . #2: T he Forbidden Broadway sundae: It has a chocolate blackout cake with  Chocolate & Vanilla Ice Cream that includes hot Fudge & whipped cream.  Reason I love this sundae because it has hot fudge. mmmmmhhh.  The chocolate cake is a little too sweet for me, but the vanilla ice cream compliments it very well.  If you love chocolate this would be the one for you. . . . Another Sundae I have tried is the  Grasshopper Marshmallow Mint Explosion . Which includes a mint chocolate chip ice creams with  Marshmallow Sauce & Hot Fudge & it is topped off with whipped cream & chocolate mints.  When I first saw this sundae it looked like grass and I would think it tasted like those wheat-grass shots you would take at a gym or some health store.. With that being said, I liked it but the way they made it was very much like a milkshake for some reason? . . Overall, the food there is okay I dont really recommend eating there.  The prices are overprice for the average food they serve.  The serve is a hit or miss and usually you have long wait times to get a seating.
Loved loved their frozen hot chocolate and onion rings.  . . We went there, didn't have a reservation but it was only like 30 mins to get a table inside.  The place itself is really eclectic and tea room looking.  We ordered the onion rings, house salad and potato skins since we didnt want to get too full for dinner. The frozen hot chocolate came out first, soo good.  We finished that really fast.  Then the others came out.  Their onion rings are soo crispy and stayed crispy throughout the meal.  The salad was ok, as salad is. The potato skins were sad though, not really good and kind of soft? . . The frozen hot chocolate really makes up for everything else, if not for this and onion rings we would not really even consider coming back.
Have been to both this one and the NY one. Love them both. Food is always good!!! Yes the frozen hot chocolate is as good as everyone says. The grilled cheese is incredible, the only thing I get and love it every time!!!!!!
First of all, I would come back here to eat, but I wouldn't wait more than 30 mins.. . So my friend and I were here around noon on a Monday looking to score some yummy food.  We put our name on the list and the hostess told us it would be 30 mins and then said they'd text us when the table was ready.  It even told us on my friend's cell phone how many parties were in front of us over time.  It was really neat.  We got called to our table in less than 30 mins and it was a perfect table for 2 outside right on the strip (prime for people watching).  . . I ordered the BBQ burger with a veggie patty and my friend ordered a veggie omelet with breakfast potatoes.  Both of us were VERY happy with our food.  The bacon on my burger was to die for!  It's smoked and very thick!  And the veggie patty was very tasty.I think they might make them themselves.  My friend cleaned her plate!  She loved her cheesy veggie omelet with egg whites and the breakfast potatoes!  . . Service was a little slow.... I think they may need more people working there, but since we weren't in a hurry, it wasn't such a big deal.  If you are in a hurry or super hungry, don't go here cause it'll be a while until you get food in your tummy.  But on the plus side, there is an outside cafe area where you can order food from a window and seat yourself.  A very good option for quick food that is restaurant quality.
Great Brunch in Vegas.  sit out on the patio over the strip and people watch
An excellent place to go for a ice cream....   Great burger too....
Absolutely loved this place. Can't talk about the actual food because I only came here for dessert but, it was absolutely delicious. I got the red velvet sundae and it was to die for. Aboslutely HUGE in size though so I suggest splitting it. Definitely the bang for your buck.
Frozen chocolate... I can make that with a pack of hot chocolate powder at home! Pizza.... Eehhh it was alright.
We ate at Serendipity 3 while in Vegas during a girls trip. We were looking for a nice spot for brunch, and someone working at the Mirage suggested this place. When we first arrived, I was immediately taken away by the decor, very whimsical at first but then you notice that a couple of the pieces just don't belong. Think Alice in Wonderland meets Hello Kitty, with a touch of a college sports fan...yeah. The restaurant is not very big inside, but there is a nice wrap around patio that actually has more seating than what is  offered inside.  This worked out perfect for us as it was a gorgeous day. While waiting to be seated we checked out the menu. Not impressed. With the exception of omelets, nothing brunchy about this place. Typical American fare. We considered leaving when our buzzer went off to be seated. Our host decided to seat several parties at once, I get what she was doing- but she did not execute it properly. For starters, we had the nachos- AWESOME. And between the 3 of us, we ordered a veggie burger, the crab cake sandwich, and the buffalo pizza. EVERYTHING was fantastic!!!! Best buffalo pizza I have ever had! I know there are a couple of these around the country (NY, Miami, DC) I would most definitely go again!!!!
We've lived in Vegas for almost 15 years.  We go to the Strip often, but, we never ate at Serendipity.  No real reason for that, we have noticed the long lines for the restaurant on many occasions.  We went there on Monday at 11:30 am for lunch.  We had made reservations after reading Yelp reviews talking about having to frequently wait for a table.  At no time did we incur rude service.  Everybody was friendly.  We are used to Strip prices, so we weren't shocked by $15 sandwiches.  They did come with fries or for a $1 more, sweet potato fries.  . . We were starving.  We ordered a Hawaiian pizza as other people nearby had them and they looked good.  It was quite good, didn't realize it was made with BBQ sauce but there was plenty of cheese and the crust was very good.  . . The wife had a chicken sandwich and said it was very good.  It was good sized.  The sweet potato fries were probably the best we have ever had.  They were cooked long enough where they were crisp.  Plus, they put cinnamon on them.  I had the Rueben sandwich.  The corn beef was exceptionally lean and the rye bread was very good.  I wish it would have had a little more sauerkraut on it, but that was minor.  . . For dessert, we got a piece of red velvet cake to go.  It was $14, way too much for my taste.  It was very good.  We did take a little more than half of our food home with us in the best carry-out containers we have ever seen.  .  . We didn't have the frozen hot chocolate, just because paying $11 seemed like an excess we couldn't take.  I wish I hadn't paid the $4 upcharge to get four onion rings instead of the fries.  The rings are heavily coated with parmesan cheese.  We love onion rings, but these just didn't cut the mustard.  . . BOTTOM LINE:  The food was very good.  The wait person was very friendly.  Unfortunately, you can't be in a hurry to get your food.  Our wait person was working hard, but it took an extremely long time to get our meal.  The follow-up wasn't great, but not terrible.  Perhaps they should consider having some food runners.  The food was served at a good temperature, it just took forever.  All desserts that we saw were MASSIVE!
Um why does this place have a fairly low rating?....... . Came here last week because my friend was craving a dessert from here. We shared the Deep Fried Oreo sundae and a;lksjadf;lkjasdf PRAISE THE DESIGNER. I thought the way the place was decorated was pretty dandy, as well as the menus.. . However, after a while it was a little too sweet for me.
Food isn't that special but the frozen hot chocolate and its many flavors YES!!  It's definetely more delicious than the one in Max Brenner.  They both have different types of desserts so depends what you want more.  Max Brenner (inside Casears) has better food.
Came here for my friend's 21st birthday for some pre-gaming before we went to the clubs.  The drinks were delicious and sweet!  The waiter who helped us was really nice and it's a really cute and fun little restaurant with great service!
Great tasting food, large portions. If it wasn't for the extreme long wait, I would have given it 5 stars.
Frozzzzen hot chocolate yum!
Its Serendipity for Christ sake! Frozen hot chocolate tastes just as that. Hard to explain so try it for yourself. Long wait but so what, its trendy get over it!
French Toast Log And Cuppucino, I LIKEY...
Great way to cool off with a frozen hot chocolate - but share it! Super rich, super delectable. The hot dogs are great, we had the one with nacho cheese, jalapenos. Again, they're enormous!
best frozen hot chocolate
This place is pretty cool. Love the decor and the staff is very friendly. I did get sick after eating here the first time. lol But I am willing to give it another try!
Frozen Hot Chocolate. MMM. . . Yes, yes, and yes. . . Hot dog combo platter. Yes. . . Service? Yes! Great staff, even when busy. And they DO get busy. . . They have a decent amount of seating, and some outside, which is not so desirable in the Summer, unless you are a lizard, or Satan. . . They have a walk up window too. Cute place and walkable from mid-strip. . . I've taken friends who visit Vegas and we love the huge portions, we get a few apps and split it. The prices are not terrible. It is what you would expect from a strip location, but not too crazy. . . Give it a whirl, and if you do, be sure to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate!
Ate breakfast here and was very happy.  Food quality and portions were great and pretty decent service.  Would definitely go again if we were staying nearby.
OREO FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE - Looking back, I wish I didn't share it with my friend! It was so good, mind you half of the cup was whip cream.. . If you're looking to just grab the frozen hot chocolate, get it to go and sit outside in the plaza and people watch.. . Also got the bacon cheddar pretzel, which was pretty amazing. It's definitely a place to hit up if you're looking to people watch and enjoy the Strip.
Went for breskfast. Different type of food offered. My husband ordered the frozen hot chocolate. Their staple! It was excellent with great flavor of cocoa. I had the frozen hot chocolate french toast with strawberries and pistacios. Huge!! Sweet!! Different but good. Then my husband had the three cheese omelate with seasoned house potatos. Big and very cheesy. Our waiter was funny and on top of things and the decore was nice. Even have misters for outside seating. We will be back.
Yes it can get busy but everything I ate was yummy!
Fantastic cold hot chocolate and steak sandwich. Hot dog as well !!!
Three words: Frozen. Hot. Chocolate. That's the only thing I got and it was soooo good! Definitely hit the spot while walking around hot Vegas.
I have to say that I was impressed with the amount of food served. The chili dog is gianormous and the frozen hot chocolate is worth the wait. About the wait, it did take awhile to get seated and the food was a little slow. But in their defense, it was a Friday night and packed. I would definitely recommend this to my friends!
Spendy...but the food and drinks were SO good. . . My BF and I stopped here for dinner before seeing Absinthe...the food was delish and drinks were even better. I had the thin mint cookie and it was gone so fast I'm surprised I didn't get a brain freeze.  We shared BBQ chicken pizza, onion rings, and a chicken quesadilla...if you are going to say screw your diet might as well do it right!  Grand total for 2 drinks, 2 apps and a pizza...$91! With the TR discount. But the food was THAT good. Fast, friendly service, patio was comfortable with the fans going and fab food. I'm sad that it will be a year before I will be back!
If you are looking for fancy good food, this is NOT the place.. . But if you are looking for some sugar or ice-cream or chocolate fix, then yeah!. . Food is so-so, but drinks and dessert is great.
Sunday Morning breakfast, i decided on the croissant sandwich and was a little disappointed, a lot of egg and only two slices of bacon. My girlfriend ordered the french toast log and by god it was huge and delicious! I regret not getting that myself. She also had to get the frozen hot chocolate, and i'm not a huge fan of sweet stuff or anything like that but this was just freaking delicious. It's like a shake but not as thick so you can just slurp it down if you want to, wow, just wow. Other than that, not too expensive. My group of three spent about 95 dollars including a couple of drinks each. I'll be back for the frozen hot chocolate for sure.
Sure why not!  I was happy to check out this installation compared to the one in NYC (a pre-Yelp experience).  There was no wait time for us.  I loved the decor, the colors, and the uniforms.  Our server was friendly, fast and very funny.  Kept it real simple, and had the Las Vegas Chicken Strips for starters.  The whole time just waiting to get to the Deep Fried Oreos & Ice Cream!  Yummmmm.  Enough said.
Review based on dessert only. Their humble pie is anything but. If you love peanut butter and the crust of your favorite ice cream cake then try this one out. If you're looking for huge desserts, probably too big to take on by yourself and you'll need to share, then come to this place.. . Their menu of desserts is huge and varied. They also serve drinks at the bar and have a breakfast and lunch menu.. . Be ready to wait a bit for a table because the interior is small and even external seating can be busy.. . 4 stars for the dessert sizes and options.
I'll start off by saying that this restaurant is pricey, but what restaurant along The Strip isn't? The breakfast is amazing, and at least it's really good food for the price you're paying. Also, our waitress was the nicest lady ever, she even gave us the Rewards discount, which I hope that most customers receive for a dollar off their meal.
Hungover? Come here for Breakfast! . . Since it is right next to Caesar's Palace, you'll be facing an idyllic scene of beautiful fountains if you decided to sit outside and costumer service is awesome!  The waitress recommended excellent choices which were absolutely delicious. I love strawberries so I decided to try the Balsamic Strawberry Cream Waffles. All the flavors that are soaked up by the waffles unravel onto your taste buds and create a blissfully sweet experience. I never thought I'd find a piece of heaven on Earth, but here it is. Thus, if you love waffles then try the waffles here! In addition, the Breakfast Crescentwich was amazing and flavorful. . . In the mood for Breakfast sandwiches, waffles, or breakfast food to soak up the alcohol from your crazy night, then come here! Enjoy! =D
The crab cake Benedict is all lump meat and very filling. Delicious! I'd definitely check them out again when I'm in Vegas next week.
Not just for dessert! Offers breakfast, lunch, and dinner items. On tip though: expect long wait times for tables because it's THAT good! Put your name on list and walk around outside fountains of Caesar's Palace.  Get photo opportunities! They text you when your table is ready.  They also offer a few adult desserts and speciality drinks.
I recommend making a reservation on Opentable and having a full meal at the restaurant instead of the walk-up bar. If you have a TotalRewards membership through the Caesar's Palace family you not only get rewards here but also discounts! Only about a dollar or two a plate cheaper but when burgers are $17 and $18 it's worth it! They don't skimp on portions and if you aren't starved I would maybe share an entree. The burgers are to die for! My husband had one with brie on it and he was very impressed. The drinks are crazy expensive, $14 each? Nuts, but a pitcher of beer is only $17 so if you are trying to save money for the slots go that route. The location of Serendipity is perfect if you are seeing "Absinthe" which is mere steps outside the restaurant so it worked out for us. Save room for dessert, we tried two different ones during our trip and preferred the Sundae's over the frozen hot chocolate which is really a glorified $11 milkshake...the sundae however was amazing! We got the Broadway one and it said it had 'chocolate cake' in it, what we didn't realize was that it came with a literal piece of chocolate cake on top of the Sundae! No joke! We could barely eat half. We had a great server who was attentive and friendly. We will be visiting Serendipity again next time we are in town for sure!
After hearing what the big deal is about the frozen hot chocolate is here, I finally got to try it out. I made reservations since it was a Saturday night and I know how packed it gets over here. Good thing I did because the line was long!. . I ordered the chicken burger with fries and my fiance ordered the chili cheese foot long hot dog. The portions here are pretty big so I would recommend sharing because you want some room for dessert. For dessert we ordered the frozen hot chocolate and may I say that it was totally worth the calories. . . However, the second time I went here was with a friend and  they took forever with our food, it took about an hour for our food to arrive and the service wasn't the greatest. This visit I ordered the frozen white hot chocolate, which was as delicious as it sounds. . . So overall the food was okay but the dessert is must try!
A FAST review!. Food:  Good, but a little overpriced.  Most of the portions are pretty big and can easily be shared, except for the crab cake sandwich.  The desserts are really why you go!  The frozen hot chocolate is fantastic!. Ambiance:  Nice.  That's what it's all about, at least if you dine inside.. Service:  We sat the bar and ate, so service was great and the servers were friendly.. Thought:  Again, a little over priced, but the desserts are great!
Fun place to be with kids, definitely a tourist must do! My 12 years old had a great time between the meatball spaghetti and sundae, we just enjoy his joy! Worth the money!,
Food is very good, but service was poor at first.  Quoted a 20-30 minute wait, but only took about 10.  A/C was not working well.  Waited 10 minutes to place orders, but no sign of waiter.  Finally  caught the manger's eye, he took our order.  Did not take long for food.   I had the brunch burger with fried eggs & it was delicious.  The frozen hot chocolate is delicious but not $11.  We received for free using a FourSquare/TotalRewards card.  Discount if you show TotalRewards card.  Sign up for texts to get on VIP list.
Food is great especially for breakfast. Wasn't crazy about their drinks and their pricing is
Came here while I was in Vegas... totally cool... I just got a shot of Jameson... delish!
SERVICE: Fast and Friendly.. It was a Friday night, last weekend in June so they were packed. When we put our name down with the hostess we were told a 30 minute minute wait. We received a text message within about 10 minutes that the table was ready! Sweet!! . The waiter was fast, and friendly. He didn't really do a whole lot of chit chat which I am perfectly okay with! . . FOOD: EXCELLENT!! . I ordered the Ahi Tuna salad. This was so refreshing!! The tuna was superb, and the avocado was just the right texture! I could not finish the salad because the portion was huge which is why I think the 17 dollar price tag was fair and the tuna was so good! . . My husband ordered the ABC burger. It comes with avocado, brie cheese and caramelized onions. I watched him cut it down the middle and the cheese was melted on there just the right way! It looked really delicious and came with sweet potato fries. He really enjoyed his meal.. . We also ordered a frozen hot chocolate of course.. peanut butter cup flavor. It was 11 dollars so high, but worth it! We did not order alcohol. In fact, you really should only order alcohol in a Casino because anywhere else in Vegas you go there is a 500 percent mark up!! But we really are not drinkers and it was way too hot that weekend!! . . ATMOSPHERE: The decor is super cool in Serendipity 3, and I love the look of the menu! The dishes were pretty neat! You have great views all around you. With the Flamingo right across so you can see the Vegas lights and then on the other side you can see Caesar's Palace and there is a little courtyard area with a bar in the middle. I personally feel like one of the best parts about Vegas is all the people watching. If you sit near the courtyard section of the restaurant you can see a ton of people walking by! . . If you are like us and not necessarily poor but Craft Steakhouse is not an option,  this is a really decent restaurant where you can spend roughly 50 bucks for 2 people.
Overall a good place to grab a quick snack. Definitely try the foot long hot dogs and the frozen hot chocolate! It's a bit pricey but it's Vegas...what's cheap here? I'd give 4/5 because I was expecting something spectacular for the frozen hot chocolate, but pretty much tastes like a really good Starbucks frap, still worth a shot if you've never had it before though.
Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is fantastic! Get your dessert before the main course. And order the dinosaur ribs for the main course. You're welcome.
We went on a very buy Friday night... we had to wait about 20 minutes, but we got pagers and walked around the outdoors area at Caesars. It was a nice wait. Our food was delicious and the service was excellent. We got a frozen hot chocolate, of course... it was yummy! I am from NYC so I am familiar with Serendipity. I was excited when they opened one here... but I waited a while before checking it out. I am glad I finally did...
Love this place too bad it's on the strip! I hate dealing with parking and tourists, but the food is delicious! Highly recommended!
Super tasty food. Cheerful service.  Will def return...
Frozen Hot Chocolate is amazing, duh!  It's so overpriced, but that's Vegas for you.  Also try to get one of their giant donuts.  Put these two things together and YOU win.
Giant cake, yummy flavored coffee and cold dessert. You can have all these for under $ 50. Rightly-priced.. . There's serendipity salad that I want to get the recipe. I tried to memorize what's in it but I blacked out. It's Vegas and by the time the sun has set... everything in Las Vegas seem to be forgettable. You know what I mean. . . Serendipity is in the middle of the strip in the Caesar's Palace compound. Sit at the terrace and you can have fun watching people walk by - amazed children, overtly funny Transformer costume, women sweating in high heels, men sweating in long sleeves, grandmas ready to gamble and everything in between. . . Back to food. Everything is BIG. Come hungry. And have fun!
Frozen hot chocolate!  We live here but whenever we're walking around the Caesers Palace area we always stop by the window outside for dessert.  They have some tasty treats for sure!  Be prepared for typical Vegas prices, it isn't DQ, so don't be surprised when it's a bit more expensive.. . We have had dinner inside before and it wasn't that good or spectacular, so I will keep this part of the review for desserts only.  I probly would give the actual sit down food a 3/5... maybe.. . Definitely do dessert though.  Good people watching and plenty of places to hang out and enjoy the sweets either on the patio or hanging out in the big Caesers Palace promenade out front.
I'm only making reviews based on the Frozen Hot Chocolates. I've never had the food here. . . LOVE the original Frozen Hot Chocolate! Stick with that one. Got the Oreo one too and it wasn't as delicious. . . Though it's delicious, I gave it 4 stars because of the price! It comes out to be around $12 after taxes. That's a bit pricey, but hey...that's Vegas for you!
Breakfast saints and sinners French toast log was amazing, huge but perfectly cooked and tasted wonderful.. . Frozen hot chocolate was tasty around lunch, maybe a tad overpriced.
I've gone here twice so far in my life and I definitely plan on going back in the near future. While some say their trademark frozen hot chocolate is overrated,  I say NAY! I sprung for the original frozen hot chocolate while my friends ordered an oreo and peanut butter one. It arrived to us overflowing, good thing there was a bowl at the bottom to make sure you got your money's worth ($11). The chocolatey medley with the whip cream and chocolate shavings made me go on quite the sugar high. So refreshing.. . I also ordered the Las Vegas dog. Complete with your choice of fries, sweet potato fries or coleslaw this dog was huge!! Topped with cheesy goodness and jalapeno pepper slices, I ended up tapping out with only devouring half of it. Sad face. I wish I had it now. Yums.. . Another thing to note is that the wait wasn't too bad during the lunchtime rush. 20 to 30 minutes didn't seem so bad when I've waited longer for our local CPK restaurant (lame). When making the reservation I had to give my number to which they conveniently texted me to say our table was ready. Awesome.
Pretty good. I must admit that I avoided this place every time I went to Vegas because I thought it would have the same food and crappy frozen hot chocolate as the novelty foods at the New York location. Man, I was wrong. Food servings here are heaping. Get a sandwich and it's literally 1.5 feet long. The mac and cheese my friend had was thick and creamy...yum. But my absolute favorite of this restaurant was the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Yeah, I know I called them crappy 2 sentences ago---but that was New York's Serendipity: It's just a watered down Frosty. -- But the LV location has different variations of the Frozen Hot Chocolate -- we got the Oreo one with Almond slivers....omg delicious. Will definitely come back again to try the other stuff on the menu.
Orrreo Frozen Hot Chocolate with candied almonds - delicious!  I would say this was better than the one in New York.  Larger menu selection and the frozen hot chocolate was much much better. If you are in the area, stop here for a great frozen dessert.
The food was GREAT! The service, not so much =/. . My family and I checked out Serendipity for lunch on Sunday morning. It was pretty crowded when we arrived around 10 AM so we were told we would have to wait for 20-30 minutes. I really liked how the hostess was using an ipad that would message my iphone when our table was ready =) You are given the option of sitting inside or out but we wanted inside because it was getting really hot outside already. Thankfully we only had to wait 10 or so minutes before I received a text saying our table was ready. . . When we sat down our table was pretty wet since they just cleaned it. We ordered really quickly since we had looked at the menu while we were waiting and we figured it shouldn't take that long to get our food. Unfortunately, we waited 30-40 minutes for our breakfast -___- I was getting REALLY HUNGRY since we were seeing all the people around us receive food and we weren't getting squat... FINALLY our food came over and we were amazed by how big the portions were. My pancakes were ginormous, my mom's steak sandwich was an entire baguette, and my boyfriend's waffles were the size of your head. . . Blueberry pancakes: Super nom. They put a good amount of blueberries in there and they don't drown the pancakes in butter like normal places do. Syrup was great and on the side.. . Steak Sandwich: MASSIVE. The steak was very good and they add bacon and three fried eggs to the sandwich. The bread is an entire baguette aka way too much for one person to finish. The potatoes on the side were over seasoned (too salty) and they burned the first batch so we made them make some more. . . Corned Beef Hash and Eggs: NOM. The hash here is super fresh and meaty, WOW!! I was jealous of my dad's plate after he gave me a bite of the hash. They give you 4 pieces of bread though which was kind of overkill.. . Banana Cream Waffles: Satisfy your sweet tooth. Two waffles with bananas, cream, raspberries, blackberries and chocolate sauce. Not for the faint of heart.. . All in all the food was DELICIOUS but our server forgot about us and it's VERY difficult to get the server's attention since there is so much going on here.
Frozen hot chocolate is a must! Just use the walk up window- and enjoy. I had the traditional one and it was awesome! Shared it with my sister an still had plenty left over!
We had lunch here a couple days ago , sat outside on the patio over the Strip. Service and food were great. I had the crab artichoke dip and it was amazing! My friends got the pizza and it was great also. Huge portions. Great food and service. Just wish I wasn't too full to try the frozen hot chocolate or a dessert. :( Next time!
My kids love it!. Been there a couple of times and always enjoyed the courtyard seating and the ice cream is pretty good
The whole family loves Serendipity 3.  We've been there for dessert, dinner, lunch, and brunch and have never been disappointed.  . . I will say that if you're driving, it seems very tempting to park at Ceasar's Palace (or use the valet) but it is a nightmare getting through all the pedestrian traffic and CP's traffic flow is not the most intuitive.  I suggest parking over at the Flamingo or Bill's and walking across the bridge; it's probably about the same distance from parking in CP's garage and walking through the casino.
Good service, professional servers, . food portions are generous, presentation of good very interesting and fun, frozen hot chocolate is very good,. Not too sweet. Excellent
Great food, Great Frozen hot chocolate
Frozen hot chocolate is amazing!
This place is great !. . I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and when it came the neighboring table was drooling.  The tuna was seared perfectly, topped w/ sesame seeds and was so fresh !  . . I also had a tip from a good buddy of mine to try the frozen hot chocolate dessert.  Got the large cup and split it w/ my homeboy.. Heads up - its $14 and good, but way too sweet for my taste.  I like my sweets but good lord , you have to be a super sweet tooth to really enjoy the frozen hot chocolate drink ~  . . I definitely will come back here the next time I am in Vegas, but pass on dessert ^_^.
Just tried their fries and frozen hot chocolate.  Their fries were very common but their frozen chocolate was very tasty.  I was the last one there so I got it for free :)
This is a spot I take non-local friends/family.  It's right outside Caesars Palace next to the Absinthe tent.  They always have crazy lines for to-go and dine-in so reserve a table. The place is cute if you're into girly stuff: pink, beanie babies, totes, chocolate, desserts, etc.  They have indoor and patio seating.  I'd rather sit inside because the view from the patio isn't all that wonderful: ruins of Bill's Gambling Saloon, Flamingo and Hot Babes Direct to You mobile billboard passing by every few minutes.. . I like their desserts (Deep Fried Oreos and Ice Cream, Black and White Sundae, Banana Split, Red Velvet Sundae)  only if I'm with a group because their portions are huuuuge and I don't feel like spending 5 hours at the gym trying to burn the calories from their desserts! Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is a must-have though - but again, it's meant to be shared.. . For their savory items, I've tried their Ahi Tuna Salad (wishing it had negative calories to lower my caloric intake from the hot chocolate! Ha!), ABC Burger (avocado, brie and caramelized onions), Foot Long, Egg White Frittata, Chicken and Waffles and their High Heel Pump (prosciutto, arugula, mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, pesto and balsamic Glaze).  I've always wanted to try their Foot Long Haute Dog with gold leaf, truffles and foie gras but they only have it their New York shop (which was closed due to rat infestation the last time I went).. . With Serendipity, I'm guilty of my willingness to pay for cute, the name (which the movie was named after and a portion was filmed) but mediocre food. I still like them for their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.
Whenever in vegas buffets a must. I only come here when childrens are with our party and we usually just hop on for the frozen hot chocolate here. Its worth sharing. The other items we usually order is the appetizers which is ok not the best. I never got the chance to try the main entrees here. It is overpriced and personally rather do the buffet in ceasars.
Yes I became a fan just because of that evil yes evil the one and only LV steak strip sandwich if you give me garlic bread, eggs, steak and bacon you made me a fan, you gotta try this!
This is our go to breakfast spot on our departure from Vegas...we normally stay at Nobu Hotel so location is very close...S3 has a huge menu so it's a little overwhelming at first...being from the south,one thing that grabbed my attention were the chicken and waffles...very good decision,they were both excellent...my wife had the frozen hot chocolate that was out of this world...huge portions,great drinks and excellent service...this will remain as our departure breakfast tradition.. Overall-Good Pull
Known from the movie, "Serendipity," this place is worth going if you're with a counterpart.  Went here to get their delicious choco-holic drinks and it was good! I mean, it didn't cause a nuclear reaction in my brain, but it did satisfy my choco-loving palate.  Service is so-so considering that this is located in Las Vegas.  Choco-lovers, go here for the experience and taste, otherwise you must decide upon your own personal judgment.. . Ambiance: 4. Flavor: 4.5. Presentation: 4.5. Service: 4. Price: 4. . Grade: 4.2
This is a fun place to do (1) time. . If you have a birthday or any celebration this is a GREAT place to go just for desert. They have this crazy treasure chest that would probably feed like 25 people or more. Its a very clever and fun menu. . . The frozen hot chocolate is kind of a signature item for them, its good, but you need a person to help you with it. Get a coupon from one of the Harrah's hotel chains ( Rio, Quad, Caesars, Flamingo, Harrah's, Paris, Bally's ) when you check in go over there and you can get a free frozen hot chocolate with purchase of a meal. The food is above average and a bit on the pricey side ( even for Vegas ) Fun to do at least one time.
The portions are HUGE!. Came here for breakfast and the omelets are ginormous! They were very filling and tasty as well! I might just share one next time. . The Frozen Hot Chocolate was good as well, but pretty overpriced. . I believe there was a coupon in the booklet they gave us when we checked in at Planet Hollywood, but we didnt see it until after we left.
We walk right in and after a 15min wait we were seated. Our server,  Izzy, was great! He helped us choose our food and had a very funny personality. My friend kept dropping her fork so when I told him "sorry we can't take her anywhere, she keeps dropping her fork" after the second time. He said, "Well that's too bad because I don't give a fork," came back with a hand full of forks, drop them on the table causing us all to laugh hysterically! We are a very sarcastic group and he went right along for the ride. Giving as good as he was getting from us.  .  . His food suggestions were spot on and delicious. He suggested the steak and egg sandwich on garlic bread, we all split. The steak was tender, the eggs cooked perfect, the garlic roll it was server on was nice and crusty, and who can say more about bacon! Saw the hotdog and just had to have one. He warned me it was a foot long which made laugh because of the suggestive nature of a foot long weiner. So I changed my order to the chili dog, realizing, laughing at myself, as it came out that it too  was a foot long! The French fries were great, the kind that stay crispy forever. . . The prices were high, but the portions were huge. So it kind of evens out. Just sad that I don't have a triple stomach so we could have the ice cream they are famous for. So next visit we will just go for the ice cream!  And Izzy of course!
Came for dessert late at night and got the Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Creme de la creme cheese cake. Geez, that cake is huge, it's like for 4 people or something, we took most of it in a box and it was our breakfast for 2 more days (it's Vegas, so yes, breakfast!). The Reeses Peanut butter and chocolate drink I had was great but a little too sweet for me, but what an I say, I enjoyed it! Service is great, the place looks a little ran down, probably because so many people come through here all the time and it's always crowded and loud.
Good for breakfast the breakfast quesadilla and the breakfast crescent-wich was really good. and the orange juice is fresh squeezed yum.
Of Course we came here to see what all the hype is about. Now I'll start with the fact that their food is yummy...our server was VERY attentive, and the scenery (being on the strip) was a fun experience overall.. . My husband got the steak sandwich and I got the burger. Both were really. We got an order for cheese fries as an appetizer & a soda each.. . The only reason I'm knocking one star off is because it is very pricey.. . Lunch for my husband and I cost us $70+ .. eeek.... . Glad I experienced it, but probably wont come back unless its for dessert !
Had the famous "Frozen Hot Chocolate!" It was very yummy!  Great place for families. 45 min. wait for a party of 10 on a Saturday afternoon, and sat us at two different tables.  It was well worth the wait!  I'd come back to try all the other yummy items on the menu.
Came here with my mom for brunch today at around 12:30, was told it would be around a 20 minute wait. They sent me the ready text in around 10-15 minutes. The menu was big, lots of yummy sounding items so it took me a while to decide what I wanted.. . I ended up ordering the lucky 7's: 2 pancakes, 2 sausage links, 3 eggs any style, & breakfast potatoes. DELICIOUS. Their breakfast puts places like IHOP & Denny's to shame. I couldn't even finish half of it because it was so much food. The potatoes were delicious but they could have gone a little easier on the salt. . . My mom got the fruit bowl: plain yogurt & granola in a coconut & raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, & a few slices of apple. We both agreed there could have been a little more fruit for the price we paid. We also wished there were more options for the flavor of yogurt & not just plain. Nonetheless, it was tasty & good when you just want something light.. . To drink we shared the famous frozen hot chocolate. There's an option to get the size for 2 but honestly we were fine sharing the regular size, we ended up not even finishing it. It was delicious though & I can definitely see why it's so famous. . . Service was great: waitress was attentive & kind. . . I would love to come back to this place soon & try many of the other items on their menu! Maybe even the $88 dessert (;
This review is solely on the Oreo frozen hot chocolate. Omgoodness it was seriously love at first sip! I literally said omg and wow afterwards! The taste was nothing like I have had before, it was so creamy and smooth. It is definitely the best milkshake I have ever had, not too thick nor liquidy. The whip cream on top was delicious! . . I am a sweets person and was thoroughly impressed. At $11, it is quite expensive for a milkshake but it was honestly worth every single penny (and calorie) :D
Great tomato soup and frozen hot cocoa
yum... delish. expect a wait cause its crowded but they certainly do make sure their customers are satisfied.
What do I do after arriving in Vegas from a four year exile? Go to Serendipity 3! . . Hearing raves and viewing countless photos of frozen hot "insert your flavor here", I just had to see what the hype was all about. For a very hot day the lines were very short. I was already on a quest for the frozen hot beverages, but wanted to see if I can sample anything else. After gazing at the big menu for a couple minutes, my mind was already made up before I looked at the menu.. . Since I was in the city of sin, I ended up ordering two frozen hot drinks. One frozen hot chocolate and one peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. Both drinks were both smooth and creamy, especially the peanut butter one. The miniature ice chunks in the drinks gave the drink a iced coffee feeling. The drinks were both topped with whipped cream, but had their identifying flavors in the cup. The frozen hot chocolate was topped with chocolate chips. And the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate had peanut butter at the bottom of the cup.. . I would say that these drinks are a pretty pricey, but hey I was in Vegas! At least this was a better investment than the slots or tables. That's another story.
I love this place. Big portions. Cool atmosphere.
While I am not a big fan of the frozen hot chocolate (think glorified Frappuccino), the sundaes here are delish, as is the ridiculously overstuffed grilled cheese. Definitely recommend sharing both of these (or anything here, really), as you will be lucky not to keel over of a heart attack on the spot even eating half of each.
Just landed in Vegas looking for some breakfast, decided to hit Serendipity 3 from one of the group members' suggestions.  I ordered the french toast log...whoa!  It was huge!  But it was actually quite light because the bread is a brioche.  I was going to skip on the whipped cream, but the berries were so sweet and the fresh whipped cream went so well with it, how could I not eat everything!  Great breakfastselection!
Came here on a good day. Sat outside the patio. It wasn't crowded, we were attended to right away and the wait for the food wasn't so bad. 15min wait maybe?. . Girls will love the place. The menu, setting and the food had a very..um..girly feeling. Got the frozen hot chocolate - so good, we couldn't finish it. The entrees were a good portion. Prices were affordable.
I came to Serendipity 3 last year with family and friends. We went inside, it was PACKED!!! I order some food. Love the Milk Shakes, Hot Dog that's about the length of my arm, and I didn't have the chance to try the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. Serendipity serves BIG CAKES TOO!! . Man, I should come here next time.
Fun place, good food & huge portions!
I really enjoyed our time at Serendipity.  It's mostly a dessert place though they have a large menu which includes food.  We went after dark and sat on their patio.  It was heated and had a wonderful fountain view and was positioned for people watching as it opens to the strip.  We really enjoyed our coffee and we purchased cute little gifts for our family back home like frozen hot chocolate mix.  The service was fantastic and we enjoyed hearing stories about people who have ordered their $1000 ice cream! Also, the prices are reasonable!  I know it's hard to believe and perhaps a little funny to say after mentioning that they have a $1000 ice cream but our coffees were only $8 and the chocolate mix was also $8 = a rarity in Las Vegas.
Yes, Serendipity is a little gimmicky, but I LOVE creative breakfast food and I love going out for breakfast when I am on vacation! . . I went to Serendipity twice in one trip so, that says something. My initial visit was to meet fellow Yelper, Michael U. We ordered the strawberry balsamic waffle and the hot chocolate french toast. Then, we complete the meal with carrot cake! . . Of the three, my favorite was the strawberry balsamic waffle. The waffles were fresh, tender, and had some good malt flavor that I love. The balsamic syrup was a prefect compliment to the fresh berries and cream. It required no additional syrup, which should tell you it was REALLY good because I usually drown everything in syrup at breakfast.. . The hot chocolate french toast had potential, but the bread was cut SO thick that the custard was unable to penetrate the entire slice of bread leaving a very dry piece of stale hot chocolate bread. Not ideal, however, about 1/3 of the dish was very good.. . The carrot cake was pretty standard in my book. Very dense, lots of gooey cream cheese icing, served cold, sundae style with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. A solid carrot cake!. . My next visit was two mornings later with my boyfriend, who missed the breakfast with Michael U. due to the previous night's outing. He ordered the huevos rancheros and I had the sinners and saints french toast. The huevos rancheros were Napolian stack style and just OK. A little greasy from the chorizo with a basic green sauce. The Saints and sinner french toast was nothing like I'd imagined and was so good! One side is savory with an over easy egg and bacon, the other side is sweet with berries and whipped cream served with supper crispy 'breakfast potatoes'. I enjoyed both sides of this super moist, buttery french toast with syrup and ate as much as I could leaving the untopped middle for the birds (figuratively).. . Service both times was efficient, but not memorable. The staff doesn't seem to be overly passionate about service. However, it sufficed, and both times we didn't have to wait for a seat and only had to wait for refills on one occasion during each sitting. I've had worse service for sure. . . Prices are on par with other restaurants in the area. Think: resort pricing. . . I'd rank Serendipity with Hash House for a very good breakfast on the strip, but not even close to ranking near the Griddle Cafe (LA) or Skillet RUF (Cbus).
I'd go just for the frozen hot chocolate. I got the Monty Carlo sandwich and it was pretty good but nothing to write home about. My friend is a local and she always gets the three cheese grilled cheese with tomato bisque and it was amazing. I'd recommend that if anything
3 stars for food 4 stars for ice cream baby! The servings here are awesome. I can eat this stuff fur every meal of the day. Ice cream that is. I could look elsewhere for better food.
I think this is the perfect place for a girls night out. It is pink and candy coated and has a great pictures ops. The deserts are pricey but HUGE. Like three of us could share a sundae. The service is a little slow but I imagine that is in part due to the crowds. Sit on the patio and people watch, it is fun!
Pricey? Yes. Get what you pay for? Yes. While I think over $5 for any drink that's non-alcoholic is too much, I have to say the s'mores hot chocolate was worth paying for! It was awesome! We also got the humble pie. I'm pretty sure they used a whole jar of peanut butter in one slice! It was massive! It had to weigh 5 lbs! Make sure to bring people to share these great desserts with :-)
Love the concept of Frozen Hot Chocolate!! The children love them... The prices are crazy expensive that's my only complaint... But we still stop and have it whenever we are in town..
Pink, orange, pink, orange!  I love the color theme here!!  Yes, it's kinda girly, but hunny came with me anyway & we had a great time! . . We came by for late night desserts & sat in the patio area.   It was perfect as we got to people watch over the Strip.  There are some crazy people out there. Oh ladies, you shouldn't wear heels to walk around the Strip.  Too many people are walking around in pain!. . We got the famous Frrrozen hot chocolate for 2 ($15).  That thing is huge!  And they know my style, lots of whipped cream!   :D  The famous drink is pretty good & chocolatey but wasn't blow my mind good.   I would like to try the other flavors (there are a few if 'em) eventually. . . Inside the restaurant,  they love Hello Kitty as much as me!  They had a bunch of HK items.  They also sell the Frrrozen hot chocolate mix to make at home!   ;). . I really liked the ambiance in the patio,  but not so much in the restaurant. . . Oh, when you give your name to the host,  they take your cell phone & text you when your table is ready!   Love that! . . They offer traditional American food & have menus posted on the front of the restaurant.
I am a fan of this place, thus it gets a 4* - nice friendly staff, positive environment, big menu (size and content), and big portions.  Drinks are a little pricey but other than that good prices too.
Great frozen hot chocolate!!  Cute restaurant near the Bellagio.  Wait was a little long but worth it.
Frozen Hot Chocolate is to die for!! You can never go wrong with this place. Make reservations ahead of time if you can, that cuts off the 45mins and so on wait! . . Our party waited for about 45 mins to be seated, but I thought it wasn't that bad since my girlfriend waited about 2 hours the last time she went. They get your cellphone number too and text you when you're table is ready. +1 star ! . . The only thing I don't like about this place is the wait for FOOD. It's a looooooooooooong loooooooooooooong wait!  - 1 star. . We all ordered "The Hangover Omelette" ($15.00) and it was very satisfying. It has Bacon, Mushrooms, Cheese, and Fries inside. BOMB! Since I love BACON!! It also comes with either Breakfast potatoes on the side or their seasoned fries for Brunch. + 1 star. . . And for the Finale, the reason of our visit... we had the Famous Original Frrozen Hot Chocolate. They come in two sizes. One for $11 and To share for $15. Heavenly!!!! It was so good and perfect for me since I got a sweet tooth! ;) They also offer a few more flavors of the Frozen Hot Chocolate.. and will definitely try when I come back. + 2 stars. . The best $100 we spent on food! ;)
The best frozen hot choclate which im sure you already know, they should divide into more lines than just a giant one wrapping around the place, and the bar should be a lot bigger. None the less the food is great and the drinks are strong. Gotta love it
This is such a great place for brunch/lunch, especially if you're hungover or just plain starving. The decor is cute, the atmosphere fun. I love creative brunch menus which don't just have the same stuff as every other brunch place-- this does require a lot of reading though. . So I wanted pancakes, but also was intrigued by the banana cream waffles-- they were flexible and let me have the sliced bananas and cream sandwiched between pancakes; and omg it was probably the best pancake dish I have ever had. . Also shared the huevos rancheros which were pretty good. . Our friends got the French Toast Log which was utterly ridiculous-- I'm sure it's about 6000 calories. One got the frozen hot chocolate which I guess is the thing to get here-- you can also get it to go. . The wait and service takes a while, but it was fun to hang out on the outdoor patio which faces the street/Flamingo.
20 min wait with lots of tables available and barely anybody on labor day WTF???? Seems a little but snobbish even though it looks like it does...but it's the strip so what did you expect...anyhow...love the frozen hot chocolate, that is pretty much the only thing I like about this place or many on the strip...
$14.00 Mimosas???  But delicious! I recommend signing up with Total Rewards (Cesar's Palace) You get a discount, which I didn't know about till after my 2nd trip here. This is a great place for brunch/lunch, make reservations because they tend to have a wait. They have inside and outside seating. I absolutely love their Mac & Cheese!
It's an absolute tourist destination (duh) and its usually always busy. What is nice is that while of course you're paying more than you would at an off-strip dining establishment, you're at least feeling like you're getting your moneys worth. My favorite cholesterol level raising option is their steak sandwich. It comes on a loaf (yeah a goddamn loaf) of garlic bread, an entire NY strip steak, bacon, and perfectly runny over easy eggs. It's $22 bucks (it seems pricey, I know), but it's big enough to share and both parties will be full and a little bit closer to a heart attack. Another favorite of mine is the lump crab and artichoke dip.It's decadent, indulgent, it's everything you want in a creamy, rich appetizer. I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about the frozen hot chocolates. I've tried the original, the peanut butter, and the cookies and cream. Cookies and cream is my favorite, it's creamy, sweet and I'm sure it goes straight to your thighs. The original is alright, but I feel like it is missing the creaminess that like in a cold chocolate drink. Peanut butter was kinda gross and I didn't finish it. It had a lot more to do with the peanut butter taste not really gelling with the cold uncreamy texture that's inherent in this drink. If you really like peanut butter taste, but don't require a creamy texture, i.e. you eat crunchy peanut butter, you'll probably like it. If you like creamy peanut butter like Texans love guns, skip it. . . Service is hit or miss here. Usually good, but sometimes (especially if you're sitting outside I've noticed) your server seems to forget you and you have to wait for everything. The other thing I'm not a fan of is there indoor seating arrangements. I understand you want to maximize your space with tables because mo' tables, mo' money, but it's pretty cramped inside. Overall, if you're living in town and wanted to try it, try and go on a weekday during the low season. If you're an out-of-towner wanting to try this place out, prepare for a long wait (maybe have dessert BEFORE dinner and grab an iced hot chocolate while you're waiting) and consider sharing.
Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Get it. There are over 200 items on the menu, but no matter what sounds delicious to you, make sure to save room for a frrrozen hot chocolate. It's a New York classic that is now in Las Vegas. . . Yes, Serendipity 3 is a tourist trap and the pink, white and orange decor may blind you upon entering the restaurant, but it's worth a trek through Caesar's Palace. Sit outside and watch the tourists and the cars go by the Flamingo Hotel & Casino.. . If you're interested in the food, it pays to become a member of the Total Rewards program in the casino. You can save $1-$2 on entrees. . . If you have to use the restroom, do it before you go in. It's located outside a little ways away from the restaurant.. . I was here in early November around 3pm and there was no wait, no lines, no problems. The service was pleasant and I have no complaints about anything. We did not eat here, so I cannot comment on the food, but we did have two frrrozen hot chocolates. I'd never had one and I was interested to know what all the hype was about. It really does taste like frozen hot chocolate. It's chocolaty, a hint of salt, a lot of crushed ice and yes--it does resemble a Swiss Miss packet covered with a mound of whipped cream, but it's Vegas! Of COURSE it's overpriced! It's on The Strip--what do you expect? But $15 is a totally reasonable price for a large goblet full of frrrozen, chocolatly, creamy goodness (for two).
This place has been on my Vegas To Do list for quite some time. Finally got a chance to check this place out! There's usually a wait for this place, but you can always choose to sit at the bar. You can order and eat there too. . . We wanted to go all out here. Go big or go home! Here's what we ordered:. . + Amaretto Almond Frozzzzzon Hot Chocolate. + Fried Oreo Sunday. + Crabcakes Benedict. + Fried Eggs Benedict. . The crabcakes was soooooooooooo delicious! The fried eggs one wasn't as good. I enjoyed the frozon hot chocolate. It didn't really tastes like hot chocolate, more like the amaretto. It's quite pricey and more of a novelty. I was a little iffy about the fried oreos but they were delicious and it didn't feel too bad eating them. Everything was so sweet. Almost got a toothache here. . . They have a to go window, which is nice if you're not interested in a full sit down meal. . . I was debating between 3-4 stars. It is quite overpriced to dine here, but if you can get vouchers from your hotel or comps from the casino it'll be better. Remember to bring your TR card to discounts. It's a little overrated for the frozen hot chocolate, but the food is yummy.
The Frrrozen hot chocolate makes this place worth a stop as we ambled up & down the strip. Acually came here twice, just for this! Food is just OK; portions are large, but the breakfast quesadilla, smoked chicken quesadilla, and cheeseburger were average.  Also a bit pricey- $50 for breakfast is a bit much. Come early for meal times for no wait- here at 8:15 for breakfast one day, 11:30 for lunch with no wait.
Frozen hot chocolate... That should be the end of my review right there.. . I went to this place on my last trip to Vegas. It was an easy stroll to the front of the casino where we were staying. The wait was long, and cold, on a Sunday morning but we expected it.  I think the food is as you would expect at many of the cafes inside the casinos but what we wanted was the dessert. We saw most of the tables ended their brunch with the frozen hot chocolate... Worth a try!
I can't attest for all the other reviews of long lines and wait times. I guess I only go to Vegas at non-peak travel times or crave frozen hot chocolate during weird times of the day. I've never had a wait here. The desserts are amazing. All of them. Yes my sweet tooth filled with cavities has tried most of them.. . The meals are of epic proportions. Two girls should really split one plate. None of my friends could finish any of their dinners. I love that they have a full menu all day long. Breakfast omelet for dinner along with your banana split? Go ahead! It's Vegas! Nobody is judging you!. . There is also a take out window so you can get your noms to go. Overall one of my go to places while in Vegas.. . Plus: I love the outdoor heaters while in Vegas during the wintertime!
The portions are HUGE. If you order a slice of cake you better be ready to devour half a cake, not kidding. It's a definite must to try their signature frozen hot chocolates. I loved the white frozen hot chocolate with raspberries. The service was wonderful!
Love the frozen hot chocolate! Great place to go for a snack or dessert if you're a local and want to go out on the town or visiting tourist!
I've enjoyed everything that I've tried here thus far. The triple decker grilled cheese and tomato soup is a must try, and the chicken tenders is probably one of the best I've tasted. Don't forget to leave room for dessert - the cheesecake is a fave. The service is fast and friendly; even at their busiest time, the wait was short. The only issue that I have is the lack of space between some of the tables. I've experienced having to sit at a table that was against a wall and in between 2 big parties where the backs of our chairs were literally touching each other. It's hard to really enjoy your meal when you can hardly move.
Good food for a decent price and portion size. No reservation needed but they do get crowded. We had the onion rings, burgers, pizza and can't say no sunde. My group enjoyed their food, we all agreed it was the best we had the whole time we were in town. We also went to Battistas, next to Ballys.
