Amazing burgers and fries.  I love the variety they offer too.  The service could be much better, it was 1am and they were pretty much rude to us.
Yes. Yes yes yes yes yes. I've always wanted to go to one of Hubert Keller's restaurants (Fleur de Lys being at the top of that list). But since we were in Vegas, we decided to hit up Burger Bar. Okay, for the record, it took us for-ever to find it in the casino, our fault for not being able to navigate I suppose.. . Food: Obviously known for their burgers, the range of flavors starts with a run-of-the-mill cheeseburger, to a fine dining Rossini Burger (Kobe burger, sauteed foie gras, shaved truffles, and a rich brown sauce). I settled somewhere in the middle with a Bacon, Cheddar Kobe burger. Very juicy, great bread (a choice of 4), and well-seasoned onion rings. Fries were also really good (offered thick or thin). But the coup de grace was their shake. A nutella shake. NUTELLA....SHAKE. It's freakin genius and I have no idea why it's not sold everywhere. It originally was suppose to have chocolate ice cream. When I asked the waitress which shake I should get, she suggested the Nutella shake, but with vanilla ice cream. Let me tell you....I will be forever grateful to that waitress. Possibly the best shake I've ever had. Rich, creamy, topped with a chocolate whipped cream and garnished with hazelnuts. Friends also had some alcoholic shakes, which were also really great. . . Service: Awesome service. Aside from the life-altering choice my waitress helped me with, the servers were good about keeping our glasses filled and coming around every once in a while to check on us. . . Overall: I wish there was one near San Diego, alas, to eat at a Burger Bar you must be in Vegas, St. Louis, or San Francisco. But a great restaurant, with awesome service. Oh, did I mention there was a tv in our booth? No? There was. It was awesome. Forewarning: They don't have restrooms in the restaurant and the trek to the bathroom is nice little stroll. But who cares when you can have one of the best shakes ever?
The burgers here are delicious but not the best I've had. I liked it here because of the environment, the service, and of course, the food:) There was a nice lady who took a pic of my bf and put it on keychains for no charge..but of course you gotta tip her:) I liked this place a lot.
Absolutely loved this place...  went there twice in a 4 day stay...lol. Had the kobe/bacon/cheddar/ciabatta/sweet potato fries  twice...  buddy of mine had a pesto/mozzz/kobe burger that looked unreal...  drinks were pretty good,  decent beer selection,  nice frozen cocktail selection..  A must visit for me when i'm in town...
Always a good choice.  What is interesting about this place is that I have been here many times and never ordered the same thing and never been disappointed.  The servers can be really slow, even when they aren't busy.  Ultimately, the food is too good for a medium priced restaurant to care :)  With all of the toppings, the choices are endless, but my personal favorite is the turkey burger on wheat, with sprouts, pickles, asparagus, swiss, and pesto.  Gotta love it.... wish I was there now...
Hands down BEST milkshake EVER! Nutella milkshake, yeah you rock!. . Now the burgers... SO big I could only finish half of mine. Can't remember which one I picked right now (went back in Nov) but I can still remember the taste! So moist and the bread so soft and fresh!. . And dessert... it looks like a burger but was really a donut! Your eyes played tricks on you and your mouth was confused but oh the taste was delightful! Seriously get the burger/donut for dessert! Can't go wrong!
Hubert Keller, Thank you!. . This is a fantastic burger spot, the only problem is the ridiculous wait you'll have to endure and the highprices for beer.  Seriously $22 for a pitcher?!?!. . How do you know Burger Bar is legit? Here's how.... Me: Peppercorn burger. Waiter: How'd you like that cooked?. Me: Medium Rare. Waiter: It might still be bloody is that ok?. Me: OMG YES! (rolling eyes in anticipation of amazing nom nom nomness). . The peppercorn aspect of the peppercorn burger actually sucked.  Not enough peppercorn flavor at all, I was expecting an all enveloping thick & crunchy crust of peppercorns.  All I got was a light sprinkling. The peppercorn sauce on the side didn't help.  Don't get me wrong, still a fantastic overall burger but lacking the essential flavor I wanted.. . The sliders are great great.  Meat is very flavorful and juicy but you might still be hungry afterward. 3 sliders doesn't necessarily fill up a growing boy.. . As for the fries, sweat potato fries are good.  The regular fries on the other hand were great.  They look like Burger King's fries, but are fantastic, thin, crispy, crunchy all the way through (not greasy at all).  I am a fan!. . PS. They have an extensive beer list.  Get lost in it, try something new, try something different.
Fantastic. Kobe burger is the BEST. Be prepared for a long lineup though
The brainchild of Hubert Keller, Burger Bar is a hip burger spot housed inside the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.  Loud alternative music, hungover patrons and waitresses rocking the black hair/fair skin and tatts look make up the atmosphere.  Wait staff is really friendly, attentive, and quick.  BB has a solid draft and bottled beer list -- I had the Deschutes Inversion IPA on tap and husband had the Mirror Pond bottled.  I had the classic burger, medium rare, with avocado and sweet potato fries.  Husband had the Kobe buger which tasted like butter.  Classic burger was a good, solid burger, perfectly cooked to my expectations.  If you are feeling a big juicy burger and fries, then this is your place.
Had to try a Hubert Keller restaurant while visiting Sin City.  Burger Bar was not a bad first choice.  My husband and I split one of their ginormous burgers, the American Classic.  It was really flavorful with a very juicy patty and lots of caramelized onions to top it off.  Loved the decor and the laid back feel of the place.  Also, don't have the burger without some flavorful sweet potato fries.  Good seasoning and really flavorful dipping sauces.  I think we went with the chipotle aioli...yumm.  I'd def spend money here instead of Keller's Fleur just steps away.
The night we went it was PACKED and there was a 1 hr wait for a table so we had take out instead, and that only took 20 minutes.  The burgers faired pretty well as take out but there were a couple of hiccups.. . Once back in our hotel room, we found that they only gave us 2 of the 3 burgers we ordered and 1 of the burgers had extra toppings, all the toppings of the burger that was missed.  Thankfully, the burgers were pretty big and we ordered 3 sides so there was enough to share.  We had the American Classic with a fried egg and a buffalo burger with caramelized onions, mushrooms and cheese/bacon/fried egg.  One of the two fried eggs popped on the way back to the hotel but it was still pretty good.  The buffalo burger was very juicy and perfectly medium rare, even though it was 25 minutes before it was eaten.. . The sweet potato fries were ok as were the regular fries.  The mozzarella sticks were not great but that's because they were take out, ifthey were eaten right away at the restaurant, they may have been better.. . The best part of this meal was that when we called the restaurant to let them know they left a burger off, the guy immediately accommodating and  said the meal would be comped for the mix up.  Pretty good customer service!  That's Vegas for ya!
When I think of Hubert Keller, I don't think of this place at all.. . The environment here makes me think of a higher end biker bar. All the waitresses are wearing hip hugger jeans, tight black spaghetti straps with their midriffs showing, cleavage popping and their tramp stamps proud and loud. That said, the waitresses are all very sweet and accommodating. . . I ordered the Hubert Keller burger which is a buffalo on ciabatta bread with spinach, caramelized onions, blue cheese, and the usual condiments. I liked it a lot, and it was very juicy as well. I loved the sweet potato fries which the waitress allowed me to substitute at no additional cost.. .  My other party member built their own burger: kobe beef with mushrooms, caramelized onions, avocado, and some other condiments that escape my memory. That was actually significantly better than the Hubert Keller burger I had, perhaps it was due to a preference in the meat selection. . . The sizes are filling and I was glad I didn't order a shake, even though I really wanted to. I wouldn't have been able to finish both my burger and a shake without rolling off the escalator in a food coma induced state. If it wasn't so far off from the main Strip, I would come here more often. However, for those driving to and from Vegas, make this your first or last stop on your trip, unless you're staying @ Mandalay Bay. Vegas traffic just isn't worthwhile.
Been here once, a while back to watch a sports game, drink up and of course have a burger! I don't often dine at Gourmet Burger spots but after seeing their wide array of optional toppings.. Yes, Ma'am.. A booth would be nice. Oh and the booths had flush mounted flat screen Tv's, a nice and personaltouch.. . First time around, I went simple: . . Cheese Burger: A Single Angus Beef Patty, American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Mayo. Far Beyond the average so-so typical cheese burger, Much More Appealing!. . French Fries: Fat and Wide, just how I like em'! Bite the burger, grab some fries.. Bite the burger, grab some fries...... . I was absolutely tempted to go with their Kobe burger and maybe some of the more exquisite toppings like foie gras, truffle.. Next time, I'll step it up and use my imagination..
Now, this is more like it!  Being a sortof "Burger Affectionado" The Burger Bar fills my belly and doesn't leave me with a crater in my wallet that Holsteins Shakes, n Buns did.  I ordered the classic and my fav Northcoast PranQster...yummo!  I got a big pile of fries wit, and a side of tomato lettuce, onion and a fresh pickle.  The patty is nearly 2" thick without any of those "mystery pieces" you can't chew...(I think they're lil rubber bands ;) and it tasted wonderful.. My waitress was "Ingrid" at the bar and she was always checking on me and smiling from ear to ear...Sweetheart, do those babies hurt?!  LOL. Burger Bar may trip up once-in-awhile...just not at my table.
After hearing about the Burger Bar for the last two years I finally got a chance to try it and the gourmet burgers are very good. I went with a business associate and we both ordered the Kobe Beef burger which, according to the menu, is produced in the Snake River area. Our burgers were cooked perfectly and were tasty. I ordered the buttermilk onion rings and they were excellent. Maybe the best onion rings I have ever eaten!. . Burger Bar offers a huge selection of condiments to pile on your burger but every item will add a buck or two the the cost of the meal. The Kobe Burger will run $20 so be prepared.. . Service was very good and the iced tea and lemonade are both perfectly prepared. The restaurant reminds me of a loud sports bar and there is loud music playing over the speaker system.  It is very difficult to hear and carry on a conversation.  It is a good choice for quick meal, once you are seated, and a tasty burger.
Kobe Burger was good. Fries were ok and so where the apps. They went homemade which disappointed me because I expected this place to have fresh cut fries and apps but I was wrong. We also got some drinks which hardly had alcohol in em. I knocked off a star for that and the fact the the fries werent fresh cut and the apps were frozen.
Very good burgers - a bit pricey but still delicious
The Hurbert Keller burger is to die for !
One of the best burgers in Vegas!  Well, at least it better be for the price LOL. . Kobe burger+truffle is off the grid good!  I just wish I didn't have to peddle flyers on the Strip to pay for the extravagant price =X. . Great burgers, great shakes, just be prepared to pay for it.
I got the hubert keller with an order of fried jalapenoed pickles and a nutella shake. My entire order was delicious!! The service was good as well. It is a bit pricey but the experience was good. Very casual place you can take the entire family there. located inside mandalay bay.
I stopped in here when I was vacationing in LV last weekend, and it was probably the food-highlight of the trip.  I had the Kobe beef burger with peppered jack cheese, caramelized onions, and the typical burger toppings.  It was fantastic.  The onion rings were also delicious, and the bloody mary I had was hands-down the best I've ever drank.  I don't think I'd go out of my way to visit this place again on my next trip (considering how many places there are to eat in Vegas,) but it's definitely worth checking out if you're close-by.
O.M.G.. Got the black and blue burger. SO good.  . Staff was very nice but honestly the service was pretty slow.  Waited only 5 minutes to be seated, but close to 30 before we got our food. . Dont bother with the garlic fries, they were nothing special.. They have a fantastic selection of hot sauces which made me pretty happy :)
These burgers were really, really good!  Not to mention the generous portion of sweet potato fries with a nice basil aioli to make sure no artery went unclogged.  I went with the HappyNature patty on wheat with Monterey Jack and the regular assortment of burger dressings.   Mmm!  Top on that their good beer selection and you had me actually admitting I was enjoying time in the Miracle Mile.  I think that's illegal to admit as a local...
Good food, good service. Burger was delicious.
the best burger we ever had - each of us - that is for sure. . my wife and I went thereon our first night in vegas. we saw the reviews and figured this is right for us. . restaurant is nice sports bar, very casual, not uptight at all. service was very good. . i had a kobe beef burger just to try cause i figured i need to know if you really need to waist such good cut of meet in a burger. to tell the truth i still do not know. it was a very delicious burger, cooked perfectly they way i love but not sure it was really  the kobe beef vs regular beef with 30% fat...... . my wife had a lean buffalo burger which was also out of this world.. . we each had a different fries with our meals - both were great!. . the toppings you chose to put on the burgers were disappointing and expensive. disappointing cause we felt they take a way from the pure burger taste and some that were over 4$ just is too much for a little bit of this or that....... my wife also took a "salad" side which was just a 7$ very very small ball of very few leafs(less then a hand full) of this and that.....really a joke under any salad standard and a total waist of time. . add tothat 2 beers and you are looking at $80 evening that had a pint + a burger.....so certainly  on the high end side for 2 burgers in a sport bar.. . But and a huge but - they were the best burgers we ever had!!!
Really good. I had the Kobe beef, which was pretty good, but not worth the $17 I paid.  Fries (couple different types to choose from) and the various sauces were real good. Being able to add whatever you want to your burger is very nice, but of course you pay for it.  Wife had to check the burger twice to ensure it was turkey; it tasted so good. Lots of TVs and your pop is constantly full.  Great selection of beer on tap and in the bottle.  Not a whole lot of flavor on the burger would be my only complaint.
Anytime we are in Vegas, we have to swing by Mandolay Place and eat at the Burger Bar..it's definitely a tradition each year.  We never make reservations and they are always able to seat us right away or within 30 min (which is enough time to check out the nearby shops).  . . The Burgers are outstanding and the fact that you can pick from so many toppings, buns, cheeses makes this place just AWESOME. I only wish they had pretzel buns (as those are my fav). Fries are soooooo good. YOu have several choices too. I always get sweet potato fries and they are super duper crisp. Zuchinni fries are so good too. I always tend to overeat--its just so good i try to shove it all in.  They also cook it perfectly--as you wish. I like mine medium and I got mine medium. Prices are reasonable for a customized burger.. . My only complaint is the service. Not sure why, but its a lil' slow. It's not like we are rushing to get outta there, but when you're hungry its a LONG time to wait for your food.  Waiters good be a tid bit friendlier.  . . DEfinitely WORTH a place going to when you're in SIN city.
There's nothing better than customized burgers. Really...there isn't. . . This was our last meal before we left for home. My friends and I shared the fries sampler with sweet potato fries, zucchini fries, and onion rings, and 5 dipping sauces. The sampler came in a holder shaped in three cones. You can imagine that not a lot onion rings fit into that cone. but, they were yummy.. . I was not too keen on some of the sauces. The white bbq sauce was ok and so was the basil aioli. homemade mustard was forgettable. chipotle aioli was ok. cinnamon honey mustard was recommended for our sweet potato fries but i definitely wouldn't dip my sweet potato fries in that. . . 2 friends shared a nutella milkshake. soooo yummy!!! so my other friend and i decided to order another milk shake. We ordered the black and white which was vanilla ice cream and cookie dough shake with chocolate whipped cream. it was ok. not worth $8.75. . . i had the turkey burger on a wheat bun with pepperjack cheese, caramelized onions, and avocado. turkey patty was overseasoned, but the overall taste of it was good. . . Spent about $25 on my meal including tax and tip. A bit steep for a burger joint.
The burgers are very good.  Many combinations to choose from.   I have recommended this restaurant to friends visiting Las Vegas and they all have come back and thanked me.  Stop into Lush for a free hand message afterwards.
I absolutely loved this place! A small group of us were there for my friend's birthday and I had the Hubert Keller Burger with buffalo, baby spinach, blue cheese, caramelized onions, a shallot reduction sauce on a ciabatta bun.... um... AMAZING! I've never had buffalo before and found it very flavorful and lean. The shallot reduction sauce was a little underwhelming and kinda made the burger a big mess.... but a delicious mess!. . Remember... it is Las Vegas so it is a bit pricey.... my burger was about $20, but worth it for Vegas. You spend $20 on a spin at the roulette table so why not for an amazing burger. . . Also had some onion rings and fried zucchini which was great. Some of the best fried zucchini I've ever had. They have a HUGE beer selection which I loved... had a amber ale which was perfect with the burger. . . Our server was great.... very prompt and always had a smile. The hostess however, seemed like she checked out for the day. While she was physically there and seated us quickly, she had -0- personality.. . This is definitely on my list of places to return to when I'm in Vegas :)
Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay. LV: Strip. Saturday April 24, 2011. Four Stars. . 30 Minute Wait.  No Problem.  Slip the Hostess a $20 and the wait seemed to disappear.  I love Vegas b/c all propriety does not exist.  There was a great beer selection but I did not partake b/c I was already wrecked for the last few nights. The waitress filled my water glass at least 15 times. The Surf and Turf Burger was amazing.  The Build Your Own Burger was great too.  Thats all I really remember.
We go here just about every Vegas trip.  The burgers are really good although I can think of a few better ones.  The ability to add almost any toppings is cool.  Sweet potatoe fries - yum. Always a busy place, good selection of beer on tap, great service.
We bypassed the wait by grabbing seats at the bar.  Great beer selection, we went with a pitcher of fat tire which was new to us East Coasters.  Delicious burgers, huge and juicy.  We also had the deep fried pickles which were surprisingly tasty.  Overall it was a great place to sit, grab a burger and relax.
Multiple visits over time here the last year or so but never reviewed... I'll keep it simple 2nd floor in mall above Mandalay Bay  in the shops. Long narrow dining room with booths along the wall as well as double bar area that you can dine at.. . Gourmet Elaborate burgers are the norm, with over 150 beers by the bottle and on Tap.  6 of us for Lunch with the following ordered.. . 3 Kobe Burgers Maybe the best Burger I've ever eaten $16.00 . . 2 Orders of Sliders "Nature" Angus, Buffalo (3) Loved by my amigo $16.00. . 1 Nature Best all natural beef.. (Great but not as flavorful as others). Fries were OK told sweet potatoe fries butter, but the Skinny Fries and Fat Fries were just ok.. . Large Milkshakes with alcohol were ordered which looked Interesting, fattening and good.. . All and all Kobe Burger was outstanding and I'm a repeat customer.
$17.50+ for a Kobe Burger! . . If that didn't sound ridiculous enough, there's a $60+ burger as well on the menu ;). . Burger bar is located between Mandalay Bay & MGM.. Came here for lunch on a Sunday, during the NBA playoffs. Wait time was about 10-15 minutes, not bad.. There's plenty of TV screens above the bar and at every booth, there's a TV screen as well, awesome! . . I ordered a medium well Kobe burger ($17.50) w/ swiss (+$0.70), portobello mushrooms (~+$1.00), & caramelized onions (~+1.00). So after the added toppings, total for my burger was about $20.20 (dammmmmmmmnnnnnnnn) . . I thought the burger was one of the best burgers I've had. The kobe meat melted in my in mouth, it was tender and was full of flavor...delicious!!. We also ordered onion rings, skinny fries, and fat fries. I thought they were average.. . I probably wouldn't come back though, $20 for a burger is quite a lot.
So, we hit this place up twice during our week stay in Vegas. We were at the Luxor, so it was a short walk to get to here.. . To anyone who orders their burgers anything but mid rare-rare. What is wrong with you? That being said, our first experience was pretty awesome.. . We didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes. We ordered the sliders to start and they were heavenly. Anything on brioche is sure to be fabulous.. . I ordered a kobe burger medium rare with jalapenos, jalapeno bacon, guacamole and pepper jack cheese. It was heaven. The husband ordered a kobe as well, but I can't remember what was on his. The only issue I had with the service was that we had to ask for several things that should have come with the burgers. They forgot my bacon and my jalapenos and they forgot my husband's aioli. I had the sweet potato fries. They were delicious.. . The second trip, I ordered the Guinnes float which was fantastic. I ordered a NatureSource burger mid rare, but it came out well done and I couldn't eat it. It was totally dry. The server never came back around after her first check in so when I finally had a chance to tell her that the burger was overcooked, Jared has finished all of his food. She offered me another burger but I said no thank you. I had to refuse two more times because she kept trying to give me another burger. I didn't want to sit and eat while my husband had already finished his meal AND we had reservations for a nice dinner in like 3 hours so we really had to go and get ready for that. They took it off the bill, so no harm I guess.. . I figure that if the service wasn't so spotty, it would be a 5 star place. The burgers are fantastic when cooked right, and the prices are average for Vegas and well worth it for those delicious burgers.
Okay, it's been a while since I was here but since I keep comparing burgers to this place, I had to add this quick review. If you are near the Mandalay in Vegas, and seek a quick/casual lunch, you must try Hubert Keller's take on the american classic. . . I was here with a friend who tends to enjoy the finer things in life, so when he ordered the pricey Kobe Beef Burger, I did the same.After the first large bite into it, you should notice two key things. One: the flavor explosion of the high-quality beef bouncing around your mouth.. and Two: that captivating image of a perfect burger bite, where the juicy medium-rare meat begs you to take another bite, even while you're still chewing the first.. We both wanted to stand up and applaud.. . I don't remember what the fries tasted like.
This burger joint is located at Mandalay Place, a shopping mall located next to the casino. . . Each booth has their own TV so you can watch any channel you want. I would suggest getting a booth to get the full experience of this place. The decor is very "pub" like and is similar to many bars in Vegas. . . I went straight for a strawberry mojito.. it is Vegas by the way. The drink was not too strong and had just the right amount of strawberry flavor. . . I ordered the Kobe burger medium rare.. and it was the perfect fit for me. My burger came in nice and juicy. The meat itself was simply seasoned and charbroiled for several minutes. Each bite literally melted in my mouth. I don't remember even chewing the burger! . . The fries sampler was also pretty delicious. It comes with three different sauces that just makes your five fingers want to reach out for more! . . I would definitely compare this place to Father's Office here in LA. . . The place gets pretty packed but we only had to wait 20 or so minutes to get a table.
If you're into decadent burgers, this is the place for you. Burger Bar is a casual restaurant in the Mandalay Bay which features awesome shakes and gourmet burgers. Pricey for a burger, but I would say it's worth it. . . Get the sweet potato fries.
Probably the best thing you can get inside the Luxor vicinity (in the walkway that connects it with Mandalay). Its a bastard child of Hubert Keller. You really couldn't get any sense of him putting his finger into the place with it looking like any other sports bar in the entire world. Sure you can get foie or lobster on your burger but it just doesn't have the finesse that you might expect from a chef like him.. . Overall its a good burger bar with TVs in each of the booths. and plenty of taps of beers to choose from. You can basically create your own sampler of beers which will range from $2-$6 each depending on which beers you actually pick. The burgers can be built to order with basically anything available for you to add on to.. . As sides i tried their Fried Cheese (love them, reminds me of denny's), and Zucchini fries (tasty, the breading stayed on while eating)
I'd like to start and say this place deserves more a 4.5 stars then a 4.. . So, this was my third time here, me and my best friend go every other year to Vegas, and we always make sure to stop here no matter how far away it is from where we are staying.. . First trip, I ordered the Hubert Keller Burger, which is buffalo, caramelized onions, baby spinach, and bleu cheese on a ciabatta bun, and my friend ordered the same.  Let me tell you, this was absolutely amazing, and i'm not that big of a bleu cheese fan unless its on wings.  This burger was delectable.  Cooked perfectly, and the addition of the baby spinach was nice along with the onions, and on the ciabatta bun, which feel apart 3/4 of the way because it was so juicy.  The burger is easily a 5.  The reason I cant give this place a full 5, is unfortunately because of the fries, which were skinny fries.  Now yes they offer different fries, but ours came with the skinny fries.  These were just a 3, needed a bit more salt and 15 seconds more in the fryer.  . . Drinks, this was the interesting part.  Last time, I ordered multiple beers, they have, in my opinion, a fantastic beer menu.  BUT, I ordered the Mint Choc. Chip Alcoholic Milkshake, which was absolutely amazing.  We also ordered the ice cream beer flight.  Put it this way, every single person in the place looked at us regretting not ordering this for themselves.  I highly recommend.  . . Second trip here.  My friend ordered the Hubert Keller burger again, and I ordered the American Classic.  Again, both cooked perfectly, and consistant, same issue with the fries though.  And again we ordered the alcoholic drinks.  . . Overall.  Easily worth going to over any burger joint on the strip.  . . Trick, take the Tram from Excalibur to Mandalay Bay, saves the looooong walk.
I've been here a few times. We always try to stop here for a meal before we head home from our trip.. . I've yet to try their shakes which I hear are superb, but next time for sure. . . I got their sliders the first time and their classic burger the second time.. The burgers were pefectly done, well to the way I asked for it anyway.. . In summary, the food is good and the service is slow. But I like it.
The burgers here are delicious. In my last trip to vegas i came here twice once in the middle and for my last meal.  I only got the standard burger patty and that was pretty good, i bet the kobe burger is even better.  The patty was juicy and the topings were all fresh (nothing looked like it was prepped a few days ago) and the bacon is delicious for a bacon burger.  The sweet potato fries are good too, slightly sweet and crispy not stale tasting like a lot of other restaurants. . . I love that you get to pick every aspect of yrour burger from the menu so you can create as big or odd a burger as you want.   Prices aren't too bad so i will definietly make a trip here next time i am in town.
I like to say that I am a sweet potato addict. If it is on the menu... I always order it. . . This place probably has the best sweet potato fries! They also have really good burgers (Which would make sense since they are a Burger joint). I have had their Surf and Turf Burger ... which is really good.... but I havent had another surf n turf burger to compare to. . . But anyone who goes here has to try their Hubert Keller burger! They use a Ciabatta bread for the bun and it is a buffalo burger. My cousin tried it (who is a big burger fan)... and he thought it is one of the best burgers he had ever had. You have to go try it for yourself!. . And as for dessert, I personally recommend their Chocolate Burger (which is made with donut for the buns, and some type of nutella and chocolate center for the patty). I only recommend this if you truly have a sweet tooth. But for those who just want a bit of sweetness added to their palate, I would recommend their Sundae Trio. This has a great balance of sweetness to your burger meal.
This place has AMAZING food!  I had the Kobe beef burger with sweet potato fries...YUMMMMM.  We also had some appetizers. They were all delicious!
First of all it's the most anyone will probably pay for a burger in there lifetime at least for me i'm sure! But overpaying for food of humble origins is just part of that Vegas thing for good or ill and I have long made peace with it. The place is accurate in it's name as a bar because the size of the place I feel plays a factor in the long lines. Vegas is about huge volumes of people and this place is smaller then allot of restaurants around the strip so planning accordingly goes a long way to starving less. Personally I say what breaks this place apart from great places I have had burgers is not so much that its miles better. But rather the options to assemble your perfect burger is staggering and the possible combinations equally so. Think of it as your one shot to make a burger in your image and then devour it like a hungry god and you get the idea of this place. If your just ordering a regular burger that you think will surpass the regular burgers back home it might be able to but not by huge margins.
After our disappointing BOA experience the day before we decided to go where we should've gone.. . Even if you don't want one, get a milkshake, you'll be so glad you did.. We always get the American Kobe Burger ($17), we noticed the price went up since the last time we were in. We get them cooked medium, and choose our toppings which cost more, we usually just stick with cheese of some sort. Skinny fries are good, always crisp, never greasy. Of course I got a side of mayo to dip my fries. They do have fancy dipping sauces to try for an additional cost.  . . We went on a Saturday evening and or wait was about 20 minutes. The hostess was nice and the waitress did a good job, she was pleasant and helped us without problems even on such a busy night. Even cooler, we spotted Pete Rose enjoying himself here as well.
my friends and i were absolutely ravenous after our 4 hour drive into vegas. our wait time was about 20 minutes and we were getting grumpier by the second due to the lack of food in our stomachs. also that overpowering scent from lush was nuts.. . food portions are enormous. you definitely get your bang for the buck but just be warned that you're paying for premium products and the fact that all of vegas is overpriced.. . i ordered the plain black angus with fat fries. my friend ordered the sliders and my other friend got the vegetarian patty. my burger was huge. and the fries were delicious. the meat was cooked perfectly medium and was bursting with flavor. the sliders each come with different topping which was a surprise, but a nice one. . . they have a long list of delicious beers as well.
I went here with a group of 20 friends and they were very accommodating. I guess at Vegas they are used to 20 drunken degenerates, so we were nothing out of the ordinary.. . The place is fun and good for groups, they have a wide selection of good beer and the burgers are gourmet burgers. The surf and turf was interesting; I didn't think I would enjoy a burger like that, but surprisingly, they pulled it off well. The onions rings were really great and so were the skinny fries.. . I felt the food was a bit overpriced, but overall, the potions were healthy and Mandalay Bay is a high end casino, so it was expected.
Good burgers but pricey.  For the prices, I expected something amazing.  I still enjoyed the Kobe beef burger.  but I have had better burgers for half the price.
FOOD - 5 stars. AMBIENCE - 3 stars (meh - boring/any old bar and grill feel). SERVICE - 3 stars (meh - passable/not bad enough to complain). . This was our first time at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar.. . We selected:. . 1) Chef's favorite burger with two changes: swapped out buffalo for Kobe beef; swap ciabatta for a soft whole wheat bun.  (Chef's favorite is buffalo with spinach, carmelized onions and blue cheese with a red wine and shallot reduction sauce on ciabatta) -  approx. $25. . 2) Build-Your-Own - Angus beef with green asparagus, oyster mushrooms, bacon and peppercorn cream sauce on a soft onion bun - approx. $17. . 3) Skinny (plain) fries - approx. $3. . 4) Glass of house merlot ($7) and glass of Red Diamond cabernet ($10). . Both burgers were amazing.  They nailed medium rare on both.  We split them in half and shared.  We savored every bite.  We couldn't really decide which we liked better.  The flavor on the Chef's Favorite might've won by a hair, but the texture on the Build-Your-Own was much nicer than the texture on the other (the crisp bacon, al dente asparagus and earthy, slightly chewy oyster mushrooms were all a nice contrast to the tender burger and soft bun; the Chef's favorite was pretty much all soft, melt-in-your-mouth-no-teeth-necessary kind of mouthfeel.). . Fries were good; not too greasy, not too salty.  We rarely ever finishan order of fries, but we ate all of these and dipped some in our burger sauces!. . House merlot was fabulous minus (boring, a bit watery, not fruity like a Merlot should be.)  Red Diamond cab was much better.  It's a $10-11 solid table wine you can find at Sam's Club.  Would've liked to see a little bit bigger selection on the wine list (there were only about 4 reds by the glass and 6-7 total.)  But I guess they want you to drink beer (extensive beer list by country.). . Service was hit-and-miss with server forgetting about us twice for a long time.  Also, right after we sat down, she came by to take our order; we asked for a couple minutes, and when she returned she brought us a check.  She had already set it on the table and started to move on before she realized she had the wrong table.  That was a precursor on the service.  It wasn't horrible, it was just thoughtless.  Either she was distracted or tired or somewhat indifferent to her job (not sure which.). . Ambience was also a disappointment.  I would've expected something unique or inventive.  Nada.  Take away the menu and the food and I could've been in any average burger place anywhere.  No hint I was in a top-tier chef's restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  Kinda noisy; too many little kids and crying babies for my thinking (we had a 10:30 PM dinner.). . But for me, food is king, and the food was grand.  We were pleasantly surprised by the bill; under $65 before gratuity.  It was yummy enough that I actually thought, "I could come back here again...tomorrow."
I got a kobe beef patty.  I wasn't blown away.  Nonetheless, the meat had a good flavor - juicy, wholesome.  It didn't taste old or cheap or even worse, it didn't have a cow smell/taste which I've experienced at other gourmet burger places.
Another great experience...  Burgers, Beers & Service.. . Sat at the bar again, which was good since the cook was asleep at the wheel and NOT reading his tickets properly.  I think all of us had something missing from our burgers.  The waitress was very nice about it and was quick to correct the problem... more than once.. . It still tasted awesome and they've got THE best draught beer selection in Vegas!
Stay for a milkshake! We also had bloody marys and requested more blue cheese olives. The waitress gave us a glass full! Good place in the Mandalay.
Went here since I am a fan of Hubert Keller and had been hearing good feedback about Burger Bar. Came in expecting a good burger at $$$ prices. Boy was I pleasantly surprised!. . I ordered the American Kobe Beef burger with sprouts, avocado, and beet root pickle. I wish I had known that the burger itself already comes with lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle as I read the menu as all accompaniments must be ordered separately but I was very happy I got all the extras that I did. I would definitely recommend getting the beet root pickle. I loved it since I am both a fan of pickled things and beets. It really helped cut through the richness of the burger. I didn't notice a huge difference in my Kobe burger since as a whole it still tastes like a burger, albeit a darn good one. My table mates ordered the Buffalo burger (which was a bit more noticeable difference and very good) and the Hubert Keller burger (which again was yummy). I also vouch for the sweet potato fries as they are crispy, ketchup delivering perfection.. . For dessert the table split the Chocolate burger which came out beautifully presented. The chocolate "patty" was chocolate hazlenut between two donuts with strawberries, kiwis, mint and a passion fruit "cheese". It was a great ending and very unique.. . All in all, yes Burger Bar is expensive for a burger but I do believe that we paid for quality and craftsmanship and the portions were more than enough for everyone.
When in Vegas and staying at Mandalay Bay, we always come here for our burger needs.  Hubby loves his kobe beef burger and I just stick with something more simple, the angus burger.  Burgers come with the normal fixings of lettuce, tomatoe and onion, if you want to order any extras like bacon or cheese, there is a charge.  Burgers range anywhere between $10-60.  Damn, I can't imagine getting a burger for $60, but to each their own!  . . I get my angus burger on ciabatta bread and order bacon to be added. . . For drinks, try their Strawberry Mojito.  Yummy!  . Nothing really special about the atmosphere of this place, but the burgers are to my liking.
can you say FABULOUS?! . . So... being a fan of Mr. Keller, I was eager to try out the infamous BB...and boy was I glad we did! . . First off, I love that they let you create your own burger...pick your protein, your toppings, your bun, your sides... voila, it's all YOU! . . I picked an angus beef burger w/blue cheese, seared fois gras and carmelized onions. Needless to say I was in burger HEAVEN with one bite of this concoction! The fois gras was cooked perfectly and covered the patty so no little smear here folks! One little word of caution: we had ordered our patties medium rare but when a friend's came out first and she had medium, we realized that medium was medium rare to them so order one level up IMHO. . . We also had the trio of fries and fried zucchini... all very good and the dipping sauces were a lot of fun and tasty too!. . Definitely worth a destination visit folks....wish HK would open one of these in LA! :-)
Exactly what I expected. Nothing more, nothing less. The donut burger thing was a fun little desert. I would definitely eat there again if I were at Mandalay Bay, and wanted a burger. I wouldn't go too far out of my way for this particular burger. There are a ton of places to get a great burger in Vegas. This place is definitely in the top five.
Top 3 burgers you will ever eat. I'm not going 5 stars because I must go back and try the Jalapeno bacon and Kobe Beef. (yeah jalapeno bacon, i missed it on the menu, heard guy next to me order, DOH!) However, I chose the Hubert Keller burger which after reading description I had to try just because of the combination will soon be replicated in my kitchen:. . Buffalo. Sauteed Spinach . Caramelized Onions. Blue Cheese. Onion Bun. Shallot and Red Wine Reduction Sauce. . Damn good is all I can say. I sat at bar, bartender was very knowledgeable and pleasant. Service was great, atmosphere is hip but casual, come as you are and enjoy. . . Also, they have a $60 burger on the menu,I told myself that is too much for a burger, but then I kept coming back and reading it again and again and asking, is it? ? ? I barely could resist, I know I was going straight to a 3-card table and losing three timesthat amount after dinner, but I didn't pull the trigger...I have to find out why a burger costs $60? Truffles/Foi Gras/Kobe.... One day our paths will cross again.
Went here on vacation. I'm a big burger fan. This place was good! They had a great selection of beers! My bf was stoked about that :). Had great service. Our waitress was a twin of another waitress. It blew my boyfriends mind! It was hilarious!. Had a great time!
Recommended by a Chef, we ate here 2 years ago.  That time was at night and the wait was long, so we sat at the bar and it was delicious! . We recently ate here this past weekend on 7.29.11 for Lunch.  No wait for a party of 6.. Service was prompt in the beginning, but once we ordered, it felt like they had to go to the fields to kill the meat.  Once the food came, we were happy.. I had the Turkey burger with caramelized onions, swiss, button mushrooms, on an onion bun YUM!  My hubby had the buffalo burger with pepperjack, oyster mushrooms - also yummy!  Onion rings and fries were yummy.  Fried zucchini were okay.. Now, the NUTELLA CHOCOLATE SHAKE was like a drinkable Italian Perugina Baci candy!  Order this as a dessert because it is REALLY rich! . For sure, we're making this a regular for all Vegas trips.  Thanks Chef Hubert Keller for Burger Bar! . . One last tip, you can park in the Shops at Mandalay valet parking if you don't want to park in the main valet for casino/hotel.
Ate my first Kobe burger her in Nov. 2011.  VERY good and under $20!  Tender and awesome!
Burger Bar. This place is RIDICULOUS. The last time I went there I ordered the Kobe beef burger. That was hands down, the most delicious and juicy burger ever consumed by my mouth. Yes, it was expensive. It was about $16 but it was well worth the price of admission. The burger came with all the fixings as well as a giant portion of fries and a pickle quarter. . . The next time I stop at the Mandalay, I'm heading straight to the Bar.
i love this place. Good place to have a beer and a good burger. Not just typical burgers. this was my kids first bar experience. The quality and knowledge of the food was great. They have many burger choices. Being a picky eater this was perfect for me. My family loves this place out of all the fancy burger places in vegas
Whiskey Milkshake. I think that's probably all I have to say. This place can be pretty pricey, but the food is good and you get exactly what you want andknow how the price builds from the start. The highlight of my experience was the milkshake. Holy heck, it was awesome and delicious. . . Our service was great. The waitress didn't bat an eye when we asked for 7 separate checks. They wait to be seated with a big group was super short and the general atmosphere was very layed back.
I made a big mistake when I tried to come here with a large group. If you have more than 4 people, find a way to ditch most of them, then run as fast as you can to Burger Bar.. . OK, full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian rating a burger place. Most people will think I don't know what I'm talking about. Fine, whatever. Since I don't eat meat, I have become very picky about my veggie burgers. Most places that serve them give you a frozen patty that was made in a factory somewhere and the waitress has no idea what it is. Blah... Burger Bar is NOT like that. They may emphasize the meat, but it was one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. (Only one better is the black bean burger at Malibu Grill in Bloomington, Indiana).. . My dining companions enjoyed their meaty burgers, and they said their sweet potato fries were very tasty. I was in the mood for more exotic fare, so I got the zucchini fries. WOW!!! Freaking awesome! Gimme more!. . For dessert I had the nutella milkshake. Most people at the table were sharing and passing around desserts but not me. You will pry this shake from my cold dead fingers. It was perfection.
The Burger Bar is one of the best burger joints I have been to. They have a great selection of craft beers and I don't even have to go on about the burgers. I would love to say I have many of the burgers but the fact of the matter is whenever I have been there I say I am going to try something new but I can't get past the kobe burger or the bison burger. Plenty of fantastic toping and the burgers are always cooked to perfection. The service is always fast and extremely friendly.
This place was delicious.  There was a 20 minute wait and when our time came they offered us the table right in the opening of the place, you know, that table where everyone waiting to be seated stares at what you're eating.  No thanks, we said we'd take the next table.. We ordered 2 custom burgers.  We also got a fry sampler with thin fries, macaroni and cheese croquettes and onion rings.  We had 5 dipping sauces to go along with it.  The "what seemed to be manager" took our order because the person who was suppose to be our waiter didn't seem on the ball.  The dipping sauces came out immediately, but the fry sampler which the manager said would come out first, well it came all at once with the burgers.  We didn't eat it all though since we were so into our burgers.. Great place, but the service was lacking for the price we paid.
Every time I am at Mandalay Bay for a convention I ended up here for lunch. It isn't cheap, but it is consistent. The burgers are always good, not amazing, but the sides are really good. The fries, rings and fried pickles are always tasty.. . You can build you own burger basically, so the bill can added up if you do not watch. For a burger, fries and a soda it is usually around $20, so be prepared when you sit down. . . Considering that everyone else in town for a convention eats at Border Grill or Red, White and Blue it is worth the walk to Burger Bar because you can sit down right away usually.
I've been here a few more times than I would have liked...but it's all gravy cuz their burgers are really the bomb dot com. A past coworker of mine at the last last huge company I worked for always wanted to eat here, every effing night whenever he was in Vegas. We were always in LV for tradeshows (CES, Interop) for a good 8-12 days at a time so I guess a good burger, nice cold glass of beer and stellar service is key, especially when you're basically "living" in a town filled with AIDs spreading peeps and cancer-inducing gamblers. Ew!. . I've had their veggie burger and another burger off the menu that I really can't seem to remember at this moment. I remember the veggie burger being very juicy, the fries were mehhh and my beer was gettin me real nice and buzzed that first work night we were there for CES. :). . We sat at the counter each time we ate there and the bartenders/servers are very friendly and efficient. They better be, cuz this place always seems packed with people!. . Would I return here? Hmmmm, if I was really craving a Kobe burger (which is like their most popular burger), then maybe I'll finally try one out. But there are TONS of other amazing dining spots in Vegas to try out and I do plan to attack at least 50% of all the great ones before I lose my teeth and I'm shufflin' around with a walker.
By far the best burger I have ever had! I got the peppercorn burger with their skinny fries, and the fries are the only reason that this didn't get 5 stars. They were dry and flavorless. Thank god we got an order of onion rings to try, they were fantastic.. My dining partner ordered the turkey burger with pesto and provolone and loved it.. Full par, average prices on drinks and reasonable burger prices (for Vegas!)
Yum yum. Had a great wedge salad followed by the slider platter with sweet potato fries. All made me happy. I dined alone so I sat at the bar watching big screen tv's. It was all good!
This place a really good. . I had the wagyu burger with just caramelized onions. I like my burgers simple. The taste of the meat was great.. Very flavorful!  We also ordered the fried ZUCCHINIs... Good. Onion rings... This was good, too. . . Would I come back? Yes. Next time I would try the sweet potato fries.
Really well made burgers. Sure they're a little pricey, but for what they give you it's really good. As a matter of fact, for awhile this place was my favorite burger in all of vegas. However I found a better burger at bachi burger.
Ok so with a name like Burger Bar, this was right up our alley. We stayed at Mandalay Bay & read about it so we wanted to try it. Apparently the new big thing is "spiked milkshakes" (which I am totally ok with). Burger Bar has them. I had the mint chocolate chip one. It was delicious...minus the chocolate whipped cream they had on top. I could have done without that. Each booth along the wall had little television screens in them. We are Phillies fans & we sat in a booth that luckily had it on. I ordered a turkey burger with cheddar. It was a little dry but it was ok. I was full from the milkshake so there was no way I would have finished the burger even if it wasn't dry. All & all we were impressed. 2 burgers, a spiked shake, a beer, & fries all for $50 tip included.
We went here mainly out of convenience, we stayed at THEhotel. Awesome burgers and very customizable to fit your needs. I liked that when we ordered medium done, they made sure it was just that, perfectly pink in the middle. Despite our large party of 11, our food came out in good time and there were absolutely no mistakes. Their fries and sweet potato fries were good. . . I'm reading the reviews and I wish I had gotten a milkshake or a beer to go with my meal now. That definitely would have been a good end to the already great meal.
I'm happy to report both the food and the staff at this restaurant are both still great.. . The menu has changed slightly with different beef choices, an Angus and a Waygu instead of American Kobe.  Stuck with the standard Angus which was delicious.. . Discovered they have picked green tomatoes as a side which were fantastic.  Got an order of the Burger Bar Ketchup which was fantastic as well.. . Nutella shake was very rich and tasty, but I think I could make a decent reproduction at home and save myself $8 and change.  (I mostly tried it to see what it tasted like so I could recreate it at home). . Our waitress was excellent and always made sure our drinks were filled.
This place was my first foray in to "fancy" burgers in Vegas.. . I decided to go all out with the Kobe burger with fried egg, bacon, cheese, and a lobster tail.. . The burger tasted exactly how you would expect a Kobe burger with fried egg, bacon, cheese, and a lobster tail would taste....delicious!. . This place has dim lighting and a bit of a pub feel to it.  The beer selection is good and i guess you can probably call this a Gastropub.  . . The second time i got the buffalo burger with bleu cheese which was also quite good.  I tried some of my wife's kobe burger with foie gras and that was pretty tasty too.. . I'd definitely recommend this place if you are looking to try a 20-30+ dollar burger.   :)
This is one of my favorite burger places!  I discovered it on my first trip to Vegas and always look forward to coming again.  I love all the choices and have yet to have a burger that I didn't love.  I am also a fan of the boozy milkshakes.  . . On my last visit I decided to shake things up a bit and order cheese sticks instead of my normal fried zucchini and was slightly disappointed.  They were no better than TGI Fridays or Red Robin.  Next time I will just stick to the zucchini.  . . It's a bit of a pricey meal, but I figure that's the price you pay for eating on the Strip.
I just ate the most expensive but the best burger ever in my life. $60 burger sounds crazy but it is totally worth it. You can taste each layer of ingredient of the burger. Foie gras, truffle, kobe beef are the best combination for burger. Fried zucchini and sweet potato fries are really good. My wife had Blackjack burger and it's very good.  Highly recommended.
I want to give the place five stars but I can not, being that I didnt eat a burger here and I found a hair in my cesar salad when i was finished eating it...The service was great, my friend ordered her burger and asked for no pickle, so I asked the server if i could have her pickle and she said sure, and brought me like four more pickles!! That was awesome, cuz that meal I was totally feeling veges not meat... The cesar salad was pretty good too, I like their croutons, two thinly crisp slices of bread!! way better than blocks of croutons!! Next time in Vegas I want to definitely try their burgers, the vege burger looked pretty good and so did the kobe beef one....
I'm a huge fan of Chef Hubert Keller, so to get a chance to try some of his food while in Vegas meant a must stop here.. . The place is ascetically pleasing. Dark wood, open feel and a very modern take on a bar. The service was amazing. Beers were ordered quickly and shortly after so was our meal. . . I decided to try the sliders with three different kinds of meat. Buffalo, American Kobe, and Angus. All were great and flavorful. It was great as I really didn't think I'd be able to tell the difference from one to another, but they had subtle flavors that allowed me to do so. I chose naked burgers because I really wanted to taste the meat.. . The sweet potato fries were tasty and the regular ones were too. One of my friends got a Peanut Butter milkshake that was amazing. Wow!. . It's Vegas, so remember things cost a bit more, but if you want a great burger, at a nice location with friendly service, this is the place.
We went here for a quick bite after walking around for 4 hours.  The waitress was super sweet and always checking on us.  She was so friendly with the kids, they loved her!!  Each booth has a tv and the game was on so my kids were distracted ( a good thing!)  Great price.  $50 to feed 3 adults and 2 kids in Vegas is practically highway robbery.  The burgers were so good!  I would recommend this place to anyone with kids for a casual lunch.
Pretty good... Kinda overpriced for what you get.... if you're gonna charge that much at least make it look pretty!
Excellent burgers and a great atmosphere. Fries and onion rings are excellent, be sure to get the sampler of different dips, you won't regret it.
I got the Samon Burger, which was delicious.  You can build your own burger and choose your topping and sides.  The burgers are really big and feeling.  The only thing that I didn't care for was the steak fries.  The service was really good as well and we got seated fast.
First, it was hard to tell how much the food prices were going to be but they were cheaper than I thought.  We went mid afternoon so had to trouble be seating almost right away in a booth.  The waitress promptly came to get our drink orders and then the food order.  I decided to get the turkey burger on whole wheat for $8.75 and a side order of onion rings for $3.45.  There are 6 choices of buns to choose from.  The burger came with lettuce, tomato, onions and a pickle and I added a little bit of ketchup.  I found it to be a little on the dry side but not too bad.  The onion rings were delicious and reminded me of the A&W ones.  You got quite a bit in a cylinder container.  Was a great meal and if you're into sports, each booth has a tv with the subtitles turned on.
Burger Bar has a four star average out of over 1100 reviews and it's well deserved.  Don't let their generic, non-descript name make you blow them off.. . They have a series of pretension-free specialty burgers and gourmet milkshakes. I've got to say that their Irish Coffee Milkshake is the best shake I've ever had. It was worth the trip to Vegas. It is made up of vanilla ice-cream, coffee beans, Irish Whiskey, whipped cream, and caramel. I want another one right now as I'm typing this review from my hotel room. I bet it was better than the one Uma Thurman and John Travolta had in "Pulp Fiction". This one cost more than 'five dollahs' though (it was $11.00). I ordered the Peppercorn Burger which came with skinny fries (that's what they call them.) The burger was everything it had to be but the fries were like the frozen kind that you can find in a grocery store.. . The servers were prompt, attentive, and friendly and always made sure our water glasses were overflowing. Maybe a little too attentive with the water. If we make it there again, I'm bringing a sponge with me.. . I wonder if they can FedEx a milkshake...
Yum!  We had a very good salad, burger, fries, and dessert at Burger Bar.. . We ended up sharing a few things so we could try a number of dishes.  We shared a half Caesar Salad (the menu didn't offer half-portions, but our server let us know). It was pretty boring, but after a weekend of carbs and meat, we were pretty excited about a bit of lettuce. . . For the burger, we shared an Angus Burger ($9.50) on a Sesame Bun with Pepper Jack Cheese ($.95), Caramelized Onion ($.95), and Jalapeno Bacon ($1.55).  They had so many toppings it was very hard to decide (and easy to wind up with a $17 burger if you weren't careful!)  The bacon was awesome and we loved the onions. They had some chef special burgers that came with skinny fries, but ours was just the burger, so we added an order of Zucchini Fries.  . . For dessert (and the bit that threw me from 3-stars to 4) was the Sweet Cheesecake Burger. It was a glazed donut sliced in half like a hamburger bun (so cute!) with a cheesecake 'burger' and toppings of strawberries and pineapple. It was so awesome and I was so sad that I had already promised half of it to Mr R.  . . Overall, it was a good lunch spot and a great burger.
The wife and I took the kid here for. Christmas day lunch. They have beef, buffalo, lamb, chicken, and vegetarian. If you want to splurge they have a $60 burger made from Kobe Wagyu beef and foie grais with shaved truffles. Sounds amazing but it would take a lot for me to pay $60 for a burger. . . Wife and I had the beef, which was good. Then we ordered the sauce sampler. Mind you this a Hubert Keller restaurant so you know it's going to be good. There were 5 sauces that were all amazing. They are great for the burgers as well as a dip for fries. . . What really topped off the meal was the buttermilk onion rings. They were flavorful and delicious. They worked well with all the sauces plus the housemade ranch. . . Go and enjoy!!!
Kobe beef burger is really good.  One of my favorites here in Vegas.  If you are on this end of the strip and want a good burger, I def. would eat here. . . I like Burger Brasserie in Paris too, but this place wins because of the awesomeness of the Kobe burger!
I loved this place.  I ate here on a whim and even though it was a year ago last November 2010 I remember the food.  Of course I had a burger, Angus to be exact which was very flavorful however the best was what my companion ordered a Buffalo Burger.  SO good.  Even though we where so full my companion insisted on order a dessert burger.  One with Nutella in the center.  This was the best donut I ever had in my life.  In between a glazed donut, holds a wonderful fudge like patty with cuts of strawberries, kiwis, and a gelled version of starfruit.  Top this off with a drizzled raspberry sauce and a little whip cream.  To Die for!  . . I will return and have another.. . Only complain was there service is slow.
Good food and beer, great joint.
A $60 burger looks so tempting when someone else is paying.  But how can I spend that...I am too analytical.  That is like $5 per bit.  . . Regardless, you can spend less then that and enjoy a great burger.  I had the Kobe beef with bacon, jalps, oyster mushrooms, and Swiss.  The burger was cooked perfectly, and the mushrooms were bursting with flavor and the drinks were strong.. . Personally, I like my burger joints to be filled with a more undesirable crowd, but for a high end place, this is okay in my book.
The challenge with this Bar is what to have. Of course a burger right. Yes of course, you have to. No brainer, done deal. But they have a wide, wide choice, and then if you visit during the non-cocktail hours, there is the innocent Milkshake. Good grief these things are like crack (at least I'm assuming). . . I have to say the burger I had was probably top 20 for me, but the Milkshake was top 5 all the way. I'm a guy, I don't do fancy, girly, Milkshakes, it's just not right.  Except in Vegas. The coast was clear, and oh did I indulge. The perfect meal for the late afternoon, after the night before.
Had the Lamb burger and skinny fries, the draft sampler and the Nutella Milkshake.  Great food.  Great service.  A bit expensive, but what do you expect for a restaurant located in a Vegas casino, right?
Ok Burger Bar this is how I feel about you. When we first met You wowed my friends and I with juicy, tender, tasty kobe burgers.. . You had all the right toppings with great fries to accompany it. I thought this was the best burger I have ever tasted....and it was to date. I have fond memories of arriving in vegas and running straight over to see you again. We would talk about you when we couldn't have you. You even have a great bar right next door which has amazing bloody marry's.. . But burger bar... I'm sorry to say I have met another burger place that has blown my mind in southern California. You are good but nothing compares to the "Back Abbey".  I had great experiences with you but I'm gonna have to move on. I'm sure you will make many other people happy.
Great place for a burger.  Lots of toppings to create your burger and I love the fact that they have thick fries as well to choose from to order along with the burger.. . A little pricy, but figured that cause its on the strip, but highly worth it.  Also, the service was so so.  Waitress took a while to get me new beers.
Great burger!! There were many options as far as meat, bun, cheese, toppings, and sauces. Loved it!! It was a very causal bar setting. There was a mini tv screen in the booth which was cool. Our waitress was very nice and cool throughout our time there.. . I ordered the kobe burger (australian wagyu $17) with cheddar cheese and button mushrooms and a sesame bun (cheese and toppings are at an additional cost. ) Also a side of sweet potato fries. The burger was great. I ordered it a medium well and they couldn't have made it more perfect. My only complaint is I like my burgers a little on the greasy side and there was virtually no grease in my burger at all but I'd imagine that is a good thing for most normal people!! Sweet potato fries were really really addicting!!! . . For the price and the quality of meat, I thought it was a good deal!! I would definitely go back!!
This place was pricey ($22 for a buffalo burger), but damn, was my burger slamming. . . I think it was called the Herbert Keller burger (or some other old white guy name) and it was a massive, tender and juicy treat (pause). The meat was flavorful, the ciabatta bun was a perfect complement, and the the grilled onions tasted like they'd been scooped out of the best french onion soup. Add to this the spinach and bleu cheese that had melded together, and you have the recipe for bliss.. . The salmon burger was also good, sizable and a healthy alternative to a regular beef burger. Unfortunately, the delicious fries and onion rings probably offset any health value to be found in this meal.. . Still, this place impressed me, as burger places can often disappoint, and I'd probably give it five stars if it weren't for the high prices.. . Oh, and I should remark that the beer selection here was enviable. Great selection of international bottles, plus Fat Tire on draft. Fat Tire, son.
It's all about the Kobe Burger!!!  You won't want another angus beef burger again!!!! The kobe beef is way more tender than angus beef. My friend got the angus beef and you can totally tell the difference.  I topped my burger with grilled onions, pepper jack cheese and mushrooms. I love this place. It's a little wait but it's totally worth it. Loved the Nutella shake too. =)
Very reliable. We're eating carb free so substituted salads for fries and they were very good. This is not gourmet food , just good fare at a reasonable price. If you're a beer drinker you will love all the choices. I prefer wine and the selection is limited but acceptable. March 2012
My friends both got the $17 Kobe burger and wolfed it down promptly. They just flew in to Vegas and were starving, whereas two others and I were full since we ate at The Buffet [in Encore] a few hours beforehand.. I ordered the Fried Zucchini to share with a friend. It was reallyyyyy good. The breading was delicious (I think it was Panko) and the zucchini was soft and super hot underneath.. They have a pretty good selection of beers on top including a couple of Chocolate Stouts. I just ordered a Guiness though :( It wasn't poured correctly so that's a minus.
I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could.. . Burger Bar is a really cool set up and a nice change up when it comes to upscale burger joints-you build your own burger, starting with meat, then going bun and toppings (of which there are a lot). . I went for a kobe burger with some cheese on a ciabatta bun-a burger you can't find much elsewhere, and man oh man was it good. The kobe beef was melt in your mouth perfect, and the bun was delicious.. . Our server was great too, as were the hostesses. You can't make reservations here, but you can call 15 minutes ahead to get on the list (which isn't a bad idea). . I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Great burger.  Slow service late night.  Was crowded.  I ate here around 8 or 9 years ago and it's still good now.  The burger is cooked perfectly.
The burgers are beautifully made and full of flavor. The waitress was helpful and the orders came out promptly.  The price was a little high, but its Vegas! I'm still thinking about the juicy hamburger in my hands. Delicious.. . There's a Chef Special burger called "Wagyu".  One day, when I think $60 for a hamburger is super affordable, I will indulge. . . I ordered: $17.99- Wagyu Burger:. Wagyu meat is a high quality beef used in burgers.  It is comparable to Kobe beef in that Kobe Beef is from a Wagyu cattle but it is raised in special conditions.  My google-ling taught me that Wagyu cattle "produces a higher percentage of oleaginous, unsaturated fat than any other breed of cattle known in the world".  Anyways, I got a Medium Wagyu Burger and it was juicy, tender, flavorful, and simply delicious.  Maybe I should have added some grilled onions or avocado to intensify the flavors, but I like plain. . . Overall: Everyone in my party was in deep love with their hamburgers! Delicious!
what can i say--best burgers ever(especially if you get double foie gras on it). come here every time i'm in vegas
I know this sounds a bit unbelievable, but until recently it has been rather difficult to find a good craft beer bar in Las Vegas.  Burger Bar was one of the first, and still one of the best.  . . Great menu offering options for nearly anyone's tastes.  From a classic burger, to a lamb burger, to Herbert Keller's favorite with ground buffalo, caramelized onions, blue cheese, and baby spinach its hard to go wrong.  Build your own burger with an impressive number of choices.  Not sure I ever remember seeing sprouts as a burger topping option, much less pan seared foie gras.  The one that hit it out of the park for me - a fried egg.  If you have never tried it, do so!  Absolutely delicious.  Multiple fry options, fantastic shakes, and even a take on a dessert burger.  Who does this?  Obviously one place that lives up to their name - Burger Bar!. . One fail - the fries.  I was surprised at how fantastic my burger was, but the fries were just not up to the same par.  Not cold, but not as hot as they should be. Sitting at the bar, I turned to look at the far end of the restaurant and watched the kitchen window.  Fries are made, stacked in absorbent recycled bowls and sit in the window until served.   10+ minutes is too long for fries to sit.  My one and only complaint, and loss of a perfect score.
Great place for a burger!  All kinds of different meat or veggie to choose from!  Love the large variety of toppings.  I got asparagus on my burger!  They also have adult milkshakes!
We sat at the bar to wait for a booth and I ordered a salted caramel martini. I love salted caramel anything, but this was a little much for first thing in my tummy for the day. I did love the sugared/salted rim. Yum.. . We sat down and I ordered a Killian's and my husband got a Chimay Blue. For lunch, I ordered the Wagyu burger, medium, with aioli, fried egg, and pepper jack. My husband got the Prime Choice burger, MW, with sliced cucumbers, dijon, spicy ketchup, and cheddar.  We also ordered the fried pepper jack shotz, sweet potato fries and fried zucchini.. . It took only about 15 minutes to get our food. The zucchini fries were freaking AMAZING. Wow, they were good. The fried cheese was so yummy - nice and spicy and we loved the sweet potato fries too.  I put some aioli on my bun, took a bite and the damn fried egg yolk exploded down the front of my shirt. I'[d ordered the egg  over medium, so that surprised me (and dismayed me too). When I looked at the burger, it was dripping blood and was almost all pink/red, so that was definitely NOT medium. The waitress came over and was very nice about sending it back. She gave me some club soda for my shirt. My husband really enjoyed his burger. Mine came back perfect medium and I pierced the yolk this time. Live and learn. It was super good. Very tender, flavorful and just delicious. I really wish we had one of these in Austin!!. . We didn't have any room for a milkshake, but the ones I saw going by looked very yummy.
Great gourmet burger place. Service was great. Food was fantastic. Only problem, for me personally, is the pricing. It's kind of over priced. If you dont mind paying a higher price for burgers, its a great place to go.
Very good burger. One of the best. . They got 4 of 5 stars because of price. It's a little pricey for my taste. But it's worth it.
Heard about the hype here so we figured we'd give it a try. A little pricey, but based on Vegas standards, nothing out of the ordinary. . . There were many options for burgers and I went with a grass fed, hormone free one. Burger was cooked just right and very tasty. Could have been a bit bigger, but then again I'll never say there's too much meat. I'll also comment on how good the onion rings were. It's always about the batter and how crisp, not greasy they taste. I'll grow a little acne on my face, but I don't want to be able to fry and egg on it.. . It's impressive that locals like this place and comment on it. I haven't tried too many burgers in Vegas, so it's hard for me to compare it. I'm glad I can say I ate here. Service was decent and a place I could recommend.
Fabulous Kobe burger that I added Blue Cheese to for an awesome dinner. The perfect and quick dinner while working our way thru the casinos.
Loved the burgers and vibe here.  Great for lunch if you are in the Luxor or Mandalay.  Got a cute Tshirt for my dog.
Build your own burger = love. Nutella milkshake = double love. Well, and maybe I shouldn't go out and directly sport a bikini after these things, but MAN are they worth it!. . This is a Hubert Keller spot. If you've watched him on Top Chef, and the numerous other shows he has been featured on, then you know this man knows his stuff. The burgers do not disappoint!. . I will be back!
This is a tasty burger.... Classic w/ sweet potato fries.   Perfectly cooked burger but the bacon was a little soggy.   Sweet potato fries were killer.  The restaraunt was packed but I found a place at the bar.  Everyone of the staff was hustling around and still managed to have big smiles on there faces.  I was surprised at how fast my food was delivered.  Nice pulse.
Love the concept of this place.   You basically build your own burger and then can choose from many different types of fries, milkshakes or beers to go along with it.. . Have been here a few times and always pay a few bucks extra and get the Kobe beef burger.   I also added sauteed mushrooms and onions (Note:  each topping other than the regular lettuce, ketchup, mustard, etc.  costs extra).    The burger is very tasty but will run you about $25 to $30 (I must say I have had $10 burgers just as good but hey it is Vegas).   For a side, I recommend either the sweet potato fries or the shoestring fries as both are very good.
You can't go wrong with a burger at this joint. They're a bit pricey (but so are most on the strip), but the quality of the ingredients, service, selection of beer (they had Mendocino Hemp Ale on tap!!), people watching, sports on TV...this place had it all. You can design your own burger with topping ranging from nice crispy bacon to truffles. I ate there twice in a week, and I usually only eat burgers a few times per year.
Finally made it to Burger Bar last weekend for the infamous Rossini. Everything was great from the service to the burger (and the dessert burger that followed).. . The Rossini was great - rich and juicy. The fries were just you basic boring fries (the only disappointment of the meal). I chose the cheesecake version of the dessert burger and it was fantastic. I'm not a dessert fan but I ate every bite of it. The fresh strawberries made it.. . Would I stop in here every trip and spend 60.00 on a burger - no. Was it delicious and am I glad I did it - yes.
Awesome
excellant service. burgers are Great. for the price they should include fries or onion rings. cant wait to go back.
What an awesome find!!! In the middle of a shopping "mall" inside the Mandalay Bay hotel.. . Ok, so this is one of those places that have one expensive burger ($60 rossini burger). No, that's not the one I tried although I'm thinking next time I might, just to see what a $60 burger taste like.. . Anyway, we walked in and they sat us down right away. This is a very casual place, nothing extremely fancy. It's an upscale bar, very cool, looks like a great place to grab a drink, grab a bite and hang out.. . We decided to split the Hubert Keller burger (his favorite according to the menu). The burger meat is buffalo and it comes with caramelized onions, baby spinach, and blue cheese on a ciabatta bun. It was pure heaven! The meat is very tasty and the bread is delightful. This comes with a side of skinny fries which we swapped for sweet potato fries and they were fantastic. This plate of one burger and a side of fries comes at a whopping $19.25. But we split it between two people and it was enough to fill us up.. . O.K, are you ready? NUTELLA milkshake!! Did you hear me? I said, NUTELLA milkshake!! Ohh, vanilla ice cream blended with lots of nutella topped with homemade whipped cream topped with hazelnuts and a drizzle nutella. What a dream!!! I know they make this at some other places but this one is the BEST so far.
In a word: Yum!  I shared the Hubert Keller burger, surf-n-turf burger, and one of the alcoholic milkshakes (you heard me) with my friend.  The Hubert Keller burger (buffalo meat, blue cheese, caramelized onions) was TO DIE FOR!  I would definitely recommend it.  The surf and turf was a little disappointing, which is why I'm only giving this review 4 stars, but that may be because the beef just didn't compare to the buffalo.  I don't think alcoholic milkshakes require additional explanation.  Our server was super friendly and helpful and it was a trip to see her twin working on the opposite side of the restaurant.  I will definitely stop by the next time I'm on the south end of the strip.
Was here last week on my trip in Vegas as we were staying at mandalay bay and left red white and blue after a poor experience with service there (read my review).  But onto the review for here:. . We were seated right away and instantly had our waitress at the table a couple minutes later taking drink orders. She was very good about checking up on us for anything we needed and also had a good sense of humor. . I ordered the wings and made an Angus burger for my meal and shared half and half with my friend who made a chicken sandwich.  Their menu is cool because it allows you to create your very own burgers and sandwiches by choosing your meat, bun, cheese and toppings. choices were pretty broad with meat having Angus beef, buffalo, chicken, and higher qualities of beef. Buns were ciabbata, onion, sesame, and then a large selection of cheeses and toppings. If you build a burger though it does not come with fries, so keep that in mind. The burger was good and the beef was very moist and flavorful.  The chicken sandwich was a little bland even after putting on the chipotle sauce that my friend asked for but it wasn't dry which was nice.   The wings were very good but not as spicy as I was hoping for, but my friend did feel that they were very spicy. The wings also came with fries which were seasoned well and cooked well along with some carrots and celery. I did have a bite of the burger my other friend made that came with some au ju sauce which was also very good. . Prices were pretty standard for a sit down burger place and the service was great. The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star was the bland chicken. I would return to try another creation if I am down in the mandalay our lucite area.
One of my favorite places to eat at in Vegas! This restaurant was located inside Mandalay Bay. It was super crowded when we arrived and had to be put on a waiting list. Once we were in, I ordered myself an Atlantic Salmon Burger on a wheat bun with swiss cheese, button mushrooms, asparagus, along with a side of sweet potato fries. Our burgers took awhile to come out, but it was crowded so it was expected. When my burger came out, the salmonpiece looked so thick and juicy! The waitress forgot my mushrooms though :( She brought them out separately but it just wasn't the same. Anyways, it tasted good and I eventually finished the whole burger (except some asparagus.) The burger was pretty big, and definitely met my expectations. The sweet potato fries were good as well. The were a little broken up, but wasn't over fried I guess. My friends got the Kobe beef burger and another friend ordered the salmon burger with a lobster tail on top, he said it was delicious! haha. I'll come back here when I'm in Vegas :)
Pretty darn good burger but it was pricey.  I built my burger on a sesame seed burger, cheddar, avocado, med rare with sweet potato fries.  The burger was cooked perfectly, nice and juicy.  It was so good compared to the In-N-Out Burger I had during the same conference.  . . The sweet potato fries were plentiful and so good.  . . But damn, WHY DIDN'T I TRY THE NUTELLA SHAKE?!  Such regret...
bring on the burger!. . one of my favorite spots to go every time i go to vegas.. mac n cheese croquettes are amazing. you must try it! i'm very curious as to how they make something magical like that. ordered the kobe beef (on onion bread) with fried egg, spinach, american cheese, mushroom & caramelized onions. very juicy and worth every penny. also ordered zucchini parmesan on the side - good coating and tasty with ranch dressing. if you're sick and tired of other "fast food" burgers, try burger bar! definitely worth it. will definitely come back again and try other things on the menu! check out the picture iposted.
Epic veggie burgers live here!  Nice selection of alcohol but its pricey. kinda has a college bar vibe atmosphere going on. Best veggie burger ive found in vegas so far. The quest isnt over yet though! cheers mate
Of all the burger places i have tried in Las Vegas Burger Bar is the best. They have a variety of selections of burgers and fries. A really good one i normally order is the Kobe burger, these burgers you build your own its all ala cart or you may choose to have a ready built burger recipe on the menu. My out of town freinds would make it a tradition to eat here before we part ways. I would highly reccomend this place. Prciing is not too bad and their shakes are the bomb!
Great place to eat. Service was quick and the food was good. Always a good spot to hit for a quick lunch
Located in the Mandalay Bay mall area, this place is a nice place that was very popular. I had the basic bacon cheese medium rare.  The meat was perfectly cooked.  A good char on the outside with nice a pink in the middle.  Not as juicy as I would have liked, so the Angus meat is lean.  The bun was a regular sesame bun. I was hoping for a brioche at that price.  It wasn't as good as a Bachi Burger.  My friend that the surf and turf.  The hardest part is putting the burger back on the plate.  It's too big and just falls apart.  Sometimes, bigger isn't better.  I don't think I would come back based on the price of the food.  It's good to try once.
Located in Mandalay Place, Herbert Keller's Burger Bar is an upscale bar that carries gourmet burgers, shakes and bar drinks.. . Although they have a variety of burgers to choose from, I ordered the build your own burger. You get to choose the protein, bread type for bun and fillings. Dill pickle, tomatoes, lettuce, onions are the complementary fillings. Additional gourmet fillings are abundant and are an extra charge which can be from .95 cents to $5.00 depending on what you choose.. . I had theKobe Beef Patty- Medium ($17.25) on Ciabatta Bread with a side of Truffle Mayo (+.95 cents) which I put on my bread and ate with my side order of skinny fries which comes in a cup (enough for me and my boyfriend). I washed it down with an iced tea.. . My burger was juicy, tender (not as fatty as I imagined) but had really great flavor. With a light spread of truffle mayo it was sooooo good. However, I preferred dipping my fries in the truffle mayo, the mayo had bits of black truffle in it that wasn't too overpowering.. . Service was great and I was lucky to score a table right at 11am when they opened but it got busy as the day wore on. Closes at 11pm which is nice.
Total fan of Burger Bar.
One of the very best burgers I've had in my life so far! highly recommend this place! Food is great! Love the onion rings! Waitress was great and friendly.. . Only thing that kept me from giving a 5 star was that my table was set without napkins and we weren't given napkins either for our meal.
Three years and over 75 visits since my initial, the Burger Bar consistently delivers.. . Yes, there are more inventive burger joints that can probably serve you a Kobe bull ball burger with  llama milk cheese and exotic micro herbs grown in the Siberian tundra with a side of a previously thought to be extinct potato fries all for $10.99.. . So why the Burger Bar?. . - Hubert Keller.  His passion for cooking, standards of quality and utmost respect for ingredients shines in his humble burger joint.  . . - Extremely high quality burger meats: Angus, Nature Source (USDA prime antibiotic and hormone free), Australian Wagyu, bison, free range turkey, and lamb.. . - Always perfectly cooked to order (I have never had a single burger under/over cooked).. . - Incredible quality, perfectly cooked toppings that could be side dishes in any great steakhouse (from grilled asparagus to uber sweet deeply caramelized onions, a porky jalepeno bacon with a spicy finish, sauteed oyster mushrooms, pan seared foie, perfectly cooked sweet Maine lobster, to fresh cheeses, and black truffles).  . . - Well seasoned, perfectly cooked sides.  Crispy fries, onion rings and outstanding zucchini fries made to order.  No soggy 20 minute old stuff here.. . - Outstanding selection of seasonal and micro brews on tap backed by a huge selection of bottles.. . . Build your own or try a chef's invention.  The Rossini ($60) is to die for.  Topped with a slice of foie and shaved black truffles.  Orgasmic!  The Surf and Turf is not far behind.  A delicious combo of grilled asparagus and half a lobster top a thick, juicy burger.  OMG!. . The price matches the quality with most creations with fries between $15-$25.. . Service is extremely friendly and efficient (especially at the bar).. . Very hard to beat.  Highly Recommended.
No questionBurgers are  so juicy. A MUST PLACE TO GO ..not only the burgers why i keep coming back. What else ??? Their  MILKSHAKES of course. Love love love their shakes. NUTELLA SHAKE YUMMMy
This place is awesome!  Try my concoction the "doomed earth" burger - Kobe Burger, Foie Gras, Onion Bun, Caramelized Onions, Pepper Jack cheese, Oyster Mushrooms and Truffle Mayo.  That burger was damn good.  The Cherryon top is that they had my favorite beer ever on tap, Delirium Tremens!
Last time I was here, the burger took a very long time to arrive and was cold with a unfresh bun and some items were missing.  Clearly the waiter forgot to bring out the order and served a poor product.  I tend to receive better service when sitting at the bar.  . . Usually excellent burgers and beer samplers to put me in my happy place.  Many different beer choices.  My GF loved the veggie burger.  . . Surprisingly, they don't serve pickles as a topping, but the cucumber is a fine substitute.
I had the pleasure of dining here a few months ago with my girlfriend and don't regret it one bit. These guys are one of the first restaurants in town to make gourmet and specialty burgers a cornerstone of their business so their pioneering efforts alone make them worthy of your business... in my opinion. The decor is rather nondescript, but the beer selection is noteworthy. . . I decided to try the buffalo burger medium, on an onion bun with shitake mushrooms and blue cheese crumble.  It was pretty fantastic and easily one of the burgers I have ever had. It was rich and flavorful without being excessively greasy. The steak fries were solid. My girlfriend opted for the turkey burger with fresh made guacamole which was good, but I really wouldn't recommend it unless you have a strict diet or avoid red meat for religious reasons. The bottom line is that there are many different kinds of burgers here for the various tastes and preferences of burger lovers Prices were ok considering this is located in Mandalay bay and has garnered quite a bit of attention over the years. In my opinion this is THE place to go for a burger if you are in Mandalay Bay--without question.
If you want a quality gourmet burger, look no further.. When I went I had a kobe burger with prosciutto. Burger was juicy and very tasty. The kobe was so rich with flavor and melts in your mouth. The prosciutto was a good salty addition to compliment the patty. The bun was nice and toasty yet soft.. . Recommend:. . * Nutella shake: Liquid heaven. smooth & creamy, but can be rich (in a good way). . There is a location in San Francisco that I want to try sometime. Fortunately I don't have to go all the way to  Vegas to eat there.
I am cheap and was skeptical, but the burger was super legit.  Had the basic angus with grilled onions and cheddar on ciabatta.  Extremely juicy and flavorful.  Also loved the zucchini fries which were the best I've had in a while.
The burgers were top notch and made with care! The service could have been better. There was a very skinny young lady who didn't so much as crack a smirk the entire time we were there. One of my friends asked to look at the cook book and she came to the table with a sour face and practically dropped it on the table. . The burgers were so amazing I'd be willing to put up with bad service the next time I come to Las Vegas. The zucchini fries are a must. The fried mac and cheese was sinfully delicious!!!
This place is home to the most delicious milkshakes I've ever had!  Favorites are the Irish coffee (alcoholic) shake and the plain ole chocolate shake.  Yum!. . The first time I came here, I splurged and ordered the $60 Rossini burger.  It was good, but definitely not the best burger I've ever had, and absolutely not worth the price.  I am embarrassed to even admit spending that much on a burger!. . For less than the price of that single burger, on a return visit we got two Angus burgers with our choice of toppings, sweet potato fries and skinny fries, and an Irish coffee shake.   All were delicious except for the skinny fries which were just meh.   Not as skinny or crispy as I would have liked.  Standout toppings were the bacon, mushrooms, dijon mustard and the peppercorn sauce.
To start with, this is between mandalay and luxor. NOT mandalay and 4 seasons like the map says. We went for lunch and our waiter took our drink order, came back a few minutes later with waters and took our food order. A food runner brought shakes over 5 minutes later (about 10 minutes after ordering drinks) and my wife's was good and as described. I ordered a martini and got an alcohol free shake. After waiting a solid 5 minutes, we never saw the waiter so I just drank the shake as it looked good. It was delicious, but not what I ordered. Our burgers took just over 20 minutes to come out after ordering. My buffalo burger was GREAT and my wife's burger was also great. The major down side was being sat next to some trash that was swearing at their 3 year old to stop eating zucchini and "take a bite of your F****N chicken" and "you have to be sh**ting me, just try the fu**ing sweet potato fry". Then they were doing toasts to their therapist. They def were toasting the wrong person, they should have been toasting to their child's future therapist. They won't be winning parents of the year any time soon. Overall, we'll go back but we'll go during a very off hour to get a booth, some peace and hopefully faster/better service.
I didn't get to write a review after my first visit but this time I around, I am ready!. . The service was pretty good for a busy night. We did have to wait a good 30 minutes or so to be seated but that was okay. I ended up splurging and ordering the Mac & Cheese Croquettes and also the Kobe beef. I had been tempted the first time but caved this time around. I've had Japanese Wagyu before and loved it and was hoping for the same melt in your mouth experience with this Kobe from Australia. Unfortunately, the Kobe fell short of my expectations. I could have gotten the Angus and it would have been the same. . . 4 Stars for the great service and tasty food! Now I can at least say I tried the Kobe, I will definitely opt in for the Angus again. Their dessert burgers are to die for!
MILKSHAKES! Oh my milky heaven.  Burgers are pure bliss.   They are knowledgeable on gluten free items as well.
Two of my good friends were in town. We had the grandest of intentions of getting all dolled up and hitting the Strip for a Friday full of debauchery. What ended up happening was us, drinking vodka in their hotel room and stumbling for a late dinner at Burger Bar, where we proceeded to stuff our faces so full and then go immediately back to the hotel room to hit the hay. (When did I get so ooooooold?) . . Anyway, unlike my experience at Holsteins (which I do like better even though I give them both the same star rating)  I did have a boozy milkshake. It was not that impressive. Don't get me wrong, I love a milkshake and I still drank it all, but I wanted it to smack me in the mouth with alcohol, which it did not. Mint chocolate chip with chocolate whipped cream and an alleged mint liqueur for $10.75.. . I ordered the Hubert Burger. I have a huge admiration for the chef (Public TV FTW) and also inventive recipes, especially those involving blue cheese. Buffalo meat (a hard find... coming from South Dakota where it's everywhere), spinach, caramelized onions, blue cheese and a wine reduction sauce on the side for $22. It was spectacular, though perhaps not the best choice combined with my previously vodka-soaked stomach and liver and the aforementioned boozy milkshake. . . We also ordered a sauce selection for the table. You're not coming to Burger Bar to save money or to eat healthy, so just do it. White barbecue, basil aioli, truffle mayo, homemade mustard, chipotle aioli were our choices. Loved them all but particularly the truffle mayo and homemade mustard. Mmmmm. . . The decor and bathrooms are where the stars really plummet for me. Bathrooms are forever away, passing by the back-of-house restaurant rooms on the way. The decor looked like it was schlepped together and doesn't match a $22 burger. . . However, we really enjoyed our experience and the service was great. I would try it again!
I was in Vegas several years ago and remember having an awesome bacon cheeseburger here. I am in Vegas again on business, and have since given up meat to get healthier/lose weight. Well, Burger Bar has 2 burger options (one vegan, one vegetarian). I ended up getting the vegetarian burger, and itwas awesome. Service was really prompt without being too in your face or talkative. I wouldn't have minded a little friendly chit chat, but he at least kept my drink refilled and was friendly enough. I would definitely eat there again.
Two words: Hubert Keller. . Their infamous $60 Wagyu Beef burger topped with premium truffle shavings and foie gras all on a delectable onion bun is worth a one-time try.  Been there a few times and tried other items on their menu, but his Rossini burger is probably the main reason why I would want to come here to eat again.. . As for appetizers, if you're indecisive like I am, then I would strongly encourage you to order their THE FRY sampler.  It's a decent amount for a party of 2-4 people, and it has a little bit of everything delicious there.. . They also have a full-bar, so you can definitely pair your meals with a nice cocktail, beer or wine.. . Good food, casual joint, and nice servers.  PLUS - if you're lucky, the one & only Hubert Keller may be there himself.  So don't be shy to shake his hand and chat with him.  He'sa pretty down to earth guy.
Excellent find in the marketplace between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  Don't settle for pizza or other quick and easy options....eat the good stuff!. . Definitely worth checking out.  Amazing beer selection.. . Buffalo burger was well prepared.  Bottom bun was soggy.  They should provide a second bottom bun or allow the juices to settle prior to serving.
Oh so expensive.. .and worth every penny!  Four adults with four customized buffalo burgers, a shake, 2 side salads, fries, zucchini and two sodas cost a little over $110.. . Where else can you go to get a delicious buffalo burger?  Its not something we do everyday,  but we looked forward and planned ahead for this.. . Deliberately with a try!  I would add pictures but the phone died.. .maybe next year I'll easier for my phone to charge.
good food at a decent price (for Vegas). . good location in between Mandalay Bay and Luxor/Excalibur. . great selection and really diverse burgers!
3.5 stars.. . I ordered the Black Jack burger, which came with monterey jack and tapenade on a ciabatta bun. I absolutely loved the bun, but didn't care much for the tapenade. The fries it came with were so addicting. Try the white BBQ sauce, which is just BBQ sauce and mayo mixed together. . . I ordered the Chocolate Burger to take back to the hotel. Oh, man. One of the best decisions I made while in Vegas. Warm donut "bun," Nutella mousse "patty," passion fruit jelly "cheese," kiwi "pickles," and strawberry "tomatoes." It even came with a side of raspberry sauce, but I didn't bother using that... asyou could expect, the "burger" was already sweet as is. But definitely order this if you love sweets! Very cute and very tasty.. . I'll have to come back to Burger Bar on my next trip to Vegas and try a different burger, or make my own. The shakes also looked and sounded really great. Very affordable dinner for Vegas, especially for a restaurant owned by a celebrity chef!
Heard about this place from the bf time and time again and told it is a must.   Went here as first meal in Vegas.   Had the regular bacon burger (i am too lazy to create my own). Burger had a nice flavor and was cooked perfectly.  Fries were skinny and crispy.   Bf had burger with egg on it.   He will give this place 5 stars.   Was a good burger but have had other good burgers.  Dessert was delicious.  Krispy creme donut with cheescake with fresh pineapple's and starwberries in the middle.   I highly recommend this!  Great beer selection too!  Would go back again for sure.
Great burgers and boozy shakes! I had the lamb buger which was fantastic, and my husband ate the kobe beef which was perfect. Great service, especially since we had a party of 12.
Pretty much foolproof when it comes to taking visiting family or larger out-of-town groups here. The combinations and permutations of bread, burger, toppings, fries, sides and drinks are a true something-for-everyone, and the game is always on - TVs in the booths and a string of TVs above the bar. . . Even the relatively long hike to the back-access-hallway bathroom provides a good excuse to take a necessary break from the action.. . Adding a fried egg to any burger is my favorite, and the zucchini fries are a great fry alternative. The perfect place to try mixing Tabasco with Ketchup if you've never done it before. . . The basic Angus beef burger patty is baseline great. The NatureSource beef patty is a few bucks more and tastes marginally healthier. Both cook up fine & juicy Medium Well if you're E-coli-conscious. The 'Kobe' beef patty comes out tasting kind of oily, so not my fave. The Lamb Burger is a solid choice, as are the Turkey Burger and the Chicken Sandwich. If it ain't right, this place is eager to make it right. Just speak up!. . You really can't go wrong here. But try to go at off-times for little or no wait. (Primetime weekend lunch/dinner can be about a 30min wait.) The bar stools are first-come-first-served.
I was here 4 of 6 nights, 1 night appetizers, 3 nights burgers & fries. Given that I went 4 times, I obviously like this place. The buffalo burger was excellent: moist, juicy, and properly seasoned. The lamb was good, perhaps too much cumin for my taste, but I definitely preferred the buffalo. The complimentary tomato, onion, pickle, and lettuce was always of excellent quality.. . I always had ciabatta rolls, which stayed intact but yet had an easy to chew consistency. I always had my burgers with smoked gouda or cheddar cheese. My sides were regular or sweet fries and spiced ketchup. Definitely get the spiced ketchup, which is so much better than the Heinz variety. As usual, I ordered wheat beer on tap for drinks.. . This place is not cheap. My individual tab ranged from $33 - $43, including tax & tip. But this is the strip and the burgers were some of the best I ever had. Normally I would balk at paying such prices, but I accept that the combination of location & quality mandate this.
The skinny fries were awesome! Crispy with just enough salt. I had the sliders which were good, but I don't suggest them for those who prefer their meat well cooked. The sliders are all cooked MEDIUM with no substitutions allowed. My husband ordered the All American burger which was delicious! I will order that next time.
Did the Black Angus burger with Gouda, carmalized onions and the spicy ketchup, a nice combination.   Above average beer selection, nice that they had a cooler full of different Dogfish Head varities.  Would have given 5 stars but bartended was pretty slow and forgot my beer order a few times.
This place just looks awesome from the outside. I have heard awesome things about this place and deicied to check it out with my wife. This place is a nice place for a group of drunk friends. they have a really good selection of burgers and fries. The customer service is really friendly and cheerful. The burger itself was amazing! The only problem I had was they charged my wife and I two dollars just to split it. But great foodl. Go here. Oh yeah they have small tvs in the booth,how cool is that.
My wife and I came here for lunch while in town for our honeymoon. The place was fairly crowded, but we chose to sit at the bar (I never mind doing this at a burger place, because the service always seems to be faster). My wife had already grabbed sushi earlier, so this meal was all me. I spotted the Spicy Lamb Burger in the bottom corner of the menu, and was not disappointed. The combination of spicy ketchup, perfect medium rare lamb, so thick my wife had trouble taking a bite, and the soft ciabatta bun (most places have ciabatta that's too crunchy for me), made for a wonderful lunch. The fries were done well, but not superior to other fries I've had. I was so full from the burger that I forgot to order a Nutella shake for desert. Our bartender was friendly, we talked Halloween costumes (my wife had just picked up a sailor outfit and tutu at Frederick's, right across the way from Burger Bar). My only complaint is that I had asked for a Coca-Cola, the only have Pepsi, so I ordered a Sprite and was brought... a Pepsi. Barely a complaint at all, I didn't bother correcting the order, but a tiny bit irritating. The food came exactly as ordered however, so it was a good experience overall.
For food quality to dollar value, it's hard to do better than this place. You can't go wrong with any of the burgers or my personal favorite, the pulled pork sliders. I'd gladly pay double for this level of food elsewhere. Plus - the staff is phenomenal. Incredibly attentive. It's my go-to place in Vegas. (Especially if I've had a tough day at the craps tables.)
Solid beer selection. Limited menu for those not looking for a burger, but I'd expect that. Burgers are good but pricey. I went with the sliders and they weren't over cooked. They know what a medium burger should be. Kind of cramped. You may wait for seating
It is an Hubert Keller restaurant in the mall next to Mandalay Bay (you can access from the inside of the hotel).  He has several other restaurants there but this one was more casual and sounded delicious after a night out.  Their Nutella milkshake is AHHH-mazing!  No really.  Their burgers are quite tasty and plentiful and I really recommend the fat (steak) fries and the sweet potato fries.  And the pesto aioli?! MMMMM MMMMMMMM good!
Hands down my favorite burger place it it does come with a price. The Kobe beef medium rare is my FAVORITE!!!!!! they have sweet potatoes fries and skinny fries too!!! They also have great zucchini fries. The service is always good even if you sit at the bar but it can get pretty packed so make sure you go before 7pm and you can usually get a booth right away but durning rush it can be like an hour or more wait AND YOU CAN'T MAKE RESERVATIONS.....so annoying especially if its an hour or more wait!
Great burgers!!  Had the Black Jack Burger & was soooo good.  Try it or build your own.
My wife and I have been here four times now, twice as tourists and twice as locals. We've watched the menu evolve and grow, and had (mostly) successful visits.. . Each time I end up getting a wagyu burger with a bunch of elaborate toppings and all three sauces from Keller's other restaurant at Mandalay, Fleur de Lys. It's an epic feast and hits the spot every time.. . One notable exception was a couple of years ago when we came an hour before 2 a.m. closing. At that hour, the service was weak and the food seemed cold. Otherwise, they cook it a solid medium rare each time - something that a lot of other hamburger places have trouble with.. . Solid hamburgers, with quality ingredients, at strip prices. And if you get lucky you'll see Hubert himself walking around.
We came here for the burgers and they were good but not the best we have had. They do have an awesome variety of beers including Prohibition and Stone from our local area of San Diego. We went to watch the Monday night football game and don't recommend it. I would go to a different place to watch games. But food was good and beer was also.
Before our semiannual HR happy hour, we all decided to come to Burger Bar for dinner.  If you're looking for a very versatile burger joint, this place offers just that!. . I love the space :-)  It's located on the way to Mandalay Place and offers a lot of seating!  The two toned walls and low lighting offer a very intimate setting for any type of party.  The back light on both bars and marble table tops really makes this place feel high end.  . . I really like the menu.  They have everything, for the vegetarian appetite, the vegan appetite and of course the carnivore appetite.  Tonight I got that grilled chicken Caesar salad for $8.50 + $3.50.  Super affordable for being on the strip!  I also got the Miller Lite pint for $5.75.  I thought the Miller Lite was a little stale but still did the trick.  My salad, though, was on point!  Romaine hearts, shaved Parmesan cheese, croutons and of course, tossed with Caesar dressing.  The dressing was lightly coated, not too powerful.  The Parmesan cheese was thinly shaved and packed a nice punch!  The croutons were in long strips of crusted toast, which you would crumble over the salad.  I thought the chicken was grilled perfectly!  It was seasoned well and they gave A LOT!  . . Definitely a must try, even if you're not a burger enthusiast.  If you are, you'll be in heaven!  Dress up, dress down it doesn't matter.  Prices are affordable and will certainly put a smile on your face!
I have been to Burger Bar in San Francisco and really enjoyed our meal there, so I was hoping that the Las Vegas location would be just as good.  I met my husband here for lunch since he was attending a conference at Mandalay Bay.  I got there a bit early to secure a table during what was a very busy lunch crowd!  I only had to wait about 20 minutes which wasn't bad at all, but I did get there before noon so I think that helped.  I ordered the Pepperjack Cheese shots to start, which were little fried balls of spicy cheese yumminess.  We had dinner reservations at a steakhouse later that evening, so we both veered away from the typical burger menu... my husband had the lamb burger which was delicious if you are a lamb lover.  Very flavorful.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich (yeah I know, I know, but I just couldn't stomach anymore beef) and it was surprisingly juicy and delicious!  You can select your own toppings (although you pay for everything besides lettuce, tomato, and onion) so I chose sauteed spinach and truffle mayonnaise.  Oh the mayo... I wanted to lick the cup it was so good.  Fat fries with spicy ketchup completed the meal.  For dessert we split a milkshake with peanut butter, chocolate, and Baileys... very rich and delicious.  All in all, we really enjoyed our meal and our server was great too.  We would definitely go back to Burger Bar!
Great burger place and good portions, definitely filled me up. I forget which burger I ate but I do remember the dipping sauce that they had on the side. It really complimented the burger, along with the big onion rings, it was a great meal.. . On the plus side, they have a TV mounted on the wall with ESPN, Burgersa beer and ESPN, really can't go wrong with that combo.
Booze, boobs and burgers are all found at The Burger Bar on the second floor in a mall atmosphere. Price of burgers start from 9.50 to 23 dollars. If you like milkshakes you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't go here.. . A regular angus beef burger costs 9.50 while a Hubert Keller burger is 22. Carmelized onions and bleu cheese are that big of a mark up? They place it on a ciabatta bread that is extremely fluffy and not chewy so that's a plus. Next time I'll order the angus beef and put 3 cheeses on it and get some spf's next time. The quality of meat is fine. The buns are spectacular. Went back on another occasion and tried the Kobe beef burger. It didn't stand out like I thought it would. Still, you can't go wrong eating here.. . Great service. All the girls have something attractive for everyone and come in different varieties while wearing a small top and yoga pants. You have the blonde athletic type, the very skinny and perky asian, the curvy alternative gal, the drop dead gorgeous latina with caramel skin and big, curly highlighted hair and a big, curvy butt in an extra tight shirt. I fell in love with this particular girl and tried not to look at her so much during my stay. This girl was bad ass. She is making some lucky guy out there really happy. Once you see a highlight like that at a restaurant I believe my taste buds take a back seat. . . You should go. For the food of course. It can get busy so watch out for the hours and wait time. It can get noisy and they can sometimes play grating music.
We went here because it was on our way to Mandalay Bay. Burgers, and fries, where could you go wrong? To me it was like a sports bar minus the awkwardness if you don't know every single player on every team. . . What I remember most is the...wait for it,...Nutella Burger. Yes, you heard me right. I know, I was confused when I saw it on the dessert menu. I was even more confused when it was placed in front of me. It is served  as a warm donut (Krispy Kreme-style), Nutella mousse patty, passion-fruit gelatin (fake cheese -NOT from a can), fresh strawberries and kiwi slices (fake pickles). Even as I ate it my mind was confused: It was delicious, but it's a burger..but it's not..it's supposed to be meaty...not sweet..wut? . . Yum.
Burger Bar is located in the Mandalay Place shopping area, between the Mandalay Bay and Luxor hotels.  The restaurant features a super long full bar with lots of flat screens to watch games and events.  There are lots of tables and booths to dine at.. . The cool thing about Burger Bar, is your ability to create YOUR burger.  Meat (5 different ones) buns and every topping you can imagine and cooked to order.  I recommend ordering their onion rings.  To die for with a side of ranch.  Cant go wrong and the atmosphere is upbeat.  Perfect way to start a great evening off in VEGAS!!!!
Nice burgers, high priced, A good burger with good meat off the BBQ is just as good! A restaurant with all the choices for sauces, vodkas, scotches, beers and yellow mustard or dijon only! No spicy mustard and I want spicy mustard! enough of that rant.  Burger very good, fries very good, staff very very nice, all in all, do it once and you decide!
While in Vegas during Christmas, we didn't want the buffet or any hotel restaurant.  I wanted a Burger with a good beer.. . The staff was friendly and there was a lot of varieties with Burgers and Shakes.  We ordered our food and it was out within 10 minutes. . . The next time we're in town and on the strip, we'll be making a pit stop here.
Fantastic burgers, excellent service, I don't think my glass of ice tea went below half.
Big fan of their burgers.
Pretty damn good burger! Came years ago and did the build your own burger, I just remember the burger was cooked perfectly, thick juicy patty, along with the fried egg that oozed yolk all over. Great drink & beer list too, left with the fullest happy belly ever! A little pricey for a burger but fresh ingredients and great flavor, well worth it.
Burger bar uses quality meat and excellent execution to make some really great burgers. Not the best burger I've ever had in my life, but pretty great. My favorites are the peppercorn burger and the Hubert burger.  They have an excellent beer selection as well.
Still Love this place!
Best veggie burger I had in Vegas! I love how you get to build your own burger.
What can I say about this place?  I'm a big fan.  I love their Burgers.  Located inside the Mandalay Bay, it's a must stop during any Vegas trip for us.  When I lived in Vegas, we visited this joint much more frequently.. . My favs are:. . American Classic Burger, $14.50 . Blackjack Burger, $13.80. Peppercorn Burger, $16.00. Sliders, $13.75. . The only downside is that it's a bit expensive for a Burger.  A couple of times a year when we're in Vegas is good enough.. . Return Factor - 80%
My last day in Vegas I decided to give this place a shot before I headed to the airport.  I opted for the build your own burger, with ground beef, smoked gouda, spinach and caramelized onions on a ciabata bun.  It was really yummy and perfectly cooked.  The fat fries were also great, came out very hot, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  The chipotle aioli was delicious with the fries.  And as far as Vegas goes, its not a bad deal -- about $16 for the burger and fries.
3 1/2 stars. Angela suggested this place telling me she had heard it was one of the best burger places in Vegas. It's also got one of the most expensive burgers in the States. So we came meeting a friend of hers who also brought his own friend.. . I got a bite of everything and actually I've uploaded a pic of my receipt. So you can see exactly what we ordered. I got the $60 burger and had them cut it into 4 pieces so we all had a bite. Angela got their spicy lamb burger, the other two ordered a peppercorn and salmon burger. I actually got a bite of all them. . . Lamb burger was overcooked. Almost well done, a medium at best. Was incredibly disappointing. Not good at all and I like lamb burgers. So don't order your lamb burger anything less then medium rare. Honestly, I wouldn't recommend any beef burger less than medium rare.. . The salmon burger was overcooked. Wasn't too impressed with this also. I mean both this and the lamb were like 2 stars to me, would not ever order them again. The peppercorn on the other hand was outstanding. Really strong fresh peppercorn and it's super tasty. Really liked it a lot.. . Ok, so the $60 burger. The beef was cooked perfectly. Just really, really excellent and tasty. The truffles, excellent. Burger also get serves with truffle oil on the side which you should absolutely pour on top and it so enhanced the flavor of everything. So what was its weakness? The foie gras. Not enough of it. Angela has never had foie gras and she told that she couldn't taste it. Not a good sign. I'm practically French and have eaten a ridiculous amount of different types of foie gras. Yeah, certain foie gras can have an incredibly powerful taste and overwhelm anything else if too much is used and eaten at once. This burger did not have this kind of foie gras. I could physically see the foie gras and even I could barely taste it. Seriously disappointing in this but other than this, a great burger. Worth $60. No, definitely not. Maybe a $30-40 burger. Maybe, though honestly I don't think I'd ever order this burger again. I'd encourage someone else to give it a try but I'd be good.. . So what really was the gem of evening? You can not only customize your burger and make any 100s of different permutations of different types of burgers here, you can also customize your own shake! This includes beer floats! But what's the true sign of a real milkshake connoisseur? I'll show you how you make a shake. So I told our waitress that whomever makes the milkshake, to customize me one. I was going to leave it to their imagination and experience. I said I'd eat anything and wasn't allergic to anything. The only thing was that I didn't want anything boring but a shake of all shakes. So it turns out, there's a guy who's dedicated to just making the shakes! How awesome is that. When he came out with my shake it was beautiful. And this is the real reason why I posted up my receipt so you can see what he put in it. I boxed my shake with a black pen so take a look! This alone will make Burger Bar a special place for me.. . So overall not a bad eating experience at all. I'd definitely come back anytime.
Good place to get a gourmet burger on the strip. I may be spoiled by all the great gourmet burgers in L.A. for way less money. They offer many options and a build-your-own burger option as well. I had the lamb burger and didn't add cheese. Big mistake because it was a little bland without it. Everyone else's burger was good, except the vegan burger. I would definitely come back if I'm craving a burger in Vegas, but would go with another burger instead.
yum! yum! yum!  they have the best appetizers (yummy sweet potato fries, onion rings, zuccini fries, macaroni bites..)  and good burgers.  I took some out of town guests here and they loved it!  Must try if you're on the strip for a great meal
I had the pleasure of eating at this establishment twice in one week while traveling for a conference. . . First of all the atmosphere was nice and un-pretentious its not a very big establishment but both times I went right around rush hour it was busy but still room was found for me (both a table and the bar) the staff were friendly and I had great service. . I built my own burger both times sticking with the more reasonable angus beef both times. . The food was great the sides were nice and hot and good portions that never left me wanting more. The burgers obviously hand made were almost the perfect thickness big enough to make them nice and moist holding in the juices but thin enough to allow the sides room to act on their own. . The beer and drink choices were great with many varieties of taps and a full bar. . The two things that keep this from being a 5 star is some rather large variability on burger doneness  (one was perfect the other borderline underdone both ordered at the same medium) as well as being a bit pricy for what you get . . Overall if I am back in mandalay bay ever I will easily visit this place again
Very tasty vegan patty!  Chocolate Oreo shake was delish! Service was a little slow, other than that a really great experience.
The Burger Bar had slipped a bit over the last couple of year but this year they've rebounded considerably. I ate there twice this trip and both times the burgers were outstanding as were the fat fries. (skip the skinny fries - they tend to come out cold). I still wish they offered brown or deli mustard along with the plethora of other dipping goodies.. . I have to knock off 1.5 stars for the table service which is indifferent at best. The best bet for service is sit at the bar.
I'm really torn on what rating to give Burger Bar. Without a doubt, it was the very best burger I've ever had. The fries were also some of the best I've ever had and the selection of dipping sauces was vast and executed perfectly.. . After perusing the menu I knew I'd be ordering The Hubert Keller Burger, a burger with buffalo, caramelized onion, baby spinach, and bleu cheese on ciabatta. It was served with a side of red wine and shallot reduction. I typically tend to gravitate towards more unique protein options (such as buffalo) when ordering a burger. I love me some beef, but change is always good. I'm pleased to report the buffalo patty had a slight char on the outside and was cooked a perfect medium-rare. The onions were sweet and abundant, the spinach was the epitome of fresh, and the bleu cheese added a great tang. I loved the ciabatta as it really held up against the juiciness of the buffalo. The only thing I didn't love about the burger was the reduction it was served with. The reduction itself was really tasty, but I didn't quite get the point of it. The burger was already really flavorful and juicy and the reduction was served in a mini gravy boat. You couldn't dip the burger into it and if you poured it on the burger it would just drip down your hands. I thought it was unnecessary. . . As mentioned, the fries were perfection. I sampled both the sweet potato fries and the regular fries. They were nicely seasoned, fried to a golden brown, and you had the option of ordering a sauce sampler. For a very reasonable price you could order five different saucesand we settled on the aoli, chipotle aoli, pesto aoli, white bbq sauce, and truffle mayo. All were delicious and really elevated the fry experience.. . Drinks were also exceptional. My dirty vodka martinis were expertly made. Perfect amount of olives and olive juice, strong pour, and just the perfect amount of those micro ice chards. . . So why only 4 stars? Burger Bar deserves 5 stars based on the food and drinks, but something about the experience was lacking. Service was mediocre and the restaurant itself wasn't maintained very well. Everything was sticky. The menu, table, bench.... the personal TV in our booth was nice, but the plastic covering was all scratched up. I realize this isn't a fine dinning establishment, but considering it does have Hubert Keller's name associated with it I was expecting it to be a little nicer and cleaner. . . Despite a few flaws, I wouldn't hesitate to return here. By far the best burger I've ever had. If you're ever in Nevada, definitely hit up Burger Bar. Be sure to bring your own wet-naps though.
This hotel is located inside of Mandalay Bay which was convenient for us since that was where we were staying. We didn't want to eat too much because we wanted to save room for drinking later. We ordered sweet potato fries, zucchini fries & an order of chicken wings. We didn't order a burger because when I looked around, they seemed pretty big and I knew I wouldn't be able to finish it.. I thought what we ordered would be something for us to munch on and keep us full temporarily until later that night but we were pretty filled up and didn't even end up eating dinner later!. . We didn't have much of a wait but then again, we went at an odd time (4:00-4:30pm). Our waitress was very friendly and our food came out really fast.. Overall, we were very satisfied and will definitely eat here again the next time we're in Vegas.
My husband & I went here on a recent trip to Vegas, mainly because we watch Hubert Keller on TV and wanted to visit one of his restaurants. We enjoyed it--it's not fancy, more like a sports bar. I had the vegan burger, which was grilled veggies between two portabello mushrooms. It was great and I'm not a vegan! My husband had the low carb burger--lettuce instead of a bun. He liked it too. He also had a shake that I had a few sips of--yummy! It seems weird that we both didn't get regular burgers, but at this point in the trip, we just wanted to eat lighter. I would love to visit again and try the lamb burger! . . My burger came with shoe string fries (good). My husband's didn't so he ordered "fat" fries on the side. There was plenty with mine though--so we could have shared. It just depends on how big of an eater you are.
Had always wanted to try Burger Bar, and finally did on this trip.  Ordered the kobe burger with foie gras.  I had originally ordered the truffle sauce, but it came without the truffle sauce, but instead came with truffle mayo.  My server realized the mistake, and apologized and said that she would make the correction to my bill.   didn't mind since the truffle mayo was excellent.  The burger was fine (not sure I'd go with the kobe again since I didn't notice that much of a difference from a regular beef burger).  Foie gras was nice addition.  Sweet potato fries were very good too.  Ordered a caramel milk shake after lunch which was very good too, but killed my appetite for my dinner a Sage later that day.  Not sure I'd make Burger Bar a destination, but if you're nearby, I'd recommend it for a burger.  Service was very attentive.
Dessert burgers to die for! Sweet potato fries that are so good they will instantly become your favourites*! Why exactly am I shouting!!!?. . Currently, actively working my way through their Chef's Burgers portion of their menu -- I have had the Surf/Turf (not my favourite), the namestake Hubert Keller Burger, and a third one that I am not sure of which one it was now -- only on one occasion was my burger not cooked to temperature (asked for 'medium rare'; was brought 'well done'). . . Back to the dessert burgers. Goddamn is that creamy cheese cake burger one good. . . The service has been hit or miss for us here. They can be busy -- and I can understand busy -- but there are other places that are busy but still take your order fairly quickly and more importantly bring you your desserts after ordering them in a timely manner. . . The weaknesses in this area force me hand in a four-star versus a five, although anyone can come here and easily have their five-star experience on a routine basis. Food is great; boy, those dessert burgers cannot be overstated though. - E. . *That is until you try the sweet potato fries at BurGR.
The Burger Bar restaurant in Mandalay Bay is one of our favorites when visiting Las Vegas. The burgers are delicious, fries too. Kobe, buffalo and black angus cooked to order. My husband loves their large beer selection.  You may ask for a small taste of a new beer selection also. I love their cole slaw.  So many sides too, like avocado, pineapple, sprouts, jalapeno bacon and carmelized onions. The ground mustard is amazing!  Their salads are nice.  The shakes are awesome, many varieties.  They have a "burger" dessert made from a Krispy Kreme donut for the roll and a nice slice of nutella for the burger!  Erin is our best favorite waitress at the Burger Bar.  She may have a twin, but there is only one Erin!  Many solo peeps sit happily at the bar.  There is one chicken dish.
We were at Mandalay Bay Aquarium and yelped this place. The wait was about 20 minutes and they wanted us to sit at a table near the entrance which was an awkward looking location as people were coming close to it when they were entering and leaving. we declined and opted instead to wait an additional 15 minutes for something else. 5 minutes later we were seated at a comfy booth. They even let us bring our fat Tuesday drinks in. The atmosphere is sports bar like and fun. The waitress was nice and helpful when it came to the menu as it was our first time. She had some great recommendations. I had the Lamb Burger with customized toppings of caramelized onions and Jack cheese. The waitress warned that it wasn't for everyone and you either love it or hate it. I love gamey meats so to me it was flavorful and juicy. The zucchini fries could have been thicker cut because it seemed to be mostly batter but the fried batter was crisp and tasty so i enjoyed them. My girlfriend had the Hubert Keller Burger which was very tasty with just the right combination of toppings to satisfy. The skinny fries were decent French fries. We tried the martinis and they were good too. Would definitely go back to try one of their other creations!
Came here with a large group.  Everybody LOVED their burgers.  Many of us ordered the alcohol shakes.  The shakes were delicious but too rich for one person.  I recommend splitting a shake with someone.  . The service was great too.
Came here with a large group for my 21st birthday and had an excellent time! . . I'll be the first to admit that I was drunk, but I do remember loving the burger I ordered. What burger did I get, you ask? Who knows! It was good, though.. . My boyfriend got a flight of their alcoholic shakes, and I'm pretty sure he died and went to alcohol heaven. . . Definitely recommend this for dinner in Vegas! Cheap (comparatively to other places on The Strip), and the service was friendly (as far as I can remember in my drunken stupor).
I would give 5 instead of 4 but the service always sucks, however the burgers are amazing!
I went here based on a recommendation and it didn't disappoint. The ingredients are fresh and they have a very big menu. You can select a burger off of the menu or customize your own. Customization doesn't just include toppings & sauces, but also the type of protein, bun and fries. There's lots to choose from! Make sure you save room for dessert. It's not only delicious, but they have cleverly made it look like a hamburger! This place is super popular and usually crowded. But they stay open until 1 a.m. Fridays and Saturdays. So, we went after seeing a late show and there was barely anyone there.
Huge selection of bottled beer and a good selection of draught as well. The build a burger menu was a bit overwhelming. However the smaller selection of chef's burgers provided a number of choices without all the planning. The classic "wedge salad" is always good to see on a menu and this one is quite well done. My American Classic burger was cooked perfectly but arrived a bit soon after the salad and the bun was overly soggy. Still, a great choice for beer and burgers.
Surf and Turf burger was delicious!!! Lobster and asparagus...amazing! Would highly recommend this place.
That is a TASTY BURGER!!! Yes the burgers here are some of the best in Vegas!! The toppings list is a work of art, as is the various choices of meat to make the burgers.. The bar is a nice place to sit and eat the burger as there is an impressive choice of beers on tap and in bottles. The staff is friendly and efficient, and the burgers are cooked to order, so a Med/rare comes out exactly that!!. Well worth the price and the trip to MB!!
The last 4 times I've been in Vegas I've had Burger Bar, that alone should speak volumes. Now the burgers here are very expensive but it's Las Vegas; everything is expensive. . . The cool thing about this restaurant is that all the booths have their own TV. They have a good selection of beer and drinks and an even better selection of burger. The one thing I don't like is that all the add-ons (For me: American Cheese, bacon, sprouts) costs extra :( . . . I always get my burgers cooked medium-rare and that's the way they turn out. The patty is soft but I feel that it's just a tiny bit too greasy. That's OK, if you're eating a burger you shouldn't be worrying about grease. No burger is complete without french fries BUT DO ASK FOR THEIR AIOLI dipping sauce, it is phenomenal on the burger and even better with the fries.. . The service has always been good here and I like the sports-bar style atmosphere. Overall one of the better restaurants on the strip and a very good burger.
Enjoyed the Fry Sampler we tried--sweet potato fries, fried zucchini and onion rings.  Cinnamon honey mustard dip was amazing with sweet potato fries.  Peppercorn burger was nicely done.  Salted caramel milkshake was too rich for my taste and I was done after first try.
If you are craving a burger...you can't top this in Vegas. OPTIONS OPTIONS OPTIONS!!! You start by selecting your meat...generous options. Then your bun type and then almost half a page of toppings. Including something like 9 types of bacon, different types of onions...all the way up to lobster. Cheap sides too...all delicious. A MUST!
Building your own burger is the reason to visit this place.  A small, somewhat-cramped eatery in the halls of the Mandalay Bay, Burger Bar is exactly what you'd expect from a Las Vegas casino restaurant:  A little over-priced because of the location, but with plenty of options and a solid effort at quality.. . My burger wasn't delicious. It was good, but that's it.  It's hard to find a place that'll cook a medium rare burger, and this place only came close.  But it has a nice set of options, including gluten-free buns and kobe beef.  I definitely recommend the sweet potato fries and a few different sauces (truffled mayo anyone?).  I had a decent chocolate milk-shake while I was there, too.. . I wanted to rave about this place.  I loved the menu and got excited about my order.  But I ended up finishing my meal without one of those "MMMMMMM" moments.  If you crave a good burger and don't feel like leaving the casino, it's a fine offering.
great sliders! great restrooms! great servers! Not so great casino-hotel, the hotel or mandalay bay are horrible.
I have been here 3 times. It's a bit pricey-as one should expect for a trendy spot. There usually is a wait but there's always an upbeat mood inside. The menu allows you to select from a combination of burgers, or you can customize your own from the bun in. The desert burger is a novel idea, but too much for me on my own. Great to share!
I've been here a few times and the servers have always been friendly and attentive.   The burgers are decent, a bit pricey, but then it's Vegas.  I do like how many beers they have on tap and they even have the lambics on tap.  The onion rings are quite delicious as well, but that can also be because it was just the right thing to soak up the alcohol.
Quite expensive for burgers, but oh so delicious!
For our group's end of the year dinner, we were angling for burgers and decided on this place mainly because they were likely to be able to seat a table of just shy of twenty. I got more and more excited as I did my research and found that this was often listed as a top burger place in Las Vegas. Hey, don't laugh at my naivete! You know it's all about Bachi anyway if you're a local.. . I chose the Hubert Keller burger because I wanted to try buffalo meat and I was too lazy to try to custom-build one. Oh, and the whole having his name on it thing means it has to be good or else, right? Indeed, it was delicious. It came out medium-rare as I had requested, and the first thing I did was try to take a bite without adding the red wine and shallot reduction. Mistake number one! Gotta pour that sauce on there to get the maximum flavor out of this. Granted, the caramelized onions and blue cheese complemented each other well, but you need to use the sauce. Also, I liked the bite from the red onions that I threw on later and barely noticed the lettuce and tomato, which is fine by me because I just didn't want them to go to waste on the plate.. . Did I not talk about the meat yet? Well, that's because I was saving it for its own paragraph. I loved it. It was similar to beef in a way, but it had a much cleaner flavor. It's somewhat hard to detect the unique flavor that sets it apart until you get a piece of mostly meat in your mouth, which I finally did at the end, and it's definitely not what I would call gamey or anything. It's just something different to appreciate because you don't eat it everyday (well, I guess you can, but I can't be bothered).. . The only drawback to my meal was that the fries somehow just did not go with the burger, so it was like eating two separate dishes the entire time. I think I should've had sweet potato fries instead. When I tried a few of those from my friend, the sweetness called out to me as something that would have worked. So for those of you who might wanna try the Hubert Keller burger, I do suggest that you try to substitute in sweet potato fries for the normal thin fries (but it might cost more? dunno).. . There is no doubt that this is a great place on the Strip to have a burger. If you're from out of town (and you're not one of those deprived people who have never tried In-N-Out), you won't go wrong making this your burger stop.
Solid burger joint...mine was cooked perfectly and the staff/service was great.  Good selection of beer as well.
I do love a place that has super juicy burgers and alcoholic milk shakes all is one location. i tend to "build my own burger". but when i am feeling like a veggie burger the patty can be on a the dryer side but still fits in the burger category.
This place is amazing! I am saddened that I have to give only 4 stars because my server was such a snob. Otherwise it would have been perfection.. . Thanks for all of the tips from everyone. I ended up getting the Kobe burger with pepper jack cheese, avocado, grilled onion, jalapeno bacon with Truffle Mayo. OMG- this was the best burger I have ever had. . . I also had the skinny fries and ordered the sauce sampler (5 choices) with: Basil Aioli, Truffle mayo, White BBQ Sauce, Spicy Ketchup and Chipotle Aioli. Let me tell you that they were all very good sauces. But that Truffle Mayo is so good I think I could just drink it out of a glass. Not a joke! . . I also ordered the Beer Sampler of course. I can't remember all of the names of beer that I got, except I did get Stella Artois, and the Sin City beer.  This was really cool and I loved all of the beer I chose.. . Everyone at my table loved this experience. We would have stayed for dessert but our waiter the snob seemed like he wanted us to leave. So that is exactly what we did. So much for my Nutella Milkshake and Chocolate Burger. Maybe next time.
This place has awesome burgers, they even have a $100 burger that I haven't tried yet but I'm sure it's excellent.  Every time I stay at the Mandaylay Bay I go have a burger at here.  They have all different kinds of meats including bison which I always get and you can top it off with almost anything.  This place isn't cheap so if your looking for a $5 burger you better stick to Micky D's or Jack N the Crack.. . Give this place a try and you will have a good time and a good burger.
Burgers were OK, nothing to really rave about. Their appetizers were pretty good especially the fries w/ multiple dipping sauces. But, the Nutella Shake... OMG best shake I've ever had in my life. . . The service was good and pretty attentive.
The only problem with this place is that it will take you two dozen trips to Vegas to try everything on the menu!
awesome menu and good service. been here a couple times.  will go back.... . try the beers they have from around the world... Veggie and Turkey Burger are amazing.
Not going to lie, I was a little tempted to order this $60 Rossini burger that was on the menu just to say that I've had it. Unfortunately, it sounded too heavy before a night out on the town and drinking, so I opted out.. . This is located in the strip mall at Mandalay Bay. I've walked by several times, but had never been in. While you're waiting, they have a free photobooth outside to take some photos. You can either social media tag them or e-mail to yourself. Cool little perk and makes the time go by faster before you're seated. I'm sure there are some great photos as the drunks come rolling through.. . A full bar is available and they have a ton of beers to choose from and there are various televisions on different sporting events if you're into that sort of thing.. . What I tried:. I created my own burger with the Australian Kobe beef with a ciabatta bun, spinach, swiss, fried egg, tomato, and chipotle aioli. This was served with skinny fries that were thin and crispy, just the way I like 'em. The burger itself wasn't everything that I had hoped for. As you know, I feel like I suck when it comes to building my own masterpieces, so I usually opt out. I should have stuck to my own habits and done so again.. . I don't think that the spinach necessarily worked on the burger. It was sauteed but really watery making the rest of the burger super moist. I order the meat cooked medium and the combo of spinach and medium meat juices didn't really blend well. To be perfectly honest, I couldn't tell that the beef was that much better than the normal patties that my friends had in their sliders. Next time I will opt for the black angus beef and save myself $8. But at least I can say that I tried it.. . I snuck some onion rings off of my friend's plate. They were pretty damn delicious. The onion was sweet inside and the outside was crispy and airy. They stayed crispy throughout the whole meal and I was tempted to order a second round. I was too stuffed, and that weird burger combo kinda gave me a stomach ache. Again, not their fault, I chose the flavors.. . Service was good and everything came out fast. Our server was patient with some of my drunk table mates- I'm sure they get a lot of the crazy banter all the time.. . I wish I would have tried one of their desserts. They have a good variety of shakes (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) and something called a chocolate burger.. . I would come back and try one of their other burgers and will sub for a side of onion rings. This place is more expensive than a typical restaurant, but it's expected since it's inside a hotel on the strip. Live a little.
friendly service and yummy food: the Hubert Keller burger is a must, although the chicken wings were a bit too dry, they were still very tasty!
After a late night at the pai-gow table at the Luxor, my boy and I headed up to our room. I woke up at 1200, when our friend Mike was leaving our room. I realized we had missed our check out time! My head dizzy and my stomach queasy, my boy and I quickly packed our bags and headed out the door. After a discrete snooze at a bar, I woke up knowing I should eat (but not really wanting to). We headed towards the Mandalay Bay looking for food. Nothing sounded better than the Burger Bar, why? The hangover burger! I know it may sound kinda odd, but it was what the doctor ordered. I was able to share the burger with my boy and make it safely on to the plane a couple of hours later :)! Highly recommend it if you hit the town hard the night before!
Ahh the choices they give you! I have to say I have been here numerous times as it is a good place for a consistent burger. The different bacons are my favorite thing, the foie burger is really too rich but good. The turkey burger is great just make sure if you get the waygu burger you get mid rare I have had a few over cooked burgers I unfortunately have sent back. The bar is a good place to sit also the fries with different dipping sauces are wonderful.
burger bar is officially on our "must do" list every time we're in town!. . this time around, i did the pink monkey shake and mac n cheese croquettes.  it was a bit early in the day for a burger.  both options were super tasty.. . i did take away a star this time around.  our service was a bit slow and i think that $20 for a lamb burger was pretty expensive.  it won't keep us from coming back, i just think there are better items on the menu than a $20 burger.
After watching Top Chef Masters, I'm a big fan of Hubert Keller. Who else can manage to cook a 5 star meal in a dorm room using a hot plate and a shower stall? I also admire his diverse interests- not many chefs can boast about being a DJ in their spare time!. . Anyways, I was excited to try out his Burger Bar restaurant when we were in Vegas. We got here around opening time, and there was already a line forming to try out the delicious burgers. Although we had a large party, we were seated promptly. . . We decided to order the chicken wing appetizer, and I had a nutella shake to start out with. The chicken wings were good, but quite small compared to other chicken wings you'll find at other places. The nutella shake was beautifully presented, with elegant swirls of chocolate syrup laced on the inside of the cup. The shake itself was smooth, rich, chocolate indulgence, topped with chocolate whipped cream and a sprinkling of whole hazelnuts.. . Although I didn't order the beer float paddle sampler, a person in our party did, and it looked amazing! (See pictures for the evidence!). . Although the Rossini burger was indeed tempting, I decided to forgo the $60 price tag and order the signature Hubert Keller burger ($22). After all, why not order the owner's favorite burger? It was perfectly cooked to order (Medium rare), with tender, flavorful buffalo meat, spinach, blue cheese, caramelized onions, with a lovely red wine sauce on the side. I'm not normally a fan of blue cheese, but it meshed well with the other ingredients. The only slight negative was that the burger really needed the red wine sauce on the burger, otherwise it tasted like it lacked a little seasoning. The fries that automatically came with the burger were decent, with a nice crisp outer layer.. . Maybe if I strike it big in Vegas one of these days, I'll splurge on that $60 gilded lily of a burger, but for now I'll go for the other signature burgers!
Fun mixing different things to put on a burger!
The only thing I've had here are the Dessert Burgers.  I had the Nutella one and OMG!!!! It was AWESOME!!! I'm sure they are packed with calories, but it was worth it!!! I saw another table receiving shakes that look equally AWESOME!  I hope to go back and try something else on the menu.  I just wan't hungry my first time there.
The Veggie burger is a must-try! Service was wonderful and the zucchini fries were heavenly:)
What is not to like about burger and bar. You pick your patty and add what ever topings from jalapeno bacon to black truffles.  You can not walk out without spending 50$ but well worth it.
One of the best burgers in Vegas.
Good Food Great Drinks, I would for sure go back
We have eaten here several times and have always had a good burger. The atmosphere is great. I can't say anything bad at all.
One of the best burgers I've ever had!
First time trying this place. Food is great but our service was awful! The busboy did more for us than our waitress. Food is also a little pricey, but still good flavor.
When I first heard about this place and the famous $60 Rossini burger, and that my guy went without me & I was soooo pissed off!  All I talked about was going here, and finally 1 year later I made it!  Foie Gras, and shaved truffles on a kobe wagyu burger. What else can I really say!. . I was thinking, oh my gosh, I'll never be able to finish this and it's gonna go to waste. But when this gem of a burger was delivered to my table I was pleasantly surprised at it's simplicity. It  was perfectly sized and not over garnished. It comes with a side of sprouts and little cup of brown sauce which you can drizzle on your burger, or use to dip your fries. . . Some might think, well that's just silly spending $60 on a burger, but it does come with a dessert or shake of your choice. . . All in all pretty damn good, and I look forward to trying their other creations! . Be aware that there is often a wait so make a reservation or plan accordingly.
Have passed by here numerous times during the epic Vegas trips and this past time decided to eat here upon recommendation from my cousin.. . I do like the concept of building your own burger.. To those of you in the Bay Area, its like The Counter but better. . Opted for the Kobe beef (although it was delicious, I didn't notice a difference between your USDA beef). I was smacking myself in the head for totally overlooking to add some kind of sauce to the burger (big mistake). Great atmosphere, TVs, and I highly recommend the ICE CREAM SHAKES. One of the best shakes I've ever had You won't be disappointed & well worth the price.  This place will become a staple for future Vegas trips for me
We tried Burger Bar on our most recent trip to Vegas, and I thought it was pretty good.  It was short of being the cream of the crop, but it was better than average.. . When we sat down to eat, I liked that the waitress was friendly and easy to talk to.  I also liked that they had a small TV embedded into our booth so that we could watch baseball while dining.  . . For my entree, I ordered the Surf and Turf burger, which consisted of an angus beef patty with three jumbo shrimp (although the menu online says it has lobster, but it was actually shrimp when I ate here) and asparagus on top.  It was good, and tasted like they used quality ingredients.  However, it didn't mesh as well as I would have liked.  To complement my burger I substituted a side of onion rings instead of fries, and thought they were pretty good.  . . I can't say that I would go out of my way to eat at Burger Bar, but I would definitely eat here again if I am in the area and can find it.  I give it a solid 3 1/2 stars.
Great service! They send the food out quick, price it moderately, and are very willing to help out with dietary restrictions. I am a vegetarian and don't eat much dairy...the server was quick to come up with something delicious to fit my needs. Not an upscale place by any means, but good food at the right price on the Strip! The boyfriend said the milkshakes are phenom too! :)
Had a great lunch here.  Took about 15 minutes to get seated but it was worth it.  Service was excellent.  My Hangover Burger was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  I would recommend this place to anyone who shares my love of burgers!
The food at the Burger Bar was really good!  I tried the sliders, which is a nice way to sample some of the different meats (loved the Buffalo) and my son did up a custom burger with bacon and a fried egg, which he loved.  Their onion rings are killer, but the cheeze sticks and the fried mac and cheese seemed to have come from Costco or something - nothing special.  Their spicy ketchup and the aoli sauces were both amazing, with both the burgers and the onion rings and fries.  We tried the truffle mayo, though and that was pretty disappointing.  It just tasted like mayo.  And it was $1.50 for  tiny side of it, where as the far superior aoli and spicy ketchup was only $.50.  (Be sure to ask because while they advertise a sampler of sides and sauces, they actually charge you for each one!  It was a bit confusing.). . The milkshakes, too, were SO good, too. My son did a custom one with some crazy concoction of stuff but I had the Black and White, which was killer.  I could have eaten a whole bowl of the chocolate whipped cream alone. . . Really a good place with tasty food.  If you are a burger and/or milkshake fan, you'll enjoy this place!
It is tough to rate burger restaurants because after a while they all start to taste the same, but Burger bar is really good! They are definately one of the top 5 burger places in Las Vegas!They have a menu of premade selections that come the way the house intended them including regular burgers, buffalo, lamb, and ones with many cheeses and grilled toppings. Then they also ahve a section where you build your own burger and select what type of meat, bread, and toppings. I had a naturesource burger with cheddar cheese, pepper bacon, and "hangover" sauce. It was delicious, the burger was cooked perfectly and was juicy and seasoned well. The bread was soft and the toppings went together perfectly. I was very satisfied and the only negative is that if you dont stick with a basic burger it can get expensive for a burger. If you start adding toppings or upgrade to dry aged meat etc. you can end with a burger over $20.00, otherwise it was awesome!
I had the Hubert Keller burger and it was gooooooooood. And the hazelnut milkshake. Yuuuuuuuuuum. That is all.
Came here on my quest for foie gras. According to yelp, this is one of the most affordable places to find foie on the strip. . . We walked up at 8pm on a Tuesday and found that it was a 45 minute wait for a table. However their bar seating goes all the way to the back of the restaurant (pretty long) and we were able to find seats at the end of the bar. . . We ordered . . Fried pepper jack "shots"/ breaded cheese balls that are breaded and fried. They were crisp and the cheese inside was soft but not too oozy. The flavor was solid but towards the end of the dish it became apparent that it was just cheese. I love cheese so for me that was a plus, but be prepared for a lack of flavor development. . . "Naturesource" (I think free range) Patty, onion bun, carmelized onions, foie gras/ the foie gras add on was an extra $13, making this burger run around $26. I was splitting with my husband and they split the plates without us asking but then also charged us a $2 split plate fee. . . The foie gras was about a third of a full one, which for $13 isn't bad. I actually removed it from my burger so I could taste it on its own. The patty was too thick for the foie.. I would recommend adding the truffle sauce ($5) as this dish was a little on the dry side without. The onions were carmelized beautyfully, and the patty was perfectly cooked.. . I would return.
This place id definitely a top 5 buger place in Las Vegas. I went in for lunch and the hosteses were very nice especially Maegan who was especially helpful! I built my own burger and had the aged beef with pepper bacon, cheddar, and hangover sauce. The meat was delicious and the toppings were a perfect match for the burger. It was juicy and the potato bun was soft. I would definately recommend it to my friends as  a top place in town. The only reason it is not a 5 star rating is that it can get expensive when you build your own burger. Mine was around 20 dollars and it wasnt really that "exotic" to be that much (meaning i didnt add crazy stuff like shrimp or foie gras) Other than that is was awesome and I will definately go again.
Food was sooooo good! Service was great. I did think it was a bit dumb that in order to have happy hour you had to sit at the bar?  Thats just weird.
Next time I'm in Vegas and craving a burger...I'm coming here and I'm gonna order the Foie Gras burger all for myself.  OMG the foie gras was delicious, rich, and melt in your mouth yummy!  The strong mushroom flavor coming from the black truffles was oh so good too!. . Honestly, if you're gonna splurge and indulge in a burger...come here and pay $60 for the famous Foie Gras burger.   . . ::I was kinda drooling while writing this review::
straight forward: great service, only reason one star was taken off was: burger fell apart, wasn't constructed well, and over-pricey. Everything else though, food was bomb, etc. etc. Can't lie, food was good, nutella milkshake yum..
We frequent this place one every two or three months, not only as it's the spawn of one of my favorite Chef's (Hubert Keller) but these burgers are made with some of the best ingredients in town.  The sweet potato fries are a must as well.  I'm a self deemed foodie so I'm all about customization.  I know you are never supposed to mess with a good thing (as the majority of menus TELL you what you will be ingesting), but I enjoy Chef's approach where you choose your protein, bun and toppings.  Sometimes I'm not always in the mood for the INSERT NUMBER here, so this type of menu opens you up for multiple visits.  . . During the last visit I had to go with the Angus (mid-rare) on Ciabatta (for the crunch) topped w/ Blue Cheese (addict), Avocado and Carmelized Onions w/ a side of Sweet Potato fries.  . Burger came out in about 15 minutes and it was gone in less than 5.  The crunch of the bread w/ the combination of the buttery avocado, saltiness of the blue and sweetness of the onions made me have instant happy face.. . Very satisfying meal and we will be back next time I swing by Mandalay.  Next time, i'll have to try the Milkshakes as I saw these beingserved to the Mid-Westerners at the table next to me who were raving that they were "GONNA DIE" because they were so good.
An awesome alternative to dropping mad duckets at Fleur de Lis if you would like to experience Hubert Keller's food.. . This place rocks about 6 of their own signature burgers which I find to be kind of low for a Celebrity Chef. With a chef of this caliber I would have loved to have seen more options. I love the idea of having choices, but sometimes can use the guidance of a professional... especially a known professional.. . You also have the option of completely designing your own burger from the buns, to the meats, to the cheeses, andto the toppings.. . Your meats range anywhere from your everyday 80/20 blend of ground beef all they way up to American Kobe which is a delicious blend of Black Angus Beef and Japanese Wagyu Beef. Since it's not actual Japanese Kobe Beef one can experience the next best thing next to the original for a fraction of the cost!. . I'm not really a gamblin man so dropping $25 bucks on a great Cheeseburger is no big deal for me... and the experience last longer than how quickly I don't achieve 21!. . I've been here a couple of times, but an example of one of the burgers I constructed was this: American Kobe Beef Patty, tender Grilled Onions, an Over Easy Egg, crispy delicious Bacon, American Cheese, and a perfectly balanced BBQ Sauce with Sweet Potato Fries. I found this combination most mouth watering and delicious that had my eyes rolling in the back of my head in pure culinary ecstasy. The burger was smooth and juicy and was complemented exquisitely by the other components of this burg!. . I just couldn't bring myself to giving them a perfect score because some "Amuse Douche" server that was working on that visit just made my entire visit simply horrible. He was arrogant, argumentative, and his facial expressions were appalling. Someone definitely woke up on the wrong side of the bed that morning in turn leaving (pun intended) a bad taste in my mouth.. . Decor inside is modern and warm.. . The word is out on this place as there is always a line, but it is definitely worth the wait.
What can I say... I love the Burger Bar! My husband and I always make a trip here when we are in Las Vegas. We just stayed at Mandalay Bay over Labor Day weekend so we had a short walk to one of our favorite spots.. . I have to say, the Kobe Beef is one of the best I have ever had. It is so delicious and just melts in your mouth. But if you want to keep it basic (and less expensive) the Angus Beef is a great choice as well! You really can't go wrong.. . The only reason I am giving Burger Bar only 4 stars is because our server was a bit off. When we told him he left bacon off of one of the burgers, he said "well then there's a kitchen full of Mexicans I need to go yell at". It was so off color and uncomfortable for our entire table that we really didn't want to deal with him any longer.. . Other than that odd experience, the food and ombiance is amazing.
Wow! Best burger I ever had! The service was not the best but Kobe burger is worth ton!
Stopped in because it was the only thing open, without much expectation, and pleasantly surprised! I got the sliders and they were delicious! it was a variation of three kinds and all were good. Fries were cooked just right! I would reccomend this place! Even though there were closing shortly, the staff was extra friendly!
Three of us had just seen the Shark Reef and we were exploring the Mandalay Bay when we decided to stop and eat.  We had seen Hubert Keller on TV showing us how to make a few different burgers but what caught our attention was the veggie burger.  We thought hmm that sounds pretty good and then forgot about it.  Because who is gonna make just a little bit of rice, lentils, and the several other ingredients it takes to make the patty?  Easier to go to the Burger Bar and order it.  . . I loved it and it was only eight dollars, hands down the cheapest burger on the menu.  . My sister in law had the Angus Beef burger with bacon and blue cheese and was very happy with her choice.  We shared sampling of sweet potato fries, fried zucchini strips, regular fries, and fried onion rings.  Even though it was fried nothing seemed greasy.  You can pick special condiments you want but they charge you for it or you can just use the bottle of ketchup and mustard on the table.  We got a ranch dressing, a spicy mayo that wasn't so spicy, and a homemade ketchup which was a bit spicy.   I don't how much the total was because my sister in law picked up the tab.. . I enjoyed my meal and liked the fact that I got to try Hubert Keller's recipe.  I expect that his cooks have been trained to execute it to his standards and that the ingredients are high end.
One of my favorite burger joints in Vegas.  You basically build your burger the way you want it, choosing the type of beef, bun, cheese and toppings.  No need to get too fancy because even the base beef is great!  The Alcoholic Shakes are tasty and you can't detect the alcohol.
The overall concept was nice and a good use of space. The Fry Sampler was just what our table needed; especially if you want to try a few things without gorging yourself before the main course. The Fat fries were nice and crispy, the zucchini fries taste great with ranch, and I was surprised at the flavor of the onion rings because I am not a big fan of onion rings. . . I ordered the veggie burger on wheat, which was a nice portion size. The homemade dijon mustard is a must for this "burger".  . . Our waitress Mary was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.
I always have a soft spot for a good burger and this place delivers.  Best Bloody Mary ..well if I remember right..haha.. It has been a while since visiting this Fav place for a local.  But, I like choosing my own combo to make a perfect burger. . I have been there about 3-4 times and can be A bit crowded, but good indication the food is worth it.. Cheers..get the Bloody Mary. :0P
Be forewarned: If you have trouble spending $20 on a burger, do not come to Burger Bar. I have been to BB many 'o times. It has become a staple when any of my family visits. It seems like the only times people are not satisfied is when they have a mental block regarding the price because it is a simple (and usually cheap) American standard. For my money, BB is well worth it - and I am not even a burger lover by any means. The ingredients are high quality and the food is usually executed perfectly. The beer selection is great and they throw in just enough wine options. The service is usually decent, but there has been some suspect service for a Strip property (especially considering how easy of a job it is at this joint). The blah decor, and a little inconsistency on the food and more so on the service is what holds BB back from five stars. Tip: All of the meat here is high quality. Skip the more expensive beef options and go with the least expensive. I have tried them all and more expensive options are not worth the extra dough.
Pretty good food. Always busy though. Decent service. Great milkshakes.
From what I can recall, the burger was juicy with just the right amount of pink in the middle.  The Guiness Shake, one of the best shakes I have EVER had!  The sweet potato fries, not your soggy type but a crisp flaky feeling of goodness coupled with an amazing lunch experience in Vegas.. . Will I go back?  Most definitely.  It's time to try some of their other meals on menu.
I spend a lot of time at the Mandalay and the Burger Bar is one of my favorite spots. The food is pretty good - always order a specialty burger. My favorite thing about the burger bar though is that in the hustle that is Las Vegas the burger bar staff doesn't rush me out.
Came here with friends.  Large beer selection, plenty of options. . Made a custom burger with jalapeno bacon, pepper jack cheese, chipotle aoli. No burger is complete without SWEET POTATO FRIES!  Yum!!  =) . . Will definitely be back to try their shakes!
Had dinner at the burger bar before heading to a show. There wasn't any wait on a Saturdayat 7. Server did a great job greeting and taking out order.  . . Loved the wide selection and choose stellar on draft. Ordered a ceasar salad which was a good sized portion to share. Ordered the custom made burger- angus beef, jack pepper cheese, with jalapeno. The burger was cooked to a perfectly to medium. Favorable and juicy. The true test that the burger stayed together when you hold with you're hands while eating it. . . Totally recommend to eat here. . . Tota
I love a good burger. I heard a ton of hype surrounding Burger Bar, so I was stoked to check it out. . . Was it as good as the reviews and press made it out to be? Nah. But that doesn't mean it wasn't a good burger. . . First off. They don't take reservations. This place is PACKED, so call ahead and get on the waiting list, or be prepared to wait 30-60 minutes for dinner. For a Vegas restaurant, I was a bit surprised at how small it is. We called when we were heading over there though, and ended up only having to wait less than 10 minutes.. . I do love the fact that you can build your own burger and they have a lot of options. They have a few burger options on the menu too. I built my own burger with Black Angus beef, bleu cheese, caramelized onions, peppered bacon and chipotle aioli on a cibatta bun. It was a tasty burger. But it wasn't out of this world amazing. The prices are a bit high, but you do get a gigantic 1/2 pound burger. I couldn't even finish it. Fries are extra though, and were really not that impressive. . . I enjoyed the little tv's at each booth, and there was a great beer selection. I don't see this as a must in Vegas, but if you enjoy burgers, you'd enjoy the Burger Bar.
I always love a place that serves yummy burgers, and since Burger Bar had the expectation in their title, my boyfriend and I set to try it out. I'm a local and don't usually go to strip locations for the simple fact that everything is just more expensive. We didn't have to wait long, maybe about 10 minutes to get a seat and this was around the afternoon, right before dinner. We were seated at a table right at the entryway and it was kind of a bother, but we didn't want to wait for a booth. The burgers were pretty awesome, although I couldn't finish mine but lo and behold--my appetite came back when I saw that they had a yummy Nutella milkshake on the menu!! Way worth the trip!
Slightly hung over after hitting the strip on a crazy Saturday night? ...this is your spot, as it was mine.. . The location is conveniently inside Mandalay Bay. We were there around 11:30am and walked right in, but the night before there was about an hour wait for dinner time. We were seated at a booth table which feels very private because the booth walls go very high up. You also get your own TV at the table so you can enjoy the game.. . With my Bloody Mary already in hand, I was in heaven reading over this menu. We decided to keep it semi light and split their wedge salad with the Hubert Keller Burger substituted with Zucchini Fries. It was all delivered hot and quickly. Great flavors, burger actually cooked to proper temperature and waitress put up with our random little requests throughout our meal.. . Prices are a bit steep, but it's Vegas, would you expect any less?
Not bad at all. I've had better but for the price and size in Las Vegas, pretty great.. . Ordered:. . Veggie Burger, not bad. Generous size makes this a 4/5. Gluten free bun was perfect.  Could use more seasoning but it was late and they accidentally gave me free fries which were terribly addicting. You will probably overeat but it will be awesome. . . I take it you'll be tipsy / drunk coming here which will make it taste better. . Not sure how the meat options are. I'm rating this as if I were vegetarian.. . They have a vegan option which is a giant stack of grilled vegetables between portobello mushrooms that comes with fries for $12. I was told it was good.. . if you sit at the booth you get 3 channels, 2 of which are sports and the other is music trivia, I'm not sure why it exists but if you don't feel like looking at your friends you could just watch TV. They even had hockey on TV. Something I have never witnessed on the West Coast.
Burger Bar is a cool concept by Chef Hubert Keller.  Build your own burger.. . Choose from all kinds of meat: buffalo, lamb, angus, kobe.. . Choose your temperature and tons of toppings.. . The most massive burger is the Rossini.  It's $60!  It is Australian Kobe-style Wagyu beef, sauteed foie gras, and shaved truffles on an onion bun with some really rich black truffle sauce.  . . Don't order this burger.  Build your own exactly like it minus the black truffles.  The price goes down to $30.  And you can't really taste the black truffles all that much anyway, especially when the sauce is potent enough of truffle and you don't want to drown out the umami of the foie anyway.. . Skinny fries are the best.  I usually order them with a sampler of sauces.  They have about 10 different gourmet sauces like spicy ketchup and truffle mayo, etc.... . Best burger I have ever had...and the most expensive.  . . Give it a try ;)
Burger Bar is always a treat.  Long Lines, and a small bar can be frustrating, but ALWAYS worth the wait.  All their ingredients are top quality, including meats.  What's surprising is how Amaze-balls their Veggie burgers are.  I'm not a Vegetarian, but this is my go-to there.
This is the first place I tried zucchini fries and this will forever be the pace to get them! The burger I had was good and the service was a little on the delayed side but if I am ever in the area, i'll stop by and have a coke and fries.
A little pricy for burgers but good nonetheless.
I absolutely think this is one of the best burgers I've ever had!. I tried the $60 Rossini burger and worth it the wagyu beef and the foie gras combo was exquisite with truffle shavings
It's a bit of a pain to find - first off, The Mandalay is set back from thestrip, so you have to take a (free) tram to get there.  Once you do, walk through the casino hugging the right til you get to the shops (up the stairs).  Then walk most of the way through the shops towards the Luxor, and it'll be a small, unassuming restaurant front on your left.  . . It's a chill atmosphere, with whatever music playing the staff feels like listening to (my night it was 90s satellite radio), and personal TVs in the booths.  Nothing pretentious whatsoever.. . Grabbed a solo seat at the bar, and was promptly greeted and set up/given water by multiple servers.  Patrick was super duper friendly and made my night very enjoyable.   He and another guy behind the bar seem to call everyone "baby," which I found rather cute and enjoyable (although I'm taken), but I had the thought that a different woman dining solo as I was might have found it unnerving.  . . Whatever, I had a great time chatting and hanging out with Patrick throughout the night, and he was an attentive and informative server.  He seemed to really enjoy his job and is great at it.  Service can often make or break a meal, and it definitely made mine.. . I ordered the Hubert Keller burger, with a few changes.  I got the Kobe instead of the Buffalo, and an onion bun instead of the Ciabatta.  I also ordered the zucchini fries, with a couple sides of sauce (truffle aioli and pesto).. . The burger was very good.  Piled high with the toppings, and the shallot and red wine sauce was sooooo goood.  My only complaint was that the bottom bun was soggy as soon as I got my plate.  Not cool.  All in all not the best burger I've ever had, but a great one and it hit the spot.  . . The zucchini fries were AWESOME.  I've rarely had fried veggies that are juicy and taste fresh while maintaining a thick coat of batter.  Also, the serving portion is ample.  The sauces were great.. . Sadly they don't make their own ice cream, which was more noticeable when I decided on a sundae instead of a milkshake.  I got coffee ice cream with nutella, caramel, and graham cracker (I was feeling a big pig-ish).  It came in a banana split style dish - very long and narrow - with two huge scoops of ice cream, shmears of nutella on either side and a couple of graham cracker pieces on either side as well.  The caramel was sadly missing, but it was brought over as soon as he realized.  It was difficult to eat - there was too much ice cream for the dish, the nutella wasn't incorporated and is hard to do so yourself when it gets cold, and the graham crackers were whole which meant I had to break them up myself and there was no space to put them really without them fall off the ice cream on to  the table.. . So - bottom line - this place is good if you're in the mood for a very good burger, and some inventive fries/sauce choices.  For dessert, maybe stick with the milkshakes over a sundae.
