I recently had a conference at this place.  It was good place for a conference in Vegas in that it kept you off the strip -- aye, the temptation that would mess with your work, and there was plenty to do at the resort. Some parts looked a little tired (carpet) and the food, overall, was a notch above mediocre. . . The (blackjack) tables sucked!!! I lost all my money. 10/12 of my friends lost money as well. What are the odds? Methinks the cards are stacked against us. Try another casino for better results. . . On the premise there was a Yardhouse, sushi, Fatburger, and about 8 other restaurants. Also, a bowling alley (damn it, forgot my bowling ball). Overall, I would be cool if I went back for work, but if it was for pleasure, stay on the strip.. . Customer service was excellent.
I thought this casino was a nice change if you want to get away from the strip. It was roughly 25 minutes away from the main strip by shuttle that you can catch near the Encore.. . The gaming was pretty much the same as the main casinos but a few games were cheaper.  The food selections were numerous and the hotel seemed to be geared for a more family friendly atmosphere. I only visited the casino for a few hours but they had a Regal 16, a bowling alley, kids arcade and various food choices for both kids and adults. I wouldn't mind coming back here and spending a little more time to see all of the features this hotel offers. The hotel was clean and the people that worked there were friendly. Check it out if you have a few extra hours or if you want a cheaper alternative to the main casinos.
Sightseeing and ran into this place, very nice setting/location abet not close to the Strip.  Liked the openness of casino layout.  Forgot to peek into the bowling alley.
I had a gift card given to me by my inlaws so I was off to the spa. Its nice that they offer the locals discount 7 days a week. I went for an espresso scrub since my skin could use a proper shedding this winter.. I had a wonderful lady named Ginger do my scrub and it was soooo nice. You get all scrubbed front and back then rinse in the rain shower and then she rubs you with some creamy & rich lotion.. It was exactly what my skin needed. I left feeling refreshed and my skin was glowing.
I went to the Red Rock for a business event and it was quite enjoyable. The meeting rooms were suitable and staff was helpful.  I liked my room--great canyon view, very comfortable bed, luxurious bathroom (loved the flat panel TV above the bathtub!).  The wireless Internet connected quickly and didn't drop me (important for business).  . . I did not get to partake of the amenities but some of my colleagues said the gym was terrific.  I think the fact that there was a bowling alley in the resort is cool and wish I had been able to visit it.  Ditto with the pool. We did get to sit outside on the patio for one of our work sessions and it was so beautiful!. . My only complaint is that there was no "convenience" type of store where I could buy batteries for my travel alarm clock or a book to read.  When a resort is so far off the strip, there really needs to be a drug-store type of option inside the resort.
Red Rock is my favorite of all the Station casinos. I love the modern decor, the bowling alley, and the beautiful pool area. The rooms are plush and modern, but I'm always disappointed by how sky-high their rates are ! We've stayed here a couple times and it's been a great stay-cation for us. Green Valley Ranch is our neighborhood casino and has an edge in the shopping department (The District rocks!), but as far as rooms, restaurants, and ammenities go, Red Rock is better.
Despite the fact that its way off the strip in the far west side of Las Vegas. It has to be one of the nicest Station Casino, ever built. We decided to come here to check out the resort, since my wife works for Station Casinos, she got a good deal. . . Located right off 215 and Charleston, stands Red Rock Casino Resort and Spa. The place was very nice and warming, it was easy to get in and get out. I did like the setting, and the way its mapped out. I also like their chandelier which is right next to the check in desk. I don't have to many bad things to say about this place. . . It did take us a while to figure out where the elevators were, for the rooms. But finally making it to the room, it was a nice room. Not as big, but a decent size for a short stay, or a place to lay your head and get away from the strip. We got the strip view, where we were able to see the strip from our room. It was kind of a small scenery, but it was nice to see Vegas from afar. The room itself, its laid out okay, it had most amenities that hotel rooms should have. I did like their bathroom which was nice and they had a big tub. Overall, its a decent size room. . . We basically stayed for the night, enjoyed the view of the night lights of the strip, as well as enjoyed eating there. I did like Grand Cafe, but again, its a 24 hour diner, i didn't expect much from it. But, it is i a nice setting, and very roomy. We also had LBS Burger Joint, which was okay, wasn't really satisfied about it, but it was okay. We also got Room Service, and that wasn't bad either, but a bit on the pricey side. . . The swimming pool, was very nice. It has a main pool in the center and smaller ones around it. So you don't have to be crowded in one big pool. Very well thought out, when they made the swimming pool area. We did go early morning, when it opened, but it looks like it could be convenient for everyone. . . Over all, this place is well recommended. Either for long or short stay, I would say that you'll really enjoy it. Very nice place, very well mapped out.
This is my favorite of the Station Casinoes even though GVR is very close. But it has a great look and feel everywhere and worth checking out.. The M is still my favorite "Locals" casino but if you are in Summerlin check it out.. I also like the sportsbook here even though it is very similar to Aliante. So, I will use Red Rock to speak for GVR and Aliante. But it is well put together with comfy seats and big screens with good audio. I also like being able to have a members card for sports betting too which is rarefor some reason for sports betting. My only complaint is that the screens are projection and have distortion spots in the middle of the picture. . . . Bathroon rating***4 star place to poo, nothing too fancy but clean***
My absolute favorite place to stay. This is the standard by which I judge other casinos. Their basic rooms include a huge bathtub with a television in front of it! The rooms are beautifully decorated and the beds are so comfortable. Room service is a bit steep, but fair. They even have a special card to hang on your door at night so they can deliver your breakfast! The room comes with a huge flat panel TV, a mini bar with fridge, a desk and a phone. You can plug your iPod into the radio as well.. . The property has an amazing pool, a spa, bowling alley, Kids Quest play area, arcade, movie theater, fast food court and several restaurants. You could definitely spend all weekend here without leaving the property.. . The casino is pretty nice. Not too smoky at all. The slots are great. Loose enough to keep you playing. On weekdays the cocktail waitresses can be few and far in between. They have a massive bowling alley and they had $3 drinks for happy hour! The bartenders were incredibly friendly.. . The restaurant staff is the reason for only four stars instead of five. We encountered rude staff everywhere except the Mexican place, Cabo. When we were gambling, my blood sugar got really low. We walked into Grand Cafe, their diner, and I tried to get something from their to-go pastry case. Four employees were at the register and not one of them would help me. The front desk staff was really nice. When I mentioned that my meal at LBS was so terrible that I had to order room service, the gentleman assisting me comped the room service. . . Join their players club and make sure to include an email address. They frequently send out discounted room rates.
nicest local casino on this side of town. it has it all! movie theater, spa, pool, kids quest, table games, great dinning, beautiful rooms, conference rooms, a lounge/club, bingo, poker room, etc. . . i come to this casino maybe once a week to get some good grubbin on. whether it's the buffet, hachi, lbs., yard house, or even just the food court it's all good. if i'm not eating then i'm checking out a new flick at the regal theater. after a meal, you can find me at the ultimate poker or crazy 4 table. . . one of the neatest things i recently found out about this casino/resort is they offer yoga and pilates classes to guest and the public. i have scheduled myself and three other friends to check out a yoga class this up coming monday. =) i'll let you know how it goes in my next review.
As previously stated, it's kind of far from the strip. Otherwise it's a really nice hotel. Movie theater, bowling alley, lots of pools/spas. Be careful of the mini bar items. Lol. The one on top with snacks and "other" items will auto charge you if they're out of their spot for more than 45 seconds.
This review is strictly for the hotel stay. My husband and I received a free night here the day before Valentines day. The room was nice and comfy... it was a shame I had to work the next day because I wouldn't mind lounging around for the day. The color pallet of this room had the rich colors of nature all the way down to the floor. The tub was done in a nice gray and white marble and so was the shower. The bed felt softer than a double pillow top mattress. They also had a nice flat screen TV facing the bed but I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
Next time I go to Vegas I am definitely staying here.  I came here just to visit some of my boyfriends, friends who had just gotten married. . . It was elegant, and had everything you could want. It was an amazing resort. We went to a 11pm movie and came out and ate Fat Burger in the same clothes we went to the wedding in. . . It was like a fantasy life.
If you want in for Happy Hour at the RR bar you better be in line by 4:40. Great place, excellent efficient service, presentation and food. Basic Top shelf liquor served to your order and appetizers all for just $5 ea during M-Th HH at the bar, no card required and no slots.  Beautiful outdoor patio and bar is sophisticatedly elegant casual decor. Please don't spoil it with shorts and flip flops although you should ck for dress code here. Most people were dressy casual and men in sport coats, suits.  Easy in and out on Charleston near the 215. Park to E end of casino unless your walking for exercise.  Our Thur lunch group of 12 did HH instead and everyone loved it and our beautiful waitress. P.S. we are primarily mature female group. I did not care for the taste of the exotic menu drinks,  but the Lemon Drop made for me was Yum.  Only complaints: the chicken pot pie tended to be soupy but was cooked/seasoned to perfection with a beautifully browned crust and do get the creme brulee. Recommend this place to everyone but this bar is not meant for kids!  Two mo after this they completely changed the menu, HH program and prices and not for the good.
We've been to la vegas twice and have stayed at the red rock twice on both sides of the recession.  Our first time out, it was still beinf built and they had a lot going on, being one of the newest resorts.  We liked the fact that it was away from the strip so the atmosphere was a little subdued and they had everything you could want there so we didn't venture too far.. Our last time out, everyone in america was tightening their belts and it was evident at the hotel as well.  No more nightly entertainment and the cherry cherry club had cut back their days ( sam has been known to get his dance on when the mood hits).  . The rooms werer the same, deep tubs and a flat screen tv's and comfy kingsized beds.  Free highspeed internet in the rooms and a minibar (not too steep).. We ate at the buffet and grand cafe most days and the food was good and the service was also good.  They've got a movie theater and bowling alley on the property if you want to do something besides gambling.  We hung out by the pool and enjoyed lunch and cocktails, a little pricey but when one is on vacation one must splurge.. All in all, red rock is worth a visit.
I rented a room here last year on my birthday and the hotel is really nice.... The decor was classy and the room was awsome with a 42" flat screen and mini flat screen in front of the tub in the bathroom.... Pool is awsome at this hotel as well, not to mention the fact you got a movie theater and bowling all in the same place.
I find it very hard to rate and review casinos, only because I never have a good experience at any casino when gambling. Well I do every once in a blue moon, but those bad days always level it out.. . Lets get to the point, well this place is off strip and usually casinos off the strip don't fare very well and ever live up to the hype compared to strip casinos. However, this casino/hotel is one of my favorite places off the strip, why you ask? well for one thing it was a great sportsbook. Pretty much a sports bettors dream to come to this place. Not only does this place have a great sportsbook, but they layout of this casino is awesome. They also have a nice bowling alley, a small club, a movie theater nice bingo hall, and if you had to bring your kids because you're on vacation and no baby sitters, they also have a place called kids quest. Kids quest is a little joint for the kids to be entertained and watched by their small little staff. I'd go on about the cool things they have at Kids Quest, but this review is simply for Red Rock. Did I forget to mention their ampitheatre they just recently put in? They have a few cool bands perform here. Although I have yet to check one out, I heard their prices are pretty cheap considering the fact that they have some cool performers here.. . All in all this place is probably my favorite place to lose money off the strip! Oh yea, one more thing the reason why they call this place Red Rock is because there really is a huge Red Rock that you will see when driving to this place, look towards the mountains.
This casino is a great option for locals who are avoiding the Strip. I even brought some out-of-towners here and they loved it. They liked that this casino isn't obnoxious like the Strip, and doesn't reek of cigarettes. The odds are WAYYYY better here than the Strip and it has great options for entertaining younger kids. I've never stayed here, but the casino, and movie theater are great assets to the neighborhood. Also, the restaurant options are pretty good. I've tried Cabo (see review), and tried lbs. patty wagon. Overall, a great option when avoiding the Strip.
Overall, it was a good experience.  The rooms are quite nice (spacious and clean), although nothing spectacular.   My biggest (and only) complaint has to do with the shuttle service, which is included as part of the 'resort amenity fee'.  We decided to stay at the Red Rock because of its location (close to family), and were relying on the shuttle service to pick us up from the airport, as advertised on the website.   What the website doesn't tell you when you're booking the room (the information is available on a different page), is that the shuttle service from the airport stops at 9p.   Furthermore, the  concierge desk didn't seem to know this either, as one person said 9p and another person said 930p.  Nevertheless, our flight landed at 845p.  Because of the mix up, I called the bell desk and asked them to have the shuttle wait a few minutes (we didn't check a bag, so would make it by 905p at the latest) and they said the shuttle leaves right on time, no exceptions.  No apologies...  Well, needless to say, I wasn't happy after having to take a $60 taxi.  When I told the front desk, they were minimally apologetic.  Overall, as I said above, it's a nice hotel and worth a look if you want to stay off the strip for whatever reason.
I've only been here 3 times, but lthe night of the Gavin Degraw concert (love him! hehe ;) ) was my first time at the pool area. . . It was freakin' gorgeous and not crowded w/ drunktards! (excuse my language, but you know that's true with pools on The Strip) I'm a local and I appreciate that it looked like a pool resort at the strip without being on The Strip, AND.... w/ out obnoxiously drunk tourist. There's one huge round pool, a couple smaller ones and jacuzzis near the concert stage area, a bar called the Sandbar with gambling tables. No long lines or long wait to get in to the bathrooms. . . There's a huge grass/lawn whatever you wanna call it in front of the concert stage. which is nice. they have lounge chairs around the main pool, and they're pretty nice too and not like the regular white ones you see at every pool. It gives an 'island' relaxing feel to the pool area. Some are in the water so u can dip ur feet in. Fun fun. Perfect for Vegas summers. . . Anyways, this was my first time at one of the summer Revolution concerts at Red Rock. It rocked!!! (hehe small lame joke). . As for the rest of the casino, it's new (a few yrs old) so it's gorgeous. I've been to the buffet (it's decent), it's not crowded but  the last time I was there was 2-3 yrs ago. I'm out of "the clubbing phase." I've been to Cherry and the other lounge, I forgot what it's called, they're okay seems a better fit for the older crowd since I went with my aunties and uncles. Lol I know right?! Wth? But they like to get down too. Hehe.. .  I'd say the best part of this resort is the pool. I should have took more pics of the pool so I could post it up but I was too busy enjoying myself at the free Gavin Degraw concert! . . If it wasn't for Gavin Degraw being here, I would never be at this resort. I doubt he'll see this but I LOVE you Gavin! :). . I'm looking forward to the rest of the concerts lined up for the summer at this pool. . . The one con for me again is the distance, coming from east Henderson. but I'm the type that wouldn't mind traveling far for great quality and a funtastic experience!. . Oh btw, thought I'd add this since it was hilarious, we saw and an older dude (white hair) wearing a shirt in bold lettering, 'MILF HUNTER'. I couldn't get a pic cuz he was rocking out just like the rest of us. Another great sober moment of the night. Only in Vegas!
@redrockcasino is definitely my favorite casino outside of the strip.. . Big and spacious. Classy and fabolous. Simple but beautiful are phrases that come to mine when I think of this casino. It lives up to it's name red rock because they have beautiful rock/stone architecture inside. Because it is simply decorated, it may not get all the raves and oohs and ahhs but it is beautiful in it's own way. I just like how big it is and how clean it is. Clean casinos are always nice!. . They have plenty of restaurants here, a great buffet, a bowling alley and pretty huge movie theatre and a nightclub called Cherry.  (random note: Model Cindy Crawford's husband Rande Gerber owns Cherry).. . Red Rock is a resort for everyone. I just like walking around Red Rock because there seems to be something to do in every corner. Good food and enterntainment in a big, clean and simple casino - this place is a winner in my book.
I must say. I like Red Rock. Not just because it's less than 5 minutes from where I live, & cause I don't stay in different hotels often, but it's nice.. . I'm not going to really dig deep because I don't really know how to critique a hotel that much. I do have some highlights you'd want to hit up.. . 1. The lobby: Huge chandelier. Really pretty & a must see at least once. . . 2. The buffet: The desserts are the bomb shizzle. From pies to gelato. Man, can't pass it up... oh, they have kim chi! ^_^. . 3. The pool: Really pretty setting. Caution: Not for athletes. Only for relaxation.. . 4. The spa: Not so exciting. I'm pretty sure it's for those "if you're trying to get away".. or something. It's actually kinda warm in there.. . 5. Food court: Delish! Burgers, chinese, mexican, starbucks, & ice cream spots. Hands down, wallets up, good.. . 6. The movie theatre: It's poppin on weekends, full of adolescents, beware.. . 7. Bowling Lanes: It's poppin' there too. Very close to the food court & movies. They used to have dollar games on Mondays.. I wonder if it's still going on.. . . 8. Not much of a highlight, but park on the 3rd floor of the parking garage closest to the freeway. There's elevator access that leads straight to the Bowling lanes, movies, and food court! hehe. ^_^
Nice layout of the casino. Lots of slot machines that aren't in other casinos. Like Yahtzee. The bathrooms are clean as well. Lots of delicious eaterys. The convention rooms are expansive and the halls have comfortable seating thru out.
This year's Hip Hop International was held at Red Rock Casino! While I didn't stay here, the weeklong event was held here so we had to be here every day and for most of the day. . . As I didn't stay in the hotel rooms, this is solely critiquing their EVENT spaces. . . I actually really enjoyed Red Rock as a whole - great atmosphere and overall it's a really nice hotel. Great finishes and the staff seems really nice and helpful. It's not as flashy as some of the hotels on the strip but it definitely still feels classy.. . The event had TONS of people there and there was space for everyone. They had a section of the hotel space (the convention area) all saved and the big hallways helped make the traffic feel less stuffy. The rooms were a great size and their stage setup in the ballroom was great! Definitely felt like a show. The practice area in the pavilion was awesome since there was a huge dance floor for practicing. . . The only drawback for me was that it was far from the strip. A lot of the dancers wanted to be close to the strip so they could go out at night so we had to drive daily to Red Rock and it was sort of a pain. But if you want to be in Vegas and not be close to the strip, this place is great!
I've never stayed in the rooms.  But if you're a local, and want a casino atmosphere with all of the trimings, (that doesnt gouge you) this is the spot.
Prior visits to Las Vegas always involved the strip.  This time around I ventured outside of the norm and found this place!. . A great local spot with fewer crowds and friendlier people.  Great Las Vegas feel without the excessive crowds and too high prices.
Red Rock ended up giving us a room, $200 towards dinner at the steak house, and 2 massages.  We got to use the VIP check-in area too.   They still charged the resort fee though which is kinda strange since everything else was comped.
Ding ding ding!!! . . Ahhh Red Rock! Since I'm not a regular on the strip and dont need glitz and glam this place does just fine for me! I love how its open and the light cover thingys are pretty rad! . . What I like most about this casino is that it has a Regal Cinemas theater! It also has a Kid Quest when I wanna just leave my nugget and gamble for an hour (although I havent!) I plan on trying it out!. . They have a lot of fast food eateries, Panda Express, Rubios, and all that plus they have Yard House and other nicer restaurants which I havent checked out!. . All in all I like this casino because its not filled with annoying tourists! I also like it because they have some pretty awesome shows coming up! Pitbull, Blink 182, and all the ones in the summer!! AWESOME!!. . Go here if you dont need the hustle and bustle of the strip!
this is a cool place that you can come and hang out. there is a small arcade not that great but they have a very nice bowling area and movie theater.
One of the better local casinos around, but that still doesn't mean it's great! The nightlife there is a HIT or TOTAL MISS. It definately doesn't have the appeal that it use to have during its first few years. With that being said, it's still a great place to hang out at once in awhile. With new bars like Yard House and the ever popular Center Bar...you'll always have a decent vibe to surround yourself around.. . The movie theater is also great and mostly only show up for this fact on most days as Im not much of a gambler. . . I'm looking forward to a new nightclub to open here shortly as I think it will really revive the whole nightlife scene that Red Rock use to have.. . Again, great for a few hour hangout spot, but nothing past that.....
This place was not as good as it could be, but there's great potential there.  It's like they're trying to be a luxury resort, but not paying attention to the little details that are necessary for that.. . Pros:. - Great daycare center with reasonable prices.  Movie theater and food court are also great.. - Great casino.  $5 craps tables! :). - Loved the buffet.  Heck, all the restaurants there were good.. - Friendly Staff.. - Ample parking.. - Comfortable, nicely decorated rooms with good noise isolation.. . Cons:. - Lack of attention to detail.  Our room had only martini(!) glasses for use in the bathroom, a shower drain that would not drain, several burned out lightbulbs, and a room safe that was locked when we arrived.  The staff responded promptly to fix these issues, but these are things that should have been taken care of before we arrived.. - They display maps of the casino on large LCD displays.  The video feed into these is a joke, it's blurry and you can't read anything, rendering the map useless.  Really, really shoddy.  All they need is a decent native-resolution feed and it'd work great, instead it looked very sub-par and they'd be better off turning them off altogether.. - Food at the convention I attended was OK, I've had better.. - Every day of our stay we'd receive an automated message promoting their spa services.  I don't like telemarketers, especially automated ones, when I'm at home, and I sure as heck don't want to be bothered by these when I'm on vacation!. . I'd consider going there again...this place has a lot of potential, if they'd just put a little more effort into the little details it'd be an awesome place.
The Good:  It's a locals casino, isthis good or bad?  Every dealer has a button that reads "We heart our locals", but what if you are not a local like me?  The don't really care I guess.  For a place this far off the strip it's really nice.  They had a tv show that I use to watch so I had to visit.  The pool area is pretty amazing and I could just imagine what it would look like when they have a music concert here.. . The Bad:  It actually looks bigger than it is.  They only really have a small circle area for tables, think Hard Rock.  Only a few tables opened during the day.. . The Ben:  Pretty chill casino.  I sat next to a local that owned a few Tropical Smoothies.  He said we could get lunch on him at the one in the food court but never cashed that in.  Hey you still owe me lunch?
What a clean and family friendly casino! There are great food choices, bowling lanes and theater inside of this place too. You can't go wrong coming here to get away from the strip and the crowd. This is definitely a locals spot. Added bonus is $1 beers and $1 hot dogs.
Love the movie theater here!! But not when the kids go to the same movie =/
Stayed here overnight recently and was really pleased with the customer service.. The feel is different to this place from the moment you walk in the front door (all red glass....really cool).  Not crowded, and the staff is well trained on customer service.. Stayed in a suite and was surprised that there is no coffee service or even a water glass in the room (sometimes I just don't feel like a $6 bottle of water).. Casino is well done.  I am a non smoker and very sensitive to it, but was never bothered as I played.  Dealers and attendants are happy and well trained.. Definitely worth a stop if you have the chance.
This last visit to Vegas I decided to stay off the Strip.  I really enjoyed Red Rock.  Justenough going on here so I wasn't bored but not crazy over the top busy and noisy like the mega casinos on the Strip.. . The room was large and modern.  Really nice bathroom and toiletries. I like the Rocks Lounge when Zowie Bowie was playing.  It took me back to the days at Barcelona in Scottsdale.. . Nice valet and self parking options.  Starbucks on the casino level for a quick start in the morning.
I like the modern design of this hotel.  Rooms are a good size. Large bath too with a separate shower area and TV by the bathtub. I like that its not on the strip (less crowded).  Staff is friendly and helpful. Its close to major retailers like Costco, Best Buy, Albertsons...and fast food chains like KFC.  We like the in-hotel day care (Kids Quest) where you can leave your kids to have fun in there while you and your hubby watch a movie a few feet away.  The slot machines are in no way loose. Although the pool was closed this time of year, I would def. go back there again when it opens.
We stayed here over Christmas weekend and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the rooms.  They were fairly luxurious, with a very comfortable bed and a large bathroom with soaking tub.  Decor was pleasant and not over-the-top.  Our room also had a nice mountain view.  All for $65/night (excluding the $28/day resort fee).  By way of comparison to other LV hotels, I would say that the rooms are definitely nicer than the rooms at the Bellagio, but not nearly as nice as the rooms at The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay (all suite tower).. . Note that this hotel is located in Summerlin, approx. 30-40 minutes off of the Strip.  It was great for us as we were visiting family living in the area but would not be good if you intend to spend a lot of time on the Strip.  Also note that the casino at this hotel caters to locals, which makes it a pretty pathetic place to walk through late at night.
The great thing abotu Red Rock is that it's far enoguh from The Strip to be free of crowds and touristy nonsense. I don't gamble or anything like that, but I do frequent the movies here and, on occasion, the bowling alley. You can usually count on no crowds here. We walked up to Harry Potter 7.0 on opening night and got great seats for four.
Ate at the buffet for lunch. It was really good, with tons of options for my veggie self! I was able to try everything from the sushi, the Chinese, Mexican, to the desserts. there were so many options to choose from! I really liked the tortilla soup, and the chow mein was good too.  The bread pudding was out of control! Will definitely go back with family and friends.
I had a really nice room. Very VERY spacious! I mean you have a very contemporary and clean room. They offer complementary shoe shine, flat screens in the bathroom and the room, and they have a great view of the west side of the valley. I can't lie, the beds were so soft that I slept really good. I mean...I would've slept through a big earthquake f it happened! We also gambled a bit downstairs and the cocktail ladies were so nice! They accidentally forgot the grenadine my sister ordered in her corona, and the lady could've just forgotten about it and walked away, but she offered to go out of her way to grab some grenadine, and bring t back. That was nice of her to do. Red Rock isn't huge, but it is a local hotel casino, but even I think that this place can potentially be a good family hotel if it didn't a casino.
This casino has a great atmosphere, amazing places to eat, and a very clean movie theater. It doesn't get much better than that. I think that it's great that it's off of the strip and that it's more a place for locals than tourists.
Booked connecting rooms overlooking the pool. One of the rooms was free with a voucher, and the other room was booked through Expedia for less than $100/night.. . For the price, the hotel was quite lovely. . . Pros:. ~Large food court with affordable menu items (what, in Vegas? Yup!). ~Bowling center. ~Movie theater. ~Room decor and size were awesome. ~Buffet was great for the price (we had a voucher for a free buffet...score!). ~$2 pancakes after midnight? Yes!. . Cons:. ~They wouldn't let us hook up our xbox to their TV. What else am I going to do in the middle of the night, once I've lost all my money to the slot machines?. ~No ice machine? No soda machine nearby? No instructions on where to get ice? Got ice? I had to walk all the way to the food court, in my jammies, for a drink
We visit Red Rock frequently for the various food choices, and they are all good.  The casino seems smoke free, and impresses all the visitors we introduce to it.  It is a beautiful and luxurious large casino and resort OFF the strip on the far west side of LV.  We recommend it as a elegant alternative to the strip for those wanting that change.  . It includes one of the best buffets in town anytime, Yard House ale house, Mexican, Italian, Steak house and more.  You can't go wrong.
This has become our casino of choice for several reasons. 1) We live less than a mile away, 2) Their buffet is 4.99 for breakfast, 7.99 for lunch and 13.99 for dinner and it is better quality than most although sometimes the selection is lacking, 3) We love Yardhouse and LB's and the movies, and bowling alley (although South Point is cheaper).  Kid's quest is great and not too expensive (8.50 an hour).  They have a great casino rewards card for locals.  Used to get freeplay weekly but they recently switched to more points, less freeplay which is disappointing for me but others seem excited.  They are always giving discounted rooms, free items and the occassional mixer (girls night out, football watching, etc.).  The rewards club levels out once you break into level 2 and reaching level 3 is difficult with little additional reward.  You do get a 2-1 buffet every month.  The circular layout makes it easy to get through the Casino to your destination and the entrances near the bowling alley and movie theater minimizes the kids' exposure to the casino when you just want to see a flick.  The sports book is the best of the off strip casinos.  The pool is the bomb.com and a great place to see concerts during the summer.
I will review this place while the experience is fresh in my mind.  I got a great deal through Groupon and I have to say that we enjoyed our stay at this hotel.  With this being said, here are the pluses;. . *****very nice rooms with, oh so comfortable beds and pillows!  . . *****Friendly, helpful and courteous staff!. . *****Large pool area. . *****Nice size casino. . *****Beautiful hotel all around. . *****lots of dining options. . *****convenient access to all areas of the hotel (given the fact that most Vegas hotels are like mazes to navigate). . *****As a guest of the hotel you can use the spa facilities free of charge after having paid the "resort fee".. . *****KID FRIENDLY!  This is a big one.  There are so many things for kids to do here.  There's the bowling alley, arcade, movies, the pool and Kids Quest.  Kids Quest is the child care facility.  At first, my husband and I were skeptical about leaving our two boys there, but went to see what it was about, and left them for a little while (about 30 minutes).  All I have to say is that our sons kept trying to get rid of US, after that time so that they could go back!  I would include to this highlight the fact that the hotel is off the strip, which is great if you're not into the large crowds or if you're traveling with children.. . There are some drawbacks (that could be minor depending upon your views) that I believe people need to know of;. . ****Pool is NOT HEATED!  it wasn't that big of a deal for us, because we live in LA, so we were there for three days during Spring Break in April, which can be a bit on the cold side.  But, I would love to know this if I were spending thousands of dollars traveling from across the country only to find that I cannot enjoy the pool.  While we were there, it was unfortunate to see that the large and beautiful pool was largely unused because it was ICE COLD!  so, the children were mostly in the hot tubs.  Hence, the adults could not enjoy them. (tip--You can always drop kids off at Kids Quest for a bit, and make your way to the lovely spa to enjoy the generously sized hot tub there). . *****Daily resort fee (but most of the resorts in Vegas are doing this as well, so...).  . . *****Buffet line can get pretty long.  . . Overall, I know we will be back to this resort.  Especially when traveling with our boys.  I highly recommend it.
I love this hotel.  It's off the beaten path (not on the strip).  Very nice hotel, good restaurants, a bowling alley, great pool, close to shopping, spa - no need for the strip.  We stay here whenever we can, the staff is helpful, the rooms are spacious, free internet (thanks to the RESORT fee) and the rates are fantastic.  . . Highly recommended.
Maybe my favorite "locals" casino. Also the closest one to my house so maybe those two things are correlated. In any case, I end up here 3 or 4 times a week for various reasons. I've actually never stayed here but I've sampled most of the eateries, caught a movie, watched sporting events & wagered in the race and sports book, played in the poker room, enjoyed a day at the pool and caught a few concerts. It's my favorite place in town for video poker and the cocktail waitresses are generally pretty good. . . It's my go-to resort when I have guest in town. My chairman status serves as a line pass at the buffet and the grand cafe. My guests enjoy the VIP treatment we receive and I can pay for everything with my points. Red Rock offers great comps with lots of bonus point days, giveaways and freebies. The comps may not be as good as what they offer at the M Resort but it's better for me personally. Red Rockis much closer for me and I can use my points at all of Stations other properties. Win or lose I enjoy the atmosphere here. In the non-smoking section of course.
My girlfriends and I had an amazing getaway weekend at the Red Rock Resort.  The room  was gorgeous (ask for a view of the foothills!) and we all adored the spa.  Do yourself a favor and get the exfoliating massage. It was one of the best massages of my life.  The casino was nice and not smoky, and the restaurants were great.  We loved having lunch at LBS and getting the spicy potato nachos featured on the Food Network show, Heat Seekers.  . . The only bummer was that the resort is a $50 cab ride from the strip.  We saved a few bucks by taking the free shuttle on our way out on Saturday night, but the cab ride back late that night cost a pretty penny.  . . Otherwise, we loved the relative quiet and beautiful view being away from the strip. We'll be back!
My husband and I stayed at Red Rock on 4/18 and 4/19 (a Wed and a Thurs). I know our experience was probably quite different than people that stayed here on weekends- no kids and no crowding- we loved it! The rooms are really nice- quite fancy if you compare them to the average room on the strip. We took everyone's advice and asked for a room near the elevator and got one with a canyon view (also recommended). The casino was nice- medium sized and it didn't reek of cigarette smoke like some of the casinos on the strip. The best part about this place was all of the amenities that are available on site. They have a ton or restaurants, a movie theater and a bowling alley. The Yardhouse that is attached has a late night happy hour- cheap eats and drinks! They are also directly across the street from a nice grocery store and shopping area. We drove to the strip a few times from the hotel- about a 20 minute drive- but if we had not already booked shows, we would have stayed on site. Enjoy the pool on weekdays!!! There were zero children in the hotel the entire time we were there- and no one in the hot tub at all! . . We used a groupon so we got two nights, 2 breakfast buffets, and a $50 credit to the Sand Bar restaurant for $169 (plus daily resort fee and tax which equals $27+$10 per day). With the resort fee you get use of the spa, free in room internet and use of the pool, etc. The breakfast buffet was TERRIBLE!! That is why 4 stars instead of 5. The food was actually gross- and I ended up eating a bagel so I wasn't hungry. My hubby and I decided to forgo our second free buffet and head to the deluxe cafe the next day (delicious!!). The SandBar was also good- but DON'T order drinks there!!! They are super overpriced at $13 per drink! Overall- we enjoyed our stay and I can't wait until they go on groupon again so we can afford to go again!
Having never been to Las Vegas, or the desert for that matter, I convinced the group I was with to head out to the Red Rock conservation area for a few hours so we could take in the nature and beauty of the area and since we were in the area anyways, we decided to stop and check out Red Rock Casino, an off strip casino located nearby. . . The first thing I noticed is how different the atmosphere was here compared to the casinos on the strip. First, the place was extremely clean and the smell of smoke was almost completely unnoticeable. Secondly, everyone seemed to be a lot more laid back about gambling and I could easily see how this could be a locals hangout. Lastly, this casino definitely seemed to have a lot of extra amenities built in, such as a theater and a large bowling alley, which unfortunately was hosting a tournament during our visit so we were unable to check it out. . . Although we did not actually do any gambling here, I would have no objection to spending some more time here in the future if I ever find myself in Las Vegas again and I would highly recommend Red Rock Casino to anyone who is looking for some Vegas fun but is not interested in the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip.
Very happily surprised by the quality of this casino as I booked this through an accidental bid on Priceline.. . However minus one star for the long commute (25 min) from the strip yet charging a $28 resort fee. . . The clientele at Red Rock tended to be either elderly or families with young kids. Not a lot of 18-35 year olds - guess they're all on the Strip! Rooms were clean and tastefully decorated, very spacious with 2 queen beds, 2 LCD TVs (one's in thebathroom), and a marble bathroom with both a standing shower and a tub. . . The casino area was also much larger than expected - I would say maybe at least twice as large as the M Resort's? This seemed like a good choice if you wanted to get away from the hustle & bustle of the Strip yet be able to gamble and enjoy your quiet time at night. Case in point: I went gambling at MGM and left while it was still pretty crowded at 4 am. When I walked back to my room through Red Rock's casino area, there were max 5 people still at the slots and all the table games were empty and deserted.
Its a very nice decorated hotel.  needs more cocktail waitresses and cheaper beer but still a nice visit.
The hotel is beautiful and very trendy. I booked the room through a Groupon special of $175 for two nights. I can't stop raving about how clean and nice the hotel was. The rooms are huge and so are the restrooms.. . Pros:. Big. Clean. Newer than other hotels on the strip. Super soft and confy beds. Free shuttle to the airport and/or the strip. Free buffet breakfast. Significant discounts with your buffets i.e. $7.99 for lunch and $13.99 for dinner.. . Cons:. $28 resort fee per day not included in the price of the room. Pricey Drinks i.e. $16 for two sodas at SandBar in the pool area, $26 for a beer and a strawberry margarita.. Slow maintenance of the rooms. . The super stocked fridge and bar is tempting for kids and teenagers. My son remove two sodas ($9.98) and he decided to be a clown and move the Patron bottle from it's place for more than 45 seconds.... a $48 joke.. . Overall, I would definitely come back and stay here. I would just bring my own drinks or save my drinking money for the strip. I would also ask the front desk to remove the beverages, cookies and munchies from the bar.
Absolutely beautiful hotel. Had a daily deal and ended up spending IN TOTAL (with resort fees) about $95 per night for a Friday and Saturday night. . . The rooms are easily classified as a 4 star room. The most comfortable bed, a stunning view of the pool, awesome bathroom with a tv in the bathtub and a free standing shower. . . Overall, the room is incredible.. . We did not use the shuttle service and drove ourselves to the strip, it was less than 15 minutes away. . . Only problem was the service at the bar at the pool. We had a voucher for the pool bar and the bartender charged us incorrectly. I only noticed because I kept a mental note of the price in my head (because she did not give a receipt). Later I checked the room charge and it was wrong. She had charged us for a beer we never had. When we were telling the front desk about it, we overheard another guy complaining about the same thing.... not good!. . The casino was good, slots seemed pretty loose. Some food was open 24 hours which is good. I really had a great time!
Totally a different casino outside of the strip!  It's a beautiful place & modern.. . I was here for a short time with family members...we just had to leave as it was getting too crowded with seniors (Beach Boys concert that day) and we need to go somewhere else.. . The penny slots were fun... :)  Will come back again here when not busy.
We stopped here on our way back to the city from Red Rock Canyon. We had been told it was a very cool new casino. As soon as you walk in the first thing you notice is the balloons everywhere that say "We love locals". Its very cool to see a casino in Vegas catering to its locals! We walked around, nice size casino, can't comment on anything resort/spa/room related, we stopped just to look and eat. They've got several restaurants. We ate at this italian one that had amazing prices, amazing service, and fabulous food! . . This place has movie theatres and a concert space too. But I don't think we would drive out here unless it was coming to or from Red Rock Canyon or some other place on the outskirts. Theres just too much to see and do right on the strip. However this is a nice break, it doesn't feel as touristy as the other casinos and its very new. Lovely.
This review is for the casino and restaurants only. . First off all the staff I met- dealers and bosses were very friendly and helpful. I didn't win large amounts either-- so that does not tint my review.  I have/did spend time on the strip and no other casino was this inviting to play at.  Tried several restaurants and food + service was awesome each time.   Skip the strip and play where your money counts ... straight to Red Rock and don't stop!  The casino was clean and fun to play at-- though the slots were not all that loose.  Lots of double deck BJ though!
Truly a luxurious resort.
locked in a reservations here to do something different in vegas. if you decide to be a little different and stay away from the main attractions this is a great place. rent a car and drive out here maybe 20 mins and relax. resort is beautiful and views are nice either side. I do recommend to ask the front desk if you can ask for room closer to the elevator. there is one elevator column and it's located on one side of the building while the elevator to the pool and spa is in the middle. if u have the urge for a nice hike the red rock conservation is right there and if u want to head back into strip ur not too far too.... . . only fail was the slow service at the pool during the holidays. I just got up and served my self the food and drinks. although the staff was the typical tiny blonde girls in bikini which was not bad to look at. . . thanks for the trip babe and i hope we can go again,
Great buffet! An oxymoron yes. Great food even better price.
If you want to stay off the strip and want to relax stay here....I loved my stay here, very relaxing beds, rooms are trendy, and yes it has a soaker tub to relax with a TV to watch.. I stayed for a seminar, but liked after 8 hours of work I could go to my room and relax.  I will stay here again if work requires it, it was a great place off the strip to enjoy all on its own.
I was impressed from start to finish!  When I asked an employee where the players club was, she asked me how she could help me.  I explained I needed a copy of my players card.  She told me she would be delighted to help me.  After playing I dined in the Grand Cafe for a late breakfast.  The bus person was one of the most friendly people I have ever met.  I am sorry I didn't get his name...middle age, husky latino gentleman.  He was so genuine that I hadto tip him a few bucks...just because!  Our server was nice and the food was good.  It took a bit of time but worth it.  Later at bingo, Kathy, my favorite cocktail waitress was there!(I remember her from Sunset where I used to play)  She capped off a GREAT experience and fun day at Red Rock!  I look forward to returning for another good day.
We had an offer of 2 free nights at Red Rock; we also got $80.00 rates for the 3rd night.. Per the name Red Rock Casino is about 10 to 15 minute drive to Red Rock Canyon; its about a 20 minute drive to the strip if you take the freeways/expressways and not the surface streets.. . Restaurants on site are good and reasonably priced.  The buffet is a locals favorite - very inexpensive and thus usually long lines.   We had a great time drinking and eating at the Yard House; they have very nice service there.   Their Grand Cafe was nice (there was also a place you could buy desserts inside this place).  Service at all their restaurants is very good.. . Rooms are large size - bathrooms are also.   We had a distant view of the Las Vegas Strip from our room.  The beds are comfortable.  We had some problems with housekeeping - they entered our room 3 times looking for the last guests cell phone.  It would have been nicer if they knocked and waited for us to enter the room and not just barge in. One day they also tossed the room shampoo; and did not leave us any - which meant we had to call housekeeping.  Housekeeping issues is the main reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars for the place.. . The place is great for families.  There are several swimming pools on the property; the lounges around the pools are so comfortable - so nice to sit out on.  They have good service in terms of being able to get drinks and food around the pool.. . There is a movie theater on site; a bowling alley; child care services. In the summer they also have outside music concerts.  . . In terms of gambling, we actually won - on multiple days.  There is a wide range of slot machines; table games; bingo, poker, and more.   We were able to get all our meals comped by just playing which made it even better.. . There are 2 huge parking garages (only one is good to park at if staying at the hotel - since its close enough).   There is also valet parking as well as well as additional parking by the casino.  As such, no problems finding free parking spaces while staying there.. . Overall, its a nice casino to go to off the strip.
This place is located on the West side way off the strip, and it is a destination property, it is open and airy, and clean.  It is worth the trip out there. They have a movie theater and a bowling alley. I have never had a bad meal out there. The pool is very cool. If you have the time make the trek out and check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
My wife had a business conference at this resort for a week and I decided to accompany her for 3 days at the resort. I go to Vegas 1-2 times per year and have always stayed on the Strip. I loved this place as someplace different than the Strip. Someplace I would come with my wife to relax or even a place I would come to in Vegas with my 2 kids. The food at this resort was amazing. I was only disappoined with one breakfast at the Cafe, but the other food I had here and the food at the Japanese restaurant was top notch. We had the Japanese restaurant twice.(I can't remember the name). All the sushi was incredible and the Chilean Sea Bass was absolutely AMAZING! We never went to the buffet. The line always seemed to have 200 people in it. I'm guessing this is because you can eat there buy 1 meal get one free. I think I remember this being mentioned to me when I signed up for my players card. I really like the Cafe for breakfast. Good bloody mary's as well. Crab cake and smoked salmon benedict was very good. I had both on my trip.. . The pool was very nice. We saw a movie at the theater and that was a nice change for a casino. I thought the room was average. Not enough light. I didn't like how you could open the door and see the bed straight on. I'm weird like that. The shower was small. The TV's were hurrrtting.......Where is the HD in a nice resort like this?????. . Casino: so different from the Strip. Lower minimums. Laid back. I liked the poker room and liked the sports book.. . Overall: As I mentioned before I go to Vegas 1-2 times per year. I go every March with my boys for March Madness. This casino is not for a bachelor party, a group of rowdy guys looking to go crazy or to sit back and see all the craziness of the Strip......it is for taking your wife on a romantic vaca or taking the family on a unique trip to Vegas or  for conferences and just overal relaxing.
Been wanting to check this place out ever since I first heard of it but on every Vegas trip out that I had a car, I never made it. Well, I finally made the trip and I'm glad I did!. . Red Rock is a very nice locals casino that unfortunately (for a non-local) is way off strip.  As is standard these days for a locals casino, it has a multi-plex theater (Regal), and a bowling alley. . . First things first whenever I visit a new casino, I sign up for their players card hoping for a nice sign-up bonus (aka free play). The sign-up bonus was freeplay (anywhere from $3-$500) you can probably guess what I got ($3). . . After playing and cashing out what I won with my freeplay, I took a walk around the casino to check out what else they offered. . . Red Rock has many dining choices from food court food to high class dining establishments. First restaurant that caught my eye was Yard House. Yard House is a favorite of mine since I first tried them out last year when they opened a location in San Jose. If you love beer, come here!. . After playing a little while more on some slots, I decided to take a break and use one of my discount movie passes at the theater and saw the latest Bourne flick: Bourne Legacy (if your a fan of the Bourne films you will enjoy it btw).. . After the movie I was getting hungry and decided to check out their buffet. The buffet prices were affordable:. . Breakfast Mon - Sat 8:00AM - 10:45AM $4.99*. Lunch Mon - Sat 11:00AM - 3:00PM $7.99*. Dinner Weekly 4:00PM - 9:00PM $13.99*. Brunch Sunday 8:00AM - 4:00PM $13.99*. . When signing up for my players card, I was told that I could print out a 2 for 1 (or half off for one) for the buffet. $7 for dinner? Sold!. . Well, as they say, you get what you pay for. Selection was sparse (in comparison to many of the buffets on the Strip) but for the price it was ok. I won't go out of my way to come back.. . Overall, I had a good time at Red Rock. It probably helped some that I won a little bit of money here too! Not sure though that I will be a frequent visitor here when I go to Vegas since it is so far off strip.
This is a pretty nice hotel.  It's located off the strip but I would stay here because of how nice it is.  The doors to the rooms looked like apartment doors.   The rooms here look sexy.  By that I mean the decor was a chocolate brown and it gave the room a romantic vibe to it.  They have a service button you turn on and off when you want maid service for your room.. . They had a nice travel guide for free in the room which I certainly took with me.  It was over 400 pages and I've never seen another hotel offer that.  I wanted to see the pool but by time we got there and finished eating, it was closed.  Boooo maybe next time.
Stayed here for the first time this past weekend and I would have to give Red Rock 4 stars.  The only thing preventing me from giving them 5 stars is that I booked a 2 queen room and when I checked in I was told that all the 2 Queen bed rooms were taken and they would give me a King with a rollaway bed at no charge.  I went ahead and accepted but I a guy behind me was offerred the same, complained and got his 2 Queens like he asked.  WTF!?!....They either have them or they don't???  Shouldn't have to bitch to get want you reserved in the first place.. . Anyways, with that being said, the property was nice.  It's a great family hotel.    The rooms are well decorated with a nice Flat Screen both in the room and in the bathroom.  The beds were comfy and I hardly whiffed a scent of tobacco within the hotel while I was there. The pool wasn't crowded and they're were plenty of open chairs to take.  The bowling alley and movie theartre are great if you have kids.  The Yardhouse on the premises was a bonus for a beer enthuist like me.  The casino is pretty large and all members of my party came out ahead after the weekend so the slots weren't tight at all.  The buffett was good and inexpensive, $5 for breakfast and like $13 for dinner.  I was given a free players card at check-in and got two free buffetts with it.  The alcohol was pretty reasonable at the bars, unlike some strip casinos.  There was also a shopping mall across the street with additional restaurants.. . I will most likely be back at Red Rock the next time I'm in Vegas.
We come here all of the time to eat and go to the movies and we finally had time to ourselves and booked a room for the night. Overall the hotel was great and we had no issues. We parked at valet, checked in easily and made our way to our room. You have to have your room key to use the room elevator so don't lose your key!. . The room was spacious; we had a king bed. We were on the 10th floor and realized walking down our hall that our view was going to be the parking lot at Costco or the parking structure for the hotel. It was the latter. My husband only gives me the best.. . I didn't pack toothpaste  and they didn't have any in our bathroom so I called downstairs and they brought up 2 dental kits. Nice.. . I took a hot bath while watching the results to AGT. There was a tv above the faucet in the tub and the tv was actually pretty crappy. The remote didn't even work and I'm thinking maybe it's been dropped in the tub too many times? This tub was awesome though. It wasn't a roman tub but it was rectangular and super deep. I honestly floated in this thing.. . I used the gym once. It is on the ground floor where the spa is. There is a tv attached to every elliptical, bicycle, and treadmill. They offer ear buds for listening to the TVs but I declined. There were a lot of machines and a lot of weights. They provide towels and bottles of water at every machine and there is a side table full of cold water. I liked the gym. Now I need to go back and try the spa.. . We ate at Hachi for dinner and the buffet for breakfast.. . We had a really nice experience here and I can't wait to come back for another night or two!
Awesome room, really good restaurants, and a very nice pool! The only thing was the room service was quite expensive for a hotel off the strip.
Despite being right around the corner from home, I rarely come here as I find myself at the Rampart or Suncoast a lot when I need a casino fix. I do remember they had their grand opening a couple of years ago on my birthday, so there's a bond here. lol!. . Last visit was lunch at The Yardhouse and it was pretty good. But this review isn't about them, it's about the Red Rock. The place was packed and it seems to be a pretty happening spot. I love the layout and everything that it has to offer. The hotel lobby is pretty upscale as well. I need to hang out here more often to truly take everything in and enjoy it as a whole. Definitely one of the more upscale Station Casino locations.
Great customer service, very nice rooms and great amenities. We recently stayed in Vegas for the weekend and wanted to stay off the strip. I used to live in Vegas and the Red Rock is known as a great local's spot, but I'd never been. . . The place had wonderful amenities: bowling alley, movie theater, kids zone, arcade, and of course - amazing pool/lounge area. There were tons of cabanas you could rent and numerous pools of varying temperatures - something for everyone. There were tons of lounges so we found spots even though the poolside was packed that afternoon. The wait staff was very quick to ask us if we needed anything and the drinks were large (although expensive - typical in Vegas poolside). Everything was easily billed to the room which was later comped off since our room came with a pool lounge credit! Our trip to the casino club (can't remember the name) was also comped off upon check out, which was a very nice surprise, and they played great music and had nice outside seating and a good dance floor. . . The only downside was the buffet. Although our room came with a free buffet breakfast, so we can't complain about price vs. quality, this buffet in comparison to others is seriously lacking. Many things looked delicious but then when tasted, were just not very good. . . The hotel itself is very nice - great rooms, comfortable beds and gorgeous bathroom! We were on the 14th floor and it was a very nice stay.
I love this Casino, it is always clean and it feels modern.. . The bowling and cinema have a cool modern feel and the selection of bars are really good. As a local this is by far my favorite "locals" casino, its not quite the quality of Cosmo or Bellagio or Wynn, but it feels like a community casino rather than one tailored to tourists.. . Oh, and keep Cherry open! Love the place! Only thing that would be better would be more child friendly films or more accommodating to kids in the bowling alley!
From a non-strip casino perspective, it's not bad.   I've seen worse for sure.   But the layout is pretty meh.  Almost if you took a convention center hotel and you placed a casino in it.   The restaurant choices aren't terrible, and they do have a Yard House so that's pretty nice.. . Decor wise, it's modern with nice fountains on the outside.  Definitely beats out its sister casinos around Vegas (the Station ones) as far as outer decor.   Overall, this is probably the place I'd check out if I wasn't on the strip.. . What's also interesting is that this casino has a lot more locals coming to it.  This is probably because it is a bit off the main tourist areas and located directly in Summerlin.. . If anything, I think that the only thing an off-strip casino like this would need to bolster more guests is a better shuttle service.  One every hour isn't exactly fantastic and a cab ride from the Strip to here would probably run you about sixty bucks.
I have never stayed over night at the Red Rock casino..However have worked concerts at poolside...My daughter performed in the hip hop International...I find the casino beautiful.. . If seeing an outdoor concert at poolside..Be warned that several of you may be standind for the entire concert and very crowded. Sound just Okay. The pool area is gorgeous and if you are willing to pay the price you will be sitting and I'm sure you would have a great concert experience. If you are doing something located in the large hall areas..They were very nice and spacious!
Red rock is great for concerts, dinner, or just hanging out! It's more of a lcoals hang out but is really nice for everyone!
I enjoy the trip away from the strip. Went to a concert @ amphitheater. Beautiful view of sunset in Sept. Make sure to bring a blanket. Bleacher seats hurt your bum.
Nice place for a quick bite to eat or a nice dinner, nice area to grab a drink and meet up with friends.  The atmosphere is a little more grown up than the strip, pretty and relaxing overall. Clean and doesn't smell all smoky like some of the other casinos.
I could swear that I have reviewed this place before, especially since this is the casino that I go to the most. . . Snapshot:. -Not close to the strip.  You can definitely avoid the "Vegas Baby!!" group here.  This can be considered a "Pro" or a "Con" depending on what your preference is. . . -The Sports book:  My favorite sports book, but also one of the smallest.  You will find yourself standing if you're not early enough. Enough Niner Fans here too.  Got Five?, We Do.  . . -My opinion, one of the cleanest and better Station Casinos.. . -Poker Room:  One of my favorite poker rooms in Vegas.  I still like M's, but this is one I play at the most.  Tons of pros here, so watch your stack.  The players definitely know what they're doing. Probably less variance playing on the strip during the weekends, but I mainly come for the fun.  I'm not trying to make an income here. . . -Drinks:  I don't drink much, unless friends and family are visiting.  But when I'm here, there's one waitress that has my drink already memorized.  All I have to do is say the regular and she gets it.  Sometimes it's even just eye contact. . . -Restaurants I've Tried:  Feast, Yard House, Grand Cafe, Rubio's, and Tropical Smoothie.  Last time I ate at Tropical Smoothie, they started my order before I even ordered it.  I guess I am a creature of habit or just come here way too much. I like all the restaurants here.  Good enough to fill you.  The Yard House can get a bit crowded though.  . . -Parking:  Never crowded, even Saturdays I'm parking close enough.. . -Bowling:  Not has many lanes as South Point or Orleans, but also not hard to get a lane.  They also do a good job organizing bowling work events.  4 stars for their bowling room.  1 star for my bowling score.. . -Movie Theater:  Watched a movie only a few times here.  Can't complain unless the movie sucked.  . . -Hotel Rooms:  Only stayed here when I got my free offers.  In the summer, I definitely take advantage so I can get access to their pools.  The rooms aren't the biggest, but clean and reminds me of Aliante.  Or Aliante's remind me of Red Rock's. . . -Pool:  I think it's one of the better pools in Vegas.  Yes, you have to experience the strip hotel pools or Hard Rock's Rehab at least once.  But this pool is chill and you can actually get your drinks without having to wait forever. . . -Concerts:  I haven't watched a concert here yet, but have been told that the venue is big and well organized. . . This is my favorite casino in Vegas.  I know there's a lot better on the strip.  Just inconvenient to hit up the strip all the time, especially on weekends.  Only during the NFL season that you can consider me a regular here.  Usually here to watch the Thursday, Sunday, and Monday games.  At the same time, I'm donating to the players in the poker room. . . I recommend this place for both, locals and out of towners.  It's definitely a change from the casinos on the strip. Less crowded, clean, and plenty to do.  . . PS.  Honey, if you're reading this.  Remember, daddy loves you.  It's the weekend, but don't sleep too late.  Love you.
It is a solid place to hang out for locals and tourists alike. I hit it up Saturday night with a friend that lives in the area. She got me off strip where I live and play lol. It was good I suppose!  We worked the area but mainly focused on the Hotel Bar where it was very tame and we could chat. The bar is a nice area that even on a crazy crowded night in the casino, was very subdued. However, the Jack on the rocks and $12 per glass seems high even by Strip (which I wasnt on) standards. I will hit it again I am sure because she loves it there! I dont know if I wold drive out there without the coaxing, however it a decent setup for sure.
one of the best convention hotels I've been to.  Superlative meeting facilities and this three day session went very quickly.  Big rooms, great food during and great views from the deck/ballroom.  Hotel is nice, typical Vegas nickel and dime practices but the value quotient was very high with a great view and nice amenities.  Front desk service very good.  It's off strip which I consider a good thing.  Restaurants are top notch, lobby bar definitely a great place to go hang.  The spa and gym facilities also get a shout out as well.  Casino is typical, I thought the poker room and sportsbook both were small although very nice.  As another reviewer pointed out, if you're a fish then watch your stack at the card tables.  There are some serious players.  Overall I really liked the place and it's impossible to beat for the money IMHO.  Plus if you want to hit the Strip, it's only a 15 min (complementary) shuttle away.  But for the limited amount of free time I had, Red Rock worked just great for me.
We had our first Thanksgiving in Vegas at the Feast Buffet.  Gotta say it was really good.  Kids loved it too.  We had a lot of family fun and grown up fun too.  Kids spent an hour in the Kids Quest area and had a blast.  We bowled too.  Great place for some family (and adult) fun in Vegas!  Staff is fantastic, great deals when you get the Boarding Pass.  We were really impressed with the entire facility.
I play a lot of different games at this location. It feels like my "home casino," In that I mean. I'm constantly there watching a movie, dinning, or gambling anywhere from Black Jack to the Sports Book. It's great up there!! Very nice location and everything is new and prestige!
This is my favorite Casino to come to. Whether it's dinning, games, bowling, or the movies. Tonight's choices were food and games. Had a $10 free bet in the mail for being a member and I just cashed in on that! What an awesome incentive, specially for me. Tipped my dealer, got out ahead. Goodbye Black Jack tables!!! Extra $ in my pocket :)
A nice spot to get away from all the madness of the strip. An excellent variety of table games and slot machines, this place is the local place to be to check out the eye candy. With plush designs and furniture and easy access to get in and out of this place is well worth the drive.. . FYI they do have most closed circuit fights in their huge bowling alley. . . Also, their restaurants provide all types of food to satisfy anyone's palate at reasonable prices.  This is definitely the Station Casinos best property.
As the Flagship for Station Casinos, Red Rock has never disappointed me, not once. I always find ample parking, I like their mix of restaurants, and I like the outdoor amphitheater in the summer. My favorite part of Red Rock though is the Sports Book. While Station Casinos has rolled out a great mobile betting app called Sports Connection I still like going in and staring up at the wall, catching the occasional horse race or NBA game on screen. Service? Top Notch. I've always been taken care of here from having drinks in hand while playing slots to help with parlay betting at the book. In short, while Stations has other properties close to me, you can't go wrong if you're in the vicinity of the Flagship and you step inside. . . By the way the palm trees on top of the hotel tower always gets people's attention when we pull up. . . 4 Strong Stars.
I don't gamble, but I like this casino, it has the yard house, good steak joint and the movie theater. The food court is pretty good!
I've visited a few times but this was the first time to stay at the resort. First off, I'm impressed with the modern feel and chandeliers making it feel swanky. I didn't feel cramped walking through the hallway to get to the room. A plus for the hotel rooms is that they have a mini hallway to your room.  Definitely a plus for keeping the noise in the hallway to a minimum vs feel like people are having a party right outside your door as they walk by.  . . The rooms are spacious, blackout curtains, his and her sinks and what's that?  A TV above the bathtub!  This was my favorite part of the hotel room!  As a connoisseur of hotel bathtubs this soaking tub definitely filled up fast and was very comfortable. . . There are less casino tables here but most of the dealers are very professional and fun to talk to making the game interesting.  The down part is having the TV. screens located on the circular wall in the middle of the floor where your seat is back to the screen making it awkward to catch glances of the screen or if there's a big game. I think the TVs are more for the dealers. . . As for food choices, lots of good choices for different types of eaters.  They have a good buffet with lots of options and I didn't have a problem with overcooked or dried out food that you find at other buffets.  . . I noticed the kid's center, bowling alley and movie theater. This would be a great place for families as they have everything and a variety of things to do if you don't gamble. . . Will hopefully be back soon!
It's a nice place to stay but no where near the strip. The rooms are large and the bathrooms are nice. The valet service is slow and so is check in. Don't expect bell service because we were never offered it, nor did I see any bellhops in the hallways. Ad the hallways are outrageously long!!  263 steps from the elevator to my room. . . As for the casino, it's pretty nice!  Clean, open and not smokey!  Great food options from the buffet, food court and restaurants. And, nicely priced. The hotel rooms are very reasonably priced, too. . . The pools are beautiful and it's pretty quiet, so if you don't want busy Vegas, this is a great place. So, if you balance the good with the bad, it's still a decent place to stay.
Nice, clean room for a very good price. Far from the strip though. The room service was excellent, the food was SUPER delicious. Our pizza and seafood were made fresh. . I didn't like the casino though, it was kinda empty.
FIrst, what a hip hotel. Love the design. Love the rock music blaring everywhere. The room is awesome. The restaurants are awesome. The fire the lights...bla bla bla.... . Hotel Peeves..... . Some of my pet peeves are you have to use your key to use the elevator. Not a bad idea, but what a fucking hassle. My hands are full and I have to drag out that plastic key to use the elevator...lame. . . Second, I like to have a cup of coffee in my room. Yes, I could get one delivered from room service, but again, a hassle. They have a Starbucks on the casino level, but again the room key the elevator the hassle. Hey, how about putting a cool, modern, sleek, hipster coffee pot in the room for those of us professional travelers, who like a bit of brew alone in the morning. Just sayin'.... . I lived in Las Vegas for 25 years and these neighborhood hotel/casino's are really a nice alternative from the horrible strip.. . Stay here and have some fun. It's quiet and parking is great. It will take a good 35 minutes to get to the strip.
We stayed at RRC last weekend and loved it.  The hotel is a bit of drive from the strip but it wasn't a problem at all.  It was actually a relief to have a break.  The hotel beds are super comfy and the service was lovely.  The Feast Buffet is good.  The cafe was ok.  What's great is the Red Rock Cyn area for hiking.  Beautiful.. . . . I will go back again for sure in the summer so I can enjoy the beautiful pools.
What's not to love?. . LBS, Regal Cinemas, a great decor.. . I love hitting up Red Rock from time to time. Nothing like a good trek across town every now and then.
have not stayed here, so a review of casino ONLY.  the casino floor is one big and almost perfect circle.  you can easily get lost and lose tract of where you are.  i love their Regal cinema on site, which includes IMAX.  they have a lot of new slots, but they replace them as fast as they install them...so watch out!  i do like spending time here...as the atmosphere is very relaxed.  drink service SUCKS though...try flagging one down for coffee or water is actually harder than winning in their casino.  oh well.  it's a very nice place.  need to try their buffet, as i heard it's quite good.  i consider this to be a darker casino, not much light inside, similar to Aria.  they also have a food court inside, but the Starbucks doesn't open until 8am...WEIRD.
Love the red rock, has a lot to offer. Lounge, spa, clubs, gambling. Best "locals" place casino-wise! Its newer-ish so its not old and crusty like the station casino. Its great to go visit for a night.
Red Rock is a great local spot... It's not that new anymore but it still looks new.. They have a very modern and clean look. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a staycation or for anyone who wants a hotel far from the strip.. I don't think any of the restaurants really stand out though.. Especially the cafe, I wish they had better food and prices. But the movie theater, bowling alley and bingo hall are all very nice. The pool is so pretty and I hear their outdoor concert venue is nice as well.. And I do believe they just reopened Cherry Ultra Lounge... . I do wish they had more cocktail servers for the slots.. there are times where we will be playing and no cocktail server is around for over a hour.... . The rooms are great! Nice comfy beds and the bathrooms are huge complete with a nice soaking tub. I like how they designed the doors to be more on the inside rather than right on the hallway.. you'll have to see it to know what I mean haha  . . . HOT TIP: Definitely take advantage of the spa if you stay here.. Entry is complimentary since it is included in the resort fee~ & don't forget to sign up for a player's card to get some coupons ;]]]
Nice, clean, and pretty. I like that it's away from everything and especially the madness of the Las Vegas Strip. The movie theater (Regal Cinemas) is nice and I like the addition of the fan-favorite Yard House restaurant. This is my choice of visit when deciding on a casual night of a movie or outing. The property is overall really nice and as long as they keep offering great establishments within, it's definitely worth a visit.
If you want to mingle with locals in a nice location, then Red Rock Casino is the place to go. The casino is not as big as the ones at the strip, but it is nice with a pleasant decor.  You can pretty much find everything you want a steak house, sushi restaurant, fast food, several bars, a nice movie theater, arcade and of course all the amenities that a casino in Las Vegas will provide.. During the summer they have a lot of events/concerts going on so I will totally recommend you to check them up!
So i've recently added Red Rock to my rotation of casinos i frequent.  It's the 2nd closest casino to my house.  Some of it's features:. . Gaming - my guess is this is the largest "local" casino - machines 'o plenty, table area is kinda on the small size compared to the rest of the casino.  The craps tables are decent - 10x odds and the fire bet. Also, $5 craps and BJ tables.  Decent comps and giveaways.  They have one of the nicest Bingo rooms in the valley.. . Food - nice selection of restaurants and one of the better food courts.  My favs: lbs - one of the better burger restaurants in Vegas; Yardhouse - big surprise, great beer selection, decent food; Hachi - great selection of japanese food - a little pricey; i've yet to try terra rosa.  In the food court - i frequent fatburger and capriotti's.  Sadly, the buffet has gone downhill over the years.. . Entertainment - Movie Theatre is great but very busy on the weekends; they have some decent concerts within the outdoor venue;  I've yet to try the bowling alley.. . Hotel rooms - surprisingly, i've yet to do  staycation here - some day ..... . They have tons of parking, easy access from the 215 fwy.
Great place!  Kids club was professional, clean and my kids had a terrific time.  Did not stay here, but had a terrific afternoon and would definitely look into spending a weekend.
If it wasn't for the resort fee, I'd say forget the strip!. I'll get that out the way. I don't like to support casinos who charge a resort fee because quite frankly, they should just include those charges with the room rate and not be sneaky about it. But if you don't mind resort fees and would like to find an alternative from the Strip or downtown LV, read on.. . Red Rock has many amenities. The one that stood out the most for me was the child care area. I'm looking at you parents who bring their underage kids to the Vegas! Or for those who can't get away because of their kids, there is an option for you here. The center is rather enclosed and they take some good precautions in making sure no one walks off with your kids.. . There's also a movie theater, for the movies you can't just pass on even while you're on vacation. Of course, there's a little arcade right outside. Aside from the buffet, they have a food court with a variety of food options. And if you're itching to spend your winnings, there's a Best Buy across the street.
Good Gambling. Now this is not on the strip and the Las Vegas residents I was with called this a "local" casino. Whatever it was it was OK by me. . . I'm not sure what the square footage was here but there was enough gaming to keep anyone happy. It was pretty hopping on the Saturday night that I was here.. . Easy garage parking, plenty of gaming, restaurants and bars.. . Enjoy!
Red Rock is a cool locals spot...wouldn't really recommend tourists to drive all the way out here.. . We come here from time to time for their movie theater, since they are usually clean and not packed to the brim.. . They also have some decent restaurants here.  Even their food court has a little bit of everything, including a Tropical Smoothie.. . I haven't gambled here for a little while, but last time the tables seemed reasonable.  . . Check it out if you are on this side of town!
Room: 112 on the 16th floor was a very nice room with pool view & double queen beds with well placed accent/reading lights. The marble, dark paneled and leather wall papered bathroom also contained double sinks, a separate room for the toilet and separate shower and tub (w/ TV) plenty big enough for a 6 footer to relax. The main room wall mount TV was a very generous size and viewable from all seats. . . Only room cons - no coffee pot and no lounge chair (just desk & chair) and no plugs near the beds. . . Food: See my review of T Bones Chophouse, The Sandbar, the Grand Cafe, Yard House and Terra. Good service everywhere! There's also a 2 Starbucks and a lot of food court options in additional many bars. . . Pool: They close at 6pm (apparently a Vegas commonality - Caesars Palace closes at 7). Lots of different pools to enjoy. A two lane lap pool off the gym area. When it gets windy though you have to leave - the umbrellas and lounges blow all over the place - even into the water! Food and beverage service. . . Gym: The gym / spa complex is amazing - my favourite part of the hotel. Lots of cardio machines of different types (recumbant bikes, tredmils, elipticals and bikes) but a good weight area too with 2 benches & dumbbells, leg machines, a cable machine & 2 back machines as well. By the gym is the spa & hair salon, access to the outdoor lap pool, & locker rooms. By the lockers there is a nice quiet area where people can relax on couches - hidden, but one of the few quiet areas in the hotel (there's even music playing in the hotel lifts). In the locker room there are massive showers (read: 12 of me could fit in them), shaving supplies, a steam room - wet & dry - & two 3.5' deep hot tubs. Each locker has a robe & water in it. Fruit also available in seating area with TV. . . Spa / gym con - it closes at 7pm. You have to go outside from gym then back inside to get to locker rooms. . . Service: . The concierge Casey was very nice. I recommend giving him a call for any needs or recommendations - even prior to arrival. I could usually find him by the phone from 7a(PDT)/10a(ET) - 9p(PDT)/12a(ET). . Parking: Free - easy. Valet (which was never full) or self-park. You can self park by a specific restaurant or by casino or in garage by hotel. . . Cons: . The hotel runs a shuttle to the strip (Fashion Show Mall) & the airport, but at very inconvenient times/intervals. It doesn't start until 11:10am. A cab ranges from $55- $85 depending on the route they take you. A car service arranged through the hotel would be $75 inclusive of gratuity each way (e.g., from Red Rock to Mandalay Bay). This must be taken into consideration because tour companies will not pick up from this hotel. A lot of the tour companies offer before noon tours at discounts with early morning starts (7:40am) and will only pick up from 5mi around the Strip. Since the Red Rock shuttle isn't running yet I would have had to add around $75 to my trip cost estimate to figure in getting to a hotel where the tour company would pick me up. At other times I would have also had to leave the strip earlier than desired to catch the last shuttle back. To avoid these problems I ended up renting a car. (The hotel offers on site rental cars if you only need one for one day & not the entire length of your trip but their daily rates were higher than I could get out of the airport - a airport rental for 5 days was equal to the price a 2 day rental out of the hotel would have been). See the hotel shuttle schedule below. Note this will also impact late night dinner/drinking outings and concert attendance, etc... . . RR to airport: 5a, 7a, 9a, 11a, 1p, 3p, 5p, 7p. Airport to RR: 6a, 8a, 19a, 12p, 2p, 4p, 6p, 8p, 9p. RR to Strip (Fashion Show Mall): 11:10am, 1:10p, 3:10p, 5:10p, 7:10p, 9:10p. Strip to RR: 11:40a, 1:40p, 3:40p, 5:40p, 7:40p, 9:40p & last at 10pm. . Overall impression: I really liked this very nice property. Everyone was friendly and helpful and the food was all good no matter where I went. My only cons have to do with things closing too early (the business center too). It's a n all highway very fast drive of I the strip - 20-30min. I never encountered traffic.
Where to start, I spend a lot of time at Red Rock because my day job is playing Poker Semi-Professionally. People ask me all the time where I play and why. I do enjoy playing all around town, I look for places with a lot of game choices, decent action and I love the Bad-Beat jackpots (although I've never hit one).  Red Rock has all of these, you can get a good game with good action any day of the week. It just so happens to also be close to where I live. . . I also like to mess around on the slots a little when I'm bored, tired of poker or just looking for a free drink. I've noticed the slots can run hot & cold. They also seem to run hot in sections together. There are days where no one is hitting anything and other days where everyone seems to be winning. My suggestion is if you & no one around you is winning play low limit and just take it easy. But if your machine is giving your money back almost every hand and people around you are winning, up the limit and go for broke!! . . The Sushi Restaurant Hachi is pretty good but doesn't open till 5 and happy hour is only drinks. Wish they had a patio too. But T-Bones has a great patio and a great happy hour as well. . . Sports book is one of the best in town, if you like to bet on sports this is the place. Unless of course you bet on UFC, because the Fertitta's own the Stations Casinos and the UFC you'll have to place your bet somewhere else. But you can always still watch the fights here for about $10.
Nice off-the-Strip casino that does not smell heavily of smoke. The casino is equipped with many food court choices, great theater and the cleanest bowling alley ever.
This hotel has everything I could ask for,but I am a little older so factor that in. Off the strip several miles so if that's your scene, read no further, it's probably not for you. If you seek a great property with reasonable gaming limits, great pool, and good restaurants, you've found it. Rooms are well above average in amenities,casino small but big enough, and Station casinos staff always make you feel welcome. Check their website if you want to know more,but for me this is the perfect weekend getaway spot.
On an mission from Jen. Ended up going to the Movies.
My favorite station casino, although they could offer even more for locals
It is a casino after all but away from the strip, SW of las vegas. If you do want to get away from the strip this is one of the place, a bit pricey but I usually go here to watch a movie or cash my check which you can get some cool prizes. It is a station casino so you can get the rewards card, for a first timer you can win slot plays so wish you win. Parking is great, South and North parking lots.
Just got back from our vacation at Red Rock Resort.  . . We have a toddler, so first priority in our mind is will it be fun for both adults and the kiddo?  Glad to say that we all had a great time here.  We chose this hotel based on the recommendation of friends with kids, and because they have the Kids Quest daycare on-site.  We never once used the daycare (we stayed in the pool the whole time).  We did go in and look at it though, it looked like a fun place for the kids.  I was only in there briefly, but from what I saw, there were a lot of kids running around and entertaining themselves (a lot of kids were playing in small groups - I guessed they must have been siblings or otherwise known each other).  I didn't see a lot of adult-led activities.  I only saw the room for the bigger kids, I didn't go in the toddler room, which is a separate room at the back of the playarea.  The prices and the hours for the Kids Quest were very reasonable.. . The pool was the place to be!  The big pool has a very shallow wade in area, perfect for our little guy.  It was shallow enough that he felt confident walking in on his own and didn't need to be held.  There were tons and tons of kids in the big pool, with lots of splashing and lots of jumping in from the sides and the central fountain.  But if you go back a little ways to one of the adjacent, smaller pools, there weren't too many kids in them or too much noise.  So I think even if you aren't traveling with kids you can find a spot to relax.. . We stayed in a regular room, not a suite or anything, and it was plenty big to accomodate a king-sized bed, a seating area, and our pack-n-play.  We also enjoyed the modern decor.  In fact, the whole hotel is really nice.  I am a Facilities Manager; I have a habit that annoys the crap out of my husband of noticing every spot on the carpet, every smudge on the walls, and every burned out lightbulb in a lit sign.  It's my job to notice those details.  I hate staying somewhere where the property is not being properly maintained (hello Flamingo, I'm looking at you!).  I understand that Red Rock has been open for a few years, but in my opinion it looks almost brand new.  I had no problems letting my toddler play on the floor, for instance, because I felt that the carpets were plenty clean.. . We enjoyed meals at the Feast (buffet), the Grand Cafe, and Tbones Steakhouse.  We also enjoyed drinks at the Lucky Bar.  The service at each of these venues was not only top-notch but really friendly.  We particularly liked the steakhouse.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly to order, and the service was really attentive.. . The service at the pool left something to be desired.  There is an automatic 18% gratuity on everything in the pool area, even if you go to the bar and order yourself (that includes food that you go and order and then you return and pick up at the bar).  The girls working at the pool are a little younger than the average cocktail waitress (maybe 18 as opposed to 25) and have to wear 1/2 cut or 3/4 cut bottoms with their butts hanging out, and deal with gross old fat married guys staring at them all day long, and screaming kids, as they walk around in 100+ degree heat.  It isn't Rehab, they aren't looking at hard bodies all day.  Between all of that and a guaranteed gratuity, I can kind of understand why they acted bored most of the time.  . . But really, who cares?  You're at the pool and you're on vacation!
I'm a Las Vegas local, and when I do stay here at a hotel I tend to stray far from The Strip.  My choice?  Red Rock Casino Resort!  Overall it's a pretty good place to stay.. . Red Rock has a very modern vibe to it, nice dark colors, lots of wood, marble, and very clean lines.  I like myself some clean lines!  It really does seem more into the present than other resorts around town that feel dated (I'm lookin' at you Palace Station).  The Red Rock stays very busy especially in the evenings, I suspect partially because it is one of only a small handful of places to stay in the Summerlin area.  . . I'm no richy rich, but whenever I do get a deal for a stay at a Station Casinos property I usually pick Red Rock.  It pays to be a member of their card club y'all!  Even if you don't gamble much, get the player's card from Station Casinos.  I sometimes don't get to play more than $20-40 a month and I still get some OK deals.  But I think room deals are the biggest perk.  Not only can you get a great deal on a nightly room, but with the player's card you can get other bonuses like half off the resort fee.  Any way to save a buck works for me.  Our recent stay at the Red Rock only cost me about $160 bucks total for a 2-nighter!  Not too shabby at all.  Sure beats what you can pay for a room on The Strip.  . . Staying at Red Rock has a lot of amenities.  I fully take advantage of the free gym since it's got a nice selection of machines and weights.  And free water!  Gotta have that for these hot Vegas days.  The pool is pretty phenomenal as well.  And always busy!  I go to the gym, then hit the pool.  Too many good lookin' people be there gettin' their game on!  I don't like going there without doing a bunch of bench presses & squats in the wee morn first.  Suckin' in the gut only helps so much!. . Need to do some shopping?  Red Rock has a shuttle that runs daily to The Fashion Show Mall on The Strip!  Free with your stay!  Take advantage and get those Christian Louboutin's you've been waiting for!  Or if you're a dude, the latest copy of Call of Duty.. . My lady loves the spa in Red Rock, it is pretty classy.  Very nice and clean.  I'll sometimes treat her to a pedicure and manicure.  Prices are very reasonable, if you're a Las Vegas local you get 20% off everyday!  Stellar.  . . Going on date night?  Red Rock not only offers you nice rooms, but some darn good eating as well.  Need something casual?  Hit up happy hour at the Yard House from 3-6 PM daily.  Need something more intimate?  Rock your stylin' duds and hit up either Hachi for some modern Japanese cuisine, or T-bones for a super steak and some wine.  Feelin' like something quick?  Hoof it on down to the Feast Buffet, LBS for a burger, or the new Pink's Hot Dogs for a meal.  Lots of choices without leaving!  Did I mention in a previous review that only the Red Rock Feast Buffet often serves OXTAIL??  I might have.  . . Red Rock doubles up as a family resort as well.  Got kids?  Red Rock has you covered!  For movies go to the Regal Cinemas 16.  For bowling hit up the Red Rock Lanes Bowling Center right next door.  There's an arcade too!  No need to get bored.  Don't want to take the kids to a stuffy restaurant?  Red Rock has it's own food court!  Fill them up with Rubio's, Capriotti's, Villa Pizza, Fatburger, or Panda Express.  Don't worry about your morning coffee either!  Red Rock has 2 (yes 2) Starbucks in the resort so you don't have to go anywhere.  There's also a Tropical Smoothie.. . The family and I usually have a great time at Red Rock Resort.  It's a great getaway for those that can only afford a 'staycation', or for those who just want a few nights out.  This is a great place to stay, and would still be a great place to stay if gambling wasn't part of the mix.  Lots of things to do, and lots of places to see.  . . If you're cheap, but don't want to seem that way, stay at Red Rock Casino Resort, that's what I say!  But I'm not cheap, I'm frugal!  OK, fine, I'm cheap.
I spend a lot of my free time at this casino because its 5 min from my house in summerlin. Red rock is probably the nicest local casino in town. Great restaurants and a cool place to hang out.
Hubby and I decided to waste some time and play some slots until our next appointment.  I have not stayed at this hotel so I don't know what the rooms are like and I also have not eaten at any of the restaurants here.  Hotel was pretty and it served its purpose for us to stay out of the heat.
To me, this is the best casino in Summerlin. The smell of cigarette smoke isn't as strong here as the other casinos. Ultra clean and convenient too, as it is right between home and the office (within 5 minutes). I'm here almost every day. Rubio's, Yardhouse, Starbucks, Regal Theater, Red Rock Lanes, nice sports book - what more do you need? Oh, and another bonus - I occasionally run into family and long-lost friends here.
Beautiful venue with lots of friendly employees.  The food service while attending a company meeting here was amazing and unusually good for a Casino hotel.. . Only things I did not like: the casino floor has a nasty reek of smoke smell.  Really really bad.. . Oh, and everywhere you go (with the exception of the convention center and your rooms) they blast music.  And I mean blast it..... . The parking lot, check.  They blast it.. The casino floor, check.  They blast the tunes.. The pool, yep, you guessed it.. Elevators, check.. Restrooms, check.. . I mean cmon man,  enough with the music already!
This hotel is outstanding for those who have been to the strip enough and just want to get away from it all but be close enough to the action! The rooms are modern and very hip! The casino is laid back and chill. I love it here when I am just not into the hustle and bustle of the strip for a weekend! Room service is outstanding and the chocolate covered strawberries are delicious!
Time for a review update since it's been almost 3 yrs since my last review.  This place has dropped a Star for me.  Don't get me wrong, it's still a great place.  However, they haven't kept the place as clean as it was 3 yrs ago.  The casino has also lost the "excitement"....when you walk through there on a weekday night it's slow and dreary.. . The restaurants are still solid though.  We ate at Terra Rossa this past visit.. . Overall, this place lacks the energy it once had.  I hope it doesn't continue to decline.. . Return Factor - 90%
There is 1 other Station Casino close to my house, but I prefer to visit here.  The casino floor is clean and has attentive wait staff.  The restaurants are all quality.  Happy to see Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que as the most recent addition to the restaurant line up here.  Will be back soon to try it out.  The Feast Buffet however could use some fresh food item ideas.  The price is right, but even so it is not something i would race out to try.  If here any of the other restaurants would be a better choice.  . . This is also the place I go to for my movies!  They have a beautiful multiplex here.  Of course the movie food still is overpriced, but the screens and sound are pleasant.
The cons to Red Rock Casino are what make the pros to it as well. It's FAR from most areas in Vegas, especially if you're in Southern Highlands or Henderson. But it's worth it and that's why it's so good.  . . You can start off your day by taking an early morning hike at nearby Rock Rock park west of the Resort. Then finish off your day with either a spa and a few cocktails at Cherry indie Red Rock Casino or maybe go for a few games of bowling/movie. There's plenty of shopping nearby and tons of restaurants.
Nice place. Far from the strip, which is a plus in my opinion. They do have shuttle service that will bring you to and from the strip at no charge. The hotel and casino is clean and modern. The room was great minus the tv reception, which was scrambled and fuzzy. The ice machine on my floor was not working, but they fixed it rather quickly. There was a sound coming from the plumbing in the bathroom that was annoying though, which is why I can't give a 5 star rating. Over all a great place that I would definitely go back to!
This is my favorite casino in town! I'm here at least once a week.. . The casino, and all surrounding areas are clean, and easily accessible.. . Getting in and out of the parking lot is very easy. There are a couple entrances off of Charleston, and two side entrances. . . Two parking garages, and a huge parking lot or from, provides plenty of parking for customers. . . The standard rooms are nicer than any I've ever seen. The suites are awesome! My boss had a suite with 2 bedrooms, a living room, pool table and a soaking pool on the balcony.. . There are many amenities such as a great Food Court, Bowling Alley, anda great movie theatre! . . The staff is the friendliest I've encountered! From the bars, to the cashiers, I've always felt welcome.. . The Sport Book is the best in the area. Any game, race, or sporting event is televised. The staff is the best. . . I'm going to continue to visit this casino.
With a Players Club card, the Feast Buffet is only $7.50! We caught the tail end of breakfast and I was able to get an omelet. Very tasty!!! Desserts were plentiful and fantastic. I absolutely got my money's worth. I would have given this 5 stars but the cashier had as much personality as burnt toast.
Red rock is a beautiful casino. My friends and I go there for bingo occasionally. They have a huge bingo room with a separate smokers area :) they have a huge table games area too with a lot of popular games like black hack ultimate Texas hold 'em and pai gow :) it has a nice lounge and bar. And a large food court. It has great restaurant inside like Lucille's and don't get me started on Lucille's and their cinnamon biscuits :))) yum that'll be on a review to come :)
Best gaming casino in Las Vegas even though its bit to drive but it was worthed.  Place have tons of machine and dining is not do expensive
NICE rooms, comfortable and roomy. I have stayed here several times and never had a problem. Will be coming back for sure.
Red Rock is a great casino for locals.  You not only have the casino & restaurants but also bowling, the theater, food court, bingo & more!  . . The casino itself is modern and clean with plenty of spaces to sit, eat, play, etc.  The machines always seem to be in working order & there are plenty so I can usually find a row of my favorite slots all to myself.  I've never actually stayed in the hotel but a lot of people I know who have like it very much.  My husband and I like the dining options there since there is something for both of us with all the different restaurants.  The theater and bowling alley are top notch and convenient for a date night.  It's not on the strip, which is a plus.  Red Rock is one of our favorite 'locals' casinos!  . . Tip - Locals get $.99 margaritas!  Woo!
If you're going to be off the strip, you better be good if you want me to come back.  They are good.  I come back often.  The casino itself is one of my favorite.  New, elegant, exciting and big.  Tons of slots with new machines too.  Table games are cheap, as you would expect from non-strip casinos, but the dealers are funny, friendly and very helpful.  They want you to win.  There is a large food court for those who don't want to drop a lot of dollars for their meals and even a Pinks Hotdog stand.  A nice bowling alley offers you to do something other than gamblling and a Regal movie theater as well.  A high technology Bingo room gives you a more relaxing way to gamble.  Their pool is nice as well.  It doesn't have a shopping center so that's one of my two grips.  They are a million miles west of the strip, but it's worth the drive for the gambling.  Lots of restaurants, but nothing memorable.  The rooms is among the best in Vegas easily better than Aria, which I thought was the best.  I really like it here.  I find myself making the long drive at least once for every trip I make to Vegas.
Nice Casino, lots of parking, never had any problems here.. . I like the fact that you can bypass the slot machines and other gaming areas if you are just here for bowling or the movies.. . If you park on the parking garage located on the West side of the Casino, you can take the elevator all the way down.. . The buffet is nice to visit every once in a while.  It is not the best one in the world, but will do just well in a pinch.  The bowling alley is located right at the elevators and if you take a little walk you can get to the food court or the movie theaters. . . Again, I love that you can just bypass the gaming areas. . . I've stayed here a few times for a stay-cation and the rooms are absolutely beautiful!  I loved the views of the Red Rock area and Strip.  The rooms feel like contemporary 70's and it is very up scale.  I wouldn't mind selling my house and living in one of their rooms full time!
This hotel is beautiful. There are so many food options, and it even has a pleasant scent for a casino. Checking in could be tricky as there aren't any prevalent signs identifying where the check in desk is. There is signage pointing you to the area, but once in the area it can be tricky. . The room was really nice. Very clean. It would be a nice touch if there were 1 or 2 complimentary bottles of water though.
