I think this is the first time I went to a higher end restaurant in Las Vegas and walked out thinking...it's worth the price.  . . Our server was pretty awesome in my mind. Took great care of us and explain the specials thoroughly.  Also helped gave us the idea that the last person at the table should take care of the tab. =). . Their whole menu sounds tasty....good selection of meats and a lot of sides/appetizers to accommodate your needs.. . I ordered the Truffle Oil & Parmesan Potato Chips for my appetizer.. OMG....it tasted so good.  Best chips I've ever had!!!  It's crunchy...tasty...and best of all...it's cheesy!. . For my entree....I stucked with their Bone-in Rib Eye with a side of corn. I always like my steak medium rare and they cooked it to perfection.  Steak was super tender and juicy.  Dash some horse-radish on the side and I'm happy.. . My buddy Eugene ordered their "Tomahawk" which is basically a 32 oz. Ribeye with a big ass rib to boot.  He topped it off....of course....with some foie gras.  . . Most of the table ordered their own rib eye steak....and ordered a lot of different sides to mix it up.  I'll say my favorite was the Wild Mushrooms and the Grits.. . Overall, pretty good...will definitely come back to give this place a second spin.
The place? Comfortable yet elegant.. The service? Spot on.. The food? Really good, but.... . Something was lacking. I had been wanting to try one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurants for awhile and was really excited to dine at Delmonico, but the food didn't blow me away like I had expected it to. Their gumbo was good, but lacked a bit of salt. Their pork chops were good, but could have been a little more tender. My friend noted that the texture of the steak was a bit off. Their desserts were good, but the chocolate cake was kind of dry. Everything was "good", but nothing was great. Wait...I take that back - their dinner rolls were delicious! . . Although I really enjoyed my Delmonico experience overall, I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. (I have yet to find a steakhouse that I like better than Mastro's!)
Since this was my birthday trip we wanted(I wanted) a great steak dinner. As if I need a reason for a good piece of meat. We arrive 15 mins before our reservation and within 2 mins are seated. The place looks like an art museum very light and earthy colors. The seats are a bit uncomfortable as someone also stated. They are leather office chair styled, I kept sliding off of them. Now enough of that, the food: the server: Darren comes around and gives us menus we look it over- I see what I'm ordering- the filet $48, side $9 and I also want an appetizer $18 damn $80 and that's just my meal. Now I'm used to spending this on sushi so I wasn't vexed. My poor husband who until me, wasn't used to spending so much on a meal was sweating. Ha! I'm just kidding, so to be semi fair we order the gumbo $10 split, the bread they have is phenomenal a cross between hawaiian bread & monkey bread, and it gets served one by one for each person.  Kind of annoying because it's that good but it comes out fresh so one can't complain. The gumbo is decent enough for a restaurant such as this. We order the chateaubriand $105 for a beautiful piece of steak, garlic smashed potatoes, and asparagus for two. Bam! Look @ me saving us money. This was our first time having the chateaubriand and this will not be my last, very well seasoned w/ herbs& spices and nice encrusted char. It was more than enough food for two. And @ the end of our meal they brought me a candle lit sorbet sweet treat for the bday girl. Our service was top notch from start to finish. A well worth $200.
Everything was good but not great except the steak!. . We ordered the Chateaubriand, which was very tender, juicy and lean.  Quality was so closed to Wagyu.  I really had that Emeril's BAM feeling after the first bite.. . Lobster Bisque and Gumbo tasted above average.. . Creme Brulee was average.. . On the side note, this restaurant was unusually noisy, don't know why.
Ordered the bone in rib-eye and it was prepared to perfection.  The flavor was amazing. The creamed corn was very delicious as well. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant, not too stuffy.
Just as good the second time around!  Near perfect steak dinner, but not perfect.. . This place is worth a repeat visit.  I really have to compliment the wait staff at this restaurant.  It seemed like there were more workers than patrons the night we were there.  . . Caesar Salad - I was very tempted to order an appetizer, but my gf reminded me we were about to eat over a pound of meat so we decided to share the caesar salad.  It was prepared table side by our waiter.  It was decent and a nice way to prepare my stomach for the main course.. . Bone-in Ribeye - Mine was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  My particular cut was very, very tender.  My gf order the exact same steak and it wasn't nearly as good.  I had to share parts of my steak with her and we took the rest of hers to go.  Hers wasn't bad, it just wasn't as good as mine.  . . Sides - We ordered the creamed corn and asparagus.   The corn was very good.  It had a nice crust on the top and went well with my steak.  The asparagus was pretty plain.  I had to throw salt and pepper on it otherwise it was completely tasteless.  . . Dessert - We ordered the banana cream pie.  I have no idea why we chose it, but I'm glad we did.  I would have usually ordered something chocolaty with ice cream but the banana cream pie sounded good.  Well, it was good.  Really good.  When it came out, I thought it was going to be way too sweet with all the caramel and chocolate shavings, but it wasn't.  We weren't even hungry after our meal, but we managed to put the entire dessert down.  . . Overall, the food was good.  I have to give it 4 stars for the boring asparagus and inconsistent steak.  The wait staff was awesome.  They can have 5 stars.
My boyfriend and I stop in here for dinner quite often while in Las Vegas. Chateaubriand w/ asparagus and au-gratin potatoes is on hit! Incredible wine list and their wait staff is extremely friendly. They don't have late hours like other restaurants, I think they close around 10 or 11pm (which is way early) but still a good place to check out.
First impressions......Unfortunately, Delmonico Steakhouse made a huge mistake when they seated my party of three at the table right in front of the kitchen door with a restaurant that was less than half full.  Offensive and unacceptable.  The hostess ran in one direction and a staff member told us we would have to make ourway back up to the front to deal with this issue when we told them that this would not work for us.  After a word with someone who claimed to be the manager at the front, we were reseated and promptly given complimentary truffle chips (that can solve any bad first impression).  The truffle chips are not to be missed.  . . Service-  Our server eventually warmed up and was pleasant.   He was so caught up in his speeches about different parts of the menu and recommendations, that it took some time to see his true personality.  He was also rushed, which was odd, as we had some menu questions.  . . Food-  The filet was magical.  This is the primary reason that the restaurant got 4 stars.  The creole seasoning and dab of BUTTER on the steak were an amazing and sinful treat.  Really delicious.. . The cheese grits were delicious.  I was a bit less impressed with the creamed spinach.  The waiter said that it was better than CUT's version.  NO WAY!  Underwhelming.
Been here twice for lunch (once today and once during Restaurant Week) and once for dinner a long time ago..... . This review is for today's Lunch experience.. . So... this place exudes Power Lunch without the Noise ambiance...Soft lighting, quiet/hush talking, white table clothes, ultra professional service, a fabulous menu and high prices.  Everyone except me was in a business suit... but like I care.  . . My g-friend ordered sort of offthe menu... the options were on the menu but the way she wanted it prepared was not.  They didn't even bat an eye... they just asked a couple questions to make sure they "did it right".. . She got grilled salmon and steamed / lightly sauteed spinach.... and it came out perfect!  It looked fabulous.. . I just ordered the cobb salad.  I know... I'm boring that way.  But it was a really good cobb salad... the bacon... OH!  The bacon! on my salad was The Best!  Freshly grilled skinny strips of bacon that were juicy and meaty.  I'll order it again just for the bacon "bits".  The avocado was fresh and creamy... the blue cheese crumbles were rich and blue-cheesy.  All in all, a very nice salad.  . . Service was very professional and attentive without being annoying. They filled our iced tea and water without us even noticing.  It was awesome.. . For lunch... it's pricey ... the two of us was $52 w/o tip....but if you want a really, really nice business lunch or a lunch that is NOT noisy, crowded or typical... Go Here.. . I'll be back because they have Lobster Sliders on the menu now... I gotta go back to try these.  :)
16 idiots donning wigs came to Delmonico for a bachelor party dinner.  I had called other steakhouses, but since we had a large party, I was told we had to order from a set menu.  Us clods just wanted a delicious slab of steak, some wine and we'd be happy and Delmonico was there to provide.  The only shortcoming was the wait to take our orders, but once our waiter came, it was all good.  The wait staff had a great sense of humor which added to the night's festivities (hell they were serving a bunch of goofballs).  Of course, the best part was the steak.  Most of us at the table had the bone in ribeye steak.  Let me first say I didn't eat much of anything that day in anticipation of this dinner and we didn't have any appetizers or salads and I STILL couldn't finish off that piece of meat!  My steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and was wonderfully seasoned.  Thanks to Delmonico for tolerating the circus sideshow and cooking up some awesome meat..  and sorry to housekeeping that we ordered 4 orders of asparagus!
The staff, servers (Michael and Co.) went beyond our expectations for service.  We were celebrating our anniversary, and they provided both an appetizer and dessert for free.The atmosphere is casual elegant, not stuffy, but very beautiful in a simple way.  You must try the Caesar salad, made for two at the table, AMAZING!!  We both had a steak, my NY Strip not quite as flavorful as partner's Rib Eye, which was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten.  The entire meal experience was unforgettable, and the pricetag, although steep, was worth it. We will return.
A great place for steaks.
Consistent food - great atmosphere. Clearly a great place to bring clients. . Service was ok , friendly and efficent
So overall the food was amazing - we had shrimp and biscuit for appetizer with a delicious romaine salad, then filet mignon. The bread was to die for, the ambiance, and service were excellent...why not 5? . . My steak was overcooked...I ordered medium, it was well...and this is a steak house. However, everything else was very well prepared and delicious. I will give them another try my next time in vegas!
bone in rib eye is amazing.... everything else is pedestrian..
f you are going to eat here the only suggestion as mentioned before is to go with the Porterhouse. You will not regret it! At $85 the price is a bit of a turn off and there are other nice cuts available around a $50 range. Although, at 32 oz and being one of the best steaks I ever had in my life it was well worth it. Service was also fairly good although not superb. Very professional staff but during the busy dinner hours are not the most attentive.. . I made my reservations well in advance on the Venetian website and did not have to wait a minute to be seated.
I came here for my Bros Bachelor party and we had a party of 5. I made a reservation on opentable.com while i was at work and it was very convenient! We walked over here on saturday night around 6 to start the night off right with a good steak dinner. This place came highly recommended from a friend. . . The restaurant was overly amazing. It was clean and dimly light like most steak places. The waiters were knowledgeable and prompt with their service. I got kind of a pretentious vibe from our waiter which was a little off putting. But it didnt bother me too much.. . I ordered the Filet Mignon medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I was very impressed. The steak was soft and flavorful and melted in my mouth. The side dishes were just ok. We ordered broccoli, creamed spinach, and fingerling potatoes. I wasnt impressed by the sides all that much. Not extremely flavorful but still decent.. . We also ordered a $200 bottle of wine which was the most expensive wine i have drank before. I didnt knowmuch about it, the winery was called Mastery and it was a red wine. My bro ordered it not me and it was really good! It was listed on the last page of the wine menu and was $40 a glass, but we ordered a bottle for the table. i wish i figured out what wine it was but it was really really good.. . This is a good spot for a vegas dinner and a great way to start the night! i would definitely check out some other places before i come back here but i recommend it!
Came here on vacation after a four hour drive from Los Angeles. We didn't change out of our road trip clothes but there was no judgement. The servers were always around and very friendly. The bread was amazing, never had one exactly like it before. We started with the truffle chips which were amazing! The chips aren't 100% evenly cooked/flavored but they were totally worth taking the leftovers to our hotel room. They didn't get all soggy the next day. For my meal we had the lobster sliders. When I took a bite it was something I didn't except at all but it was still delicious. LOTS of lobster meat as well. The bread is warm but the meat is cool and it blends well together instead of clashing. We were too full after that but would love to come back and try some more items.
Cant complain here. The service was excellent and the food was great. If you are staying at the Venetian or the Pallazo(spelling), its an easy walk through the casino. You never have to leave the hotel.. . What I would recommend, the BBQ shrimp as an appetizer, the bone-in Rib-eye as your main, mushrooms, and asparagus as sides. Never got to dessert because the hand cut steaks are huge. Steaks are cooked to perfection.. . If you are in the mood for a nice steak, go here, you cant go wrong.
Soo pricey but what a delicious meal.  My filet was a perfect medium rare and the spices they had for the charring made it one of the best steaks i've had in my life
The food was excellent and the service was phenomenal.  Price was outrageous!
Delmonico's does not disappoint. Its a classic, upscale steakhouse with absolutely fantastic food. I go to Vegas every Memorial Day weekend and every year I pick a different Vegas steakhouse for one of my dinners. Last year was Cut and I was EXTREMELY disappointed. Delmonico however was fabulous. I had the lettuce wedge salad and the filet oscar and both were absolutely delicious. My husband had the spinach frisee salad and the filet au poivre and he also really enjoyed them. The food, atmosphere, everything was just fabulous! The only thing to be aware of is that its VERY expensive-- the filet oscar was $70! But its Vegas and its Emeril and its a fantasic restaurant so its well worth it for a night out.  I will definitely be back.
The lamb is delicious! The atmosphere is wonderful and the service is excellent!
Had dinner here and was pleased.  I had the bone in Rib-Eye and it was fantastic.  Had the smashed potatoes as a side and they were pretty bland, expected a little more.  And also had creme brulee for dessert which was perfect.  Overall it is very pricey, but had one of the best steaks I have eaten here so was worth it in my book.
I usually love Delmonicos but my last trip kept me wanting more. Maybe I was too hungover to thoroughly enjoy my meal, but on this blurry Saturday night everything was very mediocre for me. We started off with the steak tartare and the bbq shrimp. The steak tartare was very good. It was fresh, clean and delicious. The bbq shrimp was good, but for $18 for 4 shrimps, I wanted them to be a party in my mouth, and in this case, they were not. I ordered a medium rare rib eye. It was cooked to absolute perfection. Nice crust and juicy pink center. I marveled at the perfection of my steak. Although it was slightly under seasoned it was still juicy and delicious.. . Delmonico's is probably one of the best if not thee best steakhouses I've been to. Their service is spectacular and on point every time I've been. They really do hire the best of the best. Attentive but not overbearing servers.  Delmonicos puts out some amazing and good quality food. If you go, you must try their lobster bisque, it's luscious, creamy and definitely worth the calories. Potato gratin is definitely one of their best sides also. And of course, don't every steer from what you came for, the STEAK!. . Emeril, you slightly let me down this time, but I still remember how good you've been to me the last times. I'll be back to let you redeem yourself.
Huge portions of meat, satisfying sides and about 4 servers who tend to your every need.  Great!. . Sure the bill was a bit much, but I think that in addition to paying for the Emeril name, you are paying for the stellar service.  Once in a while - this works for me!  A man pushing in my chair, another refilling my water and another taking the cover off my plate - wow.. . We had an array of dishes:  the bone in steak, pork chops, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach.  The sides look small, but they fill you up and you can share them family style.  Funny, my mom got seared scallops which was a small plate, but they were so delicious!  We had these large plates of meat and we were picking off her dish.  LOL.  Everything was great,  I wasn't expecting something amazing, but we did feel full and like we got a good meal.  . . The dessert was just okay.  We got the bread pudding and coffee. It is good to go to Vegas and try new places are there are so many quality restaurants.  Def glad I went!
Food was excellent!  Obviously pricey, but I knew that in advance. . Service was a little slow getting started, seemed like waitress had too many tables, but then got better. . Loved everything.  Potato au gratin was a bit overly garlicky, and I love garlic.  I couldnt really eat them.. Had a fabulous Malbec, Loca Linda.  . . no fears about going again!
Truffle and Parm Chips are a must have.. . The little dinner rolls they pass out are awesome!. . Lobster bisque was good, seafood chowder was good.. . Bone-in Rib-eye was tasty. Cooked well, flavored well.. . Pork chop was pretty whatevers though. Probably can skip out on that one.
Looking for a good steakhouse while in Vegas we found this place in our hotels restaurant guide. Being a celebrity chefs place I had my doubts but will always try something at least once. Delmonico did not disappoint, they delivered on par excellent service and quality food in a classy but intimate ambiance. We have already arranged to go back in the coming Vegas trip. The steaks, as you would expect, were above expectations in taste, searing, and quality of beef. Most importantly in order to enjoy a good meal you need impeccable service along with it. It was the kind of service that is very professional and classy but in a way that makes you feel welcome and comfortable, not stiff and robotic. Its an experience you have to try for yourself that you won't regret. The NY strip will turn a vegetarian!
Banana Cream Pie was to die for. I don't even like bananas. I've had dreams about that pie for two nights in a row.. . Grilled cheese was okay. Lobster Bisque was EXCELLENT. Server had no personality. Tomato soup was good. Burger was alright. Lobster sliders were good. French fries came out cold, so we sent them back and they were very promptly replaced with fresh, hot ones. . . Get the pie. Trust me.
My Husband took me here for our anniversary dinner. We arrived early at five because we had theatre tickets and had made dinner reservations accordingly.  The restaurant is beautiful with cream walls, rock wood and glass throughout with romantic lighting the evening was looking good. We ordered starters Crab Cakes for my husband nice crispy well seasoned crab I love a crab cake that is more crab then filler and this one was that. I ordered the steak tartar because I've never had it and wanted to be daring. I have to say I was scared lol but it was so worth it. Wonderful crisp toasted baguettes with rich beef capers oil and seasoning and spicy mustard sauce  this has got to be one of the best dishes I've ever eaten and a must try. We then followed this with Lobster bisque  rich warm and creamy with plenty of lobster one of my favorite lobsters bisques definitely.  I had the petite iceberg lettuce wedges a nice take on the classic salad with Wisconsin blue cheese buttermilk dressing homemade apple wood bacon and just the right amount of red onion really tangy. For our entree we had chosen to go with the  Chateaubriand for two. They carve it tableside and serve it with asparagus and garlic potatoes The sides were actually very good but the meat was just ok nothing special and more red then I care for We had also ordered a side of sauteed garlic wild mushrooms which were also just ok I've had better versions of both these dishes. On to dessert we were bad and ordered two. The Chocolate root beer float which was not that great I guess we just didn't care for the ginger and chocolate flavors together so we didn't finish this one but the banana cream pie was like biting into heaven little shavings of chocolate rich sweet whipped cream bananas and sweet rich caramel sauce make up this dish and it's worth every calorie that's probably packed into it. So splurge and have it it's amazing. The wait staff was amazing making sure you never wanted for anything and that everything went smoothly and the wine selection and service was top notch. Definitely worth the splurge
The service here is VERY mixed.  The first time I came (months ago), the host/hostess was NOWHERE to be found for like 10 minutes when I arrived for my party's reservation.  Then once someone was at the front desk, she totally ignored my existence and we stood there for another ten minutes.  Then some guy finally comes and I'm like I had reservations for so and so time and he is like I'm sorry, we just had a large party come in so there may be a bit of a wait.  . . OK?  That was a first.  I was expecting a little more attentiveness from a restaurant like this.  And it was kind off-putting to have had reservations at a restaurant of this calibre not honored.  We were told to wait in the bar area, where we were not even offered so much as a glass of water, and then ignored for another 15 minutes by the hostess until we decided to leave.. . THE NEXT DAY, someone calls me and is like you missed your reservation last night.  Um NO, we were there and waited for about 45 minutes and left.  Then he was apologetic and offered to comp our dinner if we were to come back, but I was flying out that day and had to decline that offer.  Then he proceeded to ask for my address so that they could send a gift card.  I was like ok sure.. . I was surprised that the gift card was for as much as it was.  It was very generous of them.. . On to the visit where Iactually got to eat!. . The mister and I came during lunch time on a Sunday.  Again, the hostess was nowhere to be found for the first 5 minutes or so.  Then she comes out and is like there is going to be a wait (I had reservations, yet again.)  So we sat at the bar, where the very attentive (and I guess new) bartender proceeded to hand us menus.  Then we were like ehh we'll just eat at the bar.  A couple minutes later, the hostess was finally like oh ok are you guys eating here?. . We started with the Potato Chips with Truffle Oil and Parmesan MMMMM!!  For my entree, I had the Gulf Shrimp with fettucine and preserved lemon.  The shrimp was very juicy and fresh-tasting.  The bartender, who ended up being pretty much our server was very nice, attentive, and actually really fun to talk to.. . So despite the initial situation, four stars for the delicious food, service at the bar, and the lengths the management went to make up for the mistake.
Highty recommend the Chateaubriand steak to share  -- it was melt in your mouth delicious!  It was priciest of teh 3 restaurants we ate at over the long weekend but by far the best service.
4.5 out of 5 Stars.  Being an Emeril Lagasse restaurant, you had to expect the best.  . . One of my previous reviews of an expensive steakhouse stated that I could not imagine paying outrageous prices for a steak considering there are only so many ways that you can prepare it.  With that being said I still believe that is true, however I did not pay for my dinner this night since it was for Business :).  . . Delmonico's is located in The Venetian Resort and Casino right across from the Mirage.  I have always thought the Venetian was one of the more classy places to go in Vegas and Delmonico's was no different.  We called ahead to put our names in for an 8:00pm reso but we got there early at 7.  Some of us were dressed in shorts and flip flops, but since it was Vegas I think thats why we got away with it.  After checking in they said they could seat us early and to take a seat at the bar to relax.  After ordering a few drinks, we were seated promptly by a very friendly hostess.  (On a side note, they have an extensive Scotch list which includes some very rare 100 yr old Scotch's for $150-200 a pop).  We sat down towards the kitchen and was greeted by a stunning blonde waitress...I believe her name was Dale, but I could be mistaken.  . . We took a look at the menu and this place is not cheap.  You are looking at around 50 bucks for a steak.  Most of us ordered the Ribeye which is my favorite cut of meat and you can either get it bone-in or not bone-in...22oz or 16oz respectively. We started off with BBQ shrimp which is what they are known for and Ahi Tuna and Salmon Tartare.  Both of these were fantastic.  Our steaks came out quickly and they were cooked perfectly.  The sides here are a la carte and each could easily feed at least 4 people.  We got the garlic mashed potatoes and it too was quite delicious.. . All in all this place was amazing....They have a team of people, 3 to a table, to make sure your water is always filled, bread is on your plate, and that you have everything you would need.  . . I was mesmerized by our waitress and was inspired to tell her that she was stunningly beautiful.  She was an excellent waitress too haha.  . . If you are looking for a good restaurant in Vegas I would definitely give this one a try.  Be prepared to spend some money, but it was well worth it.
** 100th Review ** . . I had been anticipating this lunch for a few days. Delmonico has been a favorite of mine but I hadn't dined there for a year. And, I was meeting esteemed London Yelper Yee Gan O., who was on one of his dining and roller coaster trips across America. Talking with Yee Gan was great. In fact, our conversation was so animated that our server asked if we wanted him to remain away, because we were discussing business. I told him that it wasn't business we were discussing, and he was thus welcome to hover over us. But, besides the consistency of the Bearnaise Sauce, the one complaint I have is that on this outing the waitstaff did not come close to hovering. I had to ask for a second roll, Iced Tea refills occurred but not too frequently, and an empty butter dish remained empty. This was in sharp contrast to my earlier visits to Delmonico where I could barely get a glass down to half full before it was refilled, and when a new roll appeared as soon as an old one disappeared. The restaurant was not very crowded at all, so being too busy could not legitimately account for the laggard service. It wasn't so much our server but our assistant server who fell down on the job. He was responsible for refilling glasses, resupplying rolls, and making sure sufficient butter was available on the table. . . Now on to the meal itself! My Lobster Bisque was very smooth, creamy, and flavorful, with a few morsels of sweet lobster to nibble on as garnish. It was all I hoped for! The Caesar Salad that followed was better than I expected. It was very tasty, with very fresh Romaine lettuce leaves and long croutons that when broken spread cheesy garlic flavor all over the lettuce, to join with the Parmesan splinters that were liberally spread over all. It was an excellent dish! . . My Filet Mignon looked forlorn on the plate. Only a large pat of Maitre D' Butter appeared beside it. A little pink blood was also pooled on the plate beneath the meat, which to me was a good sign. The Prime grade Filet was cooked almost all medium rare to order, but a few spots were closer to medium, and the steak was more peppery than I prefer. Otherwise it tasted very good. It could have tasted even better had I not forgotten to order Bearnaise Sauce until the steak arrived at our table. That was my fault, and it probably contributed to the drama that followed. But the Filet on my plate was not a $50 steak, which is what I paid for it. For that price--especially at lunch--I expect the Filet to be great. This one was very good but not great. Its size was not listed, but it was no more than 8 oz. . . Our server immediately put in the order for Bearnaise Sauce, but it did not arrive for several minutes. He then made a point of telling me that the chef makes Bearnaise Sauce to order, and was preparing a new batch for me. A few minutes later, as I chipped away at more steak without any sauce, still no sauce had appeared. So I ate more of my steak, which was at least still tasty standing on its own. Then the Bearnaise Sauce at last arrived, but it was runny and not very flavorful. It looked like it needed to set longer, so I left it alone for about two minutes, but the consistency remained thin after then. Again, my tardiness in ordering the sauce probably caused the chef to rush its preparation, so I take partial responsibility for an imperfect Bearnaise on this occasion. Let this be a lesson to all diners: Order Bearnaise Sauce when you order your steak--not when it arrives! . . As I ate my steak, I looked longingly at Yee Gan's Lobster Sliders, which looked delectable. But I'll let him report on that as well as the Traditional New Orleans Gumbo that he also ordered, which looked delicious as well, and that I have enjoyed before. But Delmonico is first and foremost a steakhouse, and I wanted to review one of its steaks. (However, I may slip in again soon and order Lobster Sliders on my next lunch outing there.) . . My side of Country Smashed Potatoes was a smash hit, with creamy red-skinned potatoes with a little of the skin showing, a few circles of green onion sprinkled on top, and including some very tasty lumps of potato that quickly dissolved in the mouth. I was going to take the remaining uneaten half of this quite large side dish home, it tasted so good--but forgot to do so, for which I am still kicking myself. For dessert, Yee Gan and I split a generous slice of Emeril's renowned Banana Cream Pie, which was top-heavy with Whipped Cream, filled with luscious pieces of banana, and also bedecked with Chocolate Shavings and Caramel Sauce. As I savored each bite, I tried to conjure up how to best describe the taste of this concoction, and one word stood out: "heavenly." The only comparable Banana Cream Pie I have eaten is the last one I had at Delmonico. And, this one was better by a shaving. . . Overall, a very good lunch with great company!
Another great steakhouse in Las Vegas (I think almost all of them are great, and it all depends on what style you are looking for). This is a chain restaurant so some might be skeptical, but overall I think this is one of the better restaurants of the chain (as I have been to several of the Delmonico restaurants). The service was great as usual and for the price point of the steak, I think one of the more affordable steakhouses in Las Vegas for what you get. . . The bone-in rib eye - cooked to perfect medium rare and the one thing that Delmonico's adds to their steaks is a big chunk of herb butter that just adds so much more flavor to the steak (although you know its bad for you, you just want more!). . . Sides - great for sharing and we had the mixed mushrooms, creamed spinach and creamed corn. Not the best sides that I've had, but they were good.. . Overall, a great option for a steakhouse in The Venetian and in Las Vegas.
Just returned from Vegas.  This was my fourth time at Delmonico's - it does not disappoint.  The bone-in ribeye is a must, as is the creamed spinach.  If you love pecan pie, their personalizied pecan pie desert is probably the best desert I have ever had in a restaurant.. . The quality of the food and service are supurb.  A nice meal for two (without alcohol) including tip will generally be around $150.00.  Very pricey, but a great meal.  . . The only knock on Delmonico's is the noise.  I love the food, but the general restaurant space feels a biit crowded and is a lot noisier than I would like.  There are some private rooms for larger parties, which would improve the experience.  I don't know if it is the setup of the restaurant or the acoustics in the space, but the restaurant is just too noisy for me.  If it was a quieter and more intimate setting, it would definately be 5 stars.  However, I will be back.  I can always count on a great meal here.. . I have been at Delmonico's in parties of two, four and 12.  If you are in a large group the restaurant becomes a 5 star - lots of fun, and the noise will not be an issue (chances are that your party will be making most of the noise).. . Go whenever you have a chance - great experience.
Bone In Ribeye!!!!  Nuff said.....
This is a steak house/sports bar. I had the rib eye. It was grilled exactly how I ordered it....med rare. Lots of tv's to enjoy any sports event. Overall a very nice place, can't wait to go back!
Ate at kitchen table for 40th birthday. Great experience. The sous chef was a little nervous but the sommelier was great. Definitely get the wine pairing. Filet mignon with mushrooms and foie gras was a great combination of flavors. Desserts are amazing. Thanks Delmonico!
We decided to pay Delmonico another visit after how successful our first experience was.  This time we only had a party of 4 (last time we had a party of at least 20).  The service of course was still great.. . We started with the tuna/salmon tar tare - wasn't mediocre but still good. . The men ordered the bone-in rib eyes and the ladies ordered the petite rib eye special - that came with a marrow/wine sauce over the steaks in place of butter.  My husband and I both ordered ours medium-rare, the other pair ordered theirs medium.  When we received our steaks, they ended up giving everyone the wrong steaks.  The other couple seemed to have enjoyed our medium-rare steaks though!. . We ended our dinner sharing 2 desserts, the banana creme pie and creme brulee - both were yummy.. . Outside of our mixed up orders, we will definitely be back.  Their steaks melt like butta!
No.. . Go to the original in NYC. Food's good but no. Stop.. . If you really need to go to a steakhouse that you want to remind yourself of another time and city, try Capitol Grille or Smith and Wolenski.. . This? No. . . Again, good food, but no.
Went there for my father's 80th birthday.  Excellent.  My parents both ordered the fillet mignon, which was very flavorful.  The butter on top helps.  I got the fillet medallions.  I found the sauce and crust to be slightly too overpowering on the fillet, but it was still very good.  Our waiter, Frank, was very personable and made us feel right at home.
You know the expression about sailors having a woman in every port. Well, on my recent trip to the USA, I had Yelpers in every town to host, entertain and amuse!. . Vegas Elite Dennis T was my lunch companion when I was in town. Not only was he gracious enough to clear some time in his busy schedule to have lunch with me but I was honoured that he made our meal together his 100th review. . Dennis gave me a list of tempting options for lunch. I had to watch how much I was going to have for lunch as I had a dinner reservation at Raku that evening for the kaiseki menu but the lobster sliders at Delmonico caught my eye, so that was my choice.. . I had a nice time wandering through the Venetian on my way to Delmonico. The size and scale of U.S. buildings in general amaze me but the Venetian is certainly very ornate and I enjoyed looking at the menus while walking down restaurant row on the way to Delmonico. . I instantly recognised Dennis from his Yelp picture and like all the Yelpers I've met, conversation flowed like we were old friends. So much so that unusually for Yelpers, we were chatting so much that ordering took awhile as we hadn't look at the menu the first few times that our waiter approached to take our order. . The restaurant is certainly decked out to appeal to the higher end of customer. It was a quiet lunch service when we dined and while it provided a good ambiance for chatting, I perhaps didn't see Delmonico as the busy celebrity chef steakhouse that it is.. . I had already decided on my main course of lobster sliders and using my personal rule of taking the opportunity of eating foods that I don't come across often, I paired that with an appetiser of traditional New Orleans gumbo. I'm not in any position to comment on the authenticity of the gumbo but as Emeril Lagasse started his celebrated celebrity chef trail with his first restaurant Emeril's in New Orleans, I'm guessing he can cook a good gumbo. Mine was certainly pungent with a great depth of flavour from a carefully stock. Being Asian, I was also impressed to see that the rice had been cooked well. . Dennis was pleased with his appetiser of lobster bisque followed by Caesar salad. . It may seem odd to eschew steak at a steakhouse. However, I've always liked the sound of lobster roll but still haven't tried one yet. I saw these lobster sliders as the nearest I could get until I make my trip to the northeast to try a real lobster roll. Well, the sliders were excellent - soft rolls containing morsels of sweet lobster meat mixed with the right amount of mayonnaise and seafood dressing.. . Dennis however wasn't quite as lucky with his fillet steak, which arrived looking rather lonely on the plate. Dennis decided to order some bearnaise to correct this loneliness but it took a long time to appear and when it did, it seemed a bit watery.. . In an effort to not be too piggy, Dennis and I split the banana cream pie. Well, the combination of banana, pie, whipped cream, caramel and chocolate shavings pleased my palate probably more than my arteries! I don't have a really sweet tooth but I really enjoyed this. . Dennis was kind enough to give a lift back to my hotel down the Strip, which gave me a good touristy view of the sights. . A friendship sealed. A celebrity chef ticked off. Lobster sliders consumed. A most successful lunch rendezvous indeed!
Delmonico's is a very good steak house. We had an excellent meal and the bone-in ribeye was huge and pretty flavorful. The filet was tender and delicious. The sides were very good (really loved the mushrooms) and leave room for the banana cream pie. . . Great service, staff willing to help you with their extensive wine list and the bar served great drinks. . . I did think it was pricey though - there are many other excellent steak houses in Vegas so it' really doesn't stand out. Not to damn them with faint praise of course.
Yummy!  Sometimes, all a man needs is a good steak and some...., ummm, never mind about the latter. . . Emeril knows how to make a good bone in ribeye, and I was not at all disappointed with my choice of restaurant and menu items to officially blow the diet. . . I had the bone in ribeye (get this!), an asparagus side with tender and perfectly prepared spears and a truly unique appetizer - fried polenta with seared ahi tuna, a red(ish) sauce, and arugula pesto with super fresh cole (cabbage?, Mustard?Broccoli? - not surewhich ) vegetable sprouts sprinkled on top. . . The overall effect was - 'win!'.   Eat here.
I was (again) lucky enough to have lunch here to participate in an IT seminar for my place of employment.  When has a free steak ever turned me down?. . Delmonico was no exception, good food!  I had wanted to try this place before but eating like a king on a pauper's salary just didn't cut it.  Emeril has done a great job with his steakhouse here in Las Vegas.. . The presenters for this IT seminar were smart, they decided to make us go though a big chunk of their product presentation BEFORE letting us start to partake in our steak lunch.  That was smooth guys...make us sweat it out!  But the payoff was pretty good.  Our menu was one created by the folks doing the seminar, it was a nice three-course meal.. . We started off with Delmonico's Organic Baby Mixed Greens Salad - topped with creole spiced croutons, shaved manchego cheese, teardrop tomatoes, shaved red onions, and a sherry vinaigrette.  Excellent salad, light, tart, salty, and the croutons and red onions (I love them raw if they're sliced really thin) gave it some nice crunch.. . Next we had the choice of either a steak or salmon.  Seeing as I was in a steakhouse and that I-like-a-the-beef, I naturally went for a steak.  On the menu was a petite ribeye - which was charbroiled USDA prime aged, creole seasoned, and topped with butter.  Got mine in a nice medium rare.  Boy oh boy, was this a winner!  Tender, succulent, cooked right, a nice kick from the creole seasoning, excellent I say.  I usually like a steak sauce with my steak...but alas, I did not need it!  I sopped up every last bit of the beefy goodness.  The side of Country Smashed Potatoes were good too, but you can guarantee I kept my focus on that lil' slice of heavenly ribeye!  It's up there with one of the most tastiest steaks I've had, and this was only a mini-me of the full size!  I took a look at some of the other diners steaks that weren't in on our seminar, and they were huge!  Delmonico definitely puts out a lot of meat for the money.. . We ended the menu with a chocolate tart of some sort, I cannot fully remember it off the top of my head because I really wasted most of my brain power consuming that steak.  But yes, that tart must have been pretty good because I do remember finishing that as well!. . Quickly looking at the actual menu, Delmonico is on par with pricing as other steakhouses in the area.  Most steaks are hitting the $40-50 range, sides are around $9 a pop, with desserts around $10.  Not cheap so if you're going here make sure it's a special occasion!  But then again, if you are rich I guess everyday would be a special occasion.
Everything I had was great - lobster bisque and filet.  Although all the dishes Could probably be a little less buttery/heavy, I would recommend and return.
I been to SW steakhouse, CUT and Craftsteak in vegas. Delmonicos ranks right up there with those 3 steakhouses.. attire here is business casual.. service is spectacular. water and soda glasses were always filled and hot warm bread every 5-10 minutes brought out to us. . if you go, you must get the TRUFFLE CHIPS for an appetizer. AMAZING MOUTHWATERING omg... $10 for a big batch of chips.. My bone in ribeye was awesome. my friend's filet mignon was superb and his gf's salmon was good.. . that being said, i only give this place 4 stars because my baked potato and friends doubled stuffed potatoe were a bit dry. maybe i will try the polenta next time?
Great steaks, great service and the banana cream pie was over the top.
They are known for their bone-in ribeye so I had to try that.  I ordered mine medium rare and it was a little undercooked but still very tasty.  The steak was good but not the best I've had.  What was really amazing was the white fish.  This was the first time I tried the white fish and I will order this again.  I also tried the New Orleans bbq shrimp which was good and the au gratin potatoes.  The sides are huge and we had a hard time finishing one side.  Service was excellent and the restaurant had a nice modern contemporary look which I liked.  Overall, a good steakhouse and I had a good experience here.
My favorite LV restaurant; they can do no wrong with any beef or pork dish. The last time I was in Las Vegas, I dined there twice in three days, the menu makes it easy to do that.   Great salads and app's too.   The wine list is fantastic and the pricing not that bad considering this is Vegas in the Venetian.
the food was good. The service was good. The ambiance needs lots of work.
Decided we'd give this a try as we frequent many of Houston's steak joints regularly.  Definitely did not disappoint.  Prices were a little higher then I think they should have been, but suitable given the restaurant and area.  Maybe Houston's just a better value for food, I don't know.  Doesn't matter anyway... . We started with an heirloom tomato salad which was quite good.  Truffle and parm chips were delicious as well and certainly something I've looked to duplicate at home.  Buffalo ribeye was a good change of pace as well from the typical Texas steak house offerings.  Really enjoyed the wine reduction with that.  Also sampled the filet which was pretty standard, well done however.. . Wine selection was also fairly reasonable with options for everyone.
Pretty good steak
Fancy! =). . Well, I must admit that my husband does know how to pick them. We went here for dinner during our weekend getaway and I was not disappointed. The style and ambiance is very simple and chic. If I may add another word - classy.. The service was impeccable! The waiters (we had 3), were so welcoming and genuinely interested in how they could make our stay there memorable. So that's always a big plus for me (i do not like snooty waiters). . The food was great! Not the best I've tasted but still up there =). I had the white fish with lump crab and it was delicious! The fish was soft and not chewy at all and the crab definitely complimented the slight saltiness of the fish. Great find!. The New orleans bbq shrimp were a tad too salty for my taste, but nevertheless, delicious.. I would've definitely ordered dessert, but I was so full that I just couldn't get myself to do it. . In any case, I had a wonderful time and I must implore you to try it if you are ever at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas (did that sound classy??? eh i tried). Lol.. Bottom line: go for it!
Our group of 14 was staying at the Venetian and Delmonicos was our pick for a nice fancy dinner. Since we had a night full of drinking ahead of us, we definitely didn't want to over-stuff our stomachs so each couple agreed to share a steak along with lots of appetizers and sides. . . To start off, some of us had the salmon and tuna tartare, wedged salad, baked oysters, french escargot, shrimp cocktail, and lobster bisque. They were all quite tasty! . . The BF and I shared a Bone-in Ribeye. Asked for medium rare but it came out medium well. I was disappointed since I really hate eating well done meat. Luckily the flavoring itself was pretty delicious or I'd definitely have to have it recooked. I also had an addition of seared Foie Gras as well - which was the absolute BEST part of my meal. The flavoring and texture was perfect and after my last bite, I found myself wanting more still!. . Along with our main entree, we had an order of almost every side they had listed on their dinner menu: buttered asparagus, buttered broccoli, creamed spinach, sauteed garlic mushrooms, mash potatoes, creamed corn gratinee, and potato gratin. All the sides are meant to be shared family style and a scoop of each was more than plentiful to compliment your main course. I loved the creamed corn the most. . . As full I already was, I saw expresso creme brulee on their dessert menu so of course I couldn't pass up on that. Glad I didn't either bc it was fantastic!. . Service was excellent and our three waiters were extremely attentive and helpful throughout our entire meal. Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience. . . 3.5 stars because my steak came out medium well instead of medium rare, but because the service was superb, 4 stars it is! Next time, get my steak right please =)
I was over here for dinner the other night.  It took a while to get seated on a busy Saturday night, so we hung out at the lounge for a bit.  Once we were seated though, the service was pretty good, as well as the setting.  It wastoo loud as far as ambiance goes, but it wasn't too invasive.  . . We grabbed the Stuffed Pork Trotter, which by itself could be an entree as opposed to the appetizer.  After we were "stuffed" with the pork trotter, we proceeded on to the main course.  I grabbed the boneless rib-eye, which was very intimidating.  I also shared some sides of spinach and mashed potatoes.  All of the main entree items were excellent, though I was too full to finish the rib-eye.. . This place is probably one of the better steakhouses I've been to in a long while, despite the prices, which I was fine with paying.  Bring an empty stomach, but a full wallet.
Had dinner here about a year ago. Great service, good ambience. I ordered the Colorado Rack of Lamb, it was delicious. Also a bonus; sizable, clean restrooms.
Very good steak house.  . . Good service and food was well prepared.. . Good location if you are going to a Venetian show.. . The only reason it did not get 5 stars is the price.  I have eaten at other steak houses in Vegas with equivilant or better steaks for less price.. . Will go back if I am staying at the Venetian for sure.  Especially if someone else is paying.
Came here for a celebration, the only reason I chose this place was because I am a HUGE fan of banana cream pie, and all the reviews on here were raving about it. So I figured why not?! . . Right away, you realize that this place is trying to be something special. I say trying because it doesn't quite get it right. You do have 2 servers, and they pay attention to every little detail, which is great. I mean I was only thinking that i needed another iced tea, and before I could signal for one, the server had one ready for me. Great!!!. . However, I got the feeling everyone was trying a little to hard, I could tell only because everyone was so nervous and stumbling either over their words or the presentation of the food. . . Food wise, the food was GREAT! The steak was literally falling apart, I didn't even have to use any force at all to cut my filet. It was like thick beef jerky, if you can imagine that!!!. . Highly Recommended!!!!
Had a very nice birthday dinner here and really, really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is simple and classic, it occurred to me that they were striving to feature the food with such simple ambiance, and they succeeded. . . The service was fantastic, we had a team of servers for our party of 6 and we did not wait for a single thing throughout dinner. They did manage to find that balance between being attentive and hovering, it was perfect. Hubby and I had the table side prepared Cesar salad and it was excellent. For dinner I had the rare filet and I really enjoyed it, and the table shared the grits (my personal favorite of the entire dinner), spinach and mushrooms. For desert we had the peppermint profiteroles, which were so so (I'm not a big peppermint fan though). . . I really enjoyed dinner and highly recommend it for a nice dinner in Vegas.
I really liked Delmonico.  It's a bit pricey, but not unusual given the quality and location in the Venetian.  I especially loved the lobster bisque - definitely try it.  The Ahi Tuna Tartar was pretty good, but not a must get.  My friend and I shared the Chateaubriand filet, which was perfectly done and delicious.  Highly recommended!  . . And, as icing on the cake, they have an incredible scotch list.  . . They are able to accommodate large groups, which is nice - but even with a reservation, our wait was an hour, which is unacceptable - minus one star.. . I've grown to like Vegas more and more as I've learned that they have something for everyone - great food, shows, clubs, gambling, outdoor activities, pools, shopping, etc.  Delmonico is a great addition to the already outstanding food selection in Vegas.
Wonderful experience, food was fantastic and our Waiter, Lamont was top notch.
Delmonico is another place that I've eaten at a number of times (over a span of close to 10 years), and it is always consistently fantastic.  The food, especially the steak, is always wonderful; however, the menu does not change often.  Thankfully, with items like the gumbo on the list, the stale menu isn't as big a problem as it could be at other fine dining establishments.  As you would expect, the steaks are incredible, and Delmonico is home to my favorite filet in Vegas.  The dessert leave a bit to be desired, but I am generally way to full to be bothered with dessert anyways.. . The service here can be hit and miss, and it seems to depend on where in the restaurant you are seated - up front by the entrance and you're being hounded by a swarm of waiters, runners, and sommeliers, while if you're seated toward the back of the restaurent, you tend to be a bit underserved.  The atmosphere is definitely a bit stuffy, but that doesn't stop the occasional jackass in a football jersey or cowboy hat from sitting down at the table next to you.  . . Overall a great restaurant, however I would recommend Table 10 in the Palazzo.  Table 10, another Emeril establishment, is far less stuffy and has a very similar menu and food quality, at about two-thirds the cost of Delmonico.
Bread pudding and bone in rib eye and wine makes it 5 stars but the sides are so so ... Good not exceptional more to come...Finished dinner- still reminiscing about the bread pudding....its creamy, not to sweet, enough raisins, and ice on top- w/ pecan candied crunch- perfection.  the bone in rib eye is good- not the best I have ever had.  The reason being the ration of fat to meat was a little high- i do like marbled fat in the steak but when 1/3 of the steak is fat...i couldn't eat it w/o thinking of clogging my arteries.  Wine was exception- the Italy-"Vertigo" was yummy.  The best experience for me was spending it w/ my girl-riends esp for her 30th B-day! the service makes you feel grown up and independent!.  Enjoy!
This place won't blow up the sky with "it's the best ever" fireworks but it is more than just a sparkler during the fourth of July.  . . The must order dish.... . Lobster Bisque....probably the best I have ever had.  Consider this the m80 of the meal exploding with flavor and a generous mound of Lobster.. . The crab was good but nothing to oooh and aaaah over.  The steak was good too but I wasn't jumping up and down with excitement.  As for the side dishes...the gratin potatoes and the mushrooms were by far the best.  Our table tried almost all of them and those two would be the ones I would dive into.. . The other guests felt everything was a little over seasoned.  I didn't get that but I am also borderline billy goat with my love of the salt.. . What gives this place 4 stars is the service.  The staff was awesome.. . Light the fuse of your tastebuds at this tasty steakhouse if you are craving an old school steak dinner with amazing service.
This was the best steak dinner I have had in Vegas hands down.  The portions are HUGE so you will leave very full.  The caprese salad was really good and the steak was amazing.  I was not so impressed with their dessert menu.  I would definitely come back.  My only complaint was that a meal takes a while at this place so be prepared for a leisurely dinner here.
This is a good steakhouse.  They use an Italian spice on their meat.  I'm generally not a fan of strong spices on meats but it was still good.  I had the strip and it was cooked perfectly.  Great service all around.  The sommelier was very polite and knowledgeable.  He recommend the perfect bottle of wine.  Reservations would be recommended.
Three words. De-lic-ious. Ribeye. Yes Please. Great wait staff.  Oysters to start, wedge salad. 'nough said. If Emeril Lagasse put's his name on it...well chances are you'll enjoy it.
Excellent food and service. The only thing I did not love was the egg on my Wilted Spinach & Frisee salad. It was poached and then coated with bread crumbs and fried which cooked the yolk completly. Not good on this type of salad. Try the creamed corn it is delicious.
Almost perfect except when they screwed up my steak order and made it well instead of medium. Staff was very understanding and quickly replaced my steak with the correct order (seriously, my table mates maybe got another one or two bites in before I had a new plate...so quick!) otherwise everything went well. At the end of the meal, my cousin asked for a tour of the kitchen (she's a CIA grad) and they let her check it out.
The food was really good, but I've had better.  The atmosphere was somewhat pretentious and uncomfortable, but nicely done.  $10 to add broccoli with my $62 steak seemed a bit gouging.. . Service was above reproach.  Knowledgable and sincerely friendly staff.. . Would I eat at Delmonico's again?  Absolutely.  But my expectations will be lower next time.
The bone in rib eye was delicous and the cream of spinach and the grits and bacon sides were flavorful.  This is a huge slab of meat and I had a hard time finishing all 18 ounces of it.  The only reason why I didn't give this place a 5 was because of house expensive it is.  I'm all about quality at an affordable price and I would only go again to this place for like a 10 year anniversary.
Every Vegas trip needs a fancy dinner. Delmonico just happened to be the restaurant this time around. I've never eaten steak in Vegas before (unless you count the $5 steak and egg places which I don't) so now was the time.. . Alas, I ordered the bbq salmon and I'm glad I did because it was delicious. Perfectly cooked and the potatoes on the side were delectable.. . I tasted my friend's steak which I had no complaints with. It just wasn't anything special. I'm pretty sure I could have made the same steak for cheaper. . . However, since California is banning foie gras, we ordered that with the steak and boy was that fattened duck liver good on top of it.. . Four stars because service was excellent and very friendly and my salmon was fantastic.
I had a late-ish dinner around 9 here on Friday the 28th of July after seeing Phantom at the Venetian because the restaurant was close to the theater. I noticed there was a piano in the waiting room but no one was playing it; instead they were blasting the sportscast on the TV which soured the mood. Once seated the atmosphere was largely pleasant but also a bit too loud and some of the staff seemed uncertain and nervous. Our head server in particular was not enjoying himself at all and was visibly annoyed by the group across from our table which was loitering around the restaurant for a long time after finishing their meal. . . The meal itself was very good, especially my Bone-in-Ribeye which is their signature cut. It's a slightly glazed and massive piece of meat, rubbed with a Cajun sauce that gave it zest and even a bit of spice. It paired beautifully with the Bourbon-Bacon Manhattan I ordered at the bar. My dining companion had the New York strip which was fine but not nearly as memorable as the Bone-in. Like the cuts of the meat, the sides are probably too big and one side is more than enough for 2 people. However both of the sides we had (The Wild Mushrooms and the Spinach) were delicious so it would be difficult to pick one. The appetizers were relatively standard, with the exception of the Parmesan-Truffle Chips but be forewarned that delicious as they are they are very filling and quite greasy.
I like this restaurant. One of Emril Legasses' offerings.. It does seem a bit pretentious to those uninitiated, but clearly when you are approached by the wait staff, its everything but. They are well informed and can  give you the advice you need when ordering, are courteous and explanatory.. The service is awesome and I think the food is very good. The steaks (rib eye, porterhouse, filet) are done to perfection, they are char-grilled with butter, making them an even greater artery hardener than they already are, but they are delicious.  If you like a steak, this is the place to go in Vegas. In my estimation, it is better than Prime at Bellagio and SW at Wynn. The menu is pricey 50-60 bucks for a filet, and then all your sides are extra (6-8 bucks for a baked potato), but its well worth it, if you like a steak. As well, the salads (Caesar is signature) are terrific, as well as the vegetable and fungi selection in terms of potatoes, asparagus, and sides of mushrooms. The desserts are also very good, the bread pudding is one to watch. Excellent.. For two people and a nice bottle of wine, one is looking at about $350-$400, or more.. Highly recommended before some of the other steakhouses in Vegas. Take a beautiful lady and she'll be suitably impressed if she is a meat eater.
I didn't get a chance to eat here but the mojitos were absolutely divine. they make their own rum in house and could easily be the elixir of the gods. worth the time, every time. highly recommend.
Steakhouses in Vegas are like Starbucks in the USA... they're everywhere. If you're passing by a nice restaurant in a hotel casino, there's a good chance that it's a steakhouse. Maybe Vegas has figured out that eating an expensive steak will make you feel better despite the fact that you just lost hundreds of dollars.... . Some friends and I had lunch at Delmonico's this past weekend and we got there right when it opened for lunch. We were their first customers and spent most of our lunch being the only people in the restaurant. Therefore, I guess it's no surprise why we got such great service. We made small talk with our servers and they were very pleasant and attentive throughout our entire meal.. . One friend who has been here before was raving about their lobster bisque and banana creme pie. I got to try their lobster bisque ($16) and thought it was good but I'm no connoisseur of bisque.  The bisque comes with scrumptious pieces of lobster and it was very rich and creamy. I ordered the Filet of Beef Medallions ($21) and they were super tender. Although they were covered in bread crumbs and a mushroom type sauce, the medallions were quite delicious. The entree isn't very big and I was still hungry afterwards so I suggest getting this alongside an appetizer. I got a bite of the Banana Creme Pie and not only did it look amazing, the taste of it was delightful. . . Delmonico's is a surprisingly huge restaurant. I hope their dinner draws in a larger crowd that it does for lunch or else much of their space could be put to better use. The lunch menu is rather limited but it's priced right with the most expensive entree being only $21. All in all, pretty good food and extremely good service. You gotta try that Banana Creme Pie!
It's basically what you'd expect from Emeril.  Pretty freaking awesome.  Get the foie gras with your meat.  I just wish I didn't just have The Buffet at Wynn before coming here.
2012 Fall Restaurant Week Lunch #2. . . Whether you're visiting Delmonico on a regular night, special occasion, or during Restaurant Week as I did, from the amazing lunch I had with extraordinary service and exceptional food, I'd recommend it to anyone. 4.5 stars at least.. . We seem to be the first party seated for lunch. Our two servers worked well together, being knowledgeable, catering, and attentive from beginning to end. Even as more customers started to come in and they had more to attend to, they still did an amazing job making sure we were taken care of.. . What we put in our tummies:. (pictures posted). . 1st Course. Traditional New Orleans. Chicken & Andouille Sausage Gumbo. . 2nd Course. Butternut Squash Ravioli. Prime Cheeseburger w/ Bacon. . 3rd Course. Emeril's Banana Cream Pie. Pecan Pie. . I'm no expert on gumbo, but I found it very tasty. Still steaming in individual serving pots, it was poured over rice table-side. Very nice touch. The burger was an enormous 11oz, well-seasoned, cooked medium as requested, hearty and meaty as burgers should be. Fries were just...fries. It was my first experience with butternut squash ravioli, and I loved it. Sage brown butter, toasted hazelnuts, and parmesan cheese made these raviolis sweet and flavorful.. . Thehighlight of the food was unquestionably the desserts. I never order banana cream pie, but I'm a big believer in trying whatever is the signature item, especially when it's written "Emeril's Banana Cream Pie." I'm sure it's not made very traditionally, but OH MY GOSH. Made with sweet bananas, the pie filling felt more like a cheesecake. Topped with chocolate shavings, amazing crust, this dessert will be what I think of from this day forward when anyone says banana cream pie. You think the way I described it, how could the pecan pie even compete?! Well, it did! Served warm and moist, it was decadent and comforting.. . I was beginning to wonder if the Restaurant Week event and menus were affecting my experiences at these places I've been eagerly wanting to try. I was very excited to participate, awaiting delicious gourmet food at a great price at a fine-dining establishment, helping a worthy cause. . . Personally, I'm very happy to say Delmonico made me want to become a repeat customer, again and again. It's so hard not to give 5 stars, but I would want to experience dining here on a non-Restaurant Week to confidently say it was as amazing as I remembered this lunch. . . I'm very much looking forward to coming back. And soon!
We dined here for Restaurant Week lunch.  For $30.12, I had the heirloom tomato salad, burger and banana creme pie.  My wife had the gumbo, fish and banana creme pie.  The salad was ok, and the burger was good, a perfect medium rare.  The best was the banana creme pie.  This is not some crap you get at Marie Callender's or some other establishments, this is the best banana creme pie I have ever had.  Yes it is that good.  . . Slight deductions for atmosphere as we were seated in the middle of the restaurant which felt a bit sterile and uncomfortable.
Excellent service and good steak.
Been wanting to go here for a long time so when a media contact/vendor asked me to lunch here I didn't hesitate!  The ambiance was lovely, low light, tasteful decorations, great big leather chairs.  We had water, bbq shrimp, lobster sliders, steak medallions with side of garlic mashed, chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream for dessert.  . . BBQ shrimp was delicious!  Had a homemade bbq sauce that was just tangy, sweet and rich enough.  Large shrimp came with about five I think very yummy.  . . My entree was the something something steak medallions - (sorry it's not on the lunch menu online and I can't remember exactly what it was called) it was EXTRAORDINARY.  I think after looking through the photos they were the Filet Mignon Medallions - I am a red meat junkie and before this Carnevino was the best steak I ever had - this one ranks right up there.  Perfectly medium rare, flavorful with delicious meaty mushrooms, and as tender as a steak could be.  Just delicious.  Be warned it doesn't come with ANYTHING - just the meat so be sure and order a side dish or two.  I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes which come in this cool metal pan/dish thing.  They are a very large portion so that was good.  The mashed potatoes were soooooooooooooo creamy.  Very very good.  . . We ordered the chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream for dessert.  This is why I gave only four stars - the cake a'ight.  Nothing special.  It was enormous though so you'll get the bang for your buck.  My sister is a pastry chef so I might be a little extra picky on my dessert but there you have it.  . . For what we ordered plus my vendor ordered an additional 3-scoop bowl of coconut ice cream on the side it came to $91.  It's pricey - so be sure to eat the warm bread they give you at the beginning so you can be full, lol.  But the portion sizes were generous, the service was INCREDIBLE and the food delish.
Came here with friends for our high end streak meal during a recent week in Vegas. It did not disappoint. For drinks, I ordered a High West rye Manhattan and it arrived perfectly mixed; maybe the smoothest Manhattan I've ever imbibed. Ceaser salad very good, but no anchovies. Two of us split chateaubriand and it was perfect, although presentation was somewhat boring. The potatos and asparagus were good but not spectacular. Another friend got the fillet and it was so tender she started cutting it with get butter knife and didn't even notice! The wine list is overwhelming. 93 pages. It's better to know what you want and see  if it's there than to try and choose. The decor is somewhat vanilla, but nice.  Also, the place is huge - much larger inside than what you see when you walk in off Restaurant Row in The Palazzo.  The crowd made for pretty fun people watching; there seemd to be a lot of middle aged men with their much younger "dates."  Maybe it was "take your niece to dinner" night.  But overall, a very nice, entertaining  evening out, but spendy.
This is not the Delmonicos restaurant of NY. This is an Emeril Lagasse steakhouse. There is no decoration to speak of. Just a large open room with many tables and many people chatting and laughing. We ordered the bone-in ribeye and it was prepared to perfection, but a tad bit too salty for my friend's taste. I loved mine, but you need to be a full-on caveman to eat the whole damn thing. We had the creamed spinach which was coarse and tough to chew and the au gratin potatoes were really good. The sommelier was great and recommended a very nice blend. We were so stuffed, we chose not to have dessert, but they looked quite good. This is a very nice, fancy steakhouse, but CUT still gets my vote for the best one around.
Came out for our anniversary, the steaks were wonderful HUGE cuts if you want to spend money on this Restaurant, then this will be the place to do so. The aged steaks which i ordered medium came out as expected. Better come VERY hungry due to the sizes of the servings!
As far as steakhouses goes in Las Vegas, you can almost never go wrong if you're willing to pay $50-75 for a steak for the most part, or at least maybe I've been lucky.. . Delmonico's is a solid restaurant, which for me is highlighted by Emeril's Banana Cream Pie which features Caramel Sauce, Chocolate Shavings and Whipped Cream.. . I've gone to the lounge seating area just to indulge in a slice of their Banana Cream Pie, so if you love pie, and BCP, then you've got to find the time and make room for this...
This place was great. We came with a party of 12. We chose the restaurant based on the wine list and this had one of the best on the strip. The gumbo was good. The filet was great. The only part I didn't enjoy was the oysters. We mentioned it to two different waiters and only ate about 6 of the 12 oysters. We were all a little upset and we spent $1500 on dinner and they couldn't take the oysters we didn't care for off the bill.. . We sure to stop by the bar on the way in or out. Not only is the wine list worth the trip but if you like high-end bourbon this is a great place. They have several different Pappy Van Winkle bourbons and Templeton Rye.
We Came For The Ribeye! You Should Too!. . We'd heard the accolades about the Bone-In Ribeye at Delmonico's and decided to see for ourselves. Of the eight in our group - seven of us ordered the Bone-In Ribeye - the eighth ordered a Filet.  Bottom Line - Everyone Was Pleased.. . The cuts were ample.. The cooking-temperatures perfect.. The flavor excellent.. The texture exceptionally tender.. . Of note also, was the table-side Caesar Salad. For sides we kept it simple - ordering fries and mushrooms - both were excellent. Another winner was the Banana Cream Pie.. . Service overall was accommodating and highly attentive. . . The room itself is a little bland - and the lighting system rather ugly - but hey - you're here for the steak!. . Recommended!
I brought my two friends visiting from London to Delmonico's. Having never been there before I was a bit nervous. No need for nerves here.. . We had an excellent wait staff take care of us. You are not there for the decor but for the food so don't judge this book by its cover.. . My friends each ordered the filet and I the rib eye. We also ordered the lobster bisque, the creamed spinach (a must), broccoli and fingerling potatoes. Everything was divine. My friends both wanted to cry over how perfect their filets were. . . I have no idea what wine we had but all in all I could not have asked for a nicer meal. I recommend it for the experience of going as well as the wonderful food.. . Another plus is people were dressed for a nice dinner and not in casual shorts and such. The mealk ran about $100.00 per person after everything.
Solid.  Still serving up all the flavor, fat, and syrupy opulence one expects from the Emeril Lagasse empire.  Oh, it happens to serve some great steaks.. . Lunch is straight forward.  Salads, gumbo, and an INCREDIBLE STEAK SANDWICH.  A juicy skirt steak is topped with loads of roasted mushrooms, onions, wilted spinach and a pungent horseradish mayo on a warm ciabatta roll with a side of crispy truffle fries.  A great deal for under $20.. . Dinner brings out the best.  For starters its hard to pass on the truffle parm potato chips (you weren't expecting that huh).  Crispy, earthy, just good eats and so perfect with any cocktail or wine.  The roasted heirloom tomato soup with  grilled ricotta cheese sandwich, creamy and acidic, comforting goodness.. . The steaks are all great quality USDA prime.  Well trimmed and dry aged on site.  Unfortunately, the selection of cuts is limited.   The bone in strip, dense beefy goodness and stands up well to the Creole seasoning (used on all their steaks).  Dry aged steak purist will balk at its use as it destroys the umame goodness.  The bone in rib is more tender and makes the perfect base for "Oscar" style prep (topped with a generous heaping of jumbo lump crab meat, asparagus, and a very rich and tangy bearnaise that blends perfectly with the creole seasoning). Win!. . It's not all about the steaks.  The apple smoked kurobuta ham chop with grits and cider reduction is outstanding.  Pure simplicity.  Natural, tender ham packing  deep "hammy" flavor whose richness and saltiness is balanced perfectly by the acidity and sweetness of hard cider reduction.  Holiday ham on steroids!. . Friendly and efficient service.. . Very good wine list.  Vegas resort prices.. . BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! (Four stars; yeah I couldn't resist).
Yes I love this place and I want to go again and again.   The value is also very good and where it should be.   Note to all: The pork chop is now called "Ham Chop", it's still my favorite item on the menu and I think the country's best piece of swine.
We had a great experience atDelmonico.  Great food, wine and service made for a great meal.. . We started with bbq shrimp and ahi tartare.  The bbq shrimp is New Orleans style which is shrimp in gravy rather than a typical bbq and it was very tasty.. . The gumbo was good and had a bit of heat, great stuff.. . My bone-in ribeye was cooked to medium and had a creole rub that was delicious.. . My son had a huge, huge cheeseburger that was very tasty.  . . The service was prompt, attentive and courteous.. . I grew up in Texas, so I know a good steak when I see it.  The bone in ribeye served here is fantastic.. . Expect to spend at least $100/person when dining here, you don't get a great meal here on the cheap...
This place is fantastic. A little pricey but worth it. Michael our waiter was spot on with service. . I had the wilted spinach & frisee salad and the BBQ Salmon (medium). I also got the creme brulee for desert. . My co-worker just got the NY Strip (well done), unfortunately it was not welldone. However as soon as Michael saw that it was not cooked properly he immediately took it back and had it cooked completely. I would have not gotten a steak like that we'll-done but he's picky. When he got it back he said it was a very good steak, just wished there was more steak and less bone. . I would definitely go back. One of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.
I have yet to have a better steak dinner in Vegas than this one at Delmonico Steakhouse. Tableside Caesar for two was great. The 8oz filet was seasoned & cooked perfectly; I enjoyed every bite.  BUT the best dish of all was the banana cream pie. Ditch the apps and opt for the dessert!
Its a fancy steakhouse in Vegas.  Sure it was great, the food was good the service was superb and the wine selection was almost too much to deal with, but its expensive.  hey its a fancy steakhouse in Vegas.  So it lives up to its name.  If you are looking for a great night out for steak this is as good a selection as any.  Just be prepared to pay about $100-$150/person if you are going to be on wine.
I stumbled into Delmonico Steakhouse after going to the wrong place as suggested by my friend. He told me to go to Emeril's in Vegas, so I did. However, the only place that houses Emeril's name is the Fish House.. . My friend challenged me that Demonico had the best Caesar salad after I claimed I had found the holy grail. So I had to try it here. First off, they make it from scratch, tableside here. They even have you inspect it before putting salad in.. . Previously I thought I had good Caesar salad, but this was on a different level. The salads that I've had before were either good or bad. The flavor was just that. however this salad actually had *waves* of flavor. you could distinctly taste the pepper fade in and out, the egg fade in and out, sardines fade in and out, and other flavors until it mellowed out on your palette. WTF, are you serious? I didn't even know salad dressing could do that. I give the salad a 5/5. . My lady and I shared the lamb. I am not a huge lamb eater because I generally find it too fatty and I don't like fatty texture. This was good though and I did enjoy it all. It could have been a little more charred on the outside as I found that part to be the most tasty. I probably would have been better off with something a little more traditional like steak, I suppose. I'll give them lamb a 4/5. . For dessert I got this cheesecake that was akin to a smore. It was seriously yum. I was stuffed before I started it, and I still ate it - it was that good. I will give it a 5/5.. . What was magnificent with this place was the service. I am very particular with service and how often the service visits your table. I was a little scared at first of this place when they announced that we would be attended by three different people. Of crap I thought, they are going to be down my throat every bite. But really, they worked it like a charm. They came when they needed to and didn't come when they didn't need to come - all three of them. My water was constantly full as well. I really appreciated this.. . I want to go back here next time I am in town and do a few things differently. First, don't eat 3 hours before arriving. I was not all that hungry when I arrived and I felt like I was doing myself a disservice. Second, try something more to my liking such as chicken or steak. I have to give it a 4.5 but yelp doesn't allow a half mark. I feel that the main part of the meal was the weakest which is the main reason you are there so I am rounding down to 4-stars. Maybe if I enjoyed the main course a little more (not that it was bad) then I would have given it a straight 5-stars.. . I'll be back.
Having been to most of the steak places in Vegas I was excited to try something new so I chose Delmonico's.. . Had a reservation but arrived early and they go us in fairly quickly. They aren't overly friendly, the barely look at you and they speed you to your table, but that's where I wanted to be anyway. Service in every other way was impeccable. I was pretty impressed with the waitstaff from the start. They were amazing.. . Sat down and only had water between me and the business associate I was with. He declined an appetizer, but I chose to have the half dozen oysters on the half shell. They were tiny, but delicious. I definitely would recommend these if you enjoy nice, mildly salty and briny oysters. They had a lot of flavor for the size.. . We both ordered steak; I had the bone-in ribeye and he the filet mignon. I also ordered the foie gras to top my steak.. . My steak was a nice size and it was cooked medium rare with the outside being a little tough and very seared on the outside making it tasted burned almost. I ate around that and was pleased. It isn't the best steak I've ever had, but the prices were reasonable so it hurt less. . . The foie gras was tasteless and a waste of money. I like mine to be buttery and melt in my mouth. Not happening here, save your money. There are a lot better places to get it.. . My associate had the filet and I tasted it; it was tender and moist. It was cooked perfectly, but the outside was pepper coated and it tasted bitter. Not a fan of that.. . For dessert we split the banana cream pie and it was the best part of the whole night. Highly recommend! It tasted like something my mom would make and I loved it! It was big and we couldn't finish it. I bet it would have tasted awesome right out of the fridge the next day, but alas I left it there. . . All in all it's an okay restaurant. I probably won't go back because there are a lot better steak houses, but I enjoyed it for what it was.
Efficient Service, Quiet and Great Food. . It has been 4 years since I ate here and so on my last day in Vegas, I stopped for lunch. The food as usual was excellent. Tried their tuna which was cooked just perfect. My buddy had a burger which he tells me was very tasty.. . Love the fact that this place has maintained such great quality over the years.
We have been to many steakhouses in Vegas, NYC and around the country and this rates right with the best of them.. . My wife and I shared an appitizer of tomato and Mazzarella which was very good. She had the rib eye and I had the filet mignon. Both were cooked perfectly and tasted so good. For dessert we had their famous banana cream pie. I highly recommend it and it is enough for two. Also-their espresso was excellent. . . The atmosphere is loud and full of energy. The decor us somewhat plain but nice and clean. Our server was very good and professional. This is a Vegas restaurant I would come back to.
I was treated to a lovely birthday dinner here and was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant is a lot bigger than it actually looks.  Walking past it in the Venetian, you wouldn't believe it extends back to a full restaurant.. . The ambiance is elegant, comfortable, but friendly.  The manager came out before our meal to greet us and wish me a happy birthday, which was rather special.  The wine list was over 100 pages long and took us quite some time to decide which bottle to get.. . We had the truffle & parmesan potato chips, which were just okay, and a small charcuterie plate with homemade cheese chips.. For our main courses, I ordered the filet mignon.  My date ordered the bone in ribeye with foie gras.  My steak was arguable the best steak I've ever had.  It was perfectly buttery, seared and charred on the outside but tender, moist, juicy, and pink on the inside.  I had a bite of the ribeye with foie gras, which was just savory overload.. For dinner, we received a complimentary "Happy Birthday" sorbet with a candle in it.. . I had a great experience there and would go back again for the steak.  I only gave 4 stars and not 5 because the other menu items (starters and sides) were very forgettable.  The steak however, was unforgettable. . . Date night seal of approval!
My mom lives in Vegas so I am there all the time and we try a lot of the nicer restaurants in town.  Delmonico Steakhouse was one of the better ones.  We were a little early for our reservation so we sat in the bar and ordered a few drinks.  The hostess then called our name after only a couple of minutes so we did not get our drinks in the bar but they brought them to the table and added them to our bill.  It was a very smooth process.  For dinner, I had the fillet Mignon with blue cheese melted on it.  It was delicious.  The steak was a tad undercooked for my taste but I did order medium rare.  I guess I was expecting the norm where other restaurants cook medium rare closer to medium.  But overall the steak was delicious.  Good flavor and I loved the blue cheese.  My mom had the rack of lamb.  Again a little too undercooked for her taste but they truly cooked it to medium rare.  We shared the twice baked potatoes with cheese and bacon.  Yummy!  The bread was good too.  We had a great main waiter and his assistants.  Everyone treated us well and in a timely manner.  Definitely a place I will go again.
Best pecan pie ever!. Shrimp cocktail, good but nothing special, I thought it would be more Cajun. Oysters fresh and the horseradish was so good! Lobster bisque very good. The steak was pretty good I had a filet mignon and my husband had the Ribeye it was huge! Everything was cooked well. I have had a better steak but it was good. The best thing was the dessert of pecan pie. I'm just going to go there for that!
The filet was delicious!
The delmonico was delicious, the potatoes were excellent, and the deserts were amazing.  After dinner I was thinking about dessert and they suggested the banana cream pie.  Normally banana cream is not my favorite, so I was somewhat skeptical, but the server said that if I did not like it they would not charge me for it. so I gave it a try.  It was amazing, I would recommend it to anyone, but you can get it at any Emeril restaurant so dont go here just for that.  Overall pricy, but very good.
Had dinner here last week - great food, very nice atmosphere.  Top notch steakhouse.. . The bone in ribeye was delicious, as you would expect there was a lot of fat on it but the flavor was worth it.  . . The bone in filet (a special) was very good, tender, less fat than the rib eye but also less flavor.  . . I would say both are worth getting but it depends on your preference for flavor vs. tenderness.  . . The duck was very good - not fatty as most duck is but still full of flavor - if you are looking for a non steak entre I think this is the way to go.. . I didn't have one so I cannot confirm but someone I was dining with said the mojito was the best they have ever had so keep that in mind if you are a mojito fan.. . Overall a great dinner.
Great service! Excellent menu! Their chateaubriand steak was mouth-watering!
We went to Delmonico's a few years ago (while I was undecided if I was an Emeril fan or not...turns out, I'm not).  Didn't care for our meal, but the one thing that stood out was the Banana Cream Pie.. . When we were back in Vegas we stopped by just for a slice of that pie. A few years later and its as good as I remembered. I'm picky about bananas, not a pie person, and still this pie is amazing.
Outstanding lobster bisque and gumbo. Got a bit loud at times with large groups, but we enjoyed a delicious ribeye and filet. Both are good choices.
We have been wanting to check out Delmonico for a while now, and with it being Restaurant Week, it made sense to stop in!. . They only had a lunch special, but there was a lot of variety, and the food was great! Service was top notch as well, with our glasses never hitting halfway with a smile.  Had to hit it with the 4 star, since some of the food was hit and some miss, but overall everything was good and a great value for RW.. . Started off with a surprise amuse!. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#s2aCXocbqLcx3v6sl0_NZw. . Then the apps came out...The Heirloom Tomato Soup with Grilled Ricotta Cheese Sandwich was good! . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ogoxihGvCtfmoq7L8TD1BA. . The soup itself was a little rich and thick, not very soupy consistency, but it worked well with the delicious Ricotta Cheese sandwich! But I tried a few spoonfuls without the sandwich, and it didn't stand on its own.. . Vine-Ripened Heirloom Tomato Salad :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#d9kt2ojPgUys4VgvTBOTOg. . Consisted of Burrata Cheese, Red Onion, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Balsamic Vinegar and Torn Local Basil.  The company liked it, but since I am not a fan of tomatoes, I didn't bother trying it.. . On to the entrees!  The Grilled Skirt Steak Sandwich was great!. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#EWRi7UESqNjHjvYn0GlXLQ. . It was on Ciabatta with Roasted Mushrooms & Onions, Horseradish Mayonnaise, Spinach and Truffle French Fries! The sandwich itself was great! The steak was a perfect and tender medium rare, with the horseradish mayo adding the perfect blend of awesome! The truffle fries were great as well, but their style of fries are a bit overcooked for my tastes. Seems like they are twice fried here...and everyone's was like this, so I know it wasn't by accident. Still good though!. . Butternut Squash Ravioli :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#GQE0e9w2Ew-u0GzjA1SJjQ. . Consisted of Sage Brown Butter, Toasted Hazelnuts and Parmesan Cheese. Not bad...very creamy though.. . The desserts were awesome! Emeril's Banana Cream Pie :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#EZOm9VBP7nhTaoF6PABi-A. . Had a Caramel Sauce, Chocolate Shavings and Whipped Cream, and it was way to big to finish! Lots of chunks of banana, and the cream pie portion was rich and outstanding. . . The Pecan Pie :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2PfIwfb5F0JTL9DuO52Wyw. . Had an Oatmeal Shortbread Crust, French Vanilla Ice Cream & Caramel Sauce. It was good too! A bit better on the portion control here lol.. . Anyways, I want to make it back to check out their steak menu! Seems like they are a little less spendy than some of the others on the strip, with prices on aged beef starting in the high $40s.
Bam!  Great service! . . Top notch service, amazing service, service, service, service.  They even asked us for a business card so they can write us a thank you card in the mail.  . . Food: . -Bbq shrimp-4 pcs, very tasty, amazing sauce.  . -Spinach salad was delicious, candied bacon...well like candy! . -Red snapper was perfectly cooked.  I could have used more lentils but heh it's cool. . -Bone in ribeye was, as everyone else says, amazing.  . -Pineapple mojitos, really refreshing but also very strong.  . . Sadly, no room for dessert.  Would have loved the Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee but the $20.00 price tag was a bit over zealous.  . . I would totally go back, but maybe for lunch so I have more room for their dessert!
Everything we had was amazing here. . Great service, great atmosphere and best of all... great food.. Truffle Potato Chips... highly recommend.  When I first saw it... was a little skeptical. But.. they are amazing.. Vine rippen tomato salad, really good.  cheese was super fresh and the tomatos were very sweet and rip.  . Rib Eye - was perfectly cook, medium rare.  perfect crust and was just so good.  . I can see why my friends made it a tradition to come here.
ordered ribeye bone.  it was excellent!  juicy, tasty.  now, i'm not sure if it's because of the type (with the bone), or the butter they put on top of it.  bread.. they only provided one kind and it was mediocre.  wine was good (based on their recommendation).. . giving only 4 star because of the bread and the service.  they only provided one kind and even so it was just so-so.  would've been nice for them to invest a bit more in it, as a nice complement before the steak arrive.. secondly, the service.  was not as good as wolfgang puck'sthe cut.  but since i care more about the food, i still give delmonico the trophy over the cut.
The food is still fantastic.  We were a party of 7 and everyone enjoyed their meal.. . Lobster Bisque Soup *****. Oysters *****. Salads *****. Chateaubriand ***** (vegetables were perfectly cooked and a huge amount of them). Bone in Rib-eye *****. After dinner drinks *****. We brought 2 bottles of Daou. Corkage fee $35.00 each. . Minus 1 star because of the lack luster environment.   Delmonico use to have a great vibe which doesn't seem to be there any longer.
Great steak house. The spinach salad with bacon and a fried egg is to die for. I always get the fillet and French fries. The fries are not in the menu but are AMAZING. All in all one of my favorite steak houses in Vegas. A must try.
As Vegas steakhouses go, Delmonico is a fine choice. I've been there twice and both times I've had very good meals. With that said, meeting expectations at this high price point is challenging, and particularly on my most recent visit I'm afraid Delmonico should have been even better. This year we had a large company dinner at Delmonico, so I was able to try lots of dishes. . . We started with the BBQ shrimp and the butternut squash ravioli. The shrimp was good but a little overcooked. The squash was on the rich side but really tasty - you couldn't have but so many so it is good that they list it as an appetizer rather than as a pasta main. I loved one or two but a plateful would've been too much.  I also tried the truffle potato chips, which were wonderful but extremely truffley. . . The lobster bisque was textbook, exactly what lobster bisque is supposed to be - rich and creamy with chunks of tender lobster meat. Still I might have preferred my neighbor's heirloom tomato salad, which I tried and thought was one of the highlights of the meal.  I didn't try it but the duck from the smoked duck salad was not well received by another of my colleagues. . . For my entree I had the Delmonico signature steak - a bone-in ribeye. This is where the meal fell down ever so slightly. The steak was fine but for the premium price it should have been exceptional and it definitely wasn't. My order of medium rare was barely pink at all and was probably served on the dark side of medium, and I thought the meat was surprisingly devoid of flavor. Don't get me wrong - it was a fine steak, but it was average among the steaks I've had in Las Vegas, at all price points. One of my close work friends who has frequented Delmonico for years ordered the same cut at the dinner and he agreed that for his steak too it was an off-night. Of the sides I loved the creamed corn. Next time I'd do the mashed potatoes over the scalloped potatoes, which I found undercooked and under seasoned. The asparagus was also fine but unspectacular. . . The bread pudding was great and the key lime pie (or was it cheesecake?) was nice too, but I'll reserve my sweetest accolades for the banana cream pie. Best bite of the night. One of the best I've had. Wonderful.
I was a bit skeptical as usual to try a tv chef place, such as Emeril. But i wasn't disappointed after all. We started the evening with a pre drink at the bar which is a small but nice and up scale place. Then we both ordered starter and main course. I had the oyster platter and my friend and the shrimp bbq. The oyster were great, especially because it is the small size ones, more flavorful to me. I think the big hit was the shrimp which takes about 12 hours to make that special bbq sauce. Then we were recommended to try to the bone in ribeye as far as steak. We were going there for steaks to start with but this was definitely a hit. Steak was perfectly cooked, dry aged (8 weeks i think) and we had a lovely potato gratin to complement that. I wasn't a big fan of the corn side dish we ordered though. The waiter also suggested a nice red wine to complement that. Service was top notch with 3-4 servers always around you which is very appreciable. If you are in a mood for steak, i think this is one of the best option in Vegas for sure.
Given the high price point of the steakhouse, it would have taken a much better steak to justify a five-star rating. I had the bone-in ribeye, which was solid and my date had a petite filet, which was also solid -- but nothing fantastic. The salads were also fairly good, and the creamed corn was amazing. We were too stuffed for dessert, but all in all, a good meal.
Delmonico Steakhouse is at the Venetian.. . After the Venetian lost my luggage last summer (see my Venetian reviews for the entire story) I swore I wouldn't step foot in the Venetian. It pains me to admit this, but I stepped foot in the Venetian during my most recent Vegas trip :(  Just to clarify, this was NOT by choice, but by circumstance. Me, my boyfriend, and 2 other couples wanted to do a nice dinner. Long story short, one of the other couples raved about this restaurant and made dinner reservations for all of us. . . With that being said, this steakhouse blew me away. It was surprisingly really good.  . . **APPETIZERS: I had the French Onion Soup and my boyfriend had a salad. The appetizers were so-so. We definitely could've have done without ordering them since our entrees and sides were filling.. . **ENTREES: My boyfriend and I each ordered the Bone in Ribeye. Had we known how HUGE they were, we would've just ordered one and shared. I was surprised at how good my steak was. I wanted to pull a "Fred Flinstone" and pick up the steak with my hands and gnaw on the entire thing.  My steak was prepared well, seasoned well, and tasted delicious. Even with all that deliciousness there was just so much meat that neither of us finished our steaks. . . **SIDES: We had the Creamed Corn Gratin & Potato Gratin. Both of which were creamy and delicious.  . . The service was fine, the ambiance was nice, the steak and sides were fantastic. I'm just annoyed that this restaurant is located in the Venetian -_-
Very good, excellent sides, tasty food.
Typical day in Vegas couldn't decide where to eat (too many choices). Decided to go to Delmonico Steakhouse in the Venetian. Service was pretty prompt as usual with this place. We ordered the Caesar Salad that was prepared table side, I believe I ordered a  bone in rib-eye and my girlfriend ordered the salmon. All of the food was prepared well and service was perfection. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
Delmonico is a terrific steakhouse, with great food and ambiance. We are from NY and have been to a lot of top notch steakhouses, so were really impressed by this restaurant.  Tom Baker made it even more memorable, great maitre d/waiter! I highly recommended Emeril's BBQ salmon and the bone-in fillet.  The real surprise were the truffle and parmesan potato chips - delicious!
They have the absolute best lobster bisque I've EVER had.  I would eat here again just for this.  The banana pie was amazing as well.  We had about half the sides and appetizers at the table and these were all great too.. . Sadly, our steak came out way too raw.  We asked for medium and it was seriously raw inside.  Restaurant was great with the error though, even the manager came over to us and made sure we didn't want anything else or a new steak after we told our waiter we were ok and didn't really need a replacement (we were pretty full and were just going to split the original steak).  We were not charged for the steak.. . I would eat here again.
We ate a very quiet lunch at Delmonico's on a Monday afternoon -- just a handful of other tables at 1:00 pm.  I love going to steak houses at lunch - - you usually get a great meal at a reasonable price.. . I had the deconstructed steak salad -- delicious.  Medium rare with blue cheese.  Yum.  Hub's had the Lobster Sliders -- divine. We each had a glass of wine, so it was an $80 lunch, with tip.. . Service was spotty.  The assistant waiter was great, but our lead waiter was very distracted and barely attended the table.  When asked about simple wine questions (what blend was the Emeril Red), had to defer to the FoH manager.. . Will go back -- love Delmonico's here & in NOLA.  I've never been disappointed at any restaurant run by Emeril.
Pricey, but worth it. I tried the pan roasted salmon with sweet corn &  crab vinaigrette and fresh basil- of coarse with mashed potatoes :), the Cesar salad and a shared Apple Fritter desert with pecan pie.
Came on a Tuesday night there were no line and lots of empty tables.  Service was good 4-5 people cater us the whole night.  I love the bone in ribeye medium rare,  and the fried chips are a must but make sure have them make it with no salt, the cheese flakes they put on top is already salty. Price is high since its inside casino thats the only reason I gave one less than perfect.
Always on the hunt for the perfect steakhouse I took up some Yelp recommendations and gave this place a try. We were a party of 6 and truth be told we were running on fumes from the prior evenings festivities (how strange...in vegas??) so this review is based on our less than average appetites. Although we did order a lot more than we could manage to eat.. . Their most popular steak is probably the bone in rib-eye and it's a whopping 16 ounces (without bone)...quite hefty and although the steak was cooked to perfection it was definitely under seasoned. It also seemed mine had a bit more fat than usual which is as we know is where all the flavour is but it seemed perhaps a bit too much. All the sides were awesome and their meant to be shared family style... definitely try the garlic mushrooms!. . Service was top notch...not in your face but always there making sure your wine is topped off and full of suggestions when you need.. . I've been to STK in Vegas and if you're looking for the more swank place you might want to hit that up but for a more authentic steakhouse experience I'd definitely recommend Delmonico...
On our stay at the Venetian, we decided to try this steak house one night.. I had the ribeye and my wife went for the filet mignon. Both steaks were absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. The server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu .. For the desert we opted to share the bread pudding,and I have to say it is one of the best I have ever eaten.. Very good experience overall!
i stumbled apon this place my first trip to vegas and been coming back ever since. u can always count on getting a very good meal with some great service.
The prime rib was excellent and, to literally top it off, I ordered foie gras to complement the fantastic steak. Great ambience, great service, overall a great dining experience.
Pros:. 1. Was at a chefs table overlooking the kitchen shielded though. 2. Excellent all around for 6 people. 3. Excellent service, our famous chef and two servers. 4. It was fun for all. 5 Love the black grilled carrots, very tasty said from the amazon jungle. 6. I could have rated it 4 1/2stars, I really enjoyed the evening at LAS. 7. Deserts were off the chart, an indulgence for all. . Cons:. 1. Lamb from Colorado was OK, not great it was medium cooked, so it was a little chewy since I prefer medium rare.. 2. Really none. .  I recommend it highly. Damage was reasonable, we will be back!
I am of cajun decent and HAD to try Emeril's gumbo.  It wasn't "mom's", but it was excellent gumbo for Las Vegas.  It was a darker roux and rich.. Everyone had steaks which were perfectly cooked and had an amazing, salty, flavorful seasoning.  The Lobster Bisque was one of the top bisque's we've ever tried!. Also had to try banana's foster which we highly recommend!
Having eaten here now a handful of times, I felt it was time to finally leave a review (not that they need it, based on their stars.) That having been said, it's really hard to go wrong with a steak here! The NY strip is huge, delicious, and, in my experience, cooked to perfection. The sides, while pretty standard fare, are quite good. I find the creamed spinach and mushrooms to be particularly noteworthy, while the asparagus was uninspired. The value is reasonable, in spite of the fairly high price, so no complaints there. With the number of great options in the Venetian/Palazzo, let alone in Las Vegas in its entirety, it can be hard to stand out, but Delmonico Steakhouse manages to do so.
Wow, what can I say that hasn't been mentioned here yet.  The food was good the service was great.  We were pushing the service a little so we could get to Rock of Ages in time so we couldn't enjoy the ambiance as much as we liked.  This is one of the top 3 steakhouses in Las Vegas in my book.  JW and Craft are the other 2 on the list.
I was able to sample many menu items on my first and only visit to Delmonico's to date.   The things I loved were the Parmesan chip appetizer, the caesar salad, the soft shell crab and the BBQ shrimp app.  The Caesar salad was probably the best I've ever had.  The chips were thin cut and perfectly crispy.  The BBQ shrimps were cooked just right and the bbq sauce was mild and great for the shrimp.  The crab was excellent - perfectly cooked and had great flavor. I also tried the NY strip, it was cooked correctly and had a nice crust.  It was not the best steak I've ever had, but you can tell it was done with care and quality.  The appetizers were very good because each one had something that made it special...I would like to see that withthe steaks as well.  I would say the service is what i was most disappointed in.  Not that it was bad, but it just wasn't what you expect from a place of this caliber (and price).
The service was wonderful. Lobster bisque was wonderfully creamy and the dinner role melted in my mouth.
I have eaten at this restaurant twice. The first meal was memorable and I never forgot it. As a result, I was so excited to go back last week. I had the truffle chips for an appetizer which were good but they didn't fit in with that kind of restaurant. My friend had a shrimp appetizer that was the favorite of the waiter's but we both found it very strange. It was supposed to be something creole and the shrimp was covered with an unattractive brown sauce. Odd.. . We both had a filet mignon. I ordered mine medium rare. I couldn't finish the last 15% of it because it was rare. Disgusting. It was fine but not worth $50. It came with a  sauce that made it delicious though. Without the sauce it would have been a big disappointment.. . We ordered a side of double baked potatoes. That was the best part of the meal.. . We each ordered a dessert. I had the banana cream pie. It was gorgeous but it was all bananas (which I LOVE) but with little cream. It was fine. My friend had the creme brulee and it was delicious.. . Service was very nice. Overall at $312 I won't be going back simply because it isn't worth the money.
Very nice place - especially for a larger party.  We had steaks and they were good and sides were good too.  The service is attentive but not over the top.  Had the 21 year old Balvenie scotch - great and well priced too.  Recommend.
At least 4.5 stars. Let me start by staying that I thought this was a great place. The ambiance was fantastic and maybe I enjoyed myself so much because we went here with a group of 18 or so right after my husband and I got married in the Venetian but here's the breakdown. . . The appitizers were really great, the parmesan chips were thin and had wonderful flavor. We talked about stealing a basket as we left. The bbq shrimp was done perfectly and a great twist. . . My brother had the soft shell crab and that may have been my favorite thing I had. It was fantastic but I don't have much comparison since that was actually the first time I've had soft shell crab. Nevertheless, it had great flavor and I would order it again. My husband and I split a steak and got the cesear salad. The salad was really nice and fresh. The steak was great, and probably in the top 3 I have ever had. . . We had a bunch of wine and tried a few different kinds and they were all great. The manager came over and talked to us about the wines and was very informative and nice. . . The reason why this didn't get 5 stars from me was because for the price, you just expect a little more from the steaks. This was still one of the best dinners I have ever had and I would absolutely go back.
One of my favorite dishes is Rack of Lamb.  When I'm traveling for work and see it on the menu, I have to try it.  My bar of measure is Mr. B's in New Orleans French Quarter part of the Brennan family.  Short of flying to Paris to find a fair place to compete against Mr. B's grilled lamb chops, Delmonico's certainly gave Mr. B's a run for its money.. . I tried Delmonico's without looking at yelp first - in some countries I would be shot for this crime - and not knowing that Delmonico's even existed.  It was after a long day of work and simply being hungry, I walked into the first restaurant that was open without even looking at the menu.  When I was seated and handed the wine list, I knew I had found the right place, almost by divine inspiration.. . The wine list was more like a wine book, only dedicating the last page to single glass selections.  The rest were bottles only.  This is where I figured out I was in a place worthy of my pallet.  They had 15 different vintages of Caymus Special Reserve.  Most fine dining places maybe have one or two at most.  Of course since the company was paying and no one to split a bottle, I could not in good conscious order a bottle.  I would have been hung by the accounting department.. . The waiter gave the specials of the day and I of coursed b-lined for the lamb chops like a rabid dog.  When the dish arrived you could smell the fine attention to detail that the chef had prepared.  The Colorado rack of lamb with Roasted Cipollini Onions, Haricot Vert and Brandy Peppercorn Reduction staring back at me was love at first sight. . . I order my rack of lamb medium rare. Anything else would be blasphemous to the animal who sacrificed itself for my dining pleasure.  The lamb was tender and juicy all the way through.  The vegetables, especially the Cipollini onions soaked in the tender juices of the lamb melted in my mouth.  This was a meal that reminded me why it's so good to be alive.. . My only regret and no fault to Delomico's is I broke and tried the bread pudding for desert.  Being an Emeril restaurant I figured why not.  Being a bread pudding connoisseur and having such a spectacular experience with the lamb, I had high expectations.  I will be fair and say I was offered the key lime pie instead but I stayed true to course and ordered the bread pudding.. . Was it bad? No but it was certainly average for the area and if placed in New Orleans, it wouldn't even register on the map.  Delmonico's is marketed as "creole" restaurant and as such looses a star for the poor attempt on their bread pudding.  . . Will I be back? Absolutely without a doubt! Will I be ordering the bread pudding? No and if have a hankering for bread pudding after your meal at Delmonico's, mosey yourself on down to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill.  Order the spotted dog and you will be in bread pudding heaven.  With that said, Delmoico's is in my top three restaurants of all time in Las Vegas.  If you don't mind spending a pretty penny on dinner and you're a true fan of food, Delmonico's is hands down one of the finest restaurants in Las Vegas.
