The best salsa I've ever had - definitely not from a can. Also fresh guacamole was prepared tableside, also excellent. Fish tacos were good, but deep fried in same vat as shrimp (and you could tell), so beware if you have shellfish allergies. Great atmosphere for romance or business. Want to go again.
The server we had was awful but honestly it didnt matter...we were on the patio on a beautiful, although brisk, AZ Winter night....the patio fireplace was roaring, heat lamps burning, and the low tempo house/r&b was bumpin....the seating was although rather tight but the food was just a complete surprise from how quick it came out, the presentation, perfect portion size, taste, and cost....a must for romantics inside and out.  I am not a Latino/Mexican foody but the scallops, black cod, white bean puree, green beans (forget the mexican term on the menu), and the fried banana were amazing.....we opted to not indulge in the plethora of tequilas on the menu but it was VERY tempting....Ill be back and probably very soon!  Love it!!!
DELISH! The coconut marg is sooo good and everything else!  We had the table side guac and the shrimp appetizer.  For the main course we had the mahi mahi tacos and the black cod dinner.  The sauces on all of the dishes are very tasty!  For dessert we got the pumpkin bread pudding which was AMAZING to say the least!. Will definitely be returning! :)
For some reason it took me a long time to try The Mission.  . . Well, don't be like us - Go Now! The Mission is great and not at all what I expected (in a good way). By looking at the menu online I thought this was going to be a stuffy, overpriced, quiet, boring "Upscale Mexican" restaurant OR a Mexican restaurant in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale with great decor and awful food- wrong! . . First of all, unlike so many places in the Valley, The Mission is a standalone building (aka you're not in a strip mall or shopping center. There's a quaint front patio with an over sized fireplace. Then, you walk inside to a dark, chandelier (lots of them) lit bar area and restaurant. The bar was packed, the music was turned up loud and the vibe was great. We were happy to wait for a table because we got to spend some time looking around inside and enjoying the bar. Unbeknownst to us, the restaurant didn't stop there. We were escorted to the adorable back patio covered with lights, a fountain and screened in by tall green trees. I give the vibe and decor two thumbs up. . . So what about the food? So good! As recommended by everyone on Yelp, we did the table-side guacamole and it didn't disappoint. My husband and his dad ordered the pulled pork tacos that included 10 small tortillas on a salt brick to keep them warm - so cool - and all the fixings. They loved them. I had the fish tacos which was absolutely delicious. Don't be fooled by the small portions - the flavors are big and after chips, salsa and guacamole you're perfectly content. . . This restaurant is a great spot for just about anything... a date night, girls night out, dinner with parents, out of town visitors, clients...  We'll absolutely be back.
Definitely a fan of this place.  They had a great mix of good quality and tasty Latin American dishes (not just Mexican).   The drinks were good as well and decently priced for the quality.  Overall great somewhat upscale place to go, but gets loud in the evening time.
Ladies and gents - listen up. If you're looking to impress your date, The Mission should go on your list. Sexy, dimly-lit interior? Check. Spacious yet comfy bar area? Check. Tempting menu with plenty of items to share? Check, check, check. . . I'm a huge fan of tableside guac, and the Mission whipped up a batch just to my liking (maybe less so to my friends at the table.) I'm not a fan of tomatoes with my avo, but feel free to load up on the garlic, onion, cayenne and anything that's extra hot. Yum! I could have made a meal on the freshly-made guac, crispy-thin chips and smoky-flavored salsa alone.. . We were lucky enough to sample a tasting menu, which is how I prefer to eat at restaurants like this where it's easy to be overwhelmed by all the delicious-sounding options. For the life of me, I can't remember every single item we tried, but the pork tacos were a standout and I loved the presentation of the extra tortillas on a salt block. As expected, they have a huge variety of tequilas to choose from, and the margs, caprihinas and mojitos all have an twist. Try the pineapple ginger mojito - it's just as flavorful as it sounds. And the milkshake with churro dessert. You will not be disappointed!
I checked out The Mission when I was visiting my parents in Phoenix because I had read Laura's review, and she generally has awesome taste. Also, I love fancy Mexican food. And The Mission met my high expectations! The atmosphere is really romantic but fun at the same time, I would be just as comfortable there on a date as I would be with some girlfriends. The bartenders were all really nice and the pear basil margarita was amazing. So was the white sangria. I may have been a bit toasted by the time I left. But that's not a bad thing.. . And the food was delicious. We had the chips and guac, and the guac was great - nice spice level where it heated me up but didn't set my mouth on fire. Very nice mix of herbs. The chips were maybe a hair greasy for my taste but that is my only complaint. I had the duck confit which was absolutely delicious, and a huge portion. My friend had the black cod which we agreed was the better dish. It was light, flavorful, just perfect. We split the espresso churros for dessert and they were freaking incredible. I could have taken a bath in the milkshake thing they came with.. . Overall The Mission is highly recommended. Go there!
Great food, great atmosphere and good service. Great place to take someone visiting from out of town.
Beautiful Setting, wonderful menu. We sat outside and had the tableside guacamole. Delicious, even the chips were great. I had the steak which was delicious. My husband had the scallops. He said it was by far the best preparation of scallops he had ever had.
What a pleasant surprise during my recent 6-day trip to Giants Spring Training!!  I went twice this trip--the first time for dinner and another time for lunch before a game.  For dinner, I was in a large group of 8 and the restaurant couldn't have been more accomodating.  We were greeted warmly and seated on time.  Food and drink service was equally friendly and efficient.  Nothing like a few margaritas and table-side guac-to-order to put one in the mood.  Ole!!  My lunch started with a wonderful mojito and some taco sliders.  Much better than ballpark food!  [fyi food at Scottsdale Stadium is MUCH better than Salt River!!  The Rockies, however, are looking good.]. . The Mission is such a find and worth repeating...hopefully, just like our Giants!!. . ps...I felt a little underdressed at dinner in my flip-flops.  Thankfully, the room is dimly lit.  The Mission is definitely a place to impress a date!
The food here was very good and fresh! We were able to try multiple things off of the menu - guacamole, soup, white bean side, salads, and tacos. We just loved the decor of this place! All the leather was beautiful.. . We knocked it down a star because: the server could have been better. While he wasn't awful, we think he was a bit snooty because we didn't order alcohol. Also, the tacos order was TINY! It was almost a joke! But, everything was very good.
Just had a yummy meal at The Mission. The atmosphere is beautiful--candles, chandeliers, and mirrors everywhere--along with tall, attractive patrons. I felt very short as I was waiting for my table with a bunch of other people. It was quite busy (Saturday night), and even though we had a reservation, we still had to wait 20 minutes. But, once we sat down and got drinks--a Smokey margarita and a pear and basil margarita--I immediately felt more content. Both margaritas were good. The pear one was perhaps a little too sweet to go with dinner but would be great as a happy hour drink.. . The food was good, and we ordered way too much. We had: tableside guac with chips and salsa, delicious Peruvian stew, a chicken dish and black halibut (usually black cod). My chicken dish was humongous, which caught me off guard. I could barely finish it, but I can't wait to eat the leftovers. The sauce on the roasted chicken was spicy and delicious. It came with mission fries, which are a mixture of sweet potato and regular fries spiced with cumin and lime.. . The service was friendly and prompt but not rushed. I appreciated that they let us take our time even though the place was packed. I asked the waitress to bring a special dessert for my bf's birthday, and they brought out their signature dessert, the pumpkin bread pudding, along with two lit sparklers that sat upright in a lime. The dessert was full of caramel goodness, and I just "had" to break my dessert fast to have a few bites.. . This place is pricey, but for a special occasion, it's just the place for a fun time.
Very cool ambiance. Table-side guac is great. The chef does anything pork very well. Had the pork belly last visit. Excellent!
I had the pleasure of dining in old town Scottsdale at Mission.  Very quaint and modern Latin.  The food was quite yummy, I had the tostadas before my maui maui tacos and fresh guac and chips oh yeah and sweet potato fries:) I had too!  Everything was fresh and delish and  I will definitely make it back for the pumpkin bread pudding dessert  I didn't have room for.  Mission is one of my new favorites!
Top atmosphere restaurant coupled with great food and service.. . My husband and I ate at The Mission on a Wed. and even during the week reservations are needed. (Open Table). . We SHARED the:. Table Side Guacamole $12.00 (Requested Extra Spicy) -  Good but not amazing like other yelpers have described..... and it wasn't exactly table side because where we were seated on the patio wouldn't allow for the Guac. cart to come through.. . Pork Shoulder (serves two) $32.00 - Amazing and not just because it's pork! The presentation of the tortillas was pleasant and the portion was more than enough for two, although we had to ask for seconds on the tortillas to finish off the great pork meat.. . Drinks: Strawberry & Cinnamon Margarita - Good & Strong for a light weight like myself. . My husband had some sort of Don Julio something or other.. . The dessert was strange, Espresso Churros + milkshake $8.00. Wasn't a fan of the dessert but the meal overall was great.. . The patio is romantic and they offer blankets if you get chilled in the evening air.. . I highly recommend The Mission.
Beautiful beautiful place. Great for a romantic evening out in my opinion.  Quietly classy, yet not ridiculously presumptuous.. . Have not eaten any of their food... this is just based on drinks, service, and ambiance.. . Cool note: Birthday sparkles for the birthday person.. . Free mai tai shots for the whole group because of the birthday.. . it is very dark inside... like how a monastery would look but with crystal accents. (duh). . I'll go back eventually and get a meal.
Not that this restaurant needs another great review, but I couldn't resist because it is one of my favorite places around. The mission is modern Latin and everything on the menu is delicious.  Its a beautiful restaurant with a charming patio. The service is always great and the cocktails are refreshing and strong. Some dishes you must try are the duck empanadas , guacamole, and crispy cola pork to start. The hearts of palm salad is delicious but the pork tacos are absolutely amazing and a big must. Also love the duck and filet entrees have a real depth of flavors. Definitely make a reservation because this place is busy for good reason.
Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
Good food and great service. The facilities are amusing: a lighted wall of blocks of brazilian salt
Great service and the food was spiced perfectly.....better than most any other restaurant than I have ever been to. . . The eggs puzzle me though. They cook their eggs on WAY too high of heat on the morning that I was there. I literally couldn't cut through the eggs with a fork. When I brought it to the servers attention she gladly brought me back a reorder, but the reorder only had 1 egg versus 2. The reordered egg was still inedible from being fried on WAY too high of heat.. . Everything else was fantastic. Oh, and did I mention really hot servers?
The Mission does everything well.  From their creative cocktail menu to the table-side guacamole to the short ribs its all delicious.  There are a lot of options depending on how hungry you are and the Sunday Pig Roast is a great value.  The fried banana dessert is unreal.
I went here last night with a party of 4.  I couldn't believe how crowded this place was for being 8pm on a Tuesday.  We didn't want to wait 30 minutes for a table inside so we sat on the patio.  It was hot as heck outside but they had an AC unit out there and it actually wasn't bad at all.. . We didn't order any drinks but I am for sure next time.  I have to try one of their margaritas.  . . Here is a rundown of the eats:. . *Chips = fresh and perfectly salted. . *Salsa = just eh - it had almost no spice and tasted too tomato pasty for me. . *Guacamole = phenomenal - they make it table side and you can make it exactly how you like it which in my case was with all the fixins' and spicy - it was awesome, just awesome. . * Poblano Grits = creamy and delicious. . * Street Corn = o-m-g - this was my favorite.  I could probably eat buckets of the stuff.  The sauce stuff they put on it is just amazing creamy spicy goodness.  Probably not too healthy though but it doesn't matter because it was fantastic.. . * Tacos (I tried the chicken, steak and squash) = very very good.  The only problem is that they were tiny.  They are literally 2 inches in diameter and at over 4 bucks a pop (you get 3) it kind of pissed me off.  I know it is more than enough food but it still angered me.  Anyway, each one I had was excellent.  The meat was perfectly flavored and juicy and all the ingredients on the taco worked well together.. . I also loved our waiter.  He was very friendly, funny and engaging.  He was so passionate about the place and its food it was almost as if he was the owner or had a stake in the place.. . Enough said.  I cannot wait to return.  I'm still pissed about the size and price of those tacos though.
Great chips and guacamole!  Wonderful tacos and salmon.  Good wine list.  A bit pricey for the quantities.  Will continue to go back andtake friends.
Great food and a good place to go after the Old Town Farmers' Market.. . The guacamole is delicious and not over-rated. They know how to make a great margarita here!
amazing chips n salsa, pork belly app and pazole are favorites of mine. atmosphere is great! a great stop for a step above normal mexican expierence!
Came here with some friends for dinner, and were thoroughly impressed.  Would've given it 5 stars.... not sure why I'm not...?. . Started with Blood Orange margaritas.... my friend ordered mine frozen, prefer the rocks much more.  More flavor, less brain freeze.... . Could drown in a bowl of the table-side Guac.  As others have stated before, perfect combination, spicy without compromising flavor.. . Had the lamb appetizer, tender, juicy, and delicious, and after devouring a ton of chips was enough to fill me up, but my hubby had the diver scallops, and was still hungry... tastes great, less filling.. . Our friends RAVED about the chicken dinner, personally I can't order chicken when I go out to eat.  No matter how good it may be, I feel like I should eat something more exotic.. . Ambiance is everything.  Uber cool spanish decor with a splash of classy flair. Dark, loud, and super sexy.  Fun for dinner with friends, or a hot date.
This is not some super authentic Traditional Mexican restaraunt, it's a sophisticated fusion of a variety of latin influences. It's a 4.25 star meal! . Chorizo Porchetta was  interesting and delicious !  it's not classic Porchetta or a chorizo you'd find in East LA or  the king of Porcetta (Rolo Roti!).. Vegetables Tacos were as good as one could expect.. Try the grits with the horseradish.. The Pork belly appetizers stood out. Punmpkin bread pudding!!!. Listen to your waiter.... Very friendly staff.. . Portions are delicate and small and prices aren't low, but hopefully you are not looking for a "mexican all you can eat". . Only flaw... it is dark... I think the visual experience on this type of food is important...its lost but still a must when in Phoenix/Scottsdale.. . .
This marked our 2nd venture dining on Sunday Pork Tacos and we have loved it both times.  Great deal at $16 for all the pork tacos you can eat (until they run out).  Tecate in the can runs $2 on Sundays (fantastic).  Great food, atmosphere and service.. . First time trying the guacamole.  Good Night!  Outstanding.  Literally, the best I've had be it in a restaurant or elsewhere.  Their chips and salsa are also excellent.  Get in try this place out.  One of our favorites.
I hate going to Scottsdale.  Too crowded, too snooty, and too far.  But I love The Mission.  Yes the ambience is nice, the people are beautiful and the service is great, but its the food that has brought me here four times in two months.. . The posole and sope de elote are great, I mean really good.  The almejas al vapor was okay but not my preference.. . I've had the mahi mahi, the pork shoulder, each twice, and they were both delicious.. . Save room for dessert.  It's worth it! . . This isn't a place for skinny chicks who want a salad.  Bring an appetite, but also bring a few bucks because this place ain't cheap.  . . Make reservations or suffer a very long wait, even in the heat of the summer.
I came here unexpectedly for my birthday dinner. I was plesantly surprised. We had the table side guacamole, the scallops, Pollo a la Brasa, and the fish tacos. All outstanding! For dessert the brought out bread pudding. It was so flipping yummy I could have bathed in it. Will go back to try everything else.
When we get the coveted and rare date night, we almost always try to hit up The Mission. That means we've been here four times since we became parents a year ago.. First up, the guac is a must must must! It's some of the best guac I've ever had. Seriously, I have dreams about it. I could bath in it. And I may, if they ever let me. . Secondly, the drink menu changes fairly often and although a lot them are on the sweeter side (not my fav), they do have one that I've fallen in love with. Avocado margarita- they have a fancy name for it, but it's an avocado margarita. And it's one of the best drinks in town. It may sound weird, but I'm asking you to try it because if you have taste buds, you'll be happy you did.. Third on the list is the pork belly dish. Just eat it. That is all.. And lastly is the halibut. I've had this dish the last two times we've eaten here and I will have it again. The sauce they give you to pour over the dish...oh, the sauce. I would have poured it directly into my mouth if it wasn't frowned upon in Scottsdale.. The killer food is a great compliment to the awesome ambiance (love the chandeliers!) and the people watching. Make a reservation- the secret's out!
We had brunch here and everything we tried was delicious. I t was a tad pricey for what it was. And even though I found the food to be tasty, I think it kept me from going back a second time during our visit. We thought that for that $$, there are tons of other delicious spots to try.
Great spot for good food and great drinks! We sat at the bar and had few Mission margaritas which was great. Then we had the guacamole , table side. It is delicious but not enough for four people. I had the hanger steak ! It was cooked perfect ! I would definitely recommend it!
Great atmosphere and really friendly bar staff. They light the place up with candles every night. The food is great and the only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is because the drinks were a little pricy for what you get.
I came here yesterday with my friend for lunch.  As of now I will give The Mission 4.5 stars out of 5 only because we did not have any entrees, we split several appetizers, so I can't give that extra half star or even maybe take that half star away.. .    We split the brisket torta, which was heavenly.  After my first bite I was in love.  The aji amarillo sauce I could spread all over everything I eat.  Next we had the Almejas Al Vapor and all I have to say is that this soup is transcendental.  I have never tasted anything like this before.  The broth is a yellow pepper base and I never knew you could get this type of sublime flavor from a yellow pepper.  Clams, rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, aji amarillo, and roast corn.  Please bring me more of this delicious soup!!!. .    Then our bartender / waiter brought us out a complimentary order of the grilled street corn.  I do have to say that I am not a fan of spicy food whatsoever but the chile paprika and cojita sauce was done so tastefully that I extremely enjoyed it.. .    The decor, is intimate.  This is a place you would love to take someone to impress them.  Candle holders carved out of Peruvian sea salt, a classy act right there.  Somber atmosphere, at tentative and attractive waitstaff.  Attractive food and an all around great time.  I will be back soon and if not for anything but the soup I will be a very, very happy man.
Having heard Phoenix dining doesn't often extend past 10pm I was admittedly surprised by the people waiting out the door but judging from the number of halter-tops and guys wearing sun glasses at night I quickly realized that The Mission was not all about "dining" after all and on my new friend's arrival we exchanged greetings and made our way through the crowd, across the patio, and into the dimly lit room.  Setting prejudices aside and deciding to let the food do the talking I was pleasantly surprised.  Full review with pictures is in my blog, highlight dishes are below:. . With the kitchen moving surprisingly quickly despite (or perhaps because of) the late hour it would be perhaps fifteen minutes before our first course of the evening would arrive and although something I'd not have traditionally ordered the Almejas Al Vapor would prove to be well worth its "best in the valley" designation.  Described as Peruvian in origin and served in a large low-bowl along with dense "pan de yucca" bread with a good sponge for dipping this complex amalgam of spicy aji Amarillo chile powder, tender clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, roast corn, basil, garlic, and turmeric was everything its ingredients suggested and then some - hot and spicy, smoky and garlicky, sweet but saline, and all the while complex without being overwhelming.  While I personally could have stood for just a bit less salt and a touch more sweet to temper the spice this was a small quibble balanced nicely by the sweet rolls.. . For the second of this round of appetizers my favorite plate of the meal would be presented as "Duck Carnitas Empanada," an invariably upscale take on the traditional empanada with a golden flaky shell harboring orange glazed duck confit and an admixture of habaneros, mushrooms, cilantro, and queso Oaxaca.  Delectable on its own but certainly open to further adornment the empanada was subsequently topped with a chunk of seared foie gras and finally with a foie fortified queso Oaxaca pan sauce and a drizzle of tamarind oil with the end result sweet, savory, and totally decadent.. . Left with a bit more time to digest and a lot less noise as the restaurant's population had literally dwindled by half a mere forty-five minutes after we were seated the final savory of the evening would arrive just after 11pm and as I was doing the ordering it just so happened to be a second round of my favorite fowl, this time the "Green Chile Duck Confit."  Ample in portion and more so in flavor this pile of two legs and two thighs featured a whole lot of duck for the dollar but unfortunately was just a bit less crispy than one would have hoped - a small quibble as it was not greasy, but not "textbook" confit by any means.  Again spicy without being "hot" the duck subsequently topped with sultana serrano peanut mole and paired on the plate with savory "cheesy fried hominy" that tasted something like a cross between popcorn and corn nuts plus smoked mushrooms to help ground the rest of the flavors.. . For dessert The Mission's Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Scotch, Caramel, Pepitas, Pomeganate, and Chipotle seasonings was quite outstanding.  Beginning first with the pudding, almost a steamed sticky pudding in texture, the flavor of the pumpkin, cinnamon, and clove was present in spades and the scotch tones blended nicely with the sweet caramel giving it all a heavy handed boozy bite.  With a touch of spice from the chipotle cooled by quickly melting dulce de leche ice cream I additionally found a lot of appeal in the pumpkin seeds and pomegranate with their respective salty and sweet crunch adding some texture.. . A modest tab, particularly when split, we opted to divide the bill down the middle and with that we made our way to the streets where, as I'd been told, few people were to be found at 11:30pm even on a Saturday.  Saying our goodbyes I made my way to my car satisfied with my meal at the Mission and realizing that perhaps my bias against "scene restaurants" was a bit unfounded, much like my preconceptions about "Southwest cuisine" - a fitting conclusion to my first trip to Arizona and a bit of reassurance that I could undoubtedly live here.  Sure the city shuts down early but to be completely honest by the time we left The Mission it was already nearly 2 hours after my typical bedtime anyway.
This place is fabulous! The food, the drinks, the decor, the service.... Minus one star because they were out of pozole soup. However we had the tecate skirt steak tacos, chipotle Caesar salad, Chorizo porchetta... Highly recommended. Definitely plan on returning for some pork shoulder tacos!
I took a trip from the NY metro area to Phoenix this weekend and local took me here to get a taste of "real" Mexican food. I'm pleased to report that the food here is worth a try when you're in town. . . The restaurant had a wonderful atmosphere, whereas it was dimly lit and had a ton of strategically placed candles. It really made me fee like I was in Phoenix. . . For those of you who've tried Dos Comino's in NYC, Mission is right up there with them. The guacamole was made table side but was a little too spicy even though we asked for medium. Even with the extreme spice it tasted extremely fresh and authentic had the crispy pork belly appetizer and shared the pork shoulder entree with a friend. The corn tortillas were fresh and the pork was fork tender. . . They had negro modello on TAP which I've never seen in the northeast. I ended up dropping $50 on the meal but I thought it was well work it. This place is by no means a hole in the wall southwest US Mexican food restaurant and it knows it.
Went here for the first time for a bachelorette party.. . Loved the decor.  Loved the service.  . .  Street Corn was amazing. I could literally just eat that corn all night long. . . Tableside guac was great. Also had a chipotle ceasar and steak tacos.  The steak was amazingly tender.  I wish the tacos were a little more flavorful, though.. . I would love to go here for a date night, as well.
Loved the courtyard with the fireplace.  Service was excellent.  Guacamole was fantastic and whipped up table side.   One dish was salmon on salad (special order for my wife).  Second main course was filet which was good but the sauce prepared with it was way too salty and is disguised the taste of the meat.   Overall though our best dining experience in Scottsdale this trip.. . Time your reservation to sit outside and enjoy the sunset.
The Mission is a great place to come for a fancier Mexican meal. The atmosphere is trendy and fun, there are a ton of drink options, and the food is quite good. I had:. . - Tableside Guacamole: Rather overpriced at $12 for 1 avocado's worth of mush but perfectly delicious. Everything tastes very fresh and it had the prefect amount of citrus, garlic, cilantro, and spice. . - Butternut Squash Tacos: Yummy! I was nervous that the squash would be too sweet but the flavors ended up working very well together and it was a satisfying savory dish. This is the only vegetarian entree, but I don't think vegetarians suffer with this delicious dish. It isn't all that big so definitely order an appetizer or additional side.. - White Bean Puree: Super delicious and kind of like an awesome mexican take on hummus. . - Espresso Churros with Milkshake: Awesome dessert. I hate coffee flavored desserts and thankfully this one didn't taste a thing like espresso. The churros are warm and soft and taste good on their own or paired with the milkshake. The milkshake is basically a vanilla version of mexican hot chocolate with strong notes of cinnamon and other spices.. . I definitely recommend the Mission as a place to bring a date, your girlfriends, your parents, basically anyone you like.
Would have given them 3 1/2 - food was four star but service made them lose some.. . Gracious hostess who sat us right away at a table near the bar.  Really lovely room and interesting, eclectic blend of Southwestern and other styles.  Lighting was very complimentary to all - gotta love that!. . Good margaritas, delicious skirt steak tacos, the white bean puree was fabulous as were the green beans.  And the pumpkin bread pudding was one of best desserts I've had in some time.. . So what was wrong?  Service was so rushed I felt like there was a timer on the back of our chairs.  Message was loud and clear - hurry up and eat and get out!!!
I came here for brunch with the fam a few weeks ago and loved it. I had the Mission Huevo Ranchero w/ red chile pork and it was delicious. The french press coffee was also really good and they even brought an extra cup set so I could share with my parents.. . Next time, we will have to come back for dinner. It's also not very far from where my parents live and I'm usually in town at least twice a year.
Dined here for the first time on New Years Eve and I couldn't have asked for a more delicious meal.. . We ordered:. 1- Grilled Street Corn: SO delicious. A skewer of corn with butter, chile paprika and cotija. Its spicy and just the right amount of food for a starter. . 2- Guacamole: they make it for you right at your table! You can choose how spicy you want it and can tell your guac mixer to skip the onions. :). . And last but not least.... 3- Roasted Organic Butternut squash Taco's: Spicy black bean sofrito, cumin, coriander+poblano, pickled jalapeno+cotija. These are easily the most delicious vegetarian taco's I have ever had. Delicious and again, not over board on the portions.. . To drink? we ordered the Bitter Bee's. Hendricks gin, lime, basil, AZ honey and grapefruit. I could tell instantly how fresh the grapefruit juice was. If t wasn't squeezed you fooled me! . . We skipped dessert because with all this goodness we were pretty full. We made a reservation for two outside around 5:45pm and had zero issues getting seated as soon as we arrived. We sat at the back patio and while the atmosphere was dimly lit and beautiful for a cozy NYE meal, there was a funky smell coming from, what we guessed, their water fountain. Slowly we became desensitized to the smell and once the food was there, we didn't really notice much else going on around us. Service was great and I can't wait to go back there again.
Some buddies and I went to Scottsdale for a golfing boondoggle last week and a couple of guys in the know directed us to The Mission.. . DANG!. . We let our server, Jonathan, drive the car so to speak.  He quizzed us on our likes and dislikes and brought us our orders (we didn't specifically order).  We had 7 people in our group and every plate was spot on.  . We started with the chicken (thigh) tostadas and the crispy cola pork belly tostadas.  They were great; particularly the pork belly ones.  MAN were those good.  My dinner was the Chorizo Porchetta which brought a big hunk of slow cooked pork that shredded beautifully.  Along side this hunka hunka porky love was a salt block carrying 10 small corn tortillas to build little tacos from.  Some tasty accompaniments: sauce, onion, & cilantro, finished the presentation.  It was a fantastic dish.  The other 6 dishes were just as great.  To note: the honey chipotle grits that my buddy got were super tasty.  Especially when you dumped some of their ghost chili sauce (forget what it was called).  Desert was the Pumpkin bread pudding (YUM!) and fried bananas.  . . All in all, a fantastic place.  Really good.
Second time but first time for dinner. Vibrant atmosphere great food . See you there soon
Service, desserts, and coffee were really good. I thought the brunch entrees were tasty, but not overwhelmingly so. The decor is...something else...makes me think I'm in the newest interpretation of Underworld, but I stopped smirking at it after a while.
such a big fan!  we called for reservations late in the game (around 430 pm for that night) and they were able to reserve us a table at 630 on the patio.  the restaurant has a great atmosphere- not at all what i expected for old town scottsdale.  it's really pretty and nice and a really great place to dine.. . our server was super friendly and attentive and the food was phenomenal! we got the sophia loren cocktail and the avocado margarita- both were strong but delicious.  for food we shared the duck carnitas empanada which was phenomenal, mahi mahi tacos and chorizo porchetta.  the tacos and the porchetta were both a good portion and really delicious.
My wife and I were visiting Old Scottsdale and The Mission was on our short list of places to eat. We ordered the fresh guacamole and it was very good. For the main course I had the Pazole soup and my wife had the skirt steak tacos. The soup was out of this world. Smoked pork in a spicy tomato broth with hominy and avocado. The skirt steak tacos were nice with a charred ouside and tender on the outside. Top it off with a few margaritas with Grand Marnier!
Great atmosphere. Excellent Pork dishes.  Empanadas were really greasy, but otherwise everything was perfect.
Went to this place yesterday for dinner....amazing food, great ambience, good service! A tad too dark though.. . This place was really happening even on a Thursday night but, it is too dark to see your food. It is perfect for a romantic setting where it does not matter what you eat till you date looks good eating it. My boyfriend and I shared the pork taco plate, the tacos are bite-size, never seen such small tacos. We had to order extra tacos (of course, they were not free), but the meat was just awesome. A great place for fun dinner, a little on the expensive side but worth it if you do not want to look at what you are eating.
After doing my Yelp research, this was on my dinner short list. This coincided with a recommendation from a hotel, so off we went. We sat outside in the nice little courtyard. Patio heaters kept things warm. The menu is just long enough. We started with the duck confit empanadas (great!) and got a serving of the pork shoulder tacos to share between the 3 of us (quite good, but the meat could have had a bit more flavour). The crispy cola pork was terrific; crispy flavourful pork on a lettuce cup.. . For my main course I selected the port shoulder and chorizo roll. Our awesome waitress warned us that some people found it could be a bit dry because it gets cooked 3 times. So while you're starting with a piece of meat with plenty of fat, it gets a bit dryer. I tried anyhow and agree a bit -- it was still very good and I don't regret my selection. I tasked my friend's short rib and that was also very good.. . Overall, great experience made by solid food, excellent service, and nice ambiance.
Loved it. My husband wasn't so impressed at first because it was dark, trendy, and packed.  He is was pleasantly surprised at the great food!  The server calmed him down and was very attentive to his discomfort. We had steak tacos and pumpkin bread pudding. I love that kind of atmosphere and my husband...well he doesn't like to to go out of his comfort zone,  and I loved it!!
We had dinner here on a packed Thursday night. The decor and ambiance is top notch. The food was interesting and very good overall. We had to wait a long, long time between courses but the friendly waiter, Sam, made it right by not charging us for several items. Yes, the guacamole was good but a little small for $12. The chips were delicious but needed salt, which we had to ask for. Unfortunately we filled up on the chips and dip before our chicken and scallop mini tacos were served. The pork lettuce wraps were small but very tasty. I told our waiter when we first sat down that I was a big fan of grits and he said could get both types with my order but it never came. When I mentioned it at the end of our meal, he quickly brought me a tiny taste of the honey grits (no charge) which were spicy and sweet and a little strange. It probably would have tasted better if I had tried it before I was so full. Ditto for the pumpkin banana bread pudding, which was huge. I left feeling over stuffed and sick, which is something I never, ever do. I would go back but I would order less food and just stick to one dish along with the guacamole and bread pudding.
The food and cocktails at this place are amazing - beyond comparison. I have not eaten one bad thing off of their menu. I am not a margarita person AT ALL but my friend insisted I try their primarita (essentially a skinny margarita) and it was amazing. Probably what all margaritas are supposed to taste like. I crave them.. . Their guacamole is phenomenal - fresh and made right in front of you to your taste. You really can't get any better without going to Mexico and eating at at a mom and pop restaurant. The pork shoulder is great and the skirt steak is to die for. This is also a great brunch spot - the green chile chilaquiles are outstanding. . . They are on the pricey end but their entrees are shareable. I love the dark, candlelit ambience. Perfect for pretty much any occasion: date night or bachelorette party. . . Cautions: it seems next to impossible to get a weekend dinner reservation between 6pm and 9:30pm. I don't know if these are blocked out by default on Open Table. Your best bet is to make your reservation well in advance and call them directly. I have never been to this place as a walk-in for dinner. Service has also been hit or miss. I seem to get an excellent server or a really bad one.
Loved my night at the Mission. It was a warm, March night. Expect a wait, we were on the list for about an hour, but no worries, we went to a nearby bar for margaritas. . Sat on the patio, it was a mellow scene outside, much louder and darker inside. . . Get the table side guacamole. It was one of the best guacamoles I'd ever had and watching the guac chef whip it up from his little cart was pretty fun. (Disclaimer: I am highly partial to the avocado and would probably eat them rotten.) . . Steak tacos were delish. So simple - steak, avocado, lime in corn tortillas. The chicken were good but not our favorite. . . Mojito was delicious although they added fizzy water which isn't my favorite. . . Service was great. Would definitely return here for another night.
As far as food goes I REALLY enjoy The Mission, I have been here 4 or 5 times and have always liked what I've had and I've usually been able to try different things. Their brunch, lunch and dinner menus are all very good and unique. . . My favorite item on the lunch menu in the Cubano Torta, it's excellent. For brunch they have really good bloody marys too. I have never actually had anything I didn't like, but like all restaurants some things are better than others. . . I believe The Mission is located in an old church so the setting is different, however it is very dark and that has been a problem for some of the people I have been with (my mother mainly). . . The service has been great everytime I have been seated at a table, but the two times I have gone just for drinks at the bar the service was awful. Both times I actually left annoyed because their service was so poor. . . Overall, I think it's a great place to eat and an especially good place to take out of town guests who are wanting to try a more upscale Mexican restaurant.
This high end Latin-American food restaurant was actually a last minute decision. I use to play in a youth orchestra that was hosted just next door in the old mission and didn't know this was now a restaurant. The ambiance is dim and romantic. Definitely has a Spanish feel. The patio is amazing, especially on a clear, starry, warm night. The patio is cozy with a large brick fireplace, comfortable chairs, and a secluded location a midst downtown Scottsdale. The menu is to die for! So many unique foods: Peruvian clam stew, swordfish, octopus, etc. My friend and I each got a drink- the capirinhia was ok. Nothing special. The cheese place was very tasty and had a lot of variety of flavors to mix, but there wasn't much to eat. My friend got the swordfish entree. Mmm! Very hearty fish with 2 sides. The flavoring and seasoning is what made the dish. I got the Creekside filet *the most expensive dish on the menu*. SO worth it! The filey mignon was cooked rare (though I asked for medium), but again the spices and seasoning were so unique and savory, I took my time enjoying each bite! It came with a side of white bean grits (also very tasty, but filling). If you want a great night out with a group or a romantic dinner for 2, go here. By the way, I believe his name is Johnathan, but he's a great server and honest about the menu selections.
I loved this restaurant.  This is a great place to have a date, gorgeous inside and the atmosphere was amazing.  The food was soooo good too.  Now for the one bad part, the music inside was so loud that my date and I were basically shouting to hear each other.
Visited The Mission based on Yelp reviews when visiting Scottsdale. Upon walking in I immediately felt a sense of awe for the atmosphere was great. I loved the old chandeliers and religious themed decor. They had a nice mix of contemporary and Victorian style decor. There was only one thing that bothered me about the atmosphere - the music. I thought it wasn't appropriate for the theme of the restaurant. It was house electronic music. There could have been a deeper meaning for it but I wasn't getting it.. . First we got the guac - which as hand mixed right in front of you! We agreed it was the best guac we have ever had. . . I got the mahi mahi tacos and my girlfriend got the vegetarian tacos. My tacos were so so. I felt that the batter was too thick and tasteless. Mahi Mahi is generally a tasteless fish (in my opinion) so I felt it needed something to give it a kick. The tarter style sauce just wasn't cutting it. I don't think I'd recommend the Mahi Mahi.. . However, the vegetable tacos were incredible. They were so sweet and flavorful. Highly recommend them. They are definitely unforgettable ! . . The only reason I give The Mission 4 stars was because my meal wasn't that great. I am sure there are so many items on this menu that are so awesome, like the guac and my girlfriend's tacos.
My friends and I went here for Sunday brunch/lunch this past weekend after we found that R&R had a two hour wait. We wandered here by chance and I'm really glad we did. It is such a cute place with warm decor and awesome chandeliers. Totally my style. We were waiting for a table but decided to go ahead and eat at the bar since the table we were at was comfy enough for our group. We ordered a variety of menu items including chilaquiles, a beef torta, the chicken and waffles dish and a side of chipotle honey grits. Everything was to die for! Our bellies were full and happy - always a sign of a good time. Our server, Lauren, was super nice and really helpful. This place was busy but in a good way and I plan on going back for more!
Love the atmosphere, food, drinks and service!. Mike the bartender makes a great drink called the Game Changer. I would highly recommend!
we came here with a group that i work with.  I am very impressed with the architecture and decor.  our waiter was a young man named sam (I am) who was very entertaining and knowledgeable.  He suggested a tequila I had never heard of, it was very good.. . i shared the pork shoulder, thinking it would be huge, but it was not that much food.  still, very high quality and many new flavors.  . . as with other reviewers i am completely addicted to the pumpkin pudding.. . for those of you who like tequila, this is the place.  i think i counted about four dozen different kinds.  (but no jose Cuervo reserva de familia, the very best in all the land!)....also flights of tequila so you can sample.. . altogether, the mission is a delight, especially if others are footing the bill!. . mike
The locals of the area took us here to The Mission, right in the cute downtown area of Scottsdale. It's very trendy Mexican food - lights are dim, music is playing loudly, and everyone is super dressed up and ready to have a good time. We ordered. - Pork Belly: decent. The coolest thing about this dish though, is the fact that the tortilla was served on this giant brick of clear salt - super cool.. - Salsa: SPICY and tasty. - Guacamole: THE BEST GUAC I HAVE EVER HAD! It was made right next to the table after you order it. It has pumpkin seeds, and I don't know what kind of crack, but i could not stop eating it.. . And for entree, I had. - Hangar Steak with house margarita, which were just okay. Apparently the steak taco is supposed to be very good, maybe i should have ordered that instead.. . This place is seriously super trendy filled with dressed up people. Nice for a great evening out.
Took friends for their 1st time to The Mission, I really wanted to know their opinions on their first visit, as I have been several times.  I really enjoy this place, it's inviting, the hostesses are so friendly and I just love the front patio when they have the fireplace going. They already had drinks from the bar, but I came in a little later and it took quite awhile before I got my first drink. =-(. They sat us right away...as I had made reservations via Open Table, and our server was right there and ready to serve.  The place is always dark with lots of candles and after the sun goes down they will open up the windows.  There is a back patio and it is lit nicely.  Too hot to sit out in the summer.  Now for the food, we order chips and salsa to start...pretty standard, but when they brought in the extra hot salsa.....there you go.  It was awesome!  Way to hot, but if you mix it with the regular salsa, it's good. The guacamole is very, very good.  NIce presentation too, as they make it at your table.  We all ordered from the special menu that night and neither one of us were disappointed.  If you ask your server what their favorite is.....they will not point you in the wrong direction.  My server stated the Halibut was especially good that night...and that's what I went with.  Delicious!!. . The only complaint that night was our drinks took awhile, but they made up for it when we raved about the hot hot salsa and she gave me a take home container.  Nice touch!
I was initially planning to take my lady to the highly recommended Quiessence in Phoenix, but when a freak dust storm interfered with our plans, we found ourselves detouring in Scottsdale and Yelping for a good dinner place. . . This place is seriously quite excellent.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is because I think they overcooked one dish and opted not to seat us inside when they easily could have (we didn't have a reservation so it is possible I'm not being considerate here).  The vegetarian options were excellent and I really liked our waiter--totally knowledgeable and accommodating.  . . Definitely going to come back here next time I'm out there.
This is really 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up.  The food is interesting--sort of a nouveau Latin cuisine with strong Mexican influences.  I'm only giving The Mission 3.5 stars because I thought the food was more beautiful than delicious.  My dad had the pork which was cooked appropriately for medium rare, but was a bit on the bland side.  I had the butternut squash tacos which looked wonderful--extremely colorful, but were also on the bland side in spite of the fresh lime wedges and slices of red chili (these tacos were also a bit pricey, $12 for 3 and the tortillas were the size of small sugar cookies).  My husband did seem satisfied with his hanger steak tacos.  Even though we planned on getting dessert, the consensus was that our dinner hadn't been particularly impressive so we opted to go elsewhere.. There are a lot of rave reviews on yelp for the guacamole.  It was good, but not phenomenal and, at $12, it tied for the most expensive guacamole I've ever had (tie with a Mexican restaurant in NYC).
I went to the Mission this weekend for the first time in a couple months.  (My wife and I generally find ourselves there at least once a month--it's our favorite spot in town).  But since I hadn't been in a while, I forgot how great it is.. . Ambiance: Couldn't get any better.  Candlelit and romantic.  Music is always hip--tends to get pretty loud on the weekends. . . Service: We've had probably 5 or 6 different servers.  They are always friendly and full of knowledge about the menu, and great at making recommendations. . . Food: Amazing.  I had the green chile duck this time.  One of my new favorites.  My wife always gets the peruvian stew and the black cod.  Perfect. (We never skip out on dessert.  The pumpkin bread pudding is to die for.). . Drinks: Eclectic wine selection--mostly stuff I don't know about, but we had south american pinot noir that was delicious.  Also, take a look at the tequila flights! (if you dare...) The margaritas are supposed to be the specialty here...Love the blood orange and their "skinny".  Did NOT love the ginger and spice one.... . Experience: My only issue is that the meal tends to be distracting, as the tables are quite close together, and there is ALWAYS hustle and bustle in this place, so I wouldn't necessarily use it for important nights (i.e. proposals or something).  But for a night out on the town, and to see some of Scottsdale's prettiest people, I wouldn't miss it.
OMG!  I am so dragging my boyfriend here!
Is it "Location! Location! Location!" or "Ambiance! Ambiance! Ambiance!"? The Mission has both; it's in an ideal location to begin a night out on the town, and the restaurant's low lighting and sexy decor will had me feeling just as spicy as the Latin-infused fare.. . My favorite dish, hands down, was a side of creamy grits with chipotle and honey. Everything was tasty, duck empanadas, pork belly pibl, guacamole, though nothing especially stood out as much as that humble side of grits mixed with perfection.. . The service was a little over-attentive, but the guy was sweet and obviously trying his best. And he was Johnny-on-the-spot with the wine, so who can really complain about a few interruptions? . . Sexy restaurant. Satisfying food.
Absolutely delicious and unique food in a fantastic ambience- even our teenage daughters gave it thumbs up on cool factor...
Great food but felt overpriced when we got the bill.  We shared several appetizers and a drink each (2 couples) and it ended up being about $60/couple.
Since moving here, I needed to find the perfect "special dinner" place. You know what I mean, we all have one. It is our go to place for a special event, birthday, date or family visit. And while I have not had that many special events yet, I have had some family visits. And my parents only stay at the Saguaro hotel when they come to Phoenix. But more on that later. . . So whenever they are in town, we will go to The Mission. It is just a great place for a nice dinner without it being too stuffy. While every meal I have had there has been great, I cant honestly remember what I ate. But I do remember the guacamole. As a fat foodie, I love when a dish is prepared table side. And they do this for the guacamole, and it is the best guacamole I have ever had. How do I know this? I hate guacamole. I try to never eat on purpose, but when I go to The Mission that part of me dies. And I inhale this stuff. So you have to try the guacamole is what I am getting at. And order their house margarita or their Blood Orange margarita (if it is still on the menu). Another thing that becomes costly, because they go down so smooth and taste so good before you know it your a little drunk. . . I have never had service problems. And both times I have gone, it has been packed. And while it does get loud, you can still hear yourself. Try to get a seat outside in the back. Nothing fancy about it but it just a great outside setting that is not patio or Jimmy Buffet themed (sorry, tex-mex places with outdoor seating usually go down the Buffet route). . . Also the drinks are not watered down. Trust me.
Went for a late lunch.  Guacamole was good, as was the sangria margarita that I had (yes, it's a mix of the two, forgot what the actual name was called).. . Got a torta, and the meat was marinated well.  A little sweet but not too sweet.  Portion size was huge.  The fish tacos were good also.. . Service left more to be desired and I'm particularly irked that they didn't log in my Opentable reservation.  I was contacted by Opentable after my visit asking why I didn't show up for my reservation.  It all got sorted out but shouldn't have happened in the first place.
Loved the guacomole, and the atmosphere.
I went there for an anniversary dinner, just my wife and I. It is a dark restaurant with tight seating. Very busy when we were there. Great service. Honestly some of the best guacamole I've ever had and I eat it a lot. Delicious desserts. Expect smaller portions though, it's part of the fancy vibe they have. I'm not going to be eating there often, but every time will be great.
Had a buddy of mine take me and my wife here and I wasn't all that hungry because he likes to eat much earlier than I do. I loved the atmosphere and will definately try it again. I liked my dish but like I said I wasn't all that hungry.
Made our first visit to The Mission a few weeks ago to celebrate our friends birthday.  Our reservation was for 8 pm and my hubby and I were about 20 minutes early.  The table wasn't quite ready yet so we had a seat in the little "waiting area."  The sweet hostess brought us some cute little complimentary margarita tasters.  A nice touch I thought for waiting.  The cantelope one was nice and refreshing.  . . Once our table on the patio was ready we were escorted outside to the nicely lit back patio-it had a nice vibe to it.  I was pleased to find out our waiter was Sam.  I had read in other Yelpers reviews that Sam was the man.  And he was! He was very informative, checked on our table at all the right times and didn't bug us too much.  He had a great personality and made our experience even more enjoyable.  So all in all our service was top notch!. . The food:  I see other people complaining-maybe they don't understand that The Mission is more of a gourmet latin american restaurant (read: smaller portions).  But that didn't bother me.  My barbacoa tacos were absolutely delicious!  Small tortillas but piled with barbacoa-just the way it should be!  . . We all enjoyed the tableside guacamole-made to perfection.  For my drink I had The Missionary-a perfect blend of margarita and sangria.  (I had a few of those actually).  Everyone at our table raved about the excellent food and drinks-we were all pleased.  . . Sam ordered a pumpkin bread pudding for my friend the birthday girl.  We ended up ordering two more as they were absolutely amazing!  I don't even like bread pudding but I do love pumpkin so I tried it.  . . The Mission is an ideal spot for a date night or for a nice spot to gather with friends for a special occassion.  We will be back several times in the future!
Sorry, it's been a while since I've been to the Mission; but reading someone else's review made me realize; I need to YELP.  Whenever I see corn on the menu; I have to get the street corn - yummy!!!  Just always have to get extra napkins; since it's messy. Also, since someone else paid; we tried the Pork Shoulder tacos to share.  It was plenty of food for the 2 of us.  Love the atmosphere and will definitely be back for the corn and will have to try the posole...
Awesome!
Such a fan of this restaurant. I have been for brunch, lunch and dinner. Each time I have visited, I have had fantastic service. I love the style and ambience of the restaurant. I love the location and how it was actually a mission at one point. I don't think they missed a mark anywhere with this restaurant. When the food, service, and ambiance are all in sync, you have yourself one fantastic restaurant on your hands. My recs would be the table side guac, shrimp tacos, street corn, grilled prawn salad, and the peruvian clam soup!!!!! I am in love with that soup! You can't go wrong with anything though! Oh and the margaritas are top notch, especially the Primarita. It is more expensive but so worth it! I also love the red sangria. . . The curros are also mind blowing. I can go on forever about this restaurant. It is one of my favorites in old town! Hands down!
Solid spot!
I really like this restaurant.  Drinks, appetizers, and deserts were all 5 stars.  Dinner was good, just not great.  I think they are guilty of just being a little over ambitious with there main selections.  I had the chirizo porchetta and it looked and sounded great, but it was just average....the pork was overcooked and driedout.  My wife had the swordfish veracruz and she liked it, but thought it was kinda boring.  Overall, still a very good experience, but not 5 stars.  I will go back though as the restaurant and ambience is beautiful and the service was superb.
The food and drinks here are amazing! 5 stars for sure! I have to deduct a point for service though, the last 2 times we dined here, it seemed to take forever to get drinks, and the servers aren't very good at explaining dishes, nor are they personable. . . The cucumber Jalapeno margorita is one of my favorite drinks around. . We always start with the guacamole (make sure you order it spicy, its really not that hot) and it never fails us. For entrees, my gf always gets the tecate steak tacos and they are fantastic. last time i had the pork shoulder tacos for two, and wow, were they flavorful. love the street corn here too. I had one of the steak dishes once as well, and I can't say I was disappointed. It was cooked perfect, and full of flavor. . . This is one of our favorite restaurants for the time being, i just wish the service was a little better.
I was very impressed with The Mission.  Immediately walking in, I was struck by the romantic atmosphere. It was dimly lit, but had lots of candle light and chandeliers.  I really thought the restaurant was just beautiful and felt intimate.  . . Our service was excellent.  We had table-side guacamole, halibut, and porchetta. The margaritas were really good- I love margaritas!  . . My boyfriend took me to The Mission at the recommendation of some friends. I'm so glad we went because it was a really special experience. I want to go back the next time we are in Scottsdale!
I really like The Mission.  My second trip here for lunch and it didn't disappoint.  . . We had a larger group with us this time but everyone loved their meal.  The guacamole is outstanding, we ordered two this time because it's so good.  Chips are fresh and the salsa has a wonderful tomato puree base with a medium heat.  Chicken Anticuchos were a big hit, I didn't try them but everyone at the table gave them rave reviews.  I had the butternut squash tacos, I love these the flavor is incredible.  Husband tried the Cuban sandwich this time and thought it was excellent, another at our table tried the brisket sandwich - also giving rave reviews.  One person ordered the pozole and everyone went nuts for it!. . I also ordered a side of the white bean puree - if you even just kind of like beans, try this it is so delicious!!  I could have ordered three sides of this as my meal. I gave everyone a taste and I could see them waiting to pounce if I left a speck in my bowl.. . There is a public lot across the street which makes parking a breeze.  The ambiance is nice, big bar with TV's, tight tables with dim lighting in the interior restaurant, nice patio seating out front.  Service has been excellent both times but the hostess staff is similar to the interior lighting - dim.. . My next move is to go at night for dinner and try some margaritas.
Bravo!. . Went for dinner, and liked it so much, went back two nights later.. . Name it, service, cuisine, ambiance (you need a flashlight or candle to read the menu), or friendliness...this is the place!. . Date night? Yes. Celebration? Yes. Gourmet enrichment? Yes. The guacamole ROCKs, order it! The street corn rocks, order it!  The grits (both types) rock, order both! Try any recipe with pork shoulder. Each bite is a celebration of flavor. I was pounding on the table with joy. Pumpkin bread pudding was a celebration of wonder. Order it.. . Don't come without a reservation unless you feel lucky. We saw people being turned away. Come hungry. They limit your time...so say for a 5:15 reservation, they politely indicate when being seated that you have until 7 (rare, but they do it well). This didn't bother us at all as we had plenty of time.. . This place is a Scottsdale must, possibly even a Phoenix must. You MUST dine here.. . Bon appetit!
Great quality food and ambiance for a 1:1 meal. The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was b/c the portion sizes were small. For the price I was a bit surprised I didn't see a bit more come out.. . Everything else was fantastic and I would visit this restaurant again.
Came in for lunch & drinks while on vacation and instantly fell in love with the decor and ambiance, what a great place.. . Our second love was the guac - seriously...the BEST I have ever had. If there was guac in heaven, this would be it. So freaking good.. . Both the hus and I opted for different tacos, all of which were delish & the service was great. Definitely a great spot for lunch and I imagine and even better place for dinner & bar atmosphere.
Awesome food and good service. We were there for my birthday and sat on their very nice, intimate patio. I would definitely return.
The Mission is a wonderful restaurant located in Old Town Scottsdale and priced accordingly.. . We came here this past Friday night around 5;30 or so.  Over drinks and our meal, we keep discussing the term In-elasticity of demand.  That's economics, for how high you can raise prices before consumers will start cutting back.  . . You see the food at The Mission is excellent!   It's delicious!  It's outstanding!  But, judging on how they pack them in, the investors who own The Mission, could easily raise prices by 10 or 20%, and no one would blink an eye.. . Hopefully, you're not reading my Yelp Reviews for Economics lessons. But to find out about the dining experience and food.  LOL . . Since there is no Happy Hour at The Mission, we were lucky to get a table near the bar.  We ordered the "made at your table" Guacamole for $12.00.  Excellent!  If you do not believe me -- checkout the nearly half dozen photos other Yelpers have posted for this one menu item.  Yes, it's very good.  They cut up one avocado, add a pinch of salt, red onion, half a lime, cilantro, pine nuts and some grated mexican cheese. Creamy texture and yummy.. . We ordered a glass of Sangria for $8.00. and a Mohito for $12.00.  Both were very good, though each had too much ice.  We also ordered off the appetizers menu the Chicken Anticuchos for $8.00, and Skirt Steak tacos for $12.00. . . The chicken comes on two skewers, with a very nice tasting mole that dominates.  It's seasoned with raisin, balsamic, sesame ,cocoa and peanuts.  Very nice.  The three small steak tacos were marinated in Tecate and smoked in their back yard. It's the smokey taste that makes the dish unique.  It also comes with green chili salsa, some diced avocado, cilantro and cotija on top.  These too were delicious and hit the spot.  . . A shout-out to fellow Yelp'er Pepper T, who coined the term "Petite proteins" in her review.  Nicely said Pepper!  I believe it's nouveau cuisine.. . We ordered one more drink before asking for the check.  The damage came to just over $69 including taxes, but before tip.  As I mention in the begining, The Mission gets very crowded and can feel claustrophobic.  It's also dark inside, and at times can be very noisy.. . After the show at the Permorming Art Center down the street, we thought about coming back for dessert. But there was about twenty customers waiting outside to be seated.  Maybe next time.  In-elascity of Demand as they say.
Seriously folks, get the fresh made-at-your-table guac.  It's the best I've ever had!  Damn!  that was delicious!  The pork belly appetizer is also delicious and fatty and succulent.  My wife and i had the pork shoulder tacos.  Meh...  I thought it was juicy and tender, but lacked some flavor.  But then desert came, I had the fried bananas.  OMG! Super guilty desert.  So good with the chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, peanut butter fluff and ice cream.  You can just skip the main course and go from appetizers to desert.  That would work!
I went to this restaurant on a business dinner.  First the atmosphere and decor is spot on.. . I am not typically a fan of guacamole, but WOW!!  Reminded me of the old steak restaurants that would fix a Caesar salad at your table.  The server came to the table, asked how hot we wanted our guacamole and fixed up a fresh serving.  It was fantastic.. . The rest of the food was quite good.  Two of us had the duck confit and two the flat iron steak.  I would have the duck again when I go back.. . The only reason I didn't mark 5 stars is that our server wasn't that great.  Forgot for about 10 minutes to bring some drinks to the table, etc.
Nice place and the staff was fantastic.  There is a casual vibe to the place and the food was upscale Latin.  That being said; small portions at a high price.. Great place for drinks and conversation with food being an afterthought.
Called in a take out order on Tuesday night at 8:00 and waited on hold for 8 minutes. They said they were unusually slammed and they were.  Expectations were set to pick up the order in 10-15 minutes at the bar.  Not a terrible estimate. Arriving 25 minutes after ordering I found the bar at sold out to the lovely Shae. Every seat was filled. Every employee that I interacted with was great!  Even while onhold placing the order. I was tended to several times with an update as to when my order would be taken. FOOD, let's get to the food. The Butternut Squash Tacos were the most petite little things. Seemingly small portioned these tacos were satisfying. The squash was perfectly cooked and there was a blend of black beans and sun flower seed to lend some protein. The guacamole was unique with Parmesan, sun flowers and a bit of smoke. The salsa was also an Arbol smoky.  The HEAT challenged my mojo. I thought I wanted a 7 out of 10 kind of heat. They gave me mild with a side of the pure goodness. The smoke definitely comes from the hot sauce. It's a heat that build for a few seconds and lights on fire when you try to wash it down. MEDIUM was plenty.   The Pumpkin Bread Pudding was all the reviews promised.
Relativly new joint in Old Town.   very innovative margaritas.  Went midday so we had the quac and tostadas.  The patio is lovely.  bring your wallet though... not exactly cheap
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. It's such a nice departure from the Mexican food you find on every corner. This "Latin American" food is flavorful and fun, there is really no comparison to anything else around. If you're a fan of pork, you'll be in heaven. Sure, the tacos are tiny but they are filled to the top with the good stuff-meat and seafood. Who cares about the tortilla? . Tableside guacamole is fantastic. Pork belly can't be beat. The pork tacos, seafood tacos (especially the scallops), and the beef short ribs are some of the best things I have ever tasted. The drinks are expensive but they are yummy.. I like the presentation of the tortillas on the salt blocks and the salt wall around the kitchen is pretty cool. The decor is very nicely done with two huge patios that are perfect for Arizona evening dining or enjoying a cocktail in the sun.. They get knocked one star because service is not consistent. I have been here four times now, twice the service was over-the-top, best waiter/waitress I've ever had. The other two times were just average wait staff, not bad, but why go back to the Honda when you've had the Bentley? Otherwise, everything else is perfect.
After a long day on our business trip in Phoenix, my friend and I looked up a good place to relax and hang out for dinner and came across Mission on Yelp. We decided to stop by this place at around 6pm and, boy...thisplace was full aleady! There was a line already coming out of the restaurant...and as we inquired, it would already be another 1.5 hr of wait time! Luckily, there was just the last 2 spots left at a bar, so we decided to just grab those spots to forgo the actual restaurant seatings. There at the bar, we were able to order restaurant food as well....so we opted for (...ready for this?....*drum rolls**):. . appetizer:. table-top guacamole. crispy pork. pork belly. . main course:. duck confit. pork taco. . dessert:. pumpkin bread pudding with fresh pomegrenate toppings. . yea...I know...we were total pigs..but hey..the food was so good!! They brought out all the ingredients and customized the table-top guacamole for us according to how spicy we wanted it and what we wanted in there. The crispy pork/pork belly were also bite sizes (though still in good portions!)...and were delicious treats to us! I love the food there so much even though after eating all those dishes...I felt like I could never really have any Latin American/Mexican food for the next few months! The biggest let down though was the pumpkin bread pudding. It really didn't taste like bread pudding at all. It tasted more like pumpkin bread soaked in some sort of syrup and just topped with fresh pomegrenate seeds.  If I ever get to go there again, I would just skip desserts and only go for appetizers/main coruses there. Total damage to our wallet (e.g. cost without tip) was around $130, including soda/2 cocktails.. . By the time we left (8:30pm), the bar/restaurant were both completely packed! I saw a couple waiting for a table just anywhere (bar/restaurant) and I felt like they must have been waiting at least 1+ hour! yikes!!. . so...suggestion to all,...go early! eat lots..and be merry! :)
Had the tostados for appetizer and shared the pork shoulder tacos.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The handmade corn tortillas were perfectly sized and made.  I am usually not a fan of modern fusion cuisine and always love the simple street soft taco like King Taco back home in LA.  But this place didn't loose any of that simplicity by making it their own.  Both dishes were done with just enough "flair" to add to the dish instead of taking away from it.  Definitely a place I'd recommend and come back for.  Everything was great.. We sat at the bar and the service was excellent too.
Brunch on a Sunday.... This was exactly what we were looking for!. . Setting:. The weather was perfect so we dined on the patio at a corner table with an umbrella.. The corner table had bench seating on one side and chairs on the other and it was actually quite comfy.. There's a raised planter in between you and the side walk to give a bit of separation from you and the street.  It's a fairly quiet street (even with Spring Training fans walking around) so it wasn't loud.. Great place to hang out and relax.. . Starters:. Bloody Mary and Mimosas. I had the BM... it was very good.  I wanted to order another one but figured I'd better "be good" and only have one.. Mom sucked down her Mimosa.... She wanted another one too but she refrained.  :). . Fresh, Table-side Guacamole...  So!  Good!. They make it to your preference... so if you don't like onions or cilantro or whatever then you can omit what you don't like.  But let me tell you... all the ingredients were Excellent.  We opted for Medium heat and it was perfect... the heat from the pepper balanced the creaminess of the avocados.... Oh and the roasted pepitas on top were like the "can't live without sprinkles on a cupcake".  Next time I make guac... I'm adding a a bit of pepitas.  These add anice flavor, crunch and texture to the dip.. . I ordered the Chicken Torta with an egg on top (it was brunch so I figured an egg would make it breakfast-y)... Mom ordered the Green Chilaquiles and the husband ordered the Chorizo Scramble.. . The husband's Chorizo Scramble was good and the Chorizo had lots of flavor and a bit of a kick.  But overall, I was unimpressed with the dish.  It was your basic egg dish.. . My Chicken Torta was really cheesy... I don't mean it was silly... I mean... there was lots of cheese on it.  This isn't a bad thing if you love cheese. I didn't realize this so next time (because there will be a next time)... I'll order something a little lighter.  This dish was meaty and filling.  I didn't recognize most of the ingredients but it sure was tasty... plus it had nice heat which made the cheese a little less overpowering.  It's a pretty big dish... I didn't finish it... so the husband helped me out.. . Mom's Green Chilaquiles was Awesome!  BIG too!  I called them Gourmet Nachos.  Just thinking about them makes my mouth water.  If you're adventurous and have never tried these before.... Order these with a beer.  Total comfort food.  :). . Service:. Great!. Super friendly and accommodating.. Since we were one of the first for brunch ... they let us pick where we wanted to sit.
Great ambiance and service, plus delicious food and margaritas!
Probably the best guacamole I've ever had and it was made to order table side. Simple ingredients, but incredibly tasty.  We also had Duck Carnitas Empanada: duck, foie gras, orange, habanero, oregano, mushroom, and queso oaxaca and pork shoulder tacos with a pineapple glaze served with handmade corn tortillas. The tortillas were placed on top of a large brick to keep them warm. We also enjoyed a side of fresh corn made with butter, chile paprika & cotija. It typically comes on the cob, but we made a special request to have it shaved.. . Very hipster & trendy vibe.  Right up my alley.  What a great looking group of people dining at this awesome establishment, except none were Asian.  Yeah they're lacking with the Asians in Arizona.  At any rate, I can totally see Bobby Flay dining at this joint.
The Mission ... where I fell in loved with my new favorite drink ... AVOCADO Margarita.    When I saw this on the menu it was like huh?  Really?  But after my first sip I fell in love.  I'm basically a lush and will drink anything and everything, but rarely do I fall in love with a drink as I have you.. . Even tho I don't live in Scottsdale I plan on coming back to visit you again.  Maybe have another secret rendezvous before it hits triple digits there.  Although I cannot lie if I do see this on a menu elsewhere I will have to cheat on you, but it will mean nothing.  What we have is special I swear.  I will dream about you until we meet again.. . Oh minus one star for all the flies on the patio.  Maybe invest in some Citron candles?
Only ordered apps.. Excellent guacamole made table side. great grilled corn. Duck empanadas were delicious, but could have done with just the insides, so savory. . Good margarita selection. Good wine selection. Great service. Good ambiance.
Well decor, high end. Food are interesting and well cooked. . I enjoyed Chicken Anticuchos, Green Chile Duck Confit(really tasty, sweet, rich with hominy),
Pros-. . Good location, not in a congested part of Old Town. Good service. Had the Chilean Salmon which was unbelievable. Table side Guac which is awesome. Tasty Margaritas. . Cons-. . A bit pricey . Gets a little claustrophobic inside. Very noisy on a Saturday night. . Will definitely go back and try the tacos and get some more ritas.
If you are in need of a light meal, don't overlook the Pozole.  It is amazing, assuming you like the flavor of ham.  The little corn tortillas are perfect with this, and the guacamole.  Also, don't overlook the corn on the cob, street style.  Really yummy.. . We also thought they make the best margaritas we'd had in a while.  Loved the ginger & cilantro one, and also loved the pink grapefruit, which was in the soft-serve freezer that they use instead of a blender for slushy margaritas.. . The decor is very cool.
After a night of drinking with friends in Old Town, we walked over to the Mission to grab a bite to eat.  Although it was late for dinner by Scottsdale standards (9 pm), the place was packed.  We waited at the bar for our table and had a few cocktails.  After a short wait, we were seated.  . . We browsed the menu while we were having cocktails, so we knew what we wanted.  I ordered the Steak Tacos ($12).  After a short wait they came out.  I took one bite and became a fan!  The quality of the ingredients was evident...the Tacos were delish.. . Service was  pretty good as well.  The first thing I thought about after leaving the restaurant was coming back on a date night with the Wife.. . Return Factor - 90%
Husband and I there last Sunday for late brunch.  Even though it was a very warm day it was crowded and dark inside so we opted for the patio dining. (I do like the "speakeasy" effect of the restaurant decor.) Food choices were not extensive for brunch but we had the guacamole prepared tableside.  It was delicious, very chunky and full of goodies.  We ordered medium; it was a little too hot for me but husband likes the heat!  He had the all you can eat pork tacos and I had the steak tacos.  Sides we ordered poblano grits ( I like any kind of grits but these were excellent, not too hot) and the pureed black beans (nice with slight garlicky flavor).  I had 2 pomegranite margaritas.  The first one went down so nice I couldn't resist.  One of the best of this flavor margarita I've ever had.  Only downside was pesky flies on the patio--they need to address this, but food/drink excellent.
It's still so good. . . Wonderful cocktails supplied by the sweet and capable Brian at the bar. Table side guacamole is just amaze - bright flavors, freshy fresh happy food accompanied by warm, unending supply of chips. Delish. . . First time for the Barbacoa tacos. Genius. Beautifully cooked and seasoned, piled on top of the fresh tortillas. Yikes. I wasn't that hungry after the guac but had no problem happily eating these. I like them just as much as the pork tacos and its just the right amount of food. . . We had coffee - yum to the french press - alongside of which was a cinnamon shortbread that had some pepper heat. Perfect. The table shared churros. I love you Mission, but the churros were meh. A bit overcooked and it seemed like the oil in the fryer need to change. Its a nit pick, granted. Otherwise, it was a full house, service was humming and dinner was great. Still a fan.
Went here for dinner and the for was delish. We had a couple margaritas and Guac to start. I had a regular marg and my wife had a cucumber jalapeno marg. Both were really good but I prefer the classic. The Guac was different but really good. It was chunky and spicy, just how I like it. Next we went with the flat iron and steak tacos. Again, both were really good. The homemade tortillas were really fresh and tasty. The flat iron was med rare which is what I normally like but think we should have went with med. the steak tacos were the highlight. They were bite-size but full of steak. A nice SW flavor-Yum!  The desserts looked amazing but we were too stuffed to partake. Definitely worth a visit. Enjoy!
Muy Fuerte! This place is sexy, swank, and fun! A great place for any special occasion or date night. Their drinks are incredible, the food is decent, and the desserts are fun! Arrrrriiiibbbaa!!!!
There are plenty of dining options in downtown Scottsdale area.  The Mission outshines the competitions with quality food and welcoming atmosphere.  There was a big crowd, and we waited about 45 minutes without reservation.  Overall, this place put out some of the best Latin inspired dishes.. . Duck Carnitas Empanda. The flavor combination worked well, but it was difficult to discern foie gras as one of the ingredients.   . . Pork Shoulder. It was tender and flavorful with soft tortillas.  I like the presentation with the tortillas layered on top of the salt block.  I don't think the salt block did much flavor wise, and the tortillas weren't too salty because of it.. . Fried Bananas . The bananas weren't too mushy inside, and the exterior had nice delicate crunch.
Brunch was amazing. Mexican with a French style of cooking. I had the chicken and waffles. Nothing like Roscoe's, but still amazing in a different way.
Very good authentic Mexican food. Made from scratch guacamole & margaritas. Great wines available too.
Tiny inside. Very good service and street tacos delicious, yummy guacamole made table side.
Very nice.  Very dark.  Table side guacomole is good.  The 4 of us had small plates instead of meals.  Pricey but worth it. Pork belly was my favorite. Two liked the mushroom tacos. Service was good. John helped us out. Would return and do small plates again.
Love the ambience of this place.  The tacos were fantastic and really enjoyed our server.
As I do with most places, I want to and for whatever crazy reason feel the need to leave some long ass review.  But this place already has enough of those.  . The Mission is certainly one of the Best Local Restaurants in AZ but I don't think its that amazing.  The drinks are incredible but expensive, the appetizers are so tasty but expensive, and the food is pretty damn good (but not over the top amazing) and expensive.  See a pattern? . While I do like it here very much, I really think its just overpriced for what you get.  Certainly worth going a time or two though. . . (anyone that wants to buy me a Mojito here may fill out application. I'm accepting all applications.)
Love the guacomole!
Truly inspired dishes and excellent service. The marketing will lead you to think you are going to dine inside the mission, but you are simply in a building next to it.  I liked the experience and will go back.
In Scottsdale for the week on business and had the opportunity to try The Mission. The guacamole is as good as advertised. The chips were just salty enough. The short rib tacos were small, but tasted excellent. Between the app and the tacos (3 to an order) I didn't have room for dessert. I wish I did though as the next table over was raving about the pumpkin bread pudding. I would have loved to try it. Service was very good (friendly, knowledgeable and made good recommendations) if a little slow (the place was busy early on a Thur evening).
Great sunday brunch option. Food was very good. I will definitely return.
I tried The Mission this past weekend while in town for a bachelorette party. Great place for a party, very accommodating of our large party. . . We started out with the skinny margaritas (delish, not too sweet) and guacamole. The guac was good but I've had better. However, I'm also from San Antonio and could live on Mexican food. We also ordered the duck empanadas which were out of this world; rich, with great texture and flavor. I had the steak tacos as my main dish which were good but not outstanding. I'm wishing I had conned someone in my party to split the pork shoulder tacos with me. We ended with the pumpkin bread pudding which was just as good as everyone says. . . Great vibe and decor although the lighting was so dim it caused eye strain and dried out my contacts.
Really awesome place. Solid food. Their salsa was really good and I'm crazy picky when it comes to salsa. The cheese plate was awesome too but I didn't think the chimichurri didn't fit; however the honey was great and so were the jalapeno roasts peanuts.. . I wish they had a better beer selection. I know it's not that kind of restaurant but being a huge craft beer fan it always bums me out when restaurants have a poor selection. I don't go there for the beer which is why it still gets 4 stars because their food was really good. Good mix of Latin with a modern twist.
GHOST peps!. . Fantastic Mexican food in olds owns Scottsdale. The restaurant has a traditional Spanish styled decor. The outside looks like a Spanish mission.. . Appetizer: Guacamole- The guacamole is out of the world. This is a must try with the chips. The waiter brought us some ghost pep salsa which was definitely hot!. . Food: Chorizo Porquetta- 12 hour pork shoulder served with chorizo and sweet garlic. Savory moist and perfectly cooked.. . Service: The waiter was enthusiastic but it was hard to order near the end of dinner.. . Overall, this is a delicious restaurant to try in Scottsdale.
Yes.  The guac is fresh made table side.  The chips are really ho hum and cold.  The prk shoulder tacos are excellent.  The pumpkin pudding is unique and, if one has room , definitely worth getting.  We have a service dog and this was the only restaurant that didn't offer him a drink in all of Scottsdale.
The food, drinks and service were awesome. And this would have been a 5 star review had they not taken for-e-v-e-r in bringing us our food. But we did get a free dessert for the long wait. We really enjoyed the grilled street corn and the pumpkin bread pudding was to die for! Also, their french pressed coffee is so, so good. Great decor and ambiance too. We will definitely be back when we visit Scottsdale.
What I Ate. - chips and guacamole. - grilled street corn. - pork shoulder tacos (pineapple glaze and cilantro). - pumpkin bread pudding. . Would I Go Again?. Two items highlighted my experience at The Mission: chips and guac, and pumpkin bread pudding.. . Chips and Guacamole. To begin, they bring out a big rolling cart and make the guacamole right in front of your table.  I watched him open up the avocado and add pine nuts, cilantro, etc., and then he mashed it all together.  When I took my first bite, then I quickly realized I should have taken a video of making the guac.  It was amazing, and now I have no idea how to recreate it.  (I'm sure I couldn't anyway, but it's fun to think about.)  The all-important consistency was on point.  It was not chunky, but there were still enough chunks of avocado to remind you that the guac was homemade rather as opposed to the creamy, Cool Whip-like texture of guac from a mix.  The guac was awesome--the pine nuts, cilantro, and other juices and spices were perfect.. . Pumpkin Bread. I'm not a pumpkin bread connoisseur by any stretch, but I would confidently challenge any other restaurant's pumpkin bread pudding to hang with The Mission's.  The baked edges, caramel sauce, and ice crea made me yearn for more.  If only I hadn't filled up on the chips and guac!  Sometimes the toughest choices in life are between two good things, right?. . The rest of the meal was just sub-par.  The Mission is supposedly famous for its pork shoulder tacos, but I thought they were bland and dry.  The grilled street corn was very good but I can't imagine ever getting too fired up about corn.  . . Simply put, I would highly recommend The Mission to anyone living or staying in the Scottsdale area, and I would especially recommend the chips and guac and pumpkin bread pudding.
Grabbed lunch with a friend on a Saturday.  The margaritas and guac were both perfect.  Our server was on top of us when we first came in but then disappeared.  Anyways, my friend got the steak tacos and I got the green chilaquiles (vegetarian).  OMG the best chilaquiles I've ever had, seriously.  WOW.  Best meal of my weekend in Scottsdale.  Just wish the service would have been a tiny bit faster but the server was very sweet and apologetic.
Don't know why I didn't come here when I actually lived in Scottsdale but finally got a chance to check it out when I came the other weekend. I love the ambiance and how they have two patios. The food is also really good! I had a torte and tried a bunch of other dishes that my friends got. They have a really cool pork taco bar on Sundays with all you can eat tacos for only $14! The chips and salsa were also really good. We had a pretty big group and a couple people helping us and the entire staff was super friendly!
Delicious.
A perfect night to enjoy outdoor seating with impeccable service. I will preface the rest of my review by saying that our Yelp commandos set up a dinner for the Community Managers in town for Regional Week. Our menu was preset so I'm not aware of the costs.. . The weather in Arizona right now is perfect for outdoor eating, so take advantage of it while the gettin' is good. The Mission's outdoor area accommodated around 4-6 tables of our group of over 20 plus as well as other guests not with our party. There was a fire burning in the hearth, probably perfect for when the nights become a little chillier. The owner greeted us by presenting us with a shot of Tequila apparently made by George Clooney (hello!?) and instead of a lime and salt, there was an orange with brown sugar. This is what they call, "mission style." Tequila is my enemy, but I sipped the shot and it was very smooth. I mostly ate the orange slice that I assume if I liked tequila would be a great innovative way to shoot it!. . While most of our group opted for margs, I went rogue and ordered the red Sangria (though they have white as well) and it was perfect to pair with their chipotle salsa. Though I'm more of a pico de gallo/limey salsa girl, this one wasn't overly smokey. I have to say their table side guacamole was one of the best I've had. I love me some fresh guac, and if I could've had it for myself or had them make a bath tub of it, that would've rocked my world. . . The first menu item was a petite pork app. Two of our table guests didn't eat pork, and our waiter, Tony, and the owner quickly brought them out other options. The app was a great crunchy texture and various levels of flavor. This was followed by a shaved kale salad. I am a sauce/dressing junkie, so I could've had more of the dressing, but I understand what they were going for. Then we were presented with three adorable tacos; one pork, one steak and one chicken. The steak was Tecate Skirt Steak, and if you know me you know I love me some Tecate, so that was definitely my favorite with the pork being very similar to the app and the chicken one, probably coming in second place. I would most definitely go back for another round of the steak tacos. . . The service, again, was amazing. They would replace forks on a dime, ask about refills before you took your last couple of sips and they put napkins under our purses that we put on the ground. Something I have never seen, but consider immensely thoughtful. . . I would definitely consider coming back to the Mission for a more upscale Mexican dining experience, especially when the weather is perfect like this. Absolutely perfect for a big group!
Where to start?...Tequilla! This place has a great selection of tequila to accompany their very original culinary creations. I say go for the cola pork! Yum! If you're not in the mood for Scottsdale tacos, try Barrio Cafe in midtown/downtown. They have tableside guacamole!
A modern take on traditional Latin cuisine, the Mission is a perfect option to try something a little different while in Scottsdale. From start to finish I was impressed. Our group enjoyed a 3-course meal which included a sweet, savory and crunchy pork belly lettuce wrap. It was heavenly. Second came the kale salad. I wasn't too much of a fan, but it seemed to pretty popular with my dining companions. It's probably a matter of preference as it was accompanied with a unique tangy dressing. Lastly, we had various tacos. Sounds simple, but they were a far cry from your typical tacos. Seasoned, juicy and garnished with toppings the chicken, beef and pork were anything but ordinary. On top of great food, the ambiance is reason enough to drop by. Apparently Autumn in Arizona means pretty much perfect weather. Their gorgeous patio is a large, romantic dining option that added that much more to our overall experience.
Well, if you truly eat with your eyes, then you're not going to be happy at The Mission. Got there at 4:30p and was told the dinner menu wasn't available til 5p (wish I had been told that when I made the reservation). So we order drinks and tableside guacamole and chips. I had the Primrita which was a good start. At 5p, we ordered dinner. I ordered the Green Chile Duck Confit and hubby ordered the Flat Iron Steak Tacos. He really liked his tacos; meat was tender and flavorful. My dish was over salted to the point that I almost couldn't finish it (even the tequila didn't help to cleanse my palate). I didn't detect the green chili, but my biggest complaint is, I couldn't see what I was eating. It was SO dark, you couldn't see what was on your plate. Good thing I carry a mini flashlight in my purse. It came in very handy for flashing my plate to see what I was eating and what was left. Our server left her little light so we could read the dessert menu, but we passed.  All and all, the service was good, and the offerings were good, just too heavy on the salt.
It's been awhile since I last wrote a review for the mission but my love still remains. My two favorite things about the mission are their fresh guacamole and the patio atmosphere. The entire restaurant has this charming old world feel to it and the food and drinks flow with it.
Brunch was fantastic! Our last minute decision to try The Mission was not a bad one at all. The chicken and waffles was satisfying, surprising, and flavorful. Margaritas are fresh and light - made me miss the ocean breeze of the Riviera Maya! Service was attentive and prompt.
first time, have to return.  met friends for lunch on the back patio - great setting, very attentive service.  understand that the chef is French or French trained so the menu has an upscale unanticipated flair to lunch dishes that initially sound Mexican.  tableside guacamole was very good, salsa was good also.  chicken tacos were tasty and both friends liked their entrees - torta and more tacos with beef.  will definitely return for either lunch or dinner...looked like a nice selection of tequilas.
We were visiting from Atlanta recently and decided to try The Mission for our last night in Phoenix. So glad we did! We sat outside under a beautiful sky and perfect weather! We started out with one of their wonderful margaritas and of course, the tableside-made guacamole! For dinner, we had the Chorizo Porchetta. It was so tender and flavorful. The Mission fries were also excellent. The atmosphere was very romantic and our waitress was very attentive. We would definitely go back!
Great place for drinks and dinner. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.   . Good ambiance, good mix of people and food.. . The pork belly lettuce cups are the best thing they serve and the Jidori chicken is really good. . . Reservations one week out, same owner as zinc and the house.
The Mission boasts a super charming old world vibe with it's ornate interior and a fabulous patio with a fireplace, which I got to enjoy on a dinner outing with fellow co-workers. We weren't your typical 6-8 top, rather 20 plus! We took over a good portion of the patio and several tables, but it was still intimate and cozy. Our prefix menu included pork belly lettuce cups, kale salad and tacos (beef, pork and chicken). The lettuce cups were a nice way to start off the meal. The salad was good, but my serving was heavy on the cheese (cream cheese? or a super mild goat), while I love love Kale, I was distracted by the clumps of cheese on my plate. The tacos delivered on flavor, yet were teeny tiny! My favorite was the beef. I found the pork a little sweet for my taste, but all were flavorful as can be! We had what seemed to be bottomless chips, salsa, guacamole and delicious margaritas! I can't fail to mention the shot of tequila with a cinnamon rim and a slice of orange. What a pairing! Something I'd never had before. I love tequila and I loved that shot. The servers made sure to keep the food and drinks flowing all evening. All in all it was a fine time and a fun meal.
I expected the other people in my party to be raving about the eats and drinks we devoured. Apparently, however, our server was the most appetizing element of the entire evening, because that's all they talked about. . . I'll admit, even I took a second glance at theclean-shaven stud that took especially careful care of the ladies... and gents, in our group. Dude delivered the goods in style. But, gee, I must've been the only one who was thinking about the meat inside the folds of those tacos after we left. Seriously flavorful delights, folks. Dine on the swine, for sure, it simply knocks the other land-based meats, chicken and steak, out of the water. This goes for the domestic style corn wraps and the crunchy lettuce wraps, equally. Artistically rendered and inspired plates abound at the Mission. And I'll drop a big thumbs up for the kale salad, I thought it was fabulous; this admission surely wins me Metrosexual points, yes? . . Finally, the drinks. As a general rule, the further you wander from the familiar path, here, the better. While everyone was quite comforted by the house specialty margarita (and it was tasty), I found much more complexity and delight in the unusual options on the menu. Top it all off with a sitting on the lovely patio, and your Mission, should you choose to accept it, is impeccable.
We enjoyed our outdoor patio meal so much two weeks ago we decided to return for more of the same last night. Unfortunately, the weather wasn't as cooperative second time around but the meal and service didn't fail to live up to prior expectations. . . Things are a bit more crowded and noisy in the restaurant than out (and even though we'd dined inside once before a couple of years ago, we hadn't realized there's an additional patio area to the rear of the establishment) so in order to have conversation with our friends we did have to raise our speaking voices a good deal to be heard over the volume of the large size bar and Friday night crowd but seemed to quickly adjust. Our server appeared quickly, gave us a warm welcome and reviewed our options, including The Mission's signature drinks and table side guacamole.  As an aside - two weeks ago we decided upon medium spiciness but it packed a punch; this time we scaled back to mild and it was perfect for a delicate palate. Server was very attentive to providing more chips as soon as we made our way through the dip. . . My husband knew he wanted to save room for dessert so ordered steak tacos which were limited to about three small but favorable slightly-bigger than bite size tacos; I selected my favorite: jhidori chicken; tender, succulent chicken slices spread over rice  with two flavorful sauces. Desert was their flavorful churros and one serving was actually enough to be shared four ways. . . Parking can be challenging in Old Towne but it's worth a little extra walk to go the distance for a gastronomic experience at The Mission.
I think I could have enjoyed my experience more here if I did not make an ordering mistake.   So overall I say 3.5 stars for my experience, but i can certainly see a 4 and 5 star review for this place.  . . The table side guacamole was incredible...some of the best I've had.   I would say its a must-get every time you go.   Instead of ordering an entree I ordered two appetizers for my dinner.  The reason I did this is because I had these two apps suggested to me by several people - the pork belly pibil and the crispy cola pork.  As you can see, thats a lot of pork belly.  I ate the crispy cola pork first, and it was very tasty.  It was quite sweet from the cola, but it was a nice app.  I probably only ate 1/3 of the pork belly pibil, but like i said, I think i was just overwhelmed with pork belly.  It was a pretty big block of pork too, maybe enough for a meal in itself.  It was tasty as well, but certainly more fatty than its crispy counterpart. . . You can take my review for what its worth.  I'd say everything I got was worth getting again, but maybe just not all together.
Service is always solid. Above and beyond. Food has occasionally been a bit salty... Love the fresh squeezed juice from bar for cocktails.
I was here shopping in Scottsdale's Old Town just around lunch time. I got hungry so I checked the best place for lunch in the area on Yelp and found The Mission, was highly rated. It was across the street from where I was standing so we headed that way.. . When we arrived we were able to get a table in the outside courtyard in the front of the restaurant. We informed the waiter we had very little time for lunch. The three of us ordered margaritas with salt at $8 each. They charged an extra $2 for one with Cointreu. We ordered two Almejas Al Vapor stews for $14 each and one shaved Kale salad for only $10. The shaved kale salad consisted of aji amarillo vinaigrette, baby heirlooms, blood orange, goat cheese & marcona almonds. My friend loves kale. The Almejas Al Vapor is a peruvian clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, pan de yucca, aji amarillo & roasted corn. I especially enjoyed the unusual appearance and spice of the stew. See my pic. The stew made me want to go to Peru for some more. I have never been to Peru. . . The waiter was very expeditious in serving us.. . My total bill for the three of us for lunch was a very reasonable $69 without gratuities and we were all happy with our meals, margaritas and service.
They have a fun and interesting take on Latin American food. Their tableside made guacamole really is some of the best we have had. It's simple ingredients done well. Served with house made chips that are really a step above regular restuarant chips. They are cooked fresh and topped with a nice finishing salt which takes them up a notch.. . The pork is their specialty slow cooked for 24 hours and served with pineapple habanero sauce. The pork tacos are great. We will definitely be back.
Food was delicious, service was fine. We will be back.
Short Version: French-Mexican. Same guys from Zinc Bistro. Hip and trendy if not a little too "hoity-toity" depending on the people working. Get the Pork Shoulder Tacos and start with the Guacamole. On the expensive side for Mexican food, but it's worth it and more than just typical.. . Long Version: This place is always a safe bet and it's one of my go-to places when people ask me for recommendations. This is how you make Mexican food unique. The food served always exudes freshness and unique culinary expertise. The must-have for us are the Pork Shoulder Tacos which are perfectly tender and juicy, The Tableside Guacamole which has the perfect kick and zest, and the White Bean Puree which has the perfect texture and flavor.. . Now on to the service. We've been here probably 12 times total and always had great service but the last time I went, the service left something to be desired. I came with one of my best friends who is well connected in the restaurant scene and if it wasn't for him, we would've left. We got there on a Sunday night off-peak time with visible empty tables and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. I understand this can happen when they're holding tables for reservations, but one hostess in particular was very smug and snooty about the whole thing. Just as we decided we'd go somewhere else, my buddy saw his friend working and talked to him about getting us in. He happily obliged and got us a table within 10 minutes and continued to take very good care of us throughout the night. Perhaps this is a normal rule in the restaurant OR the hostess was just upset we bypassed her smug attitude and got in anyways, but when I asked her for an extra menu she curtly told me that she didn't have any and told me I have to take my hat off. So, just a bit of warning, even though we're in Arizona where flip flops are pretty much excepted everywhere, don't wear a hat to this restaurant even though it's also a Mexican restaurant, but it IS a higher-end one so there's that. . . Also, don't ask that hostess for a menu. She's incapable of keeping track of the one thing she's responsible for; menus. Good to have friends with connections though!
Very pretty and trendy restaurant. Some food was great, some was good. Definitely nothing life changing about this food but overall enjoyable. Service a bit on the slow side. Solid drinks.
The Mission is a great all around restaurant with great decor and really great food. Of course the Guacamole is incredible and everything else was tasty, though the portions are on the smaller side, it's worth the experience to go there.. The  real stand out for me was our waiter, JAMAR!! What a great worker and kind spirit. He really made our 2 hour dinning experience worth the restaurant. If you eat at the Mission ask to be seated at Jamar's section, he knows the menu well and gave us great recommendations and if I owned a restaurant I would love to have him on board helping the ship. Yummy food, even better service! Go Jamar!
The short story: Excellent ambiance: Very old school, dim lighting, chandeliers, dark bar. Lovely Christmas decorations, greenery, black and white feather Christmas tree. Tile floor, lots of cougars. Yea, I don't know why that's relevant, but I thought I would mention it. . . Drinks - extensive menu. The chipotle pepper margarita was awesome, REALLY spicy. I had the kale and orange salad, which was good, but not as outstanding as all the reviews on this website would lead me to believe. W side of white beans, which were yummy also. My date had the steak tacos, which he thought tasted like salted cardboard. But I didn't try them so can't say. They looked good. Anyhow, I am looking forward to going again but next time will try the guacamole and the squash tacos. Oh and the bread pudding.
