I've stayed here a bunch of times because the price is good and the traffic around the area isn't bad. One of my favorite things about this place is that the Premiere rooms and better have flat screen tvs which I can hook up my laptop to. We enjoy the gambling, fat tuesday, and fellinis, however after a couple trips we got a little tired of the same routine. We now stay closer to the middle of the strip(usually monte carlo) but still visit the stratosphere for fellini's. I've been to Top of the World twice, I would not recommend it at all. The prices are inflated and even if you put that aside, the experience isn't that great. It feels a little snobby and stuffy when there with other diners who come off as trashy. This may just be from the dumb lady who kept walking over to stand right in front of us so that we could see her fat ass while she was snapping pictures of the view. UH-hello we paid for the view too, not to see your ass! Otherwise the rooms are good and there are some decent attractions. They have a nude vampire show, Bite, which was pretty boring. Basically just paying to see a bunch of acrobatic people get topless. The back alley bar also seemed like it had potential but every time we walked by it was completely empty. Stratosphere is good once or twice to stay at and then I would recommend seeing what else Vegas has to offer.
I am probably dating myself but I came here for the first time with a few friends the week after I graduated from college!  This was when the hotel had just opened so it actually wasn't too bad.  Yes, this was almost 15 years ago.... . Today, I remember that first stay here like it was yesterday but the hotel is definitely dated.  The rooms are old and need renovations.  The renovated rooms aren't too bad.. . I rarely stay at this hotel anymore but it's probably the best deal in town.  You can get a room on the strip (albeit way at the north end of the strip) for probably about 1/3 the cost of a cheap place on the actual strip (think ti, planet hollywood, etc.).. . When I'm in Vegas I rarely spend any time in my hotel room so this place is cool.  The cab line isn't too long and the tables are friendly.  This is sort of like the charm of old school downtown Vegas on the strip.. . As long as you know what you're getting yourself into...it's a great place for a great deal.  If you come here expecting the opulence of the Bellagio, Ventian, Wynn, Mandalay, Caesar's, etc...then you will be disappointed.  If you want a decent, clean, and safe place to stay with a decent casino...the Stratosphere is it!
Ok. Honestly, I feel so bad for everyone that had an immense horrific time here. I really mean that because I didn't. I didn't have high expectations either though because I read all these horrific reviews, but regardless of that, I had a fine time at the Stratosphere.. . I did not have any problems with the Stratosphere. My room was immaculately clean, I had a relatively nice view and passes to the top of the Stratosphere. Don't expect the Bellagio or Cesar's Palace when you go though, it's a modest one bedroom, a bathroom normal hotel room. It's like the Marriott of Oakland, Santa Rosa, and Napa. Nothing big and all that fancy, but clean and livable.. . I've stayed in The Hotel at the Mandalay Bay and can absolutely see why people could be mortified that such a room existed in Las Vegas, but it was more than a $100 difference in price per night.. . My only complaint is it is all the way at the end of the strip. Any further and you'd be in downtown, but me being able-bodied bought a bus ticket and just took it up and down the strip. Not the greatest way to see a city, but not too bad either. Sure beats the Oakland/SF busses.. . One of the things I do like a lot because they are in the nar corner of the strip, it's an amazing view up on top of the Stratosphere. Nothing even comparable especially by Paris' cold metal chamber Eiffel Tower look-alike top. I did enjoy that a lot. The casino part of it also gives you great rewards for little play.. . So drive here or buy a bus pass for the duration of your stay. It's not so bad. Take a taxi if you can't tell if that was your girlfriend you just kissed or the guy trying to hand you stripper passes.
This hotel isn't as bad as I thought it would be. It's pretty decent. Walked in, had a quick and friendly check-in! Walked into a clean room, beds nicely made, and bathroom also clean. It would be nice if there was a coffee maker in the room. But other than that had an awesome stay! . . Definitely check out the view from the observation tower when you stay. The view is amazing! :)
Is this the nicest hotel I've ever been to? Nope. The worst? Not even close. For $30 a night, however, this place can't be beat. Yeah, it's a bit of a trek from the fancier parts of the strip, but it was clean, the rooms were nice and the showers were hot. It's not the kind of place you might want to lounge around in, but it's a comfy clean place to lie your head at night. Also, when you stay here you get to go up the tower for free, and it is awesome up there.
We stayed at Stratosphere this past weekend.  The price was good and we had a very nice remodeled tower room on the 12th floor with a breathtaking view of the city.  The casino was big and the Seasonal Buffet and Salad Bar was perfect although it cost $28 per person, but it was clean, well set up for crowds and the food was fresh.  As guests of the hotel, we were able to go up to the tower deck for free and that was way fun at night.  We went to the Level 107 Lounge at the top and a DJ was spinning good 90s music.  We could also walk around outside with our drinks or buy tix for one of the rides.  Stratosphere's location on the strip is a tad isolated, but if you have a car or don't mind a short walk to the monorail at Sahara then it's no problem.  I made hotel reservations online thru i4Vegas.com for $124 for two nights.  Then we had relatives fly into town who wanted to go to LV so I made a second room reservation for Stratopshere two days later thru Priceline.com thinking it was cheaper.  Not so much.  Priceline charged our card for the first night stay without tax so when the relatives checked in, they had to pay the balance of $85 for their second night stay so they paid $199 to our $124 which was allot more than I anticipated.  Needless to say, I won't use Priceline again to book a hotel.
The Good:  It's a cheap place to stay, say if there is a huge NASCAR weekend and every place is booked.  The staff is friendly, as a small casino should be.  They have this awesome UCF pit in the back where they have $5 blackjack with some of the hottest dealers in Vegas.  I would love to give a shout-out to my girls Amy, Brit, Nikki, Ramona, Whitney, and my personal favorite Gina(The best smile in all of NV).  Even Chris, the floor supervisor(he never told me what his title was), was nice and called me by name the next day.  The place feels old but the rooms are actually nice.. . The Bad:  Roxy's Cafe had some really slow service.  The manager was super nice and even comped my bill when I went over my original comp.  That shows they care, I think.  The Buffet is over-priced for what I like.  I guess if you eat your weight in crab legs you're golden.. . The Ben:  It's all about Gina!!!  Damn girl, I'm making a Craig's list missed connection.  You were the dealer and I was the guy loosing all my money, email me :D
Great time at this hotel! Stayed there the last week of March, it was perfect pool weather, sat in the sun all day drinking pitchers of sangria and eating very affordable chips and guacamole. The room was $33 a night for a king size bed. Went down in the morning, got an iced coffee and made my way to a few slot machines before sun tanning. This hotel is technically on the strip, but very far away from the other casinos and all of the action. My friend and I walked to the Bellagio, it took us two hours and a lot of water. So if you are going to Vegas and want to be totally away from crowds and people, then stay here. If you want to be in the thick of it, stay somewhere more central. Or you could always take a $20 cab ride to the strip if you feel like it. :)
Great staff & plenty of games to play. Retail level isnt anything special but usefull for the small this n thats... Definitely hit the pool & dont forget to get the view from the top! Amazing! Really is the best view in Vegas!
I actually stayed at the Strat last year in May. I love the Strat for it's colorful ambiance, and the fact that I was winning at their slots and tables (though I lost it all which was entirely my fault). I also won free tickets to the AMerican Superstars show and I enjoyed that show so much! The Michael Jackson impersonator really touched my heart. I trekked back to Stratosphere in Februaryof this year just to see the show again. It's truly too bad that the Strat got rid of the show the past month because it brought me back everytime. . . I also enjoyed the food options. The buffet (but only for brunch) and the Roxy's Diner (but only the milkshake). There was also a Mcdonalds there that I frequented (hey, good, cheap, reliable, late-night, fast food). The Mcdonalds outside of the Strat and around the corner I also frequented because they had free Wifi (which no Vegas hotel has). There is also a Burger King and IHop near the Strat. I did not appreciate their gym very much because it was small and always packed but I did get to use a treadmill and for paying only about $25 per night, I figured I got a lot more than what I paid for.. . The pools are great too. The big pool is rather large with little theming. The hot tub was nice and it was a fun environment. I love the heat of the sun there! The adult pool is also nice with amazing views and nice music. I was not crazy about the tower because it was there I learned about my fear of heights but if not for that fear, that, the thrill rides, the restaurant, and clubs and lounges up there would have been ultimately enjoyable. The clubs and lounges were free for guests always so that made me happy because I at least peak at them (and they were cool) before running to the elevator to make an exit! Entry to the tower was also complimentary because we were guests.. . The rooms were definitely functional and pretty with nice red and white tones. It had one of the best room colors I have seen thus far in vegas. The bathroom was not extravagant but simple and nice. . . I feel that the Strat will fall off even more now that the Sahara will be closing and the AMerican Superstars show left. I mean, what will be the point to go all the way out there except for sleeping there or the thrill rides? I'm afraid I might have to say bye bye to the Strat real soon. *tear*
Pros:  Nice views from rooms, observation deck, Top of the World restaurant, sports book, hookers, rides and sky diving.. . Cons: clientele, hookers
Renovated rooms - lots of things to do. No problems here.
If your ever in Vegas, the Sky Jump is a must
DO NOT book this hotel through www.priceline.com ! this hotel has a resort fee of 7.50per night/room which priceline doesn't cover (others do such as hotels.com) therefore your responsibility to pay it at check in. I was very upset when I found out. overall I liked that hotel and would stay again.
I don't get all the harsh things people are raggin' on the Strat for. For $35/night (around $60 on weekends), the accommodations were spectacular. Don't expect anything too lavish - it's a simple hotel, but mostly clean, spacious and modern. If I was staying in this level of hotel in Boston, I'd be paying around $150-$200, not $35. This hotel is value, value, value.. . Although cabs to the Strip were a bit costly, everything else was great. Unlimited access to the top of the tower (resort fee of $7.50 per day, well worth it), good pool scene (with cornhole boards and waitresses in bikinis), a built-in shopping mall and cheap food options were all convenient. We played table blackjack for $5, big wheel spinsfor $2 and roulette for $5 in the casino. For the mornings where I had too much Vegas the night before, room service was pricey but solid. Buffet was kind of gross, if you're going to do the buffets do it a higher-tier hotel. . . Overall we liked staying here. I could definitely see doing it again. For the price you can't go wrong.
Leider musste der Starbucks oben auf dem Tower weichen. Evtl. zu Gunsten eines weiteren "Fahrgeschaftes".. . .  Der Starbucks auf dem Casino-Level existiert aber noch.. Ein Starbucks wie jeder andere in den Staaten. Hier jedoch erschien mir das Personal etwas pfiffiger als in vielen anderen Starbucksfilialen. Und leider kann man bei der Kaffeezubereitung doch Fehler begehen. Diesbezuglich durfte ich erhebliche Qualitatsunterschiede in den USA feststellen.. Bei meinem heutigen Besuch gab es an der Kaffeezubereitung in diesem Store nichts zu bemangeln.
We were here twice during our stay. Did not stay here, one day we just went to check it out and the second time was for a company party. Cute shops inside the small mall. The casino was kind of boring I thought. . . But on our second visit we had a private party up in a room overlooking Vegas. The view was incredible, the drinks and appetizers were delightful. The elevators were crazy how fast they were. Then our sponsor's said anyone can go on any ride for free, we have paid for all inclusive. After eating and drinking we went up two floors to check out all the rides. . . First thing I noticed was the bar up here. It was so cool, I could have sat there all night. I had no idea how crazy scary these rides were. Yes, I am typically a dare devil and will go on anything once but um yes after seeing people bungee jump off the top, no way in hell. Then I had told hubby I wanted to go on the famous roller coaster at the top of the building. Are you kidding me??? . . Here we go, they strap you in and this coaster goes deep off the top of the building sideways as if you are going to fall straight down. When it stops's, you are dangling off the top of the building for a few seconds, crazy! Yeah, I decided I loved my life to much to go on it. It was fun to watch these crazy people along with another ride of swings circling off the building as well. . . We stayed up on the observatory level for awhile enjoying the view and rides. It does get very windy up there. . . This place is different, unique and loads of fun. Worth checking it out. I hear the restaurant is amazing and it rotates, at the top of the building. To me this place had the very best views of Vegas, stunning!
Didnt stay here just came to go up the top. Its a nice experience dealing with friendly employees who operate the elevator. Love getting the view of Vegas from 900 feet up. And seeing the crazy people who are getting flung out over the edge or during a 45 mph free fall to the bottom.
Stayed here for our vacation last week.  North of the strip and far enough away from the action that you won't be bombarded by the frenetic pace of the strip.  The hotel itself above average.  The rooms were nothing special but clean and nice amenities.  We stayed in a semi-suite style room that had it's own "living room" separated from the sleeping area.  The casino itself is small but serviceable though I didn't end up winning too much while I was there.. . The buffet here was pretty good, your standard fare for the most part but everything they put out was really tasty and not the same bland blah-ness you would experience at any random buffet.  A little pricey but if you get the ACE card (a frequent players' card that's standard at any casino these days), you get a 10% that makes it a little more worthy.. . What makes this hotel special are the rides they have at the top of the tower.  Taking advantage of the height, the rides will literally throw you over the edge and bring you back again.  If you're on a budget and looking to get the most bang for your buck and don't need to be in the middle of the strip, then this is the place to go.
Great view, I did not try the roller coaster I may be crazy but not stupid. We did not stay here just checking out the view, so for that it got 4 stars
Observation deck an amazing view of Vegas, especially at night. And the rides terrifying especially the rollercoaster but fun
We got a room here at the last minute...the room was very nice and had an beautiful view....the bathroom was extremely neat and clean...I had a slight problem with noise because there was another family staying in the adjoining room and the baby woke up very very early in the morning...
The observation tower at the Stratosphere is just fun to go for a night to view Las Vegas from above. I think it is worth it to pay to get in and you can stay as long as you want. (Almost, they close at night at a certain point.) I just like staring out and admiring the city from afar. I am a sucker for magnificient heights and pretty lights.. . Note(s): It is nice to have company to chat with while viewing so don't goalone unless you want some time alone to think about things. Oh, and it can be romantic too.
very clean room with a clean, bright bathroom in a pretty good location on the strip--what more could you want for only $35 per night?  staff was helpful and the lobby/casino area is nice and well kept.  you can actually get pretty liquored up even if you're just playing video poker.  i would stay here again.  some people hate it because it has a somewhat lower class clientele, but it's a good deal and having passes for free rides on top of the tower is cool.  don't hate ;-)
I booked via Travelocity for a week long stay in Vegas for the APA Nationals. I think for the rate (under $40 a night) and room I got, this place is All Right. The King sized bed was great, the room was clean, and the A/C was kickin out nicely! However the room was right next to the elevators, and the walls are super thin, I heard the elevators all the time, ... I could hear my next room residents...which means they could also hear me... (blushes) The staff was nice and the layout was easy to follow. The pool was fantastic! Tons of room and cheap drinks, however only 3.5-4.5 ft deep all the way around, and the water was super salty, which was strange. . I enjoyed my stay here and will consider this hotel again when I return to Vegas.
The room is clean and everything works.  The hotel is far from the strip, so if you don't drive, you have to take some public transportation.  They charge a resort fee but free ticket to the observation deck included and my son enjoy that very much.
My husband and I stayed here for a night on the way home from my sisters wedding. We got the room on their site for 40 a night including resort fee and opted for the upgrade if available. When we arrived the line for check in was a bit long. Check in is rather slow and though not friendly the staff was not unfriendly either We were informed that there was an upgrade and we opted for the 20 dollar more for a room with a Jacuzzi tub. One note on this they neglected to tell us they don't keep the card you book with on file so when we went to use the internet we were told we'd have to come back down to put a card on file. I wish they'd asked if we'd care to put one on file who wants to stand in that long line again. The lady finally took the info over the phone.  The room was nice clean spacious and a huge bathroom with a tub big enough to swim in. I can't say enough wonderful things about the tub LOL. The bed was big and comfy and the room had a modern sleek feel. These rooms are in the new tower so maybe that is why I didn't have the complaints some others did. The only two complaints I have is that there is no fridge and when someone shuts a door anywhere near your room your door will rattle it's odd.  I loved watching the bungee jumping channel very cute. Won some money playing deal or no deal slots not much but hey it was fun The casino still has real roulette tables which I'm glad I hate the slot version. Valet was quick & efficient and we made use of it because tit is a bit away from the strip. The only other problem I had was when we checked out we tried the in room check out and it said it wasn't working then when we went downstairs and stood in line not so long this time we were told we were already checked out so they might want to look into that because it is an inconvenience. All in all it was a great room at a good price so I'd come back
Look, it's not the nicest place on the strip by any means, but it's cheap and they really do try. We had a miserable experience at another hotel and just needed to get out of there, so we asked for a refund and left with nowhere to go. I'd stayed at the Stratosphere before, so I knew what to expect. We walked up to the desk and spoke with a really nice guy who went to his manager to see how good a deal he could get us given our circumstances. We saved a ton of money. They get an A+ for customer service in my book. The room was old and really basic, but it was clean enough and cheap and it was exactly what we needed. We saved a ton of money and escaped a bad situation. I think next time we'll stay in one of the "select" rooms at the Stratosphere. They've just been remodeled and from what I can tell they're much nicer, but for the money, the cheap rooms are fine.
Stayed in a suite and it was really nice. Whirlpool tub, big bathroom, and comfortable beds. I would definitely stay there again especially for the price.
quick update:  Hi Whit :D  The girls are all awesome and so are the suits.  If you can't stay on the "Strip" this is my next favorite spot(next to the Plams :P)
Only went to the skybar on the 107th floor and it was fantastic. Great view of the city especially just before sunset. Two for one martini and discounted appetizers for happy hour.
Super quick review:. . -Snagged this place for $54 on Hotwire for the Friday of Halloween weekend.  There's also an additional $7.50 resort fee.. -We were in the Select tower which has their remodeled rooms.  The rooms were new, nice, clean, and modern.  First impressions of Stratosphere are usually "ugh, it's the old hotel that's on the far side of the strip".  If you can get a remodeled room, it's actually quite nice.. -Guests get free admission to the tower which was a nice little bonus.  I wished we got a chance to go up the tower at night, but we arrived too late.  The daytime tour was OK.  . . Overall, we were very pleased with the price we paid Halloween weekend and the fact that we got a remodeled room.  Yes, it's a bit far from the lively  center of the strip, but that didn't matter to us.
Stratosphere is the cheap but it's actually better than most hotels in its price range. Me & my boyfriend booked our hotel on southwest vacation package. I wanted to stay at the  newly selected  rooms that were just remolded in December 2010, we however booked the standard room online. The lady at the desk upgraded our rooms to the new selected rooms FREE of charge. When we arrived to the room it was clean and the bed was just as soft as Vdara's hotel for a wayy cheaper price. Room service was on point & when we checked out 3 hours later than the actual checkout time they didn't even charge us! I highly recommended stratosphere! The rooms are clean and the beds are very comfortable. Ask for the selected rooms that were remolded in December not 2008. I'm not sure how the 2008 rooms are but for a couple more bucks you get a better deal selecting the selected tower rooms. I will be staying at Stratosphere again.
Stayed here while we were in town renewing our vows at the Graceland Chapel down the street. Hotel was very clean and nice. The staff was very helpful. The suite was great with a huge tub. The floor we were on seemed to be recently updated.. . Main downside is that you're pretty far away from the rest of the action on the strip. You'll end up driving or grabbing a cab if you want to check out the other casinos.
Great burger. Awesome view.
I stayed here for only one day and let me tell you,,, I had a blast!!!!. . I was in Vegas for three days and had a better night at the starts than Luxor.. . Granted I spent less at this hotel but got a better room than in Luxor: . . Pros: . . All renovated rooms (except for the old tower) if you pay a little more you can get a suit for half the price the other strip hotels charge. Stratosphere did not have the room I ordered available so they gave me a suit instead. It was incredible! 800 sq feet of luxury. . . Close to Fremont street and pawn stars shop.. . Unlimited tower visitations.. . Unlimited bar from  4-10 for 20 bucks at the bar.. . Much cheaper prices than strip:. . Cons:. . Far from the strip: however it's closer to circus, encore, and treasure island. . . Need to get taxi for transportation. However it's worth it. . . Important note: don't believe all the people who post negative comments. I thought it was going to be a bad experience and it was not at all. If you have high standard than stay at the palazzo!!!
I rated this 4 stars because I came here when I was a little girl and well let's just say I wasn't old enough to really do anything lol. But from what i remember, this hotel was pretty chill. The rooms were satisfying ( well except the window view, we got the back side of the hotel so we couldn't see the strip at all) and clean. Pretty small hotel and casino compared to others on the strip but when I come back I will be sure to get on the rollercoaster rides at the very tippy top of the tower. The pool is pretty big and it has a jacuzzi which to me was awesome!. I'll be sure to come back here (when I'm old enough of course) to experince it in a whole new way. =)
This guys have good affordable rates. Happy hour! All different rages of buy in on their casino tables and not too far from all the craziness of the scrip
A must visit when you are in the downtown area!  Love this place!  When you go to the top, it shows the Vegas Strip (which is best seen at night).  I never experienced the rides, but did go to the show and love the casino itself.
I have never stayed at Stratosphere, but based on the mixed reviews on here I decided to find out for myself. The hotel overall is a DECENT place to stay considering the remarkable (very CHEAP) price we paid for the whole weekend. . . ***FYI: If you're all fancy and stuff and are expecting MORE....this is NOT the place for you...BUT, if you're a baller on a budget...you might like this place.. . Since my fiance and I stayed at the newly remodeled rooms, the self-parking garage is easily located near the exit which was very convenient. Like everyone said, the surrounding area is very HOOD...Don't walk around outside when it's dark!!! I like the fact that it was far from the strip and navigating around town made it easy to take the back streets. . . Checking in/out was easy; there's no lines. The employees at Stratosphere were very helpful and courteous. Regarding the remodeled rooms: the king size bed was okay; it could be better by making it softer. We definitely found the bathroom to be spacious, and the jacuzzi tub was awesome! . . Gambling was fun, not so crowded which I definitely liked. We were able to go to the top of the tower and we got to see the magnificent view. Overall, it was a wonderful place to stay (Seriously, it's not that BAD) and I would definitely come back again.
I can't recall checking in here, it's still a bit of a blur, I had a great time that night though and Strat was a part of that night...  So Kudos to the tall hotel....
Roller coaster.... Good!!!!    In fact, amazing.. . Location of said roller coaster... Even more fabulous.. . Location of hotel... Not so good.  Especially when you've dressed nice with your lady pals and head on out to the strip.  3 hours later and 30 propositions from strange weirdos later, we finally made it to Caesars palace.  . . Although I had a great time next time I'd book a place closer to wherever the action is (bellagio, Caesars palace).  The upside is it does have free parking below!!
Stayed here for 3 nights. Great room service! Friendly, and helpful staff! Not too many tv channels to see just basic local tv which sucked! Other than that stay was pleasant!!
Got a really sweet deal on a room here for two nights; it barely set me back $100 total.. . Now, when you pay so little for a place to stay, you should generally understand that a few things will be lacking.  This said, in the case of the Stratosphere, overall, there really wasn't all that much to complain about.  The room was surprisingly spacious and was clean.  We didn't have one of the newly renovated rooms but it was still in good shape; nothing super-memorable, but, nothing *bad* either.. . The view from the 15th floor was nice; we had a decent view of the strip and it looked great at sunset.  Mind you, the Stratosphere is definitely on the further end of the strip, so consequently, you have to walk or cab about a half-mile before you start seeing much and don't really hit the thick of it for about two miles, which I really don't mind.. . Had fun in the casino and actually came ahead with the slots.  The desk staff, attendants at the tower and rides, and the lounge staff were all really friendly and had a great sense of humor.  The bartender at the bar when you first walk in the front doors was quick, but wasn't much help when I asked if there were any places that had pizza or tacos in the area and quickly left to go talk with other staff members, but the guys at the desk on the graveyard shift were helpful.. . Overall, had a nice experience and didn't pay too much for it.  I'm the sort of person who doesn't spend much time in their room when they're out on vacation, and I found the free tower access and 2-for-1 martinis at the tower lounge to be preferable to having a marble countertop in my bathroom (which I have at home anyways).
I remember this hotel when I came to Vegas with my papa them when I was 12. Didn't go in it then but did in our trip here. . Awesome self parking connected to the hotel. (not a mile walk) . Cool, old school feel walking around the Stratosphere. Lot of cheap minimum bet gambling tables which was perfect for a first time gambler. Their dealers at the blackjack table so so funny and inviting. Not like those foreign, grumpy ones at the higher class hotels. . Would have been 5 stars if they didn't charge to go up to the tower. I can't complain, the view was phenomenal. I ain't afraid of heights but would have been cooler at night to see all the lights on the Strip.. Visited Aug 2011
Now mind you its dated and I am ranking this totally based on the casino games and drinks. I like it. Its old school and you are not the most hip and happening hanging here but they will get you booze and low limits on tables. I like the gaming area and the second pit hidden downstairs is a nice place to fall back to if the main pit get too crowded. Dealers are good and drinks flow freely so it a win win as far as gambling goes.
I stayed here and my overall experience was a good one.  I had the king suite which was very spacious and met my expectations.  The price was stellar and the restaurants, gift shops, were good as well.  . . The fitness center could use some upgrading as it is very small and cannot accommodate multiple people exercising one muscle group.  . . The top of the tower view is great and there's a restaurant that slowly rotates so you can view the whole city.  I didn't go on any of the rides ( no death wish yet) but they look really cool.  Maybe next time I will do the bungee jump.. . Only thing i didn't like about the Stratosphere is the housekeeping workers didn't return my souvenirs which was key chains and magnets.  Not even worth $20 but hey, @#$% rolls down hill right?
Je dois dire qu'apres avoir marche tout le long du strip du Bellagio jusqu'au Strastophere, quand j'ai realise qu'il fallait payer 16 dollars par personne pour monter au sommet, j'etais un peu verte.... . J'ai hesite, hesite, hesite, cede. Et oui, tant qu'a etre a Vegas, autant y etre completement.. . Un tour d'ascenseur plus tard, tout le monde debarque au 108eme etage ! Et la, c'est le gros gros coup de coeur. 108 etages, ca commence a etre sympa, et la vue panoramique vaut vraiment le detour. Je ne suis pas du tout fan des attractions mais voir les maneges de l'Insanity tourner au dessus de nos tetes et quelques fous furieux sauter du haut du 108eme tenus par un cable, ca rajoute un petit frisson supplementaire a la vue.. . Apres une petite balade au sommet et de nombreuses photos, nous avons meme succombe au burger pas si mauvais que ca dans un des restaurants du sommet. La version cocktail du Air Bar doit etre plutot sympa aussi, je pense. . . Bref, si vous etes a Vegas, je recommande, ca vaut le detour ! Et la promenade du milieu du Strip jusqu'au Stratosphere est longue mais sympa, vous y verrez plein des anciens casinos de Vegas.
My second trip ever to the Stratosphere, and I still like it.  Sure, it's not a five star mega-casino a mile down the strip, but it's actually affordable.  The Deuce stops right outside the casino near the buffet and runs from Fremont Street to the Mandalay, with enough stops in between to get you where you want to go.  As for the surrounding area, you can actually walk outside and get a decent price on some food, or a bottle of liquor, for those looking to enjoy Vegas on a budget.  The rides were okay, the Big Shot being the only must do, but the views are awesome and the place is nowhere near as crowded as most of the strip casinos.  I highly recommend the strat, particularly the upgraded Select rooms.  My only negative applies to all of Vegas, as I am a non-smoker.  Nothing is more ridiculous than watching 50 people walk through a casino get irritated as they walk by one idiot chain smoking at a slot machine.  Eventually Vegas will realize most Americans do not indulge in this disgusting habit and ban it in public venues.  Until then though, we'll just have to suffer if we want to visit.
While I only went here for the rides, Lets just say that the Stratosphere isnt a bad place.  It definitely stands out as it looks unique.. . There is always a line for the rides on top.
I'm a big Vegas fan and have stayed at plenty hotels both old and new.  We decided to try the new select rooms and we are pleasantly surprised how decent they were. We had a big a group of people both old skool and kids so we thought this was a good choice hotel because of its history. We know the Stratosphere is bit of a hike from the strip but it has its pluses. You can either eat in the hotel or walk a block or 2 to several fast food chains.  There are also several convenience & liquor stores as well within a block. Everyone in our group got a high level room (19th or 24th floor) and real non smoking.  All have views of the strip, the tower & sky jump and free unlimited passes to Tower with hotel key card. Check in was breeze, got there at 11am and there were 8 people at registration working.  Plenty of parking and unlike some other big hotels, the garage is close by to the elevators. Had lunch at Top Of The World and the food was pretty darn good. Yes, this is not a $300 plus range hotel with the snooty crowd.  Its a casual hotel with a mixture of friendly old and young crowd. It is a little bit noisy because its a crowded busy hotel but we loved our stay cause we knew what to expect!  Check out some pictures of the select room and give this iconic hotel a try :)
The Stratosphere is the perfect place if you're doing Las Vegas on a budget and you still want to have a good time! My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary (because we're awesome) and we were actually really impressed. The rooms were clean and the view was great (we could see people bungee jumping AND we had a view of the pool, which was sexy). I found myself almost every morning sitting in the window ledge watching crazy people jump. There's also a live stream of the jump on one of the hotel's tv channels which serves as the perfect music for getting ready, especially if you grew up loving pop punk. . . THE POOL! Why is no one talking about the pool? Yeah it's not Rehab, but it's awesome! The cocktails are fabulous and SOOOO good, seriously so good, and there's bikini black jack, tons of giveaways, and CABANADA! Obvs, I appreciated that. Honestly, my boy and I didn't leave this hotel for the first 24 hours or so we were in Vegas and I don't regret it. The casino has awesome drink deals and I still remember our Black Jack dealer Annie who was amazing! We were there during playoff hockey and got to bet on the games, big deal for Torontonians let me tell you. Also I found everyone here really nice. They all wear the locations of where they're from so conversation is a breeze. It's incredible how many people go to Vegas and decide not to leave! We also caught the show Bite - a topless vampire musical set to 80's rock. It was a riot!. . THE BAD: The hotel was much farther down the strip than Google maps led me to believe. We decided to walk down the strip to get to the action and it was sketch central. So many people who were really messed up. . . Honestly, everything was good here. Great restaurants and lots to do, plus the view from the top is breathtaking. I regret not dining in the restaurant, which apparently is amazing. We headed to the top one afternoon to do the rides, which was such a rush! It really provides perspective on Vegas as a city. We ventured into other hotels and casinos and they were nicer, granted, but you really can't get better than the Strat on a budget.
We try to go Vegas every few years.  In 2005 we stayed at the Stardust and liked it. (I know, the Stardust, awww, and I'm only in my 40's)  For our trip in August 2011, we stayed at the Strat, mainly because it was the best deal we could find.  . . Here's what I like about the Strat.  It's on the Strip, but less crowded and not as hectic.  You can park in the garage, walk to the the entrance, go down the escalator and around the corner to the elevator and up to your room.  It has all the penny and nickle slots we like to play, and you can usually get on a game and not have to wait.  The Hangover Game is AWESOME, and I won the progressive jackpot (ok, it was $408, but still....) The buffet is quite good,  a nice selection and there is an omelette station.  We like to go and explore, sometimes on the Strip, sometimes downtown at Fremont Street, so the location is central to both.  The pool is also awesome and quite a bit of fun.  The crowd is more laid back and easy going, not pretentious at all.  The tower is free when you stay there.  Go on a windy day and feel it sway and see how fast you want to go back down!. . The surrounding area is a bit scary, and has deteriorated.  We paid $7 and took a cab to Circus Circus just to play it safe.  Many of the surrounding buildings are vacant or worn down.  More a factor of how the economy has hit Vegas than anything else.  I must say though that I always felt safe, especially in the parking lot and surrounding  area.  . . The accomodations were ok in August.  A bit dated, but clean and comfortable.  And again, we paid about $48 a night.  I didn't notice a smoke smell like others have noted and  I didn't think that the casino was very smoky.  I'm a former smoker and I do notice and it does bother me, so for me it was fine.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  The wait staff at the buffet are amazing.  Pedro was attentive and the one morning I wasn't feeling too well (too much time at the bar), and he made sure I had plenty of coffee to get me back to speed.  . . We returned in October 2011, to meet with some friends.  I had recieved a couple free nights and was able to get a third free night  from my friend staying with me attached to my two free nights.  They gave us the more expensive weekend nights for free and added two more nights for $39 each.  A great bargain!  I requested the newly remodeled Central Tower and my room was very nice, with a view of the pool and a partial strip view.   The staff at the players club desk and at one of the bars remembered us from August (not sure if that was good or bad), but again very friendly and helpful.     . . All in all, I think who you are with matters more than where you stay.  And with the right company, you can have a fun time anywhere.!!  Will definately be going back!
The Room:. Nice, clean and modern standard. The ends of the wooden hangers can be sanded slightly more. Cozy king bed which I've woken up in different positions. It had hints of smoke, despite being a non-smoking room (some guests, I tell ya...). They offered to try the smoke scent removal machine a few hours; I declined. Easy climate controls.. . The Service:. Check-in was nice and friendly. Check-out was a smidge longer than I thought. There was an extra charge in the room and I didn't even use any extra service. It took the dude awhile just to figure it out and fix.. . Extras:. The guest fitness room was great. You can do just about anything in there from dips to pull-ups to jogging. Also stocked with towels, water and TV.
LOCATION. Ah yes, the Stratosphere. The North Star of Las Vegas. I can always find my way around by looking for the largest structure in the land. . . While the casino is away from the active Strip, located in an area that's a bit run down, it also means less street traffic to deal with, you're close to the freeway, and is fairly easy to get to Downtown Fremont Street. Just depends on how you look at things, I guess.. . HOTEL. I have had the opportunity to stay here a few times within the past year. Try booking through hotelclub.com. Considered one of the more "economical" casino hotels, don't be expecting a lap of luxury so set your expectations as such. Nevertheless, the rooms do look remodeled. Some of the amenities: iron and board, small closet and chest of drawers, a TV with limited channels (at least they have ESPN)... One time I tried to turn on the blowdryer, there was a pop and then smoke. I was able to call the front desk to have a replacement sent over later that day.. . Some perks I like: When you book a room, you get access to their impressive gym. Did I mention 24 hour access?! Also free admission up the Stratosphere tower when you show your room key. . . Three more tips before going up the Tower:. 1) Pay attention to their operating hours,. 2) There is a security check before entering the elevators,. 3) A green screen photo is taken before going up the tower, so don't wear green (sadly I made that mistake and my photo came out as a floating head).. . You can check-out from the TV menu, as many other casinos implement this as well. Just leave your keys in the room. Checkout time here is 11am.. . CASINO. Comparing the casino experience with that of others along the Strip, it's simply average. It's certainly not as glamorous or glitzy. But if you're the type of person just looking for machines to play, then you might be satisfied. It's close enough to Circus Circus too, if you want a place to entertain your child (or inner child).. . DINING OPTION. Plate (the buffet) is just average as well. If you decide to dine here though, make sure you have a players card to get their membership discount, as that will cut the costs by 25%. I've also found the service here to be rather sub-par as well, as servers would simply disappear after a while. Our family dined here right as Sunday Brunch ended, so I was able to see the transition into dinner. I must say, the brunch is far better, and I was disappointed to see the iced crab legs taken away.. . Other dining options: McDonald's, this sub sandwich place, a Mexican place... Roxy's Diner is 24 hrs. There's even a Fat Tuesday here. *heh*. . VERDICT. Consider Stratosphere an inexpensive place, whether to stay or play. If that's your thing, then enjoy! If not, look elsewhere. As for me, as long as the price point remains one of the cheaper room options in Sin City, you might find me here. Not so much to play or eat though.
We headed up the to 107 lounge for happy hour and to watch the sunset. This was a great place to see it. You do have to pay $18 to ride the elevator but the view was worth it. There are a few places to eat at the top. The fancy revolving restaurant requires reservations. The lounge was open seating and the drinks were tasty. We also had the sliders, both beef and duck. It was fun to watch the silly people do the jump off the building.
Ok, it's not in the best neighborhood, but it's safe and the location is actually pretty good - equidistant between downtown las vegas (fremont street) and the bulk of the strip. Rooms are nice for the price. We have stayed weekdays for $30-$45 a night. Within walking distance: McDonald's (dollar menu anyone?), Starbucks (free WiFi), a little local liquor store (spike your drinks by the pool) nad the world's largest souvenir store. They have a nice, large pool. Great for hanging out unless it's a windy day. And if you stay here, you get free access to the top floors - great sighseeing or good for having a late night drink with an incredible view of the Las Vegas Strip.
Great Hotel and a cheap alternative at the Strip.. Clean rooms and even the top level with view to the strip is not too expensive.. Pool is ok too.. . The Breakfast Buffett is great!
The room I had was nice especially for the price.  Casino was nice as well.  Couple of things that were not great was the distance from the garage to reception and wifi is not free.  If you are a motorcycle rider,  lock up your bags and empty your bike completely.  Bags got broken into, thankfully nothing was in them.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!. . Since the remodel, the rooms are great!!! the poker room took over the 3 daily $45 tournaments from Sahara when it closed. Love playing there. $5 blackjack tables & $10 pai gow... All the front desk people are super nice and friendly and all the people who work the VIP Services area are simply AMAZING!!! . . Spend your money here!!! It will go farther then any other major casino on the strip. If you stay here, you can go upstairsand show your room key and get a free pass to the observation tower. . . Also, although the location isn't the best, it's not that bad, you can easily walk across the street and catch the deuce bus on Las Vegas Blvd and the ride to Pawn Stars or Freemont St. is not that far...
Stayed here 6/3/12 for one night.. . We stayed in one of the remodeled rooms on the 14th floor.  The decor is clean and modern, down to the tile on the bathroom floor.  The 4 cups that were provided next to the ice bucket are actually hard plastic and reusable.  The free toiletries include shampoo, conditioner, liquid body wash, lotion, and a facial bar of soap.  Our room was described as a "deluxe view" room, which we later found out was a view of the mountains.  :). . With our key card, we were able to get our family of 5 up to the observation deck as often as we wanted for free.  Also, the casino area is separate from many of the common areas so we were able to roam about without inhaling 6 years worth of secondhand smoke.  . . We were charged a $7.50 resort fee.. . My only issue is with what the front desk described as a "family pool."  It looked more like a scene from a spring break reality show, which would be just fine if we didn't have our children with us.  . . We will definitely stay here again!
Fun hotel that has a great theme park on the top of the building! LOVED IT!. . My family got a room for a great deal (under $100) It was fairly family-friendly with all the amenities it offered. It wasn't a five star hotel by any means, but its was nice! There were places to eat and alsoa topless pool at the top! (well, when I was there) . . The swimming pool was nice because you could play water volleyball and it was so high up. Seeing the amusement park ride on the top of the building is pretty neat.  As a guest at the hotel, you get to go up to that area for FREE!  The location is great because you're close to the Las Vegas Strip.
Haven't been to LAS since 1998, so this was a trip full of anticipation and excitment. I was not disappointed. I used to book a lot of my clients here because along with Circus Circus they were the least expensive on the strip and with that went inferior service, that folks were willing to put up with because the action was ( and still is ) on the strip and npt much time was spent in the room anyway. Well,I was pleasantly surprised. I booked myself and my love here because I wanted to "SkyJump", see old LAS aka Fremont, and dine at the Top of the World for my birthday. And did all of the above.Valet parking was smooth.Check in was horrendous, with a line at least 20 deep and moved at a snail's pace. Kayala ( the desk rep) however was great and provided excellent customer service as well as ALL of the employees during my stay. In the room the bathroom towel rack was bent, no safe ( as I'm beginning to see is a common theme except at " resorts") bathroom floor molding to the door was warped, light bulb out in one of the lamps, one barbage can for the room ( I had a suite) iron was chained to the iron board which made being wrinkle free a challenge. Overall the room was nicely appointed, and clean, with a great air conditioning unit. The buffett was to die for. The staff once again were EXCEPTIOINALLY gracious and accomodating as I munched on snow crab legs for breakfast everyday. Good variety with a 5 star omelet man who I seek out in my travels everywhere I go! Strastosphere like the other properties have created an enviornment where you don't have to hit the strip......everything is there .....with the indoor mall, the Tower thrill rides,the Zagat rated restaurant, Roxy's Diner. I would stay again.
Stayed one night at was pleasantly surprised.  The room was neat and clean and the elevators were fast.  We used all of amenities available to us and had a great time.  The 107 Lounge was excellent!  Will stay here again soon.
I appreciate a bargain, so when I booked our trip through vegas.com, I was proud of myself for using their site. We were able to fly on Spirit and stay at the Stratosphere from 9/25 (Tue) - 9/30 (Sun) for $453 per person! . . We arrived at the hotel before 10am and a room was ready for us on the 15th floor that had a view of downtown Las Vegas.. . The room was adequate with a very comfortable king bed, in-room safe, large vanity, full size mirror, plenty of storage for clothes and lots of pillows. The bed even came with a large bolster pillow which we're looking for online to buy because it actually improved the quality of sleep for my boyfriend's back.. . Each hotel provides its own unique experience. We saw a spectacular show at the Stratosphere for half the price for hotel guests. BITE for $49.45 per person is worth it but vampires dancing topless to classic rock with aerial acrobatics and magic is better when it's $49.45 per couple..  . The pool is located on the 8th floor with mountain views and the ability to see the rides and watch people free fall from Sky Jump. The rotating restaurant is on the 106th floor. The observation decks, lounge and amusement rides are on the 108th and 109th floors. We didn't go on the rides but we checked out their retail mall and purchased ice cream from the Tower Pizzeria & Creamery. The fees to ride the elevator up are waived for hotel guests.. . The fitness center is located on the retail level of the Stratosphere and the price to use it is included in the $7.50 per day hotel surcharge that everyone must pay upon check in. Correct me if I'm wrong but it's the cheapest surcharge on the strip and no other hotel includes the fitness center. . . I've been coming to Vegas since 1993, staying on the strip from the Mandalay Bay to Stardust and in downtown at Fitzgeralds. It took finding a great deal to realize that the best place to stay in Vegas is at the Stratosphere. Located in the middle of Las Vegas, the strip and downtown hot spots were easily accessible, making this 6 day trip to Nevada not long enough!
I like the hotel in general. It is pretty quiet when compared to other hotels. The standard suites aren't anything out of the norm and they are not themed like other vegas hotels. But it is pretty descent and clean. I am going back in a few months. I will update you then.
This is the first place booked by my company to which I would voluntarily return. The rooms are clean and there's decent, cheap food above the casino on the 'R' level. I didn't try the italian resturant or 'upscale' resturants so can't say much there. The 50's style diner is decent, and has a graveyard special for $7 that looks like it could stop a heart.. . The Strat is a little far from the strip, but the location isn't horrible and near downtown if you prefer the downtown Vegas scene over the strip. Plus if you're into it, there's the rides at the top, or you could just sit and enjoy the view up there with a drink.. . The only bad thing on my visit was that tge pool cafe was closed at 3pm, and no where were the hours posted so I got all my stuff ready and went to the 8th floor to be very disappointed. Other than that, I would actually go back if I just needed a place in Vegas to crash.
This was hotel was ok. My friend and I hotel hopped. Started out at Stratosphere for two days and ended our Vegas trip at the Monte Carlo. The rooms are average. I would HIGHLY recommend the pool!! But their drinks though!!! My friend and I split a pitcher of blackberry mojitos! That was the best f*cking mojito everrrrr! It had muddled berries in it and mint yassss I love fresh mint! I'm a weirdo so I eat the mint lol. I wanted to try other drinks but it was two of us there so we would've been too toasted to get ready for the club lol. . . I would advise sunscreen every 10 minutes! I was in the pool for about an hour, my friend maybe 30 minutes because this heifer was doing homework in the room. When the pool closed & we got back to the room... Her face was burnt on one side and my eyes were blood shot red!! Shocked is an understatement! It was like that scene in Dude Where's My Car. "Dude what's wrong with your face?? Dude what's wrong with your eyes?!" LMAOOO! The chlorine usually burns my eyes and I have no idea how she was fried. I wouldn't book again because there are so many other hotels to experience but I will go to that pool again! I would advise hotel hopping to the people that are able to. Best way to experience multiple hotels in one shot.
I wrote a review of The Stratosphere tower where I got married but I never wrote about the 2 weeks of heaven hotel experience I had with Chong. If it wasn't obvious already, Chong is not only my best friend for life but she is my secret lesbian lover. A secret so well kept even she doesn't know I refer to her as my secret lesbian lover.. . We planned a trip to Vegas together as a very, very, VERY late combined birthday, New Years and bachelorette party. Since both of us had bank accounts with numbers that would convince any patron we made up the cast of the sitcom 2 broke girls, we chose to stay at the Stratosphere hotel for $40 a night.. . First of all $40 a night my ass. The prices were in constant flux and it ranged from $80 to $125 explained as "convention rates". Like the rest of mankind, I for one, hate places that wrongfully advertise with fine print left for interpretation so I was no fucking happy pappi. . . It would have been one thing if the following events didn't transpire. But seeing as I'm writing about them, they did. It would have been another thing if the following events involved Chong and I hooking up, but seeing as I'm not writing about them, there is no saving grace.. . We pay for our first night and my heart sank to my toes and out the horny layer (yes that`s a real layer) of my epidermis when she uttered the dreadful words "Can we get a room with 2 beds"? But hey, the fact that getting a big room with 2 beds for a low price didn't sound so bad so I had but one thing irrelevant to the hotel experience to complain about. . . We got a smoking room. Not just for smoking cigarettes but potato tomato hello ITS CHEECH AND CHONG in Vegas no fucking brainer what we were going to do. Everyone IN LIFE clearly had the same idea because we were only in the hallway and the whole floor smelled like pot. Awesome! . . There is no ventilation. The windows are sealed shut and the rooms are dusty even though I'm sure house keeping does a thorough job cleaning, at least I expect them to but then again, maybe they're just kind enough to replace the sheets and do a quick rundown with an old hoover. I became very ill and actually ruined our whole vacation. This didn't stop us from doing hawaiian smoke outs. . . At one point Chong was too lazy to leave and I was too sick to leave also so we ordered room service almost every night and watched Law and Order. It was heaven for me. The food is surprisingly good and affordable and convenient, but it's the same stuff as the restaurants in the casino of Stratosphere.... so that says something, but je ne sais quois. . . Deciding our room was bad luck we asked to switch rooms. We go downstairs, get new key cards and walk in. There are ruffled sheets and someone else's porn subscription playing on the t.v. still. Part of me wanted to stay in hopes she'd get turned on and jump on me but she did the opposite and screamed "ew" about a million times, ran out to the elevators screaming "come on cheech, we're not staying in a room that might have someone else's JiZz on the bed" . . =( "ok" I muttered and followed her to ANOTHER LONG trip to the lobby. Told em what happened and actually got a brand new amazing room that was part of the newly constructed wing.. . So all in all. That newly constructed wing is the only thing keeping this four star review afloat. Oh, that and the room service. OH and also....my memories with Chong *sigh*
Could not believe our luck when we scored a room for $20 a night . . (plus $8 resort fee, you just can't get around that in Vegad and it can easily be $20+ at other hotels). . Sure it is a bit dated but not like the ones in old town or anything.. Yes it is on the strip which is the reason we chose it, but a bit further out than we had remembered.. . It was quite a walk to the actual strip and I'm asamed to say we didn't make it much past Caesars since we walked through all the casinos on the way.. Service is great, the rooms are updated and nice.. . The views and fun stuff to do at the hotel like the skyjump or other rides are wild, we went up to the tower and took some amazing pictures and watched other foos jump to the ground.. . Being at the highest hotel in Vegas looking out, all having paid just under $30 was a great nice and a wonderful Vegas experience.
Great price and clean. I took the cheapest room they had to stay for a convention for a week. The room was clean and the price was right. It was easily 60% cheaper than any other option and it was very nice.  The resort fee was a surprise when I arrived but other than that, two thumbs up,  I would definitely stay there again.
Nice room,fun casino, Awsome Time!
I booked an excellent deal with Priceline and got a 3 nights hotel stay at the Stratosphere for about $167 total. I just recently got back from the trip. This place is cool, I can't believe so many negative reviews on here. . . 1/ It's a 3 or 3 1/2 stars resort hotel, My mom and I got 2 queen size beds in North Tower Non-Smoking 16th floor. Room is cool, clean and spacious. . . 2/ Being a guest here, you have - free admission to the tower, free use of pool and the gym, discounted tickets forshows. . . 3/ Very easy check out, just click on the tv screen. . . 4/ 6 levels of parking, I drove over from Cali so I'm not bitching about the cab/location being far from the strip. . . 5/ $7.50 a night resort fees, cheap comparing to other places. . . 6/ It's in the northside, between the strip and downtown. . . The only reason why I don't give this place a 5 stars is because 1/ the cleaning lady forgot to give us soap for 1 day and 2/ the check in lady said no coupons for free drinks unless I join some ace club or something which I don't want to do since I don't gamble that much. Otherwise, it's cool, I'd stay here for a good deal again.
AAA DISCOUNTS  saved some money...management was helpful; but the room offered for upgrade wasn't ready by the arrival time.. I didn't wish to wait around with the fiance for unknown hours til ready for the king size with fridge so took a queen w/ a fridge, still an upgrade  but not what was told I got booked for.. Yet, I did get the fridge accommodation and slight upgrade at no additional charge.. CHEAPEST rates I found were here at the time.
Stayed here over the last weekend during our Vegas trip and found it to be conveniently located at the south end of the strip. Is surrounded by Dennie's IHOP, Carl's Jr, McDonald's all within walking distance which is another plus. Had a big line for check-in but still got done in under 15 mins which was good. Rooms are cleaned late in the evening unless you are checking out in which case they will start hounding you before 9 a.m. itself. In the mornings even though there were 4 elevators had to wait almost 10 mins to get one free to come down. All in all a good place considering the amount that we paid for the room.
On a recent trip to Las Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised by the Stratosphere. . . My boyfriend and I booked a deal with this place on the app Hotel Tonight. When you sign up for Hotel Tonight, you automatically get $25 free credits. The deal was $33 (including tax) for a king size room at the Stratosphere. Well, with my credit, I only ended up paying $8 for the room. Fuck yes!. . The rooms are standard and no frill. There's some ugly shit on the walls which made me wonder if I'd like a hotel room better if the walls were bare. The size of the room was pretty big and the nice lady at the front desk put us right by the elevator. . . Noticing that the immediate neighborhood around this hotel was not-so-nice (even though it's on the strip technically), my boyfriend and I decided to just spend the entire time here. It was quite fun. Some readers may be familiar with my review of Santa Anita Park and know that I love a place where you can get all of your vices in at once. The Stratosphere kept us extremely entertained while getting said vices.. . We went to the top of the tower which is free to hotel guests. We got drunk up there. We played the slots which surprisingly didn't take all of our money at once. We found a nice little store to buy booze and cigarettes (I don't smoke, but I guess I smoke in Vegas) right by the elevator. . . Basically, everything we needed was at either end of that elevator. . . I will definitely return especially if I can get a deal like that again!
This is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip along with Circus Circus. It's also one of the hotels the furthest down on the strip. Don't dare try walking the strip from this hotel unless you have really good shoes and a day pack. My sister and I learned our lesson the 1st time we went and stayed at Circus Circus. We had never been to Vegas before and I guess the Strip looks a lot shorter than you think when you're driving down it. So like the naives we were we walked from Circus Circus to the MGM Grand and my sister nearly died. Then we found out there is a trolley that you can get an all day pass for going up and down the strip. Ai ya!. . So the 2nd time we went and stayed at the Stratosphere. The Stratosphere is not that bad of a hotel. I didn't feel unsafe walking around outside and the casino is quite nice as well. The first night we got there after 6 hours of travelling we went and bought tickets to the attractions on the top of the Stratosphere. You take the elevator up what seems like 200 floors and step out on a platform. This is not for people afraid of heights at all. The fearless daredevils that we were we jumped on the ride that is like The Superman at Six Flags that shoots you up in the air at like Mach 6000. I admit, my palms were a little sweaty and my heart was palpitating slightly. So the ride shot us up in the air and stops just short of shooting you off the top of the Stratosphere to fall several hundred feet to your death. Everything was fine...then I look over and see my sister's head slumped to the side. I had noticed that she had stopped screaming mid way up. I have never been so scared in my life. I thought she had died. There is no way to get off the ride until they bring you back down. But they shot us up twice....which I guess was good for the money. So after they brought us back down, her little head popped up and I began breathing again. She was screaming so hard that she couldn't catch her breath and just blacked out. HAHA! . . Then we got on the roller coaster that takes you over the edge of the Stratosphere. Again...not for chumps. This one wasn't as fun since they had to put the breaks on like every 3 seconds to prevent you from going too fast and flying off the Stratosphere...again falling several hundred feet to your death. But they really have you locked in up there so I felt really secure. . . After that adventure we went down the elevator, gambled a little and went out in search of some trouble on the Strip (it wasn't that hard to find). . The hotel itself is nice too. It was a place to lay our heads down. They have a pool on one of the higher levels, if not the roof, so it makes you feel all posh that you get to strut around in your 'kinis and flip flops with a dranky drank in your hand...thong & heels and a fur coat if yer classy. Haaaaa!
My husband and I stayed on an impulse last minute night in Vegas March 2012.  The rate was $15 a night plus tax.  Yes, you read that right, last minute rate of $15! So when we checked in, the sweetie at the counter - very friendly and helpful - was instinctively doing everything in her power to get us a free upgrade for our insanely low price.  We paid an extra $20 for a late check out so we could sleep in.  We had asked for a smoking room but as some sort of Nascar convention had taken all their smoking rooms she put us in a smoking room.  She told us if we smoked in the room nobody would do anything.  We did smoke in the room, and it was fine. We had a very nice room with an amazingly comfortable king size bed and an incredible view of the city.  The bathroom was immaculate with a jetted tub big enough for my husband and I to enjoy a night of romance.  As hotel guests we were able to attend the Stratosphere show "Bite" at a two for one price with a discount on drinks.  The drinks were yummy, (the bartender was incredibly friendly and helpful) the show was awesome if you are into vampires, tits, and classic rock (which my husband and I are, very much.) Included in our room were tickets to the top of the tower.  They take your picture before going up and later try to sell you overpriced photos of you in front of a green screen.  We did buy one 8x10 as a souvenier.  My husband isnt into heights, so we didnt stay at the top very long - but I loved it. After the show and a night out on the town, we enjoyed sleeping in, ordering room service, and watching Jerry Springer, and giggling over the "escort" section of the yellow pages.  (Affordable Asians, haha!) The room service wasn't the best or worst food, but it was affordable and timely, and allowed us a lesuirely morning in our room.  The stratosphere is affordable, the customer service is stellar, the show room is intimate and the production was surprisingly good for the price. The cons: location.  The hotel is located at the seedy end of the strip that smells like urine, surrounded by suspect people.  When you go anywhere I recommend taking a limo or cab closer to where the action is.  Don't try to walk anywhere outside near the stratosphere, especially late at night.
Outdated but nice Hotel overall! Their buffet is not good, but their are other restaurants in the Hotel! Their is a restaurant that is on the top floor that is very nice.... It slowly spins & you will be able to see the highest view of Las Vegas! BEAUTIFUL VIEW! The resturant is very upscale. There is a photographer that will offer to take pictures! Beautiful pictures! The restaurant is very expensive! $50 minimum per guest but it was worth the experience! . . I won over $700 for my birthday in the Casino so I can't complain! I really enjoyed my stay! The rooms were plain but perfect... Nice & clean!
I visited the Stratosphere Hotel in September 2011. . It is located at the end of the Strip. The rooms are quite average and provide a medium standard. The pool area of the hotel is rather below average compared to other hotels. Overall I was satisfied with the offer of the hotel. For the budget traveler, the hotel is a very good choice.
Came here for the rides and the view.  I recommend them all, especially the one where you jump off the side of the building.  Do that one last, when you're done with happy hour at the lounge.  Gets you to the bottom floor in no time flat and as no one wants to do that ride there never is a  line to "get down" from the top.
We had stayed here Thurs 3/14- Sun 3/17. My daughter had a soccer tournament in Las Vegas and needed a reasonable place to stay but also a place where the adults could have a little fun too. I was pleasantly surprised to have a nice room for the price I paid! The front desk was helpful. The housekeeper was friendly. Clean beds and bathrooms.  Flat screen tv. I would definitely come here again!
This review is for Lounge 107. Anything else as in the hotel or casino I can't comment on. If you go for happy hour which is 4-7pm you don't have to pay for the elevator ride up to the lounge. Which is $16 normally if I remember right. The lounge itself large and nice with a romantic type of ambience. It's kind of dimly lit with killer views of the Las Vegas strip. The drink special is 2 for 1 martini's which has to be the same flavor. It's cool if you go with someone cause then you both can order a flavor and switch one. Our favorite when we went was the "Red Velvet" martini. We also got their sliders and some type of calamari and shrimp dish. Both were really good. The sliders were pretty big, not like normal tiny sliders. So we got the elevator ride up for the both of us, 4 martini's, and 2 entrees for $41 plus a tip. Can't beat that. Definitely a cool spot to go to with a date. The only bad part is it's located at the end of the strip but hey that's what taxis are for...
First off, ask for the upgrade to the remodeled rooms. It is an extra $10 a night and from what I understand, worth the price. The room we had was remodeled and clean. The only issue was a crack in the tub but I think it was more cosmetic. The other larger issue was that the doors needed to be soundproofed! Every time people walked by you heard them. One group was so loud I thought they were in front of our door. I went in the hall and they were six doors away but I could clearly hear their conversation before I opened the door.  Apparently it was a 4:00 am therapy session for cougars.  The price includes the pool (over crowded with families) and visits up the top of the stratosphere. The Stratosphere was amazing with inside and outside viewing area.  We went at sunset for a great view. The bar up there is great too.
I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago. I saw some shows, and went to a bunch of casinos. I heard Stratosphere was a bit run down but I was pleasantly surprised when I got there. They had a great Italian restaurant!! The casino was very clean and my buddies had a blast learning to play Craps... even though we didn't win. Lots of fun machines to play there too. Also, the show we saw at 1030 there was great.
I expected this hotel to be old and run down, but was very surprised.  Clean and rooms looked good !   With the staff we did deal with was very nice and helpful.  We had a small problem with our TV, the remote was not operating the TV.  The desk sent someone with a new remote five minutes later (this was around 8pm at night). It did not work so he stated a tech would be sent out.  The next afternoon as we were leaving our room we advised the housekeeping and by the time we returned to our room it was all working.  Loved the fact that the public transit (RTC) was right by the hotel.  A Starbucks is located in the hotel, a big plus!  The hotel bar offers all you can drink between the hours of 6pm-10pm for $20.  The restaurant in the hotel (the roxy) was good food for breakfast.  It seemed a little expensive , but everything in Vegas is.  The only issue we had was that we stayed on the 8th floor and that's where all of the traffic to the pool was, so we had kids running down the hall.
A great value and a great experience. While it will always be location challenged it now is worth the walk. Can't wait to get back next month.
Loved my stay here my room was clean and decent not the prettiest room but hey you get what you pay for. It was definietly worth the $25 a night. Basic needs, comfy king bed, flat screen tv, closet, and a deep tub small bathroom tho. I didn't like that there was a door that connected to the room next to me I could walk in on the person or vice versa plus I could hear him snoring.. Casion is very clean and giving(; .. but some corners are really dark at night and scary if you're alone I didn't see security near that area. It doesn't smell like smoke like other casinos on the strip. So ventilation is GOOD.. Hotel service is good. Was able to check in early even tho booked through an agency. Fast check out. . But the buffet here sucks I'd rather walk to jack in the box down the road.
I was in Vegas for a wedding and everyone in the wedding party was staying at the Strat so my girlfriend and I decided to stay here. Before my stay here I had never even set foot on the grounds of the Strat because it is so far from everything else. I was however pleasantly surprised! Our room is really nice, especially for how little we paid! The casino isn't smokey at all, and we received 2 free drinks while playing the penny slots (which never happens!). . . The view from the top of the Strat at night is effin amazing! The bar downstairs has all you can drink 5pm-9pm for 20$! It's also on the Bus line that is 7$ for 24 hours unlimited rides so it's easy to get down to the bigger casinos for shows or poker rooms!. . Overall it's really cheap, it isn't the Venetian by any means but it's a nice clean place to sleep! I'd 100% stay here again, and probably will.. . My two complaints....buffet is mediocre, and the elevators take a LONG time around check out time cuz it's super busy!
We stayed in the Oasis Suite. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. The jetted tub accommodated both of us, and the bathroom was quite large. This was our first stay at the Stratosphere and we were pleasantly surprised.
Had some concerns because the Stratosphere was so far from the Strip but the prices were just too good to pass up!. Being far from the strip was kinda disappointing though, you cant just walk from one hotel to the other in less than a minute :(   And it was kind of in the ghetto.... . The room was pretty nice and wasn't too outdated. there were nice beds and a good Tv. The bathrooms were really nice and had a lot of space. Room service was pretty good.. . The Stratosphere thrill rides were fun and are a few bucks cheaper if you're staying at the hotel. The 360 degree room on the 108th was pretty cool too!. . Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Stratosphere. There were no problems with our room but a disappointment being soooo far away from the strip. BUT the prices were just too good!
I have had no problems with this Hotel. They have done allot of remodeling the past couple years which has turned this place around., If you haven't been lately it's worth another try.. .  If  your looking to party stay closer to the strip  because this is the last hotel on the strip costing about $15 for a cab to get where all the action is. But if that's not a concern and all you need is a nice room,pool, nicely ventilated casino, bars,and good restaurants then your golden here.. . Lastly if you want to be a big fish in a small pond this is the place to gamble. I spent around $500 at the tables and the pit boss asked if I wanted comped tickets to the show, My whole trip I spent around $2000 and moved to V.I.P. status on the players club card, Which is good enough to get my business at least if  there going to get my money I might as well get treated like a king. I f you spend that kind of money at the larger hotels you can't get a cup of water.
See the special offer page on the Stratosphere website for great deals. I used one of these offers and got a lower rate than my friend that booked over the phone. . . The hotel rooms and towers seem recently updated but the casino and retail level could use a makeover. Because of this, we only spent one night gambling at the Stratosphere. I had a rental car so we could quickly go to other casinos on the strip. . . The pool area and bar are adequate and it's fun to watch people doing the Skyjump off the tower. A full service Starbucks in the casino lobby was a welcome surprise but there can be a long line around 9 am. . . If you have a rental car, the Stratosphere is a good, inexpensive place to stay and use as your base of operations. I would stay there again.
I usually stay here while in Vegas when I need to pay for a hotel.  It's technically on the Strip, but it's far up on the North side of it.  The only thing close by is the Sahara which is now closed.  The next closest casino is Circus Circus and it's quite a walk.. . The hotel rooms are clean and recently updated.  Prices are slightly cheaper than most places on the Strip since this isn't exactly on the Strip and it's at the beginning of the slightly seedy area of Vegas. Around $100/night is typical.. . I enjoy gambling here because you can find plenty of table games where it's $5-$10 minimum during the weekend, unlike most of the Strip casinos where $15 if you are lucky is the minimum.. . The pool area is decent.  There is a bar and plenty of towels.. . The observation deck is free to hotel guests during the day with a pass that comes with your fun book.  (but honestly, who wants to go up there during the day?)
I stayed at the Strat and was pretty pleased.. . POSITIVES. - Low table minimums. - Easy to get comped (I got a free buffet super-fast betting minimum bets at a $5 table.). - Nice staff. . NEGATIVES. - I got a hot tub suite, which was great, but there was mold underneath the soap dish, and excessive dust in the air vent.  How does housekeeping not clean/replace these things, especially in a suite?. - The casino floor has a distinctive smell that you may not love.  (It's better than, say, the Riviera, but not as good as the Venetian.). - No great dining options onsite.. . The mix of people at the strat was just that, a mix.  There were straight-up ghetto people, well-off people, and a surprising number of foreigners.  There were also what seemed like roving groups of foreign men hoping to hook up, but no ladies to reciprocate (that I could see).  I felt bad for the dudes; hopefully they took a cab to a location with better odds.  (I think the Strat is not a great place to meet women...)
We had great service and great prices for a hotel on the strip. But do not go into the casino with children and when they ask you to leave they are a little rude about it.
had a blast here at the stratosphere. the service was very friendly and even the dealers are too. the best thing i loved was the military discounts! the decent accommodations are not bad and unfortunately its a little far from the strip but you can't beat the price.
Before I even start this review, I'm just gonna say I'm biased towards Stratosphere. A good biased might I add... . This has been our go-to hotel/resort for my family and I ever since I was like....in elementary school.. . From years ago until the present time, all our stays here have been nothing but pleasant. From the parking garage to our rooms....everything was quick, easy and hassle free. . . Great rates can always be found here. I mean, what more do you really need in a hotel room? You're in Vegas. I'm sure most of you are out of your rooms during the day (and even night.) As long as the room you're staying in is fully functional and clean...that should be enough. If you're a tourist that's looking for "oh mai gawd, I want to live the luxurious lifestyle with a fancy check in area" and blah blah blah...take your ass to the Venetian, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, or Wynn. . . But seriously...the Strat has everything you can possible need while on a Vegas vaca. You got your casino floor with endless amounts of slot machines and table games. You got your restaurants (affordable ones AND your $$$$$ ones). You got 2+ bars. A small souvneir shopping area. Sportsbook. A pretty decent pool. What more do you really need!?!
Loved the room and the view, the price was affordable, $32 plus $15 resort fee. Went to the top of tower, cool experience, very beautiful top of the world scenic view. It's worth doing at least once, when u rent a room the entrance to tower is FREE. . Keep in mind this hotel is a few minutes from all the wildness of the strip, location is a bit on run down side of Las Vegas Blvd.
I am not rich. I always keep an eye out for a good deal. When I booked the Stratosphere I was worried it would be REALLY far from everything and that it would be crappy. Well it was only sort of far from everything and slightly dated! Which for the price I paid I thought was well worth it! Our room was very nice and clean and the casino paid out pretty big on their slots! And the wait staff were really nice! Don't do the buffet it's really bad :o( The hotel and stores are outdated but not that bad. The travel to the strip taking the DEUCE  wasn't that bad either. Again for the PRICE I paid it was really good!
Not located on the best part of the strip, but not too far from Down Town, or the new casinos either. Everything about the Stratosphere is dated, but that is the beauty of it. There is a lot of character there, and it shows. The staff has always been super friendly and helpful, or try to be. It must have been close to the end of her shift, but the server forgot out drinks, said she'd be back, and never did. . . Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. . . . They have great weekday deals, which is a plus. But remember, you get what you pay for.. . The Tower is ok, the rides are pretty thrilling, there are two I won't do. One will just get me dizzy, the other is the Skyjump; which I won't do because of the price. For not that much more, you could actually go skydiving, which I have done.. . The resort fees aren't too bad, though not as high as the newer casinos, are a waste if you don't use them. Do the Tower and pool at least one day, maybe stop by the gym.
The rides on top look too scary!!!!
what a lovely hotel... reminded me of the auckland city new zealand.. ! we had the best time in vegas.. this place has so many drunk memories attached..i can never forget this place ever.the rooms were great neat and tidy,the rides on top are not at all scary,its a cool place.. :) over all... very GOOD!
I was fortunate enough to stay here on a "FAKE FREE" promotion through "Casa Blanca Vacations." (which they suck btw) It turned out I had to pay a "resort fee" which was about $40. Whatever, that is still a very reasonable price. Just as cheap or cheaper than a roach motel.. Never again did I have to dish out any more money for any "stupidities." I needed to get something faxed to me, sign it and fax it back, and the conciere did it all for me FREE of charge! How awesome is that! (at Kinko's that would've easily been like $10 bucks or so..) Hey, that's two hands of Black Jack right there! Lol.. It being one of the oldest hotels in Vegas, and for the next to nothing price I paid, I did expect the worse. But on the contrary it was pretty well kept. Casino floor, pool, what else can you ask for? . .  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=t6_m_WzKi9g
Best value for the money. Decent rooms, but a little noisy with doors slamming and people talking in the halls. If you want fancy rooms you may want to go elsewhere. We wanted an inexpensive place to stay with clean rooms and good ratings. We didn't want a fancy high priced hotel, so this was great for our needs. The tower has a great 360 degree view of Vegas too.
This review is only for the Casino, I did not stay at the hotel. . When arriving we stopped at the Valet to leave the car, the gentleman who took the car was so helpful and asked us if we needed any directions or help with any bags, or if we were looking for anything specific, he had a super friendly personality. We were just there to see the casino and do a little bit of slot playing so I said no thank you and got my ticket. . We went inside and I liked how the slot machines where were set up, they weren't too close together like some tend to be, there was enough room to walk around them and pick your lucky slot. We walked around the casino for a little bit and realized we wanted to grab something to eat first, so we went over to the Stratosphere buffet. Everything was yummy and it was reasonably priced for a brunch buffet. The staff was all super nice. . After way too long at the buffet I was ready to throw a little bit of money away. I found a Penny slot that was calling my name so I sat down and pulled my wallet out. Before I could even open it a very friendly cocktail waitress came by and asked if she could get us anything. My boyfriend and I asked for a drink and she asked to see our ID's. Some people might be upset at this, but if you think I look to young then I'm A OK with that!   She was a little shocked at how hold my boyfriend was since he really doesn't look his age and said she would be right back. She was back before I could even lose my first $10 which was really fast service. She called us young-ins gave us our drinks and wished us luck. A few minutes later I won 10,500 pennies!!!!!!! I was happy as could be! I'm not the greedy kind so I printed out my ticket right away and went to look for the cashier to turn in my ticket and call it a day. . There was only one person in line ahead of me so this went by really quick. I don't like a lot of crowds and the hustle and bustle of the hotels on the strip, so this was the perfect place for me. Not to mention the great customer service they provide. Shortly later we were ready to leave, we went back to the Valet and gave them our ticket, they said the car would be right around shortly. Less than 5 minutes later there was my car, in the dead heat of the 100+ degree summer and my car was cool and comfortable. I thank and tipped the Valet, he said thank you and asked us if we needed any directions or recommendations for our next destination.  I thanked him and said we knew where we were going, he said to have a great day and drive safe. It's sad but I have not seen this kind of customer service at any of the other strip hotels.  I can defiantly say I will be back to this hotel & casino again the next time I'm out in Vegas.
I'm giving 4stars considering how cheap it is. We stayed for one night only. The room was quiet, clean and spacious. The tower has magnificent views, I wish they allowed tripods up there though. It's not in walking distance to the strip hotels but you can't walk everywhere anyway. We drove to caesars and parked there and then walked the strip. I haven't checked the pool
Not the most high end hotel in Vegas, but you definitely get more than you pay for.  Room was upgraded for free.  Had a view of the parking garage and mountains, but the size of the room more than made up for it.  Incredible cinnamon roll french toast for breakfast.  One order was more than me and my wife could finish.   Really nice 50s theme restaurant that I unfortunately can't remember the name.  Had chicken fried steak and a coke float for breakfast.  Not on the strip but easy enough to get to.  Great outdoor lounge in upper stratosphere with incredible jalepeno bagels.  Cant wait to stay here again.
Every time I visit Vegas, we usually book a hotel in the center of the strip so we will be closer to all the action. . . Since all the hotels in Vegas now starting adding resort fee in your stay, we've decided to book a room at Stratosphere Tower because the resort fee only cost $14 instead of $20 elsewhere and it includes unlimited tower admission, the only downside internet is not included in the resort fee.. . . We stayed in the Stratosphere SELECT room, which I believe is the nicest room than the deluxe and premier room. The room is very modern with modern tiles lining the restroom and 1/5 of the room. It has flat screen tv with no HD content at all. Why is it that most hotels in Vegas has flat screen tv but it's not in High Definition. . . Here's a steady HD video of the new select room I shot: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Haq4fcSq-HY. . The hallway to our room looks really nice. The only complain I had with the room is that they install water saving shower head. The water pressure wasn't that strong, and I had to spend more time in the shower to get myself clean, so the defeat the purpose of installing water saving shower head. I hate when hotel goes green.. . So for those, who planning on staying at Stratosphere Tower, I strongly recommend staying in the SELECT room because it's just as nice as if you were to stay on the center Vegas strip.. . So here's a video that I shot giving a full steady tour of the new Stratosphere Select room:. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Haq4fcSq-HY
My husband and I stayed here on Thursday and what can I say it was decent for the price. We payed $45 for one night therefore I was not expecting it to be super luxurious. The room was under my husband's name but he was at a conference therefore I asked if I could check in without him. I was expecting them to say no but surprisingly the guy at the front desk was very nice and accommodating and managed to check me in and give me a key to the room without my husband present. It helped that I had the same last name along with the confirmation email for the room. As hotel guests we got unlimited access to the tower which is normally $18 per person. You can have unlimited access for up to four people plus we got 2 for one coupons for the rides. I felt like it was a pretty good value.
We have been coming here for years and the hotel has in advantages and a few drawbacks.First they have great rates and usually in the offseason you can get a room for under 40. When you book the room make sure you choose the Newer Tower as you don't want to be in the old section of the hotel. Next, they have reasonably priced drinks at the bars you won't pay 12-15 a drink as you do in most of the upscale hotels. In addition, they have a great Italian restaurant with good service and easy access never to busy..There is also a mall upstairs which has a large selection of shops.. . If you have never been to Vegas I would not recommend this hotel. If you want to be in the heart of the city this hotel is too far away unless you have a car. The areas next to and behind the hotel and very sleezy..This is a great place to do Vegas on a budget and the pool plays music and the gym inside is only 10 per day without the spa..
Cool fun place for gambling, food and rides. Top of tower great lounge and restaurant, there is an observation deck with three great rides for the thrill seekers and a gift shop. . . On ground level, all your favorite slots and table games, great place for a night out.
As soon as my husband and I were old enough to legally partake in the world of Las Vegas, it was at The Stratosphere. A month before turning 21 I obsessively looked up hotel websites and I knew it was the one as soon as I saw thrill rides! I honestly didn't know what to really expect, I live in Alaska and my only real basis was from watching Vegas Vacation way too many times, I really expected to win multiple cars at the slot machines just like Nick Papageorgio. . . No, its not smack dab in the middle of the strip but its so fun and laid back that I didn't care if I had to walk a little once I decided to actually leave the hotel (although you don't really need to). Rides, casino, shopping, 5 star dining, fast food, and actually very fast free drink service. . . You can eat up in the sky or grab some McDonalds for a late night snack or go to the casino in PJ's when it's 4 am and you cant sleep. I remember the first time I was there at the Blackjack table and every time you got a "21" they would give you a voucher for a free taco at their Mexican restaurant, so after winning money and numerous free drinks we ended up with 7 free shrimp tacos! It may not be the Wynn but it was a nice and fun added bonus. . . Also, you can tell that the demographic didn't take themselves too seriously, at the time I had never played Blackjack and had no idea what was going on but other players at the table were not only patient and friendly but they helped me and one lady even gave me her vouchers for "free match play" and handed me one of her chips before she left. . . So I may be a seasoned Vegas Vacationer now and have since stayed at more than 7 different strip hotels that have a higher star rating, but The Stratosphere  was my first and it obviously made a good impression because I  keep going back.
We stayed in the newly renovated rooms on the top floor, overlooking the tower. The room was pretty nice. However; the bathroom had very dim lighting.2 and the shower curtain only covered 75% of the shower. The bed was nice, matress was on the firm side, which I don't mind. I wouldn't have minded if there was a fridge in the room. Other than that, the tv was nice, towels and sheets were good...and they have black out curtains.. I know other people have complained about being off the strip, but it's only about a 1/4 mile away, and I like not having to get through drunk people on the way to my room. Plus, every hotel offers free parking.. If your going to eat at the hotel, stick with the Italian restaurant instead of the buffet...more expensive, but better food
We stay here for at least one week a year 4 years now.. . I've stayed at other places but I like the Strat most by far.. . I read some of the other reviews of the Stratosphere before I decided to write mine, so there are a few things that BEG pointing out.. . Pretty much every Casino Hotel your going to stay atis LARGE, large means a heck of a walk from the front door to your room, get over it. . . If you feel rushed and your paying talk to a manager after your meal or just take your time, without being a jerk. Its totally possible, and sometimes they will even feel bad because they didn't realize that they were making you feel rushed.. . Every staff member I ever interacted with here was amazing, from maintenance to the front desk. . . I am not much of a gambler but we do play slots and a few other games occasionally, I love the bar when you walk in (C Bar) and Yvonne was a great waitress several years running. (hope she is still around actually). . We go for a convention in January yearly and we've gotten so accustomed to staying at the Stratosphere that we've converted atleast a dozen people from other hodge podge hotels to stay with us here. . . Probably the BEST thing about staying here is being able to go to the tower for free. That alone pays for the resort fees. We use it almost daily and you can bring up to 4 people up altogether, so we (as a couple) can bring another couple with us. They have a drink at the Air Bar (I think its called Jetfuel) its amazing, super fun and you get refills at a discount. Thankfully we share and get refills and they don't care.. . We've had a few small problems in the dozen or so times we've stayed here, most noteable was the air conditioner making a noise, then dying, we called the front desk and the repair guy came 15 minutes later and replaced it (pulled it out as we were leaving for the day) and ONE oither time we had an issue that I won't even discuss here it was VERY upsetting, but they were SO amazing about it that they upgraded our room and moved us at 1:30am. We were grateful for how well they handled issues and how nice everyone is about any concerns we had.. . I also love the diner there, the food is good in the morning or in the evening. The staff there has been nothing if not fun and quirky, fast and entertaining. I will have to review that seperately.. . I'm very happy about my experiences here, I like the rooms, the food and the staff.. . If you don't like your view, pay to upgrade, if you don't want to pay the resort fees, you should seriously rethink going to Vegas OR you should do some serious research.. . I've already made my reservations for January!
We had a great stay... the tower was amazing and the customer service was the best I have ever had in a Casino. We asked for a room change, and they delivered. Also, the baggage man, Jeffery, was very nice. I don't think we would ever had come back if it wasn't for his extraordinary customer service and for the overall atmosphere.
Great place to stay. The good thing about staying here is that hotel guests get unlimited access to the stratosphere upper lobby (at 107 floors) and terrace (which is at prob 7 $ or so otherwise). The rides are still to be paid for , but nevertheless a good deal.. . Hotel was good and the staff was good. The room was pretty good as well. The location is a little away from the main hotels at the strip (mgm , nyny ,paris) but pretty good anyways!
