Okay I don't know about that 2.5 hour wait around Christmas time and the $10 ripoff, I mean line bypass charge buuuuuut this buffet is pretty fricking rad. I had dinner here with my family the night before Christmas eve. We got in line at about 8:40 and it took up probably 40 mins to get in from the line up. I'm not gonna go into too much detail since there's already about 900 people who wrote page long reviews before me.. . Main point: This buffet is not the most expensive I've been to nor is it anywhere close to being the most extensive. But I saw that many people mentioned that this buffet wasn't worth the money... IMHO the Chilean Sea Bass and Marsala Snapper are worth the money alone. Oh my lard, words CANNOT describe the heavenly flavors of those two fish dishes.. . CREME BRULEE is quite worth the mention as well as I nearly fainted when I tasted my first spoonful.. . . Wynn is still money baby. Yes, quite literally.
I am not a big buffet fan, but the buffet at Wynn is amazing!  This place can easily be the BEST buffet in Vegas. It's definitely a must-go place if you are a buffet lover and want to do your buffet right.
We waited 45 minutes to eat on New Year's Day.  It was well worth the money.  We not only ate deliciously moist crab legs, but also had some awesome pear/walnut salad, roasted goose, lamb chops, dried cherry mushroom risotto, stuffed pasta and a variety of cheese and fruit.  OMG!  . . I didn't even feel disgusting after eating 5 plates of food since the food was not heavy or greasy.   After a little rest, we got the energy to get up for dessert and we were impressed.  I ate a lot of little bites, but I recall the orange tapioca (okay, but cool presentation), creme brulee (so-so), pumpkin pie (too pumkin-y), pecan pie (prefect!),  vanilla gelato (tasted like heavy cream) and candies apples (soooo good!)  . . Skip the bread, creamy pastas and not-so-amazing sushi so you can fill up on meats.  Service was also stellar.  No piles of plates waiting to be cleared!
You know you're Vegas spoiled when you give the Wynn Buffet 4 stars.  I've been to the Rio, Bellagio, and M buffets in recent history.  The Wynn is 2nd best to Bellagio and I'll explain why.... . Price? EXCELLENT.  I came here on Friday before 3:30pm to get a weekday lunch price of $24.  The dinner food rolled in shortly afterwards.. . Food?  HITS AND MISSES.  . - Duh, go for the prime rib.. - Vegetarian options are generous and pleasing!  They have curries and Indian naan.. -  The items in the bamboo steamers are delicious, but watch out because the steam will sting your hand!. - The crab legs could definitely be more fresh.  At Bellagio buffet, the seafood was sweet, a sign of freshness. Here, not so much.. - DO NOT get the made-to-order pasta unless you like to drink olive oil.  The chefs go insane with the oil, adding enough to create a thick layer beneath your pasta.  Disgusting and unappetizing.. - The dessert selections looked beautiful, but the items I tried did not live up to their visual appeal.  I preferred the GELATO (could not stop getting this.  they come in the cutest tea cups) and the denser cakes (chocolate based).  The jello/champagne like shooters were icky tasting.  . . My buffet experience here was rated against higher standards, but just keep this in mind:  avoid that pasta or it will kill you.  The price is definitely more affordable than the buffet at Bellagio with a nearly comparable selection of quality food.
Great stone crabs in dinner buffet. Great selection. Great apple cooler. Try the salmon. Bad pasta and pizza. Bad sushi.
The best buffet ever.. . We had followed everyone's advice and went right at 3:30 to pay the lunch price and eat the dinner food. We got extremely lucky because we were the last group that got the lunch price before they started charging for dinner. Since we were a large group (about 10 people), tip was included in our meal and we each paid $40 for the buffet. After dishing out so much, I definitely had high expectations.. . First thing I went for? The meat. I love prime rib and racks of lamb and man were they GOOD. The pastas were also surprisingly tasty, especially the pumpkin ravioli. Other good things were the veal and the desserts! OMG the desserts! There were so many choices and I wanted to eat everything! I ate so many macarons that I thought I would burst. There were also ice cream, many types of cakes, meringues, puddings, and so many other types of desserts. Definitely save room for the desserts.. . Unfortunately, the crab legs failed to impress me and after eating a few, I definitely lost interest. Maybe seafood isn't my thing. Also the creme brulee was runny but I didn't really mind since I love creme brulee. . . To top off a great buffet experience, our waiter was so nice. He was so attentive and friendly I almost wanted to tip him some more.. . Go for the meat and the desserts. Totally worth it.
Hands down, one of the best buffets on the strip. Waited in a fat line for nearly an hour and a half. Worth it. . . Note: Try to get in on the VIP line action. Not sure how, since I guess I'm just a regular P. . . Service can be a little slow clearing tables and refilling drinks, but other than that the food is awesome and the desserts are out of this world. Prime rib was very flavorful, king crab legs and VERY easy to eat, lobster pot pie is hidden in the corner, etc... As far as desserts go, EVERYTHING is good. Must try the waffle, it takes a little while to make, but it definitely hits the spot. Now all they need to do, is class up this joint and put out some fried chicken. Mmmmmm.
My last meal in Vegas was to be at the Wynn Buffet. I know everyone has their ideas of who has the best buffet, and for the money Wynn was pretty good. . . I started off with one plate of light and healthy food;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=XAIe2EouM1VRMsZOZv_TBw. . Then a second plate of light and healthy food;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=7Cyk37tWGZpwYpucogEFKw. . Then we wanted to try half of all the desserts;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=fG5mYm_KpSyQVUJHH_-fNg. . Then another batch of the remaining desserts;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=SFFPumnxHer-hoYQqeMRSw. . Then the last few, yet to be tasted, desserts;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=OxZmAkenCPealApavCmlSg. . To say I left full and jacked up on sugar would be an understatement. But I did leave feeling as though I did a good job eating in Vegas.
Ate here on our last day in Vegas and waited in line for an hour or so. It was worth it! The desserts are beautiful and delicious! The food has many selections from different ethnicities and they all tasted great! Recommend you eat here if you feel like buffet in Vegas. :)
Good but not great.  Wide selection but not as much as Wicked Spoon.
This has got to be one of the best buffets I've been to. Waiting in line is just as bad as any other buffet but once you're in it's just worth it. It looks very nice and it's spacious. My two favorite things to grub on are the crab legs and the crepes. I recommend coming early. Dinner starts at around 3:30. My only minor complaint is I wish table service was a little more quick. But that's it.. . Just a side rant: I feel that it's easy for scumbags to cut in line when it starts moving. This happened last time I ate there. The line was progressing and they were letting people from the second line go to the main line and this stupid couple wandered right in front of me as I was walking. God, that's annoying. Have some courtesy and make sure you go at the end of the damn line, people. They eventually left though.
I would say this place is better than the Bellagio in terms of food quality, but not as much selection as the Bellagio.. . Everything was very good and it's up there with the better buffets in Vegas.
I loved this buffet! The service is friendly, the food is fresh with tons of great variety, and the seating is wonderful! for the price of $38, this buffet is a must! its kind of a world buffet in a way. All I have to say is that the Prime rib is legit!
As with any buffet make sure you walk the full length of the buffet before diving in.  Excellent food.  Good selection.  Great desert selection.  Expensive compared to others, but possilbly the best buffet Vegas.
The first thing I noticed when I got the buffet were the delicious candy apples sitting at the dessert station.. . Not a bad buffet. Super pricey. Once again, super long line. They have a special where you can pay extra to cut the line which I think is worth it. I rather pay an extra $10 than wait an hour or two to eat! I was hoping that the food would be better, or that there would be more selections. I went here in March 2010 so maybe it's better now. The buffet was definitely smaller than I imagined, especially since it is so pricey. I think I prefer the Bellagio buffet more.
I was in town for CES with a number of friends this year, and I was waiting in a giant line to board the Harrah's monorail the first morning when I saw the usual booklets of Vegas info in a little stand within the station.  Figuring I could use something to kill time, I picked one up and started perusing the contents.  On one of the pages was listed the top 10 buffets in Vegas.  I figured, "Well, Rio has to be at the top with Bellagio 2nd and going on from there...", but was surprised to see that Wynn was ranked #1, Rio #2, and Bellagio #4!!!. . So I did some research and learned that the Wynn seems to be the new rage in buffets on the strip, so we decided to check it out.  We arrived at around 7 and waited for about 45 minutes before getting on a Saturday evening.  Not too unreasonable.. . We were eventually seated and provided drink orders then went to town.  Here were some of the highlights:. . Pre-cut cold King Crab legs - This is my favorite part of every buffet.  King is king, and if they are hot legs they are the best, but most buffets do cold legs to keep them lasting longer.  The line for the seafood was the longest in the buffet, and it was worth it.  When I finally got to the crab legs with my giant empty plate I started putting them on while a working behind the counter started gathering a ton of them in his gloved hand.  He then asked me if I wanted what he had collected on my plate.  I said yes, and instantly my collection of 3 legs with tongs turned into around 15.  I added a few more and got some drawn butter and the rest is history.  Awesome legs.. . Braised short ribs - Only slightly dry if not in the sauce, but the meat literally fell of the bone and shredded easily with a fork.  Very tender and flavorful.. . Pumpkin Ravioli - I don't really like sweet food for dinner items, but these were excellently done with great texture and flavor.  The spice was really present and enhanced the item well.. . Lamb Chop - Super tender and tasty.  Again, fall off the bone goodness.  A little fatty, but easily trimmed away.. . The ice cream bar - It's like a Coldstone or a gelato bar... Tons of ice creams.  They also had crepes for those interested.. . I tried a little of everything, and these were the things that really stood out to me.  The rest was average and not overly impressive.  The thing is, I would want to compare this to Bellagio since it took the number one spot and highlight some of the differences between the two that might help you decide which is better for you.. . Bellagio Pros:. Better variety (Beef Wellington, Venison or Buffalo, etc). Lower price. High quality. . Wynn Pros:. Crab legs are cut in half for easy access (if this applies to Bellagio, then forgive my forgetfulness and remove this item). Lamb chops. Ice cream and crepe bar. . In general, both have tons of desserts (of which most suck), and lots of standard items like salad, pasta, tacos, prime rib, etc.  The Wynn presentation for food was higher (nice pictures taken by one of my friends), but the Bellagio offers a better deal; better bang for the buck.. . Summary: Most of the food was good.  Some of the food was great (crab legs, short ribs, ice cream bar).  Food presentation was excellent.  But when it comes to overall deal for the price, it's not worth it.  Bellagio seems a better deal with greater variety and comparable quality for less.
Go here close to dinner hour so you can get the long and big crab legs. There's this lady that was in front of the crab legs who piled on a mountain for each person. She even asked if we wanted more haha. She's awesome. . . Lunch buffet was still a bit costly, but the crab legs made up for it. Funny I forgot how much I paid. Oh wait i think it was $33.. . Oh yeah one of us got the bottomless mimosas, but was never asked by the waitress to pay for it! SO we got it for free! We thought it was weird because we had to pay before we eat, so how would we pay for the mimosa? But whatever! We got it for free.. . Food here was good. Good variation. But sadly I didn't have much of an appetite after a night of drinking. Actually it was everyday i was in vegas. Alcohol screws up my stomach. I got to try several things though. I had clam chowder, sashimi, pad thai, cocktail shrimps, sushi rolls, a few breakfast foods (the Benedict with the hollandaise sauce with the runny yolk on top was awesome!). I didn't get to try the desserts at all since i was feeling full already.
i'm not a fan of buffets, but at the Wynn it's the best. Only $7 more for unlimited mimosas. I came here for breakfast at 10am and got to eat the lunch also at 11am. . . this place has a lot fo variety, best buffet over, the food was yummy, fresh, clean, and the setting is so pretty.
Buffets are really a must when visiting Vegas. I've had my share of good, bad and very bad- Wynn is good (along with a higher pricetag) . . We arrived around 6pm and was pleasantly surprised  that there wasnt a long line. We waited for about 15 minutes at most. This buffet was pretty good, but my advice would be to stick to the American food. Their sushi didnt look appealing at all and their asian selection consisted of 4 dishes only. . . The prime rib and lamb are a must and so is their dessert section!
This is as good or better than Bellagio.  I mean come on this is the guy who created Bellagio.  There weren't a lot of things that stood out, but the quality of everything was above par.  The ambiance and decor is a 5 star for a buffet.  The deserts were very nice also.  I really can't complain for $23.95.  Go check it out and decide for yourself.
You can say $34 is allot to pay for a buffet... and it is. . But the quality of food at the Wynn Buffet is outstanding... for our money  the best of all the buffets in town. Every dish, and there are MANY to select from, is well prepared and exceptionally tasty in it's own right. This 'buffet' fare will stand up to (and often best) what's being served in many of the so called 'fine dining' joints in town. Soup to nuts, it's a very good deal for the money.
Not much to add to he 1300+ reviews (haha!), but let me just stress: the move here is to pay for lunch but stay for dinner. My boyfriend and I came around 3 PM, paid lunch prices with zero wait, enjoyed all the tasty lunch offerings (flank steak, anchovies, ceviche, etc) and then had plenty of room for the prime rib, king crab, and other dinner time goodies. . . Don't miss dessert: I had a made to order crepe and some gelato and both were amazing. Definitely worth the price: we paid $60 with tip for two and didn't need to eat the rest of the day and most of the next day.. . Definitely recommended. Plus the room is so gorgeous, it's worth a visit in itself.
Desserts werent great but everything else. Was fantastic! Huge selection!! Worth a visit.
I'm usually not a fan of buffets but it's almost compulsory when you are in vegas. This is definitely my favorite buffet experience.. . We went on a Monday which was great because there was no line during the tween time of lunch and dinner (pay for lunch, stay for dinner). There was a lot of variety, all organized neatly, and many of the items were quite delicious.
Over one hour wait for Sunday brunch.  Not a huge selection of breakfast items but what we ate was good.  Deserts were ok but nothing really outstanding.  The Bellagio buffet is excellent and cheaper, too!
Not the best value on the Vegas strip but the food was good nonetheless. . . The prime rib comes rare. Ask the carver can throw it back on the grill and to give it your ideal level of done-ness.. . Avoid the roast goose.
This is an excellent buffet - pricey for sure, but there were lots of  different dishes and cuisines available, including an entire room of dessert choices, and everything seemed to be pretty high quality.
Let me start with buffets are not really my thing. I can't ever eat enough to make it worth it, I am pretty picky and have a fairly sensitive stomach to food being left out.  That being said I was impressed with this buffet.. . You can make any brunch a champagne brunch for $7 more. $7 for all you can drink champagne is a deal!. . We arrived around 3 PM. This meant we paid lunch prices but dinner started at 3:30 PM so we could eat dinner food. . . Not wanting to try much of the lunch food being left out I stuck to the carving station. The teriyaki flank steak was probably the best I have EVER eaten. It was so delicious. So after a plate of steak and green beans which where cooked to perfection as well I took a break and digested until fresh food came out.. . My fiancee got some of everything. He liked the pasta bar where they made you your own pasta dish. But he just loves food. He ate like 6 plates and was in heaven. . . At 3:30 I went up and got some giant crab legs, roast turkey and prime rib. All where spectacular. . . The fiancee and I sampled a plate full of deserts. The deserts where hit or miss. The mini red velvet cupcake and chocolate covered marshmellows where my favorites. They will make you crepes or an ice cream sundae. I just could not stomach that much food. . . Overall the service was slow, the decor was beautiful, the food was very good and I would eat there again.
Quite a good buffet. It was expensive around the holidays ($50/person) but had every meat dish you could imagine. Everything was well executed. The king crab legs weren't that great, so don't waste too much time on that. The desserts are excellent so I'd recommend interspersing a dessert or two in between plates so you don't miss out!
Honestly one of the best Buffets in Vegas. Went for an early dinner with a group of friends and had a blast! Watch out for lobster and crab hogs! Awesome seafood and prime rib. Dessert was tasty but not as wide of a selection as I would have thought, especially in comparison with its awesome selection of entree's!
Went during brunch hours on Sunday, February 13, 2011. The line was pretty long, close to bout an hour wait. Price was approx~ $35 per person. We had a party of 11 people, seating wasn't too bad. Food was pretty good. Ranges out from different sections. The prime ribs was excellent. Staff members were extremely nice.. . I'm not much of a buffet person, but I would definitely come back.
WHEN: Sunday morning after partying all night( i wouldn't recommend coming here hung over or you wont fully enjoy). . WHY: Who doesn't love a classy buffet?. . PROS:.    - Classy buffet(it better be for $40.00).    - Desserts GALORE!.    - Something for everybody; even the picky eaters in my group!.    - There were so many hot asian men here! To be honest, there were more hotties at the buffet than at the club the previous night. I'm going to start scouting here.. . CONS:.    - Amusement park lines. I didn't expect to be waiting in Disneyland type lines that loop around for a mile. Expect to wait an hour, my friends..    - I'm 105 pounds. With that being said, i can't eat $40.00 worth of food at a buffet.They need a childs price for grown adults who cant eat much.. . OVERALL: Im sure i will be back for the mint pudding and the asian men.
I will keep the quick tip recommendation short...... . Hungry? Just go here.  It's one of the better buffets on the strip.. . I will spend a little more time talking about my general take on it.. . LOCATION:. . The Wynn casino seems a bit further out (especially if you are walking around) from what I call the "heart" of the Vegas strip (Bellagio, Ceasers, Paris) so if you are closer to the Bellagio, then I really don't think there are that many differences when it comes to the food.. . What is nice about the Wynn is that I think that there is generally less traffic at the Wynn compared to the Bellagio and the buffet location is tucked away further from the casino floor traffic.  This isn't to say that there isn't a line, but there are few casinos that don't.. . FOOD:. . Multi national cuisine (but it slants on the side of having a lot more Asian dishes). but there are enough options for even the most picky eaters (meat and potatoes kinda people).. . Desserts are fancy to look at and don't be ashamed that your plate has 6 types of desserts.....EVERYBODY is loading up.. . CATTLE LINE?:. . Unlike the lines waiting to get into the buffet, you don't necessarily feel that way when you go to each station to get your food.  It's pretty open and I never feel like I am queuing up.. . WANNA EAT CHEAP?:. . Worried about how much your meal is going to be and feel like winning some money that will take less than 3 minutes of gambling time (minus the cash out at the casino cage?). . Forget the slots, forget blackjack....I'm talking QUICKER....your are frickin' hungry, man.. . Here is what I usually do.. . Go to the "money wheel" on the casino floor. . . Put $20.00 on number "1".  Win?  Get 20.00 bucks profit.. (it usually hits more often than not.  You get even money back.  Don't focus on what you could win, you goal is to double up your money).. . Lose?  Put 40.00 down and go again.. . Bam....your buffet is now half price!. . Wanna get your buffet for free?  . . Press you bet on 1 again.  Win?  You got your meal paid for, son.. . There you go...you either saved 50% or a full 100% of your meal ticket.. . If you strike out, don't worry...you were gonna blow that money anyways.  . . The upside is that it will give you even more motivation to eat as much as you can to get your money's worth.
The Wynn buffet was definitely better than the Bellagio buffet. The inside decor was nice. I loved the flower and fruit arrangement that was piled high to the ceiling as you first step foot into the buffet area. The service was GREAT! Our waiter continuously came by to refill our drinks. I just wish something could be done about the cigarette smell. Nobody wants to eat while breathing in smoke! . . As for the food, I really loved the variety of food they had. There was countless options! The teriyaki flank steak was delicious and the crab legs were very fresh. I just wish they included some oysters (that would have really made our day!) The dessert options were great! I loved that they had a crepe station, and all the mini desserts were delicious (red velvet cupcake, creme brulee, cheesecake). I will definitely come back again!
Can't argue at all about the quality of the food at this buffet.  Took my sister in law there and we have very different tastes in food.  Despite this, we both left very happy with the meal.  If only her flight was later as she was still pounding away on those crab legs.. . I hate crab - and love red meat.  So I went initially with the prime rib (good and especially love the more well done and crispy/fatty outer part), a veal short rib that was spectacular, and the salmon rillette on toast.  The salmon was delicious and the toast was constantly replaced so nice and crunchy on the outside/soft on the inside.. . You're not supposed to have bread at buffets but nobody tells me what to do.  And I heard the baker at Wynn was some big shot European guy they hired for huge dough.  Had their artisan bread - excellent!  . . 2nd go around  I basically had a 2nd serving of what I had the first time (minus prime rib).  That's the reason I give it 4 stars - the variety is somewhat lacking for me.  You go to somewhere like the M Buffet or even Bellagio and there's just more variety.  If you don't like some of the dishes (like pasta at a buffet is useless for me) then you're really stuck with only a few things.. . In any case, service was great and my sister in law loved all the healthier stuff like crab and fruit.  I liked the fruit too.. . Neither of us was big on dessert but they did have a nice marshmallow "lollipop" that wasn't bad and a rasberry mousse with champagne that was very nice.  . . Bit pricey - but tough luck you're at the Wynn.  Deal with it.
They got me! . . It was innocent enough,  the little Asian lady behind the register offered me the all you can drink Champagne, Mimosas and Bloody Marys for whatever it was: $7? $10?  I can't really remember since it was three days ago and I'm suffering from early onset Alzheimer's.  In any case, I said "Hell yes!"  Big mistake.  . . On to the review:  my recommendation is to go early if you're serious about eating mass quantities.  We got there around 5:30 and the line was already starting to form.  Seating was near the front, away from the buffet.  Not a bad thing since I needed to burn a couple extra calories to pack some more prime rib in.   Waiter dropped by and took our drink order, then on to the food!. . The Wynn is great in both variety and quality in my opinion.  The prime rib was a perfectly cooked medium rare, au jus not too salty and very beefy and the straight horseradish packed a punch.  The roast lamb with a little mint jelly was good, a little overcooked.  The line for the seafood at that time of day was not too bad.  Crab legs with a little clarified butter?  Don't mind if I do!  White anchovy salad? Please!  Smoked salmon?  Yes!   Skipped the pasta bar and the salads, although they both looked good.  Dessert was spectacular.  A dozen types of gelato, the coconut was great.  Honestly, the other sweets were a blur but more on that later.. . The downside:  the cheese and charcuterie section only had three types of cheese and meat; all very good though.  The sushi section was woefully undermanned.  I saw that poor girl slicing away frantically trying to keep up with all the demand.  . . My downfall was, of course, all you can drink alcohol.  Not that I got drunk and made a fool of myself.  I had the hubris to think that I could tackle BOTH the buffet and all you can drink in one sitting!  Total rookie mistake but I'm not a rookie!  On the plus side, I ran into the huge wall called food coma, and that saved me quite a bit by keeping me away from the blackjack table.
Absolutely delish minus their kimchi. . . When you walk in you are amazed immediately by their beautiful decor and scrumdiliumptios looking food! The servers are really busy so I understand that they don't have time..but we had Sunday brunch there and it was absolutely amazing!. . I heard that the Wynn had the best buffet and I really do think so. The food is top notch and the deserts melt in your mouth! It is a definitely a must to visit if your in Vegas.
Kinda expensive, but the best on town , gone are Alaskan KING crab legs. :-( , crepes anyone?
I normally hate buffets, but the Wynn managed to impress me. . . The line to get in here is always pretty ridiculous. We waited about an hour which is insane for me considering I didn't want to go to a buffet. Once you are inside the array of food options can be really overwhelming. They do an excellent job controlling the flow of traffic into the buffet which means that there is never a line for the station you want to go to next. . . The food is of excellent quality by any standard, but insanely fresh and delicious considering it's a buffet. You can find food from every cuisine you can think of. I was especially impressed by the dessert selection. The creme brulee was incredible and definitely the perfect way to end the meal. . . The service here, like everywhere else inside the Wynn, is incredible. The staff will absolutely make sure that you have everything/anything you want so that you thoroughly enjoy your meal. . . If you are looking for the best buffet in Vegas, you just found it.
This buffet was great. Definitely worth the price. Would go back.
I visited the Buffet at Wynn again on a recent Vegas trip and I knew immediately that I would have to come back and give them at least one more star, so I did. . . We decided to have just a light lunch that day so that we could head over to the Wynn for an earlier than normal dinner to avoid the crazy disneyland-like winding lines. We got there around 5:30 and there were just a few people in line infront of us. We were seated quickly and this time around our server was top notch. She was very attentitive and quick to fill our drinks and to remove our empty plates. . . The prime rib was again juicy and perfect and they give you huge slices so you dont have to keep going back and asking for another (but of course you can if you wish). I had to mention the prime rib again because this is the place that made me LOVE and crave it, and when we went to the Bellagio Buffet the night previous and I was less than impressed with their dry and overcooked prime rib, I knew we would be heading over to the Wynn the next day to satisfy my craving. Also in comparison to the Bellagio buffet, the crab legs at the Wynn are HUGE! So much more meat and yumminess. There are tons of other choices but I will always levitate towards the prime rib and crab legs. . . Definitely give this place a go and come early to avoid the crazy lines and to enjoy a more cozy atmosphere.. . Dinner is 35 a head not including tip. But its VEGAS and youre at the Wynn, so just do it.
The buffet at the Wynn is fantastic, they have a wide selection of different types of food -- American, Asian, Seafood, Italian, Bar, Desserts --- it is so good. As a New Englander, my palate is used to fresh seafood & good chowders and boy did Wynn matched that!. . QUALITY: Basically, it is a buffet but the quality of the food is something that you would see on an upscale restaurant. They are all cooked and prepared perfectly, and in most cases, they have a server behind the buffet to help serve you.. . PRICE: For $23 dollars, you can eat unlimited "high-quality" and well-prepared meals, unlimited drinks (except alcohol) and unlimited desserts. . . LOCATION: Right across the Fashion Show. It is easy to get to. You can buy a $7 24-hr bus pass, it goes up and down the Las Vegas strip.You'll never miss it!. . ATMOSPHERE: Very jungle-like. You'll feel like you're a character from Alice in Wonderland. They have huge flower and plant decorations everywhere! It's something you'll just have to see for yourself.
I was a bit disappointed during my last trip to the buffet here.  The variety of foods seemed to have dropped a bit.  Fish was dry and overcooked.  Prime rib  was left until all of the end pieces were served so I ended up with a dried out piece of meat. Dessert area was still pretty decent.  I wish that they had some more meat dishes.  The other thing that I noticed was that now instead of just King Crab legs, they have snow crab legs.  Not too sure if it is b/c the quality dropped a bit, but the line for the buffet is nowhere near the length or wait that it used to be.
This buffet has a large variety of food for individuals to choose from, and they have items for everybody. They even have an area that is mainly vegetarian. One of the things that I really liked about the buffet was the seafood and the meat selection. I had the brisket, which was delicious, and the king crab was also realllly tasty. When I first came I opted to skip out of a having some salad, but then as I made my way down the line I came across a variety of salads in little glass cups. There was probably about 6-7 different varieties. I tried the one with pears, which was absolutely delicious. The flavors came together really well, and it was overpowering in the sweetness of the pears. Another item that I really enjoyed was the pulled pork with coleslaw that was on top of something similar to cornbread. The pork was really tender and moist paired well for the coleslaw.. . Some of the items were not as tasty though. When I saw the pad thai it looked like it would be full of flavor, but when I tried it I found it to be bland. There was another item that I believe was called "sicilian pizza" which I tried because I wanted to try something new. It consisted on a thick layer of hard bread, dried out tomato sauce, and cheese that had hardened over form being left over too long. Needless to say, it wasn't good and it just tasted like bread.. . The dessert area was also filled with a variety of different items. There are about 8 different gelato flavors, but they taste more like ice cream rather than gelato. However, the gelato comes in these adorable pastel colored cups. There are also candied apples, but they are extremely hard to take a bite into, and wouldn't be something that I would try again. Another item that I wouldn't try again would be the dipped marshmallows. There are marshmallows that are dipped in chocolate or white chocolate, but the flavors are too phenomenal.. . The overall service from workers was pretty good. The servers were attentive with filling up our drinks and asking if there was anything else that they would do. The ambiance was also nice, because right when you walk in you see all these bright flowery colors. However, this is only when you walk in, once you get past that the setting is relatively normal.
I've heard so many good things about the wynn buffet and had high expectations and even still I was not let down but very pleased.. . i came for dinner kinda late around 8:30pm so it wasn't busy at all...I added the $10 unlimited champagne, mimosa, bloody mary special. . . yeah..its $$$ but so worth it. I usually don't like buffets because even though u can probs get ur moneys worth from quantity..its hard to really get good quality. and this is where wynn shines. all kinds of custom salads...bread and spreads, cheeses, meats..baked seabass, seafood potpie...prime rib, bbq brisket, make your own pastas...the LIST GOES ON! . . and of course...we can't forget about DESSERT!!!! if i could, i would want to try everything...the creme brulee was really good...they also have a variety of different sorbets and gelatos..all diff kinds of cakes...basically dessert heaven.
You really can't try everything here. They have too much. Everything is well done and you really should walk around once just to take it all in. . . The seating is interesting and doesn't really match the buffet setting. Everything was very floral and at time dizzying. Everything from risotto to asian pork buns tasted great.. . Went during lunch so didn't get to try some of the amazing Yelp things I've read about, but the spread was still very nice. The Prime Rib was well seasoned but too sweet for my taste. The seafood station had a very good sea bass, a must for seafood lovers..  . Desserts is what you should save room for! The red velvet cake was moist and something I wish I could have ordered a dozen of to go!
The wait was around 45 minutes but totally worth it! Highlights:. . -Lots of Indian cuisine, which was a plus. . -The prime rib was delicious! It was even better than Bellagio's. . -The king crab legs were juicy and easy to eat. . -The homemade caesar salad was good!. -Desserts were ehh. Not the best, which is why they lost a star.. -All the other selections were decent; not bad at all.. . Now I know why Wynn has one of the best buffets in town.. . My only complaint was that they had hummus... but they didn't have pita bread! I didn't know what to eat it with... haha.
The Wynn buffet is prettyyy good, but its also $40 for lunch.. . First you walk in and the place is beautiful.  Just like the rest of the Wynn.  I love the light in the first room but I'm glad we sat further back closer to the food. haha. . . If you're wondering what there is, I ate:. -gnocchi. -vegetables with yogurt sauce. -Indian-style chickpeas. -Pasta. -Corn. -Indian-style rice. -Congee with Chinese donut, scallions and thousand-year old egg. -Smoked salmon. -Tomato gazpacho. -Smoked trout/regular trout. -Crab legs. -Shrimp cocktail. -3 different types of cervice (ahi tuna, scallop, Mediterranean) out of the 6 or so there were. -Red snapper. -Cheese and grapes. . They have pretty much everything you could possible need.  Plus its a seafood paradise.  Points for:. -lots of Indian-food which is rare for buffets. -lots of raw seafood options. -Congee! I can't believe they had that!. . Everything tasted good.  Not fine dining but some of the best buffet food I've ever had.. . The con is just that with all the buffets in Vegas, I'm not sure this one can justify $40.  It's good, but is it double-the-price good?
There was no waiting when we got here, which is good. It was rated number 1, so i had to try it. The food choice is smaller than the Bellagio, but the food is better. The Prime rib was super good, and the have a crepe bar. My favorite the pasta bar where they cook your pasta in front of you. yum. However, it was a bit watery wish they drained the noodles. I love the garden view. Must try the creme brulee. Some of the food is a bit salty. The staff is also very friendly and attentive. Will be coming back for sure.
Cant decide if 3 or 4 stars so I'm going with 4.All in all it was a good buffet with great selection but I think I am just over the "Buffet" thing and will never go back.There is to much food and I cannot possible sample everything but I will say The Wynn has the best that I have been to.You pay the price but I feel it is worth it.
Huge spacious space but yet we had to wait ample time to be seated.. . But anyway, we came at around 3pm and paid only $25 and the selection was simply amazing! I'm not a big eater,but I think the price is all worth it!. . They have eclectic selection of food from American, Italian, Thai, Chinese, etc. But I've only tried a couple and here are my faves:. . The steak was freaking delicious. It was tender and very meaty. It was just how I wanted it - medium well. It wasn't pink and yet it wasn't well done. It was juicy and quite flavorful. It goes well with the string beans. It was a bit salty but the steak neutralizes its salty flavor which I think compliments each other. . . And oh, the king crab legs are definitely worth your money. I grabbed a plate full of it and it was as fresh as you can have it. They were gigantic and were very meaty. The shrimp were also huge and they were also as fresh. I personally like it with the tartar sauce. The cocktail sauce is quite tangy and spicy. I think they mix it with wasabi. I'm not so much a fan of wasabi.. . And my most favorite is... the dessert bar!!! They have amazing treats for your sweet tooth. They have variety of cakes, different flavors of gelato, coated marshmallows, lemon meringue, tarts, and those layered sweets in plastic shot glasses. I don't remember what they are called but they were amazing! I loved most of them. But my favorite of them all is the CREME BRULEE!!!! It was absolutely delicious. It melts in my mouth. And it has crispy sugar on top that makes it sweet. Mmmmmmm! I would have had two of those but my tummy just couldn't handle anymore. . . I definitely recommend!!! :)
Been here a couple of times, and I was satisfied both times! I think the crab legs were my favorite... haha! I liked the variety they offer in this buffet however I stay away from their asian dishes, cause for some reason it just doesn't taste as good. . . I would definitely come back here though!
Very high end buffet. The atmosphere and decorating is absolutely beautiful. It has a large and varied selection of good food.The only negative was the price of $45 for dinner.. . Exc - Feel, food.. Good - None. Ave - None. Poor -  Pricey!. . . WOULD I GO BACK? POSSIBLY, ABSOLUTELY IF I AM COMPED!
Two schools of thought exist for this place: it's the best, and it's not the best but far from the worst. This is quite an achievement for ANY business, especially a food service business.. . Let's be quite frank: food service sucks. Working in it sucks. Waiting in line to pay $40 and being anything but thrilled or compensated the expectation you thought you deserved...well, sucks!. . The facts are that the food on loan to your stomach has great variety and first quality. I had the most buttery prime rib ever, and you can wait in line to get shrimp, octopus, crab legs (pre cut, in half, and easy to feed on) and other seafoods.. . As my second visit in about 3 years, I couldn't recall if there was an Indian food feature the first time I went, but this time they had the most unsightly Indian food section ever. It certainly didn't look like Indian food. They used supermarket pita bread, all the wrong food dyes, and like the rest of Vegas, it just seemed to be contrived.. . However, it tasted AMAZING. How did they pull it off? If you are reading this review on your cell while waiting in line, and have a hankering for "dahl" (lentils in a kind of pea soup), save some room in your stomach.. . 4 stars for quality disregarding price (too much, hit the Paris buffet for a cheaper experience with a greater array of foods), and waiting in line for at least 1.5 hours on a weekday. Those prior two reasons are why it's not a full 5 stars.. . Be not mistaken: the Wynn buffet is overrated. But that's not their fault. Nobody's going to say the food sucks, and that's what makes this place so phenomenal.
I tried the Wynn Buffet for the first time this past Sunday (4/17). The food was pretty good. We went in for brunch and paid--- $31.95. We got really lucky because we came in just before brunch ended, and that's when the dinner items came out. 10am-3pm is BRUNCH. 3:30pm is when Dinner starts ($39.95)! . . Favorite Brunch Items:. Prime Rib. Shrimp Cocktails. Congee. Salami with Cheese --really good. . Favorite Dinner Items:. Crab Legs--kinda sucked b/c they weren't warm...but still good!. Prime Rib. Egg Rolls. Fruit Cups with honeydew, cantaloupe, lychee, and pineapple!. . I mean...there were more items I enjoyed, but these were the ones I remembered liking the most.. . I've been to the Bellagio buffet and this has a more open feeling in the atmosphere, but they can relate in what types of food you can expect.
I loathe waiting in buffet lines, but having this one comped at ~$40 a head was a little more tolerable. It took about 45 minutes to get through on a Monday night, so plan accordingly.. . There was no king crab, but the snow crab legs were split so that was a good compromise. Everything I tried was tasty. There was food from every genre imaginable and even indian dishes, which is rare for any regular buffet. . . As others have stated, the lack of sushi variety is surprising, but don't let that deter you.  All in all, if you're looking for a buffet, go here and you won't be disappointed.
Bomb. . . I overstuffed myself with the shrimp cocktails and almost went green. Otherwise, the meat, fruits, gelato, desserts and seafood was fan-freaking-tastic. . . Best part about it all was that everything came out fresh and warm. No leftovers here! Services were fantastic with friendly and fast working servers. Wait and price is worth it in my opinion.
uh yeah omg...euphoria overload?! so far, this is the best buffet I have eaten in my life! Obviously, without trying out at the bellagio, I can't make any comparison. But their food is simply exquisite :P Prime rib is better than what most steakhouse out there can make, shrimp cocktails was fresh and IMO better than their crab legs. Thin crust pizza with taste where you can only really have at a decent class Italian restaurant. Cream bulee was awesome. Overall, the quality of all the food are top notch for a 'buffet.' Service was great, fast and efficient. Despite people's comment about waiting in line, when me and my wife went, there was like a 5 min wait. The only thing I can think of to improve would be more desert options, but even I feel that's pushing it :P. . I don't think I can describe it well enough, but I would definitely recommend  if you are visiting Las Vegas! Great cost to value ratio :D
Many choices! King crab legs are always attractive. Desserts are good. The GARDEN is very beautiful and good for date ;-)
Ate here 2 times, first time we were wondering what so good about this buffet compared to Rio's Paris and others needless to say we did not like it as much.. 2nd time we tried gave it another chance and for some reason it was really good and we thought they probably had some change in cooks or something cuz it was that good. Will be coming back soon!
Its cost 40 bucks, and its worth it. The food was off the hook. I just wish i was hungrier. I only ate two huge plates. But the food is great quality.
Delicious!!! A more high-end buffet with really well done meat dishes and variety. Seafood, Asian, Mexican, Mediterranean, and so much more! Oh! and they have cook-to-order pastas and crepes!. . All the food was served really hot and tasted so fresh. And the dessert station was beautiful, although not quite as tasty as the sweets at Rio. . . About $40 a person, and well worth it!
I liked this buffet and only was there for breakfast, but was very pleased. The pastries and selection was amazing as to be expected. Things I really looked for in a fancy breakfast buffet are a smoked fish station for my bagel. The Wynn did not disappoint. I also tried the bellagio buffet. I would say they were about even. They both had things I liked and things I thought could have used some work. Considering the Bellagio buffet is almost $10 cheaper for breakfast I would have to say that's a better bet, but you really can't go wrong with either.
I recently ate at the Wynn Buffet and enjoyed every bite. They had a wide selection of foods which were all very good. The food tasted fresh and juicy. Nothing was over cooked and dry which you will find at most buffets. I loved their Arnold Palmers. Their dessert selection is one of the best in Vegas. (I have heard the wicked spoon at Cosmopolitan has more).  Their creme brulee was very light and fresh. I ate about 4 of them.. . A little tip, try to go right at the break between lunch and dinner. We were able to get in at 3pm for the lunch price. Tasted a bit of their lunch menu, and then at 3:30 the dinner menu came out so we were able to eat all their dinner foods but at the low lunch price. By the end of the meal we were so stuffed we couldn't even eat dinner.
Splendid!  I'm pretty surprised I haven't reviewed this gem before.  Came late on a Friday night and was worried they were going to skimp me on the goodies but they kept the food fresh, hot and constant.  Now this buffet can be a bit confusing as it operates from right-to-left and goes clear across in a very specific order from salads, horsd'vouvres, appetizers, to entrees (regional) all the way down to the seafood but if you start from the beginning you will hit everything correctly.. . I was not impressed with the desserts section but honestly, with all that tasty food I didn't need a dessert section... but the gelato and creme brulee did add a nice cherry on top.. . Pricing is quite reasonable too.
This is a pretty good buffet, by all means.  I would say that most things still look better than they taste, but they avoid one of the fatal flaws of most Las Vegas hotel buffets: trying too hard to do too many things.  They keep it simple here instead of trying to fake ethnic food they simply cannot authentically reproduce.  I've also been impressed by some of the breakfast items (a buffet with eggs benedict?) and disappointed by just as many, but on the whole it is beautiful and edible.  Particularly the desserts.
The prices for lunch and dinner may be a little steeper than other buffets, but definitely worth it.  This is my definite go to buffet to this day, and I've been here on multiple occasions since the grand opening.  The only other comprable buffet is the Wicked Spoon, which opened not too long ago at the Cosmo.  Service is always great, but the line can be long, so line up early.  The dining area itself is beautiful, and the food just tastes of a higher quality.. . Some memorable items: . King crab legs that are pre-cracked. Jumbo shrimp that is pre-peeled. Prime rib that is cooked just how you want it. Flank steak. A wide variety of deserts. . PROTIP:  Come late at lunch, around 3, and they start bringing out the dinner food even though you get in for lunch prices!
A thumbs up for this buffet!  The price is upon the expensive side, but the service and the selection of food is top notch as well.  I thought I would be ready to tackle the different stations strategically by eating only one bit per dish but I just couldn't stick to my own rule!  There were quite a few dishes that I just kept coming back for... fruit salad w/yogurt (not sure the name), crab cakes, pad thai, shrimp,...etc.  And I haven't even gotten to the dessert bar yet.  . . Definitely leave room for the dessert because... gelato, apple turnover, cake pops, mini cupcakes.... ahhh, not enough room in my tummy.  Too bad, I'll just have to come back again next time.
good lunch buffet and wide selection of food to choose from. Dessert selection is
I had this buffet the day after the buffet at the Bellagio. While it was very nice it was a tad less enjoyable then the Bellagio for me. Wynn did have a better dessert selection though which is awesome of course. The buffet is also more organized then at Bellagio but that isn't really a big deal. I recall the prime rib, mashed potatoes and dim sum pork buns as the best dinner items. So many great desserts to choose from, the crepe station, gellato,lemon meringue 'pie' (in a shot glass, still good), umm bread pudding, etc.. . I love sushi so their sushi sucked. . Unless you're poor it's hard to go wrong deciding to at least try this place out, you'll probably love it even more then me.
After reading other Yelpers reviews I want to eat at the Bellagio buffet now. But I actually enjoyed this buffet. The concierge told us that there is usually an hour wait to come here. We waited about ten minutes. I like how there are several stations where they serve it to you, like the crepe station and the prime rib station. The dessert station was wonderful. I wished I could have had room to eat more.
Very showy presentation. The dessert room was the best part.... and the KING CRAB LEGS. But at $50/person, I rather go to the Bellagio.. . And if you gamble, its pretty easy to score 2 free buffets.
Sooo flippin good! I'm not a buffet person--they actually gross me out. The win comped us two buffet passes, so we decided to check it out. They had a great selection of everything. My favorite was the butternut quash risotto. I could get enough of it. the french toast was really good. My husband could enough of their raw seafood bar. . . Definitely worth it!
Now, don't let the simple name mislead you - this is a quality buffet.  It definitely runs more towards the high end like the rest of the Wynn, but you certainly get some quality for your money.  Both times I've been here, my friends and I came for brunch, so I'm not really sure what the dinner menu is like.  However, if their brunch is any indication, I imagine it's pretty good.. . Beyond the usual breakfast dishes (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, etc.), they included less common items like grits and eggs benedict, and there was even an omelet station as well.  As expected, the food was pretty diverse (American, Asian, Mexican, Pizza, fruits/salad, seafood) and there was the usual butcher station, but I was really impressed that they had congee.  I mean, it wasn't great congee, but it was still decent enough for a buffet.  My favorites were the eggs benedict and the prime rib though.  A little heavy to eat that much meat to start the day off, but it was delicious.. . My friends seemed to think the desserts were pretty good, and I've seen a number of reviews mention that the creme brulee is something to try, but I can't say for sure myself (I was too full for dessert).  Overall, the food is great, but it's not cheap (about $37 a head?).  In comparison, I think Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan had more good dishes to offer (and was a bit cheaper), but I think Wynn is a little more consistent (not many misses).. . You know, even though Vegas was a while ago, there are still times where I feel like I'm still full from all the eating on our trip.
Just went there last weekend and got there around 6pm and there's no line! It was about $45/person after tax and the food was great! Good selection. Funny enough, the line formed inside - everyone was lining up for the crab legs station! Highly recommend it to anyone who loves buffet!
I was overall pretty satisfied with the Wynn Buffet.. . Highlights:. - salad bar - freshly mixed salads, I ate so much Caesar. - shrimp - I actually liked the shrimp more than the crab legs. - hargow dumpling - was surprisingly not bad!. - mashed potatoes - so rich, smooth, and creamy. - veal short ribs - tasted like pork belly!. . Pass:. - sushi - not good. - salads in the glass cups by the cold seafood section - only ok. - chocolate covered marshmallow - cute, but hard. . They had all the staples, crab legs, shrimp, prime ribs, etc.  Also their dessert bar was great...and cute!. . One of the more pricier buffets, but I think the quality makes it worth it.  Yum yum.
They should have a big ass sign on the left stations that says in big bold letters: BEWARE OF ASIANS LOADING UP ON CRAB AND SEAFOOD.  . . There's something for everyone at the Wynn buffet - I've been here enough times to know that the following items will be awesome and worth the price of admission alone:  the cheeses, charcuterie and olives, smoked salmon, gelato, creme brulee (note how shallow the dish is? that's deliberate so as to maximize the caramelized sugar to custard ratio), sauteed morning glory.  . . What mostly keeps Wynn from five stars is the fact that I'm usually not that impressed by the prime rib and other carvery. Often I get stuck with the brown ass ends.  I'm probably not AZN enough to swoop in when the meat is pink and glistening.  . . Also, the attempts of the buffet to represent various ethnic cuisines is admirable but come on, this is Vegas!  You really expect baba ghanoush made by an assembly line in the 702 to taste like the real thing? There's a ton of other stuff in the buffet that they might as well just not even try to make - they just look sad (ie., the million cerviches, pastas, and other misc. filler cafeteria style dishes).  . . On the other hand, the smoked salmon is the best I've ever had - there is not even a trace of fishiness and there's a million accouterments that can accompany it. And the other before mentioned things are really really really damn good.  . . Save some room for dessert! The crepes and gelato are a lot of fun.
This is a solid buffet.  It is not the cheapest, but for $15.00 you can add a champagne "bump" which means refills on mimosas, champagne or bloody mary's.  The service is decent, but not great.  i.e. you may average about three to four re-fills.  Lots of Asian folks digging into the crab legs like all buffets.  The sorbet/gelato is great (especially the coconut), the rest of the desserts are good not great.  The main entree selections are great as are the salad and sushi.  I will say however that this still doesn't rival my favorite buffet (the one at Paris).  The food is fresh (a must) but not as well seasoned as I would like.  The lines are long, be prepared to wait a bit.  Still, it is better than some of the older buffets now and if you dont' want to battle people at the newest buffets, it is still a solid contender.
Definitely one of the best buffets in Las Vegas!  However, with this it is important to know it does not come cheap.  I dined here yesterday for brunch and several times over the last few years.  Sunday brunch starts at $31.95.    They have a great selection of food including: omelets, prime rib, french toast, pancakes, sausage, eggs, pizza, shrimp cocktail, sushi and the list goes on.  Everything they serve is fantastic and of quality.   I definitely think that the dinner buffet is better as they also include crab legs.  The desserts were just okay.  It can be hit or miss.  Lines are usually long.  If you are going here on a weekend expect long lines.  Thus, it is best to go early.  As for dinner, the lines are usually insane, so it is best to get there around 4-5pm to beat the crowd.  :)
I don't like buffets.  The quality is usually terrible, the food is usually warm and the selection is a huge variety of ok food.  . . In Vegas that's usually not the case!. . We dropped by the Wynn Buffet for brunch and they have a pretty large selection going on.  They had salmon out first thing in the morning!  There were few varieties of fruit bowls some fresh seafood, salmon benedict and  the usual bacon, eggs, sausages etc...There was fresh ham they were carving and a lot of other goodies and pastries!. . The salmon benedict and salmon was really good.  The bacon was a lot better than most buffet bacon which is limp and oily as well as the sausages and eggs.  The winner of the morning for me were these little hash brown or hash potatoes but WOW!  They were little has browns stuffed with some delicious gooey cheese.  . . I wanted to get a defibrillator on hand so that I could eat a plate of those damn hash browns.  They were absolutely one of my favourite potatoes ever!. . I hear dinner service has an insane amount of crab and shrimp.  I may have to try that on another trip!
Woh fresh slab of honey baked BACON!!!  I'm talking about a whole slab carved to your liking right next to the prime rib. This thing was amazing.  Glutony had me going up about 3 times which I definitely do not regret.  As for the rest of the food...eh.  I mean yes quality it was good but diversity also, not so much.
Good: veal shortribs, lamb, smoked salmon, thai beef salad, deserts (pecan pie), crab legs. . Bad: tom yum soup. . My family and I came here for dinner one night after reading a lot of good reviews on Yelp.  I wasn't disappointed!  We didn't have to wait long either because we got there right around 5:30-5:40, just before it got crazy.  . . My favorite item there were the veal short ribs.  MMmmmmm!  The meat just fell off the bone and was SO tasty.  It practically melted in your mouth.  I probably went up for food 4 times and each time I came back with two ribs.  The lamb dish was good.  The smoked salmon and mustard section was GREAT and I loved the capers to go along with it.  The thai beef salad was very good, as were the crab legs and everyone LOVED the dessert selection!  I had two pieces of pecan pie :-). . A couple people tried the tom yum soup and said it was too sour.  Sometimes I don't understand why they even try to make asian foods in these types of buffets.  Whatever.... . The price is expensive, so we only came here once.  My wife is a bit picky and thought this place was just ok but I thought it was very good.  Good enough to try again, yes definitely.  Good enough to come here on consecutive nights?  Yes but not at that price.
Selection wasn't great, but on the stuff they do have it was perfect. Pasta, meats, salads, desert. The crab legs and shrimp could be bigger, and other places that are cheaper have them better. But when you come here, you don't want the eat crab legs and shrimp, cause that's everywhere. Here you want the cooked foods, and hot food stations where they make it to order. Same for the deserts. Service was great also, clear plates fast and smiles every time.
Went to my first and only Las Vegas buffet on a quick weekday trip with friends and decided to go to The Buffet at Wynn.  We went on a Wednesday night and the wait wasn't long at all (maybe 15-20 minutes). The decor of the place is nice, whimsical in an Alice in Wonderland sort of way and definitely better than any other buffet I've been to.. . The selection is pretty vast and there are options for almost everyone. The proteins were more seafood heavy which was a bummer for me who only eats certain types of seafood. I tried the prime rib and it was only so-so. By far my favorite parts were the salads at the beginning of the line, some of the asian dishes towards the end, the miniature creme brulees and the gelatos. We spent 2 hours here and left very, very full.. . Overall I was pleased with the buffet...the dishes were somewhat above normal dishes one would eat even if the execution was off. The layout is also very open and big which is nice because you can easily maneuver and move around people if you know what you want. I enjoyed coming here for the variety and experience.
This was my first and only buffet in Vegas. We had read a lot of positive things about the Wynn buffet on Yelp so we decided to give it a go for a Sunday brunch.  My wife and I arrived around 12:30 and had to wait for 30 minutes before we could get in, which I thought wasn't too bad for a weekend brunch.. . We sampled a bunch of different stuff. My wife found the fruit to be of really high quality. She couldn't stop going back for more of the strawberries and grapefruit in a cup with mint. . . We went up a number of times. I personally found the beef barbacoa with coleslaw on cornbread to be really good! . . The deserts were a bit too sweet for our liking.. . It was a cool experience but I wouldn't necessarily repeat it on the same trip to vegas.
everything was amazing, i just loved it.
We had tickets for LeReve so thought this would be a nice option before the show.  Indeed, it was..... I was a little nervous about getting there early to avoid a line, we got there around 6:30 on a Tuesday night and had a short line ahead of us, nothing horrible.  The buffett was fabulous...LOTS to choose from from salads, to asian, to middle eastern food, to pizza (which was REALLY good) and shell fish, which I'm allergic to but my mom said the crab legs were to die for...they're already cut open and ready to eat.. Definitely save room for dessert as there are many to choose from after dinner.. . The line was getting long when we left so definitely hit up this buffett early on to avoid the rush
Not a big buffet guy but this food looked really good and tasted pretty good. Deserts were amazing and the pot stickers were pretty good. Huge pot sticker fan and I would give these a 7/10. Whats not like about endless pot stickers though. For $40 at the north end of the strip you are getting the best bang for your buck. Service was decent, but we sat right between two other tables and felt like we were dining with them. Go for the food not the ambiance. Get their early, go at 3:30 for lunch prices and if you can't make that go at 4-5. We went at 4:30 and their was no line.
Wow. I was barely able to walk back to our hotel after eating at Wynn's buffet. We went early in the afternoon and pretty much had no wait. The wait service was fast to clear plates and refill drinks and overall friendly. The place was very nicely decorated and the buffet itself was well designed and easy to move about looking for something to catch your eye.. . A lot of the reviews talk about the crab legs so here is my two cents: they were good and they were huge. That us pretty much all my first plate had on it and I was not disappointed. In fact you need to be careful carrying the plate back to your table since so much of the crab legs overhang the plate.. . I also enjoyed the prime rib, the rack of lamb, the sushi, and the salad bar which was very good in my opinion. I didn't really get into the desserts myself but my wife seemed to like them and she tried quite few different ones. . . I suspect that if you find yourself at the Wynn buffet you are on a vacation or away from home for another reason so I say indulge. Indulge big time. I did and it saved me money since I was literally stuffed for two days afterwards. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas (except maybe 5 pounds you gain) and that's why
I had read about the buffet and the king crab legs here so the wife and I planned a trip here to eat the buffet.  The decor and entry of the buffet is beautiful.  Lots of colors of fruits and veggies.  . . The food it self was pretty good (especially the desserts).  I was a little disappointed with the king crab legs as they're on the smaller side but everything else was great.  The prime rib roast was good along with their roasted turkey.  There is a large variety of American, Asian and Middle Eastern cuisine here.. . At a dinner price of $37.99 I would say I got my money's worth.
This is one of the best buffets at Vegas, just as the Wynn is one of the top notch hotel casinos at Vegas.  The food was great, but a buffet is a buffet.  Nothing spectacular.  Just face stuffing :)  Of all the buffets, this one has the best interior, hands down.  Check out my blog for pictures and my experience here at the buffet at Wynn Las Vegas.. . http://www.dinedelish.com/2011/07/26/the-buffet-wynn/. . Thank you,. Dine Delish
After debating between the arguably two best buffets in Vegas, Bellagio andthe Wynn, my friends and I went to the Wynn. At 8pm on a Saturday, we waited in about a 30 minute line, but it was all worth it. Loads of gourmet food!. . Favorites were the sea bass (melt in your mouth buttery goodness), butternut squash risotto (but don't eat too much because it's so rich), crab legs (already cracked open for your convenience), and veal short ribs (put it over the risotto). . Slight misses were the salmon en croutte (slightly dry, but interesting to try), sushi, and some of the pastas (just generic). . Desserts included a crepe station, creme brulee, berry cobbler, and candy apples. . + A ton of other great stuff. . When we thought about it, why spend $30 for a small-ish entree at a nice Vegas restaurant and still be hungry? The Wynn is classy enough that all of our plates looked like prix-fixe tasting courses and it was only $40! Definitely coming back.
We arrived Vegas in time for dinner and decided that the best place for us to go would be THE BUFFET! @ The Wynn. Dinner for FOUR! Thanks to the reviews here on Yelp, our dinner was FANTASTIC! King crab legs were awesome, so sweet in taste and so fresh. Prime rib made tender that it melted in my mouth. But wait I've never had LAMB in my life, i tried LAMB STEW and I fell in love. The taste was an explosion of herbs and spices.  i had to have seconds on all. Even the salad which was a mixture of feta cheese, pears, grapes and spring mix, in a vinaigrette.  And WOW the desserts were endless, strawberry shortcake, carrot cake, gelato and many more I will forget to mention. Only because we had so many but that raspberry gel chocolate mouse cake was so exquisite. . This buffet has me yearning for more but yet so far!! Cant wait till I go back!!
When the Wynn first opened, I had the opportunity to be one of the few that was able to stay in it when it was only 3 weeks old. I was excited back then to sample their buffet. I remember it was a long wait, but worth it. The look on my face must've been priceless when I saw how big the selection was. I just stood there in awe at the massive amounts of food around me. If heaven had a buffet, this would be it. . . Fast forward roughly 6 years later, and I was hoping to experience a repeat of this little piece of heaven. I am happy to report that the buffet is still as good as the day the hotel opened!  The selection goes on for days, and the desserts are amazing. There's plenty of different food for everyone (even gluten free!). . . My only complaint occurred while I was in line. I was mentally prepared for the 45-minute wait, but what caught me off guard was the amount of cutting in the line. I hope that the casino takes better care to make sure that this is avoided. To give you an example, the 4 people in front of us, quickly grew to a party of 13! . . Overall, if you haven't been to this buffet, go for it! It's worth it.
All I can eat prime rib? STFU. Prime rib here is BETTER than the Bellagio's. I took full advantage of that. Crab legs too, but they're so thin hardly any meat in one leg.. . I think we stayed here over like an hour and a half waiting for La Reve to start, so we ate until we had to go to our show..... . The waitress was really busy, and forgot about our table a lot? It took like 30 minutes to get the drinks we ordered, and refills. And maybe a little bit racist? I feel like we were sitting in the Asian corner in the back...no joke.. . But anyway, loved the dessert bar, SO many options. Got my crepe made then ran around to put scoops of gelato next to it!! genius.
The Wynn buffet is my favorite buffet in Vegas (I've also been to the Monte Carlos, Bellagio, Aria, and Venetian).  They have a really great selection of food and the quality is much better than the other buffets.  Most of the other buffets have "buffet" quality food made for mass production, whereas I think the food at the Wynn is good enough to be served as individual entrees.  . . Most buffets in Vegas also feel overcrowded and the interior of the restaurant isn't very nice, but the Wynn buffet is really pretty inside.. . The prices are a little higher than most but definitely worth the money.  I usually go for brunch and I would recommend going on the earlier side to get the breakfast price which is cheaper than the lunch price.  Otherwise I would go on the later side for lunch because they only bring out the crab legs at 3pm.  Sadly I was there from 1-3pm, too late for breakfast prices but too full to eat the crab when it finally came out.. . Food highlights:. Prime Rib. Jumbo Shrimp. Desserts. Crab Legs
Best dessert section and overall breakfast selection of all the buffets in Las Vegas.. My only complaint is that the meat selection for the lunch/dinner buffets is limited and disappointing- the prime rib/steak/whatever is always too dry.
This used to be the best Buffet in town, but it's gone downhill over the past couple of years. Still, this buffet has so much delicious food that it makes eating that much more fun. The place is freaking huge, there must be 10 different stations each with different types of food. Anything you can think of: Chinese, Japanese, Seafood, Indian, Italian,Salads, Soups, and a enormous dessert station right in the middle. Going to each station and taking a little bit of this, a little bit of that, and a bunch of king crab legs (warning: only served after 3:30), is just an awesome experience.. . Sadly, the Bellagio Buffet and some of the newer Buffets on the strip are definitely better than the Wynns.
Ok...the reason that I cannot give this buffet 5-stars is because, despite being quite possibly the best buffet in Vegas, I still feel the this buffet is too expensive. It is still a buffet when all is said and done, just bigger than most.. . I have been to the buffets at most of the other high-end resorts and this place definitely has the widest selection of food. You will not have a very hard time finding at least a few things to tickle your fancy.. . The food is also higher quality than a lot of the other buffets and they are always bringing out fresh food. Their veggie pizza, in particular is the best I have ever had at a buffet. Their dessert area is very extensive. . . Service is pretty good. They usually ensure that your cup runneth over. If you come on a weekend, be prepared to wait - the line to get in is at least a 30-min ordeal, plus the time it takes to get you seated.
I'm not a fan of buffets but this one is awesome! All you can eat crab legs for only $37?!?! I'm down! Their selection is small, but I think it should be about quality, not quantity. . . Their dessert is kinda eh. I have a huge sweet tooth and took almost all their sweets. I would have a small bite of each and would get over it. Not that big of a deal. I wouldn't waste my time and just go for the ice cream. The bread pudding was good as well. My friend was obsessing over her crepe so those should be good too.
to me, a buffet is a buffet is a buffet. don't get me wrong, I like being a fatass and eating everything in sight, but at some point the food costs start to run a bit high and then quality takes a dip. However, that has not really happened here! ha!. As I discussed in my other review for the Wynn overall, my experience is one of extreme privilege, as my friend received a GREAT deal for free over here. This also means we got to cut to the front of the line, and the buffet was comped. It looked expensive for everyone else though, haha.. . The food itself was pretty solid, nothing truly spectacular but everything was solid quality. King crab legs (pre-cracked), shrimp cocktail, sushi, lox, har gow, potsticker, indian food, prime rib, leg of lamb, veal ossobucco, pasta, pizza, charcuterie, soup, salad- a little of all of the preceding list passed through the gaping maw of my mouth. As for the desserts, there were a fuckton that I don't even remember all of them. I know there was a crepe station.
Simply stated, this is the creme de la creme of buffets. Sure it's a lot of money to dish out, but you will guaranteeably leave feeling like a fat heifer who got her money's worth. I know I did. And quite honestly, I don't have an issue w/ spending money on good food, I consider eating a main attraction kind of deal so for me, if I had to choose between watching an LV show or eating at the Wynn...... Wynn wins.
Probably oneof my favorite buffets of the strip. There will be a line though... the food is pretty darn good and is sectioned off to different food types (Asian, Italian, American, Japanese... isn't that Asian too?) The sushi is probably the worse one out of the bunch... but I'm a sushi snob.. . I do love the desserts though! They serve ice cream by the scoop which is pretty cool and the different cakes are good to try if you're not already stuffed from the main course. . . My favorite dish here is on the lunch menu... pulled pork and corn bread... if you're yelping in line, and need a suggestion, that's mine.
Went there when it was the end of brunch and the beginning of dinner...Really good food...caters to vegetarians and people with food allergies.... . I had the Prime Rib it was delicious and other various things.... . The best was the dairy free gelato....I had 10 scoops..IT WAS THAT GOOD! plus im lactose so i took advantage of the opportunity.
All I can say is it's the best buffet in Vegas. . . The amount of options you have to choose from can't be beat. And the food is restaurant quality. Anything you try there you are guaranteed to like. . The only thing I wish they worked on is the dessert. It was Ok...Some of it appeared sophisticated but most of it was nothing special. Of course I'm not comparing Wynn's desserts to Hometown Buffet...I'm only comparing it to other buffets on the strip. . They should look into what's offered at Paris if they want to steal all their customers :)
"The Fresh King Crab Legs and the Juicy Prime Rib.". by the Wynn. . A very tasteful and satisfying story, and I don't even read!
OMG BEST BUFFET EVER! Go at lunch/brunch because it's cheaper. And get the hashbrown balls and miso seabass--those were tasty!! Dessert was mehhh. I heard the gelato was good, but I'm lactose intolerant so there wasn't much other good options. Food was AWESOME though.
This was the best buffet we ate at on our trip to vegas. the dessert bar was awesome here.
we waited more than one hour to get in for a Sunday lunch while it's not really packed inside with a lot of seats empty. I guess it's a way to make sure you don't feel too busy and can enjoy the buffet which is good~~~. . if you like champagne, definitely add champagne on to your bill coz they refill as much as you want~~~. . the food is above average and many but not a lot of choices, especially I didn't see much seafood there. :(. . the atmesphere is nice - very flora
I am from a buffet-loving (see "Polynesian") family, so trust me when I say I know my way around a smorgasbord... and next to the casinos, hotels and shows, Vegas is ALL ABOUT the buffets. There are a LOT of them here, so when it comes to choosing which one (or, if you're like me, which 3) to visit while in town, that can be a tough decision.. . Last week a group of about 10 of us were in Vegas and at the suggestion of two in the group, we decided to hit the Buffet at the Wynn for dinner on Friday night. My review is as follows:. . PROS:. 1) CLEANLINESS & FRESHNESS: Buffet lines were kept very tidy and food was turned over/ kept fresh frequently. . . 2) QUALITY & VARIETY: There were 10 different stations ranging from sea food, Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, Salads, etc.... Great assortment. And the quality was good (ie. REAL mashed potatoes, not those instant crap kind, etc). Nothing I ate was unappetizing.. . 3) RESPONSIVE WAIT STAFF. The wait staff not only brings you your drinks and refills here, but they also clear your plates for you. Our waitress was covering a huge area, so there was a slight lull on occasion when it came to getting a refill, but generally speaking our discarded plates were taken off the table quickly, and our drinks were kept full.. . These were the Pros. As for Cons, there was only one: PRICE. The cost of the buffet was +/- $40, but in a group of 10, an 18% gratuity is automatically added to that, making the price around $50.. . Now, let me emphasize here that I am not - generally-speaking- a cheapskate. I will pay good money for a great meal, no qualms about it. But here's the issue with expensive buffets: in the end, it's never really worth the money you pay for it. Lemme explain:. . Everyone typically hits a buffet the same way: your first trip up, you load that plate with the stuff that REALLY looks good to you. When you sit down to eat it, you're also super-hungry, so that first plate is DELICIOUS, because you're at your most famished, eating the food you enjoy the most. Plates #2, #3, etc will NEVER be as tasty or as satisfying to you as Plate #1... And for many of us, by the end of the buffet, we're just nibbling on food because we paid for it and it's there - not because we're super-hungry and want more and more, ya know? So, you're in essence really paying for that first, best plate.. . So the questions I really have to ask myself are these:. . 1) Was that first plate worth $50? For me, it wasn't. . . 2) Could I have been just as satisfied at another buffet for less $$? Yes. Don't get me wrong - the Wynn was good. But so are a lot of other good buffets in Vegas too. I think I probably could've hit a different one $10 - $15 cheaper and left just as full/ satisfied.. . 3) Could I have gotten a better, more-satisfying meal elsewhere for the money I paid to go here? Yeah, I think so. The other place I was considering for dinner was the SW Steakhouse. Not a buffet, and likely $20+/- more than this one, but the food at SW is apparently phenomenal, so I do wish I'd checked that place out instead, and gone with a cheaper buffet.. . LONG STORY SHORT: The Buffet at the Wynn is a very nice buffet. I'm just not convinced it's worth the $50 I paid to eat there. If I'm going to spend $50+ on a meal, it has to leave me going, "Damn, THAT was GOOD!" This place didn't. I'm glad I checked it out, but I wouldn't make it a regular stop on return trips to Vegas. It was tasty and all - but I think there are more satisfying meals to be had in Vegas for the price I paid to eat here.
The salads were great as mentioned in some reviews. I think my stomach was recovering from my greasy breakfast at the mirage's BB King that I didn't quite enjoy the buffet as I could have.. . I didn't taste everything but the curries looked really good. I liked the shrimp, caesar salad, prime rib and dessert. The crepes were so-so until you add the mint chip gelato. I think I went back to the gelato station 4 times! They didn't have the strawberry short cake so I tried the madeline. . . I saw people coming back with piles of crab legs on their plates. I wouldn't OD on shellfish on a vacation. You never know. Little did we know that we were going to pay for that greasy breakfast at BB Kings.  . . If it wasn't for that breakfast churning in my stomach, I would have gorged myself. . . The price ($38) wasn't bad for dinner. From what people were saying, I was expecting $60 or more.. . We arrived around 4pm and soon, people were lining up. So go early and take your time at this buffet.
Overall the food was great. I was a little disappointed in their sushi selection though. This buffet is above average. Wide selection of food. They have a crepe station which was good but extremely sweet.. . Service was alright. Like every other buffet, the waiter/waitress come whenever they see empty plates on the table.. . ***Parking***: NO PARKING! It's located on the strip so take a taxi or shuttle!. . Cash/Credit/Debit are all accepted here.
brunch is about 35 dollars (for weekend). . my advice: come around 1 00 and try to get seated around 2 to 2 30pm. eat the risotto, prime rib, mashed potatoes, and when 3 15 rolls around... CRAB LEGS!!!! unlimited crab legs that are already split open so theres NO work involved and all you gotta do is dip it in that BUTTER. SO DELICIOUS!!!. . service was kinda ehh. i had crab legs and dirty plates all over the table and the waitress totally forgot about us. we had to get a new waitress who was more attentive. . . after your gluttonous meal, go gamble in hopes of winning back that ridiculous price of a meal...
i agree with brian y; about a 3.5.. . however, the buffet at wynn is.... . * huge. * pricey. * pretty. . and probably one of the best in vegas, but i think i expected more.  some of the offerings here were surprisingly bland/average, but i guess they do need to cater to the average american (read: blah) palate.. . in any case, there are 1700 reviews here, soi'll spare you the details of what i ate.  if you're in vegas, there's probably a good chance you'll go regardless of this review!
the selection isn't as big as Rio's buffet but the quality is definitely the best! . . we went in for lunch and stayed till dinner! dessert was pretty good but i've had better. the quality of the food and the amazing service is why i go.
The buffet was amazing!  The shrimp and crab legs were my favorite. The crab legs are cut in half, they are served chilled with drawn butter.  If you take them to the grill, they will warm the crab legs up for you.  The tortellini and pancetta was great.   They do have an italian station that is wonderful.  Their meat stations includes prime rib, lamb, turkey, brisket, baby back ribs, fried chicken - pretty much any variety of meat you could ask for.  Their asian station was a bit lacking, maybe it was just the time we were there.  They have a wonderful selection of meats, cheeses and breads.  They have several varieties of pizza and calzones.  The desserts are unbelievable!  But my favorite was the mint chocolate chip gelato!
The buffet was awesome here but not better than Studio B at the M Resort. Make sure you go there around 2pm so that you catch both the brunch and dinner for the price you pay for brunch. The crab is good here because they're already split in half for easy access and they serve it with clarified butter. The braised veal short ribs are killer and are often skipped so make sure you don't pass these up. The prime rib was juicy but since they do huge batches, the juices can seep out and the meat can get cold. The lamb was good also but make sure you eat it with the mint jelly. Their asian section was surprisingly very very good. The dim sum they had was as authentic as any buffet would ever get them, they also had a rice porridge/congee bar. As for dessert, get the creme brulee and gelato. The madelines are freshly baked along with alot of the other baked goods. . Things to try here:. . -Green Pea Risotto (best thing I had here). -Prime Rib. -Roasted Leg of Lamb. -Braised Veal Shortribs. -King Crab Legs. -Congee. -Salmon en Croute. -Creme Brulee. -Bread Pudding (made from Brioche and creme en glace I believe)
Honestly I was not impressed. I have been waiting to try this place for a while. I like the rio buffet better. they have better gelato flavors and they have a bigger food selection. However I am giving four stars based on the customer service. I was with my cousins baby who doesn't eat a lot of things because of allergies. the chef actually came to our table and brought the baby special food that he could eat. that was really nice.
Really great food. A bit pricey though.
You wouldn't know it if you saw me, but I'm a girl that can eat. I'm part Samoan so inside this 100 pound 5'2" frame lives a very large and in charge polynesian appetite. . . My BF and I have sworn off buffets but we made an exception during our trip to Las Vegas. It's not that I'm against all-you-can-eat food but I am against the mediocrity that most buffets offer. I'd rather have three bites of something amazing, than thirty bites of something which can best be described as "meh." But when in Vegas I feel as though having at least one buffet is just something you must do. Much like you must see the fountains at the Bellagio. Your trip just would not be complete without it! . . So after scanning the Yelp reviews we decided to go to the buffet at the Wynn. We went with three other friends and after waiting in line for about 10 minutes we were seated. My BF and I strategically planned to eat our weight in Alaskan King Crab legs. I personally feel like that's really the only way to get your money's worth. Eat the most expensive thing you can find until you throw up! I take that back, eat the most expensive thing until you can't even think of eating it for a solid week. . . I waited in line for the crab legs and they were pre-cracked which I thought was AWESOME! Less time cracking legs and more time eating! While waiting in line there was an old Chinese lady who tried to cut and I totally froze her out of the way with two plates and a bowl of butter. Hey, I don't care how old you are, there is no cutting when it comes to crab! She made as though she didn't speak English, but the language of cutting is Universal and that sneaky senior citizen knew exactly what she was doing. I might sound heartless but my own Grandma is totally crafty, so don't even play me woman. I see right thru you and your "Oh I didn't know'" fake liners! Back of the line Grannie!. . My BF and I tore through four plates of crab legs and our friends were dumbfounded. When you have hot butter to dip into, anything is possible! I stood up and said "Now that I've got gout, I'm ready to move onto something else." I have to say that everything else I ate was pretty mediocre. How do you top crab legs? It just can't be done. I can say that you should stay away from the tom yum soup station. That stuff was rancid! . . We ended our buffet experience with the dessert station. They made candy apples, crepes, rice crispy treats, creme brulee, gelato, etc. It was great! I had them make me a crepe with peaches and chocolate which was not a 10 but a solid 7. It's a buffet, what do you expect? . . Would I do it again? 50/50 and it would totally depend on how big of a crab craving I had.. . Yelp 365 Challenge:#38/365 (The Crab)
at this day in age, it is a little hard to do reviews about buffets in vegas.  its  like trying to review a fast food franchise, theyre a dime a dozen now days.  i guess the best form of action is to talk about specifics.  so in this case, i will begin with the bad.. . bad:. well in all cases of vegas buffets on the strip, youre going deal with 2 things, first youre gonna run into a line.  well actually, its a line, so there probably wont be any running involved, unless you need to run to the restroom due to the previous night's debauchery.  waiting in line sucks, but you gotta do that no matter what if you wanna eat a buffet.  second thing is the price.  $40 more or less seems to be the vegas standard.  i think most people in vegas already expect this if theyre planning on buffet'ing.  in my case, im not rich, so this is alot of money for me.  so if youre like me, it might help to think that if you get at least 3 plates, youve already covered your cost, just sayin.. . good:. now for the good stuff.  FOOD!!. that is why you came to the buffet.  from what i can remember about this place, i really liked the prime rib and the sushi wasnt too bad either.  im a huge sushi nazi, but its vegas, i trust some asian man is working behind the scenes rolling out rice and fish.  i think vegas is the only place where you'd eat prime rib, sushi, and enchilada in one meal.. . so ya, i lied, i really didnt talk about specifics, oh well, hahah, but this place is decent, food was good, it was replenished often, servers were prompt, all things that a proper buffet oughta be, the end.
Competitive eating?  Not really my style.  My food philosophy is based on savoring really good food in moderation.  But you know the saying - when in Rome - so when I saw the absurd amount of reviews for this place, I knew we had to check it out on our trip to Vegas.  For science's sake.    . . We opted to do their breakfast buffet as our final stop on the Vegas-Food-Debauchery train before heading back to LA.  I figured it would be the best timing, thus ensuring we wouldn't need to eat anything on our journey home.  I was right.. . The verdict?  I've never had such an overwhelming desire for more gastrointestinal real estate.  The food was delicious and, honestly, I was downright sad I couldn't eat more.  I was also impressed that they offered a number of gluten-free and vegan options among the 18 different pork products and the pastry/pancake/dessert mega-stations.  . . Remember to show up early and ask nicely to be seated in the atrium.  It's a necessary part of the experience.
4.5 stars. . This is definitely the best buffet I've been to in Las Vegas. It's also pretty expensive in light of the new deal in town with access to about seven or eight buffets in 24 hours for $45-$49 per person. . . I love the entrance, which is bright, playful, and very cheery. At first you think the decor is too quirky and weird, but there is a design behind the pretty madness, and it's very endearing. . . Service is lacking, since our lackluster server was not very attentive and did not refill our drinks more than once. . . There are tons of delicious choices and selections here, and I love the variety of food. Here are my favorites from my recent visit:. . - Sweet pea risotto (Yes! Risotto at a buffet!). - Seafood pot pie. - Halved king crab legs . - Caesar salad. - Pasta (I'm not sure what it was -- maybe carbonara? But I've tried all the pasta dishes, and they were all delicious). - Prime rib. - Gelato (housemade). - Creme brulee. - Smokedsalmon/bagel/creme fraiche spread. - Lamb chops. - Great salad bar spread. - Madeleines. - Crepes!!. - Basically the entire desserts room. . I love the food and the ambiance. I can't wait to come back. There has been a definite slight decline in quality in the past few years, but this is still far and away one of the best buffets in Las Vegas.. . Tip: Don't go during peak lunch and dinner hours (starting at 12pm and 6pm -- INSANITY)
The buffet was better than I expected!!. There was a line but it moved quickly & it was also cheaper than I thought but we went for brunch. . Of course there are tons of options. Some that stood out to me are:. - Pea & mushroom risotto. - Pancakes with apple cranberry crumble (my own creation). - Seafood area - all you can eat lox is dangerous for me. - Gelato bar! They have about 10 flavors & toppings. . . There's definitely something for everyone! Also, there are many vegan choices :)
A very nice buffet! With 32 unique food stations, there's definitely something for everyone. That's what struck me most with this buffet. Sure you get your standards like prime rib and shrimp, but this buffet had some truly interesting and ethnic foods you'd never expect to see at buffets. It was also nice to see a good variety of vegetarian and vegan dishes -- including the desserts!
It's been quite some time since I last ate at the Buffet at the Wynn.  And last time it was for FREE since I won it via their slot club.  This time around I ate here for breakfast but I had to pay.  Was it worth the $20?. . I'd say YES!!  Take a look at these good eats (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=B3Xo0-vk4ryKJLKqDI7fHg).  The highlights were definitely the Eggs Benedict and Salmon Benedict.  Cooked well with the Eggs still runny just the way I like it.  But the one thing that I couldn't get enoughof was their Bacon and Egg Pizza.  I ate 3!!  So good!!. . And off course, their desserts are still the best part!  I definitely go crazy with their shooters (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=4zw4vxzVtEaZ4HH72kAwgg).  They're dangerously good!  It just really sucks that I can't eat everything over there.. . Wynn Buffet still delivers good quality buffet dining that a step above the rest.  And while I don't eat at buffets that often on the Strip, this is one buffet I wouldn't mind going out of my way for.
Eating at the Bellagio buffet made me curious how the Wynn buffet measured up. At $36.95 its slightly higher than the Bellagio buffet, but in exchange you get a less crowded place - that in itself is worth it. Overall the Wynn buffet seems more innovative - they have dishes like quinoa and corn cakes, fennel and grapefruit salad, siu-mei, some curries etc. . . If you are a vegetarian there is a large selection of Vegan dishes. Where Wynn really excels is in the desserts - they are all very innovative and they taste very good - not as if they were put together in a rush. Compared to the Bellagio its a match in food taste and quality, what makes the Wynn slightly better are the desserts, vegan selections and lesser crowds.
If you want a high rollin' food baby, this place is a must to conceive that child. It is a Monday and I STILL feel full from my dinner here on Saturday. . . Interior of The Wynn's buffet is lovely; nothing fancy, but it's clean, but not like a sterile, hospital feeling clean, colors are mellow and the natural lighting brings the visual elements together to provide a feeling of warmth and joy. My fiance and I came in around 4p on a Saturday, were seated promptly and had no trouble getting our desired food items. . . The thing that stands out The Wynn buffet is their somewhat steep price. BUT the quality is the best I've ever experienced for a LV buffet. The crab legs are of higher quality than other crab legs from other buffets because it looks, tastes and smells fresher. I found it amusing that the ready to make crepes were A LOT better than the ready to make crepes at the Paris buffet since it's a French specialty. While they do offer the variety of other buffets, their offerings are quite unique within their variety. i.e their small vegan selection, which I appreciate. . . I would have put five stars, but I don't recall their being an all you can drink alcoholic beverage selection. And, while I know this is wishful thinking, lobster tails would have been a nice touch to even out the blow of it's prices...
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  The decor is reminiscent to Alice in Wonderland because of the big, amazing garden themed buffet.  Food is great, prices are not soo much. Here, u will feel bad if u dont eat til ur tummy pops out.. . + decor. + food. + quality of food. + diversity in desserts. . - price
This buffet is simply awesome!! Soo many choices, don't know what to eat. We got the $40 + $10 unlimited champagne option for dinner. Dinner choices included sushi, crab legs, indian, pizza, salad, pasta station, chinese, lots of seafood, meat n incredible selection of desserts! The decor is ok, its not fancy. We did not have to wait at all for dinner, we were seated right away. They have a crepe station which is great. Overall, the food is great n worth the price! Highly recommended!
I love the Wynn hotel. It is beautiful.. . . The uniforms the hostess wear at the Wynn def do not match the ambiance of the rest of the hotel. They are ill-fitting and unattractive. The whole place gives you a very Alice in Wonderland feel, which is cute. . . The food was really good. the Craving stations, prime rib was excellent! Lamb- eh, it was okay. . . I love that they have warm desserts as well as cold desserts.. . Very yummy!
This doesn't compare well to the Bellagio but it's still a good AYCE.. The hotel itself is very elegant and classy (they did get that right).. . The desserts were particularly good here and there was a good selection of eats, perhaps slightly more but the food itself didn't have the right pzazz.. . Our server also went AWOL a bit too many times and you could never tell where he was and when he was coming back which made getting drinks on a timely basis difficult.
Best buffet in Vegas, and I'm not even a fan of buffets. . . Great variety/quality of food (even desserts), food stations are kept clean, and the waiters are well-trained. The price is a little higher than other buffets, but I see that as a plus because it reduces the crowd. There has been a line every time I've visited; just imagine the wait if the price was cheaper...
This is probably the priciest buffet I've been to in a long time. On the other hand, it's also probably the top one in Vegas. I've tried the bellagio and other "top" buffet places, but the food options here are really good and they keep the food hot, unlike other luke-warm buffets. You can't go wrong with a custom order crepe for dessert!
About the same quality as Bellagio...but you pay extra $$$. . Came when it first opened and wait was super long, but I hear that the prices has gone up even more.. . Standard buffet line ups: crab legs, prime rib, shrimp cocktails, veal chops, sushi and other shit...my fav was the made to order risotto.. . Really wanted to try the brunch in our most recent Vegas trip $30.95pp but didn't get up early enough...haha, happens when you're in vegas.. . Again....wear stretchy pants!!!
Came here for dinner around 6pm on a Sunday and surprisingly there was no line.  I like how they cut the crab legs in half, just stick your fork and eat.  Pretty similar items to Bellagio.   Good thing I don't live in Vegas because I think I would be addicted to these buffets.
Prime rib was good!. . Other foods was decent to good.  Can't expect much from a buffet.. . Creme Brulee was not good.. . Long wait to get in.  A little pricey.
3.5 stars? My issues with Wynn management notwithstanding, the actual food at this buffet was great. My favorite dishes were the quinoa and brussel sprout salads, crab legs, rack of lamb, and charcuterie selection.. . Note that traditional eaters who want the 'usual' buffet fare might be disappointed, as almost everythinghere has some kind of twist or modification to make it stand out from the pack.. . Dessert selection kind of lacked the 'wow' factor I was expecting, although the tres leches and creme brulee were yummy. I didn't try the crepe station, a decision I now regret. :( . . The lines were really out of control. 45 minute wait in the regular line and 20 minute wait in the 'VIP' line. Although, it's not their fault they're popular.. . My only real complaint is the service. Our waitress seemed depressed and was very inattentive, visiting only once to give us our drinks and another time to refill them, never asking if we needed anything else or how our meal was going. The bulk of our service came from the busboys, a pattern repeated at the Wynn's other restaurants during our stay.
We came here at the wrong time. Right when lunch was about to end and dinner was starting. :( There was even a VIP line where they charge $12 pp for a shorter line (approx 15min) instead of 1 hr. We didn't want to chance it since we only had 10 min b4 dinner started and we decided to wait.. . Rockefeller oysters were delicious but wasn't ready when I asked about it. Minus 1/2 star. Alaskan Crab was cut and fresh. Omelets (made to order is always a plus in my book but this should be standard). Smoked salmon (delicious and fresh). Potstickers and dumplings (ordinary but can't knock it). Corn flake fried chicken (not a fan as it was pretty greasy). Rack of lamb (server was a nazi as I asked for 2 slices). Prime Rib (I only asked for a medium rare slice and she gave me a mean look like she didn't care) Ugh, hello? You are there to serve my food!! Minus 1 star!!!. . Dessert: (everything was good and I wish I could have ordered more.. Creme Brulee (very yummy). Gelato (4-5 different flavors and I ordered the white espresso) . Chocolate rice krispy treats w/ white choc and dark choc. . Servers were great and promptly removed our dirty plates and refilled our drinks.. . I'd come back but probably take advantage of lunch/dinner by coming here early. Not the best buffet in Vegas in my book but good enough. (Bellagio is still the best for me) I'm giving this buffet 3.5 stars.
I read they won an award for best buffet in Vegas so naturally it was THE place I was headed for dinner that night. Selection of food was great, service was wonderful, and loved the candy apples in the dessert section. I will be back.
My second pick for best buffet in Vegas. Some of the dishes weren't my cup of tea, but the quality of all of the food is awesome. Kind of like having samples from all of the fine dining restaurants in the Wynn. Nice way to sample different foods without paying an arm and a leg.
Other than the long lone to get in, this place is still my favorite.  It kicks sit-down restaurants like Bottero's and Wazuzu's butt by far.. . Some fav's over Thanksgiving weekend:. - Butternut squash risotto. - pumpkin ravioli. - Oysters Rockefeller. - crab legs. - pumpkin pie. . . The crepe line was way too long, as was the wait too be seated, but otherwise, this place is still tops on my L.V. list.  I wish the server would clear out plates faster, but what could you do when they are packed?
We went here on Thanksgiving and it was definitely a delicious meal.  I stuck mostly with Thanksgiving foods like the turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, mashed potatoes and a roll.  But then when I went back for seconds I couldn't resist the french toast.  It is fun to be able to have Thanksgiving alongside anything else you might desire.  Also, the dessert assortment hit the spot.  I love pecan pie and the one here did not disappoint.  . . We went early because my boyfriend's parents were concerned about how crowded it gets on Thanksgiving (rightly so).  By the time we left around 2pm the line was down the hall outside the Buffet (so at least a 2 hr wait).  That's nuts.  . . The decorations inside are great and although the Buffet is huge, it didn't feel too large.  I am glad we decided to have our Thanksgiving meal here.
One of the best buffet's in Vegas. The quality of the food and the service is impeccable.
We got a free meal here with our rooms (and what tastes better then free?). . Over the years I have tried a number of the buffets in Vegas (Planet Hollywood, TI, Bellagio, Aria & Paris) and I think this might be the best so far.. . We had dinner and there were many many choices.  I would recommend the shrimp, the prime rib, the rice in the indian station, the BBQ steamed buns.. . The deserts were excellent - especially the Creme Brulee.  The white chocolate espresso gelato was fantastic.. . The St. Louis ribs weren't that great and the Chipotle Brisket was a bit chewy.. . This buffet isn't cheap ($35 per person for dinner), but the food is fresh and good quality.  We just wish we were there on the weekend as there are unlimited Mimosas for an additional $10!
Well, this is likely my last Yelp review.  We ate so much at The Buffet at Wynn, that we will never eat again.. . It was really kind of worth it though. We had breakfast/lunch at the buffet.  During the breakfast we enjoyed Thai noodles, biscuits with gravy, and the omelet station.  During the lunch part (yes, we were those people who straddled two entirely different meals) I loved the italian meats, cheeses, breads, tomatoes, and tapenades/pestos. Mr R loved the prepared salads and bbq pork sandwich. . . There's so much variety and so many areas, but the food stations are are very well organized  so there's not a lot of congestion.  We never saw lines of people waiting for food (but we did see people eating while they walked - my favorite -yay!). . The desserts were all so pretty, but looked far better than they tasted.
Crab legs and more crab legs. The secret to this restaurant is that you can create your own special unique dishes that are assembled from all the buffet items.  My girlfriend for example add crab leg meat to the soups and salads. I elected to creat my own special tortellini with crab.  This is a must stop as the quality is quite simply amazing for a buffet. The desserts especially the creme brulee were real standouts.
Wow. Best buffet ever. Pay $20 for lunch, stay 2 hours, get dinner food?!?! YEAHH.. Food:. Prime Rib - tender as ever can be. Lamb Racks - so much flavor. Oysters -  ehhh, but w/e its oysters. Alaskan King Crab - so rich and succulent. . Those were some of the main highlighted food at this buffet that I would eat for the rest of my life. All the other foods are just as good as well.. . Their desserts are outta this world too. The strawberry sorbet and other gelatos are really good. The key lime pie mousse is crazy too should try that one out.. . The food is without question great. The only thing holding this back from 5 stars is that the service is just ehh and the tables are extremely tight. They fit 4 people into a really small square table that can barely fit more than 1 plate per person. And with the drinks and other condiments on the table as well, it's pretty tightly packed.. . Other than that, the ambiance and atmosphere is great inside the Wynn Buffet. A must try if you're in Vegas. Might as well gamble for 5 minutes less, take that $20 and spend it here!
Well... it is fitting that I'm writing my 250th review about somewhere that plays a significance in my yelp writing career... since surprisingly I have not yelped Wynn Buffets yet I rightfully decided to write this one today.  I been to Wynn once long time ago and strongly agreed with fellow yelper Jayne L. about the food being all oh-not-so-good... but wanted to see if a high end hotel such as this has finally decided to improve on their culinary skills after my hong hiatus... so what do I think this time around?  Much Better!. . Let' cut right to the chase and share the highlights.... . The meats and the fish were great!  Fresh fish and tenderly grilled meats were absolutely delicious.... . Crab legs were actually sensational... you know some places tends to be salty, cold, old tasting, etc.. but with this trip the crab legs were very delicious with a nice hint of sweetness to it.... . What were the not so good parts?  Sushi and dessert... they still don't have a decent sushi section and dessert were very limited and is one of the only few that had only 3 items that were sugar-free.  Bellagio has like 15 items that were sugar-free and Wynn only had 3?  Boo to that!. . The server we had was very attentive... weren't annoying by coming by to check on us and continue to keep the drinks filled to the rim.... . Price is still high as expected so actually if I had to choose in the future I'd go elsewhere simply because it's not "all the items" that were good.... My favorites in Vegas are typically Makinos at the outlet/off strip, Bellagio Buffet, Cravings at Mirage, Rio Carnival or Seafood Vllage Buffet at Rio...  So again, it's good this time around, but the price and the overall quality, I'd say that I'll come here once a while when and if I'm up for it.. . If you have not tried it, do give it a shot... I think in the near future I'll do an update on this place because now it's a tie score of 1 bad and 1 good... it's time to finally see what Wynn is all about on my next visit!
My first buffet in Vegas! The Wynn is breath taking and I would love to stay here one day. The buffet is the same, the decor is beautiful, and makes you feel like you are in an palace with a beautiful garden. I remember having a lot of crab legs! yes unlimited. there was sushi too. Dessert selection was good. Make your own awesome pasta station. . Minus one star for making me and my friends get separate tables because we didn't want to pay the ridiculous gratuity increase. whatever. I came here for the lunch I think it was about 30 - 40. yes. i know. Up to your pocket . . Wear something loose because you will be eating to get your money's worth. They had prime rib here too. yes. a good selections of salads too. Fruit, etc. all that good buffet stuff. the waiters were pretty good at taking your plates and stuff from your table too.
Great place to have a nice buffet style dinner.  Excellent crab legs, they are split in half so they take no effort to eat.  Delicious.  Great salad bar, great desert options, a lot of options.  Atrium like atmosphere, which I found nice, my gf however did not, she thought it was kind of like a food court.  Overall a decent place to escape the tables and get full.
This was probably one of the best buffets I've eaten at. The only complaint I have is the RIDICULOUSLY long lines. There's an inside and outside line so note that the inside line takes about an hour. so for the Christmas eve dinner we had to wait a total of 2.5 hrs starting at like 4:30pm. Even though I wanted to poke my eyes out and pull my hair out of restlessness, the food was pretty damn worth it. . . Crepes. Gelato. Prime rib and Precracked crab that makes it easier and faster to eat.   Salad bar was really yummy but they overdress it a little bit. . . After dinner coffee wasnt too bad either for a buffet. . . Holiday Price was $50 though -___-'' extra $10-12 or something for the VIP line. Maybe you can go gamble and win that extra $10 so you can save yourself 2.5 hrs of waiting.
The food is great..big fan of the veal! and hen! There are a few things that could be better in quality like the sushi and pasta bar, but overall a pretty good array of foods. The service is good, not spectacular but good. Worth the $40 if you eat the way I do, buffet wise I'd still rank this one 1st place..followed by the paris and bellagio.
Came here for the breakfast buffet and since it's still the holidays, we ended up with the holiday brunch buffet. It was $35.95 and for that price, we were able to get the best of both worlds: breakfast and lunch. Oh wait, and a third world: DESSERTS. . . Breakfast: skip the eggs benedict, hit up the omelet station and the pork sausages. YUM.. . Lunch: wasn't the biggest fan of any of their fish entrees or their sushi, the pastas were all right, ALL the potatoes (mashed, sweet potato + marshmallows, and roasted) were amazeballs, the prime rib and the bacon were very flavorful and didn't even need any extra sauces . . Dessert: die for the rocky road, pecan pie, and the key lime pie mousse, cheesecake was allright, bread pudding was not too shabsters, and I wasn't the biggest fan of the ice cream (but maybe you'll have better luck)... there's also a ton of pastries that I skipped out on but you'll find anything from croissants to danishes. . . We got here around 9:30 am so we didn't really have a wait but about an hour after we got there, there was a huge line. I'd definitely keep that in mind when planning out your time.. . I'm not sure if you can expect the same (or a similar) spread during their regular breakfast buffets but based on my experience, I think the lunch may be more worth your money. I think I'll definitely be back -- but maybe for lunch or dinner the next time around!
The Bentley of Buffets. -----------. In direct contrast to yesterday's horrific TI buffet experience (think Peter Griffin and his bumper sticker that said," I lost my self respect at Wes's house of ribs"), this place is a feast for the eyes... And the palate. . . The first thing you will notice (aside from dropping $160 for a party of four buffet), is the fresh flowers that adorn the main entrance. Vibrant colors, professionally  created floral arrangements. . . "Cornucopia" comes to mind when you come to the various buffet lines. Tender servings of ginger-infused maki, salmon wellington, roast game hen, and even congee with fried cruller and 1000 year old eggs. . . Even the fruit selection is a cut above the rest. These guys know how to pick and serve pineapple (here's a hint, TI: cut the heart before serving!). . . The desserts are equally delectable, with raspberry cheesecake, various gelatos, and cream puffs with vanilla bean-flavored cream filling. . . Not everything was a hit (the bread pudding was a bit too dense; the smoked salmon was not sufficiently smokey; the candied apple shell required Fixodent to give your teeth extra "bite" power), but all in all, still worth checking out. . And if you come for New Year's Eve dinner, they add lobster to the menu offering. But it becomes $64.95 per person (don't say I didn't warn you).. . Bon appetit!
Hands down the best buffet in Vegas!  Great selection and quality. The presentation of the food and freshness is great. It can get crowded so you might need to wait for a while before being seated. They also have an above the average wine list and alcoholic beverages (for Buffet restaurants). I have come to this place 3-4 times and I have never being disappointed. The staff is very attentive and friendly. So if you are in Vegas and want to try probably the best Buffet in town, don't hesitate and come to this place. . Just remember, this is a buffet, which means that you go for the all  you can eat- international-vast selection-already cooked food!! So for a buffet,  you are probably not going to find anything better in LV.
I visited The Buffet for a Holiday Brunch on the 29th.  Although it was close to New Years, the line to enter was not exceedingly long.  I think we waited for maybe 10 minutes.. . There was a wide selection at the buffet and I visited the asian section quite a few times for their octopus salad, squid salad, and Shanghai Bok Choy.  Their fish selections could be better.  My favorite item in the entire meal was something from the dessert section.  It was a small layered chocolate something.  It wasn't a cake but maybe it was a cheesecake.  It consisted of a white layer sandwiched between 2 chocolate layers.  I liked that it wasn't overly sweet and that the chocolate flavor was just right.
We went for dinner on New Year's Day 2012. I would rate it closer to a 3.5 than 4. My wife liked it more than me. For me it was quantity over quality. I would hasten to add that as far buffets go it was really good; as good or better than Bellagio's. On the downside, the crab legs had no taste whatsoever. They were split open for ease of eating and they were continually well stocked since this was a popular item. I tried the prime rib and it was very good, but dry without au jus. The sushi was just average. The salads were good. The sea bass was just average in my opinion. The shrimp was very good--firm and fresh. Cocktail sauce has some kick!. . The wife got lamb and loved it, and lamb stew and said it was very good.. She also tried the spiced lentils and curried chicken.. . Overall, the selection is excellent and the quality is high. I appreciate how difficult it is to serve high quality food on a buffet line. But there are so many people coming through that the turnover is high and the food should be fresh. I think we got our $80 worth ($40 each). But I ate too much and felt the consequences thereafter. Our resolution for 2012 is no more buffets!!
Come here EARLY!!!  We got there at 10:30am. and there was no line.  By 11am., we saw a long line forming and within just a couple of minutes, that line became a 1 hour wait.  Breakfast/brunch ends at 1pm. ($39.99) and lunch starts at 1pm ($49.99) but do remember that if you don't get your lazy butt down here by 10:30am., you WILL be waiting for at least an hour before getting seated.  I'd never come here for lunch or dinner after seeing the never ending line.   . . The decor inside this place is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!  Not to mention the buffet kitchen area was just as gorgeous as Scarpetta in beverly hills.  Love the layout.  They pretty much serve everything from Chinese to Italian.  All the different cuisines are separated where you can easily locate and serve the type of food you wish.  . . One reason I'd come back here again....THICK SLAB OF BACON!!!!!  O.m.g.  This thing can't be good for your diet but who cares when you're in Vegas!   It's pepper crusted on the outside and maple smoked on the inside.  If you love maple smoked bacon, you'll want this bacon to be the last meal on earth.   . . Only reason why I can't give them 5 stars is because I wasn't impressed at all with their dessert station.  Despite the abundance of different types of desserts ranging from macarons to sorbets to cakes to cake pops to mousses and many more sweets, everything was TOO sweet.  Tasted like something from a market.  Basically, low quality.  Even cake mix would taste better than the way they make their desserts.  Very disappointed.  Skip the dessert unless you absolutely LOVE sugar.  . . Service is outstanding and everything about the ambience can't be more perfect.  The menu difference between lunch and dinner is crab legs.   Unless you're willing to wait over an hour JUST to eat all you can eat crab legs, you'll be able to eat all the prime ribs and ham for breakfast/brunch time as well.
This review is for the Buffet at Wynn and not for the hotel/casino as a whole. . . I want to start off by saying that according to many publications and the voice of "the people", the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet are the most popular and highest quality buffets in Vegas. I've been to both as well as many "lesser" buffets in Vegas but I'm only going to compare the Bellagio and the Wynn in this review. . . In a nutshell, I like the Wynn buffet better. Quality isn't the issue, as both buffets have fresh, quality food items offered. . . I like the Wynn better because of space and location. At the Bellagio buffet, the layout is cramped and it feels like I'm in a Wal-Mart on Black Friday in Philly. Vegas is crowded, I get it. Even the biggest agoraphobe has to recognize and accept this. However, I don't want to deal with this when I'm trying to get my eat on. . . At the Wynn, the layout  feels more spacious and the tables are spaced apart enough so that even if the place was full, you feel like you're at a table in a traditional restaurant. . . Location: the Bellagio casino/hotel is more centrally located on the strip so naturally it would attract more people to their business. With this unfortunately brings some people you don't want to be around. And when I don't want to be around them normally, I certainly don't want to be around them in a buffet. Consequently, the Bellagio seems messier and dirtier when busy for the same reason. . . The Wynn is located farther down the strip and most people don't feel like walking there. Relaxing and enjoying a good meal at their buffet is a reward for your exercise. . . I don't know, maybe I'm nuts or maybe I've been to the Bellagio when it was super busy and to the Wynn when it wasn't (dinner on a weekend should have been). . . I suppose I must talk about the food at least a little bit, we are after all reviewing a buffet. First off, you need to know that everything is fresh. Here is some of what was offered the last time I was there (a few weeks ago): a "starter station" (the obligatory soup and salad, Italian cured meats, cheeses, baguettes with several spreads), several types of ceviches, oysters Rockefeller, an Italian section (chicken Cacciatore, various pastas, green pea risotto), an Asian section (some stir fry, some dim sum items, sushi), a roasting/oven station (with lamb, turkey, veal short ribs, lamb stew, and a traditional roast), a seafood section (shrimp, Alaskan crab legs) and finally a dessert station. That's just off the top of my head, I did not get to partake in every station. . . About the last sentence above, I know it's a nice place, but let's be real here, it's still a fucking buffet and you need to hunker down and EAT. Bring your family here, bring your wife/girlfriend/bf for a nice meal where each of you eat three small plates max but when you're ready for the pros, come alone or with a friend(s) that can put a hurt on some food. . . I enjoyed everything I had but what stood out for me was the lamb roast, the short ribs, and the oysters Rockerfeller. Everything was so good that I ate stuff I normally don't like or eat too much of like the roast turkey (Thanksgiving again, yay!) and sweets. Yeah, I'm a weirdo, I don't like sweets too much (not to mention if I eat too much I feel like dying). Anyway, I enjoyed the lime/coconut cups and the creme brulee, both were awesome. . . Price, *meh*, If you even have the Wynn Buffet on your mind, you should be able to afford it, so don't bitch. . . Toodles.
Reminds me of Alice in Wonderland in here! Super cute. Good food. Can't remember what I liked best. I'd recommend getting a plate full of desserts for everyone and sharing it because they're not that good... They're super cute though! Could NOT bite into the candle apple. Thought I was going to break a tooth or something
A wonderland of food.  I normally do not like buffet food, because I wind up getting one plate, and I'm done.  At this place, I got seconds and thirds, and it even had a good selection for my vegetarian friends.
Two words: prime rib.
What happened to the alaskan king crab legs that we happily devoured last April?  Perhaps they're just not in season in January, or they don't serve them at dinner on Wednesday night.  Instead we had perfectly cooked alaskan opilio crab aka snow crab.  It was good, but not the same.  . . They had a really good sea bass and sweet pea risotto so I made a dinner plate out of those two items.  A majority of the pasta dishes were also really good, the pasta tasted like it was freshly made.  . . Be sure to save room for dessert!
~$44 for dinner and a 30min wait were worth it.. . King crab, prime ribs, briskets, cream puffs, crepes, you name it and they have it... done to perfection, at least by buffet standards.
I hear the dinner menu is awesome but after checking out what the brunch menu had to offer, my husband and I thought it was more than enough.  I definitely ate my money's worth and took in about 6-7 plates.  Yes, I was very hungry.  If you are dessert person this place is to die for.  I was scared to touch anything b/c everything looks so pretty.  The buffet offered a little of everything....Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, American, Seafood, Salads, Cheese....anything you want, they got it.  There was so much food I never filled a plate twice with the same thing.  The price was just right for the quality of food they offered.  The line wasn't too long; there were about 25 people in line but it moved fairly quickly.  I would definitely recommend this place.....just make sure you're SUPER hungry b/c there's a lot to sample.  The only thing about this place, is that it's so upscale, that you're almost embarrassed to carry two plates at a time, but I did it anyways.  Ha!
this is my favorite buffet in all of las vegas. i come here everytime and i'm never disappointed EXCEPT by their crabs this time (it wasn't really alaskan king crab because the crab legs seemed small) . but other than that, their food is delicious and i would come back again
The best buffet in town. Very high quality food.. . But - it is pricey. Dinner was like $45. And no alcoholic beverages with it either. Go to the lunch if possible, pretty much the same food for half the price.
I've been to this buffet about four times now but.. grr.. They just redid their menu, its a Chinese New Year menu.... Before, they had brunch until... like... late... maybe even 2pm I want to say, but when I went here this weekend, they were already serving a early dinner menu.. . The food was crap this time. I had a bunch of different items from the buffet, but none were very good.  Plus, it was $52 dollars for a buffet that I didn't really enjoy.. . NORMALLY, this is the place to go when you're looking for a good buffet place. It's usually very high quality and the food is extremely fresh AND tasty.. . I had a bad experience this weekend, but I would like to say that normally this would be my number one choice on buffets. Just go when its not the Chinese New Year menu ;)
I haven't been to too many buffets in Vegas but this is by far the best buffet I've had in Vegas! The crab legs were delicious and very easy to eat and there is a wide selection of food. There was so much food, I wish my stomach was bigger. Considering the small portions of food I eat, maybe the price wasn't worth it. So make sure you limit your food intake before heading over to the Wynn buffet.
Went in Chinese New Year weekend. Lot of food. mostly asian. $40 bucks per person. Dont know if it was worth it. but food was tasty and sat there for 2 hours. DESSERTS were alot. Waitstaff was attentive.
Pretty worth it if you know how to eat here. My boyfriend on the other hand has wasted his $40 with only plates of fried chicken, some string beans, and some more chicken breast. When you paid $40 for a buffet, you go for the most expensive stuff!! And then fill the cracks and any leftover space in your stomach with what ever else you want to eat.. . First off, the staff here is really nice, we sat a small 2 seater table and our dishes never stacked up because they come by pretty frequent to clean out the unwanted dishes. Our waitress also constantly walks over just to check if we needed refills on our drinks.. . Onto the food, on my first round, I went for the prime rib, the sea bass, the veal, some pasta, rataloulli. Everything wasn't too bad, typical standard to a buffet. I really liked their prime rib, it was cooked perfectly medium rare each bite wasn't too chewy nor soft like you're eating mush. That only concluded the first half of my adventure to the buffet tables. I continued to the other side where the "seafood" section was and I did not touch the sushi at all. Their sushi section was a giant disappointment, it looked worse than places like all-you-can-eat chinese buffets for $10.99. I ignored that section and went straight to the crab legs. What I liked about it was that they saw the crab legs in half already so you can easily just fork out the meat without all the hassle of cracking them open. It was decent, but I quit after 1 plates because it wasn't something I can keep on eating.. . The cocktail sauce they had for their shrimp was a little heavy on the horse radish, not sure if it was just that night or if that's how they liked it. So instead, I ate their shrimp and crab as is. They had a cute little dessert room where trays of miniature desserts are placed out. I tried a piece of everything, but of course it was too sweet to finish all of them. I don't even know how to eat the candied apple, how the heck to you bite into that thing?!. . The place is designed to be like a tea garden with suspended floral arrangements in the center space and some whimsical decors throughout. It feels a little bit like you're a princess and you're about to have tea with Alice and her wonderland friends except you're chowing down on meat, seafood, and unlimited ice  tea.
Pretty good buffet.  Desserts awesome! Lots of variety, Asian Italian Mexican American. Greek salad and yogurt with house made granola was very good. . Kind of disappointed with no crab legs offered. . . Service was a little slow with the refills and taking of the used plates. -1 star.. . Should add a star for having a restroom available inside. lol
If you are a fan of Prime Rib, Crab Legs and Dessert, this is the buffet for you.. . I'M a BIG fan of Prime Rib, Crab Legs and Dessert, this is SO the buffet for ME! :D . . The PRIME RIB. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=jdfrkCcUITfPje_hj07FTg. Sure, I can go to a cheaper buffet with (sub)Prime Rib, but it wouldn't be as tender, juicy, melt in your mouth succulent like they have it here.  For the same price as this buffet (under $40 for dinner) I can get a nice prime rib somewhere swankier but that's all I'd get with no chance of a second or third helping.  . . The CRAB LEGS. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=aHJgbggTOloF2UFOvyP9cg. The snow crab legs here are sweet, delicate AND delicious even BEFORE the butter and lemon.  But what fun would it be if you didn't dunk it in butter?!  I'm typically not a fan of this type and more of a dungeness crab kind of gal, but these are outstanding.  They are even split open for you and ready for easy picking!. . The DESSERTS. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=cIYvAnaBHdm_ji688G7y-A. Tres Leches, Gelato, Chocolatey Brownies, Made to order Crepes, Key Lime tarts, Creme Brulee, Tiramisu, Warm Bread Pudding with Creme Anglaise, really....I can keep going!  And there is distinguishable quality and they are definitely a couple notches above the mass-produced type stuff at the other places - presented in pretty little serveware and you can taste taste taste to your heart's content.. . IMHO, these are the three core competencies that this buffet has.  OK, I admit - the sushi here is not great and might be better at the other buffets.  But does the other buffet have Truffled Pea Risotto?  Nope.  Does the other buffet have Roasted Fennel salad?  Nope.  Tom Yum soup where you can put in your own accoutrements?  Didn't think so.. . Lucky for us we were with a buncha buffet professionals and we came for an early dinner - so there was no wait, and we split our large group into smaller tables (but still next to each other) so we would avoid the "required" 18% gratuity. We tipped well anyway, our servers cleared our table and topped off our drinks often and with a smile.. . So if you like the cheaper buffets with a ton of food with so-so quality, this wouldn't be for you.  But if you like to surf and turf as the way I described above and a sweet tooth that won't stop, then go to the Wynn FTW!
This is a buffet that you'd like to come back for more if you enjoy king crab legs.  Their selections are not that huge, but every items is cooked quited tasty.  I really enjoyed most of their items especially the dessert area.  Try to come here earlier, as there's always a huge line for the king crab legs.  . . Those that are looking for Sashimi, sushi and japanese food, you will be dissapointed as they don't have much selection.
This review is specific for the breakfast buffet.. . For 20 dollars, you will get a variety of omelets, pancakes, fruits, french toast, desserts till your belly pops. . Fresh squeeze OJ and coffee is also included.. . Food was very fresh and of high quality. highly recommended!
Delicious entrees.  Shrimp and crab legs overlooked and no taste.  Awesome desserts.  Crepe bar!
My friends and I did a lot of research on which buffet in Vegas was the best. The Wynn came up often, so we decided to go with it. It's also one of the most expensive, but I understood when I got there. Talk about gourmet! The selections in this buffet were definitely the fanciest I've seen. These are not your standards- there's a lot of diverse options from asian to hispanic to italian to american and more. One of my faves was the couscous, and there was an asparagus dish that was amazing. There were some dim sum and sushi selections. The star of the show was the snow crab legs- people were lining up. Lots of desserts- I'm not a huge dessert person, but the colors and variety were enough to lure me in for some ice cream,pastries and even a candied apple. I was somewhat surprised that my least favorite options were the meats- the beef, pork, chicken- all lackluster compared to the seafood and veggie options. Which was a little disappointing for how much we paid for the buffet. I would probably want to try a different one next time I'm in town, but I can definitely see why the Wynn is up there on the list.
VERY HIGH QUALITY INSPIRED FOOD BUFFET AT THE BEAUTIFUL WYNN HOTEL. . I went to this Buffet on the recommendation of a friend who said it is the BEST buffet in Sin City.  Well, I haven't been to other buffets in Vegas but I can say this one who pretty awesome.. . To the negative reviewers I would remind you that this is an all-you-can eat buffet for $40.. . Overall the food was of very high quality, and was being prepared fresh in cooking stations behind the buffet; there was no wondering how long ago the food was prepared and was sitting there.  There was a genuine effort to provide inspired, near-gourmet quality food, again as close as you can get in a buffet service.. . Food was organized in stations by cuisine, I'll try to list what there was from memory - this is not the complete list, just what I can remember, I added comments on what I tried.. . SEAFOOD. - Shrimp (Nice large shrimp with cocktail sauce & fixins). - Smoked Salmon on toasts with NY style fixins (very nice quality salmon). - Crab Legs - Mounds of them (delish, with drawn butter)). - Oysters Rockefeller (yummy). - Sushi - several kinds of Sushi and Sashimi (nice and fresh, flavorful). - Tom Kar Gai soup (Shrimp Coconut/Thai). - Seafood Pot Pie. . INDIAN. - Curried Chick Peas (nice flavor). - Curried Lentils. - Hummus & Nan. - Tandoori Chicken (Very nice). . MEATS. - Prime Rib (did not try, but looked good). - Kobe Beef Meatloaf (very tasty & moist). - Brisket, Ancho flavored with Ancho BBQ sauce (nice flavor). - Lamb Loin Chops (2 flavors, perfectly done - Garlic/Rosemary & Mediterranean Spice). - Turkey Breast sliced with Thanksgiving fixins'. . ITALIAN. - Papardelle . - Tortellini carbonara. - 3 thin-crust pizzas (nice & crispy). - Chicken Scallopini Milanese. - Antipasto bar (did not try but nice selection of meats cheeses olives etc). - Bruschetta station - toasts with several toppings to choose from. . SALADS. - Cesar - made to order bar. - Beet & Orange Salad (delish). - Roasted Butternut Squash Salad topped with roasted marshmallows. - Traditional Green Salad bar. . SOUPS. - Chicken Noodle (Did not try). - Clam Chowder (NE Style, did not try). . DESSERTS. - Key Lime Mousse (tangy & tasty). - Warm Brownie (with fudge sauce). - Warm Bread Pudding (with bourbon sauce) - delish. - Creme Brulee. - Rocky Road brownies. - Carrot Cake. - Black Forest Cake. - 3 kinds of mini cupcakes. - Several flavors of Gelato + toppings (I had Coconut with toasted coconut; yum - then ended my meal with Chocolate & Vanilla Bean together). . Soda was included at no cost; a glass of Pinot Noir was $14 add'l.  Some had ordered Mimosa's and the wait staff were walking around with pitchers refilling them, so they must have a bottomless deal.. . I did arrive early, about 630 - and there was no wait; but there was a line buy the time I left so you may want to get there on the early side if you want to avoid the wait.. . Overall, I gave the buffet 4 stars -- 5 stars would have required truly gourmet gourmet food, which again I think would be extremely difficult to accomplish at a volume buffet.  I think this is about as good as it could get.....kudos to the folks at Wynn!
i came here about 4 or 5 years ago and i remember it being better.. . we came for brunch on a sunday...i wasn't blown away. but it was still good because the price was very good, only $30 which is same/less than the bellagio buffet which is a step down from this one. for the same price, there is alot more selection than the bellagio brunch and tastes better too.  and the other reviews on yelp were wrong, there is no breakfast (on sunday)...only brunch and it's until 3 pm. i wanted to try the coming in before 3 and staying till dinner trick...but we didnt' have time.. too bad :(,  next time. . . the selection was fairly big for a brunch. they had breakfast foods as well as prime rib, cocktail shrimp, 3 sushis lol, pizza, omellette bar, and dessert. the dessert section is HUGE! in general, most foods tasted pretty good, but nothing blew me away. some of the foods i remember: . the gelato was really good and intensely flavored! got the chocolate and espresso.. I was surprised and happy they had chinese jook there with all the toppings i'm familiar with and like, including shredded dried pork, pickled vegetables, fried bread, 1000 year old egg. that made me happy and feel like i'm at home.
I think this might be considered one of the more expensive buffets in Vegas, but I seriously love the Wynn. I've only gone for lunch but I always double dip, arriving at around 2:30 and staying until the dinner food starts coming out at around 3:15.  The food here is amazing.  Like with most buffets, not all dishes are created equally, but if you choose the right stuff, you'll get the most of your money and enjoy every indulgent bite.. . I suggest avoiding the sushi section altogether and cocktail shrimp and limiting your dessert intake (I remember only liking the butterscotch pudding out of everything I had tried).  Wynn's desserts aren't bad, but most of them were just mediocre.  It's best not to waste your calories on anything below stellar.. . You may want to try the crab legs, but I personally have high standards for crab and would pay $40 for good crab rather than the same amount of unlimited crappy crab.  To each their own.. . If you're a meat eater, congratulations, you've arrived in heaven!  Not that the vegetarian selection is bad--far from it!  There's a fantastic salad bar, a mouthwatering spread of cheeses, and the two times I went, vegetarian curries and dumplings that I thought were delish, as well as cooked collards and yams.  You can also order pasta or noodles with the toppings of your choice (I love the pesto!).  But seriously, the meat is the best part.  I don't even like meat that much but the super bacon (I forget the name of it, but I saw someone else on Yelp call it that) was probably one of the most memorable things I have ever eaten in my life.  I was also a huge fan of the veal short ribs and the prime rib.  . . Other things I recommend would be the leek and pork dumplings (I almost could not stop eating them even though I knew there were so many other goodies to be had!).  I didn't have high expectations for the Asian section, but those dumplings were definitely the bomb!
I love the food in the buffet. It is definitely delicious. I personally enjoy the rice congee with the black egg, but that is an acquired taste. The only problem i have with the buffet is that it is extremely pricey. For my wife and I, i think we would pay around $100 with the tip included.
A previous review recommended going in just before the change over from lunch to dinner.  Get in line at about 3:00 and pay the lunch price, saving about $11.  Dinner items began appearing at 3:30 sharp.. Favorite on the lunch line was the seared kalbi flank steak.  For dinner, my favorites were shrimp, crab legs, veal short ribs and prime rib.  The crab legs were cut length-wise to facilitate fast, large quantity consumption.  Seems like most of the lunch items remained for dinner, but I was pacing for the dinner stuff so I was not as attentive as I should have been.. The desserts are fresh and assorted.  The salads are dressed and fresh tossed for you.  Service is good, atmosphere nice.  No line at 3:00 PM.  This is a Wynn-er!
Great! Just like every other restaurant in the Wynn. Tons of selections and the best crab legs I have ever had in my life. The only reason I stopped piling them on my plate is because people started to look at me funny. Obviously, you serve yourself and the wait staff brings you drinks. It can get pretty loud in here as this is where families to tend to hang out during meal time. Lots of seating. it can be easy to get lost. Look for landmarks : )
They charge you an arm and a leg but the brunch buffet is fantastic. It was like sensory overload with the various breakfast options (made to order omelets, made to order congee, pancakes/waffles, croissants, yogurt with homemade granola, bacon, eggs, dim sum  etc), lunch options (sushi, prime rib, pizza, cerviche, pulled pork sliders, salads, etc), and of course dessert options (cakes, cupcakes, cookies, gelato, etc).. .  I wish I wore my sweat pants instead of my TAJ (tight ass jeans)!
Prime rib and snow crab legs, those are the reasons you go to the Wynn buffet.  The table next to us ate JUST crab legs and dessert.  THAT WAS IT.  They took pictures of the carnage that remained, and heck even I wanted to take a photo too it was so impressive yet grotesque.. . Everything else was well made, and I liked that there wasn't a huge quantity of each item, that way everything was made fresh once it ran out.  . . Those candy apples are darn cute, but skip 'em.  Impossible to eat, even if you sliced them like I did, the candy crust was way too thick to bite through.  . . Unlimited mimosas and champagne for $10.00-thumbs up!  Yorkshire puddings-AMAZING-THUMBS UP!!!!
By far my favorite buffet in Vegas. Dinner for 2 on a weekday night is about $80.. . I really enjoyed the pasta bar, crab legs, prime rib, pizza and desserts. . . On weekday nights they close at 10 and take in the food at 10:30 so service starts to get a little slow because I'm assuming everyone wants to go home and has side works they need to finish.. . I would suggest getting there no later than 8:00pm so you can relax and enjoy your dinner. (I kind of felt like we were being rushed). . some favorites from the dessert section I'm still drooling over:. *scoop of vanilla gelato with warm brownie . *creme brulee
I always remember this place because of how pretty it looked during the time I went. They had decorations correlated to the season and their food was fantastic. The place is however a little pricey but there is a lot to choose from. They also have a place where they make desserts and make fresh crepes.
My husband gave this a 4 but I would give this a 3-1/2*. pros: more organized layout of food stations unlike Bellagio which was difficult to manoeuvre, great ambience unlike Bellagio's cheap interior, better quality food. My kids love the gelato, my husband loves the pizza which was very good, prime rib was good. I think overall quality and variety were good but nothing stands out for me. I liked the curry cauliflower, curry beans, salads were good but the meat dishes were not that good to me. Fish dishes were either overcooked, too salty or too sweet.
Rumor has it that the Wynn buffet is the finest buffet in Vegas.. . Rumor is right.. . I have to make a disclaimer first, though: I'm not a buffet fan.  In my experience, buffet food is bland, stale, and mass-produced.  Plus, I can't force-feed myself enough stuff to justify the cost.  . . That said... In terms of quality and atmosphere, the Wynn buffet blows all other buffets out of the water.  No other buffet comes close.. . We decided to give the Wynn buffet a try on a Monday morning.  I was surprised that there was already a line, but it moved quickly.  After paying the cashier, we were ushered through the bright and cheerful entryway to our seats.  Water and OJ appeared in front of us in no time.  . . Then we wandered over to scope out the savory food.... . Let's just say that the selection is... obscene.  Don't bother trying everything here; it's impossible unless you have a black hole in your stomach or something.  Be strategic with what you want to taste.  My memory is too hazy to provide an unabridged list of the deliciousness available at the Wynn buffet, so I'll begin by recalling a few highlights from the savory options:. . ** Pastas (delicious bowties with pesto, rigatoni, etc.). ** Fried chicken (crispy outside, juicy inside -- superb!). ** Mashed potatoes (creamy!). ** Gazpacho (fresh and tangy!). ** Bagels and lox with cream cheese and LOTS of fresh onions (my weakness). ** Vaguely Chinese-inspired stir-fries (flavorful and not greasy). ** Omelets made to order (yum!). ** Beet & orange salad (love!). ** Split pea risotto (amazing texture). ** Carnitas bowls (nicely done!). . ... and my mind is blanking on the rest of the delicious savory goodies.  . . There were some lowlights sprinkled in, though:. . ** Pizza (rubbery, grease-soaked, and inedible). ** Sushi (slimy rice-balls that are better suited for throwing at people you dislike). ** Prime rib (overcooked into oblivion). . Of course, the shining star of the Wynn buffet is the dessert room.  The sweet options here are mind-bogglingly diverse and 100% delicious:. . ** Gelato bar. ** Marshmallow "lollipops" dipped in chocolate. ** Keylime cheesecake. ** Creme brulee. ** Chocolate chunk brownies. ** Strawberry tarts. ** Candy apples. ** Mini red velvet cupcakes. ** Cookies galore. . I lost count of how many plates of food I went through.  :-/  In my defense, I only took a bite or two (or twenty) from each one.  :-)   The Wynn buffet is the (main) reason I had to hit the gym reeeeeeeeally bad when I returned home.. . Viva Las Vegas... and Viva Wynn buffet!
This is the best buffet I've ever been to. However, if I paid for most of those dishes separately at a restaurant, I would have been a little disappointed. It is buffet food after all and they make a large variety of things without any specialty. The items I did like were the fish cakes, mango coconut mousse and the croissants. Things that just weren't any good were the frittata, seafood pot pie, sushi and gelato. The gelato was so gritty and icy. If I wasn't told that it was gelato, I would have thought it was very cheap ice cream. Everything else was just ok. Still, it's better than the other buffets I've been to.
if you didn't know, they actually have a VIP line to bypass the longer line at busier hours. you pay some ridiculous amount like 45-55 dollars (for lunch), but hey.. gotta do what you gotta do when you're hungry right?. . i love this buffet. they always got somethin new, and what really puts it over the top is their dessert section(s). they have 2 mirroring each other, both with their own delicacies such as cream puffs, gelato, assorted cakes, soft serve, etc. . . they have this smoked sallmon pizza a couple times, which was so tasty i could've died there and i would've been ok with it. they always change it up..and that's what you need to survive in Vegas. it ain't like Hometown, that's for sure (same crap every time). Price is probably the main reason for droppin it down a star. it's delicious, trendy, upscale, nice ambience, but price we paid is just so hefty for a buffet (not even a sit down restaurant with cordial service...
Usually avoid buffets like mosquitos.  Just not my thing... But when you are dining with a large group and kids...  its an absoulute must.. . Food was very tasty.  I see why they get high reviews.... From beginning to end, this joint "GETS IT."  Fresh, looks great... made to order..... clean... and service was top notch.  The only thing preventing a 5 star was the "costco" style sushi being served.  Look...i get you gotta save on something....but when you are this close to hittin a home run/grand slam.... just go ALL IN!!!  . . Will return fo sho...
Good buffet, seemed very reasonable for the quality of the food.  The desserts were amazing, a great selection and the Gelato was off the hook.  The Prime Rib and Sea food selections were ample and they had the Taiwanese style of soup (Gong Wong, not Pho?) that had the different ingredients marinating separate after you got the soup broth, anyway, seemed pretty authentic...anyway, if you're searching for a buffet, it made a couple of top buffet lists and for the price I definitely think you should check it out.  I would recommend doing the $12 upgrade if the line is long (no waiting and you get free mimosa out of the deal).
Long ass line on a Sunday - but we were committed. No way could we pass up a bonafide Vegas buffet - especially a fancified one. It took us about an hour to get seated. However - I would do it all again. If interested, consider the following list.... . 1. Sunday brunch cost is $31.99 and you can upgrade to bottomless Mimosas or Bloody Marys for $10 more. I opted for the Bloody Marys and they were the real deal!. . 2. Omelette bar, Congee bar, Meat Carving bar, Salad bar - on this particular day the Meat Carving bar was serving Prime Rib with horseradish sauce, brown gravy, beef au jus, and grain mustard as well as house-made side bacon.. . 3. Dim Sum options - eggrolls, BBQ pork buns, and gyoza.. . 4. Seafood options - citrus glazed salmon, shrimp cocktail, squid ceviche (amazingly delicious), and a soy glazed mahi mahi.. . 5. Soup bar - Chicken Tortilla, Chicken Noodle and probably 2 more options.. . 6. An Antipasti bar - cured meats, cheese, fancy Italian cookies.. . 7. A dessert ROOM - cupcakes, gelato and ice cream, danishes and pastries, cookies, mini cakes, a myriad of fancy mousses - red velvet, coconut, dark chocolate, s'mores.. . 8. Cornflake crusted fried chicken, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, pulled pork, cornbread - to appease your comfort food cravings.. . 9. An array of other brunchy foods - waffles, pancakes, crepes, applewood bacon, sausage links and patties. . . 10. There was more I promise...can't recall it all - I'm getting flashbacks of sushi options, pastas, and a delicious succotash of lima beans, peppers and corn.. . The Wynn Hotel is also a delightful place to roam and take in the sites - sort of Alice in Wonderland meets the Elven Forest of Middle Earth. Check it out!
I am not usually fond of buffets. This is worth it - the atmosphere beautiful surrounded by live flowers and a light airy atmosphere. The food is all very good. I had the lunch selection which is a good value with brunch served. The cheese omelette was delicious at the station and the desserts yummy! Try it
I went there for Sunday Brunch wanted to know how good it was on the yelp!. We bought vip passs for $12.00 for faster line and champagne or mimosa.. I really like the fact they offer vip passes!. It was worth it my husband had foot problem.. The food was pretty good...! . Good Asian food section...!. The service was pretty good!. And their geleto was sooo goood!
like it as much as the buffet at bellagio
I will always love Wynn buffet! It's a place where a glutton is not ashamed to stay and eat for hours and hours. . . BUT! Now that I have tried breakfast, lunch and dinner from Wynn, I will say that Wynn's dinner menu is the only one that is worth the $$. . . Prime rib and crab legs! Those two are good enough to convince me to go there!
Terrific buffet, with sushi, dumplings, every cultural food you can imagine. Grilled fish, dessert looked perfect, all good!!
A buffet is pretty much just a buffet in Vegas and that's all there is to it. This one is more pricey then some of the others and I'm not sure that the price difference is worth it. We did have some awesome shrimp and crab legs but we paid for the lunch price at 3 and dinner starts at 3:30 so we coordinated that nicely. It was an enjoyable experience, we were looking for good sushi but I'm not sure if that can be found in a buffet. . . The gelato was the best desert but the second time I went back to get it the almonds and coconut slivers tasted pretty stale. The first time I had the oreo crumbs on, and they were good. I'll always try a new buffet when I go to Vegas.. . The food was really good though.
Bring your appetite, because this place won't disappoint a hungry stomach. They got a huge variety of different kinds of foods. The place itself is decorated beautifully, it's definitely a very fun experience.  Yumm!!
quite honestly i was let down by this buffet at the Wynn.. granted the crazy pricing of most "upscale" restaurants around the area this would seem like a bargain.. . lunch was 3 stars. dinner was 4 stars. service was fine.. . the buffet looks bigger than it really is. there are quite a few great food options but some of it looked meh. the dessert table looked great but, i was too full by the time i got to it to fully enjoy it.. . the crab legs for dinner tasted just soso. the prime rib was great. . it's not bad but, having Wynn's reputation i expected a lot more.
This buffet was on our to do list. . We were staying here so we decided to check it out on Friday night - our last night here. . . We were both very hungry, we hadn't eaten much all day, my GF actualy hadn't eaten at all, due to being hung over from the night before when we were at Tao and had never ending Grey Goose Vodka.. . It was around 930 and the line up was pretty long. We saw a second line that was empty - it was for Red Card . Staying at the hotel, we both had Red Cards - good for both casino play and room key. We waltz right up. We were told we had to go to the Red CardClub desk to get some voucher to use to skip the line.. . We go to the Casino. We ask how many points we need.... 300 to skip the line. . Whoops we didn't have 10 between the both of us ! Hehehe . . Back in the line we go ! . . We wait, we pay. 39.99 each plus tax plus they ask how much of a tip we wish to pay. WTF ?  At a buffet ??  Hmm we add to the total .. . Finally we get seated. . . A waiter comes over to take drink orders. Bottomles juice or pop. Alcohol is available, but not included in the price.. . The buffet itself is HUGE ! We hit the seafood. Shrimp Cocktail & Pre cracked crab - Hello ! . . I won't go into lots of details as most reviews list the food choices. However, I must mention the charcuterie station - meats, cheeses, pickles, breads, hummus, olive dip. Yum!  . . We filled up on this and an assortment of other delights. . . Dessert was amazing ! An entire room devoted to this ! Gellato cases, for those wanting a frozen treat. Creme brulee, Candy Apples ! So much more - but those were my personal indulges! . . If you get a chance - go. But go hungry !!
DELICIOUS! My girls and I ate here for lunch and it was just great! The line to pay was not long at all! The selections were great, yummy, and piping hot! My only complaint (which is actually a major one & the reason why I wouldn't give 5 stars) was the overwhelming, disturbing, and annoying stench of GARBAGE! BARFFF! As I was on my 2nd plate of food I kept smelling garbage coming from the kitchen area (we were close to thekitchen/employees only area). Ew ew ew!!!GROSS! Other than that, the food and dessert were delicious. I would definitely go back!
They have plenty of options, crab legs, sushi, Indian, greek, Italian, etc. all the food we ate we're delicious... I think they had the biggest selection then any other buffet I've been too... There was just something about it that didn't make me feel like 5 stars.
I've been to a lot of buffets in las vegas..and by a good lead this one takes the tag of being the best one. I was skeptical to give it a 5 because I feel like there needs to be a couple more foods added to it. Like american food, sliders maybe? or a grill with hot dogs and burgers? That's really the only reason why it's not a 5. The food that they do have though is excellent quality..worth the price and if you're a baller like me just go play roulette for 5 minutes and win yourself the money to have a free meal like I did when I was there. Desserts..gaaaaah so amazing..too bad I'm full on veal and lamb chops by the time I realize that there is a dessert area. lmao. Well enjoy it! Best buffets to me are Wynn, Paris and followed by Bellagio.
I'm really, really tempted to give it 3 or less stars for the fact that my party of 3 had to wait in line for- get this- 1 hour and 50 minutes.. . But the food, the service, everything OTHER than that- was fantastic.. Some of the best buffet food I've had. The truffle pesto risotto was my favorite.. . It cost 3 people about $110, if I remember correctly. A little pricey, but it was delicious.. . Just thinking about how long we waited in line, still makes me angry, though...
The key to this breakfast buffet is scoring a line pass to avoid the wait.  Food is very good although might have been better in the past.  Wife was disappointed that there were no crab legs at brunch.  Good variety otherwise.  Something for everyone.  Deserts are amazing.
Good , Good.. . We were going back and forth about where to go for brunch that morning and I jumped on the web and came up with this place, every body agreed, some more reluctantly than other.. . Once there we waiter for a few mins. nothing crazy though. So we were there on memorial day and the prices were almost double. Once inside, the place is really nice with flowers everywhere and sunny and bright. Waiter comes and takes our drinks order and we proceed to get the food.. . Oh the food. Everything was really good and flavorful. Lets see it is me in a buffet so you put 2 and 2 together. I tried salmon pizza, cucumber gazpacho, squid ceviche, stuffed pork, cheese and figs, chicken soup among others and every thing was great. . There is so much good food that it would be hard to remember everything. Desserts are great as well. I had pecan pie, pina colada cake, chocolate cake and about 6 different flavor icecream that I shared with the group. . . The service was nice and professional. The place is bright and clean and the food is great.. . TB at WLV  worth every penny
My friends and I came here in a drunken haze after going to Encore Beach Club. $50 is a bit pricey, but I think the selection and quality of the food lives up to the amount you pay. If you want to get your money's worth, then definitely get some prime rib or other cuts of meat. If you want to be Asian and get your money's worth, hoard as many crab legs as you can! . . My unexpected favorite was the asparagus risotto. It was the perfect texture and had a subtle asparagus flavor. I loved the mushrooms in it as well. The risotto was the only item I wanted seconds of! The desserts all looked nice/cute, but they're not that great. The creme brulee was tooth-achingly sweet in my opinion. Other than that, nothing stood out as being extremely unique or gross, but the food overall was good. $50 paid for some very expensive drunk munchies!
Don't be fooled by the carbs!. Go straight for the good stuff!. . Recommendation: Prime Rib & Crab Legs
Overall, delicious food.. The brunch selection is probably the best. Although the wait is around 15-30 minutes, it's definitely worth it! . . I had this amazing mango pineapple fish. Mmm, that's the one thing I remember because it was so rich, flaky, but light and fresh at the same time! . There was enough variety and even had a separate dessert room which had delicious gelato. . . What really made the experience special is the decor! The main focal point was the garden room where there is a beautiful skylight and hanging flowers and plants. Gorgeous place to have brunch, breakfast, or lunch in.. . It is a decent price if you do not go on holidays. I believe on holidays it is around $35-40 for breakfast or dinner. On regular days, I believe $15-20 which is amazing for their food.
The dinner buffet is totally worth the money. Almost everything was delicious and I loved the selection. Gourmet quality.
Plenty of vegan options thanks to Steve Wynn! 25 dollars for a weekday brunch. A little disappointed because we wanted to try crab legs and they are not offered on the weekdays. The desserts were good. My favorite was the Asian section of the buffet. A lot of dim sum options and also sushi options! We didn't eat too much.
The center atrium is really bright and colorful w/natural light -- would've loved a table there, but alas they seated us inside near a corner.. . This buffet had a huge selection of food, and I loved that there was a whole room devoted to dessert. The different entree groups were also labeled up above with large print ("Shellfish" and "Italian" for example) so you can find your favorites more easily.. . J remarked that the crab legs were really fresh, unlike the typical old-tasting crab legs that many buffets have.. . The dessert room had great selection. Gelato w/toppings... made-to-order crepes... pies, cookies, mousses, madeleines, marshmallows, cheesecake, creme brulee, lots of different cakes. For the most part they were good, although the madeleines were subpar. There were even a few sugar-free items.
This buffet is a cut above most. That being said it is right at the line for being either worth the money or not. The brunch had no crab legs and for the price it should. The hand carved bacon made me weak at the knees it was so good. Everything was clean. The desserts were just ok. The Bellagio is a better food and a better value.
Thank You Asian Pitboss for giving the group and I complimentary buffets.... twice!  While doing it big at the black jack tables aka betting the minimum of 10 dollars, our nice pitboss (i think her name was Pam?) decided to give us some nice comp buffets.  We had the dinner buffet and the lunch buffet.. . This was my first time at a Las Vegas buffet so i had no idea what to expect.  I was overal satisfied with the selection.  Dinner offered prime rib and suckling pig while lunch had nice hanger steak and tri tip.  The food here had great seasoning.  There was a whole lot of variety to choose from.  You can get shell fish, sushi, pasta, asian, mexican, italian, american, and etc.  Imagine a golden corral but times 20.  Everything is up a notch, you don't get meatballs, you get kobe meatballs.  Cheese ravoili turns into Goat cheese ravioli.  Instead of spaghetti, you get carbonara.  The prime rib was good, but i could tell they most likely used a select grade of meat.  Lunch offered nice brunch items like eggs benedict, bacon, pancakes, frittatas, and etc.  Overall, the buffet was good and i enjoyed it a lot.. . The desserts were fantastic.  Gelato station, (i recommend the white expresso), pastries, extra flakey croissants, dessert shooters, cupcakes, cookies, and etc, it was a diabetic's nightmare.  . . The Wynn Buffet did not dissapoint my first experience at a Vegas Buffet.  I'll definately come back next time I'm in Sin City.
My favorites were the Kobe meatloaf and the shrimp cocktail.. there was an amazing dessert spread of gelato and toppings, chocolate dipped marshmallows, etc.
Seeing as how I eat like a pig, buffets are one of my favorite places to eat at. The boy and I decided to eat at The Buffet at Wynn before our early afternoon flight back to the bay. Even on a Monday morning, there was a line for the buffet. (Not that bad, but I was expecting no line!) The hostess was super nice, and we got seated pretty quickly. The decor was fantastic: colors and floral arrangements everywhere! I might have embarrassed my boyfriend a bit when I kept taking pictures of.. well, everything.. . There was a wide selection of food - seafood, meats, sushi, breakfast foods, pastas, bread, cheeses, soups, cakes, desserts, and more. Most of the food was good, but the Japanese food selection was meh and some of the meats were meh also. (Go figure since they have to provide a large amount of meats..). . For about $27, you get a nice ambiance, friendly service, and lots of food to chow down on. Don't eat too much and then go gambling... you might food coma at the tables!
The Wynn is a really nice hotel and their buffet was exceptionally nice! It has really good selections and everything is fresh. The Buffet at the Wynn also has one of the best dessert selections in Vegas but I wasn't there for that ;). . We did the dinner buffet which was perfect timing on our part since this is when the restaurant pulls out all the stops! I went prepared in comfortable clothing and did a few stretches to loosen up hahaha!  Let's just say I was running on the treadmill the next morning from guilt of how much I ate LOL. No carbs, I don't go to buffets like that to eat them, only tasty meats, seafood and veggies :)
The Wynn is a very nice hotel. The Buffet was very colorful. I felt like Alice in the Wonderland. =) The staffs were very nice and our server was very attentive. We were seated close to the dessert section and it was the real reason why I was there. Haha...the buffet had a nice selection of a variety of food. . . The price is slightly higher than most buffets but I would definitely come here again.
For the price you pay, around 20 something...the foot is way better than the M!. They have mexican, chinese, seafood, salad, dessert station, etc.. The cups of salad they had out were mostly not that good.  And the ok ones were just salad and some meat.  I love salad, but I'd skip this salad bar.  The Mexican and Chinese food were alright.  The seafood was good.  When the place started serving the crab legs, the line became very long.  They had pasta and pizza here also, which my friend loved.  I skipped that section because it's heavy food.  I tasted almost every section.  The dessert section was delish.  My friends and I shared our desserts because they're so concentrated and fatty; we just wanted a bite of everything.  The ice cream and crepes were food; we had to wait til they started serving crepes at 3:30pm fyi.  I can't really say much about the other desserts like bake stuff and chocolate items because I'm not a fan of them in general.. Overall, I'd totally come back to this place in the future.  If you want your money's worth.  Try to come during lunch time right before they start serving dinner so you can pay for lunch pricing!
2 words...Kobe Meatloaf!. . We tried to get there before the dinner prices started but they closed the line 20 mins before the lunch cut off time. . . The food was fresh. Between the 4 of us that ate there, I think we tried just about everything. The prime rib was tender, the veal short ribs fell off the bones, the shrimp was fresh and pasta was declicious!. . The service was fast and courteous. The wait staff was on top of all our needs and cleared away the emply plates very quickly.. . I do have to say though, the best part for me was a toss up between the farmhouse cheeses and the desert room..That's right folks, a room of deserts! I want one of these in my house :) . . This is a definite must on your next trip to Vegas!
First buffet at Vegas (that I can remember...) and it was pretty amazing!. . There's a good variety of items here but not as much as I thought there would be. Some casino buffets in San Diego have more variety of items than here, but what they lack in variety, they excel in quality. . . There might be a ton of buffets out there that claim they have the most variety of items but the quality is horrendous! And when you take that into consideration, there's probably only a couple of things you can actually eat because everything else tastes like crap. . . Everything tastes AMAZING here at Wynn! Some of my favorites have to be the FLANK STEAK. OMG! BEST TASTING STEAK EVER!!! I couldn't stop eating it! They used really good quality foods for everything! The fruit they served had some of the best tasting pineapple I've ever had!! There's a really nice dessert section with a made to order crepe station!! For dinner there is also king crap legs that are sliced in half for you already!! You don't have to work for the meat, which makes it all the more enjoyable to eat!! . . I loved the presentation of all the food items. I tend to not eat salads at buffets but when Wynn arranges the salad in beautiful glass cups, I couldn't even resist eating some! . . Drinks are unlimited as well, so you can pick from coffee, tea, sodas, etc. . . I think lunch is around $24 and dinner is around $43 (tax included). . . The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because: 1) Lacking in variety of items (as compared to other casino buffets); 2) No watermelon (my favorite fruit); 3) No macaroons (which I saw on other yelper's pictures); 4) Our waiter changed shifts and our second waiter was really neglectful of us. . Overall: I would totally recommend this buffet! The quality of their foods here is top notch!
A solid choice if you're looking for a Vegas buffet. The mains and sides were good, seafood selection meh to poor and OMG the creme brulee (get it!). Avoid the crepes at the dessert station, they used mostly canned fruit which is a let down.
I've rated the Wynn buffet 5 stars because of it's delicious food, good service, and pretty decor. :)
i must confess that i flirted with the crepe maker, and he hooked me up, twice. strawberries, whipped cream, chocolate sauce all over a silky thin fragrant crepe.. . but before i had this little dessert rendevous, i stuffed myself with delicious prime rib, corn-flake fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, fresh crab legs with drawn butter, watermelon mint feta salad, shrimp cocktail, beef noodle soup, green pea risotto with mushrooms, pork shortribs, carbonara tortellini, and a lot more i can't recall. then it was all dessert from then on.. . white espresso gelato, the signature wynn candied apple, red velvet cupcake, berry lemon parfait, raspberry cheesecake, chocolate covered marshmallow, strawberry sorbet, chocolate gelato, warm brownie, a huge creme brulee, tres leches...and then i ate those 2 crepes! . . please, don't judge me.
The Wynn is a beautiful hotel. . . I'm rating this buffet an impressive 4 stars. I am usually not a big fan of buffets but this place not only focuses on quantity but also quality. Quality + Quantity= Good buffet. . . TIP: Men must wear sleeves! If you aren't wearing sleeved shirts, you cannot enter the buffet or you must pay 12.99 for a mediocre looking wynn shirt. . . They have veal, prime rib, crab legs, pasta, yummy desserts, a crepe station, and vegan selections. This buffet is very allergy friendly because they provide gluten free food items. . . My bf paid $98 for the dinner including the shirt. Worth it!
Without hesitation, probably the best buffet I had in Vegas. Let me list the reasons why... . . 1. Selection- It has Asian, Italian, Breaskfast/Brunch, Meats, Mediterranean, and American food. And to top it off, the have a great desert selection and fresh fruits!. . 2. Quality- Sure most buffets will undoubtedly have the same selections, but I think this one really stands out in quality and freshness. When you eat here, you may not like the flavors of certain dishes, but trust me when I say you won't be disappointed in their quality of food. . . 3. Service- Quite fast for having such a huge dining area. You're not going to get the personal service, but it's a buffet. . . This place has a pretty high price tag, (98 for 2) but I think it is definitely worth it. . TIP: If you don't want to wait in line forever you can either get a line pass through your Wynn RED card counter or just buy the VIP line pass which includes alcohol drinks.
Went here for dinner. This is more like a very weak 4. But they have a nice selection with a wide variety of dishes. Oddly enough I think their best dish is the singapore noodles. Their salad section is a bit weak and they have a lot of desserts, but the topping on all their creme brule was not at all very caramelized! Very dissappointed in that. Also, their gelato isn't really gelato but more like ice cream. And service, they're so busy with the influx of customers that you have to aggresively flag down a wait staff if you want to get your drink refilled or your table cleared, otherwise you'll be waiting for a while. . . None of the food left me "oooh, gotta have that again." Maybe because we came in around 9pm and many of the dishes I had were only warm, but not hot off the stove.
Great place for a "Las Vegas Breakfast" A Las Vegas Breakfast is usually served around 11am and must be accompanied by an alcoholic beverage(s) to fight the massive boxing match my body is having with my head. I've been here a few times, and gambled away a nice chunk of change in the casino, so I get a few privileges here. Omelet station is a terrific. To me a good omelet needs meat, cheese and a veggie. I can usually convince the little fella at the grill to load up the bacon and cheddar for me. They have a really nice display of fruits, veggies, cheese and other fancy food. I say skip it, and go right for the pizzas. Nothing washes down a bacon and cheese omelet like a wood oven pizza, not a slice...the whole freekin pie. So after I'm full, depressed, and in a state of general self loathing, I'll toss back another bloody mary and maybe another omelet, and head back to my room to hate myself just long enough to sleep it off, and be ready for to gamble, drink and act like a degenerate in front of a bunch of strangers one more time. Whatever happens at the Wynn Buffet, stays at the Wynn Buffet.
Went here for the weekend buffet dinner.  75% of my dinner consisted of me piling plate after plate of Alaskan Opilio Crab Legs.  It was great that the legs ware already split in half so it made scooping out the yummy crab meat quick and easy, dab it in a little butter and I pigged out.  I think I ate about 60 legs (give or take 10).  I also enjoyed the pea risotto which was delicious.  Other bits and pieces I got were the lamb t-bone, shrimp cocktail, salad shooters (thai, mediterranean, caprese).  The dessert selection was great as well - I really enjoyed the gelato selection they had.  I recall getting vanilla bean, white espresso, mint cheap, and chocolate fudge.. . Plus here's a hint, on Saturday night I got there at 6pm and my total wait until being seated was no more than 30 minutes :D
The Wynn Buffet is probaly the prettiest atmosphere of all the buffets.  Its bright and flowery and really well done, with a French feeling.   The food was really good as well.  We went for lunch.  My favorites were the dim sum selections, pizza, cesar salad, and flank steak.  Oh my god that steak is amazing... the spices they use make it so flavorful.... YUM!  . . Desserts are really good... gelato, dulce de leche shot glass, cookies, and chocolate croissant.  I recommend.
What did they NOT have here? Extensive buffet options-- your stomach will explode. I thought the desserts weren't spectacular, but the gelato helped make up for that. The potstickers were surprisingly good! I love potstickers, but they seem so ordinary, I was going to pass on it. I'm not sure why they were so good! . Needless to say, we spent a good amount of time there eating.
Hands down THE BEST DESSERTS of any buffet I've attended in my life! I mostly had the parfaits in the mini cups and they were whipped to such an airy lightness with just the right amount of sweetness, I did not feel piggish going back for more! Creative, delicious, and beautiful. Did I mention DELICIOUS?!? Yes!!!. . Tips: Lunch starts at 11. If you're in the mood for brunch, line up about 10:30 or earlier to get the best of breakfast and lunch! . . Ladies, do not show up in a bathing suit with a sheer cover-up. They will make you go back and get decent. Or in the case of the young woman who probably wasn't staying at the hotel, they threw a big t-shirt on her. No one wants to see your butt in a thong during a meal!
This is one of the better buffets I've been to. It's about $40 per person for dinner.. . Some of the food actually tastes like food, though it's hit or miss depending on the dish. They had long cold skinny crab legs, sliced in half, which made it easy to eat and peeled cold shrimp.. . My favorite dishes were the corn chowder, corn on the cob, sauteed green beans, and salad with candied walnuts. The pizza was decent. The prime rib was too soft and undercooked.. . For dessert, creme brulee was enjoyable. There was a crepe station for made to order crepes. The candied apples were very cute to look at but too hard to eat. The marshmallows dipped in chocolate and sprinkles were cute but had been left out too long. Many of the desserts were cute to look at, but the taste was just okay.. . I had an enjoyable experience and was satisfied, until I went to Wicked Spoons! (Wicked Spoons was even better!)
Came here for a Saturday dinner with the fam bam. We got there earlier around 6:30 PM and there was barely a wait - woot!. . Food selection was more limited than I thought but the main items I came here for (prime rib + crab legs) were fantastic. We all loved the risotto as well. I avoided most of the carby food/salad so can't say how good those were. I did notice that there was a good assortment of Chinese/asian food and my parents really liked the beef soup (however, my dad claimed that there was too much MSG since he was super thirsty later on). The dessert area was pretty diverse - there were tons of gelato flavors to pick from and an assortment of mini-cakes.. . I would probably not come back yet since I'm not a huge buffet person but this one is definitely one of the better ones in and out of Vegas.
Come here for:. Crab legs, shrimp, beef, desserts. Thats all. . . Bad sushi, bad selection for kosher peeps who don't eat pork or shellfish, and generally just not worth it UNLESS you eat the 4 items listed above exclusively.
Don't go unless you're very hungry!. Food surprisingly good. Desserts beautiful & delicious.
Yum! I've tried many of the buffets on the Strip over the years and this was definitely one of my favorites! The price for dinner is decent (for Vegas), and they have a wide selection of food. The crabs legs and shrimp were delicious, very sweet and succulent. I also really like the antipasto bar and the fresh scooped gelato was really tasty! One of the major misses for me was the sushi, however. It was just not good, small, hard and yucky. Other than that, everything was delicious and we had many plates full of food! I would recommend this buffet for those who want to chow down before they hit the slots.
Based on breakfast/brunch food:. . All I kept hearing when I told people I was going to Vegas was to hit up Wynn's buffet. That it was "amazing" and "delicious" and "[insert other awesome adjectives to describe their food]." So of course the day of checkout, we decided to eat here. Now I know you're gonna say that we should've gone for lunch/dinner because the food selection is better and blah blah blah. But by this time, GUAP had been lost at the slots and we were in conservation mode so that meant breakfast buffet. . . Moving on... the space is beautiful. Fresh flowers everywhere. But I didn't expect anything less from the Wynn. They have their aesthetics down pat. What I didn't like was their dress code policy. My brother had to walk all the way back to our suite at the Encore to change out of his beater/tank. I mean I get it that you guys wanna keep it classy, but when I look over at the table next to me with a woman wearing basically a napkin over her breasts... kinda defeats the purpose ay? Might wanna fine tune that policy. . . Anyways you would think that breakfast buffet foods would be limited because that's what I thought. But not here! Pretty amazing variety of foods offered here. Friggin awesome! From different fruit salads to eggs Benedict with salmon to scrambled egg whites to plain old fruit loops for the kids. However their dessert area is by far the most impressive. I probably took something from each area: gelato, cake, cookie, cupcake, mousse, etc. Yes, I'm a foodie. Tis why I'm a Yelper. Duh! Now granted I didn't eat everything that I took. I just sampled and if I didn't like it, I'd set it aside. Some may argue that that's wasteful. Bitch, we're at a buffet. It's all wasteful.. . Definitely coming back for lunch/dinner next time I'm in Vegas. But maybe I'll come before I gamble so there's actual money to be spent. NTS.
This ain't no Hometown Buffet, yo!. . FYI, I am NOT a fan of buffets! When my brother wanted to spend his birthday here out of ALL the other excellent restaurants in Vegas, I wanted to say, "What?!?! Are you serious?!?! What the heck is wrong with you?!?! Do we really need 3000 calories in one meal???". . But hey, he was paying for our dinner at $36.95/person so I just kept my mouth shut. I'm sure my bratty face showed how I was feeling anyway. While dining here, I realized that the food was much better than most buffets. Actually, it's the best buffet I've been to so far.. . Excellent dishes:. Thai Beef Salad. Crab legs. Smoked Salmon. Chicken with some kind of mango salsa. Pepperoni Pizza. And so many more but I can't remember cuz I was in a food coma.. . Not so great dishes:. All the sushi rolls - rice was old, dry, tough. Sushi is never good at a buffet. I know this but I was curious, I just wanted to try it.. And some other things but I can't remember cuz I was in a food coma.. . Then there's the dessert area....EEEEEEEEEEEEKKK!  It was HEAVEN!!! A crepe station, gelato, cookies, carrot cake, cheescakes, cupcakes, mousse, chocolate-dipped marshmallows, etc. The creme brulee was my favorite! I think I tried almost ALL of them. YAY for sugar!!! I had about 10 desserts on the table in front of me. WOOO!. . Service was excellent! I wish I remembered the name of the guy who helped us with drinks and other things cuz he was really patient with the 18 of us. We needed more utensils, napkins, drinks and we changed the seating for the kids, our requests seemed endless but we didn't have to wait long to get them. When my family realized he was Filipino, they were all over him and kept asking him questions: "Where do you live?" "Where's your family?" "How long have you been here?" "Can you take our picture?" "Can you take one more?" "Okay, one more picture?" I felt sorry for the guy but it didn't look like it bothered him at all. He never stopped working or smiling while he was answering a billion questions...and thank you for taking 50 pics of us!. . I had so much fun trying so many different things! I'm glad my brother celebrated his birthday here. For a buffet, this is really good!
4.5. . By far, one of my favorite buffets in Vegas~. . Since me and my girlfriends came to Vegas on a Thursday and left on a Monday, we had the chance to eat here twice! If you come on a weekday for lunch, it's only about $25!! Highly recommended!! The food is really worth trying, especially if you get it at that price. I came here before for dinner also, and I believe that it's better than Wicked Spoon. . . The service is good, and the servers are quick to take your drinks choices and to take out the unwanted dishes from your table
Nothing says "this place rules" more than going twice in a row. That's what we did: two back to back dinners at the Buffet at Wynn. . . We rolled in about 5 roller derby girls deep and hit this buffet hard. The only dress code requirement was that we had an opaque cover up on - thankfully, we did (this time).  The line was about 45 minutes late, which was cutting into our viable gorging time. . . On average, we each ate three plates with different strategies for approaching this buffet: I steered clear of the starches to maximize consumption, Donna focused on the seafood, Lauren went light on the main courses and then slammed down some serious desserts. And, of course, we had endless glasses of Diet Coke poured non-stop. . . While one might scoff at the price, $40 buys you not only an inhumane amount of food, with a wide vegan menu, but it also buys you faux-ostrich leather walls and chairs. . . Oh, and this place is hella classy for a buffet. So don't be like us and show up in stank-ass derby clothes and bandanas.
I'd like to point out why this isn't 5 stars in my book because everyone, absolutely everyone in Vegas knows this is one of the nicest and best buffets.. . There are 2 stalls in the men's bathroom. During prime time, that can be quite a wait. It is also hot in there. Ventilation please?. . The service isn't amazing. I had to ask multiple times for a straw for my drink and for a refill.. . They could use a little more variety in their vegetables and maybe some avocado or something with the eggs. The omelet line was quite long, and if they took an omelet order that would help significantly.. . Desserts, amazing. Seafood, amazing. Ambiance, beautiful and private feeling and airy. I liked the corn tostada things they had with some sour cream and side ingredients. The prime rib was amazing for a buffet. The eggs benedict was ordinary. The fried chicken was a lower quality of chicken than I expected.. . However, come for the desserts and the prime rib. You'll love it anyways.
Def best champaign brunch buffet I've been to. So worth it!!!
Oh ce buffet !!!. . Effectivement c'est certainement l'un des plus chers, comptez 22$/personne (avec les taxes) pour le breakfast buffet (servi jusque 11h). . Mais comme pour les autres buffets, vous arrivez un peu avant la fin du premier service, comme ca vous faites la fin du breakfast et apres place au lunch !. . Fromages, charcuteries, salades, plats divers et varies, omelettes dont vous choisissez la composition...impossible de tout lister !. En boisson le chocolat est viennois d'office... remarquez on est plus a quelques calories pres... :). . Le decor est sublime avec ce petit jardin d'hiver ou les plus chanceux pourront s'installer car il y a peu de places !. . Par contre pour les desserts, les pancakes et les french toasts j'avais prefere le Bellagio, j'ai vraiment du mal a les departager ces deux-la...
Good food, but I was a little disappointed at the spread.  I was really excited to come here because some people had told me that this buffet was better than the Wicked Spoon, which is my current favorite, but the Wicked Spoon is still my personal fav.  . . With that being said, however, everything I had here was good.  It's a bit pricy, at $40 a plate for dinner, but I feel like I got my money's worth.  Had a couple servings of medium rare prime rib, some pasta (their papardelle pasta was really good, especially with some meatballs thrown in), and a whole bunch of other stuff I can't remember off of the top of my head.  . . Overall, the food quality here was pretty darn good for a buffet, but I guess I was just expecting more after all of the hype.. . Because of timing issues, I had to come in clubbing attire, which was SUPER awkward, and there were some creepy employees working behind the counters, so fyi - don't come here decked out in clubwear!  But that's probably common sense for most folk...
I haven't been to a Vegas hotel buffet in a while, so I can't really compare Wynn's to others, but I was very satisfied with the selection and quality of the stuff they had here.. . Their seafood seemed to be quite popular as there was a huge line on a Saturday night for it. They had sections of Asian & Middle Eastern food, and, of course, American, and a range of meats. . . Another standout was their dessert section. At first I didn't notice it because it isn't located along the wall with the rest of the food. It's in its own little area opposite the food, with two sides to it, arranged like a bakery so you can see all the desserts. . . Some people may not care, but some of the desserts were not labeled. I like to know what I'm eating, as almost everything 'looks' good, but there have to be some people with food allergies who would care even more.. . For the price, sit down, relax, and stretch out your trips to the buffet/dessert line, and you'll be happy with coming here.
Beautiful French decor and a spacious dining room.  We had dinner which was $39.99 after tax.  The food is great - they have a bit of literally everything - seafood, salads, Chinese dim sum, sushi, Thai noodles, Italian, Southern, gluten-free, cheeses, soups, steaks, American, Italian, pizza, and DESSERTS!  Pretty tasty food overall but again, not over the top impressive. Great desserts - creme brulee, gelatos, madeleines, and adorable parfait-style desserts of all kinds.  Well presented and does not feel like you are eating at the trough - which many buffets tend to do.
Great buffet but be prepared to wait in a long line. Number three on the strip behind the Bellagio and Paris.
My most favorite buffet, ever ever. The lines move fast, excellent waiter service, and it carries a super cute look. You will definitely get your money's worth. . My favorite: the crab legs. They are pre-cut for you (how cool is that?!), fresh, and are just full of crab meat... which makes me want to go back every time I visit Las Vegas :)
The Buffet at the Wynn used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas, but I now have a new favorite--Studio B Buffet at M Hotel & Casino.. . The cost of both buffets on weekends is the same $40 plus tax, and that comes out to about $43 per person.  But after having dinner at Studio B last night, having dinner tonight at the Wynn Buffet just isn't the same.. . I would say that the best things about this buffet is the Alaskan Crab Legs and the Prime Rib.  But after having Studio B Buffet last night, Studio B is definitely better in terms of taste and quality for both Alaskan Crab Legs, Prime Rib, and they also have oysters and unlimited beer & wine. A way better deal if you ask me, plus they have a much better selection.  But Wynn is still good and gives you a good variety of dishes to choose from.  But if you don't mind driving a few extra miles on the 15 South for Studio B Buffet at the M Hotel & Casino, it's definitely worth it.
The buffet at the Wynn is outstanding and on par with Wicked Spoon.. . Large and beautiful variety of quality foods. I believe this is the only buffet that serves candied apples! As enticing as the candied apples are, they will break your teeth (they're hard as boulders). If you're looking to fill your tummy, come here!. . **Dress code enforced! Gentlemen are not to wear sleeveless shirts! If you do slip up, a tshirt is available for purchase for ~$13. Dress appropriately!
The Wynn Buffet is the best Vegas buffet I've been to, but I've only been to about 5. So I'm going to try a few more before I call it the best in Vegas. . . We had a great time. They sat us in the middle part of the buffet with the skylight and beautiful decor. The service was amazing, we had the best server, Theresa. . . My favorite foods were the prime rib, crab legs and the dessert bar. They would even grill up the crab for you if you asked. . . I would recommend this Vegas buffet to anyone!
Great buffet!  However, it still comes second to my ultimate favorite buffet at the Bellagio!  But back the buffet at Wynn.... first off, I'm in love with their garlic sauteed string beans.  I swear came back for thirds or fourths on this item.  They also had some really yummy prime rib! Their desserts were just as delicious as they looked.  Service was great too.  There really wasn't a dish here that didn't tickle my fancy... but alas my stomach can only hold so much.  Overall, awesome buffet delicacies and a must stop for any Vegas trip!
I was happy to hit the famed Wynn breakfast buffet, though we got there right as they were turning over to lunch, which gave us the best of both but caused me to go into frantic "grab everything" mode as they were takin' my bacon. All of the baked goods were great, but I actually liked the morning pastries much more than the desserts. The omelet was tasty, the dim sum was good, the lunch entrees were solid. The physical space is beautiful.. . I only vaguely remember eating at any buffet, my judgment calls usually related to variety, freshness, and level of "not tasting like bad buffet food." In that sense, Wynn and Paris are my favorites (still need to try Wicked Spoon), and I suggest you'll be fine choosing either based on which hotel you'd like to be lumbering around in with an expanded belly afterward.
I'm not usually a big fan of buffets, but I have to say this one is worth going to. The buffet is clean, organized, and has ridiculous variety. They also have an extensive and very attractive display of desserts. . . My favorite entrees were the prime rib and salmon. I definitely got my money's worth after a couple plates and two or three ramekins of creme brulee. I took off one star because price per person is expensive and I thought the Asian section was lackluster. It was the one part of the buffet that I would say tasted like "normal" buffet food. Honestly I would avoid it altogether. . . I suggest to come during lunch service and stay longer into the dinner service (starts at 3pm) to be able to try different food and really stretch your dollar.
The Buffet at Wynn costs more  than you'd normally want to pay for a buffet, but if you're willing to pony up the cash, you'll discover exactly what you're paying for. The place features quality food, and lots of it (proving the point that you can have only ever have two of quantity, quality, and affordability, but never all three). They've got food from every region of the world, and all of it is fresh. I've never really seen a buffet with Indian food options, but there it is at The Wynn, fresh and spicy and full of flavor.. . They also feature a ridiculous dessert area, with fresh made Ice Creams and an endless variety of pastries, pies, and cakes. If you're willing to pay the money, The Buffet at Wynn will treat you very well.
I was pleasantly surprised with this buffet! It's hard being a vegetarian and going to buffets because you think you're gonna be stuck at the salad bar, but this buffet offered many dishes without meat in it. There's a good variety and the drink menu wasn't too expensive either. The dessert bar was huge with a crepe and gelato station. The gelato I ate was good, BUT was not a gelato- it tasted like regular ice cream to me. I liked almost everything I ate besides one dessert and another random item I tried. Overall, a very good Vegas buffet!. . If you're in Vegas during the weekdays (Mon-Thurs) you'll save about $12 or so on your meal so I would recommend not going on the weekend if you can make it on a weekday.
One of the two buffets we always go to. There's always a great selection to choose from, and their dessert is delicious. The food is separated by things like, "Asian," "seafood," and "italian." Although they are a bit pricier than others, the quality of their food, and service is definitely worth it. Service is always hit or miss, though. . . Plus : they have decaf coffee, and will give you soy if you request it for your coffee!
The food is more sophisticated than other buffets, but it comes at a price.  It was about $40 pp on a Sunday evening which didn't come with champagne.  The crab legs were so-so and very salty, and the lamb was dry.  The side dishes were creative though.
I don't usually go to buffets in Vegas, there are SO MANY other gourmet options, best chefs in the world all have restaurants here. But my relatives were visiting from China, and they've only heard of Vegas buffets and insisted on trying. So, we opted for the best on the strip.. . The selection was pretty diverse, wasn't disappointed. Of course every buffet has some filler items, but a few things really stuck out for me: Kobe meatloaf, creamy sweet pea risotto, mint mojito cheesecake, and of course the crab legs. I love crab, but hate working at my food. Most Vegas buffets will have crab legs cracked, but you'd still have to peel at it. Wynn has the legs cut lengthwise so you can simply scoop the meat out with a fork! Awesome!
This place is amazing!  I have been on holidays and non-holidays and I think the holidays are much better overall.  But that is not to say that non-holidays are bad but it is excellent on holidays and above average on other days.  The pricing is rather high but it has quite a few amazing stations to choose from including the standards of beef, american, pasta, salads and deserts.  If you wanted a place to compare it to I would say that Bellagio is definitely the inspiration for this place. And they are definitely comparable.  The only downside to Wynn for me is consistency.  Again if you go on a holiday the pricing is quite high but the food quality is also much higher such as the pure prime rib that they provide during the holidays, and fresh crab legs, and other delights.  . . Definitely recommended if you are in Vegas and looking for something that is Bellagio level of taste and quality.
I am going to have to update my rating for the Buffet at Wynn.  As I have made my circuit to various other buffets I came to the realization that quality has dropped almost EVERYWHERE.  So Wynn still offers one of the top selections and quality, considering. They still have the best dessert bar of any of the other buffets in town.
We were in Las Vegas for only 2 evenings so we decided on 1 dinner buffet. Years ago we came to the Bellagio for their dinner buffet and really, I mean really, enjoyed it. It was by far the best buffet that we'd been to. We were staying at Circus Circus and headed down the strip with desires of mounds of crab, shrimp, and other sea going morsels. My wife had visions of beef! We got to "The Buffet" and there wasn't much of a line at about 6 pm. I have to admit I got a little worried as some of the reviews were not so positive. But let me say, once in and away I went. Sampling just about everything (except the usual filler products such as salads and mashed potatoes) The hit was the Alaskan snow crab legs! Piles and piles of them. They will steam them if you wish but I prefer mine cold. The seafood selections were fabulous. The beef selections were just as great. Great flavored prime rib, Kobe beef, etc. Finishing it all off with fine selections of desserts. We've cut down lately on our intake. We usually try to split a meal but this was an all out shove as much as you can down the throat evening! We left wondering if we would ever desire to eat again. But alas, by the time breakfast arrived we were hungry for more! Now on to a breakfast buffet!
I've been to buffets at other casinos, but this is the best by far! Lots of fresh seafood, great carving stations, however I was not a fan of the way the prime rib was seasoned, and great desserts!
THE buffet at the Wynn is ok but not what I was expecting from the nicest hotel in Las Vegas. Deserts were nice but the selection was probably a 7 out of 10.  I love The Wynn but I'll personally try another restraunt next time.
One of my favourite parts of any buffet is the standard salad bar. I could eat from a salad bar every day for the rest of my life. This buffet does NOT have that salad bar... but that's OK. . What this buffet does have is TONS of fresh seafood, like crab legs, peel & eat shrimp, a variety of sushi and quite a few fish dishes. There are stations of different cuisines, so you've got fresh Asian foods, make-you-own pasta dishes, pizzas, Mediterranean foods like lamb, hummus, olives, and tzatziki. Deli meats and cheeses so you could make a sandwich if you wanted. There are some salads, but they're of the strict-recipe type, like Caesar salad, and a few choices with a mesclun mix and some tomatoes. The beet salad was very good and I loved the couscous salad. Some of the stations are meant to be staffed, but they were frequently unmanned, so you just couldn't have whatever that dish was. I never saw an empty dish, but I wished they could have just pushed the tongs over to the patron's side so I could pick up my own piece of pre-cut meat or poultry instead of going without.. I had my small service dog with me and he was such a hit! Some of the cooks came out of the kitchen to greet him and give him a bite to eat and almost all the waitstaff at least said hi to him. He was a happy puppy. :). There was a little station with small foods in a glass, like a greek salad and a gazpacho soup. There. I didn't even partake of the extensive dessert station (I don't really like sugar anyway) but it would please anyone. There was every type of dessert you could imagine; ice creams, custards, cakes, pies, tarts, fruit, etc. It was an entire extra room full of sugar. . I'm probably forgetting lots of the other things they had. It was definitely not your typical average buffet. I don't know that'd I'd spend the money to go here again, but it was very good quality.
IMO best buffet in Vegas so far.  Wynn is slightly better than Wicken Spoon, which is slightly better than Bellagio.. . Pros:. Large selection, esp. for carbs; breads, pastas, pizzas galore. Other stations include Mediterranean (with hummus, baba ghanoush); Italian (pizzas, veggie calzones, pastas/ pasta station); American (prime rib, corn on the cob, cauliflower, candied butternut squash, mashed potatoes); Seafood (king crab legs galore); charcuterie with dried figs and tampenades; Asian (dim sum, noodles, sushi, Japanese salads). Huge dessert section, including cheesecakes, gelato, mousses,  . Friendly service. . Highlights: . Profiteroles, yum!. Clearly marked vegetarian and vegan offerings; larger selection of meat-free food than other buffets. Delectable salads, esp the heirloom tomato and fresh mozz. Most fresh buffet food so far. Prime rib. . Cons:. Mediocre Asian food section: dim sum = steamed cha shiu bao, vegetarian egg rolls, a bit too much like Chinese take-out. Crepes: very soggy and weird chocolate flavor. Ew.. No sugar added desserts- good to offer, but very poor on taste. . A definite bonus was that I did not feel incredibly sick afterwards, as I had after the last two buffets I patronized!. . Would definitely come back when I"m ready to gain another pant size and spend $48 on food for the day!
I was entertaining my friend from Japan and we came here specifically to sit in the garden andenjoy our buffet in the Alice in Wonderland like surroundings. It's a fantastic place for photos. If it wasn't so cute I would have probably chosen the buffet at the Cosmo because the food there looked like more foodie deliciousness but the ambiance added a lot to our experience here.. . We had timed it perfectly arrived around 10:30 and were there for the tail end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch for the breakfast prices. Unexpectedly awesome! So that meant we ate twice as much because there were twice as many things to try.  Ugggh we were such fattty's we didn't leave till 2 lol then we had to stroll down to the pool and nap it off. . . Highlights for me were the smoked salmon, the fruit soups for breakfast, the pea risotto, and the steak they had at lunch. My friend had eaten at the red rocks buffet earlier in the week and she said they didn't have steak on their buffet and she was there for dinner. Gasp! She enjoyed the red meat and the numerous pre-made salads in the cute little serving cups. . . We both liked the cream puffs and I couldn't get enough of the creme anglais. I could just drink that straight out of the container it's so delicious and many people don't use it because they don't know what it is. What a shame. . . Satisfying buffet. You do have to wait a bit if you want to sit in the garden area but I'd say it's worth the wait. Our server cleaned away our plates but he made sure I saw him clean it every single time. He would come over and chit chat with us before taking away our old plates which I think was nice.
Great food. Huge lines. Reserve a table if going for the weekend brunch. Food was very good, not excellent, but really good and a lot of variety. Service was good as well, not to mention the decor was really good too. Highly recommended.
Their food is good. Not a fan of buffets but this one has a really nice salad bar, something that many buffets often neglect. I've been here once earlier this year and I still dream and cry for their Yorkshire pudding. . . Yorkshire pudding is a savory roll/souffle normally eaten with prime rib and damn you Wynn for setting the standard so high. I have searched at other places with Yorkshire pudding but that search is in vain. Every other Yorkshire pudding I've had has been disgustingly dry and burnt. I look forward to going to Vegas again just to pay $35 for those little soft rolls of delight. Until then, I can only gaze at my phone's wallpaper of Yorkshire pudding and dream with yearn and loneliness, separated from my one love.. . If anyone knows of a place in SoCal with comparable Yorkshire pudding, please let me know! I grow weary of this long-distance relationship.
My parents took me here for my 19th birthday. I'm still grateful. We're tight on budget, but they still gave me an amazing 19th birthday. Then buffet for dinner? This place was good. I liked that they had different cuisine's at this place. Very clean and polite servers. I don't regret and would highly recommend to anyone that wants to eat a buffet to go here for dinner! :)
We went to this buffet after a long night out in Vegas...go figure! We were told the regular line was a 45 min to one hour wait. Whoa. No thanks. BUT - the VIP line was nothing - and was an additional small fee which included an adult brunch beverage. Our stomachs could not last an additional hour so we went right in and got our mimosas. The buffet did the trick - offered up a lot of selections - I am wondering how it would have differed at lunch. Brunch is kind of a weird time to gauge the overall quality of a buffet. I can say that I was a little disappointed in their salad section - but that could be different at lunch time? And they did run out of salmon at one point....after I took the last two pieces. Whoops. I always love a build your own omelet bar. Never fails to make me happy. Desserts were great - loved the gelato selection - although by the time we got to dessert I was totally full. Where were the crab legs? Could have used some of those!!!!
I'm so sad that I had to take away 1 star because this place gave me the runs!!! Besides that, everything were so good! I enjoyed their poke, crabs, KOBE beef (1 bite from my Hubby), and dessert!. . Was it worth the wait and the price? Not really because I only had 2 crab legs and 1 and half plate of food. I ate about $15 worth of food.
Top quality as far as buffetts go and top dollar. Huge selection if you can't find anything to eat then should find a Nathans Hot Dog stand because the only food not offered is hot dogs.
The prettiest buffet setting you could ever fathom.- (not including the Raffles Hotel in Singapore)... ok not comparable.. .   There were several chef stations, the ingredients were all fresh and the cleanliness was impeccable,  dessert area is awesome! . I wish they had more selection of Breads... and they had bagels and no toaster or cream cheese next to them!
There was many vegan options but I wish it was more tasty!. . Im a meat eater and my friend was vegan. The Chef personally showed us what was Vegan and what they can make for us.. Like:. Pizza, We only wanted one slice from that big pizza so it seemed kinda a waste so we took 2 each. I was walking around and found few more people that were vegan so I didnt feel too bad after that.  My first vegan pizza was just alright. It had so much veggies on it so i had to take all the bell peppers off. Also vegan cheese for the first time... it was very different and ... slimy =/ but it was good. My Vegan friend didnt like the cheese or the pizza. it was just alright.. . The next personalized food was the soup. They gave us tomato soup. I thought it was just okay too... bland and my friend doesnt even like tomato soup! HAHAHA.. . So since i was the meat eater I just had to try a little bit of everything haha! well i felt bad after cuz i got so much just to try and it was thrown away after one bite =(. at least the piggy will be well fed lol. Some food was good and some were dry =( . . Dessert was alright too, the hard candy apple was soft in the middle (not crispy) so ew. The only i liked was the mango sorbet! :D I had to get one 2 go. and also they make Sorbet cookie sandwich!
This was probably the best buffet i've ever had but im not a buffet person so take that with a grain of salt. At $50-ish per person, it isn't cheap but it came comped with my room so that made it a no brainer.. . They've got the typical variety of food but it was all largely very good quality stuff. . . Where as at a typical buffet you might have a salad bar - a Cesar salad and some other run of the mill salad with a bunch of vegetable bins -  here you have your choice of quinoa salads, beet salads, asian chicken salad, etc.Basically its a buffet but the dishes are things you might order at a higher end restaurant so it isn't just higher quality ingredients.. . The crab legs line was out of control, people were loading their plates up to the top with crab legs and then holding the mountain down with the other hand to prevent the legs from flying off. Kind of hilarious..i mean...you can come back for more sooo whats the deal...? . . The dessert station is pretty sweet. Lots of little shooters and little cakes so you can try a dozen different ones without feeling like a fat turd after wards. They were mostly very good too!. . The sushi/sashimi was the only bummer. I don't even remember seeing any sashimi and the rolls were strangely tiny with a tiny bit of fish in there. I ended up skipping it and you should too. No point in filling up on a roll of rice and seaweed.. . Overall I wouldnt mind coming back here.
This was my very first Vegas buffet and I honestly had no idea what to expect. Lets just say I was very impressed! After speaking with lots of Vegas folk, it would seem I made the right choice with Wynn. There was not much to be disappointed in. At around $50 per person (included unlimited mimosas and champagne - cheaper otherwise), I basically pigged out for about 2 hours on a large range of food - anything from sushi (average) to pizza (yum) to slabs of meat (wow!) to breakfast foods (amazing) to veggie / vegan options (so cool!) etc. I cant even remember everything I ate. It was so much. And every time I finished a mimosa our waitress was refilling my glass. I think I had 9 in under 2 hours. Hows that for a bargain? . . Lets talk dessert. After stuffing my face I remembered I hadn't even looked at the desserts yet - to which an entire room is dedicated! gelato, cakes, cookies, cupcakes, chocolate treats, it went on and on. . . The only reason I gave it 4 stars vs 5 stars is that once in a while a food item (sushi for example) tasted just average. Not everything was perfect and even tho they had a big selection I wished there was just a little more variety.. . Will I return? Absolutely. It will be a Vegas staple for me from now on. Not to mention you get to walk through the GORGEOUS Wynn Hotel. By far the most beautiful on the strip.
Beautiful buffet.  The restaurant looked so pretty to the eyes and the food stations were set up very classy.  We went for Sunday brunch and  it was a score!. . PROS:. The prime rib was delicious.  They had different types of homestyle and fancy cooked vegetables.  Their thin pizzas were excellent, they had special toppings on a few.  Scrambled eggs were good, not runny. Bacon was thin and crispy.  Omelets were a perfect 1 person size.  They had a red velvet pancake station made to order!  Best highlight was that they had Mabo tofu and XO greenbeans w/ fried tofu in their chinese section!  AND it tasted Wonderful!  Their Caesar salad was one of the best I've tasted anywhere, the dressing was very anchovy flavored.  Dips and spreads for your breads, crostinis and crackers, cheeses and meats.  There's much more.. . The desserts were VERY good.  And the presentation was perfect.  Waiters were all very pleasant and went the extra mile.. . CONS:. Their sushi section and Italian section needs ALOT of work.  Sushi selection was very limited and whatever was out was old and crummy looking.  There were only 3 Italian dishes, all three were boring.  They also only had crab legs and cooked cold shrimp.  I expected a little more variety for the big price that was paid before entering, but maybe that's what they normally serve for brunch?. . Although the Aria buffet was just as delicious but smaller, I would definitely go again to the Wynn, can't wait!  Going back this weekend to Vegas, so we'll see if this will be the destination or if it will be the wonderful Aria buffet......
My first time trying the Buffet at Wynn for dinner and it's not shabby at all! First of all I love the setting, it was beautiful! Not too busy either since it was a Thursday evening. And for the price of $35...they had a lot of good dishes, especially must try is the Prime Rib. . . I really like the setting of this buffet, everything looks so organized, spacious and clean. They had a good variety of foods however I didn't think the sushi station was all that great....I would say they have a lot of more meat dishes than anything else...but if you're a meat lover, like myself, it's perfect. . . The dessert section was interesting...they had no sugar added pies and cakes which is nice for those that can't eat very sweet stuff but they also had mini candy apples! I didn't try one but they looked really good...they also had chocolate lollipops and my favorite creme brulee. . . Overall I would love to come back to this buffet, couldn't complain about fair price and good quality and much variety!
Had lunch on on 12/17. Probably the fourth or fifth time over past 5 years I've visited and the food here is consistently good quality. Now it is a buffet so don't expect a five star experience, but there are definitely more hits than misses, and if you are staying in the area (Wynn and sister Encore are at one end of the Strip), it's worth a stop,
Went here with a bunch of my co-workers on a random trip to Vegas. We figured going to an AYCE buffet instead of a regular sit-down would be easier to go to with a large group. I've always wanted to try the Buffet here at the Wynn from word of mouth. For a Saturday night (7pm), we were seated fairly quickly. . . There are many different types of food here, from crab legs to prime rib. Their meats are great. They didn't have much of a sushi selection though and no sashimi. The other items I tried were good too. Dessert is great too, but I only a few samples because I was already too full. . . However, even though it was good, I didn't feel it was the best buffet I've been to in Vegas. I've gone to a few that are just as good, but are cheaper as well. I'm glad I got to try it, but I probably won't make it back here in favor of the other Vegas AYCE buffets.
Great buffet, fresh seafood. The line wasn't that long. Overall great experience.
I love that this buffet is called... "The Buffet" ...straight to the point! I went for lunch, and I think that is the least glutinous option for a Vegas buffet. The spread is pretty moderate. At  $25, it was pretty reasonably priced. The food was really good! Way better than my opinion of buffet food. It's pretty comparable to the Bellagio and the new Ceasars buffet. . . I loved that they had seasonal foods , like roasted butternut squash (so good!) and pumpkin ravioli. The roasted brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes were great as well as the lamb meatballs. Keep up the good work Wynn...i will be back! . . Icing on the cake? We were given a CD courtesy of Mr. Wynn of the upbeat "vibe" music played in the buffet.... we listened to it all the way home!
This is a great, great buffet. They have everything you'd want a buffet to have. The wholelayout of the buffet is great. Probably the nicest ambiance for a buffet anywhere in Vegas.. . We went with a group of 10 or so for dinner Friday night. The wait was minimal and the staff was great about accommodating us and getting us seated quickly. . . The food selection is pretty standard mix of buffet fare. I particularly loved the crab legs. The Wynn also has the best deserts of any buffet we visited. Hands down. Not even close. They crush on desert.. . 100% worth a visit and 100% worth the price.
I say the best buffet in Vegas!. . They have a huge selection of food from seafood, meat, pasta, etc. But I have to say that my favorite at the Buffet is the Coffee Ice Cream! Best coffee ice cream I've ever had!!! The taste & texture... yum yum yum ^^. . I say the buffet at Wynn beats the one in Bellagio! If you are looking for a buffet, this one is a pretty good one to go to.
I haven't tasted other buffet in Vegas. As far as I known, this one is really good! Gonna have it again with my friends next time I come to Vegas.
I went here for brunch on a Sunday and waited for a little over an hour to be seated. The view is stunning and the waiter was very attentive with re-filling drinks and clearing plates. The selection at this buffet was amazing - everything ranging from prime rib, sushi, pizza, seafood, and a spectacular array of desserts. For ~$70/couple, I wold say that the food and service was definitely worth it.
One of the best buffets I have EVER been to.. . The layout is very well organized. . Of course, a place like Wynn is going to have a certain level of quality and selection, but this was just OUTSTANDING!!! . . Our server was very friendly (and spoke English) and took care of our plates as we emptied them. Kept out water full and made suggestions for combinations. He aso received the highest tip we have ever left for a buffet server.. . Highights:. . Kobe Meatloaf. Venison Roast. Rosemary Pheasant . Pumpkin Ravioli. Great Sushi. . We took our time, stayed for 2 hours and even had coffee.. I will go back and I will bring many people. If asked, I will suggest this in my top 3 buffets in Vegas.
The good life is . . . well, freakin' awesome.  If you want to have the luxury of choosing a plate full of well-prepared Italian, Chinese, American, Indian, Carribean, and Japanese food, you'll have to pay for it, but man oh man is it tasty.. . Ringing in at $25 for the lunch, the Encore Buffet ain't cheap.  It's to be expected.  The Encore is built around luxury.  And it charges for every element of it.  But for the $25 lunch, you'll get one of the best buffets in Vegas.  Not the best meal in Vegas, but one of the best places in Vegas to sample cuisines from 10+ regions.  The desert table is flat out delicious--hard not to succeed with various chocolate treats made from quality chocolate.  . . All in a charming decor and sunny atmosphere.  It's a quality upscale Vegas buffet.
Top notch boofay of boofays. Sushi and seafood is amazing.  Brunch is always amazing here. The desserts are the prime reason to go here. I can't get enough. The only thing to improve to make this a 5 is the staff. Although they work hard it's certain they have too many tables to attend to. Certainly nice. Just runnin' their azz off to get everyone and pull plates away fast. we had some stack up on different visits. Still, I love this buffet.
This a review from a vegetarian perspective. I found some stuff to eat but honestly not much more than the Rio Buffet. I go for variety at buffets and would have liked to see more. The food they did have was good but there was nothing spicy there. I did like that it did not feel crowded and the seating was good. Have to try the fresh pasta (the best thing).
Very good buffet with Steve Wynn's reputation for not going cheap shown through the selection of very fine food to choose from.  The selection of food was very interesting a lot of stuff you don't see at a typical buffet like Kobe Meatloaf, Veal on a rib, some special Italian dishes.. just the list goes on and on. . . Steve Wynn gave this buffet a nice comfy feeling like your inside someones kitchen or house with very beautiful decor around the place. . . Quality, selection, and style all come together in a great outstanding buffet.
Hands down one of the BEST buffets in Vegas. Ringing at $39 for dinner on a Saturday night it's definitely not cheap but their menu isn't either. The selection of food is fine and you can taste the quality in their dishes. . . Lobster ravioli was one of my favorites and the PRIME RIB is on point! . . Not a fan of the sushi section though. Hand rolls were small, rice was hard. All in all, just avoid that corner. . . High quality food and a good selection. I will definitely be back on my next Vegas trip :)
The best Buffet on the strip, pricey but you pay for what you get and the food is top shelf, chefs are top shelf, waite staff outstanding.  You expect the best from this place this was a very enjoyable experience.
Went here for a $26 lunch buffet. Good food, but lunch does not have the higher end items. The beef brisket was the best. And remember to save room for dessert. Mango ice-cream was awesome.
Guys must wear shirts with sleeves, even when the weather is ridiculously hot in Vegas.  Pricy, but the food and interior make up for it.  Lots and different choices of things to be put on the your plate. Their desserts are actually good compared to other buffets. Their corn on the cob is super delicious!!!
We just got back from the Wynn a few hours ago.  Great hotel and Buffet.  We've been to about 20 buffets in Vegas and the Wynn buffet is probably in the top 3 for us...  Read my other posts to find out our top two.    We hit the seafood buffet for dinner and it was $40.  It was worth it for sure.  Crab legs, shrimp, prime rib ?  Come on now Vegas lovers-- That is all you have to say.  All good.  Deserts were superb.   The lunch buffet was $ 25 and I liked it even better.  No crab legs or unlimited shrimp or prime rib... but they had braised beef and turkey carvings... and great fish (smoked salmon was my Fav.).      You cannot go wrong.
Came here for the breakfast buffet and really enjoyed it.  The selection was massive - on top of your typical eggs, potatoes and bacon selections, they had roasted ham, an omelet station, an Asian station (with porridge, egg rolls, dumplings and baos), a pancake station with your selection of regular or red velvet pancakes, waffles, a seafood station (no crab legs for breakfast but smoked salmon), and an amazing dessert selection with cupcakes, chocolate dipped marshmallows, cookies, croissants, rice krispies, cheesecakes and a whole ice cream bar where you can create your own ice cream sandwich.  All for just $20 a person!  We had a small breakfast the day before at the cafe in the Wynn which cost $20 total - it's almost more worth it to just do the buffet and pay an extra $20!
As buffets go, it's good.  They put in effort, many of the dishes were classed up.  There's a good variety in types of food.  But 10 minutes after getting my first plate, I decided I was done with buffets.  And to have my last one at the Wynn meant ending on a high note.
I really wish there were half stars so I could give this place a 4.5. It's definitely expensive, but that's really the only negative comment I have. Me and the boyfriend came here for dinner on seriously empty bellies, and The Buffet did not disappoint. The highlights for me were the sushi rolls, mashed potatoes (O-M-G-good), bruschetta, and pesto pasta. But there's so many other things worth mentioning: crab legs (pre-cracked for your convenience), curry potatoes, Italian cold-cuts, a million different salads and meats; the list goes on forever. There is definitely no shortage on variety. I'm not a big dessert lover but the creme brulee was yummy, as were the mini apples. There's also crepes, cakes, gelato, candies, etc. It is truly a vision. The wait staff is very nice, and this place does have wonderful ambiance. Hands down one of the best buffets I've ever been to.
Let me say, I am not a big buffet fan because I usually get full on plate #2 which is a waste I know. However this luxurious place containing sixteen stations with everything from sushi to hand sliced bacon to cheese and cold cuts, Mexican, seafood, Japanese, Prime Rib plus omelets made to order, chorizo and eggs, pizzas, pastas, fruit and every type of dessert you can think of including gelato between two cookies? Just a decadent display of the most magnificent buffet you could ever visit. This has to be the super bowl of buffets, all for $39 bucks! For 16 bucks more you can have unlimited mimosas. Fast and friendly service but get there early...the line wraps around the casino!
Great food and plenty to choose from. However the salad bar was very small and not a lot of options. . . Wait was not to long and the cashiers were very engaging which was nice. . . will be back. one of the better buffets in town. a little pricey.
Really good food! Great variety. Not a fan of the crowd it attracts. I'd rather the Aria's buffet that's also great, less expensive, and really only attracts guests of the hotel.
The buffet at Wynn is the best buffet in Nevada that i have has so far.  The selections are great.. Especially the prime rib and the pizzas.  The choices in desserts are plenty and the gillatos are yummy.  It was worth the experience!
Now first off, you must throw out your notion of what a buffet is where you come from.  This is not one of those places where you pile as many peel and eat shrimps on your place, while you madly pile drive past hungry sharp elbowed grandmas who are horning in on the freshly cooked oysters, meanwhile you're blithely ignoring the nasty look the staff is giving you as you try to balance three plates at once.. . No, this is a place you go and get a little bit gussied up.  You're entering some strange Miyazaki buffet wonderland styled by Gourmet Magazine.  You are still surrounded by tourists, but you are all equally awed by the presentation & effort put forth at the buffet tables.  . . I spent a lot of time looking around for discounts, and figured that that any discounts came with a lot of effort, so just suck it up and pay full price for it.  I recommend coming for lunch, which will make it $25 ish per person.  Yowsa, right?  But then again, this is high end food, in a high end casino, in high end Las Vegas.  You are going to hand your wallet over to the nice cashier & smile pretty when she thanks you.. . Everything I tried was at the very least quite tasty, if not amazing.  And I give kudos for the dessert area.  Most buffets I ignore everything but soft serve.  Crappy ice cream, but there is a something about it....I digress, I am a food snob when it comes to dessert.  I from the SF Bay Area, we know ALL about dessert.  A little pretty presentation will not disguise ineptitude.  But I got none of that here, all the desserts tried were tasty!. . Big plus, Steve Wynn, a recently converted vegan, went on campaign to veganize all his properties.  As a result, every food place has a lot more vegan options (if not an entire separate vegan menu thatyou can request).  At every buffet station there were posted discrete notices reminding you that you are always free to ask the staff to accommodate any food change requests (although presumably in moderation).  I removed 1 star only because the omelet staff person convinced my vegan that egg beaters were vegan.  So, you vegans out there be sure to double check your food if you don't want to be bummed!  Oh right, vegan alfredo sauce kicked serious butt!
Great variety, even just for breakfast. We ended up getting seated about 10:30 AM, so we were able to have breakfast and lunch while only being charged for breakfast.. . The scrambled eggs are just OK, but the made to order omelets and mini Belgium waffles were really good. Their little selection of vegetarian enchiladas, pico, and black bean salad were all really tasty. The ma po tofu was fantastic, as were the spring rolls and garlic vegetables. The salad bar was adequate, and the other breakfast staples, like oatmeal and fruit, were all adequate.. . The sushi was disappointing and dry, but the pizza was good. The desserts were hit and miss. Some were really great, like the passion fruit tapioca pudding, but some other things, like the mini cakes, were dry.. . Overall, many things were good, some were delicious, and a few were disappointing. The restaurant is beautiful and the service is pretty good. I would recommend going for an earlier meal to save some money while still getting to enjoy the great variety.
A great place to try new food...  Not as good as Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal, but better than every other buffet I've tried.  . . Really, it's worth at least one visit.
I was very impressed with how the management answers questions regarding food allergies and special diets. I wanted to know what was gluten free and a friend wanted to know what was vegan. The manager brought out one of the executive chefs to give us a tour of the buffet and explain what we could each order. How often are you offered such special treatment? Numerous gluten free and vegan options. . . The food overall was quite good and vast in its variety. Several dishes however were just okay in taste. The lamb was tasty but a bit tough, even at medium rare. . . Our drinks were always full, plates cleared immediately. We took our time and did not feel rushed.. . I give them 5 stars on service, 4 on food.
The gf and I went to this buffet during Presidents Day weekend. It was pretty good. The selection was good meats and dessert. The crab legs were good too even though they did get a little soggy. Everything was pretty good quality. The buffet was 37$pp which was actually cheaper than wicked spoon that weekend. We went to wicked spoon and the consensus was that the wynn buffet was more preferable for us.
Typically, I'm not a fan of buffets, but I would have to say this is the best buffet I have ever been to. At first, I thought the name was rather contentious, but this is definitely "The Buffet" of all buffets. If I had to do just one buffet while in Vegas, this would be the one.. . The first thing I noticed while stepping onto the line was the smell. The aroma of food was fantastic and awakening to my senses. I made sure I came here on an empty stomach with a mean appetite, and it was well worth it. . . The Buffet has an extravagant selection of food to choose from, and everything is presented very well. The selections are quite creative as well in contrast to most standard run-of-the-mill buffets. . . The decor is bright and colorful in a cute, very floral sort of way. The service is very good as well, from the empty plates being pre-bused and frequent drink refills. I came here for dinner on a weekday, and although the price may seem a little steep at first glance, it is quite competitively priced for all that you get as well as the dining experience.
Wow!  Talk about food overload.  This is not your typical buffet that you would think of in Vegas.  We ate here once for both breakfast and dinner.  This place has lots of high quality food on the buffet, much of which is home made.  For breakfast they had a fantastic pancake station, along with omelette's.  For dinner, they have a pasta station where they will make pasta with any kind of sauce you want.  They had some very different dishes like jalapeno and cheese chicken sausage.  When you go here you pretty much just want to grab a bunch of different things and try it.  Don't try to eat it all, because it's not possible.  For dessert, they have home made ice cream, cake, cookies, brownies, and at dinner they even had a crepe station.  This is unlike any buffet you will go to.  I highly recommend it if you are staying at the Wynn or Encore.  While it may seem a little pricey for a buffet, you'll understand why once you get inside.  Like anything else, you get what you pay for.  If you want the cheap $8.99 buffet with low quality frozen food, go downtown.
It's exactly what you think it is. Massive portions of thousands of options. It's gaudy, over-the-top, excessive. It's the reason non-Americans hate America. It's sort of awesome.. . Four stars, not five, because they were really disorganized up front with our free meal vouchers and sort of made us feel like we were idiots for not knowing how their inane system worked.
Long ass line...but worth it. Only thing is I think it was better last year...
Been here at least 4 times.  The quality of the food definitely reflected for the price you pay. Amazing dessert selection!  Gelato bar + mini cupcakes, shot dessert cups, cookies, candied apples.... . Dinner has giant crab legs, already pre-sliced in half!  Not only do they do the hard work for you, the flesh tastes so sweet and fresh like they spray it with sugar water.... . My parents being super picky eaters and food snobs of restaurants liked The Buffet. Need I say more?. . Suggestion: do avoid high season/peak times unless you are willing to wait 40 mins - 2.5 hrs!  Worth the wait though, especially with our smartphones in hand to keep us entertained.. . I also don't think the additional cost of champagne to their lunch price (+$15 per person) is worth it, as they seem understaffed in refilling drinks.  Meaning you might receive 1 refill, if you flag down a server.
Lunch was about $65 for 2 people on a Monday.  Just the experience of being able to eat 50 different things in one meal is definitely worth the visit.  I had to sit for like an hour after our meal because my stomach hurt from eating too much... -___-. . Pear Mojito was pretty delicious too but not very strong.  We regretted not getting the unlimited champagne option since orange juice is free - mimosas!  We also forgot to get the gelato in our food coma.... . Desserts are insanely delicious, but the food wasn't really as good as I thought it'd be.  I wouldn't come back again, but it's worth one trip for sure!
Like a kid in a candy store - this place is a wonderland.  Probably the best buffet I've ever experienced.  So much variety!  This would be 5-star but some of the items were too dry - left under the heating lamps too long - creating an unfortunate experience in that regard.  . . The Dessert Bar is the best part of the entire thing.  Save room for dessert!
I first came to this buffet years ago when it first opened and then again about two years ago, so on my most recent visit, I didn't know what to expect. Knowing it's the Wynn, you expect quality and that's what you get, even with their buffet. . . We arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday and were pleasantly surprised that there was no line at all. We walked right in and were seated quickly. Service started a little slow, but once our server came by to get our drink orders, refills were plentiful and timely. . . I started with seafood and was a little disappointed with their seafood selection. I decided to stick with the other food selections and was quite happy with them. My favorite item of the evening was the watermelon salad. It was absolutely amazing. Every time I walked up to get some people were grabbing two or three at a time, luckily the line chefs kept replenishing the supply. I had three servings myself. The desserts and carving station food were pretty good as well. . . It's pretty pricy, but what's not on the strip, much less a high end hotel such as the Wynn. Definitely one of the better buffets on the strip.
This was my first of two buffets that I had in Vegas. I also went to Wicked Spoon and I actually prefer that over the Wynn buffet. This buffet is pretty legit and buffets in the bay CANNOT compare to the Vegas buffets whatsoever. . . I read reviews on how people got in a bit early and paid for the cheaper brunch buffet and then you get the best of both worlds because you get brunch and they slowly bring in the dinner food. However I didnt know about the timing and missed it by a few minutes. Brunch ends at 3pm and dinner starts at 3:30pm and I came right after 3pm. They close during that half hour so I couldnt pay the weekend brunch price of $31.99 but instead paid for the $39.99 dinner. That sorta sucked because I wanted to try their brunch food as well. There was already a line forming for dinner so we just went in line for that. . . The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and so decorated. It is an explosion of color and flowers when you first enter and I prefer the ambiance here than at Wicked Spoon. It is way bigger and it looks like the food goes on forever and ever. I can go on about all the different foods there are but anything you can think of, they will have it. I had their prime rib and I thought it was pretty good. I am not much of a seafood person but to get the biggest bang for your buck, they have endless crab legs for you. I was more excited about the dessert selection because there were cookies, marshmallows, cakes, candied apples, macarons, tiramisu, and SOO MUCH MORE. I think the photos will give you a better idea of the ridiculous amount of choices you can get. The quality of food is awesome but I just found Wicked Spoon had the upper hand on the selection and quality.  . . **TIPS**. 1) Get in at 2:30pm so you can get some brunch and then you will be around for their delicious dinner as well. Cheaper as well!. 2) Get ready for the food comaaa.. 3) Enjoy!
I came for breakfast on Monday morning at around 10:30 and it was $20 per person. I would recommend coming around this time if you can because you pay the breakfast price and get to eat both breakfast and lunch! Sodas and juices are included in the price of the buffet as well. My favorite things that I tried were the roasted cauliflower, corn, and mango sorbet. Everything tasted pretty average and nothing really stood out to me taste wise. I personally liked the Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan better but this buffet is definitely worth a try!
Not my favorite buffet but my experience here was great! We waited in line for about 30 mins to get a table. We were welcomed with such a beautiful sight in their atrium area. It was bright, colorful, and beautifully decorated. The receptionist seated us there but because it was by the entrance where all the people in line can watch you eat, we asked for a different table inside. They were very accomodating and had us moved right away. . . Food selection was not overwhelming. It was just enough to really enjoy what was good. My favorites are the carving station which had prime rib and a slab of bacon, their orecchiette pasta with pesto and pine nuts, maple fried chicken that went well with their bacon waffles, congee station, and the shrimp cocktail. . . Around 3pm, they closed the pancake station so I was disappointed I didn't get the chance to try their blueberry corn pancake. But lo and behold, they started changing the dishes for the dinner buffet!! Roasted leg of lamb and turkey was added on to the carving station, pancake station converted to pasta station, the seafood selection widened with the addition of ahi poke salad, fresh oysters and KIng crab legs, while in their dessert area, they opened up a crepe station! For $35, I think it was well worth it! . . Shoutout to our server who was ever so efficient in getting and refilling our beverages and taking our dirty plates away. I wish I had gotten his name. But God bless you! . . Tip: Steer clear from their sushi and hot asian dishes. Not impressive at all. Save space for the other better dishes on the buffet.
We actually came here twice, once for dinner, and again for lunch. We really liked dinner so we were actually hoping that lunch would something different and good too, but it was really the same food so the second time was a little disappointing, mostly because we wanted some new stuff. That being said, we did come a second time because we really liked their food and atmosphere, service is alright and there wasn't too much of a line either times that we went. So to the foods:. . Peking duck has too much Hoisin so you should probably ask for it on the side if you want it.. Crab legs were good, they're cut in half so it's easier to eat.. Tuna ceviche was good the first time we went, though tasted like it'd been sitting out too long the second.. Fried turkey was GOOOD. Like really. Go get it.. Beef shanks was good according to the bf, I'm not much of a red meat person.. Prime rib was also REALLY good according to the people we went with.. Corn with lime chili was yummy but I really just like corn..  . I don't remember what else but there's a whole room for desserts!! And an ice cream guy too. Lots of cookies and normal stuff though, nothing to rave about.. . Oh and dinner was around 40 and lunch was 26 I think
Aboslutely wonderful!  I think I'm still full and I ate here three days ago.  It's impossible not to fill up here with SO many options.  There was a red snapper dish on the buffet that day that I literally could have eaten pounds of (maybe I did)!  The Asian selections were quite good.  Lots of Italian options as well.  And, do you like meat?  Well, you'll not find the Buffet lacking   in protein options...three types of sausages, flank steak, pork roast.  What a feast!
Haiku Review. . You! The hungry one!. Be careful! Take small portions!. Try everything!. . Go at 3:30. And you can eat lunch, and stay. for some great dinner. . The interior. is not as impressive as. some reviewers say. . One bit of this and. one bite of that. I am full.. Then go back for more!
Very good, not cheap, but not unreasonable either.  We sat near the seafood station and I just kept getting up to get the crab and shrimp and mussels for both my husband and I.  The one deterent is the stations are all over, you don't necessarily see them all, and that may be planned, but very nice overall.  . . It is a shame one cannot eat so much as to visit every station...
They had such a wide variety of cool and new foods, along with the normals. I went for brunch, well worth it. I mean I didnt eat again that day. I recommend the 15 dollar all you can drink, the mimosa's were excellent. I would definately go back here. So much to pick from on the buffet that you couldnt possibly try it all.
Haiku Review. . You! The hungry one!. Be careful! Take small portions!. Try everything!. . Go at 3:30. And you can eat lunch, and stay. for some great dinner. . The interior. is not as impressive as. some reviewers say. . One bit of this and. one bite of that. I am full.. Then go back for more!
Enjoyed our brunch here at wynn - impressed with the food choices (omelet stations, carving stations, asian station that has lugaw/congee!, etc etc). also their coffee is good and strong, just the way i like it.  i didnt get to try everything, but i thought it would be worth a dinner visit...
Went today with friend for the Brunch Buffet, the food was real good very fresh and service was good too.  My only item was the the lady taking the payment at the check counter was grumpy and had the wrost attitude.  It wasn't busy it was rather slow and there was no one in line and she barked at us and was down right rude!  We will go back for the food, beward of the mean lady in her sixy's with the glass, she will chew your head off, make sure you have correct change or you have you stations card out and ready because she will chew your head off!
This is like the third time Ive been to Wynn.  Tried lunch and dinner.  Ive always really liked the prime rib, crabs, shrimp and desserts.  Had the peking duck with steamed buns andthey were pretty good.  I  was a bit bummed about the flavor for the crawfish, mussels and clams.  A bummer for my friend was the fried chicken.
This experience was for Brunch on Fathers Day. I anticipated a long line but it was only 25 minutes to get seated. The Buffet is what one expects from Steve Wynn. Elegant and High Quality. The atrium at the entrance with flowers everywhere sets the stage. The dining areas are brightly lit , comfortable seating and tables well spaced. . Service was friendly and attentive. Plates were removed on a timely basis.. The variety of food is extensive. There is something for everyones taste. To many items to mention but here are few that stand out.. Fried Chicken, Prime Rib, Fried Brown Rice with Edamame, large selection of Sushi. Being seated near the Prime Rib station, I noticed they served 2 entire roasts while we were there. Save some room for desserts. The choices are vast.. The Buffet at Wynn has the WOW factor. I am a Fan!!
We ate at The Buffet twice, once for Brunch and once for Dinner (Saturday). . . On Saturday, the oysters were mediocre (as is to be expected from buffet oysters), as were a few other items, but the variety and breadth of options more than made up for the few sub-par choices. The roast beef was phenomenal, as was the lamb. The tequila watermelon cups were excellent, the Peking duck was excellent, and overall, we were impressed with the quality and quantity of items offered at the buffet.. . On Sunday, for Brunch, many of the options were very similar than the ones for the dinner the night before. The roast beef was excellent once again and nicely complimented by a carved bacon. The pancake station offered unique blue corn (as well as buttermilk) pancakes, and we were thoroughly impressed. The buffet is expensive, but the options really do seem to warrant the high prices.
I've been to The Buffet three times for brunch in the past year and haven't been disappointed.  Yes, this place is a bit on the pricey side for a buffet, but this isn't your typical deep-fried buffet.  The decorations, atmosphere, and of course the food are a well-crafted, opulent experience that will please all of your senses.  We've come to expect nothing less from Wynn.  Unfortunately the button that fastens your pants will be FURIOUS!!. . If you're not an early riser (like some of us in Vegas) you should expect long lines, or splurge for the VIP treatment.  In my experience the line is shorter, you'll be seated closer to the buffet line, and includes a complimentary mimosa because clearly you didn't have enough to drink the night before.  What the heck? You deserve it right??
Line is long, but the food is good and the service is great. There is an overwhelming amount of food options, so you won't leave hungry. The small center dining area is very beautiful, so try to get in there. The best area was the dessert section of course ;)
I enjoyed their interior, food and taste. Nothing can go wrong with this place.
I had lunch here with 2 others for $26 on a Monday and I didn't realize I've been here before until I saw the decor. haha We came around 3p to stick around for dinner, when all the seafood and crab legs come out. For a lunch price and to get all that food it was a good deal.. . The quality of food was good, both times. I think it's better than the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. There was a large variety of food all of which were good. Usually, at Vegas buffets, the sushi is crap, but at the Buffet, the sushi was pretty decent. . . The stalls in the restrooms are similar to private rooms, so you can do your business in semi-privacy. You'll load up on food, mull around for an hour, chat it up, unload the load you just put in, then load up again. haha
OMGCRABLEG.. . It's one of the fancier buffets on the strip. Crab legs that have been pre-cut-in-half for you, so you have easy access to the tasty meat? Check. Oysters for days? Check. Made-to-order crepe bar for dessert? Check.. . I think what really sets this buffet apart from the lesser ones is the attention to detail in each dish. Nothing is half-assed. Case in point: the tequila mint watermelon. Yes, they even took the effort of dressing up watermelon with some good ol' alchy, and turned it into one of my favorite things from the buffet.. . Onenote: they won't allow guys in with exposed shoulders, so leave those tank tops in your room and wear a t-shirt, at least.
We arrived around 11am on Sunday, maybe a 10 minute wait in line.  Was seated promptly after paying.  Order for drinks was taken quickly though I had gotten food long before water came (that's why I bring my bottle of water to avoid the choking incidents associated with slow drink service).  . The food was awesome, for the price it's one of the best.
High class buffet in Vegas. You should dress accordingly (Gentlemen: no sleeveless, Ladies: opaque coverups). It's worthwhile and #2 on the top 5 buffets in Vegas (from what I read)! Not the typical buffets you eat anywhere and probably the only buffet I like to eat at. . . There are a few things that are delicious and not so delicious, the dessert bar never fails me! Few notable items to eat at this buffet are the Alaskan crab legs (when it's available), Prime Rib, Venison, and Red Snapper w/ Sweet Chile Cream Sauce. The sushis are okay but you should avoid them because you can eat better sushi elsewhere (Like at Makino). Most of the desserts are delicious! I mostly enjoy eating the vanilla bean gelato, chocolate/peanut butter rectangle, and chocolate chip cookies. Mmm there's always room for dessert!. . On the downside, it's quite a pricey place to eat at ($45 per person), the line could be long (about 20-45 minute wait, VIP line takes you straight to a table for $20 extra or something from what I remember), and the people don't refill your drinks very often. . . If you really want to have a good time at this buffet, take every item from the dessert bar and just try them all out (take a bite out of each)! If you don't like some of the dessert they offer, o well! Just get more of the desserts you like. #TreatYoSelf! You're paying $45 to get in so enjoy! :)
Located inside the Wynn Hotel, I enjoyed The Buffet very much.. . Arriving right when they opened, there was no wait. The snow crab legs were excellent! So sweet and naturally buttery. The prime rib was such a succulent piece of  meat. Juicy, tender, add the au jus plus mash potatoes. YUM! I didn't get to try the maple fried chicken but my party did not like the taste of it. They said it was too sweet. I felt there was not options here but I seriously ate a fair share of crab legs and prime rib. Definitely got my monies worth. The dessert offerings are decent but I don't have much of a sweet tooth. . . . I'd come here again.. . -Give it a try! . . . p.s.: Don't come here when you are drunk, you'll slip into a MAJOR food coma right after. Trust me.
My most recent visit to The Buffet at Wynn was on 7/14. I've literally been here a few dozen times; I'm pretty much a regular player in the poker room (best room by far!), so this is basically free cafeteria food -- 1st world problems :). . Well, the food quality for a buffet is great. Rarely is the food not fresh, but it does happen once in awhile. The decor is beautiful, and the food stations are kept clean and presentable. Most of the hostesses are quite friendly. . . While the food is great, the selections are limited compared to my favorite buffets: the Bellagio and Rio. . . The service is hit or miss. Most of the time it's decent to excellent, but on my latest visit, not one refill. Quite disappointing for a 5-star resort and a $40 buffet. If I had actually paid for the meal, I probably wouldn't come back for a long while. I do appreciate the good waiters/waitresses that have treated me very well over the years (Nicole is one of the best!), however I think it's time to take a break for now.. . Overall 3.5 but rounded up since I'm a little biased -- the Wynn is my favorite casino to hang out at, and includes my favorite poker room.
I have been to this buffet at least a dozen times and three times in the past week.  In my opinion, compared to a year ago, there were a few more "misses" with dishes than before.  Since it's a buffet, if the salmon is dry, you just don't eat it, but it was still disappointing as I am used to loving everything on my plate.  The best things are the cold large shrimp (peeled) and crab legs (cut open lengthwise).  Note that these two items were NOT available at lunch time, only at dinner ... and there is a large price difference.  The prime rib was also only available at dinner.  I think the shrimp used to be offered at lunch and it SHOULD be available at lunch time, so felt a little gyped at that time of day.  I like that there are items that are unusual but still approachable enough that even the fainter of heart might try it ... tequila watermelon salad, venison meatloaf, kale and jicama salad with blue cheese and grapes, ham and broken egg pizza, hot salami,  and so forth.  There are enough options to go more than once and still have many new and interesting things to sample.  You MUST save room for dessert.  Trust me on this.  This is one of the few buffets where the desserts are as good as they look and the sugar on the creme brulle is still solid.  They have some interesting choices here too, like candy apples and mini cupcakes.  If you are picky about your calorie intake, then I suggest the buffet at Luxor which is second in horribleness only to the Sahara (which is now demolished).
The Food there is not Astonishing, but Decent.  Not as much selections as I thought, nor expected since this is one of the best Buffet places in Vegas according to the reviews.  The most eye opening selection there was the "Polish susage" (best I ever had).  Prime rib is tender, just like other 5 Stars on the Strip.  What I like about The Buffet is the atmosphere and the cleaness.  It is spotless everywhere included restrooms.  Im sure you seen restaurants looks extrememely clean, but has dirty restrooms.   I was a restaurant owner and very picky on cleaness.  I hardly see any restaurants is as clean as The Buffet.  I added a "Star" because of it.
The Buffet used to be top notch but this last time I visited it wasn't as stellar as I remember =(. . Before we came I called the Buffet to ask if they served the King crab legs for lunch or if they were for dinner only. I was told there were only available for dinner so we specifically came for dinner so we could eat them. However, when we got there they were not king crab legs, they were snow crab aka much smaller and not as good =( I was really disappointed when I saw they didn't have the King crab... . . In general this buffet is very grandiose; there are so many options it can get overwhelming but I usually try a bunch of things and then choose my favorites to go back to. The meat section with the Prime Rib is always very tasty, and salads are quite good too. I was really happy with the gyoza (potsticker) and chinese bun station this time around, and the seaweed salad and shrimp cocktail was yummy too. I never eat the pizza or the bread because that just fills you up and you have to save room for dessert!! The creme brulee is always good and the creme puffs were light and fluffy and filled with some amazing vanilla whipped cream. The carrot cake was just okay and the raspberry cake wasn't very good so I'd skip that. They also have a great ice cream bar as well =). . Dinner is quite pricey for what you get so I'd recommend going for lunch. I also wasn't pleased when the hostess tried to seat us in the way back when there were plenty of tables available near the buffet itself. We made her change our seat but that was kind of annoying.
We're coming off of an Encore stay that included three buffets (two dinner, one breakfast), so while you'd think I have a lot to say, it all boils down to two words: CRAB LEGS. Those heavenly, succulent, pre-split bundles of goodness. . . I would eat them in a house.. I will eat them with a mouse.. I will eat them here and there.. I will eat them ANYWHERE.. . Without them... hm. The tuna poke was not bad, the fried turkey was delicious, and otherwise a lot of inconsistent dishes, some better one day, others the other day. The veggies were all way too oily (the chili lime corn was good), and the kimchi was sad but a necessary complement to the crab. . . Desserts were excellent, though again, the warm brownie was insane one night, hard the next. My breakfast review hasn't changed from below. . . I've read many divergent reviews about the quality and availability of crab legs at other buffets, so let me say for the Wynn, at least, there was plenty to go around, they were great, and I can't imagine paying $40 for this buffet without the tender flesh of my little crustacean friends.
The Buffet at the Wynn was fantastic.  They have everything that you could possibly want in an over the top Vegas buffet filled with prime rib, crab legs, sushi, and so much more.  The dessert was phenomenal and well worth the sacrifice of saving room.  The decor is like the rest of the hotel, high end and slightly quirky.  The wait can sometimes be pretty long depending on when you go though we got in fairly quickly.  I'd definitely recommend it if you're looking for a good place to gorge yourself.
We went for Saturday brunch. The food was good - prime rib, dim sum, lots of fruits and veggies, and a make your own ice cream sandwich station. It's not a five star because of the long wait time (35 min at 2 pm, lots of empty tables) and the price. I didn't feel the food was worth the money.
Wow. I am not exactly sure how i feel about the Wynn buffet, only because it kind of made me sad that there were so many great things to try and i didnt have the stomach capacity to make it happen :( This was my first Vegas buffet experience, so i dont exactly have a basis for comparison in that regard, but the Wynn buffet is hands down the best i have ever been to. The layout makes it manageable and not overwhelming to find what you want, and everything was very fresh and well stocked. . . . The service was quick and the dining area was very bright, open and inviting. I would be interested to try other buffets in town to be able to better compare this one, but the bar has been set VERY high after this experience. . . . Only drawback are that it's pretty pricey and the line to get in for brunch was very long. I wasn't exactly surprised by any of this, though.
My family ate at the Wynn Buffet just before Christmas in 2008 and enjoyed it very much.  We like buffets and while this one was more expensive than our local, hometown variety, we expected that in Vegas.  All the food we tried was good, some of it was exceptional ... including the desserts, and some spiced orange squash that I nearly had an orgasm over.
The Buffet (Wynn). Las Vegas Strip, NV. 10am Wednesday 8th August 2013. Four Stars. Update. . Apparently, there is a very low dress code which I failed to meet. Rule #1: if you are a guy, you have to wear sleeves.  So I had to buy a Wynn Shirt for $12 which was very painless since it was a nice shirt and it came in small.  . . The weekday buffet is only $20 but it does not have Prime Rib, AYCE peeled Shrimp, or Sushi.  It still was delicious.  The Make Your Own Pancakes was my favorite part.
We were comp'd 2 buffets and given 4 more at a 50% discount. No idea why I got this email, BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH MR. WYNN! We went for Sunday brunch. How sweet of the hostess to seat us next to the dessert ROOM. Yes, there is a whole room of just delicious, tasty and really mouth watering Desserts. I picked one up every time I went by. Then made a special trip at the end to get a dinner plate full. No crab legs on brunch buffet, but there was plenty to eat. And everything was delicious. The Panko Shrimp roll was off the chain and The waffle batter Fried Chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever eaten.  Go, Eat, Indudge, forget the guilt. This is a meal to savor and enjoy. In the top 2 buffets in Vegas, and I live here.
I'm sorry, The Buffet, for giving you 3 stars.  You'll get an extra star because I have finally opened my eyes to the world of buffets.. The food is consistent and good every time I have eaten here.  Having been adopted by the city, I have found myself frequenting buffets and gathering up notes on where to eat and where NOT to eat.  This was definitely a place to eat.  The highlights of this buffet were the harico vert (al dente and delicious!!), the juicy prime rib, brunch, and dessert.  Service has always been top-notch and the ambience is stunning.  It is a place worthy to stand against other buffet behemoths like Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal.  . I will be back again and again.  Mr. Wynn, you do not disappoint.
My husband and I love this place! Inside, you do not get a feeling of being at a "buffet" dining establishment. Lots of whimsical decor to match the Wynn theme is brought inside. Food is good here...we are seafood eaters mainly and the ample crab legs keep us happy. The dessert area is so fun....really upscale desserts and so tasty. Their gelato variety is few, but extremely one of the best gelatos.....definitely, better than Jean Phillipes.
I was pleasantly surprised with this buffet. It is not too expensive and the food is varied and delicious. Their tomato bisque was tasty, the prime rib soft and flavorful, the desserts petite and sweet. I would recommend this buffet! My friends enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and crab legs also.
Three hours, well spent.  Totally ignored their two hours sign.. . This buffet is located in the Wynn and stays consistent with the hotel's decor.  It is absolutely beautiful eating and sitting in this buffets, especially in the main room.. . But, my eyes barely came up as I was totally fixated on eating!  There's a pretty good selection here, a meat carving station, salad station, seafood and more, although I did wish there was more variety - especially in the sushi area - I did pay $40!  But I enjoyed my food here.  Especially the prime rib, and for some reason, mashed potatoes (I don't know why).  Things seemed to be quite fresh and routinely replaced (as opposed to have had sitting around for a while).  And the desserts get their own special room!  Cookies to cheesecakes to crepes. And even gelato, yum.  I had a great time choosing and tasting.. . The servers were also excellent.  Very kind and attentive! I never saw the bottom of my drink glass!
I've been to the Champagne Weekend buffet in the past, and it was delicious!   The place is as beautifully decorated as before, with lovely light and bright buttercup walls.  It always feels super clean and posh. The tables and chairs/boothes are very comfortable and the servers were attentive.. . This time, we went to a weekday breakfast buffet ($20.99 pp) and despite lack of seafood (no crab nor shrimp on the Friday buffet) I enjoyed it immensely.  I knew that it it was a smaller buffet going in, so I felt fine about the other options. I did a walk by all the food to best prioritize, and am happy to report that 98% of all I tasted was great!  . . Highlights that I'd recommend: . +Smoked salmon . +Corned Beef Hash . +Small Fruit parfaits (one watermelon and whisky) other Caprese - delightful. +Blood Orange Sorbet!  It was so refreshing and full of intense citrus flavor.. +Dessert selection was amazing... pity I had no more room to indulge.. . Interesting tastes that I'm happy I tried, but perhaps wouldn't go for again:. -Blue corn pancake with berry butter topping- healthy, but it got cold fast, even though it is made to order at the pancake station.  I'd probably go for good ole buttermilk next time - with the berry butter. . . -Candied Apple. It looks amazing - a glossy candy red apple.  But it was difficult to eat and I had to really put some effort into cutting it with my knife.  Chew with care as the candy shell is rock hard.  Hubby would have preferred a Caramel Apple.. . Bottom line:  a beautiful buffet.  I'd be back anytime.
I'm all about Wynn's Champagne Brunch -- in my opinion, it's the best buffet in Vegas. I've been about five or six times now and it never disappoints. I mean, I'm turning into a pro now -- I'll start with a complete walk through all 16 stations, including the desserts, to plan out how I'm going to tackle it all. Then, I go for it and by the fifth plate, I'm 100% delighted by my experience. Sorry, not sorry.
Pro:. +food was stellar. +dessert was beautiful and tasty. +romantic feeling. +worth every penny. . Con:. -customer service. -waited 15 minutes for someone to ask me what I wanted to drink. -heard hostesses talking trash about every guest that walked in
This place has the very best ambiance - and the worst line... . Like at Bacchanal - disappointed for not having lobster at brunch, but they had some very interesting dishes, and superb desserts! Will return for dinner...
One of the best buffet anywhere..Only gets a 4 star because it's too pricey and long lines. The decor and design is very nice.
Great buffet!! Came here for lunch on Thursday at 3pm. Walked right in with no line. Everything was replenished and tasted great. I really liked their sushi and desserts. Of course, I ate way too much.
I've been coming to Vegas for many years with my family & throughout the years we've tried many of the buffets before they were remodeled & how they currently are now. We've yet to try the Wynn but on this trip we decided it was time for something new. We've seen the reviews on this buffet & were a little skeptical but ultimately decided, "you have to try it for yourself". The Friday & Saturday dinner price is around $40 a person & they have a menu with a few of the items available that night. My dad & I decided to walk around before we paid to eat there.. . Decor: Beautiful. By far one of the most beautiful & well laid out buffets on the strip. It's almost like walking into a fairy tale with the many colors & bright lights. . . Service: Our waitress was very kind, she could have come back a little bit more often but her personality was outstanding the times she did come back. . . & now what everyone has been waiting for, the food.. . I don't know why people have been complaining that the food isn't good. I thought it was one of the better buffets on the strip. The way I see it is, if you leave a buffet wondering where you can get a quick snack at then it probably wasn't good. I left this buffet not wanting to eat another piece of food for a week. The chefs are willing to make you the food items made to order if you have special needs like no dairy or if you're a vegetarian. They don't have a huge load of items which I tend to like better because that means to me quality over quantity. . . My first plate I got the mashed potatoes, a piece of BBQ meatloaf, chicken marsala, the maple fried chicken, a bowl of chicken noodle soup, & some penne pasta. It was all delicious. Nothing was overly salty or greasy & it all tasted pretty damn good.. . I had about 3 plate fulls of crab & shrimp & damn, it was delicious. You can't go to a $40 per person place & not fill up on seafood (unless you're not a seafood person).. . DESSERT:. could have been better. I find that I don't really like most desserts at most of the buffets. They had candy apples which I've never seen before & was excited to try it until I tried to bite into it & almost broke my teeth on the rock hard outer coating. The oreo cake was to die for & the crepes that are made to order was splendid. . . CONCLUSION:. Would I go back to this buffet ? Absolutely.
Great! I liked the desserts better than the actual dinner food though..maybe next time it will be better. FYI-I'm asian so I can say this. But if there Asians, keep an eye on the snow crabs. They'll be gone if you are not aware.
PROS: Never a long wait. Prices are affordable. Prime rib, alaskan crab legs, and oysters!. . CONS: Smaller, compared to the newer buffets.
Ate here for lunch and paid the $15 to skip the line (comes with a glass of mediocre champagne) but it was well worth it.  At $50 each + the $15, it was amazing. Here are things I enjoyed: pesto pasta, rigatoni with red sauce, endless charcuterie and cheeses, fried chicken with honey, meatloaf, mashed potatoes, char sui baos, potstickers, enchilada, bacon waffles, shrimp, sea bass, and every dessert.  I did not like the mushroom and egg puff pastry, it was bland.   Next time I'm going to do dinner, but overall this buffet is the shit.. . Btw: the service was HORRIBLE.  I have never encountered a more miserable waiter in my life.  Also, the women in charge of seating people were slow and incompetent.
Wow. So much to choose from! I ate the king crab legs, oysters, leg of lamb, sushi, and plenty of desserts. I stayed there for about....4 hours! I took my time and enjoyed a bit of everything and could barely walk to see the Mystere Cirque De Soleil show ;) *We went at 4 if we arrived at 330 the end of lunch it would've been cheaper, darn*. . -Lots of assortments. -Small sizes (which I liked because I wanted to enjoy everything). -Ice cream sandwiches, crepes, cakes, cookies. . Try everything!. . My love paid about $98.00 for the two of us, which is why I took my sweet glorious time and made it count. YOLO!
Save your appetite for this place, there is a lot of good food!!!! My only complaint about this place is the ambiance looks like an old fashioned ice cream parlor.
You must come hungry! There are so many choices, so best to do walk thru first to see what is on offer. Nothing worse than piling lots of food on your plate you won't eat, then getting another plate to try other dishes.. My husband doesn't eat meat, gluten, and dairy, so the chef took him for a tour to show him the vegan dishes. So nice this is offered! . The dessert is also abundant, do a walk thru with this too. My favorite was the gelato, around 5-6 different flavors. Loved the vanilla bean and coffee. . I'd come back to this buffet. For all that is offered the price is reasonable. Add $15 for unlimited sparking wine, wine, and beer. I didn't choose it, but it's nice they have that option!
I hate most of the buffets in vegas but this one was pretty damn good. They have a great selection and nothing was spit out bad (like most vegas buffets) there was one section with mini cups of experimental fruits and spices; its a must try and was stand out from the whole buffet.
I've been to a handful of Vegas buffets over the years and this one ranks towards the top. While I enjoyed almost everything I tried, there are a few exceptions, both good and bad. I come from the land of 10,000 lakes but any fresh seafood outside of fish is pretty hard to come by. With that said, I loved their fresh shrimp! Some cocktail sauce, lemon if needed and I'm content to eat just that. I also enjoyed the roasted turkey from the carving station and the desserts were a sweet lovers dream. Pretty sure my sister went into a diabetic coma from all the sugar! . . However, all good things must come to an end. I have two minor complaints about the buffet. First, the restaurant was half empty since it was a Thursday evening, but our server was MIA for quite a bit of time. We had a table of six, and he would end up having to fill three or four of our drinks each time he came by because he had disappeared for awile. Finally, my other issue with this place was the lack of side dishes. There were mashed potatoes, and a couple dishes of vegetables, but not much else. When I'm in a meat paradise, I'd like to have a few options to pair it with, and this seemed to be lacking here.. . Overall, a good experience, but not necessarily great. I would like to go back eventually, but may hit up Wicked Spoon next time before coming here again.
3.5 stars but I'll round up to a 4.  We had great service here:)  Waitress was super nice and brought me a tomato juice even though that one is usually served at breakfast and lunch only.. . I really don't think I eat my worth at buffets.  Came here with the group of friends so we can all eat together.  At $43 a person, there is definitely plenty of food for meat lovers, sushi lovers, pasta lovers and vegetarians alike.  It's nice that they offer vegan and gluten free versions of some dishes but definitely not enough.  . . A few goodies at the buffet: salmon hand rolls, pesto pasta, prime rib.  Those were my favorites.  Everything else was just average.  Cheese selection was rather pathetic.. . Dessert: the lemon tart was good but again, everything tastes mass produced.  As far as buffets go, this place is probably better than the rest.  But I'd rather have quality over quantity these days.
Have been here twice and always leave super full. I like the prime rib and steak most here! I eat a couple slices and really enjoy their desserts too! Their ice cream is bomb! The service is excellent and the atmosphere and decor is beautiful. If I had to stop by a buffet that's not too expensive it would be here!
All around great buffet. The food across the board was prepared well and had a gourmet feel. Even though all the food was great I didn't have that one "wow" dish that made me want seconds. I sampled everything and left satisfied, so it was a successful buffet experience inmy book. . Seafood options were good- sushi rolls, split crab legs, oysters, yum! Everything was super fresh.. Desserts were good and they'll even make you your own ice cream cookie sandwich! My only complaint was that the cookies were hard so it was kind of hard to eat. . Also the wait wasn't very long which is also a plus. The seating area was all split up into a lot of different small rooms. Easy to get lost, but I guess it gives you the illusion of a more intimate dining experience.
Good not great selection, but food is all fresh and tasty. Seafood selection, peeled shrimp, cut king crab and oysters. Luv seafood but it wasn't as good as you would expect it to be. Meats are the highlight, rib eye steak, prime rib, meatloaf, veal, leg of lamb, assorted sausages... I'm a complete sweet tooth, great desserts, cakes, ice cream, gelato, so leave some room.
I have not been to las Vegas prior to this last trip in almost a decade. I remember when the buffets were about quantity and not so much about quality. Then We came to the Wynn Buffet. We waited in line for around a half hour, not a problem because I knew it was in the middle of Dinner and lines also typically mean that they food is good, otherwise why wait to eat it. So we get there get our table and then head to get our food. My jaw dropped as we saw there selection of all you could chose from. They had seafood, Italian with their own pasta station, they had prime rib, cold cuts, cheese, fried chicken, Asian, the list could go on. This was something very special, something that I had not experienced in Vegas before, a gourmet buffet. This was really quite good. The food was good, service was great, the atmosphere was fantastic. You just have to look at the pictures, which don't do it justice, to see the ambiance of where you eat. That being said, While I did like it, I didn't love it. Once of my philosophies is that each meal should be an experience, and while it was, I cannot look back and say that it was amazing, only simply that I would do it again to enjoy good food, but not be overjoyed about it. It is good but nor great.
Everything's pretty okay, I meat to give 3.5 but ill round it to 4.  . Be aware of the long line!!! I wait for about 3 hrs/more and my feet hurt, and there was an lady who yell at us when my parents are join us in line(but that's not the main point).. Overall this buffet is pretty good, but not that worthy to $49.99 per person... I simply dislike the clam chowder soup because it takes too salty than it should be. The fish is not that bad, I just don't like the way it's been cook. Lasagna is great, but the pasta is even better!. They serve turkey since today's Thanksgiving, I wait for a while and the turkey worths it. Crab legs are fresh and they taste great when you add ketchup. I didn't eat much because there's not much impressive food.. Their dessert was amazing!!! I like everything I picked. I recommend the lemon tart and strawberry tart, even though lemon is a bit sour, strawberry is just the right dessert you want to taste. All the cakes are nice but all average.. The waiter is refilling even though we don't ask him to. Orange juice is not sour, this is surprising to me because I have never have any fresh orange juice in restaurant that is not sour.
We got very lucky with the wait as there were only a handful of people in front if us.. . The atmosphere was whimsical. It's beautifully decorated with flowers and bright colors, really stunning. I wish we were sat in that center area with all the flowers but it's okay maybe next time.. . I actually thought there would be a bit more to choose from but of the items I did try were quite good. I had the prime rib, sausage, lime corn, potatoes and a few other items that were quite tasty. I also tried the crab legs. I had wished they were freshly steamed and hot like at Caesars Bacchanal Buffet. I thought they were...ok but not great.. . The desserts were also really good. There was alot to choose from and everything we tasted was delicious. . . We would likely go back as it was pretty good. I just wish, being that it's The Wynn, there was a bit more to choose from, and that their crab legs were served hot instead of on ice.
Always heard of this place, so decided to give it a try.. Before dinner, there's not a lot to choose from. Well, it has smoked salmon that's yummy. And couple of different cheese laid out there. During dinner time, their crab leg is really nice because they have those chopped and easy to eat. They also have some fun dishes, like all the alcohol dipped fruit. Prime rib is also good if you are meat lover.
Got there early.. frankly speaking only reason we got here early is because we didnt even sleep and were still on the tables playing since the night before.  We had coupon for buy one get one free so the day already started on a well note.  No one was in line when we walked there so we were seated quickly.  Well it's a breakfast buffet so there is only so much of everything you can serve. They had eggs, sausage, patties, bacon, waffles, pancakes etc... you know all the yummy stuff anyone can serve during breakfast.  Had me some coffee and OJ and the waiter was prompt.  Clean and bright which is good for us at the time.  Will definitely eat here again when I am too lazy to leave the strip.
Lovely atmosphere and it's quality over quantity. The Mexican food section of this was not overwhelming though, pretty standard. However the rest of the selections were excellent quality and not your typical casino buffet fare. Worth the extra $$.
I seriously think this is one of the best buffets in Vegas. It's focus is on quality over quantity though it is a pretty big buffet and not everything is amazing here but most of what they do is pretty awesome. What wasn't good? The congee station. Wow, really rough and hard to put down. Definitely don't recommend it though I was amazed they even had one. Some of the fish dishes, the fish came out somewhat dry. Some of that sausage has been sitting there for a while so dry and not hot but you can still get some good bites off that station. Dessert has really improved a lot over the years. Use to really suck but has definitely gotten much better.
Yum Yum Yum! This place is definitely 5+stats! But the reason why I gave this a 4star was because the lines are SUPER SUPER LONG(2-3hours) but I understand that it's normal. The thing that makes the lines long are that the people do not clean up the tables fast nor efficiently enough. When standing in their long lines, you can even see some tables being left dirty for 30minutes without anyone cleaning up.
Yum Yum Yum! This place is definitely 5+stats! But the reason why I gave this a 4star was because the lines are SUPER SUPER LONG(2-3hours) but I understand that it's normal. The thing that makes the lines long are that the people do not clean up the tables fast nor efficiently enough. When standing in their long lines, you can even see some tables being left dirty for 30minutes without anyone cleaning up.
