Las Vegas is Sin City for a reason; it celebrates the seven deadly sins. In Vegas, your greatest weakness or vice becomes the source of all your pleasures. We were ready to give into our carnal desires and get down and dirty, indulging our voracious, gluttonous appetites. We wanted to get stuffed with something Hot N Juicy. . . Hot N Juicy is known for their seafood: crab (Dungeness, blue, snow), shrimp, and of course, crawfish. You pick the type of seasoning (Juicy Cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper or the Hot n Juicy Special) and the level of spiciness (mild, medium, spicy or extra spicy). . . We ordered 2 lbs of snow crab legs and 2 lbs of crawfish with Juicy Cajun at medium, 2 pieces of corn, 2 red potatoes, etouffee (a Cajun seafood stew, similar to gumbo), and a side of sweet potato fries. Eating at Hot N Juicy is not an elegant refine affair. It's messy work because they dump a plastic bag of whatever seafood you ordered and you're only protection is the plastic table covering and a plastic bib. You open the bag and dig in.. . The crab meat was very sweet and juicy. It was perfectly cooked. I found that the spiciness of the food depended on the type of seafood because the seasoning is on the outside of the shell. The meat isn't spicy unless you soak it in the sauce first. I found the level of spiciness in the crawfish much higher because the tail meat was much smaller and there was more shell around it, unlike the crab meat where I could pull out large pieces of meat out of the shell. Also I got more spicy sauce from the crawfish because I sucked crawfish heads. After a while my lips got tingly and numb from the Cajun spices. . . I've never had crawfish whole before. I only had them de-shelled. While I love crawfish and the meat was great, I'll never have them whole like that again. The tail meat is rather tiny (I like 'em big -- size matters when it comes to these things). At the end, we looked at the mountain of shell and agreed that it was more work than it was worth. Crawfish is mostly shell and I'd rather pay someone to shell them for me.. . Etouffee was a spicy rice seafood stew. I liked the flavor and the level of spice was just perfect for me. I thought the rice was a tad overcooked and mushy from just sitting in a pot all day, but in general it was enjoyable.. . The boiled red potatoes were much needed as a break from the relentless Cajun spice. They were nice and sweet. The corn is out of season, so not as sweet and juicy as in the summer, but still tasty. The sweet potato fries were crispy and tasty.. . The final price for all of us was $30/person for three people. We gorged ourselves on great seafood and left utterly satiated. Happy ending for us indeed.. . What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. But this is one of the few times where you wish you could get crabs and bring them home with you.
Honestly, if I have never been to the Boiling Crab in San Jose this would have easily been a 5 star rating for me.  I just love the atmosphere of the whole place..from the garlic smell (that follows you through your clothing for the rest of your day by the way) to the get-down-and-dirty style.  Some things just taste better eating with your hands and this is one of those occasions.  Seating did not take very long and our server was very friendly and helpful.  He explained the system to us and forewarned us that even mild has a kick to it since it is a Cajun restaurant.  My lips were burning by the end of my meal with mild, so if you don't like spicy food, do not come here!. . We ordered snow crab legs since the blue crab and the dungeness crab were out (that was upsetting).  We got it with the Hot n Juicy seasoning, which the server explained did not mean it was spicy, but was a combination of all the other sauces.  It comes in a plastic bag, so we put on our plastic bibs and dug in!  It was delicious...the crab was meaty and the seasoning was just right.  Just thinking about the taste right now makes my mouth water.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries.  Maybe you would have better luck, but if you want my honest advice, do not order those!  They were soggy and gross.. . This is a must try if you have never experienced anything like this.  I would definitely come here again.  Do not wear nice clothes here if you plan to go clubbing afterwards, keep an open mind, and enjoy!
Went here in late October with my mother and grandmother.  Parking was a bit scarce, and the place crowded, but we were seated quite quickly.  Tables were simple and covered with wax paper, which is expected since eating crawfish tends to get messy (they do give you bibs, but you shouldn't go in wearing your best and most expensive clothes).. . We ordered two pounds of crawfish and an order of fried catfish.  Prices of the shellfish are market value, so you have to ask the wait staff (when we went, the price of crawfish was approximately $10 per pound.)  You then choose the type of seasoning you want for your crawfish and how spicy you want it.  We went with the Hot N Juicy special seasoning and Hot heat level, which was very delicious.  The Catfish was decent, but nothing special.  When you come here, stick with the shellfish.  . . I recommend this place.  Be sure to get here early, as it isn't a big place and fills fast, and expect it to be messy and fun!
I came here two years ago when on leave from Iraq.  Loved it.  And then after I came back from Iraq I was pleasantly surprised to see Man vs. Food come and eat here!  Good for them (both the show and the restaurant!).  . . Coming for CES I wanted to come back here.  Came on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Had to wait 30 minutes.  . . When they sat me down, the menu looked identical to what it was 2 years ago.  They told me because of the new opening of a 2nd Hot 'N Juicy in Washington (D.C. or state?) the shrimp was buy one and get one free.  Sure, why not?  So I ordered 1 lb of crawdad, 1 lb of crab legs and 1 lb of shrimp which turned into 2 lbs of shrimp.  . . Got the Hot 'N Juicy flavor which is a combination of all their flavors together.  You get four different flavors to choose from (check the website's menu) or you can just combine them all.  So I did this and asked for extra garlic.  And I emphasized a lot of garlic.  And I chose medium as to how spicy.  I remember the 1st time I went I ordered either the spicey or extra spicey and after 2 lbs of crawdad my mouth and innards were burning.  So I decided on medium this time.. . The tables you sit down at are covered with a plastic sheet.  You get a bib to eat all your food with also.  The food comes out in a plastic bag that holds your food and the juice of whatever flavor you chose.  While eating your food, you crack and open whatever it is you're eating directly on the table.  After you're down, the waiters just come and wrap up the entire thing with that plastic sheet and voila!  A brand new clean table is ready.  I thought this was so cool the 1st time I came here so I made a complete mess of myself and the table.. . Food came out and I started to chow down.  There was a ton of garlic in my bags, it was outstanding.  They forgot my bib and half-way through my 1st bag I asked for my bib.  One of the waitresses actually tied it around my neck for me 'cause my hands were already all messy.  I laughed as she tied it for me!  That's service!. . Food was even better than I last remembered.  Shrimp was completely on point being moderate to big sized.  Choose snow crab for my legs and they were great.  And of course the crawdad was excellent.  After 4 lbs of food the spices got to me again.  Will have to go with mild sauce next time-sigh, I'm just getting old and can't quite handle my spicy foods like I use to.. . So overall Hot 'N Juicy actually improved since I last came here-amazing.  A definite have to visit if you love crawdad.
This is will be one of my go to places in Vegas from now on.
I've always seen this place but I never bothered to stop by. It was after I went to the Boiling Crab in Cali did I finally decide to come here. . . It's not nearly as good as the Boiling Crab, IMO. I ordered one pound of shrimp (they don't do half a pound like BC) in spicy Cajun, mild. It was the sauce that wasn't really good. Hence why I liked BC's more. . . My friends all got different flavors. The Hot N Juicy special tasted like Cajun to me. I did really like the lemon pepper, though. I'll probably get that next time. . . We got sweet potato and cajun fries. Sweet potato was okay, but I preferred the Cajun fries. They were yummy. . . All in all, it wasn't that bad. I would come back in the future. :)
Service Good. Flavor of sauce Good... kinda reminds me of Boiling Crab in San Jose, Ca though tastes better . Didn't get to try Fresh Crawfish ... called and was told there was fresh get there 5 minutes later no more left  BLAH. . Will rate it higher when i go back and get to try out the FRESH craw until then ... everything else was good... ooo. . THE SAUSAGES TASTE GOOD
We heard about this place Spring of 2010 and finally went January 2011 when I was in the mood for some mud-bugs! . We moved to Las Vegas from Louisiana. We only lived in Louisiana for 2 1/2 years but that's long enough to know about some good southern food! . My husband and I got the same thing; 2 pounds of Crawfish with Spicy Cajun (Louisiana Style, Garlic Butter and Lemon Pepper) flavoring with medium spice level. I myself noticed the spice level in the corn since we had the corn and potato added to the bag's of Crawfish. Medium was even spicier than what we ever had in Louisiana, but the waiter did inform us to go down a level of what we were used to. . The Crawfish was pretty good all in all. My husband and I both only had about 5 good sized Crawfish in each of our bags, maybe since it's off season. So that was a disappointment. I wish that they would clean the the Crawfish before they cook them. It's not fun looking at a Crawfish that looks like it still has dirt and sand on it.....ya ya ya I know their called mud-bugs but still. I know that would take some time for them to do but it just looks better. Your going to a Crawfish joint not a Chinese Buffet with Crawfish. . It was kinda pricey since we're used to paying a couple bucks a sack in Louisiana, granted here they are the ones taking the time to boil them. During off season with live Crawfish (the waiter said some night's they're frozen) it worked out to be about $10-$11per pound. (On the menu for Crawfish it does say market price, the waiter said during season it might be about $8 per pound) They don't have a kids menu so we had to pay $7.50 for our 3 year old daughter to get a chicken nugget's and fries basket. For all 3 of us we got a total of 4lbs. Crawfish, 2 extra corn's, chicken and fries basket, 1 soda and 2 water's and our bill was $65.00 before tip. We will try to get back before we move out of state this summer but we are also planning on having some shipped in from Louisiana and doing our own Crawfish boil so we'll see. If we were staying here in Vegas I'm sure we would go back. . . I
Spicy and delicious, this place delivers! Next time I'm in Vegas Ill be back. Don't get too excited about the Man vs. Food thing though this place has it's own character.
Gooooo, if you're in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed.  Large tables, covered for your enjoyment.  Go nuts with the seafood and crawfish.
Fantastic idea.  Crawfish, shrimp, crab, etc with a variety of sauces, served in a .....plastic bag?. . Because they put the sauce and the seafood in a plastic bag and cook the whole thing, the seafood stays moist and the flavors of the seafood and the sauce all blend toegther.  And don't let that extra sauce go to waste, eat it with rice or bread, it's wonderful.
Hit this place up for a quick bite after a day of snowboarding. 1lb Shrimp with Spicy Hot n Juicy sauce. Awesome!!!
Absolutely delicious! Make sure you have ample time to eat as they are really busy most nights.
Be warned, you must love garlic and spicy food, otherwise, why bother coming here.  I'm a bigger fan of the peel and eat shrimp than I am of the crawfish, but both are really good.  I'm a huge fan of the house sauce, which is pretty much a mix of all the other sauces.  There can be quite a wait at dinner time, so plan accordingly.  They also have a really good sausage side/appetizer, and their soft-shell crab when they have it is mighty good too.  I've been here several times and always leave full, happy, and reeking of garlic.
i try to make it here every time i'm in vegas.  well worth getting out of the strip for this.
I'm getting hot n juicy reminiscing about the shrimp in butter garlic sauce. When you're tempted, just remember that it's not socially acceptable to feast on shrimp on the full flight home.
Being a HUGE fan of Boiling Crab, it was only natural that I had to try this place out. We ordered 2 lbs of the shrimp with corn, mild spices (I'm a big pansy when it comes to spicy foods) with the garlic butter seasoning and it was DELICIOUS. 2 lbs between three was just the right amount and the mild was the right amount of spice for me. Maybe next time, I'll be more ballsy and try the medium. Thankfully, we got there relatively early, around 5 pm, so we only had to wait a few minutes. It was a great experience and it definitely does not hurt that the beer was cheap too!
We miss this place!! When we lived in Las Vegas we took all our visitors who love seafood to this spot! They all loved it.. The people are friendly and the food is good!! You will not be disappointed!! If you don't like spicy this is not the place for you...because it is really spicy, even if you order medium spice! I believe there are different flavors ie garlic butter...but you have to go there for their house special sauce.
The restaurant is off the strip. So keep in mind its really hard to get a cab heading back to the strip. . . Never compare this place to the boiling crab because its incomparable!! LOL.... . As my friends and sister enjoy their succulent and delicious crawfish, and shrimp, it wasnt too spicy as it was more of a mild flavor.. . I had ordered the chicken nuggets and fries basket, i know i know why did I order that but I was hungover and I needed comfort food!!
Found out about this place from MVF.  This place is awesome.  Service is much better than The Boiling Crab in Cali.  I actually like the seasoning here better as well.  Whatever seasoning I choose, I always ask them to not make it spicy; as mild as possible, yes I am a wuss.. . Though crawfish is in their name, go for the shrimp because that is the best bang for the buck.  There is more meat and you do not have to fight for the little meat that you get in the crawfish.  The cajun fries are tasty also.. . Pros: great service, great food. . Cons: small parking lot. . Definitely a place to stop by while in Vegas.  It is not really too far off the strip.
I'm from MOBILE, ALABAMA....nothing like spicing up the fresh crawfishes...I love Crawfish!!!! Cant wait for the season to start!  Pricing is kinda highin Vegas though....Downsouth you can get a pound already boiled and seasoned for $2.99...but it ok...its worth payingmore when you are craving for 'em...=)
Great place.  Service is friendly.  Atmosphere is fun and perfectly set up for a messy, hot and juicy meal.  . . We got the oysters (huge in size) about $17 for a dzn, very reasonably priced and it was delicious.. . How it works:   They sell their crawfish,shrimp,crab,etc. by the lbs.  You get to pick the level of spiciness, and a type of sauce you want to accompany the seafood of your choice.  We chose 1 lbs of shrimp (about$11/lbs) level 3 spiciness in the hot and juicy sauce.  It was amazing, but sauce is heavy with garlic, but I love garlic.  The shrimp was seved head on, served in a plastic bag soaked in in the hot and juicy sauce.  Very flavorful . . I recommend getting a side of Sweet potato fries or the an order of the fried soft shell crab (which comes with basket of Cajun fries.)
I could write up a more thorough review of this fine restaurant, but it would only reiterate what has already been said. What I will say, though, is that you should only order a spice level of Mild OR LOWER!. . Unless, of course, you're fond of holding lit matches to your lips. It's spicy!
Tasty down south treat!  The sweet potato fries are "the business"! lol. . For those in California, this spot is equivalent to "Boiling Crab" it's a must in Vegas too.  The only real downfalls I find with this spot are the average wait time of 30 mins and that you leave with your hands smelling fishy (but whats to expect after you have to peel your way through pounds of shrimp, crawfish, crab and the all!). . I'm craving this spot right now! Lol
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome. This was the finisher of our Vegas trip on our way back to Los Angeles. Our friend suggested this place since we enjoyed the boiling crab in K-Town. It was not a disappointment. The wait was not bad, it was about 20 minutes. Once we were seated we placed out order for four pounds of shrimp and 2 pounds of craw-fish. We stuck to the mild and medium. Great kick.. The craw-fish and shrimp were huge, both in flavor and size. . . Everything about this place was great. The servers busted their buts to make sure that our table was clean and that we were served. They took good care of us. . . If you live in Las Vegas, or passing through after a few slots, this is the place to go. Your hands are the forks and knife and the table is your plate. Dive in and enjoy!
Cool spot, good seafood, great fun to experience.. . They dont take reservations so it's a first come first served basis.. . Shrimps - 10/10. Snowcrab - 9/10. Dungeon crab - 9/10. . Unique having the seafood brought out in plastic bags!. . Warning - these guys mild spicy is equivalent of very spicy!
WOW! Vegas always surprises me with the great foods they have to offer.  Came here TWO times in one weekend because it was that awesome.  I'm a huge fan of Boiling Crab so I was excited that this was the same concept- and with NO WAIT.  For all those BC fans out there, you know this is a big deal.  Spicy levels are higher than the norm and ever so slightly pricier.  No big deal.  Service is awesome- we happened to be one in like 2 years to find a sea creature in one of our bags that looked similar to a cockroach, gross!!  They took the bags away, called the managers and confirmed it's just a sea creature that sometimes doesn't get filtered out.  Phew!  They recooked another order and comped ALL the shrimp at our table.  All we paid for was an order of fries, rice, and coke. Totally awesome business in my eyes!. . 4 stars only because the coveted 5 stars belongs to BC.
Spicy Spicy Spicy. You will be full when you leave this place. I will be adding more, but I gotta do a few more things on the menu. So far, everything was Good..... On warning though. Get there early before 6pm. If not you will spend some time looking for a parking spot, then you will stand outside for a while, waiting for a table to clear up. Another good thing, they don't rush you out of the place when you finish eating, you get a few to let your food settle before you hit the road..
1 lb of shrimp to peel with your bare hands before going out in Vegas? Totally worth it. The flavoring was great, not too spicy (requested because I'm a wimp.) Really want to try the crawfish!. . Sides were yummy too. Crowded but didn't wait too long for a table of 6.
Yum! Don't wear your Sunday finest- things can get messy here. Shellfish in a baggie of spicy broth- simple yet delicious. The crawfish is fresh and, if you prefer, the king crab is well worth the price. A little taste of N'Awlins off the strip.
My first review in Vegas!  I'm starting to feel all hot n juicy on the inside!! (haha kidding of course). This is definitely a place to come by if you want to hang out with some friends and family, a very very casual place to eat.  As you know, it's going to get messy.  It was my first time in a place like this, and even me, who's a guy that likes to try new things, I still had to wear gloves when I was eating all the food.  You can choose to not wear gloves, but your hands will stink (especially if you order it hot and juicy, which is all the sauces mixed into one). . Even on a wed night, there was about a 30 minute wait.  The waitstaff is all really cool.  Atmosphere is relaxed.  But eating the food is not as relaxing as the rest of the place.  We were sweating, the food can be very spicy if you want it to be, be careful!  I wouldn't come here on a first date either.  Ripping off shrimp heads awkwardly wearing gloves (or not) may be too much to handle for some people.  . . I would def come back, it's great place to have a bunch of food and get your seafood craving satisfied.
Solid 4.5 stars. (docked half a star for the slow service).. . i've lived in Las Vegas for 6 months now, and can't believe it has taken me this long to try this place.  I have been to Boiling Crab and other places like it in Southern California, but this place is by far- my favorite.  The "hot n juicy" sauce is the best I've had.  . . I came with 2 other people, and we ordered  a calamari appetizer, 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, and a dungeness crab (2.4 lbs), and a side of rice.  And I am so glad I ordered the rice, because after all of the crustaceans were devoured, the rice was the perfect vessel to soak up the remaining sauce.  . . Everything was delicious, but the Dungeness Crab was the star.  Every bite was perfection- so meaty, so sweet, so juicy! This is now my go to place to bring Las Vegas visitors!
Great seafood spot that is very casual.  Crawfish is good.  If you enjoy spicy food, dont let them talk you out of getting the hottest they have.  Definitely wear the gloves!
This place is DELICIOUS!! . . The hot n juicy seasoning is so GOOD! The shrimp was tasty as was the crawfish but the dungeness crab was SPECTACULAR! it was so tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. Probably one of the best crabs I have ever tasted.. . Just thinking about the sauce makes me drool a little bit!. . This service was so-so but the food greatly made up for it and I would most definitely come back next time I'm in town!
Oh em gee. I come here on average at least once a month. I wanna say it's their seasoning that gets me to come back everytime but I can't tell. When I went, crawfish was around $10 a pound and shrimp was a little less. I typically get shrimp because they have more meat and it is easier to get full. Crawfish meat is quite tiny once you peel the gigantic shell. If you buy 2lbs of crawfish, you automatically get a free corn and potato. Awesome!!! Get the hot n juicy special seasonsing which is basically a combination of all the other seasonings. I'm usually content with mild and medium spicyness level but my mother in law  get extra extra spicy and lemme tell ya... that kills you. . . If you're lucky, you can catch them when they have etouffee (kind of like gumbo). Delish! Has pieces of crawfish, red bell pepper, celery.. etc. The flavor tastes similar to the hot n juicy special but I'm not sure. . . Surprisingly, they have one of the bessstttt chicken wings anywhere. It comes out hot and fresh. The skin is super crispy and the inside is hot and juicy. Comes with ranch and ketchup and fries if you wish. A must have if you come!!! . . Pros: CHICKEN WINGS & FRIES!!!. Hot n Juicy Special seasoning. . Cons: none really. Could be cheaper but business is business. =P
When I hear the term 'hot and juicy', crawfish is the last thing that comes to my mind so when I heard about a restaurant called "Hot and Juicy Crawfish", I had to check it out. I had heard that it was casual, not too expensive for seafood and had an interesting approach to service.. We went there Monday night for dinner with our boy, Sean, who was visiting from So. Cal. We found the restaurant on the sleazy edge of Chinatown in a small strip center next to a Chinese massage parlor and a karaoke bar. Didn't look to special on the outside but even out in the parking lot, we could smell the garlic in the air.. . We went in and it was equally unimpressive inside but we were greeted pleasantly and seated quickly by the window under the neon light....ah, ambiance. The table was covered with a thin plastic tablecloth and contained only a roll of paper towels. The slender menu listed a variety of shellfish, crab, shrimp and, of course, crayfish, all of which are ordered by the pound. Side orders were limited and included mostly corn on the cob, rice and french fries or potato.. We ordered the crayfish with Cajun sauce, shrimp with lemon-pepper sauce and blue crab with the garlic sauce. You can order any sauce from mild to paralyzing spicy. We went with mild which turned out to be pretty spicy on its own accord.. . The food comes out piping hot, almost too hot to touch; dropped unceremoniously on the table all tied up in a plastic bags with all that sauce. You open the bag and dig in with your hands...no tableware of any kind except for a cracker for the crab.. . As to the quality of the food...delicious...hot and juicy. All the sauces were fabulous. The crayfish is something we'd not order again, although it was fun to eat. You have to be a real 'crayfishianado' to suck the juice out of the heads like some do (we won't). So that leaves you with the tail which contains about a  " piece of meat that took more work than it was worth to get to. The shrimp (head, shell and tail intact) were fabulous. Twist the head off, peel the shell and eat to your hearts content. We also tried a fried dish...breaded soft shell crab which was served with french fries...also delicious.. . If you are looking to take people out to an impressive 'Vegas-style' food event, this is definitely not your place. But, if you want an inexpensive place with wonderful seafood, and don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, then I highly recommend it. It would be a blast to go to with friends who are laid-back and have a good sense of humor.
Wow, great crawfish. It comes with a few potatoes and half a cob of corn. The corn tastes like spicy garlic buttery heaven. I opted for a bowl of rice to accompany the little critters, and ended up pouring Hot n Juicy sauce all over it, the sauce is so good! . . They have good shrimp, too. Can't wait to come back to try some more of their seafood delicacies.
This is the e-mail I sent the restaurant.. Our party of 6 had dinner last Wednesday night and it was our first time to your restaurant. We have been to similar restaurants and your rated high. Our service and food was great. I was surprised by the mandatory 17% tip included to our bill. I would have paid more but because you decided that your food and service was only worth 17%, I just paid the 17%. I would expect the mandatory tip for parties of 8 or more or if I had a waiter at my beckon call. Regardless of the tip issue, we enjoyed our experience and we will be back.
Been here several times and am definitely a fan.  Hot & Juicy flavor is the way to go.   If you're afraid to suck the crawfish heads and eat all the juicy stuff inside, then shrimp is the way to go.  It's 2 dollars more per pound but you'll also get alot more food with less shell.. . I love crawfish more but since I'm from the South I'm used to paying  3-4 bucks a pound.  To fulfill my desires I'll get 2 lbs shrimp, 1 lb crawfish with myfriend.. . We like to get extra corn and potatoe since it's so yummy.  . . They tend to understate the heat so a medium is probably hot, and hot is extra.....and so forth.. . Great place - definitely check it out!
hot and juicy special shrimp with corn is the only thing i order every time i come here! a few tips i've learned from my previous visits.. wear clothes you don't mind smelling like shrimp in. so definitely don't go in your best outfit and if you have anything to do after your meal! lastly, lemons lots of them, soak your hands in the them to get rid of the shrimpy smell. couple things that are a bummer, parking and no phone reservations.
So for people from the Bay, Hot N Juicy Crawfish is a bit of a fusion of Red Crawfish on Larkin in SF and Boiling Crab in San Jose. Same concepts of your choice of spiced seafoods and appetizers, minus the one hour wait of Boiling Crab (at least the time that I went there). Our party of four was seated with hardly a five minute wait. Spicy. Spicy. Spicy. LOVED it. . . The only advice I have for future patrons are:. 1) If you go and plan on going out after, PLEASE do yourself a favor and either bring a large bottle of Listerine and cologne/perfume OR. 2) Go with enough time to go home/back to your hotel for a nice, LONG shower to cleanse the smelliness from your hair, body and a fresh change of clothes!
If you're looking for an adventure in Las Vegas when it comes to food, this is the place to go (and this adventure isn't for the weak!) I had to say I was extremely sketchy because you get a pound or more of crawfish freshly boiled, mixed in with their seasonings and sauces, and you have to be the one to crack them open yourself to get to the crawfish meat, but that is the whole experience and beauty of the restaurant. . . I wish I could try their other sauces and seasoning, but I feel even the next step up from what is considered mild is way too spicy and hot for me. Guess I need to work on becoming a novice here! Anyways, this location is always busy, and expect a bit of a wait every time you come (larger parties are always going to be an hour of more). I rate this 4 stars because this is a very interesting experience when it comes to dining! Be fearless!
It's no boiling crab but it's delicious and available in las Vegas.
Definitely a fan--went back this trip, as I remembered this place from my last trip to Vegas.  I'll echo some of the other reviewers, if you go for dinner, go early, as the line builds up.  We were seated right away, at 5:30, but by 6:30, there was a line outside the door.  I had the crawfish and clams, medium spice, and my mouth was burning for a couple of hours after we left (and I am usually pretty tolerant of spicy foods).  I also made the mistake of touching my eye, even after washing my hands, it still burned badly.  Loved both the clams and crawfish.  My wife is not a crawfish fan, so she got chicken wings, which were apparently good as well.
If you told me about a Chinatown in Vegas, I would assume there is another theme casino going up where landing 3 fake Prada bags in a slot machine is a jackpot.  Apparently, it's an actual part of Vegas. Well slap me silly, get me an asian massage and love me long time!  Somehow there is also a Cajun style crawfish restaurant in the smack dab middle of it.. . One of my favorite things right of the bat is the eat-in style - roll of paper towels, plastic single-use table covers, and bibs. They know yo' ass is gonna make a mess. And because their food is fresh, this is not a pun!. . The shrimp and crawfish are a nice hefty size. Not the itty bitty crap you would get at Sizzler. However, if you cone hungry and have your eyes set on crawfish, you have to realize that there is a small ratio of edible meat per square inch. It's only the tail. Shrimp is a better option in this respect.  . . If you are really hungry, which is completely possible if there is a wait and you stand outside, watching people eat through the window, they have a great fried food menu, including chicken, crab, catfish, shrimp, and fries.. . The shrimp, crawfish, and other fish is available in several flavors, ranging from mild to cajun to hot-n-juicy.  It comes out in a nice plastic bag with the sauce.  All get nicely fumed with flavor after they are boiled.  Pair that with a nice cold brew and you will understand the draw of this place.  . . I hope this wasn't a mirage in the middle of the desert and this place really does exist.
Keep in mind that there's a newer location opened east of this location. The newer place has a strong smell of paint, but that will easily be musked by the shrimps and crawfishes. Their sauces are pretty spicy and known to numb and swollen lips. If you are sensitive to spicy, start off with the mild. There are several choices of sauces and spicy levels to choose from. Prepare to get messy. They provide plastic bibs, paper towels, and plastic table clothes.
I loved Hot N Juicy!! Let me tell you I had been craving crawfish and after reading all the good reviews on this place, I had to go check it out. I haven't had crawfish in like 20 years when I lived in Mississippi and I totally forgot how to even crack one open. So as soon as I got there I was ready to order some yummy crawfish. I chose the 2lb bag seasoned in garlic sauce with mild spiciness. Oh it was so good. My hands got so messy, but it was all worth it. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice, very open and spacious. It was not busy at all and the servers were polite and friendly as well. I would definitely go back to satisfy my crawfish cravings:)
Quick and attentive service. The menu gets to the point ! The ladies are super sweet and helpful , especially for me since I was unsure what to get!
Although I enjoy Boiling Crab's whole shabang sauce better than this place, I do have to give them credit for their crawfish and the sauce. Their crawfish are large sized and filled with a lot of flavor. I would go here again for sure when I'm in Vegas. Spicy sauce is probably my favorite.  Shrimp was tasty as well. I'd probably give them 5 stars but I'll visit here a couple more times to check consistency.
I saw a friend of mine mention Hot N Juicy on her Facebook wall while I was in Vegas and quickly Googled it.  It looked EXACTLY like The Boiling Crab in California and right then and there I knew I would be heading down to Hot N Juicy for a meal while I was in Vegas.. . It's a seafood place were you order seafood by the pound.  You then choose what type of sauce you want your seafood brought to you in.  They have lemon pepper, cajun, garlic butter etc and you can choose a level of spiciness.  You can also get items added to your seafood like sausage, corn and potatoes.  . . They have the regular sides like rice, fries etc.. . Once you place your order they bring you a bib and a few minutes later you're brought a bag of delicious juiciness with the seafood that you ordered.. . This time I ordered a pound of snow crabs in lemon pepper sauce and a pound of shrimp in cajun sauce.  I got my order a little spicy.. . They were both fantastic and at a pretty reasonable price.  The shrimp was $10 and the snow crabs were $17 per pound each.. . You're guaranteed to be a mess after this meal so you might as well get down and dirty!
Super yummy and messy! Not a place for a first date or important meeting. You will get messy. I ordered 1 pound of mild crawfish, king crab, shrimp all with the hot n juicy sauce. It was perfect for 2 adults. But if you dont like spicy let me warn you..mild is pretty spicy. Overall if your craving cajun spices and seafood this is the place to go.
Put on a bib and prepare to make a mess on your table covered in disposable plastic.. . Hot N Juicy delivers delicious bags of crawfish, crab, shrimp, sausage, and other creole favorites. . . I tried the garlic butter crawfish which was pretty good and lemon pepper shrimp which was also good.  Side corn was delicious and packed with flavor and the sausage was good soaked in the sauce.. . The seafood in general is average..  My shrimp was a little overcooked - but still very tasty. It did not seem really fresh - perhaps it was frozen. The sauce is good and completes the meal.  . . The service was a little slow - make sure your drink is full as your food arrives or you may get stuck with hot-mouth!. . I gave this place 4 stars because it is out in the desert. I love NOLA and I'm from Florida.. so I have high standards for seafood and cajun.  I am a true believer in fresh from the boat to your table. This is not really possible out here and these guys do an excellent job and have a really nifty theme. The place was packed and people seemed to be enjoying their meals on a saturday afternoon.
So hot, so juicy, so good. So this is what everyone's been raving about. "I mean, how good can buttered-up crustaceans really be for people to wait in line for long periods of time?" I wondered to myself as I waited in line, albeit I expected a wait for a party of 14 or so. For people who like to get their hands dirty and have an affinity for head on crustaceans, Hot N Juicy is 5 stars for sure. . . For me, however, I don't like to get my hands dirty (especially under my fingernails), and I prefer my crustacean to be deveined and decapitated before I devour them. Nevertheless, I must say I enjoyed Hot N Juicy. I ordered a pound of shrimp in the signature Hot N Juicy special sauce, medium-level spicy. If you order two pounds or more, you get corn and potatoes thrown in the bag. I wish they would include corn and potatoes with one pound orders though.... . With plastic gloves on and paper towels laid out in front of me, I opened the bag of shrimp and spicy steam, and grabbed a shrimp. The worst part about this experience (other than the mess) is cleaning the shrimp before eating. It takes a long time. But I guess it's good to eat slow. The best part about this Hot N Juicy experience is the sauce. The sauce is so tasty- savory, buttery, spicy, garlicky, etc. Make sure to generously dip the meat in the sauce. The sauce is 5 stars, but the shrimp are probably worthy of 3. While some of the shrimp were plump and firm (a sign of freshness), some others were kind of mushy (a sign of age). I detest mushy shrimp!. . What would make Hot N Juicy perfect is if they offered complimentary bread to sop up the delicious sauce that comes with your seafood order. That would be cajun heaven right there!
Not a place for a first date... unless... you really want to get to know her/him... it's messy, it's SOOOOOO GOOOOD! I'm currently craving the bag full of succulent shrimp. I could only snap my fingers and be there now. YUM
Pretty yummy.  This was my first time ever at any crawfish joint, so I can't compare it to anything else like Boiling Crab. :/. . 6 girls got 5 pounds of crawfish and shrimp, and we took 2 remaining pounds to go.  It was really yummy.  I could munch on the sauce drenched corn cobbs all day. :). . My only gripe about this place is the chlorine tasting tap water.  My friend A used it to dip her crawfish in as the sauce was too spicy for her.  What a great idea.  If you're fine with the sauce, get a corona.  Yum.
If you want to get your hands dirty this is the spot!  Crab & beer, no frills, but very good.
Get ready to get dirty.  Oh yeah, don't be wearing white. Be comfy, cuz u gonna use your hands!  Fun place to try. Wish we had a place like this in Hawaii. . . Food Ordered:. -2 lbs of the crawfish. The hot n juicy special flavor with the extra spicy level. (of course) -fingerlickin good, tear ducts watering, nose running....yumminess.. -Softshell crab (comes with fries) - good. -4 corn - same ole, same ole. . Environment. Fairly clean. Wooden tables, some booths, casual.. . Service. Decent. Waitress was okay, a little ditzy, but okay. . . Tip. When u get there, the person taking your name down for the waitlist may say, "go to the other NEW location down the block, there is no wait." WRONG, do not listen. We were smart enough to put our name on the list then check out the "new" location....yup, even looongger wait!  Lame. So we went back to the original location and waited just 15 minutes! Not much parking, so CARPOOL or go early!
I dont if it's because I'm tired of boiling crab or something but this place and their hot n juicy flavoring kick boiling crab's whole shabang's ass!!! It wasn't too oily or salty and their spice definitely has more kick. I was sniffling on a mild haha... I tried the shrimp, king crab legs, and lobster  tail and all were pretty bomb! MMMMmmmMMMM
After the Man vs. Food special at Hot N Juicy how can one not visit this place while in Vegas. Its location is in Chinatown if you are visiting and staying on the strip, but the cab ride is well worth the money to try these succulent crawfish.. . Wait time to be seated was expected for a restaurant seen on Man vs. Food, so don't be surprised. The hostess may even tell you to try their other restaurant down the street with "no wait time," but we of course wanted the real deal. When we were finally seated, service wasn't bad at all for a busy Tuesday night, food came out consistently as we ordered. Which brings me to...THE FOOD!. . I suggest tightening that bib across your neck because once that food comes out, get ready to lick those juices around your fingers slowly running down the side of your hands because it's going to get a bit messy!. . Sweet potato fries: The perfect balance between sweet and salty. Fries came in a basket and had the right amount of juicy flavor, not dry but not drenched in oil either. A great way to start the beginning of the feast.. . 3 lbs of Hot N Juicy Special Crawfish and 1 lb of Shrimp: Better than expected! Crawfish come steamed in a bag drenched in their special sauce. Full of flavor and deliciousness! The heads don't come with too much juice, but crawfish meat come exceptionally hefty, as do the shrimp. I actually prefer their seafood drenched in so much flavor than the fire burning crawfish we had at New Orleans! Spice isn't too overwhelming... I think we got the medium. Get the potato and corn as they are steamed in with the crawfish too! . . Well worth the trip and money! We had a great time getting down and dirty with these crawfish and shrimp. I don't think I'll ever find the perfect blend of spice and flavor! This place is a definite must when visiting Vegas!!
I checked out this place in April 2010 to see what the hype was about.  A group of my friends and I came to this place hungry because we saved our appetite for this spot.  I wasn't down for the hour wait that's why they get the minus star but I do not blame them because its such a popular place as it was showed on Man vs. Food.   As we were seated we ordered 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound snow crab and oysters.  It was definitely worth the wait!  You definitely get messy but of course they provide bibs and gloves for you.  If I was in the place again, I would come and eat here again with a group of friends.  Come prepared with the waiting period and a ready appetite! Worth the money and the trip! If you haven't tried it yet, your missing out!!
Just three days ago, my heart was broken. It was love at first bite. I would marry this crab, but I realized that  I can't have my crab and eat it too. I am seriously having withdrawals, which is why I am returning again. And again later this week. And next week.
All I can say is WOW. This is friggin good!. . Pros: . . Great Food. Great Service. Moderate Prices. . Cons:. . Long wait time.... . Not sure that can be considered a con since long lines mean that alot of people like this place.... I am no exception to the rule, I actually ate here twice within 4 days.  Some tips:  You have to try the Crawfish in the Hot And Juicy sauce, Medium!  It has just the right amount of spice.  This is a really a one of a kind experience.  Word to the wise, DO NOT WEAR WHITE!!. . Definitely worth the trip if you're out in Vegas.
Saw this place on man v food so I had to come in.  What a tourist...I know.  I've never had crawfish before I came here so I was excited.  Parking can suck as the lot gets crowded but there is parking on the street with no sidewalk.  That works I guess.  . . Lucky for me I had a huge paper cut on my thumb so I was praying they had gloves and they did. Whew.  My fiance got the crawfish medium and I got the shrimp spicy.  They come and bags, you rip the bag open and then go at it.  It's super hot and the gloves actually helped.  I think you get the best bang for your buck with the shrimp, as the crawfish is all shell.  The crawfish heads are delicious though, smoky woodsy flavor.  However, the shrimp are the way to go, easier eating, more substance, similar flavors.. . My glove did get punctured and that spicy sauce going into my paper cut was a great feeling, but not as bad as sauce going into my eye when I accidentally scratched my eye.  Comedy of errors.  . . We stopped here on our last two visits to Vegas and think we will continue to do so.  Haven't found a place in LA that competes yet.
Good food but too spicey for my taste buds.
I know a lot of people love this place so i'm trying to review based on what i've heard from others.  As i'm not a huge crawfish/shrimp eater. So removing my bias towards the food, i think the place is great.. . You wanna go here if you wanna get down and DIRTY with your crawdaddy's!  You order the suckers by the pound, cooked to perfection with your prefered flavor and spice, crackem open and suck their soul juicy flavored soul out.. . If your a shellfish eater this place is a blast to be get grub on cause the tables are just lined with plastic and all you really do is just get your food slapped on your table, open your bag and dig right in baby.  Theres no holdin back.  You'll have a pile of ravaged food 30 mins later and everones gonna think your pregnant with a little food baby in it's 3rd trimester.. . Waitiers were always super friendly and it's just a fun rowdy environment. . . Parking kinda sucks goin into the place but hey, you cant winem all right?. . I give 4/5 cause while teh food is good i'd like to see better seating.  I'm a tall guy so i'm kinda picky with where i sit and everytime i've come here i just feel crammed.  OH well i can get over it though.  as yelp says "Yay! I'm a fan."
My aunt and cousin are FANS of this spot and said we HAD to check it out!  We ordered the Shrimp, Crawfish, Crab legs, Raw Oysters, Sweet Potato Fries and Chicken wings.  Needless to say it was all devoured.  We are fans and will definitely hit this spot again when we are in town.. . Service was hit and miss.  Greeted, Check. Drinks, Check.  Ordered food.  Check.  But, when our meal was complete it took a bit too long to get our check.  Then I had to walk to the register to pay my bill.
After first seeing this place on Man Vs. Food I went down here to check it out.. . Goddamn amazing flavor is the best way to describe it! There are so many different flavors andspice levels so anyone can enjoy some fresh seafood. The shrimp, craw-fish, etc are first cooked in a seasoning and then put into a plastic bag with ANOTHER flavor, a red potato, and a corn cob and tied up to steam as it it brought out to your table.. . You sit at the table with a plastic bib and a large plastic table cloth and an endless supply of wet naps and swim in the juicy goodness that they have brought you.. . They also have a small selection of cold beers to wash it all down with.. . So come on down and enjoy so  piece of Thai/Creole goodness mixed together ;D
This place comes close to Boiling Crab; the house special seasoning is lighter and not as thick.. . I always get shrimp but I noticed that the crawfish is huge here! . . I love how the garlic in the sauce is minced up! Mmmmmmm
This place is helllllllaaaa good. But on my last day in Vegas I got food poisoning from eating a bad crawfish from this place! Booooo but it was delicous before I got sick so minus one star
This is a recent discovery of mine. . It's hard to find a good place that only does seafood, and not just with the plain old butter. As many of stated, you will be expected to get your hands dirty at this place, however they do offer bibs and gloves if needed. And if seeing shrimp with their heads on scares you, then this is not the place for you.  I'm not a big crawfish fan, I just stick to my regular choice when I come here, Hot & Juicy style, Mild, 1 lb of shrimp with corn & sausage with a bowl of rice on the side. It comes to less than$15 total before tax & tips. It is cheap considering it's fresh and well-seasoned seafood!. . The only down side I would say is the parking as many have mentioned here. I was lucky couple times and found a spot in their little strip mall parking lot. But other times I had to park in Church's Chicken lot because all the side streets were taken. And throughout dinner I was nervous that my car would get towed, but luckily it didn't. So my suggestion is carpool, go early if you can! Otherwise if you have a big party and go later, be expected to wait at least 30~45 min at least.
After watching bloated food-sack Adam Richman wolf down some crawfish here on his Food TV show, I knew I had to make a stop next time I was in town. I also feel obligated as a former New Englander who was practically weaned on shellfish. . . I was instantly hit with a strong aroma when I walked in the door - a mixture of all the delectable seasonings & sauces on tap with a heavy dose of steamed seafood. If they made a candle for this scent, I'd have it in every room. The waitress gave us the low down on the menu, advising that you order by the pound and the most common order was seasoned with their hot & juicy seasoning with medium heat. . . I ordered a pound of crawfish hot & juicy with medium heat. I would've gone hotter, but I obviously wasn't familiar with what they consider hot yet, and nothing can ruin a potentially tasty meal more than ordering it too hot and searing your tongue off. The waitress said that a pound of crawfish is more of an appetizer than a meal - and she was right - but I was on a food binge, so I didn't need to overstuff myself. I just want a sample of the goods. . . They drop the order off at your table in a nondescript plastic bag. I ordered an ear of corn and had it thrown in the bag, which I highly recommend because it soaks up all the juices and - honestly - it was so good I wanted to eat a dozen more. The crawfish were delicious, but I think it's too much work for too little payoff. You hardly get any meat out of them, and unless you really know what to crack open and where, you might miss out on some extra morsels. I found that the younger crawfish still had verytender shells, so I'd just scarf those down whole. The rest I ate the tails off, then mutilated their corpses and made finger puppets out of the carapaces. . . I'm definitely coming back here with the intention of making a full meal out of it. The market prices weren't too bad - crawfish was $9.99/lb - and I still need to try the lobster and clams, two of my all-time favorite foods. The staff was helpful to a noob like me, and they get the food out fast. Bonus points: I got a bib with a lobster on it.
Love the quick service, casual atmosphere and the food is so very very yummy. . . We were on vacation this past weekend and we took a chance after seeing it on Man vs. Food. So good.. . Even my super picky 3 year old loved it. He polished off 1/2 a pound of crawfish himself. . . Try it  and you will not go away feeling hungry.
This place looked so good on MVF, I had to come here and try it. . . There's two Hot N Juicy Crawfish restaurants less than a mile from each other. The cab driver was a little confused too,  but he said this one was the one that he drops everyone off at. . . First off, the servers are very friendly. They might not have been very quick to get our food order or remember to bring everything, but they were all super nice. . . There were 6 of us in the group and we decided to order by pairs. It's hard to not share and hard to share with the entire group. You'll see it gets really messy and there's no way of passing things around the table. So the easiest way to eat is to share with the person next to you or across fromyou. . . We ordered the shrimp, crawfish (of course), clams, and king crab legs. You also get a choice of sauce and spiciness. Everyone ordered the hot n juicy sauce (a mix of 3 of the choices). I usually eat my Thai food 4 stars and ordered medium spiciness. It was pretty good for me, although I could have used a little more spice. It might be too spicy for people that don't eat hot foods. . . The food comes out in bags and you just dig in with your hands. There's bibs and gloves for everyone (highly recommended). I loved the clams and shrimp. The crab legs didn't have much flavor. The crawfish were just a pain in the ass- a lot of work for nothing. I would probably skip that next time. In fact, everyone in our group was saying how great the food was- EXCEPT for the pain-in-the-ass crawfish :) . . I would highly recommend this place. The food is good, service is great, and the atmosphere is so much fun. And prices were not bad if you're used to the astronomical prices on the Strip.
I got this recommendation from a Las Vegas Hoya!  What a great recommendation it was.  I have seen this place recently near Woodley Park on Connecticut Avenue in Washington, D.C.  I have to pay it a visit.  This place is worthy of All-Madden status.  Crab Legs with a delicious blend of Cajun and Creole spices in a bag.  It does not get much better than this.  The crawfish etoufee appetizer is wonderful--more like a soup than the traditional etoufee I am used to.  I had the stone crab legs which were wonderful, but I think the King Crab legs are the best.  This is not a place you would see Rachel Ray at, but I love it!  Thanks to the Las Vegas Hoyas!  We are Georgetown!
I came here bc of ADAM RICHMAN.. . Adam's been pretty spot on on some of his food tasting adventures. Theres this one fried catfish locale in OK that was GREAT. Ike's in SF was amazing. so of course I had to go try his places in vegas. . . I've only ever had fried crawfish before in tn, so this was my first live crawfish place. Everybody said the spiciness was spicy, and as a non spicy eater, I took the mild (a little bit spicy). However, it wasn't spicy to me at all. so i think everything is a lil overhyped. The crawfish was Good! It was dfeinitely an experience. they give you these cute little bibs to put on, and the crawfish come out in a plastic bag for each customer. You order by the lb, and 1 lb/per customer is definitely enough. On the other hand, the CORN is great!!! omg i love the corn that comes in with the bag. its really great. . . I only give it 4/5 stars bc the crawfish were good, but not AMAZING. I will have to say adam richman, this was a bit of a disappointment but I think I went in with super high expectations. (i also like everything fried, literally everything i eat i love it fried, so the fact that it wasn't fried i think deducted 0.5 stars). . But in the end, its a good place! i would definitely recommend. I've been to new orleans before and had authentic seafood there, and it had a very similar authentic taste.. . (Also surprised at the cheapness of the bill)
Very good cajun fixin!  As soon as my wife & I landed in Las Vegas, we went straight to Hot N Juicy Crawfish and it was off da hook!!!  You'll love the entire experience here, the entire staff greets you when you come in and all of the waiters are always checking up on you (GREAT SERVICE!!!).. . Now, on to the food.  We ordered the 2lbs. of Crawfish special (Garlic Butter & Hot N Juicy Special "Spicy"), cajun fries, hot rolls and Etouffee.  I've been to New Orleans and always loved Cajun/Creole food, but this place definately helps get your craving fixed in a hurry.  I absolutely loved the Etouffee and craved it everyday that I was there.  After trying Hot N Juicy, it will be a ritual to go straight here from the Airport once we arrive.
No Plates no silverware. I love Crawfish one way hot and spicy. I have been to Hot N Juicy Twice enjoyed the meal both times. It is a dinner that goes great with a beer. . . Always get corn and a potato that makes it a meal. . . Greg
I'm a fan for sure. There aren't that many places in Vegas where you can dig into a sack of crawfish, so Hot & Juicy definitely sets themselves apart. . We had oysters, crawfish, shrimp, sweet potato fries, and chicken fingers (for the non-seafood eater). The oysters were good, nothing special. I really enjoyed the lemon pepper sauce on the shrimp. The crawfish were awesome - pretty spicy and we only got medium! I didn't try the chicken fingers, but I can imagine.... Prices are reasonable, service was good, atmosphere is bustling, like it should be.
Wow, prepared to be blown away by the intense flavors that are this casual eatery's signature.  We ordered several pounds of crawfish (hot & juicy, mild), shrimp (hot & juicy, mild), chicken wings, and snow crab.  We also had sides of rice and creole fries.  Even though we ordered mild, these crawfish really pack some heat and a lot of garlicky goodness.. The corn that comes in the bag is so saturated with the yummy sauce, and I wish there were more corn cobs in the bag.  I also wish I had some bread to sop up all the sauce.. I actually enjoyed the shrimp and snow crab more than I did the crawfish, probably because there's more meat and the shell is easier to peel.. This is a place where you get down and dirty, bibs and all (gloves optional).  Really fun and worth checking out.
good heavens... . . we had a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, and a pound of snow crab legs... everything was amazing... we had the Hot N Juicy sauce, medium spicy... it was unbelievable.... . i've been to boiling crab (which i love) and other similar type places... and hands down, hot n' juicy is the best.  ALWAYS a must for me whenever i'm in sin city.
I was lounging on the couch and was watching Man vs. Food. Okay, this pique my curiosity about crawfish. So, what happens when you're in vegas for a bachelor's party for a few days? We ended up at Hot N Juicy. We were seated soon. But as we sat there, the dinner rush hour started to near and the line has gotten long. There was even a waiting list. We ordered 2 lb of crawfish with extra corn and lobster. . The crawfish was good. But it was alot of work for such little meat. The lobster was a little more expensive but it was so worth it. There was so much meat, we didn't have to spend too much time getting to the succulent meat. The dinner rolls came to us warm. Too bad it took 2 bites and it was gone. . Even though it was good, but being spoiled by my regular spot in Portland, Oregon, I really can't say it's THAT good as MyBrother's Crawfish.
#las vegas #Crawfish Well, like many other reviewers me and my wife brother in law and his wife had to stop here to eat. We once saw it on FoodNetWork and wanted to try it. . We all ordered a the famous Crawfish of course in all their flavor's that they had to offer, but "the spicy" stay away from it! it really is super HOT!!!. . We also ordered their 5ib Lobster because we wanted to try it and it was great as well. All their food items were made Fresh, Fast, and Delicious as  well.  Me and my Brother in law had few beers along too. The price and services were Awesome! The dude that works there was super FUNNY! and very helpful too. Even though he was busy he still gave us the time to look through out the menu... So go ahead of time and get their early because the place is PACKED and super busy all day long! . . A+ i WOULD love to go back again and again every chance I get! But dress easy it will be messy and dirty! lol fun place to eat at....
I will keep this nice & sweet.... There is NO BETTER EATING IN LAS VEGAS, other than a buffet!. . This is the BEST Crawfish and seafood I've had at fair prices in too long.. . The smell & food is better than sex... Maybe not sex, but it is almost there!
There are two of these on the same road, so I'm not sure which we went to. I'm not a huge crawfish fan, but my girlfriend is a fanatic. She ate three pounds of the little bugs! The service was fast and friendly, the place smells amazing, and the food was great. I recommend the Hot and Juicy special seasoning, it was all buttery and garlicky, two of the best things on the planet if you ask me. The girlfriend was a little sad that crawfish was out of season, but she said the frozen ones were almost as good as the fresh, and they were a lot cheaper too!
Saw this restaurant on the Travel Channel and had to try when we're in Vegas.  It was amazing!  First time trying crawfish so I can't compare but I wasn't impressed, we also had the shrimp, king crab and calamari...all were amazing!  The mild had a kick to it but I loved it.  Definitely would go back!  Only wished they opened a little earlier...11?
Again, yelp pointed me towards this gem.  The waitress was kind enough to warn us that the crawfish was out of season before we ordered it so it would all be frozen.  She also walked us through the menu.  The only complaint I have was when we asked us about mild spice vs. no spice for my daughter's crawdads order.  She said mild wasn't too spicy so we ordered it and it ended up not being very "mild" at all.  We ordered a new batch with no spice and she "reminded" us that the mild was kind of spicy, which was not what she actually said but who cares!  The food was pretty awesome and I didn't go there to argue so I pressed!  I also ordered the fried soft shell crab with cajun fries and it was very tasty.  The fries were pretty good!  Get ready to put your plastic bib on and dig in!  Overall, very good food and I would definitely check it out again.
Fearful of the crowds of people who flock here due to their popularity, hubby and I booked it here on Friday evening around 5:50pm.  I'm so glad we did!  By the time we left, there were tons of people waiting.. . Service was good, though not always available.  When we wanted to add a pound of shrimp, I had to send hubby up to the cash register to place the order.. . Normally, when we go out with friends to other crawfish places, we get (insert house spice here)-Medium.  Because this was hubby's choice/birthday weekend, I let him order mild.  As it turns out, it was delicious!  The sauce was buttery, not greasy and very tasty without the flames on your tongue.. . We did notice that the seafood was about $1+ more per pound than out here in California but that's understandable given that Las Vegas is kind of far away from the o-chin (Ralphie May fans will get that lol).. . We enjoyed our meal and have promised to bring our friends back when we return to Las Vegas in about 3 weeks.  All aboard!!!
When the crawfish and blue crabs are fresh...they are the most delectable, mouth-watering, delicious dish in the world (wow...it makes me salivate just thinking about it)! If you love crawfish! This is the place! The Hot N Juicy seasoning (the mix of everything) is the best I've ever tasted. I'm a chicken, so I stick to mild.... . But I didn't give them 5 stars because if the CRAWFISH ARE FROZEN...STAY AWAY! The waitress did warn us...and they were $6.99/lb but my sister was in town for Thanksgiving, and I raved to her about this place. EEEE GADS! We got 5 lbs and they WERE MUSHY! I think my sister complained of a belly ache afterwards. Not me, I have a strong stomach for crawfish...ha ha.... . We did get a couple pounds of the fresh blue crabs and they were heavenly and the meat sweet and tender!. . Also, be prepared...IT's MESSY! Make sure you wear a bib. Thank goodness there are plenty of paper towels...I think I used up a whole roll.... . I highly recommend this place, as long as the crawfish and seafood are fresh! I think between July - September, they are the biggest!!! I'm sure I will be back there in January when they are in season (small...? Who cares...it's still CRAWFISH)!
I've wanted to check this place out after watching the Las Vegas episode of Man vs. Food. Not to mention my cousin constantly raves abou this place, so that definitely sparked my interest even more. I didn't wait long because my cousin already had a table before I got there. Ordered a pound and a half of shrimp and a side of french fries. Mmmm good! The only weird thing is they provide clear plastic gloves to wear when you eat the food, I mean for obvious reasons of course! However the gloves are optional. I prefer to use my bare hands! Would I come back? That would be a definite yes!
My recollection of this place is good. They have wonderful crawfish and it's juicy, flavorful, and tasty! The service is good, the waitress was very patient and helpful for my mother and I, who were first timers.. . Oh, and their andouille sausage and rice, what great sides! My mom loved their catfish. . . This place was a hit and it looked like it gets crowded pretty quick so.... ! Get there the sooner the better!
I instantly decided to try this place ever since I saw Man vs food on food network. We ordered 2lb of shrimps, 1lb of crawfish, and deep fried calamari. Everything we ordered was really flavorful, fresh and tasty. I love the "hot and juicy" sauce came with shrimps. It made me nonstop eating rice! I felt very guilty after eating so much carb. I think I will only shrimps next time because it's just not worth it to order craw fishes with not much meat in there. Overall, I think this is a fun place to eat with your hands and enjoy very tasty seafood.
The food here is good, I enjoyed it! If you're craving "Cajun" style seafood this is your place to go. . . What I liked: . . - Hot N Juicy special seasoning .... this seasoning is really good! MUCH better than The Boiling Crab . - Crawfish and Shrimp. - Oysters were pretty good, although I got a stomach ache about 10 minutes later (could have been from something else for all we know, or just how my body reacts to oysters). . What I didn't like: . . - Service: I guess they need more waiters during the daytime or early evenings? It just wasn' that "great". . . . . I would definitely come here again!
I am a big fan of seafood and mixed with spices and garlic just make Hot N Juicy my kind of restaurant. I was a bit of a doubter at first since I came from Southern CA and was used to Boiling Crab (which has since made its way to the Las Vegas valley). I have yet to try the LV Boiling Crab, but I am a fan of Hot N Juicy. The sauce is a bit different than Boiling Crab, but has a lot of flavor and you can definitely enjoy it. My usual order consists of shrimp and Alaskan king crab legs in the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which is basically all the sauces combined together - extra garlic please!) at the spicy level. Note - extra spicy is really really hot, almost too hot to be enjoyable. . . I have also had their lobster tails and other crabs. I'm not a huge fan of crawfish since its a lot of work for a little meat, but a lot of other people enjoy it here. Be prepared for a messy meal as this is a eat with your hands kind of place since you have to peel most everything. Its usually fun to see who can make the biggest pile of shells!. . I've also had the deep fried soft shell crab with fries and the oysters - both are really good and the oysters were fresh. . . This is definitely a place that I will frequent and also bring friends to from out of town. I will see how the new LV Boiling Crab compares, but for now, you can find me at Hot N Juicy!
I'm a BIG crawfish fan back at home in Norcal, so coming here I was ready to try Vegas crawfish. I came with a party of 14 and surprisingly got seated right away. Service was kind of slow, we literally had to flag down the waitress to ask for gloves and more lemons. Then when the bill came out there was a minor mix-up. Anyways the crawfish tastes a lot like Boiling Crab except with a more lemongrass flavor to it. Not bad at all. I deducted 1 star for the dozen raw (and runny) oysters we ordered that tasted gross and not fresh at all. So when you order try to stick to crawfish or else u would get a nasty old oyster taste in your mouth. The shrimp was meaty and juicy just perfectly done. We boxed our leftovers to bring back to our hotel and it still tastes great after we microwave it. Definitely a win!
All I can say about this spot is: MMMMMMM Good!!. . Prices are unbeatable and the food is good!  I take all my loved ones and co workers here every time I'm visiting Sin City!
I saw the Man vs Food episode featuring this restaurant and had to try it out.  After reading a few Yelp reviews, we ordered a pound each of shrimp and crawfish.  I'm so glad that we did.  Though the crawfish was very good, there was so little meat.  Enter the shrimp, here you get an entire mouthful of sweet flesh for the same effort.  I really liked the special sauce or whatever, but did wish that it saturated the crustaceans better.  We also ordered the etoufee...not a tomato based etoufee, but very good.  It's completely mixed in with the rice so it was almost like a gumbo.  The sweet potato fry were crispy.  . . All in all, we are very happy with the food.  The next time, we will order more shrimp...so delish.  O, and instead of mild, we'll go all the way.
"Pinch the head and suck the tail!". This is what my friend told me while I was trying to eat one of  this restaurant's specialties! I laughed and told him that he sounded like he was describing a porno!!. . But honestly, this place is great! I ordered a pound of the crawfish and a pound of the shrimp and chose the hot and juicy sauce and man it was fantasstic!. . I honestly liked the shrimp better than the crawdads (that's we call them in Cali) because there was more meat on them and they were succulent and sweet.. . But the crawdads and shrimp wash down with a cold beer after a night of debauchery in Vegas... nothing like it!!!!
Pretty good...for Vegas.  Here's my recap:  Parking could be better.  Not a lot of spaces.  Available spaces were a little tight.  Seated immediately upon entering.  The place was pretty busy.  Many tables with chairs, some with booths.  Some booth seating was not accessible because the neighboring table was too close.  Servers were friendly, fast, and knowledgeable.  Menu offered crawfish, shrimp, oysters, clam, lobster, blue crab, dungeness crab, King crab, and snow crab.  All market prices.  Seasoning choices were Louisiana style, juicy Cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper, and Hot N Juicy special.  Choice of mild, medium, spicy, or extra spicy.  Sides: corn, potato, sweet potato fries, cajun fries, rice, rolls, and sausage.  Also, appetizers were etoufee and a large variety of fried items: calamari, hot wings, soft shell crab, catfish, shrimp, and chicken nuggets.  We ordered two pounds of boiled shrimp: one Louisiana style medium and the other juicy Cajun medium.  Bibs were served first.  The bottom of the bib folds over to make a pocket to catch debris you drop.  We also ordered a side of white rice.  The cook time seemed about right, not real fast, but not too slow either.  Constant line for men's restroom.  Only one person at a time.  Many people waiting to get in to wash their hands after eating.  The food comes out as it is ready, not served at the same time.  I prefer this method.  The shrimp is served in a clear plastic bag and the shells are left on the table.  Plastic table cloth makes for quick and easy clean up.  The shrimp was good sized, hot, and flavorful.  There was a little extra juice in the bottom of the bag which we used to dip our shrimp once peeled.  Also, we ladled some on the rice for a bit of flavor.  The shrimp was head and shell on.  This requires a little work, but is the traditional way to serve, saves the kitchen a bit of time, and leads one to believe the shrimp were alive when cooked.  I lived in Louisiana for many years so I know there is a difference between Louisiana style and Cajun style, but I don't know why they made the distinction here.  Most patrons in Vegas won't know the difference.  The difference here is that Louisiana had more butter and Cajun was more traditional with more spices and less brother allowing the sweet flavor of the shrimp to come through better.  The difference is almost not noticeable, but I prefer their Louisiana style.  The rice was okay.  All in all the food was pretty good.  We really enjoyed it.  On a side note, they did not purge the shrimp.  That is, the gastrointestinal track and the poop were still in the shrimp.  Vegas patrons don't know any better.  Its kind of gross, but I ate anyways knowing that it won't hurt you (otherwise, the place would have been shut down a long time ago).  There were plenty of paper napkins at each table and wet wipes served at the counter and with the bill, but I would have preferred a washing station, similar to those at Cravin Cajun.  You get really, really messy eating boiled shrimp and that stuff is super painful if you get it in your eyes.  They do serve alcohol, but we had tap water, which was served in styrofoam cups.  The server did not ask if we wanted lemon, but she brought out a styrofoam bowl with almost two whole lemons (kind of a waste).  Shrimp was $8.99 per pound and the side of rice was $2.  We really enjoyed this experience and will be coming back.  I tried the crawfish on a previous visit here.  It was the best crawfish in Vegas.  Flavor was right, but a bit small for Louisiana standards.  I love crawfish, but think the shrimp is a better deal because there is much more meat.  I really like this place, but Cravin Cajun is better.
This was my first crawfish experience and it was pretty yum!  We had 1lb of shrimp (hot n juicy - medium spice), 1 1lb of shrimp (lemon pepper - medium spice), and 1lb of crawfish (hot n juicy - medium spice).  Also got beers and sweet potato fries.    Were told to go less spicy than normal because their spice was hotter than everyone else's, so we went medium.  Really wish we had gone hotter.  We also did not shake our bags, which after reading a few reviews, could have made a big difference.  Geez, aren't we smart?!?it was super crowded, but we got the last available table, so no wait.  Service was really fast, It seemed like we ordered and five minutes later we were opening steaming plastic bags!  Food was great, incredibly messy and I thought it was a little pricey.  Not sure if I would go back here, but it was definitely an experience.  I feel like I lived a little. I will come back here very soon,all my friends like it .
If you hate getting messy eating, this is probably not the place for you.  Half of the budget at this place is probably paper towels.  They do not have much on the menu, but what they do they do very well.  Border line 5 review.  I think the only thing holding it back from a 5 is the nature of crawfish itself.  I don't mind getting messy but it is a lot of work for not a whole lot of sustenance from each crustacean.  If I were to go there again, I would probably get the shrimp.  Less work, more reward.  The food comes out in boiled bags which you rip open.  Good idea to use the bib which is provided.  I went for one less than the spiciest sauce, and they were much spicier than used to when ordering at that level.
**Disappointed**.        - Boiling Crab - Ever since boiling crab opened last November, Hot & Juicy has done the opposite of stepping up their game (http://www.yelp.com/biz/boiling-crab-las-vegas)..        - Watered Down - They have been consistently watering down their "Hot & Juicy Special" sauce. They put so little per bag now, I can't even dip my shrimp back in..        - Prices - Their "Market Prices" are still a dollar or two above Boiling Crabs..        - Crawfish - Their crawfish are smaller and less fresh than Boiling Crab's crawfish..        - Conversion - Eventually, all of their patrons will wise up to the other "crawfish/shrimp in a bag" place in town and it'll be too late for them to turn it around. I used to favor Hot & Juicy over Boiling Crab, but not anymore.. **Recommendations**.        - I want to give this place a 3.5, so I'll round it up to 4. It's still good, but just a shell compared to it's former self. Unless Boiling Crab has too long of a wait, I'll probably not be coming to Hot & Juicy anymore.
So, there was a bit of a wait and it was kind of expensive...overall I would have to say that it was still worth it!!!. . The food was really good, the service was fast and friendly and you even get a bib! :)  I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to all my friends and family.  This place is simple, but awesome!!!
We had crawfish, crab legs and shrimp and all of them were delicious.  The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was because the service was slow after we received our food initially.  Our mouths were burning and we needed fries and drink refills, but we had a hard time tracking down the waitress, and they weren't that busy!!  We'd still return because the food was out of this world.
We really wanted to try this place because my friend works here and we love boiling crab type crawfish joints!:D . . This is actually my first time getting my hands down and dirty with the seafood because usually I'm too . ::ughhh I don't wanna smell:: . ::ewww its gonna get under my nails and all over my hands::. Yeah... I'm a shame... but I finally decided that I'll get over my prissy self to enjoy some damn good crustaceans hahha. . I love shrimp! Get the Hot n juicy special!! It's a mix of all their seasonings (juicy cajun, lemon pepper and garlic butter) and its soooo yummy!! I am a wimp and cannot for the life of me take spicy, so the server suggested I try it without spice and yummm it was sooo good!!! My bf is the total opposite and loves spice, so when he got the hot n juicy crawfish at spicy, he said it wasn't spicy enough -.-;;;; he is a fatass and got 4lbs of crawfish and was totally enjoying every last bit of it. a little too excited..... We all shared a dozen oysters... mmmm it was a relief and cool break from the spiciness of the crawfishes for my  friends.. . My friends got the crawfish too but in medium  hot n juicy. They are big boiling crab fans and said that there was a certain zing to their seasoning that BC doesn't but didn't want to love it more because of how far it is from us (we live in orange county). They also got the fried catfish basket. The catfish was breaded a little too much, and didn't taste as fresh as the rest of our meal. .  I got the soft shell crab basket on top of my shrimp and that was really good. The cajun fries that came with it weren't as impressive but were made better by the leftover Hot n Juicy sauce that I had. Hehehe. . All in all, we had a good experience, our waitress was really cool (katherine, kaitlyn?? I don't remember....) pretty attentive, but we had to nudge her for water sometimes. . . We'll probably be back, considering the long list of places we need to try in vegas in our short weekend stays.
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious! We got a pound of crawfish (medium spicy)and a dungeness crab (hot n juicy style). Great seasoning, good quality seafood, fair market prices. Since it's so popular, there is usually a wait at the door- we waited about 30 min. The wait staff is helpful & informative, but it's hard to hear due to the noise level in there- the music is great, tho a little loud. The food arrives in good time, but the staff was a little slow in keeping up with the drinks considering how spicy it is ;) . One thing to beware of- the parking lot gets crowded & often people park on Frontier street- when I returned to my car, the window was smashed :( So, park in that neighborhood at your own risk!
Really good!
I said I would give this place another shot, and I'm glad I did.  The food was not only fantastic, the service was a night-and-day difference from the last time I came.  This is not a lazy man's restaurant; It takes work.  It's well worth it too, although, I could use less tourists next time I come, but hey, it's good for business.
If you like shellfish, and like to get your fingers messy, this is a fun place to eat. Shrimp, Crab, Lobster, Crawfish, Catfish, Oysters, and Cajun Sausage.  you order by the pound, and it's all served in plastic bag. you also receive a bib and plastic gloves are optional.
After reading some Yelp reviews, I was really iffy about going here. It was my first time coming here with the boyfriend and man were we hungry.. . First and foremost! Order TWO pounds of the Crawfish. If you order one, you'll be really sad. Like we were. Let the crustaceans sit in the juices for a while! You'll be really sad if you don't! And make sure you stick to mild if you like spice but not too much! Because mild is CRAZY spicy! Like, my nose is running and my lips are on fire spicy.. . Other than that, service was quick and amazing and the fried calamari was thebomb.com
Went here a few weeks ago on recommendation of a friend. It was really really good. My husband and I each orderd 2lb of crawfish which came with a small ear of corn and a red potato. I had the mild and it was just the right amount of spice for me, and i'm not really a fan of spicy food.  I did find that I was still hungry so I ordered some etouffe and oh man let me tell you that stuff is the business. It's kinda similar to a gumbo as it's a seafood soup served over rice. So if you're into crawfish or other seafood for that matter cooked in a spicy boil this place is for you!
Very tasty food! King crab, shrimp, and crawfish were all great. Hot n Juicy on all. The shrimp was the plumpest with the most meat to $$, but King crab tasted amazing. I would get the shrimp a little hotter next time, they soaked up very little spice.. . Cool music. Cheap beers. Loved getting messy with the bib and bags of deliciousness. Was a little busy, but worth the wait
Great place to come check out when you're in vegas and not in the mood for the usual buffets or steak dinners that most hotels are serving up. . Price is reasonable too. I think it was $10 for a pound of shrimp and trust me you don't want more than a pound because its alot to go through. . Alot of flavor packed into these bags so I was impressed. Very busy but we didn't even have  to wait 2 minutes to get seating. . Gotta come check this place out.
This place is far from the glitz and glamour of the strip both in location and in style.  Gone are the flashing lights, white tablecloths and candles, replaced by beer in bottles, cheesy lobster bibs and food served in plastic bags.. . I will say, though, that it was delicious.  I got the crawfish boil with the signature sauce.  The sauce can be ordered to whatever level of heat you desire.  I went for the extra spicy, which I will warn lives up to its name.  . . There is a lot of flavor here, and the sides were no less disappointing.  From the sweet potato fries to the corn on the cob, everything was excellent.. . This place is obsessed with quality through simplicity, and it's no surprise that the crawfish is shipped in fresh each morning.. . Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the prices.  Everything here is priced well below what I would consider reasonable for what is delivered, making this a huge value for the dollar.. . If you're hankering for something more low key, more down home and (way) less glamourous than what's on offer on Las Vegas Boulevard, stop on in.
Went here for the first time on a Friday night.  We went to the location further west but there is also one closer to the freeway. I assume they are the same.  It was packed but worth the wait. We ordered shrimp, lobster, snow crab, sweet potato fries, corn and rounds of beer. We ordered everything medium and hot n juicy. The food was great and really messy. It was a fun experience and will go here again. Just be prepared for the food to stare back at you since they leave the heads on!  Also don't plan on leaving without food all over and juice squirting you in the face.
It has been a struggle deciding between three and four stars, but I have settled on four. I feel this place is slightly over-hyped and perhaps part of my let down was attributed to such high expectations due to this hype. I expected to be blown away, and instead I was just barely satisfied. . . We ordered 1lb of shrimp in their signature sauce medium spicy, half a dozen oysters, cajun fries and bowl of rice. I also had two beers. The tab was very reasonable for the amount of food we received, hence why I opted for four instead of three star rating. I felt that the price was fair for the quality of the food. The sauce was good as was the shrimp. The fries were nothing special, but the cajun seasoning was very very good. The oysters were tiny and not memorable. The rice was great with the sauce from the shrimp. Overall, the meal was fine but I would not seek this place out again or feel the desire to return unless the circumstance calls for it (friends who want to try it, I am in the area and rest of Chinatown has burned down, etc).
I really enjoyed myself when I ate here the other evening. I saw this restaurant on an episode of "Man VS Food," so naturally I had to eat here on my trip to Las Vegas. We ordered a pound of "crawfish" with 'Hot & Juicy Sauce (mild)' & a pound of "shrimp" with 'garlic/butter (mild)' sauce. They both were amazing and the fact that you eat with plastic gloves (optional) is super fun. Be prepared to smell like seafood for a while and do not wear white. Shper fun & a must do while in Las Vegas. . . . . P.S. Order a side of sweet potato fries. Yum!
I finally got to try the original Hot N Juicy Crawfish during my recent trip to Vegas last week!. . After getting dropped off in a cab at Boiling Crab and finding out that they were out of crawfish, (!!!) a group of 9 of us literally walked a mile to Hot N Juicy.  We split our orders into 2, and my group ordered: . . - 10 pounds of crawfish, hot, Hot N Juicy special. - 2 pounds of shrimp, hot, garlic butter. - 1 pound of snow crab legs, hot, Hot N Juicy special. . EVERYTHING was flavorful, tender, and juicy.  It was definitely more "hot" than I had expected, (I'm used to the "hot" here in DC) which wasn't a bad thing at all.  Although they messed up our order of shrimp (they gave us Hot N Juicy special instead of garlic butter) and the server was very unaccomodating towards the mistake, (She asked us: "Are you sure that's the wrong one?") repeatedly having to ask for things, (salt and pepper and limes, gloves, cleaning out our buckets, etc.) and spilling juices on my back while cleaning up -- everything else was smooth.  I could understand that it was really busy and serving a group of 9 might have been challenging, especially because we all had different drink orders and requests.. . This is definitely a "must-try" if you're in Vegas and love seafood!
My friend loves this place, every time she's in vegas, this place is a must for her. so we finally get to try out this place. i hate the parking, some stupid bitch jacked my spot, so i ended up parking on the side. anyways, the wait was less than 20 minutes on a saturday night for 4 people. we were seated, the atmosphere was nice, different from the usual cf places i go to in socal, and it's so weird because the waiters/waitress are caucasians (i'm used to asians) haha. anyways my bf and i order 1 1/2 of shrimp, medium with their hot n juicy special (it wasn't any kind of spice at all, shrimp was huge), chicken wings (it was good, nothing special), cajun fries (meh... didn't enjoy it much, not crispy), and a corn (no bueno ): i was pretty sad about it). . . service: not bad, had to ask for stuff, and when we ordered more stuff, they kinda forgot about it, but it wasn't  a long wait... . overall, i would go back, im planning to try the one that open in orange county some day... (:
3.5 stars. . its not boiling crab but when your in vegas this'll get your fix. . Pros - crawfish here is awesome, seasoningis great and the service is wonderful.  .    got a couple of pounds of shrimp and of everything there this was my fav..    if you like it hot n spicy this is the place to go... my nose and eyes were running like .       mo'fo. . Cons - boiling crab is much better imho.    the cajun fries werent that good as opposed to b.crabs.    i like hot food but maybe during my first visit it was a lil too hot for me. . . will prolly end up back here again... worth a try
Normally, I like spicy food.. . The server warned us that "medium is a little hotter than tabasco, and mild still has a kick". . Believe the woman!!. . Here's a tip: Ask for a side of melted butter to cut the spiciness if you need to.. . This was one of the longest, messiest meals of my life. No fault of the restaurant; crawfish takes a lot of digging.. . When it was all said and done, I ordered a side of rolls (three to an order) and mopped up all that luscious, amazing, spicy sauce in the bottom of the bag, even though I had no room.  DAMN! That's good!. . And, yes, I had heartburn for a full day afterwards.
Similar to Boiling Crab, but a little different.  I cannot say either one is better than the other since they are pretty similar.  Both restaurants are delicious.  The difference I noticed was that Boiling Crab's seasoning has more garlic.  Hot and Juicy has soft shelled blue crab with fries; I do not think Boiling Crab has that.
The service was excellent. One of the waiters even ran outside to find us because he thought we left our food. The food was good and seasoned very well. The fish was fried golden brown and just right. There is actually 2 of them on Spring Mountain so go to the one that's in the white building.
What else can I say but mmmmmmmm. We had the address on the GPS but just happened to see this one before we reached our destination. Come to find out, there's two locations super close to each other. We went straight for the seafood. We got a pound of crawfish in garlic butter, mild and a pound of snow crab legs, in garlic butter mild. Everything was awesome! I would have liked it more spicy, but wifey couldn't have handled it. next time we'll prob both get our own stuff. The seafood was super fresh and cooked to perfection. Messy, but super worth it. Def go if you want a cool no frills seafood experience. and make it spicy!!!
Warning: Do not wear your best clothes here, and come here prepared to get disgustingly messy, but it's worth it!  With that being said, come here to get fresh live crawfish!  I got a pound of house special marinated crawfish, and lemon pepper marinated shrimp to go.  The crawfish and the sauce was delicious.  The crawfish meat was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was rich and spicy.  The lemon pepper sauce was also very good, but the shrimp, while big, didn't taste as fresh, since the meat was a little mushy where you take the head off the shrimp.  I asked the waitress how hot the "medium" spice level was at, and she said 8/10, soo... I opted for "mild" which was just right: not too spicy that I won't enjoy the meal, but had just enough kick to prove quite tasty.
Love this place. A little pricey but so worth it.. If you are craving crawfish in Las Vegas come here. Their seasoning is well balanced and the spices give you enough kick without overpowering the seafood. I recommend getting there early because there is almost always a wait.
This restaurant lives up to it's name.  Wow it was good.  A friend took us to this restaurant and my wife really enjoyed it.  So on our last trip to Vegas, she had to go back.  It was just as good as the first time.  Restaurant offers no plates that I know of, so it can get messy.  Recommend any of the boiled items - we had the shrimp and crawfish and to steer away from the fried stuff (the fried shrimp was nothing special).
I have heard good things about this place for a while and have driven past both locations pretty often. However, I have never REALLY wanted to try Hot N Juicy Crawfish because I am kind of like a cat, LOL. I don't like messy eating and if I am going to go out and pay for my food, I prefer all the work to be done for me, if you know what I mean. . . The in-laws were in town and have been wanting to eat here, so we finally came here for dinner the other night. We arrived at just the right time because there were a few tables still open and we were seated right away. 10 minutes later, the restaurant was full and many people were waiting outside. We had no luck with parking. The parking lot is very small and we had to park across the street. . . My husband and the in-laws ordered a variety of seafood: blue crab, clams, shrimp crawfish, and catfish. . . Their opinions:. - the shrimp and catfish were the best. - the crawfish required too much work for too little meat. - the crab was very hard to take apart. - "mild" was still pretty spicy. . I ordered the fried shrimp and sweet potato fries. I know, boring right? The fried shrimp wasn't very good. I think that the size was decent, but there was just too much breading on them. After eating 2 pieces, I didn't want anymore. The sweet potato fries were standard, nothing special. . . I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I would come back again because I didn't enjoy it too much. However, I will give this place 4 starts because my family thought it was alright and had a good time. Service was friendly and attentive. We even had nice neighbors who showed us what they had ordered and commented on what tasted good.. . Just a few tips:. - DO NOT wear nice clothing because juices will squirt everywhere and you will get dirty!. -Remember to take a shower and do laundry ASAP because you will smell like the restaurant even after you leave! Skin, hair, clothes, everything!
Like most Yelpers, I first heard of Hot 'n Juicy from Man vs. Food but the Yelpers seemed mixed on this one so I kept my expectations low. . . Even during midday, the parking lot was practically full. I could smell seafood-y goodness wafting through the door. I was seated quickly near a fuzzy TV & the waitress even moved me to a cooler seat. I was wary about service but was pleasantly surprised by the kind & attentive servers. . . My friend & I shared 2lb crawfish & 2 lb shrimp mild (my body won't allow me to consume spicy anymore but mild still had a bit of spice). I'm not a fan of Boiling Crab's the Whole Shebang-- I prefer garlic butter-- so I am in the same camp with other Yelper who felt the hot & spicy sauce could use more garlic. I also felt the food could have come out a little hotter temperature-wise.  . . Water was free, the wait was nonexistent on a Saturday afternoon, parking was easy, they carried $3 bottled Sapporo (is this because it's near Chinatown?), you could add potato, & both they had multiple restrooms (one of my big qualms).. . For me, it comes down to the food. Overall impression: Good, not quite Boiling Crab good.
We came to eat here after our stint with exotic cars at LV Motor Speedway. My friend saw Hot N Juicy Crawfish in Man vs. Food. Good Cajun seafood. Definitely better than salty Boiling Crab but just a tad behind our local Ray's Crab. We had 2lbs of shrimp, 2bls of clams, sweet potato fries, and rice. I liked their clams the best; tender and delightful. Big plus on their servers that could definitely strike up some conversation. . . What I like the most is that their hot is hot and not watered down. Its definitely a tingling sensation in my palette that is delightful and pleasing. I am pretty sure their spicy could be a workout. . . We will probably be back if we desire hot cajun seafood and we are in Vegas.
First the problems with this place.  It gets to hot in the building.  They need to turn the AC on or lower the temp.  Second when it is busy, and this place gets busy the service can be slow.  Now the good stuff, everything else.  Every waiter I have had has been very friendly.  I don't order the crawfish.  I think they are too much work.  I actually prefer the shrimp.  You get more meat, I feel the flavor of the sauce is better on the shrimp, and I feel they are easier to peel.  I also like pretty much everything else they have. I will say that not all Hot N Juicy's are created equal.  The one in Fountain Valley California sucks.
This place is awesome, the priority at this place is good food... I heard a lot about this place so my expectations were high when I got to Vegas. I didn't want to put the bib on but it was definitely a good idea.... . What we had:. Fried catfish. Corn fritters. Shrimp boil. Crab legs. Corn on the Cobb. Fries. Sweet potato fries. . The only thing that I had that was not off the charts good were the fries, everything else was so good I can't wait to go back. Our waitress was funny an had no problem trading shots with 8 guys.. . This place is now on my 'must do while in Vegas' list. This place is awesome before accounting for the relatively inexpensive prices. Add that in and this place is borderline 5 stars. If I have the same experience again I will bump this place up to 5 stars.. . They don't have plates, but who cares? So it's not a first date place, or a place you go to prior to a club, but this place is awesome.
I went here a few months back, around the end of May. From what I can remember I totally enjoyed it. I got the 2lb crawfish cajun style and the bf got some sort of fried platter with fries.  I don't remember if this place gives you the option of choosing live or frozen, but these crawfish were definitely big.  Both entrees were really tasty and was great to wash down with a couple of Coronas.. . . Side note: As much I love munching down on some crawfish, I absolutely hate the fishy smell it leaves on your hands. My recommendation? Be the loser who uses the gloves ;). . . Yes, I am that loser.
First of all, parking here sucks. You'd be better off parking across the street and trying to play Frogger with your life on Spring Mountain (not recommended). Avoid the peak hours or make friends with the people who live down the street (or at the Asian massage parlor next door - score!). . The shrimp was great (lemon butter sauce!). I also really enjoyed the Catfish. The crawfish in the namesake however was way too much work for way too little meat. Also, their 'mild' is my 'spicy' though I still enjoyed tearing those bodies apart like some hungry, homicidal Cloverfield.. . The old man footed the bill during a visit to his favorite son and daughter in-law on the 9th island. I would definitely come back on my own though, for that awesome catfish and shrimp. Dress down and get dirty for some cooked bottom feeders!
Hot n Juicy is a great place to dine at.  The service is good, the price is good.  The food is very good.  This place seems to be more reasonably priced compared to the boiling crab.  It is also a good place for kids!
I am tired of the long line in bowling crab so I decided to try something new. It was 8pm and we got in right away. The parking is limited. I heard many complains about the service here but our server, Max,was excellent. Their crawfish is juicer sauce then boiling crab. No free lemon and lack dipping sauce.. We ordered 2lbs of crawfish, 1 lb. of shrimps, sweet potato fries, 2 drinks and the total came out to be $45.
This place may be the Asian version of boiling crab, but in Vegas and not as crowded and loud as boiling crab. the crawfish were delicious and i looovve everything here. however you have to be a fan of wanting to eat like a three year old and use your hands for everything as well as the table being your plate. this restaurant is very casual and laid back. the staff and was really nice and enthusiastic but they were a little inattentive to my table, well i can't complain too much they did have a birthday table right behind us but still. .  the food was good but not too filling. this plalce is worth to try.
The next best thing to boiling crab! The last few times I've been to vegas, I have eaten here for lunch. It is delicious! Their hot and juicy special mix isyummy! The last few times I've been here, the service is great! The waitresses are attentive and very friendly! Food comes out pretty quickly, and prices are fair! It surprises me how fresh the crawfish are! I heard they fly them in daily. YUM =) . . The oysters are also really good. The cajun fries are ok. I think the boiling crab ones is way better but what matters most, is the sauce for the seafood (which is delicious!). . My boyfriend left his credit card here and we were able to come back and retrieve it. So glad the staff didn't steal the credit card =) When we were getting his card back, we noticed there was like 6 other credit cards that people left. They kept it safe in the cash register! Thanks hot n juicy!!
I have been wanting to go to this place since seeing it on Man vs. Food. It is always packed, so doing be in a rush when you visit. Plus you will stay there awhile. It smells kind of gross if you aren't used to this sort of thing. The service was very good. Our waitress was helpful as we were on our maiden voyage. The service is the best part of the entire experience. . If you are with others and never had crawfish I would highly recommend to first order one pound then order more if you like them. It is an acquired taste and to tell you the truth I didn't like them. Especially sucking the juice from the head. Blah! I only tried the Special Sauce Mild and found it to actually be very good. I also had shrimp and it was more satisfying after all the work of peeling. Bigger reward at the end not like the tiny reward from crawfish. I was disappointed only because it looked so much better on TV. Would I go back? I highly doubt it as I couldn't get the smell out of my nose and breath for a coupe days. Wearing gloves makes it so hard to peel but saves on the stinkies. Maybe I needed to wash it down with a cold beer but in any case it only gets a 3Star because a 2Star wouldnt be reflective of the awesome service we had from our waitress. Waitress 5Star food was 2star.. . UPDATE: As funny as it might seem, I am wanting to go again, but staying away from the Crawfish. Have upped my rating because of the craving.
Spicy really means spicy, and medium means medium! Finally a place that got the heat system right!
My friend A'lene took me and my kids to this place similar to Boiling Crab in the OC. We ordered the garlic lemon flavored shrimp (mild) and cups of rice. The shrimp were huge and the sauce is to die for.  A'lene recommended pouring the sauce to the rice, twas perfect. I almost ate the whole bag of shrimp, almost forgot I was sharing it. hahaha. . The only complaint I have is the 25 minute wait and the noise level in the restaurant. Other than that, I highly recommend this restaurant. I could eat here everyday.
My brother, wife and kids were in town and spotted this as we drove and bombarded me with questions. It was good the last time I went, but it wasn't impressive that I was dying to go back. I was dreading a very ridiculous wait, but they said 20 minutes and it seemed like we got seated sooner than that. I guess in the recent year they've really ironed out their efficiency since our orders came swiftly was well.. . Ordered shrimp, crawfish, and clams in HNJ sauce, andouille sausage in hot butter, and one in lemon butter, half a dozen raw oysters, and rice. I've never been a fan of crawfish since it's a whole lot of shell for a little bitty nub of meat. The shrimp was big, juicy and perfectly cooked. The clams were pretty good but a few had a bit of sand still. I guess that's just a typical hazard with shells. After trying the sausages in other sauces, I still prefer the HNJ as my sauce- spicy and garlicky good. I was a tad miffed last time I came here with $2 rice being a piddly scoop- they made the serving bigger which they should. Asians rejoice!  My family liked this place so that's good. Sometimes being a Yelper everyone thinks you know ALL the things and I feel pressure being different in food taste too. . . Service was great. Very friendly, checked on us often, fast about getting things. I really think the staff here has finally figured out a groove. Only helps them to faster turnover.. . Of course this is a messy experience, but if you don't like getting your hands all garlicky and seafood smelling, you can request gloves! My nephew wanted gloves so his hands don't smell. They give you bibs of course but this isn't the spot to wear something nice to and avoid long sleeves like white button downs. Cracking shells is a splatter hazard. . . Yeah, this place is hyped to hell and I don't think is the greatest thing to happen to seafood like people make it out to be, but it is solid if you just want simple, fresh seafood. Sometimes clambake style food just hits that spot. If only it came with a sea view, I would feel complete.
What a way to start a vacation, great tasting crawfish!. . The crawfish was well seasoned and their spicy, hot n juicy special wasn't very spicy but it's fine, it was actually my preferred level of hotness.  Their cajun fries were good "enough", just some cajun spices sprinkled on regular french fries.  Their oysters were a good start also, but their chicken nuggets (we had a child with us) sucked.. . At 10.99/lb at the time of this writing, ah who cares, you're in Vegas, spend a little!
What a fun and unique place to eat!  I had a great time here and definitely want to return the next time I travel to Vegas.  I got here at about 8pm on a Friday night and didn't have to wait for a table.  Our waitress was very attentive and helpful.She recommended her favs and gave great suggestions.. The four of us ordered 3 lbs. shrimp, 1 lb. king crab legs, a lobster which was about 1.5 lbs. , and 4 corns.  We all liked the shrimp the best and found it very fun to peel the shells off.  We also all liked the hot n juicy sauce the best, which was a mixture of  all their sauces.  The medium spicy level was more than enough!  I recommend dipping your seafood into the sauce after you peel it out of its shell!  YUM!. I minused one star because they were out of the dungeness crab, they also shorted us 1 corn, and the lobster took very very long to come out (I think they accidentally forgot about it until we reminded them).. But this was a great dinner and a great experience and also very affordable!
Not as busy as boiling crab so the service is a lot better.  The hot n spicy flavoring is the way to go and all for more of a kick.  I almost couldn't handle the medium level of spiciness.   Good change of pace.
No matter what Boiling Crab & Hot and Juicy will always be compared to each other! Their menus & concepts are practically identical yet the 2 are quite different~ . . Atmosphere: I prefer BC! The restaurant is huge with plenty of TVs and I love how you can tag up their walls ~. . Service: BC wins! Their servers are always smiley & happy! I love how they put your bibs on for you~. . Quality: I think it's a tie! Both places have always had fresh seafood! Yummmmmy! And they usually have the same prices~ . . Corn/Potatoes/Sausage: For some reason they taste better at BC.. they just do! . . Special Sauce: I prefer the Hot & Juicy special sauce over the whole shabang! It has a stronger deeper flavor and you can definitely taste the garlic! BC can sometimes be way too salty for me... . Overall, The Boiling Crab wins but not by that much! I still like to eat at both places ~
Have been here  few times and have always loved it here!  The shrimp and the crab are my fav!  The wait staff has always been very friendly, although the most recent time i was there, they had already run out of a lot of menu items, and it was still very early in the night, which im not going to lie, of course upset me and made me highly consider going and trying out The Boiling crab... that review to come soon!  The space is very small, and you do feel like you are almost sitting ontop of the person besides you, and while eating food that tends to get very messy, thats not always a good feeling.  Over all, I have enjoyed my times here!
The girls their were super nice and friendly!!!They get 3 stars by themselves!!!The food was just ok.It reminds me of the boiling crab.Yes will go again.
Good little spot if you dont feel like boiling up your own seafoods. it is what it is really can say much. the food is fresh reasonably priced and it has options. . . The staffing could use a little more help with promptness as well as friendliness. I think most of them are there just to make some cash but it should also be about the customer too!
I love hot and juicy craw fish! Every time I go to Vegas, I'd like to stop by and eat here. Although last night, the craw fish didn't taste good since it was "California" craw fish instead of Louisiana craw fish. It had a fishy smell and the shell was harder than usual. The head had this white stringy thing that lead to the back so it was gross to see and eat it. Other than that, the sauce is really good! I would definitely come back but I would order the Lousiana craw fish this time. Overall, I had a pleasant experience once again.
To me I thought Hot N Juicy was just like boiling Crab, Everything tasted the same except I thought their Fried Shrimp Basket was delicious.. It seems like they fried their shirmp in corn meal which gave it a tasty bite and crunch.. I think that was the only difference and you don't have to wait an 1 1/2 hour in line like Boiling Crab in Garden Grove.. Prices I think are a little more expensive but hey they got to ship everything to Vegas.... I would come back esp. for the Fried Shrimp.
This is a must go to place if you visit Vegas and want some good crab. I lived down the street from this establishment and never went there until I was relaxing one day channel surfing and saw Adam Richman speaking on it.. Everyone I tell to go or take;never NOT, want that experience when in Vegas....
It was everything I heard it would be. So delicious. Definitely coming back.
11/1/12 - 6:30pm - I will admit, I am not a huge fan of Louisiana style seafood. However a large group of us were going out for dinner and this is the place they selected. I am pretty opened minded with food and wanted to give it a good shot. . . The place is busy, I definitely recommend planing to arrive with the possibility you will have to wait a minute for a table. My girlfriend and I had a lb of Shrimp mild with the hotnspicy special seasoning and a lb of blue crap with garlic butter. We also ordered the cajun fries and corn fritters. . . The shrimp showed up in a bag marinating in the sauce, the crab came shortly after in its own bag with the fries and fritters in tow. It was messy to eat and absolutely delicious!! I would definitely recommend the pace to anyone who wants to go enjoy some delicious seafood with incredible flavor. We had a great time and thoroughly enjoyed the food!!
the food here was great! The crawfish tasted fresh and they let u control how spicy you want it.  I always chose the most spicy lol.  The people here are always nice to me.  I wish the girl at the front desk would smile more, it would make me feel more invited.  All in all , a good experience and i would come here everytime i have a crawfish craving.
Seafood lover paradise....prepare to be messy but it's all good
Ok, when my friends told me we were going to hot and juicy AND we were in Vegas, I couldn't help but think they wanted to go to a strip joint that served food!!!. . Who would have known they had boiling seafood in Vegas?! With a pretty big Chinatown too.. . Service was pretty awesome. We get gloves, ultd supply of towels, people who check up on us all the time, and the waitresses would stay and chitchat with us. Awesome. It seemed like genuine interaction too, which was appreciated.
I love seafood and this place definitely has fresh seasonal seafood from blue crab, crawfish, clams, lobster, oyster, and shrimp. Since this place is usually packed, it's recommended that you call ahead for reservations. . . The staff and service is very helpful in recommendations and attentiveness. They will refill your glasses of water when they get a chance, get more napkins whenever they come to your table with more orders, and make sure you order enough before the kitchen is closed. . . The set up is simple: order seafood by the pound. You can choose the seasoning for your seafood (like Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, Hot N Juicy Special) as well as the spice level. Then, the food is served in clear plastic bags and all you need to do is rip it open and dig in. You can make a mess on the table and not worry about the clean up. It's messy, it's fun, and it's delicious. . . Besides seafood, you could order sides like their Cajun fries or rolls to soak up the flavorful broth or sauce that is used to cook the seafood. . . Fast, fun, and filling, Hot N Juicy Crawfish is the best place for people who want a feast of fresh seafood without the worry of cooking or cleaning up.
The name says it all! It sure was hot and juicy!!!. We had an order of:. Fried Shrimps (battered was ok). Calamari (average). Louisiana style crawfish (dang that was hot for medium). Hot and Juicy shrimps (BOMB). Hot and Juicy Crawfish (flavors exploded in my mouth). Some sort of deep fried popcorn CORN (YUM). . Their crawfishies did not disappoint.
Shrimp was great.. Crawfish were small.. Overall food was good.. Try the medium spice.. It is hot..
One pound of shrimp. Hot n' Juicy sauce. Medium. And a side of corn. That's all you need to leave here stuffed out of your mind. The scent of their cajun sauce will creep up on you for the next 24 hours and will stay on your fingers for a few days no matter how much you scrub it off. Quite frankly, though, why would you want to get rid of it? . . I've never been to Boiling Crab so I have nothing to compare to, but the Hot n' Juicy sauce is out of this world. Garlicy, sweet, spicy, savory, and any other cajun-related flavor sensation imaginable is packed into it. Shrimp is the way to go to get the most value. Why would anyone want to pay for a pound of crawfish and end up eating only 1/4 of it? . . Service is so-so. Since this location is smaller than its counterpart down the road, it can get pretty packed. Make a reservation ahead of time or prepare to wait at least 45 min for a large group like we did. Although the waitresses seem to be doing the best they can, they screwed up one of our orders and made it seem like they were doing us a favor by fixing it later. Not the greatest way to handle a situation.... . I'm with Adam Richman 100% of the way when he said "I could sit here eating some of the best crustaceans in the country all day."
I love the seasoning! Best in town compared to cravin crawfish and boiling crab. Love the food but dislike the service and management. They just seem everywhere and disorganized and not very attentive. If only the service was like boiling crab! That place is good too, but can't beat hnj seasoning!
I first went to HNJ on a Saturday afternoon.  Although it was crowded, we got right in with no wait.  We each had a pound of crawfish with the special, which is the mix of the various flavors.  We also got it on the "medium hot" side.  I like stuff hot, but I have heard they can really put the heat on, so I was a little concerned about ordering it straight up hot.  We also got some fried shrimp with french fries to share.. . The crawfish is delicious, but you have to WORK to get them.  They have so little meat, I would recommend shelling quite a few before eating.  In subsequent trips, my wife has had the shrimp, which are of course much larger.  They have a much better pay off, but don't have the delicious heads to suck out like the crawfish do.. . I was surprised by how good the fried shrimp was.  It's probably the best I have had in the valley.  The coating was crunchy, but not overly thick or greasy.  And, they are large.  This was surprising and certainly welcome.  . . All in all, HNJ lives up to its considerable hype after being featured on so many TV shows.  Give it a shot.
my favorite are the snow crab legs. i like it with lemon pepper sauce. their shrimp is big and their garlic butter sauce is delicious! i even like to get rice on the side to put sauce on it and eat the rice like that if i'm feeling really hungry. i'm not a fan of the hot n juicy special sauce though, i think it's a mixture of all the sauces put together and it just doesn't taste good. crawfish is good when in season long enough to grow big. when they're not in season they suck because it's frozen so it's mushy and doesn't taste as good.. . extra spicy is reallly spicy! to where its painful, so avoid unless you love very spicy food! i get spicy or medium.
I would agree that this place is a little better than boiling crab, in flavor and in service. Would definitely come back here when I am visiting Las Vegas again.
Good eating. 4lbs crawfish in the hot and juicy sauce. Mild spice. Wish i had ordered a notch up. Came with corn and potato. Also ordered 2lb shrimps. Delicious all around. Extremely messy. It was nice to try something different then all the buffets i ate the previous few days. Price was came out to about $60 or so. Will be back when i visit once again.
I don't want to lower my rating here, but something must be addressed:. . Prices. . . This is an eatery with fluctuating prices based on market sales, so what a pound of shrimp costs today might not be what it costs tomorrow. And their entire menu lists "Market Price" where you'd normally find actual numbers. . . So, where do they display this crucial information?. . On the back of my waitress' order book. . . They used to have a BIG SIGN advertising the day's prices. You know what's there now? A couple fucking TVs. How ingenious! Why let your customers know your prices when they could instead zone out on some fucking game and ignore the people they're dining with, all while annoying a waitress by making her hold up her "price guide" while I decide if I want king crab or clams. . . Best part: there isn't even a fucking bar in front of the fucking TVs. Not that this place even needs one, but the lack of seating around these TVs proves their lack of worth even more so. . . If you own this place/are a manager: lose the fucking boob tubes and try to look like a real eatery, not another jerk-off spot with 26 TVs. I go out to eat (novel concept, eh?), not space out on crap. Get with it, guys.
Absolutely love both locations (which are like two blocks away from each other. I always get at least one pound of the fresh crawfish and a little of this and a little of that depending on who I'm with.. . My last trip I did find a piece of metal (scrubbing sponge thingy) in my fried calamari. They took it off the check for me no problem.. . Put a bib on because it gets a little messy with all the juicy deliciousness in the bag. Beware, you will smell like the things you order (plus garlic) for more than a little bit, but it's so tasty that it's all good with me!!!
When this first opened it pretty much didn't have much competition, that is no longer true. We have eaten there numerous times and the food is good. We love the crab, so sweet and meaty, even the snow crab. The sausage is perfect, crisp skin and just the right amount of spice. The etouffee is yummy, it actually tastes like the one I had in New Orleans. The fries are good, not really spicy though.  We never had the lobster there, just figured crab was their thing.  My only issue is the explanation of the spice level is sort of off. I can eat very spicy food, but for some reason, maybe due to the messiness, I get cuts all over my mouth from the peppers. On my second visit, I even downgraded the spice level, but yet again the same occurrence. I tend to now stay close to mild. Maybe I have sensitive skin, I don't know. Never the less, it's always a very good meal. But we have had better now. Don't get me wrong it's awesome food. Service is hit or miss. They are just so busy. But even really busy I have had an awesome male server.. . These are my negatives 1.) What is up with the tiny, tiny plastic ramekin for all those fries?? Seriously? Every time I go I have to ask for ketchup like 6 times and every single time (with exception of that awesome guy server we had) they bring 1 tiny, tiny ramekin. I don't consider myself the queen of common sense but I feel like I am dealing with servers that might not have the sense of urgency and common sense gene! If you are busy, wouldn't you just say  "F it, let me bring her the freaking bottle, because I don't have time for crazy ketchup lady!! " ?. . But no, again comes that plastic ramekin of 1 tablespoon of ketchup. Oh, OK I have calmed down, please excuse my rant. I guess I didn't realize how upset I was about the ketchup, I will get over it and move on. ( I don't mean to offend any of those servers they do work hard and service really isn't bad) Plus, I haven't been there in a few months, so maybe things have changed.. . Negative #2) The seating is a little congested for my liking. Tables are way to close together. I do understand it's a small place, so it's to be expected. But for me, when I want to relax and enjoy a meal this venue isn't appetizing to me.. . 3.) 2 restrooms, again it's limited spacing so I understand. But it doesn't mean I like it. And no bar to wait until your table is ready. Maybe I am spoiled. I don't like sitting, if you are lucky to get a seat ,Like I am waiting for a bus outside.. . Well, in conclusion, is it good food.? Yes it's great! I chose to come here when the negatives are not going to bother me. When I am hungry and want to grub and I don't care who sees or what I see!
Omgggg so! I kept hearing about these places,them n bc. In Vegas I stopped by, paid $11 a lb for hot n juicy special. 2lb minimum n it came w corn n potatoe. In total $26 bc I added sausage which was worth it. $26 was super steep bc of the name I suppose. In Texas it's the same quality just not as expensive. The food was HOT N JUICY. for ppl who like spicy,get spicy not mild. I came home from Vegas later that night n my bf made me bathe bc I smelled like it lol. It's true it stays on you but yummy. At least go once. At first I was pissed bc some of the fishtails were small.
The sauce is delicious!!! We went there twice twice in two days during our recent visit.  Highly recommend his place to those interested in some good eating.
Oh my gosh. After today's visit, I finally understand the hype around HNJ! This place is GOOD. The only thing that sucks is the wait! So it's a good thing it's worth it!. . We had a few people visiting from Texas, so my best friend Randy and I had to be strategic about getting a party of 10 people in this small space. Since they don't take reservations, I planned to put our name down early and wait before everyone else got there. The wait was at least 30 minutes when we got there. By the time everyone showed up, it had been 40 minutes, however, the hostess came out to inform us that they were preparing our table! Wonderful timing and within another five minutes, we had a table in the middle of the restaurant.. . The food was delicious and with a large group, the experience was so much fun! I don't normally like getting dirty or using my hands, but with the bibbs, plastic gloves, cracker, sheller, and paper towels, it made dinner very enjoyable. I ordered a pound of the KING CRAB LEGS (market price today was $25.99/lb) with the Hot N Juicy Special (all the seasonings combined) in Medium. Oh, it was so tasty and those legs were huge! It was challenging with thin plastic gloves and legs with gigantic spikes, so I utilized three pairs of gloves and several paper towels. I think there needs to be gardening gloves and/or real towels for those heavy duty crab legs! It can be pretty dangerous. Ruben and I also ordered the calamari and Cajun fries. All delicious! But that Hot N Juicy Special seasoning/sauce, WOW.. . Wonderful, wonderful place. The service was just okay, but I know they're busy and honestly, you're so consumed with wrestling crab legs that you forget your server hasn't checked on you. As long as they remember to keep the beverages filled, there's nothing lacking. Can't wait to go back!
Great shellfish selection.  It is important that you understanding your preference for spicy level and how that translates to their heat scale is critical. A mix of all the flavors and spicy is not a good look. The flavor becomes confusing essentially cancelling each other out. I enjoy spicy food but the individual flavors (Cajun, garlic, etc...) medium spicy is best here. None spicy is best for older folks and children. The spiciness affected my digestion.. . Bring plastic gloves because the sauces are wet can linger on your finger.
I give it 4 stars because I still like Boiling Crab (whole shebang) after trying HNJ out. Service was subpar. Waitress kept forgetting to bring us what we asked for so we told her not to bring it after we were done with our order.
Really good stuff, everything tasted fresh, spicy as their name and menu suggests and you get reasonable portions for the amount you pay. I had 1lb of crawfish, 1lb of shrimp, and 1lb of clams, and in retrospect I would say 2.5 lbs instead of the 3lbs I had would have been a better choice as I was extremely full after this. If you like crawfish then go ahead and order it here, if you never had it or are on the fence I would refrain because a) its much harder to eat than the other items b) they can be somewhat small so you spend a lot of time for little meat.. . I am docking a star because of the garlic overpower at times, and surprisingly it lasts for about 10 hours after you eat and you will have it in your breath and constantly taste it even after brushing your teeth. Wake up in the morning and you might be burping garlic flavors. They have a few different flavors so not everything has to be spicy and hot but it all mixes so it tastes pretty much the same.
I've heard a lot about this place, so I was really excited to finally try it.  I was told in advance to get shrimp instead of the craw-fish so you don't have to do as much removing of shells.. . The waits are long here and parking is very scarce up front, so be prepared to park on the side street.  The menu is very simple and the waitress is more than willing to explain how everything works.. . We ordered a basket of the hot fries for the table and they lived up to their name.  As tasty as they were it's a good thing to split with a group because I imagine they wear on you in the long-run.. . I decided on the Hot N Juicy special sauce shrimp.  They bring it out in a hot plastic bag and from there you go to town.  After an intro lesson from someone in our party, I was peeling shrimp faster and faster as the night went on.  It definitely is a lot of work peeling especially when the food is still a little hot, but on the plus side it slows your pace of eating so you don't eat too much!. . After all was said and done the food was OK, It's been 3 days and I still have a hint of garlic smell on my hands and the next day when I went for a run my sweat smelled like the sauce!  For all the effort you put in I wish the food was better, but the experience is something to live.. . Tip:  Make sure to not wear any fancy clothing and possibly ask for gloves so your hands don't stink for days.
Be prepared to get down and dirty here!!!!!. . This place was so yummy!! Maybe even TOO yummy.  Definitely ate more than my little tummy could handle. . . Had the shrimp with potatoes and corn.  So tasty.  Our waitress was nice, our service was great. I enjoy these kinds of places.  And I am glad that there is one near where I live.
Did somebody say CRAWFISH? omg, where?!?! I looooove crawfish. Heck, I absolutely love seafood, period! When my boyfriend and I were in Vegas, we decided to check out Hot N Juicy Crawfish. I know there's one in Fountain Valley but we wanted to check out the O.G. Hot N Juicy restaurant. Wasn't this place featured on one of the food network shows or something? Anyway, the servers were nice and informative. The reason why I say informative is because one of the servers thoroughly explained to us the concept of eating crawfish. When she was explaining, I was laughing in my head because shoot, I am a pro/master at eating this stuff! Not to brag but I worked at a crawfish restaurant before so yeaaa I think I am pretty familiar with this stuff haha! Nonetheless, it was still fun listening to her show us how to eat crawfish. Anyway, on to judging the food itself... The seasoning was very good! I thought it would be whatevers and nothing can compare to Boiling Crab's seasoning but the seasoning here comes close to Boiling Crab. If I'm ever in Vegas, I will stop by Hot N Juicy again. I wonder if the seasoning at the Hot N Juicy Crawfish in Fountain Valley taste similar to the one in Vegas...
Yummy- huge shrimp for about $10 a pound. Huge crawfish for same price. My hubby and I ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and 2 pounds of shrimp. Yummy. Also ordered an extra potato and corn which they brought out in a styrofoam cup with the awesome hit n juicy special sauce with loads of garlic. Yummy. I loved it. We ordered medium and mild hit n juicy special seasoning. It is hot but good. And please ask for gloves because not only will your hand smell like garlic for days but if u have small cuts from peeling crawfish in your hands, all that spiciness will burn your hands. I would go back next time we come back.  U have to come by and try it out. Very casual atmosphere and awesome music. Wear casual clothing and tie up your hair.0, because u will get dirty from all that sauce on your hands.
Am a big fan of a shrimp boil, but this place brought it to a new level.  We ordered shrimp and crawfish--loved them both. As far as flavoring we like Hot and Juicy which is a mix of all the flavors. Wouldalso  recommend adding the sausage to either for a few dollars extra. Also the sweet potato fries are great.  Went for lunch and got right in, but we were there when they opened.
LOVE. This is a regular spot for my friends and I. We went there this weekend and got the snow crab. It was awesome! A lot of our crab legs were pretty skimpy on the meat tho, but we mentioned it to our server and she gave us an extra half pound. Then because it took so long to get that half pound (they were pretty busy), she changed it to an additional pound PLUS took a pound off of our bill. . I have noticed that the service is a little inconsistent...sometimes they go above and beyond and sometimes they don't. We have had a problem with getting our drinks refilled and getting our bill split. But it really does depend on the server. Sometimes they'll say that the bill can't be split, other times it's not an issue. One thing is consistent tho - the food is always delicious!!!! I've had the crawfish, mussels, snow crab, and shrimp. Their fries are pretty delicious (I usually order a basket to dip in the sauce). Their etouffee is also fantastic. Can't go wrong here!
I highly anticipated my trip to Hot N Juicy during my visit to Vegas last week.  Not even an hour after we checked into our hotel and set down our bags, we were already on our way to hot n juicy crawfish.  We arrived around 6pm on Saturday.  The wait was only a few minutes.  We ordered 1lb of crawfish and 2lbs of dungeness crab. I love traveling west to get my dungeness fix!  We ordered both in the mild hot n juicy sauce.  Our waitress, Robin, told us the mild level wasn't spicy and only had a little kick.  For my newbie taste buds, it was quite the slap! The crawfish soaked up a lot more flavor and spices.  I'm not complaining, but for anyone REALLY averse to spiciness, you're in for a surprise! The dungeness on the other hand was perfection. I was licking the shell and all - that's how amazing it was. . . In terms of service, the wait staff is nice, but forgetful.  I get it, they're busy! They won't lie to you if they forget to put in an order.  We found it to be a little charming.  I don't mind being vocal about what I want, so it wasn't a real problem for me.  But I can see how some can be frustrated if an order is forgotten.  I still had a great experience!
Where do I start with this place?  I haven't found a single place that even begins to compare to the awesome seasoning this place uses.  It is hot and juicy, as the restaurant name suggests, and damn delicious. . . The servers all bear a striking resemblance to Suicide Girls except without the attitude problem. I wish I remembered our girl's name, as she was super friendly and helpful, and even put on some gloves and demonstrated how to most efficiently peel our crawfish for the newbs at the table.. . Ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and sausage (which should definitely be combined!) all in the special Hot and Juicy seasoning, medium level, which combines all of their flavors and was amazing. We also went through a basket of crispy cajun fries and added on some crab legs, but I don't remember what kind.. . As with most restaurants that serve by the pound, this place can get pricey if you're not careful, but it is so tasty you'll pull out your wallet without a second thought.
Good stuff and very affordable ..
Visited here for the first time this weekend.  it was my first time eating crawfish, was definitely a good time.  It is sort of gimmicky, but fun.  I wouldn't do it every week but every once in a while is fun.  Like others have said, be prepared to get down and dirty.  I
Finally, I found a place that is comparable to my favorite Boiling Crab (BC). I'm talking about crawfish and the fries since that is all I've tried here. . . With great reviews and how it was on Man vs. Food. It was a must try on my list when I went to Vegas. I got the hot and juicy special crawfish because the waiter said it's similar to BC's "whole shabang." It is indeed 90% similar, and the 10% is that it was overload with garlic. Yup!! I was safe from vampires the whole weekend. Thank you hot n juicy, but no thanks. My garlic scent caused Jeremiah (the dude who sang birthday sex) to not show up at Chateau Paris Night Club that night. It was a sad day.  Ok, I exaggerate a little, but yeah I was a little overwhelmed with how much garlic is in it (and I love garlic). Nonetheless, the crawfish was succulent and fingers licking. The cajun fries were also so good, a tab better than BC's fries. . . The staff was friendly so that is a plus. . . Crawfish was $8.99/lb...expensive! But I guess the price came with fame.. . I'd recommend this place if you like BC or/and garlic of course.
You gotta love a place that gives you a bib and wraps the table in a plastic bag. Here's a tip, don't wear white clothing to this place.. . The food was fantastic. You order meat by the pound and pick your sauce. I went with their combo spice and picked 1lb in medium and 1lb in spicy. The crawfish was good but you get less meat for your money. The shrimp was delicious. We also had raw oysters which were also amazing.. . I also tried the etoufee. It was pretty good but I've had better. Stick to the pounds of meat and you'll have a great time here getting messy with delicious seafood!
Came here after getting silly and drunk! I felt like Dexter during a kill, plastic everywhere to protect you from the splatter to come. The girls waiting on us were fun and helpful. Told us that the crawfish can come pretty spicy so order one down, so we got the mild (wimps we are)..   We ordered beers and our crawfish were fun little buggers to eat, however it does come in a soupy bag, and the amount of garlic is nuts. My vampire husband got a little queasy, he doesn't handle garlic too well, next time he will try one of their other fun items. My breath was humming till the next morning, but I'm cool with that. I also got a cute tank top! If you come to Vegas often I would say you have to come here at least once.
We saw an episode of Man vs Food for this place just before our Vegas trip, so we brought the hubby here for Father's day.  This location had the Man vs. Food banner  so we knew we were in the right place.  We had to circle to get a parking spot.  It was 90 degrees outside, but comfy inside.  We were able to snag one of the last tables. The other tables had families with kids, couples, and friends. The wait staff was all young and friendly.  We ordered a pound of shrimp in garlic sauce and a pound in the hot n juicy special sauce, mild for both.  They were nice size shrimp.  The flavor of the sauce was great and the shrimp tasted fresh.  The tables were covered with plastic and they had plastic gloves for us.   A big roll ofpapertowels was on the table.  It was messy.  The shrimp comes tied up in a plastic bag.  The kids got chicken nuggets and fried shrimp with fries, which came in a little basket and they were okay.  We didn't like the etoufee with rice that we ordered.  The flavor wasn't what we were use to, but the texture and rice seemed normal.  . My family doesn't like the shrimp heads, so lucky me, I got them all.  I didn't eat them all, but I ate quite a few.  I didn't feel well afterwards, maybe it was the shrimp heads.  Hubby and kids were fine.  I normally have a pretty iron stomach, so I would try it again.
The crawfish were a bit challenging to eat. Be aware that their mild is still on the spicy side. I don't even want to imagine what their "extra spicy" sauce does to your mouth. .  Oh yeah, also, you can order half pounds of the creatures you order to eat. . Be ready to spend some time and some money when you eat there.
2 parts to the review... . First comes to the actual experience my group of 7 and I had. The second is how Noemy Avalos, the amazing manager took care of the matter.. . We began on a positive note when our male server took our drink order and explained thoroughly about the process of ordering from the menu. He was very polite, patient, and knowledgeable. Once our drinks were delivered, we had a new server, Natali. After she took our orders, our experience quickly became negative, as our food orders were all mixed up and half the food came out much later than the rest. Natali was kind enough to take off 2 items off our bill that took over an hour to arrive. We were already in a rush to catch a show, and we decided to settle up as quickly as possible. . . When Natali delivered the bill, there were items that were added that weren't ordered. We had to explain that these extra charges were in fact not ours. She brought a new bill out, without explaining the automatic 17%  gratuity that was added. Because of the amount of time spent waiting for food, we decided to settle using 1 visa card, and worried about splitting the charges within the group afterwards since we were out of time.. . Due to the rush, we tipped an extra $50 on top of the automatic gratuity, which was NOT deserved. While signing the receipt at the cashier, Natali should of mentioned that tip was already included. We understand that we should've spent a bit more time reading over the bill, but with 8 people rushing to catch a show, we weren't fully able to analyze the receipt. . . We let Noemy Avalos know of this matter, and she not only decided to give back the $50, but she offered to refund the entire tip $100+ back. Amazing manager, and a pleasure to talk with.. . We will return, when we come back to Vegas for EDC 2014. :)
If you want to grub out on a ton of delicious, juicy seafood this is your spot. The concept is simple: choose what type of seafood you want and how many pounds of it you want. You can also choose the type of spice you'd like. They have more than just cajun if you aren't looking for spicy (Lemon Pepper, etc). I had a pound of the shrimp, Cajun style. I got the medium spicy level because I wasn't sure, but it was nothing. I wish I got the most spicy. I also had the oysters on the half shell. The prices are reasonable and nothing beats well cooked seafood and lots of it!
Been here three times already, but we've always gotten take out.  It's usually very busy and parking is a pain.  For a place that is so popping I'm surprise they are in such a tight spot with parking, etc.  The food though is great.  We usually get a few pounds of crab legs and a pound of shrimp.  I could eat the crab legs all by myself though lol and every time we finish eating I am left wanting more.  I had never had crab legs like this until I came here.  Everything is priced based on the market.  Can't wait to take my parents to the one in Orange County.
Great value! Dinner for 5 with tip, $120. 3 orders of 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound of crawfish, 1 pound of mussels, 1 pounds of king crab legs, calamari, sweet potato fries and all of us got a soda. Food was flavorful, messy and fun! Chicago definitely needs a place like that. When you see market price on the menu, you think it's going to be really expensive, it wasn't at all. What a pleasant surprise. Fast service, yes there was a 20 minute wait to get a table after 9pm, but it was well worth it.
I used to live in Nawlins and my friend took me here to try it out and see if it was the real deal.  It definitely was.  . . We went in there with big hangovers and appetites.  The waitress was engaging and attentive.  My friend and I had fun goofing around with her while asking questions and trying to make decisions.  . . We ordered a bunch of dungie and crawdads along with some baskets of fried stuff.  Over the course of the next hour we did our best to eat it all--we ordered too much--while having fun with the people at the tables around us.  . . All in all it was a great crowd and we had a good time.
Sooo fucking good but I always have the worst gas afterwards.. zoo now i just get the non butter and garlic seasonings... still good tho.. but yeah.. no gas for my ass. peace ho!
Se amate i crostacei in salsa piccante questo e il posto che fa per voi!. Aragoste giganti servite intere e tonnellate di gamberi vengono serviti in sacchetti di plastica trasparenti pieni di salsa piccante (con gradazioni da Mild a Extreme) che vanno mangiati rigorosamente con le mani.. Non esistono piatti e posate quindi se non amate sporcarvi le mani non avvicinatevi nemmeno.. Purtroppo l'aspetto negativo e che poi uscendo dal ristorante rimane sui vestiti (e non solo) una tremenda puzza di aglio.... . Dopotutto pero ne vale la pena!
Yummy but I'm mad @ the waitress. I love spicy but I wasn't prepared for this intensity of spice. I could handle the spice as long as there was a steady delivery of ice water to my table. I watched my waitress pass by a handful of times never even checking to see if I needed more water even though my glass had been empty for a while. I was waiting patiently but my mouth was on fire so at one point I tilled the glass to sip some of the melted ice water and an i accidental sucked the ice cube into my mouth. It got stuck in my throat and I was choking on it. It was really painful but I didn't panic because being that it was ice it was eventually going to melt down so I could either cough it up or swallow it. Of course my eyes were watering and I couldn't breath and i could've passed out. A minute later I was able to cough up the ice cube and I was fine. . . I would eat here again because i love seafood but i will request a pitcher of water so I won't have to wait for the waitress.
Overall,Enjoyed my Feast. Living along the Gulf  Coast  in Houston TX I was used to great seafood,hmmm, lets see what a little joint in Nevada can do? They did not disappoint, Althoght I wasn't used to the $11/pound price for crawfish, you can get 5 pounds for that price back in TX,anyway, I ordered 2 lbs crawfish,fries,calamari,and a cold Sapporo. My only real let down was the calamari, it seemed like it had just been from a freezer/nuked,then to the plate? Even the sauce was still semi frozen when it came to the table,it just seemed High School cafeteria qaulity. I used to work for Gordon Ramsay in NYC, so I know Fresh Food when I eat it,and unfortunately,the calamari just wasn't. My whole bill was $38 dollars, $3 dollars more than the Seafood Buffet at Rio which I will be trying next. Overall, Worth the Visit, and looks like a great Date place!
You have to know what you are getting when you come here.  I had the shrimp and crab legs.  Food was as expected and sauce was on par as to how the staff described it.  I've been to the boiling crab and I would say this is better since its got more variety and this is more raw in your face good.
The excellent place to have a New Orleans style seafood!  Wish there restroom need additional stalls!
Crawfish, crawfish, crawfish.  Theirs nothing better then good fusion!!!  Just get their early cause it gets busy
This place is really good! So glad we got to try it while our here in Vegas. Very similar to Boiling Crab. I ordered a pound of shrimp, in the hot n juicy sauce; It is a little bit more spicy, though (I got the medium spice). My boyfriend ordered the same things, but in a mild spice,. which was even still a little spicy for him. he also ordered the oysters and said that these were the best oysters he's ever had. The place was pretty busy, but the staff did a good job checking on everyone. Would definitely eat here again. It's worth the money to take a cab here!
I knew I shouldn't have come here after having a early morning flight from Dulles Airport but I was convinced by my sister that it was a must have even if I was dead tired, sleepy and knowing i had to go out in the next few hours AND just got my french manicure.  We arrived by taxi which was no problem and got seated immediately.  I looked at all of the bibs and thought that this surely would make me pass out with no problem.  I did the best I could, I told our waiter that I needed cokes and any drink with caffeine.  I decided NOT to order the crawfish and went ahead and ordered the shrimp.  My sister went ahead and got the crawfish daggonit and a side of fries.  . . It all started really good, I felt alive,  I doubled up on my gloves and I felt like I could get past this 'tiredness' like I used to in college just push on through it.  I even got a crawfish from our 1 pound bag and thought - this is no big deal.  Handful of fries - gone. Broke off the heads of the shrimp (yes, they have the heads on) and threw them back in the bag and kept eating.  I then came up for air and then it hit - that coma, that feeling that takes over you as you realize you might have had a little too much and not only that you're 3 hours behind your NORMAL time.  Then i gave up.  To make matters even worse we walked outside and got punched in the face due to the heat.  We had a great time there and the service and food was great.. . Just a note to those who did NOT rent a car and taxi their way through Vegas -- Taxi's are NOT frequent here so call ahead about 30 minutes before you leave.. . 4 Stars.
I was contacted by management and my complaint was taking very serious. I appreciate the fact that they read and cared about my experience. I will give them another chance when I am in Vegas. As usual I will still be chowing down at the West Hollywood location. BOMB!!
Great food and atmosphere. Prepare to get sauce all over you and smell weird for the next 2 days. I recommend not eating this before work if you have a night term shift and I also recommend the bib. . . Other than that, this place rocks!
It was good but im always loyal to boiling crab though. not bad for something different!
Man this place definitely lives up to its hype. The atmosphere is great and the food is amazing. The hot n juicy sauce it full of flavor.  I will definitely have to  go back when I return to Vegas. This place would have received a 5 star from me but the waitress helping my party kept dropping the ball. We repeatedly had remind her of things she was forgetting. Maybe because it was really busy that night. Idk. Other then that. I highly recommend it
The hubs and I made this out first stop off the plane for lunch as we were too early for our hotel check-in. We waited about 20 minutes. Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. We ordered 1/2 lb. of shrimp, a lb. of crawfish and sausage and the soft shell crab platter. Seasoning was very tasty. I wish we ordered more shrimp. The soft shell crab was a little too battered. Still glad we gave it a try. I seriously think our waiter made the experience. He was awesome with refilling our drinks and bringing us extra gloves.
After passing by this place half a dozen times and laughing at the name, I saw it recommended in Fodor's, and quickly Yelped it to see that  it was indeed a highly appreciated, just two dollar signs, seafood spot.  Couldn't wait to go, and it was dee-licious!  . . I had a pound of snow crab legs in their hot and juicy sauce.  Normally I would get the crawfish, but they are out of season right now, so they just had frozen available.  Thankfully our server had given us a heads up that their spicy was a notch or two above most other places; I had "mild" and my lips were burning with the first bite.  Not that I let a little thing like that slow me down.  You have to order corn and red bliss potatoes by the piece, so I had one of each, and they had also absorbed the awesome hot spicy flavor from the sauce.. . The weak link in this restaurant are the servers.  Supposedly every server is yours, not just one.  But we found that meant asking several people for the same item before we actually got it.  Happened twice to us with requests for more ketchup and more water, and we heard the table next to us say the same thing.  Also, our original server placed our order incorrectly (which she acknowledged immediately) so then one member of our party had to wait 10+ minutes for her food to come out while the rest of us were eating.  And since we didn't have our "own" waitress, nobody gave us updates, nobody let a manager know, and we kept having to flag servers down to find out what was happening.  It definitely turned a five star rating into a four star rating.
This joint is packed 'til closing for a reason.  Crab, beer and sports.  Simple.  I will definitely stop by whenever I'm in Las Vegas.  Next time, I bring in the professional crab eating gloves.
PRO: Fun Place to go with a group.. PRO& CON: Prepare to get sloppy!
The service was fast and the shrimp was great. I've been to both locations and this one is the best. Not in the greatest location but so worth it. I've called and picked up to go also and it's quick and easy
great food, service was ok. This is not a place you go to eat very often but when you do, you gotta go big!!!
Let me start by saying that Hot and Juicy is one of my local fav's...  I recently stopped in for a quick 1lbs. bag 'o shrimp, which I get with the "hot and juicy, "medium" sauce'. For some reason it tasted different than it usually does, with a faint, bitter aftertaste and not the usual, "smack you in the face" garlic punch. . . It took a little while to realize that they had substituted the fresh garlic for the cheap bottled chopped garlic stuff that barely resembles garlic!!!! It was totally depressing that a restaurant that seems to be busy from the moment they open to the moment they close would need the sacrifice that distinct garlicky goodness for a bitter sulfur flavored imitation...... . I hope they wise up and switch back soon!
My buddy dragged me here but I was not really looking forward to it. Boy was I glad he did! This place is amazing. Went here for lunch, a short cab ride from the strip over to Chinatown. Located in a strip mall it is very casual, but nice and clean. I ordered two pounds of snow crab and a pound of king crab in their Hot N Juicy hot sauce which is a combination of all their sauces mixed together and it was delicious. NOTE: you can order mild hot or extra hot, I am usually an extra hot kind of a guy(don't you agree? KIDDING!)) but the waitress warned me that there sauces  are very hot and customers always say the stuff is hotter that they expected. In fact it was true their medium is hotter than most places hot or even extra hot. it was not too hot for me but I was pleasantly suprised at the heat levels. We also ordered a few side dishes, frys and corn fritters. They also serve bottled beers which are a must in my opinion and I am not a big beer drinker but this food goes well with a beer or three LOL. Another note, it is kinda messy so don't wear white and wear the silly bib they give you.. . I am looking forward to my next trip to vegas so I can go back and eat here again.
Saw this place on Man vs Food and had to try it.  It was great!  Crawfish and shrimp were excellent and the Cajun Fries were terrific too!  Service great also.
This is a must for my sisters and I.  We try to make it while we are in Vegas.  We always order the Cajun (mild) Shrimp, Clams, and Crawfish.  The oysters are fresh and delicious, so delicious that I want to lick the whole shell! LOL We leave the carbs out so we don't get too full.  The food is great and the staff very friendly.   If you want a place out of the ordinary buffets and expensive burgers, stop by and have some crawfish! You won't be disappointed.
