Great steakhouse and outside the strip. I've had this bookmarked for such a long time now. I am finally glad I was able to dine here for NYE. It had a nice old school feel inside. The service was on point. The bread that was brought out was amazing. It had sesame seeds on top and extremely soft. I ate that thing like I was on crack. I decided to skip the appetizers and go right for the prime bone in porterhouse steak. It was well cooked, buttered right, and tasted amazing. I had it medium rare so it was a dark purple/pink on the inside.The sides I went with were the mashed potatoes which were too spicy and was overdosed with pepper. The asparagus was good but I've had better. This is a great steakhouse and one of the best I've had in Vegas. Oh forgot to mention that I had a glass of pinot noir red wine. I ordered it while I was at the bar and it was happy hour pricing =D  Great steak dinner. . Recommendation: Prime bone in porterhouse steak.
Del Frisco's . . Wow! what can I say but wow! This is how a meal is supposed to be. Good food, good friends, good times and in Las Vegas what more can you ask for...yes there was a limo involved. . . So here's the run down kids, Old fashioned done to perfection. They make you feel like a VIP from the moment you step in the door. The food; Meat, Meat and more Meat. Who cares about the sides, there will be no awards given for supporting cast members on this meal. . . Accept for the brief appearance by lobster tail, the steak is the headliner. When you go, act like you've been there before, expect to order sides because the steak stands alone and bring your casino winnings so you can pay for your meal.
Wow! This place has some of the best steak i have ever ate (and i am a steak and potato person). A little pricey but well worth every cent. Did have an issue with the hostess when i called to see about their wait, she said there was none and when i got there it happen to be 30 mins (took like 20 mins to get seated) and it took me 3-5 mins to get there. If there was a wait, she should of just told us and i would of been okay with it. . . Stepped into the bar area and they had some live music playing, a guy on the piano. The bartender was nice and they had a decent selection of beers. We finally got seated and it did take a minute for the waiter to attend to us but it is ok. I ordered a wedge salad to start with a rib eye steak as my main course. I ordered the asparagus andmy coworker also ordered the rib eye with potatoes au gratin (caesar salad as a starter). Sides are family style. Started with the bread which was wonderful, the salads where good but nothing spectacular. The steak was the main event! It was seasoned perfect and cooked exactly how i wanted it. The sides where a good companion to the steaks. The steak here was one of the best steaks i have ever eaten in my life time. I will go back with no hesitation (actually i will hesitate a bit, $160 for two people with no tip)!
Have eaten here several times.  Amazing meals served with wonderful sides.  Seriously, the best crabcake I've ever had in my life and I've had them everywhere!  We go often and sit at the bar and get cocktails and appetizers - always a crabcake.  Pricey but worth it.
My absolute favorite steak anywhere! My wife isn't a meat fan and still raves about their bone-in ribeye. Nice atmosphere in a very old school steakhouse environment. My only complaint is just a common one these days and that is no place has old school waiters who treat their jobs like the profession it really is. When a waiter is a skilled and respectable pro...your meal shines!
This place consistently delivers.  Great service and good food.  I was impressed when the waiter didn't comment (good or bad) when one of our party requested a small fillet well done. Excellent sides. The down side is that it's a bit out of the way and  the atmosphere was  marred by several tables of young men acting like they were at a fraternity bar rather than a fine dining establishment to the point  that several diners complained to staff without avail.
It was the first time my boyfriend and I went and it seemed like they have quite a few repeat customers.  It was impressive to see the hostess/servers interact with the customers, however... I must say that we felt kinda unspecial because of that.  (i don't know if that's fair to knock them on though...). . Tuna tartare was eh.  The steaks were good and the lemon cake was delicious.  We couldn't finish our meal, so we packed all the leftovers ate it over 2 meals the next day.  Still delicious.. . One thing that made our night was the music.  They had a pianist sing and play the piano.  It really created a classy and relaxing atmosphere.
I've been here a handful of times for various bachelor parties.. . It wouldn't be my first choice since its located off the strip, but the food is solid. I'm too disinterested to write anything more, but I think Del Frisco's is a safe bet for a good steak.
every thing was good.. the lamb was AWSOME!! . - 1 star cuz one of my firnds order was totally messed up
service was amazing, never had an empty glass of water, never waited for anything.. . started off with the seafood plateau with extra stone crab claws. soo good.. . the steak was HUGE like massive bone and steak. we got the special kobe bone in steak that was a ridiculous size i think maybe 22 oz? i forgot. but it was cooked to perfection. . sides were lobster mac and cheese which was good but not amazing, and string beans with were tasty. . dessert bleh nothing special about the molten chocolate cake too dense.
I love my steak.  I love FREE steak even better!  Once again, thanks to my position as a geeky network admin I got to enjoy the benefits of an informative IT seminar.  At Del Frisco's no less!. . The IT seminar started off well with at least 50+ people from all over Las Vegas, IT workers from private and public institutions.  But in our minds I'm pretty sure everyone was quietly chanting to themselves, "Go meat, meat...go meat, meat".  I know I wasn't completely focused on 'cloud computing' and 'server virtualization'!. . After about an hour of the presentation our lunch started arriving.  We started off with a basket of their fresh bread, nice and warm out of the oven.  Good stuff I tell you!  We started off with the Del Frisco house salad with fresh lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, fresh croutons, and two large slices of smoked bacon.  This was topped with their avocado ranch dressing.  Great salad!  But definitely, definitely not on the health conscious side!  The salad was fresh, and the large house cut croutons were a very nice touch.  The creaminess of the avocado ranch cut through the saltiness of the bacon quite nicely.  With a little fresh ground black pepper on top the salad was excellent.. . While the IT seminar continued in the background, our next course came out.  We had the choice of either an 8 oz. filet mignon, 12 oz. ribeye, or the salmon.  Needless to say, when in a steak house do what the meatatarians do!  Salmon was out.  Medium rare ribeye was in!  However when I got my lil' slab of flesh something was amiss.  I noticed right away just by look that my steak was not cooked correctly.  Cut into it...damn!  It's near well done!  WTH?  I immediately call over the waiter and tell him I ordered medium rare ribeye.  He apologized profusely and said that he'll fix that right away.  I had to wait an extra 15 minutes for my ribeye but it was so worth it.  Waiter came back with my new steak, apologized again and said that there was a mistake in the kitchen and my previous order was at the wrong table.  Wow, who orders an expensive cut of meat well done?  For shame, I tell you!  . . That steak was like buttah!  Well, actually after broiling it was topped with a pat of butter as well, nicely melting on top of my ribeye.  So tender!  So juicy!  Seasoned just right with salt and pepper.  No steak sauce needed when the quality of the meat is great!  My ribeye also came accompanied with some of Del Frisco's chateau potatoes (similar to garlic mashed potatoes) that was good as well.  Very creamy and silky, you could tell the potatoes had a lot of butter in them.  I took a few bites, but concentrated on using all my allowed calories for the day on that lovely ribeye.  Done!  That ribeye was PWND!. . Near the end of out IT seminar dessert came out.  We were treated to a large serving of bread pudding.  I was treated to a large serving of GUILT.  Calorie consumption for day had easily exceeded the 2500 mark.  But it looked so good!  What would Tony Horton and my friends at P90X say?  I don't really recall, but up went my spoon!  The bread pudding was pretty good, very sweet and indulgent with their rum laced light caramel sauce.  And boy could I taste the butter!  After four bites I finally put my spoon down.  Whew!        . . Fattening lunch to say the least.  I was a wee bit slower trying to do an ungodly number of pullups that day for P90X.  But it was worth it!  . . Much thanks to the tech company hosting the seminar for the good eats!  Del Frisco...great food and great service!  Service was excellent and attentive, and the immediate fix to my mi-steak (get it?  LOL) was much appreciated.  I will definitely have to visit here to have a real sit down dinner in their dining room!  Though this time I will have to foot the bill.  Aww, sad me.
Del Frisco's Las Vegas delivers not nearly the quality delivered of their Manhattan location, but they serve a great steak, tasty bread and good side dishes. Plus, the service is excellent. . . I ordered the 12oz Filet Mignon and it was served basically as sushi...raw on the inside. I am not sure why they didn't butterfly the tall filet. Anyway, after the second try, the steak was still raw on the inside, so - to the restaurant's credit - the general manager visited our table with a new steak on the house. That action saved the night. . . As for the side dishes (everything is a'la carte) the Caesar salad was wonderful with a light and tasty dressing, the onion rings were hot, flavorful and not greasy, and the lobster macaroni and cheese was good, though not my favorite dish in the first place. Their complimentary bread is fresh, hot, soft and flavorful. Even the valet out front raved about the bread. . . Getting there requires a $20 cab ride from the Strip. During your 90-minute stay, be prepared for steep prices, dark lighting, great service and above average food. Trying to get back to the trip can take time due to the location, so plan ahead!. . This was not the best steak I've had - even within the Del Frisco's locations - but it is a great place for a special occasion or a night on the town.
Hands down one of the best steakhouses I've been too. Please note though - I did not actually have the steak, but my boyfriend did. Who said it was absolutely excellent.. . Everything about this place is nice. Our server was super attentive and had answers to all of our questions. Their raspberry martini is the bomb.com, as well as their lemon drop. . . Their bread. What can I say about the bread. Have you ever had bread melt in your mouth? Yes its that good.. . My chicken dish was decent. The actual chicken was just okay, but the vegetables and rice it came with was the best. Our side order of mashed potatoes was also great.. . Overall a great experience. Not to mention they had a live piano player. Was a wonderful night!
I love a good steak, and I hadn't had one in ages. When it came time to pick a place for my birthday dinner, I said that I didn't really care where we went as long as I could get a good steak. Del Frisco's did not disappoint. We ordered the "Power Couple" Del Frisco's $99 three course menu for two (available until Labor Day). We also added a side of Lobster Macaroni & Cheese.I love lobster, and I love macaroni and cheese... How can you go wrong?! We were both pleased with our salads. Our steaks were absolutely perfect, and the Signature Crab Cake was a delicious mountain of crab. I would have liked a little more of the Cajun Lobster Sauce with my crab cake. The Chateau Potatoes were yummy. The Spinach Supreme was tasty, but it wasn't my favorite. Unfortunately, I was fairly underwhelmed by the Lobster Macaroni & Cheese... Too much to live up to maybe? We finished the meal with Bread Pudding and Chocolate Mousse. The bread pudding was dense and full of raisins and nuts, not really my taste.The chocolate mousse was fantastic. There was a little hidden layer of cake inside that I really enjoyed. They have also have a decent selection of wines by the glass and Scotch whisky.
I was looking for a Steakhouse in Vegas that served Kobe Beef. Del Frisko had a 3/4 Pound Kobe Rib Eye Steak. I shared it with my wife and was in heaven. Now I know, what all the commotion is about Kobe Beef. The next time I am in Vegas I will definatly return to Del Frisco's
Great steaks and service.  The Sommelier (Steve) was great and matched the wine perfectly with our food.  Wine price was about 3-4x retail though.  Overall, we enjoyed Del Frisco's Las Vegas.
The service doesnt get any better than Del Friscos.. . If you want to Get romantic and take your lady out for a nice date look no further.  . . I really like the service and the nice and chill atmosphere at Del Friscos.  . . The taste of vegas had me rushing to make my appointment to this jewel.  I ordered filet mignon and lt was umm good. . .  I did get pumped by some of the reviews so maybe my expectations were to high because it didnt top the my chart for best steak, but it was good. We selected a side of sauteed mushrooms and potatos.  The sides were ok as well.. . For desert we had cheesecake, and it wasumm not good. . . Overall i would recommend this restaurant if you like good treatment, good food, and good ambience which all equals a good time!
After starting with the steak tartare, we did the Power Couple menu. The steak tartare was just okay, especially considering I just had the most amazing steak tartare at Comme Ca.   At $99, the Power Couple menu was an incredible deal and consisted of:. . Choice of House or Caesar Salad. 8 oz filet with crab cake. Choice of side. Choice of Dessert. . Most everything was well-prepared, but my favorite was the crab cake.  One of the best I have ever had.  Chateau potatoes are a must try.  I had a couple of bites of the chocolate mousse for dessert and could have skipped it altogether.  The weakest link in a consistently good meal.. . Service was fantastic but I was not a fan of the atmosphere.  Kind of stuffy.
I had the rib eye steak and the crab claws.  The food was excellent, but on par for Las Vegas standards.  Service was excellent and fast.. . The crab cake was tasty with a small portion.
I am a fan of theCrab cakes and bread...they were out of this world and that's why I gave it 4 stars,  and also to our waiter... Can't remember his name as it has been a couple of weeks.. Lobster Mac n cheese was also very tasty probably because  we don't eat Mac n cheese very often.. Steak and salmon were okay...3 stars because they were overpriced and again okay.. The ice tea passed my hubby's taste.. I would just go back for the bread, crab cake and also the pineapple fusion vodka drink!
So, I was here for a conference and we had a pri-fixed menu. . . Upon entering, I was greeted by a very VERY VERY unpleasant rancid odor. I was on the verge of just turning around and going home if I wasn't interested in hearing the speaker at the conference.  I mean WOW!  I was almost knocked out!  I gave them the benefit of the doubt that the kitchen didn't smell like that!. . Once we sat down, the waiters brought over two loaves (yes, LOAVES) of sesame bread.  Let me tell you, I LOVED IT... I pretty much ate one entire loaf by myself.  It was very soft and pillow-y with a touch of chewy crust.  Definitely something you have to try if you don't care about counting carbs.. . For the appetizer, they brought out grilled shrimp with two types of sauces.  One was the traditional cocktail sauce and the other was a mayonnaise-based sauce (it probably had a little ketchup in it because it was pink....I know there's a name for it, but can not think of it at the moment).  A little oily for my taste (the shrimp), but it was pretty good nonetheless.  Not something that I would order if I came back, but not bad.  . . The salad was a miss for me.  The flavors were good, however there was a GIGANTIC glob of dressing in the middle of the plate!  They do not toss the salad for you and give waaaay too much dressing.  I should have asked for the dressing on the side like I always do, but I had forgotten to request it.  There were also two HUGE strips of bacon laid across the salad and who doesn't like bacon right?!  The bacon tasted amazing!  Too bad I was feeling guilty about eating the one whole loaf of bread earlier that I only took a small bite of the bacon..... . The entree that was served was the filet mignon.  It was pretty good.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth.  However, the waiters asked if the guests could cut into their filet immediately to determine if the done-ness was correct.  I found that weird and would hope that it was only a rule to guests that were in the conference and NOT for the general dining area customers!. . So let me begin this paragraph by saying, the ONLY reason this place didn't get 2 stars (especially for that awful odor at the entrance and the waiters insisting of the guest cutting into the filet as they watched us) is because of the dessert that they served:  BANANA BREAD PUDDING!!!  Sounds unassuming doesn't it?  Bread pudding, what can be so amazing about that?  Well, it was one to the most HEAVENLY thing I have ever tasted in my freaking ENTIRE life!  The bread budding came out warm and drizzled with a caramel sauce that was not too outrageously sweet.  As I dug my spoon into it, I realized that there was a crust on the top.  When I took a bit into it, I fell in love.  The crust was chewy and caramelized and packed so much flavor.  Then it was followed by the softness of the rest of the bread pudding.  The banana flavor was strong, however not over-powering at all.  This dessert really worked for me.  I can't believe I would get this excited over bread pudding, but there you have it.  If you can get through the entrance without throwing up, you NEED to order the Banana Bread Pudding.
**3.75 Stars**. . Very popular and old school steakhouse located off the strip.   Despite their location, clearly one of the most popular steakhouses in Vegas and for good reason: their top notch Prime steaks and excellent, albeit very pricey, seafood. . . The vibe is very retro with lots of hardwood, live piano music, and great wine and martinis.  The James Bond table (ask your waiter for a demo) is a perfect match for this place.  Our order:. . Seafood plateau - a sampling of their most popular items and priced at an incredible $55/person.  Admittedly though, the Alaskan crab legs (5) were fantastic.  Fresh and sweet.  The Florida stone crab claw was impressively sized but the meat was not as good as the crab legs.  The oysters and shrimp were very good. . . Crab cake with lobster sauce - the appetizer only includes one crab cake and is overpriced.  It is almost entirely crab meat though and tasty.  . . Bone-in Prime Ribeye - cooked perfectly medium rare and seasoned nicely while letting the meat flavor shine.  They do steak right and we shared the 22 ounces. . . Lobster Mac and Cheese - the much hyped side dish was delicious and creamy BUT had very little lobster meat.  Just a few small tidbits here and there.  Good, but if you want a Lobster Mac and Cheese, go to Alexander's Steakhouse in Cupertino and they will show you real lobster chunks.  . . Service was friendly and on point though it's busy here and the waitstaff are clearly running around.  They were kind enough to throw a dessert in (their lemon cake) for a special occasion.  . . Del Frisco's was a great steakhouse and definitely worth the trip off the strip.  The steaks were excellent and a few of the seafood items were truly exceptional.  . . Prices are high but Del Frisco's is the real deal.  It may not match my favorite steakhouse and restaurant of all time, Alexander's Steakhouse (Cupertino), but I wouldn't hesitate coming here again. . . Del Frisco's accepts credit cards including Amex.
13 Guys and a bunch of meat what can get better than that right? This is the story of a bachelor party in Vegas on November 5th. . . The crew arrived at the restaurant with plenty of time to spare. We were seated 10 min. after checking in with the Hostess. It gave us plenty of time to order up some shots at the bar and listen to the Jazz pianist classy it up. . . We were seated @ a long table that accommodated all of us and the waiters gave us a detailed rundown about what is going on. Since the reservations was under my name the captain knew my name and addressed many of the options directly to me (nice touch for doing your homework). . . For Apps we ordered a few of the following dishes: Crab cake, Calamari, . The crab cakes were good. I give it 4 stars for flavor because it came with a nice cream sauce. The crab meat was also large chunks and tasted very fresh. The value i give it 3 stars because it was only 1 average sized cake as opposed to the standard 2 cakes for $16. . . The calamari was very good. I give it a 5 star for flavor. I really enjoyed the sweet and tangy sauce that came with it. The dish was really fresh and it was cooked very well. . . For Entrees many of us ordered the 30oz bone in Wagyu to share between two people. The steak was a good split and it was an especially good value to be able to share wagyu. The flavor was spot on, it had a nice beefy flavor and the meat was tender and cooked very well. . . For Sides we ordered: creamed corn, crab mac and cheese, garlic mash potatoes, and asparagus.. . The notables are the crab mac and cheese the flavor was extremely tastey however it was a tad watery for my taste. The corn was delicious as well, it had bacon bits and some type of pepper which gave it a nice smokey flavor. The garlic mash was standard fair. The asparagus was only passable, it was blanched and topped with almonds,no creativity there. . . The wine recommendation was very good however some in the group thought it was a bit too sweet to go with the steaks. I thought the blend was easy to drink, probably a little too much on the lighter side. However I enjoyed it nonetheless.. . Overall a great trip. This is much better than many of the steakhouses on the strip. For a slight 4 min trip off the strip you will not be disappointed!
Popular steakhouse located off the strip.  This place has an old school atmosphere to it -- classy with dark wood decors and dimmed lights.  I would definitely recommend making dinner reservations as they were completely booked for the night we were there.  Even though we made reservations ahead of time, we still had to wait 30 minutes before we were seated. However we were entertained with live piano music during our wait which was enjoyable.  . . Of course we did our research on yelp and ordered the crab cakes and calamari.  The crab cakes were delish! Ruth Chris use to be my fave for crab cakes, but not anymore! The cakes were packed with an ample amount of crabs that tasted sweet and delicate to the tongue. I found the calamari to be mediocre; nothing spectacular about it. I probably wouldn't order it again next time. I ordered the fillet mignon and my fiance ordered the rib eye.  The fillet mignon was great, but WOW, their rib eye is scrumptious!! Aged to perfection providing the perfect taste when grilled to medium rare. We also enjoyed their sauteed mushrooms; I think it pairs well with steak. . . I would highly recommend this place for anyone seeking a fulfilling steak dinner.  You can't go wrong with this place!
Great steaks as you would imagine with nice sides and great wine list.  Service is beyond amazing.  The only way to improve would be lower prices, it is very expensive!  Figure about $120 per person with a glass of wine!. . Wayne Gorsek
Super awesome service. Excellent crab cake. Actually, very likely the best crab cake around. Oh, and did I mention the service?
The best crab cakes I ever had, EVER!!. . 5 stars for service.  The wait staff was impeccable.  They were very attentive and actually served our sides to us!. . I ordered the filet mignon and thought it was okay.  I loved their side dishes (creamed corn, lobster mac n cheese) and crab cakes more.
My firstreview on Yelp...Okay first thing, HANDS DOWN the BEST steak Ive ever had in my life..Im from Texas so this says a lot.  Service was excellent and upscale..but not TOO upscale..a nice blazer and jeans kinda upscale.  When I went it was for a Xmas party so we had great atmosphere with 40+ people in a private room. As I walked by some other rooms they seemed kinda quiet and boring...but that's why you bring GOOD company...Lots of a business types (age demo in 40's), and cougars by the bar with a nice live piano man touch...Im a grad student so can't go there too often...a  bit $$$$ BUT..love, love, love the food. Seafood apps were the best as well!  Nice place for a date IF your date really appreciates steak!
First let me just say, if you are dining on the cheap, this is NOT the place for you.  Average steak is $40+ and the bone in Rib Eye was $65.  So we were not dining on the cheap but still, if it says Market Price and you don't ask, then just like us fools, it's your bad...did not realize the Seafood Plateau was going to be $165.00; granted the crab legs were large, and it had a couple of snow claws, but the rest was just regular cold shrimp (like 4) and oysters on the half, maybe another 4. It was enough to share, and I guess you pay a premium for fresh fish when you are in the middle of the dessert...or well, anyway just ask.. . The thing to come to Del Frisco's for is the meat.  They have great meat and they season and cook it well.  As well or as rare as you want it, that's how you are going to get it.  The sides are served family style and there is plenty to share, once you agree on what to share (I love creamed spinach, but I was the only one at the table to love creamed spinach, so I got some anyway!).  . . The ambience is dark steakhouse, and the servers are professionally friendly.  They have an excellent wine list and their som is more then happy to help you find something to fit your meal and your pocket book.. . LindySez:  All in all a great meal...just remember to ask the prices so you don't get sticker shock at checkout!
Crab cakes outshined the steaks, but not to take away from the steaks because they were very good. We came in with a large part of 13 or so and they sat us in our own sectioned off room which oddly had some TV's in the corners. The service was excellent, we had a few issues with overcooked fish and a tuna tare tare coming out instead of a steak one we requested. . This is a fine steakhouse with great service which is well worth the short drive off the strip to come to. They did a great job with such a large group of rowdy guys.
When in LV, you rarely want to leave the strip since there are many good restaurants within the hotels.. . But we wanted to try something off the strip. Del Frisco's seemed like a good choice!. . I ordered the bone-in ribeye 22 oz. Wow, really good!. . This is the first time that I ordered a bone-in ribeye at a steakhouse. I usually just go for the regular ribeye. . . I'm always going to get the bone-in ribeye at other places now too.. . The steak was good but as I got closer to the bone, it was an orgasm in my mouth. Yum!. . I'm from LA and my fav. steakhouse is Mastro's. Del Frisco's is pretty comparable.
Food was fabulous.  . . Unfortunately the service made us feel rushed.  It was obvious they wanted us out of there in under two hours.  In fact one of the servers called it the Del Frisco Rush.  I felt like I was at a banquet.  One course followed the other without hesitation.  They even take your desert order when you order your main course.  They didn't even ask if we were finished with our meal even though there was still food on our plates.  . . I would go back again but I would probably give our server a heads up on the rushed service.
A "correct" steakhouse offering consistent, quality food and service at reasonable prices.. . It's the monthly handout kind of place for the guys.  Throw back a few single malts, enjoy a slab of prime beef and shoot the s#*t as only guys can.. . Although a small chain, Del Frisco beef falls above that of Morton's and Ruth's Chris in quality and taste but below that of the celebrated steakhouses of the Strip.  . . Standard steakhouse starters.  No strong standouts.  No complaints either. . . Steaks are steaks.  USDA prime.  Standard cuts.  Decent aging.  Well trimmed.  Juicy, beefy and properly cooked.  Surprisingly, top props go to the lamb.  The double cut lamb chop has a very pronounced lamb flavor.  Lamby?  It's sweet and gamy at the same time.  Cooked with the perfect sear.  Sorry Mary, your little lamb was delicious!  The veal porterhouse is worth a try.  Tender with the unexpected pronounced flavor of beef.  This is definitely not produced from penned up calves but rather those that had the chance to roam free (see, no reason to hate me).. . Steakhouse standard sides.  Sharing portions.  No complaints.. . Good wine list focusing on US vintners.  Below strip prices.. . Recommended for the Vegas local wanting to avoid the Strip.  Visitors, this is just a quality steakhouse.  Pay for the glitz, be a baller,  and live the "Vegas fantasy".
Good for happy hour, Del Frisco's is a nice location that has $6 bar food items and drinks in the lounge area. I wish the HH drink selection was larger, it only encompasses a few house liquors, 1 house special drink, and beers. All the cocktails are still full price, be careful. The burger was large and delicious, cooked to medium rare nicely. The scallops Rockefeller was 2 good sized and tasty chunks. The only underwhelming dish in the meal was the potato crisp with goat cheese. Not worth it. My burger came with more potato crisps than that whole dish order! I would like to come back again and try more bar menu foods. Nice ambiance.
Planned the hubster's 40th birthday here - he loves steaks and hanging w/ friends - and this seem to be the best place to fit the bill.    Given some other group dinners we've had where the noise threshold made it difficult to chat and catch up with friends - I wanted to make sure we had a private room.   . . Del Frisco's has  private rooms availabe if you have over a certain number of folks, but then you need to use the preset dinner options.  They had set up the room so everyone was facing each other which was a nice touch.    We chose the $95 option preset menu which had enough steak options to satisfy this meat eating crowd as well as a salmon and chicken option that worked for others.   It is a lot of food with an appetizer, salad, main course w/ sides, and dessert - although the sides seemed a bit stingy (a tablespoon dollop of potatoes is not what I would consider a side).   A bonus was the perfect bacon slices that top your salad (if you get the house salad) and the amazing croutons that they make every day.  . . Everyone enjoyed their meal and the wait staff were so sweet and considerate, even bringing out a pen so everyone could sign the large wine bottle we got.  They were always a step ahead.   Making the reservation I was a bit worried as this part was not as friendly, but in the end with the welcoming manner of the wait staff, the intimacy of having your own room (we had 22 folks), and the good food, I was glad we chose Del Frisco's.
We met up with some people for dinner at their favorite steak place in Vegas. Del Frisco's  was pretty empty on a Sunday night.  I had the bone in filet, and everyone else ordered the dry aged rib eye.  Normally I'm a bone in rib eye kind of girl, so this was different for me.  We ordered asparagus, creamed spinach, and au gratin potatoes to share.  I read a few Yelp reviews before dinner, so I was prepared for the sesame bread.  It was good; nice and soft on the inside, warm, and definitely messy, as the sesame seeds were falling all over the place.  The steaks were all enjoyable.  One thing I appreciated was that we were asked to cut into our steak immediately so the doneness could be confirmed on the spot.  Another nice touch was we were actually served the sides instead of getting our own.  They also brought out a slice of cake for the birthday boy.  I don't mind paying a lot of money for my dining experiences, but it seemed a little high for what we got.
We were here for my 30th birthday last month.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place so I wanted to try it.  We usually pick Lawry's as our special dinner; but figured to give it a try.  . . Well, it was not how I had really envisioned it.  I guessed I assumed it would be more intimate?  I was wrong.  We were seated at one of the middle tables in one of the rooms.  When we first sat down (reservations was t 7pm); it was quiet.  But, Boy...when it hit 8pm it was like a party.  So much people crammed in one room, conversations and music.  It was just too much for me.  . . But, the food was great.  They had this special for 2 people for $99 which included a salad, entree, 2 sides and dessert.  My filet mignon was cooked perfectly and we also had it oscar-style (stuffed crab) and it was filled w/ crab.  It was delicious!. . If we were to go back; we may bring friends who want to grab dinner and drinks.  I wouldn't go back for a romantic dinner, though.
Came in for happy hour on Monday. I've brought clients here for dinner in the past and really miss the Cigar bar in the back!. . Ordered the burger and a beer. The burger was thick and tasty although I felt the bun is overly thick. The condiments were fresh and the potatoes that came with the burger were on the greasy side. I ended up half way through the burger and chucked half the bun and finished the burger with a fork and knife.. . The bar has cougars and one was chatting my ear off. Don't get me wrong I like socializing but she was a distraction!. . Stick with the steaks, lobster and crab cakes,  I've had better burgers elsewhere although the HH price was a bargain for $13.00 for two beers & burger before gratuity. . . The bartenders here were both great..
Handsome and I had finished a disappointing dinner at Firefly and decided to walk across the street to Del Frisco's steakhouse for dessert. Yummy! We ordered a single malt scotch, glass of wine and the vanilla ice cream with the caramel sauce and toasted pralines... that was yummy...Handsome devoured the bowl...along with his scotch. We'll be back here again.
Great service, great food. The lamb was soooooooo good. And the crab cake app? Have it.
My first time here and got everything the server recommended...didn't regret a single choice! . . Tuna Tartar. Lamb. Lemon Cake. . AMAZING!
Update - The manager responded to my three star review and apologized that no body had asked if we wanted to be seated in the sports room or offered to reseat us when we brought it up.  They definitely are trying to do the right thing!. . The food was top notch.  The ambiance was poor at best, they had TV's in the corners of the dining room!!!  Is this a sports bar or a fine dining restaurant?  At their prices, I shouldn't have to endure network television.  Our waitress wasn't worthy of Denny's, she deserved no place in this high end establishment.
Classy ambiance with very pleasant staff, Marciano, our waiter was informed and fun.  . . Martini's were delicious, they have a house pineapple infused vodka they use for their house martini, it was great.  The chopped salad (may have been chef salad) was drenched in dressing and that made it soggy, could have done without it.  Rib eye was yummy.  Cooked perfectly and the waiter was thorough in making sure we sliced our steak before he left our table.  Chateau potatoes were also great, not the best, but definitely yummy with a right texture.. . It was costly, and for special occasions, I would say worth it.
We attended a corporate Christmas party at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House. It was a wonderful place for a party and food was delicious. I had lobster macaroni and cheese as a side dish (needs to be shared by two) and lamb as an entree. It was both prepared with perfection. The lamb was served with the right tenderness and seasoning. You can taste the lobster in the macaroni and cheese without the cheese overpowering the dish. I tasted my friend's prime porterthouse and it was also a good choice to order. The staff was attentive and never left you with an empty glass. . . The only reason it was given four stars instead of five was due to the second wine pour had sediments floating in my wine glass and coffee grounds in my coffee cup.. . The overall experience was enjoyable and highly recommended for couples, special family occasions, and corporate gatherings.
When I found out there was a restaurant in town that has a James Bond wine table I made the reservation imminently and ran there to stare at it. When I got there I found out the restaurant is actually a high end steak house and I thought to myself James Bond wine and good steak! How can life get any better? Well, unfortunately the wine is all specialty made and you cant drink it. But you can push the hidden button to make the table reveal its secret which was awesome! . . The service here was perfect! My glasses of wine and water never ran empty and the sommelier was at our table early without even asking to assist with the wine selection. The bartender accidently  charged our table for drinks we never ordered and when we brought this to the attention of our waiter the manager came over and comped our deserts for the mistake without us even asking which was great.. . As for the food: The crab cakes are a must, order many of them and enjoy! The lobster mac & cheese is also great very unhealthy and great. The steak however was just ok hence the lack of 5 stars. We had the double eagle bone in ribeye which was the best on their menu. It was by no means bad but I can think of a couple places that were much better, but those steak houses are much more expensive and often have less personal service.. . All and all I would absolutely return here for many reasons. It was a great experience and the check was not as bad as I would of expected for what we got. The food and service were great overall.
This is a very good steak house just off the strip. Great ambiance. Amazing number of wait staff. Attentive but not excessive. . . My colleague and I both started with the special salad of the night and it was excellent! A chopped salad with a creamy basil dressing. With the bread it could have been a meal in itself.  . . For dinner I had the crab cakes which I was told was their most popular item. They were also excellent, two large mounds of crab with just enough filler to hold them together served with a spicy sauce. My colleague had the filet and it was good but not as tender as one would expect.. . For dessert I had the banana bread pudding and it was very good. Big enough to share. More cake-like than a traditional bread pudding.. . Like all high end Vegas steak houses this place is expensive, maybe a bit too expensive. In this price range you can do a bit better even in Vegas. So overall I give it four stars.
We went on a Thursday night for date night.  The atmosphere is dark and intimate with live music playing lightly in the background.  The sommelier, while very helpful and tailored choices to our price range, kind of creepped up on us and never actually introduced herself to us.  She just stood over our shoulders and asked if we needed help.  It was an odd start, but after that she was friendly.. . Foodwise, the crab cakes were delicious and I'd go again just to order those!  We split a 26 oz double eagle bone in ribeye.  For being a double eagle steak house, our steak was good (moist and juicy sealed with a light char) , but I've had better.  We also ordered the asparagus and lobster mac & cheese.  The sides portions are pretty big and we ended up with a lot leftover.  Although we had leftovers, we still made room for warm banana bread pudding with a healthy scoop of ice cream on top.  It was a wonderful warm/cold contrast to seal off the night.. . The service was attentive and timely.  We did notice an error on our bill and pointed it out to our server.  Afterwards, the manager came over to apologize and advise us he took care of our dessert for the error.  It was definitely unexpected and confirmed their dedication to excellent customer service.. . We had heard rumors of the famed James Bond wine table here, so we asked the hostesses on the way out.  They were really nice and showed us the book with the special hidden button to open up the table and let us look around.  Although you can't drink any of the wine, it's definitely a sight to see.. . Del Frisco's gets my date night seal of approval.
Had a very enjoyable dinner and great service too!
I love steak, and when I travel, always take the opportunity to try a new place. I've tried many in Las Vegas, and Del Frisco's is right up there with the best.  It's off the strip and in its own free standing building, which is nice to get away from the casino crowds now and then. . . I had the rib eye (no bone) and it was definitely one of the better. I'm not ready to give it a "best" rating, but it was damn good. What made the evening so fantastic was the service. Some steak places have the older guys in white coats and black pants that seem more rushed than attentive; our Del Frisco's waiter was very attentive, took time to talk us through our questions and let us enjoy our meal at a casual pace. . . If you enjoy trying new steak places while in Vegas, definitely add Del Frisco's to the list.
It has been a few years so it's time for an update!  Del Frisco is still a fantastic steak option and probably the best chain steakhouse I've been to.  The one star off is only because other steak restaurants have raised the bar even higher in Vegas.  . . We dined with a friend that's a regular so the host just brought over several plates of appetizers of his choosing which included crabcakes, shrimp cocktail, fried calamari and onion rings.  All of them were great with the crabcakes being my favorite.  The sauce was boss!!. . I got the prime ribeye medium rare and even though it was good, it's just not five stars anymore.  Not when famed NYC butcher Pat LaFrieda is shipping his monster cuts to the likes of Gordon Ramsay and Old Homestead right up the street.  My wife got the filet mignon rare with the cold center as always.  She was very satisfied with her steak.. . Saving room for the lemon cake is an absolute must.  It was the biggest reason why I worked out before coming here!  One slice is good for four people.  . . Don't get me wrong.  I won't be bitching and moaning if someone suggests coming here but I've got to put things in perspective.  This isn't the #1 restaurant in Las Vegas.  I'd say it's a top 10 steak in town.  But when you add the terrific service and nice atmosphere you've still got a solid, solid dinner for an evening.
Del Frisco's is a great example of a classic steakhouse.  It's got a huge mahogany (or appears to be mahogany anyway) bar, classic menu items, and excellent service.  We have been to this particular location many times, and I've also eaten at one in Dallas.. . This Del Frisco's may have the best crabcakes I've eaten.  Just fantastic, and it's hard to call anything a "value" at a place this pricey, but you certainly get a lot of crab meat for the price.  My wife has had the blue cheese wedge salad which is a hit.  It's large, and the blue cheese is of excellent quality.  Very veiny and flavorful.. . I typically get the bone in ribeye when it's available at any steakhouse.  It's usually one of the largest cuts on the menu, and is very flavorful.  Del Frisco's offering is no different.  We have had probably a half dozen of the sides, but the onion rings and lobster mac n cheese stand out.. . The wine list can be high, but there are bottles on the list that can give you a great pairing to your steak.  . . As noted above, the service never lacks.  Water glasses rarely get half way empty, much less all the way empty.  And, it's a nice relaxed meal, they aren't rushing you.  There are a bunch of great steakhouses in Vegas, and this location of Del Frisco's can hold it's own with the vast majority of them.  Recommended.
The veal porterhouse served rare is probably the juiciest, tenderest steak I've ever had. Really flavorful too. . . Don't get too many appetizers, we got crab legs, crab cakes, and a bunch of others thinking they would be small, but some of the appetizers are big enough to be entrees for multiple people. You will not be able to eat your steak if you get too many. . . Service is really great, very attentive and friendly without being disruptive at all.
One of my favorite steakhouses to visit in Las Vegas. I have been to Del Frisco's a few times now, and it is always a great experience. This most recent trip for a birthday celebration was really nothing short of great. I even actually opted for seafood this night over red meat.. long week of t-bones and lamb.. haha.. random week.. but anyway. . . The quality of the food is fantastic. The service was spot on without being pretentious or rude, and the overall experience was really pretty wonderful. The staff really made us feel great.. and made every effort to keep our drinks full, bread basket overflowing and meals served promptly. . . Seriously, i can say nothing else other than it's also pretty fantastic that they are located off-Strip and thus, requires that you do not have to deal with a huge parking garage. While they have valet available, the parking lot is like 50 feet from the front door if you want to just walk. . . I will be back.. again and again.
This place has great reviews, but I just don't know if it lives up to the hype.  It is very good but not great.  The appetizers were very good and the service was excellent.. . The steak was a little dry and WAY too much pepper.  I felt like it was poor excuse for seasoning.  I gave it four stars because, although the rest of the experience was awesome, it is all about the steak right?!. . Go check it out, you'll be happy you did.  But, there are better options out there.
If I could make this a 4.5 star, that is what this would be.  My food was great, service was great.  Like the Voss sparkling water, better than Perrier.  When asked if I was on a time schedule, I should have stated that I didn't want a 3 hour experience this time - my mind began to wander after passing into the 2 hour mark...after all, you're in Vegas baby!
Came here for a bachelor party. Great service and great food. We were loud, had the drinks flowing, and there were no problems.  Bachelor enjoyed it and that's all that mattered.
Had a great dinner there. Great Ambience. Very good service. Loved my NY Steak.. Friend liked his bone in Filet. Loved the Sweet potato side dish.  Bread was just fair.. Head chef came over and chatted with us, what a nice treat.
I really liked this place.  Overall if you've been to a fancy steakhouse, you'll pretty much get what you expected.  It's a little louder of an atmosphere than other steakhouses I've been to.  Overall the quality is great, but if there's anything that stands out at this place over all the other items they offered at this steakhouse, its one thing.. .  The ONION RINGS!. . OMG, I have never had onion rings as good as the ones I've had here.  I even had some leftover and ate it the next morning as breakfast and they were still awesome.  I don't know why no one can make onion rings like this anywhere else, but I'd say it's worth the $10 or more they charge for them.  I've never had such a chewy delicious oniony ring before!  I think if it were possible, I'd just drop by and order a side of onion rings as a snack if that were proper because they were THAT GOOD!   Again everything else was great, but the onion rings really wowed me!
After hearing people talk about how great Del Frisco's is for a long time now, I finally tried it last night (Sunday, May 19) for the first time. I have to admit, I am usually a bit skeptical of chains - especially since we live in a city of top-notch steakhouses - but I was very impressed with the food! I was there for a friend's graduation dinner, so we had a private room in the back which made it easy to give toasts, etc.. . We arrived a little late, so we missed trying the appetizers, but everyone said they were good! I tried the house salad, which had a really yummy avocado dressing, and also the Caesar, which was standard but good. I ordered the Ribeye steak and it was very very tasty! The rub on it had a LOT of salt and pepper, which might be a problem for some people, but I loved it. They asked us all to cut into our steaks before the waiters left so they could fix any problems, but there didn't seem to be any. Even my husband, who likes his steak cold rare, was happy:) The desserts I tried were fine (cheesecake and chocolate mousse), but I would skip them next time - nothing special.. . Overall, I can't say I think Del Frisco's is as good as some of the places on the strip (I love CraftSteak at MGM and STK at the cosmo) but it certainly holds its own and I would definitely go back.
Had a reservation for 7 hungry men after a long day at the beach club.. . I'll be honest.  I think most high-end steak houses are the same.  I truly believe that what separates them are the sides and appetizers, so I'll start there.. . Probably the best crab cake I've ever had.  It was basically an enormous lump of crab with just enough consistency to keep it in 'cake' form.  The sauce that came with the cake was absolutely phenomenal.. . Lobster mac and cheese was equally incredible.. . The asparagus was rather plain.  It appeared to be simply steamed without much to it.  I prefer mine with oil and garlic.  The creamed spinach is good, but the same as you'd find at other steak houses, although the addition of bacon is a pretty nice touch.. . I'm rather used to having porterhouses for 2 (or 3 or 4, etc), so I decided to have the porterhouse for 1.  Perhaps I've gotten spoiled but I've gotten so used to seeing my porterhouse sliced up that having to do it on my own really felt like a chore.  Call me a baby in a grown man's body.. . Otherwise, the steak was cooked perfectly, and had a nice progression of rare-ness as I got closer to the bone.  By the end of the night, I was eating with my hands and the bone was cleaner than what a dog would have done.  The other guys I were with seemed to enjoy theirs as well.. . We all had been drinking all day, attempted to sober up for a few hours, and so no one wanted to see or smell a drink during our meal.  Overall this actually really saved us on the bill and our fine meal hardly broke the bank.. . As for the service, our server Ryan was excellent and we enjoyed the banter, while our sides were plated for us very nicely by the rest of his crew.
I am not much of a steakhouse fan, but I was cordially invited by Randal R. and his family to celebrate his graduation of dual masters degrees, an amazing feat!  The entire state of California seems to be related to him, so we had a sizable group in a private room.  Service was magnificent, and server Andrew knew this family well from its history with Del Frisco's.  This family racks up DF dining points like Eric R. obsesses over credit card points!. . I enjoyed rose sparkling wine in the celebratory mode.  We started off with shrimp cocktail (which has this amazing shallot-butter sauce that was so yummy) and tuna tartare with toasts that had olive tapenade on them!  I believe there was a crudite tray but I did not seek it out.. . Due to our large group, we had a set menu to choose from that was printed nicely at each place setting.  I started off with the house salad sans bacon, which came with avocado goddess dressing...yes!  Eric R. got the classic Caesar with anchovies.  Next, we both got filet (there were many entree options, but for steak 8 oz filet or 16 oz ribeye).  The filet was flavorful, perfectly tender, and cooked exactly like we wanted.  I ate my entire steak....yum!. . The sides for the table included skillet potatoes (essentially house made chips) with caramelized onions on top (yes!) and green beans with garlic, also very good.  For dessert, a choice between strawberry cheesecake and chocolate mousse.  I had the mousse, and it was rather decadent.  I really enjoyed the experience, especially our visit to the James Bond table.. . This restaurant is a labyrinth though, enormous and full of happy eaters.  When we got there it was early and quiet, but when I had to look for the restroom I got lost in a maze of people and hallways.  What a delicious way to celebrate educational success!
Get the filet mignon, its better than the bone in rib eye. Also get the mango souffle for dessert  its  best part of the dinner.
I had my very first steak experience at Del Frisco's for my boyfriend's 21st birthday in Vegas. He's somehow slowly turned me onto beef, and this was the perfect place to try the highly lauded steak. First of all, the sesame seed bread that is served before the meal is incredible. We went through almost 3 rolls before our food even got there! We also tried their signature martini that had a great pineapple flavor. . . I had one of their specials of the day, which included two jumbo shrimp and an 8 oz filet mignon. The meat was perfectly tender and juicy. I'm not a huge meat lover, so the portion was just enough to not be over the top. We also shared a lobster mac and cheese that was a little too creamy and cheesy for me, but it was overflowing with tender pieces of lobster. Since we were celebrating a birthday, they gave us a piece of their lemon cake on the house. It was a huge slice, and the texture of the cake was dense in the perfect way. The frosting wasn't overwhelming, with just a thin layer between each of the six layers of cake. . . As a poor college student, this kind of dining experience only comes around once in awhile. The service was extremely attentive and the food was probably too high-quality for me to recognize! I now have exceedingly high standards for steak, so if I can ever come back I definitely will.
WOW... just wow.. This place is a meat lovers heaven.  To make a long story short but with the juicy details.  I ordered the 32 oz Wagyu Tomahawk Cut Rib Eye... damn.  Ive never had anything like it and it was huge.  The marbling on this thing was amazing.  It was so tender and juicy.  Definitely worth the money let just say its above $80+.  But you have to try it once.  Any other steak will not even come close.  Ive tried the double eagle and that is amazing as well.  Their sizes were ok but the bacon spinach and garlic mash was the best.  Our drinks were well-alcholized so no complaints there.  Don't eat all day and just eat like primate here.  Of course the service was on point and professional.  Worth every penny. hey your in Vegas gotta go big or jsut dont come at all. Hahaha
Excellent value for the money. We split the "Tomahawk" rib eye and it was delicious. Not too noisy and a nice, low key atmosphere. The pineapple vodka drink was also great!
The service was top notch.. The manager and several wait staff came by to say hello and to see if we were enjoying our food.. We got 8 oz filet special for the grown ups and burger for the kids; filet was a little under cooked (asked for medium rare but it was more rare) but still good.  They didn't have regular fries, it was potato wedges which didn't work out for the kids.
Short Story:. Awesome steak...but pricey!. . Long Story:. I came here for dinner on a Saturday night and i got the Porterhouse steak that was 22oz.  Holy cow, that was a big steak.  The service, decor, and ambiance was spectacular.  They even refold your napkin when you walk away from the table to use the bathroom or something.  The raw oysters were amazing as was the asparagus.  . . Verdict:. I would go back, but it is extremely pricey.
The service is outstanding, food great, and the wine recommendation was solid!
I was looking for a place to celebrate the hubby's birthday during our stay in Vegas. Having been to the one in NY, I decided to give the Vegas one a shot. Through the pictures, I saw that it had the old school, classy ambiance, which is definitely a positive in my book. Instead of calling for reservations, I made reservations the day of through Open Table, and it was easy breezy.. . Upon arriving, we were greeted warmly by the hostess(es) and after giving my name for the reservation, we were seated. It was fairly empty in the restaurant, there were perhaps four or five other tables seated. Our server was great. She came over and asked if we were celebrating anything, to which I responded that we were celebrating a birthday. She gave us plenty of time to go over our menus and went over the specials with us, pleasantly answering any questions we had. While we were still going over the menu, our server came by with a birthday card signed by the staff for my husband, which I thought was a sweet touch.. . The food was excellent. Everything that came to the table was hot, not warm, so I knew it wasn't sitting around in the kitchen waiting. We ordered a shrimp cocktail and crab cake sampler appetizer. I'm allergic to crab so I couldn't taste it, but my husband and our friends said it was possibly one of the best crab cakes they ever ate. There wasn't much filling in the cake at all, just large lumps of crab.  The shrimp cocktail was tasty with the different sauce toppings: cocktail, Italian marinade and a remoulade. For entrees, I ordered the filet topped with froie gras butter and two jumbo shrimp, my husband and our friend both order the steak trio, each filet had a different topping to sample and my girlfriend ordered the beef medallions. My steak was cooked perfectly, tender and pretty much melt in your mouth. For sides, the table split the green beans in a garlic, wine sauce and the potatoes gratin. Everything was great.. . The topper was the giant lemon cake slice that came out for my husband with of course, a candle. We split the cake four ways (especially since we were already quite full from dinner). Let me just say, my husband is not a fan of lemon cake, and he loved it. . . Overall, this is a great place to come to celebrate a special occasion or for a romantic dinner. The service was great and the food, very appetizing. I highly recommend!
Thank you, Yelpers, for your awesome reviews and helping us to figure out where we were eating for my birthday on a Saturday night!. . SIde note: The $$$$ is not accurate. Guy Savoie and Ruth's Chris are a $$$$, Del Frisco's is more like a $$$. I was prepared to be overwhelmed by the prices but the menu is very reasonable, especially considering the high quality and portions of the food.. . Del Frisco's is a steakhouse located off the strip but conveniently located within minutes of the strip hotels. We made our reservation through Yelp and were seated as soon as we arrived. The hostesses and servers are friendly and a nice change from some of the staff who work in LV. Del Frisco's is classy without being pretentious.. . We started off with the Crab Cake in cajun lobster sauce and let me just tell you that you have to have one!  The crab is fresh and free of that fishy taste that you sometimes get in other restaurants (yeah, I'm talking about you, Bouchon!). The cajun sauce is liquid heaven and I raved about it so much that our server, Travis, was so sweet and brought us a ramekin of it to dip our bread in.. . Next we had a Caesar Salad and a Chopped Salad. They were average but tasty.. . In order to save room for dessert we split their off menu Trio of Filet's. These were delicious! You get three 4 oz filets, each prepared a different way. The first is Oscar-style and has lump crab with bernaise sauce. The second was served with scallops and shrimp. The third filet was served with melted brie cheese on top. So yummy! All were cooked perfectly with a lovely sear on the outside but melt in your mouth delicious on the inside.. . For our sides we ordered the Lobster mac n cheese and the Green Beans. I'm so sad that we weren't going right back to our hotel or we would have taken the leftovers home. The mac n cheese was cheesy heaven!. . Since it was my birthday they brought us a GIANT slice of their New Orleans-style lemon cake. Sweet, moist and delicious!  . . The service was friendly and they were so good about keeping our water glasses filled and brought us fresh, hot bread as soon as we finished the first loaf. Our server, Travis, was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped us navigate through our different options. We were very happy with all of the food and their unique ways of preparing it. . . The valet staff arranged for a taxi to take us clubbing so it was a great experience all the way around!. . Del Frisco's, we'll be back!
Of course for this place you know you're going to get big portions.  The wait staff was very knowledgeable and after we were seated she started firing information at us but she was going so fast that I missed most of it.  The dining room was really nice but it is what you would expect out of a high end steakhouse. We ordered a soup and a salad to share.  Both weren't really worth the $10 each.  We had the porter house steak which was cooked perfectly and not disappointing at all.  The highlight was the side dish though.  The potatoes were excellent.  So cheesy and creamy and fantastic.  Needless to say we didn't take any of those home with us!  This was a good meal and the service was great.  I would return.
Service was incredibly good!  Brandy was super attentive, knowledgable, kind and pleasant!  Having tried other steakhouses in Vegas, I couldn't give Del Frisco's a 5, but the service gets a 5 for sure.
The steak here is always excellent. This place is a nice, upscale spot not too far off the strip. Friendly staff and great wine selection.
If I could, I would give this place 4.5 stars. Allow me to explain..... . We started my birthday dinner off with the tuna tartare and the calamari..  both were excellent apps.. one of my cousins had the Svedka vodka infused pineapple cocktail (the VIP... get it?!?) which I had a sip from and enjoyed a lot.. . Our sides for the dinner were the asparagus, potatoes au gratin, and the lobster mac and cheese.  All were good but the lobster mac and cheese stood out.. mostly b/c I love me some mac and cheese.. . For dinner I ordered the 16 oz prime ribeye cooked medium. As per our server's recommendation, I cut into it to determine if the doneness was correct... I did and it was cooked perfectly, or so I tthought. As I started to cut off a piece for my tablemates to try the steak, it turned out to be a step below rare. . . I advised our server about the doneness of my steak andhe apologized and he sent it back.  A few minutes later, another gentleman in a suit came up to me and apologized about the doneness of my steak.  When it came back, MY OH MY, best steak I've had all year.. . The service throughout dinner was solid. Waters were promptly refilled.  When my beer was close to being empty I was asked if I wanted another. . . As a postscript to my review, towards the end of the dinner, I filled out one of their mailing cards just for the hell of it. This week, I recived a hand written thank you card from our server thanking me and my party for having my birthday dinnner there.  That blew my mind away.. . So, 4.5 stars out of 5. It would have been 5 but the 1/2 star deduction was because I had to send my steak back. But everything else was perfect.  Better than the other steakhouse I went to in Vegas earlier in the year.
Awsome and delicious steak house off the strip. I had the Double Eagle bone in Porterhouse, lobster macaroni and bacon Brussels sprouts. The steak was juicy and perfect. The lobster macaroni had huge cunks of lobster and the bacon Brussels were perfect.    The service is great and the atmosphere is classic and chill. Definitely will be back!!
This is just a classic steak house done to perfection.  Great quality steaks prepared to the right temperature.  If you are looking for items like bone marrow, foie gras...not here.  Come here for the crab cakes to start ( it's like they took the crab and rolled it into a ball, cooked it and served it, that's how much crab is in it ).  Then the tomahawk wagyu steak.  Very good but definitely not any where close to Japanese wagyu.  I would say more AAA Prime.  So in that regards, not a perfect 5 stars.. Food - Steaks...don't come here and order fish, it's not Del Frisco's Double Eagle Fish House. Wine Selection - excellent.  If you can't find a varietal and vineyard you like here, then congratulations you're a billionaire. . Atmosphere - more classic than hip on the strip.  Lots of serious " I will take you out for a date " tables.
We visited Del Frisco's for dinner with our friends who were in town.  . . We all ordered drinks and they were definitely not watered down, but be prepared to pay a premium for your drinks.  They also have an excellent wine list, but being from the Bay Area I can't justify $60 for a bottle of Wente.. . For starters we had the steak tartare which was perfectly seasoned and served alongside hard boiled eggs.  For dinner we all decided to have tomahawk chops.  The tomahawk is a great value at $90 and they allowed us to split the steaks.  They served the chops on sizzling plates with warm butter.. . For sides we ordered the brussel sprouts with bacon and the creamed corn.  I would've preferred my brussel sprouts roasted, but they prepared it sauteed here.  It was ok, but I would personally just stick to the creamed spinach and corn next time.. . We were full and skipped dessert, but everything was excellent.  We will be visiting Peter Luger's in Brooklyn, NY so it will be an interesting basis for comparison.
