Caesar's is a 5 Star Hotel that still caters to the rich and famous.  It has been featured in countless movies from Rain Man to Casino to The Hangover.  This used to be the hotel to be seen in and in all honesty is making a big come back.  Caesars is old but they have expanded and modernized the entire property a number of times.  It also goes to mention that the Resort Property is absolutely HUGE.  The pools, the restaurants, the glamor,  and the shows are still first class.  . . The rooms have all been redone and are very nice now.  They did a great job in making everything modern looking with decor and amenities.  The Forum shops are still the best in my opinion with all the Designer names mixed in with upscale stores.  This hotel is always full with a good mix of people.  I bumped into Jay-Z (literally), NBA stars, actors etc here throughout the years.. . The High Roller reputation that his Casino holds has been earned and solidified for decades.  It has over the top Roman decor but has kept up with modern times surprisingly well.  It can be intimidating gambling here as more fortunes have been won and lost here than anywhere  else in the world.. . If you are a VIP this is still a top 5 hotel, if you gamble especially poker you will be in heaven, and if you are a high roller you will be treated like Caesar here.
For how old it is they have surprisingly clean rooms. This is having lived in one of the older towers as im sure the new ones are still fairly sterile.. Harass addition of pet friendly rooms have made them a definite choice when visiting with (my sisters) dogs.
I've stayed at caesar's several times now in different towers. Each time I was happy with my accommodations. The people here are nice. The rooms are clean. Overall, a pleasant experience.. . They have a nice pool area with several pools.  I also was here for a convention last year and I enjoyed the accommodations as well.  This place has a lot to offer, from the casino to the pool to the clubs and the dining options, you don't really ever have to leave the hotel.  . . The poker room is nice because it is non-smoking and the dealer are nice there too.  The housing staff are also very accommodating and if you need a cot there is no charge and they bring you blankets and pillows upon request.
its more than a casino and hotel. they have shops and restaurants inside, and club pure. serendipity is conveniently located right outside the building, so you can go downstairs and get some frozen hot chocolate!. the hotel is really nice inside; very spacious and classy looking. they have very comfortable mattresses and pillows so its easy to fall asleep and not miss home! pool area looks pretty too.
I really like what Caesars has to offer, but there isn't really a lot of value here in their accommodations when you compare to, say, Palazzo or Aria.  Sure, the location makes it nice, but still can be redonkulous pricing.  But still, it's a great place to stay at if the price is right.. . Now if you do stay here, I recommend the Augustus Tower, which is located next to check-in.  Otherwise you're gonna have to hike your shit through the casino maze all the way on the other side of the hotel to your elevators.  Augustus rooms are kinda like mini-suites, not nearly as big as Palazzo but I think run the same price or even more...so again not worth it unless you're getting a deal or bribing the checkin to upgrade.  Good views of the fountains from here.. . Forum shops, Pure, and the pool are cool things to do.  Serendipity out front for you to indulge your choco desires.. . There seem to be alot of hookers that hang out here in front when you're walking back late at night...so if you're looking for some hoodrats or "just a mouth" to entertain you, stroll on through.. . Pai Gow: I've had some good runs here (once got 4 straight flushes in about an hour)  but unless you can hang with the typical $50 mins, this ain't the place to play.  I'd only come here when starting out or if I'm up already.  Cool dealers too.  Crystal is funny as hell.
This is has got to be the best hotel. I love the architect of this area. It really inspired me to go to Italy someday lol. The statues and all the stores were amazing.
Beautifulll hotel! :) I loved staying here because you could do just about anything without having to leave your hotel lol :) I also loved how it was in the heart of the strip:)
This was my first time staying here since I was a little kid and I loved it. Being centrally located on the strip was a plus. It meant that everything is really around you and within walking distance. The farthest casinos away from you are the Encore and the casinos around the MGM. Other than that, everything is close.. . The casino is spacious and never really seemed super crowded even during the peek times Friday and Saturday night. My room was awesome with a huge bed, flat screen tv, plenty of space and a double shower head bath.. . The hotel itself seems geared more for the adult crowd. I didn't see a whole lot that kids could do but that didn't bother me. Walking through the Forum Shops was fun with their 120+ stores. I am sure if you wanted to find something to buy, this would be the place to do it. Their food seemed a little limited as they really didn't seem to have some of the fast food type places if you wanted a quick bite. See my review on the buffet to see how that went. . . I loved staying here and would gladly come back here at any time.
I love Caesars Palace. Just my opinion, but I think they have the bestgeneral common areas. The casino is huge and they have plenty of interesting and fun shops. . . It took my friends and I couple hours roamed around the Caesars. I think the only downside is that they are not connected to any other hotels and after walking so much, it will be nice to be able to just hop from the Caesars to another hotel. . . P.S: Wear your most comfortable shoes. Your feet will thank you.
This is for the BUFFET.. . Although it was a very small buffet... EVERYTHING I put on my plate was DELICIOUS... Well besides the yogurt but I didn't know it was PLAIN yogurt... I thought it was vanilla. . . But I ate every bite of each plate I had and was satisfied to the t!! The server was decent and earned her tip!! :) It was the last buffet that we decided to go to for our wrist band. . . I loved the breakfast/brunch and definitely loved the french toast!! YUMMMM!!!!. . :)
Surprisingly enough, this was my first time I ever stayed at this hotel.  Why?! This place was awesome! Hence the fact this is an older hotel it's still up to date with on a lot of cool stuff! One of the biggest night club in Vegas (Pure) and Celine Dion was there! . . We stayed at the Augustus Tower which was not great, but not bad for the price *cough*cough*FREE!*cough*cough* My heart still belongs to Wynn/Encore, but a change in scenery would be nice.
I've been staying at Caesars almost every Vegas trip for the past couple of years and overall it is an excellent hotel.  I can't speak for the other towers but the Augustus and Palace towers are worth staying in.  I've heard the Centurion is one tower to avoid... . Overall service has always been excellent.  I actually don't think I've received bad service over the past two years - which is actually pretty amazing. The casino is large so there are always open tables to play.  There are multiple bars around as well to just relax and drink.  The spa Qua is really nice and relaxing.  Best of all Qua is very large so it doesn't feel crowded.. If you go there make sure to ask for an upgrade to the Augustus tower.  Will definitely go back.
We didn't stay in the hotel at Caesar's, but he did eat at the buffet downstairs. Out of the 5 buffets we had on the trip, this was the best! Our server was fabulous, and the food selection was great! My only complaint is that they did not offer cotton candy for dessert like the other buffets! :)
what happened to the Caesar's Palace Poker room reviews?  that's what my review was for. now it's just for the hotel itself. . . oh well. still a fan.
Caesar's Palace probably has the best location on the strip since it is smack in the middle.  The poker room is large and gives me a very comfortable feeling when I'm playing in it.  The rooms, and hotel, is a bit old in general, but they have been well maintained and I spent some time soaking in the in-room jacuzzi to try to sweat out all the alcohol.  The drinks here (free ones that you get gambling) are probably the best along with Bellagio's.  The slot machines though they don't have too many of the new games and I usually end up going to other casino's to get my jackpot on.
Great ambiance.  Forum shops are great for designer labels.  Waitresses were quick to bring drinks at the slots.  The buffet sucks.  We went there for brunch and it was more like a continental breakfast.  Couldn't get my coffee or champagne refilled.  Had to go to the server station and do it myself.  Paris brunch was way better but the lines sucked at both.
Review for casino and ticketing only:. . I've been to Caesars many times for shows and I've always found it to be an interesting place to people watch.  I like the different ways to get to the Palace and Forum casinos and how people I'm with often seem to get lost without proper directing.. . I was here today to buy a ticket for the new show "Absinthe."  OK, off to the box office by the Colosseum.  Nope.  Try check in.  No  box office.  Ask the concierge.  Oh it's outside by Serendipity 3.  Who knew?  Well they did.  And then, the box office doesn't open until noon, so I sat in the shade and played Angry Birds.. . The box office attendant was great!  She was very competent and helpful.  Now for the show in another week.  I can't wait!
I had my wedding at CP in the Venus Garden. As part of the package, they gave us two free nights. So, we went on a Saturday and Sunday and the service was exceptional. The guy checking us in happened to be from the same city as us, and gave us free upgrade to a top floor suite. The room was absolutely stunning, the decor, the cleanliness, everything was absolute perfection. My husband and I were very impressed.. . However, if you make a reservation at any CP restaurant, make sure you will attend. They charge a cancellation fee if you do not. We went to Mesa grill and it was very good. . . Overall, a very nice hotel, with very nice people. They let us check in early and treated us very well. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
Four stars for a free upgrade to a fat suite because our room wasn't ready in time.. . One star for the jacuzzi tub.. . One star for the amazing four fauceted shower (massage functions, baby)!. . And two stars for the flat screen TV built INTO the bathroom mirror.. . Sweet!
My reason for being at Caesars Palace wasn't for a bacchanalian bachelor party resulting in a destroyed suite, Mike Tyson's tiger, and a naked Asian guy jumping out of a trunk.  My girlfriend and I weren't staying at CP.  We were there for the Vegas Uncork'd Grand Tasting by the pool.  What is there to like about Caesars Palace?  Pretty much everything! Yes, it has the standard array of table games, slots, and video machines of various minimums. What separates CP from the average (and newer) casino/mega-resorts is that it possesses old school Vegas charm, but also has an abundance of modern-day cool.  It's distinctive in that it possesses a fine selection of world-class restaurants, high-end retail, and a first-rate entertainment venue.  . . CP's stable of restaurants reads like a Who's Who of the culinary world and is certainly the equal of the MGM Grand and Venetian/Palazzo in terms of quality and variety of eating destinations.  If price is no object, I highly recommend Guy Savoy, Mesa Grill and Bradley Ogden, in that order.  The Forum Shops are a bit rich for my blood, but it's without a doubt one of the most interesting, high-end shopping venues in the country.  However, despite all of its goodness, Caesars Palace is not perfect.  It possesses one huge flaw...Celine Dion.  Really?  Celine Dion?  Why?
great hotel! loved our room! awesome time =)
My girls and I stayed here a few weeks ago for 2 nights, and the hotel room was beautiful, with a straight-shot view of the gorgeous pools.  Our room was pretty large, and it actually had TWO bathrooms (two toilets, two sets of double sinks, 2 bathtubs, even 2 showers).  The only thing was that the two showers were right next to each other, with glass doors so we could only utilize one at a time, and had to have a system of hanging out towels over the glass doors so that someone else can use the sink and get ready.  The only thing I didn't like aboutstaying here was that it was really confusing to get around, and we got lost multiple times... and our rooms were so far from the forum shops that it was kind of inconvenient.
My husband and I just stayed here for an anniversary and I loved it! The room was a good size and the bathroom was huge. This hotel is huge and so unique. I also love the forum shops. I will definitely stay here again.
Wow.  . . I was upgraded to a deluxe room in the Augustus Tower with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  . . I'm a bit biased.. . Let me just tell you, though, if you can get this room... you should.  I didn't want to check out.  The room was huge, the beds were comfortable, the view was breathtaking, the bathroom was god-like and I just fell in love with it all.  Now I'm withholding a star from this rating because the other two people I came with, who were also upgraded to this tower, did not get the same view and their room just wasn't the same without it.  Still nice, just not 5-star worthy.  . . Some things to know.... . 1.  The taxi cab line is crazy.  It's really not worth waiting if you are going somewhere within walking distance.  I waited over 45 minutes one night.  . . 2.  The pool at Caesars is top notch.  Don't make the mistake of finding this out on the last day (like I did).  Experience it, love it and oh yeah, get there early cause it fills up quickly!. . 3.  The 24-hour buffet pass is worth it.  I know it seems steep, but just purchase it and you won't regret it.  Ceasars for breakfast (seriously, it's the best for that) and Planet Hollywood for dinner.  Rinse and repeat.  I left out lunch because you should be a) at the pool b) at the spa or c) raking in money at the craps table.  . . Overall, I can definitely recommend Ceasars Palace, but just make sure you don't get stuck in one of the old rooms.  Whatever you can do to get into the Augustus Tower, do it.  And request a view of the Bellagio Fountains!
This was a great hotel to stay at.. . Having been to Vegas a few times, with a budget and without - I have experienced 3 stars and 5 stars.    This would have been a hands down 5 star experience - except for what happened at the very end.... . My story begins on a cool summer day.  Strolling in with luggage in tow, a beautiful statue of three bare women engulf the main lobby.   Camera flashes, chimes and screams echo through the open air from the casino floor just yards away.   . . The wait was over quickly, and I approached the desk as a woman graciously checked me in.   I was happy to know that my room was located on the 32 floor of the new Augusta tower - where the showers are bigger, the Jacuzzi tub fit 2 if not 3 comfortably and the rooms were fit for a king to be. . . Blah, blah, blah.... You know how vegas goes. Let's get to the good stuff. . . So I order roomservice, and holy crap was this stuff expensive!! At no time did i spend less than $50 for a meal - i mean $10 for Orange Juice????  Okay - whatever....  I'm at a 5 star resort - so 5 star prices.. . The real kicker came at check out.   I wanted my point on my card, so I wait in line.    I wait in the Platinum line.  and I wait....  and I wait..... as I see the non-platinum LINES moving quickly.    At no time did a customer service rep. look up at and me and pull me from the PREFERRED "I SPEND A SHIT TON OF MONEY HERE- GIVE ME GOOD SERIVE" line...... . And so I leave my special line and go to the line next to me.... and it moves quickly - but just as I am about to go up the girl takes her break!!! .  . SERIOUSLY!!. . Well, as I was waiting in the non preferred line - a rep goes back to the platinum line and is playing on the computer.  I rush over to her and say, "Ma'am I just need to check out".. . she replies "Sir this is for the platinum guests only, please remain in your line". I say - "ma'am I am platinum, and was here before that man". --- "Sir, he was in line and you cut across, please go wait behind him" . . I turn around and say to the man "Was I here before you".... ... "Yes he was" the man tells her. . . 45 seconds later I was checked out. . . That whole process took me 27 minutes!!!   . . No 5 stars for you Cesars!  No 5 stars....
We arrive at the hotel rather late in the evening to a reservation that we made at least 9 months ago for the front desk guy to tell us the room was not available. . . With my whit and charm I was able to swing on of the suites for that night until our room was ready. This suite was a one bedroom two bath with a living room and dining room. Pretty fabulous!. . They notified us the next day that our room was ready...we were moved to the remodeled part of the hotel. The Augustus Towers. Pretty nice and spacious...the bathroom was big with a "royal bathtub"/seperate shower. There were two queen beds and a sofa. . . Location is ideal as it is smack down in the middle of the strip.. . Oh and last thing, make sure to go poolside at some point...all of the pools they have are fabulous.
Loved the Wizard of Oz penny slots!  Was hooked on for a while when playing w/other gamblers as a group.
Hotel - pretty nice. Casino - very fun. Pool - AMAZING!. . Caesars is in a great location. You canwalk right out onto the strip or walk through the Bellagio all the way down to the Aria. The restaurants are all pretty good and the best part is their absolutely stunning pool!! Kendra Wilkinson was hosting a party last time we were there so it was totally packed, but we still manged to find a nice spot in the sun to sit and relax. The cabanas are pretty pricey, but definitely worth it if you plan to spend all day at the pool. Pure is also one of my favorite clubs to go to during the week, weekends not so much but the cover is usually free or $5 and the drinks are great!
One of the greats of Las Vegas.  We stopped by for a drink and ended up playing blackjack for 6-7 hours.  This was solely because our dealers were awesome and couldn't stop talking smack about Steve Wynn - lol, apparently he robs his employees or something.  Nevertheless, around 1am, we ate at Nero's (which is open late-night...AWESOME) then picked up a room.  The room was on the 26th (?) floor in the Augustus tower and I must admit the room was stunning - great bathroom...as good as Encore.  The view was the pits however :(. . Still, I would stay here again if we got a better view.  Can't wait to try Mesa Grill next time ;)
We have had several enjoyable stays at the Casino. The multiple casinos, restaurants, and bars mean you really never have to leave the resort. The pool is beautiful but often crowded. At the pool, you can "buy" pool side beds, cabanas, and couches but they are over-priced if you don't have a group ($300 / day + includes food service). The rooms are just really average, even the deluxe rooms.
In town for a two night stay and having been to Vegas several times, I looked forward to staying at Caesar's for the first time ever in my life.  It usually is pricy but I scored a $99 per night reservation.  Upon arrival, I found out the hard way that self parking is on the opposite side of where the lobby is.  Soooo be ready to walk through the whole casino with your luggage to check in at the front desk or check in your baggage at the Bell Desk.  . . By the afternoon, I was ready to check in but upon arriving, I didn't see any sort of lines being formed.  Unlike other casinos, Caesar's didn't have the DIsneyland queue where people line up to check in.  So lines were just being formed randomly behind every front desk person that they had.  Not exactly the most organized way as I was able to score a short line while I saw another person standing 5 deep.. . The room was pretty good from the Forum Tower.  The room is a bit older but had a good view of the West Vegas side facing Rio and the Palms.  The shower had the "rain" faucet and the bathroom mirror had a little TV inside.  Unfortunately the TV was on the outside and not where the toilet was.  Boooooo!  . . Caesar's location on the Strip and proximity to other casinos made it a pleasant place to stay despite the horrendous triple digit temperatures that I had to deal with.  The location, plus the quality room, at a decent price makes it a definite desirable option for any out of town group who wants to set up their vacation home base in the mid-Strip.
Me and my family stayed in Caesar's last month. And the place is grandeur. It is beautiful and quite spacious. The Forum Shops contain numerous stores, such as a 3-STORY H&M store, Louis Vuitton, etc etc. There is definitely a lot of stores and boutiques. The front of the hotel is so beautiful. . . The swimming pools of Caesar's Palace. There were so many pools with a massive one in the middle. Beware: the Pina Colada costs 11 bucks. no exaggeration, no lie. . . the hotel is in a nice spot relative to the Strip. Close to a lot of big hotels. i just can't stress the beauty of this place enough. The front and the inside and the pools...Caesar's was absolutely beautiful. There's spas for you, dining.. . I think what's impressive is the Forum Shops, shopping section (east wing) of Caesar's Palace. Holds probably about what? over 100 shops? . Do keep in mind these stores are high-priced stores. There is an antique store , having like 1980s or 1990s or before 1960s and such posters with autographs. Pretty cool to look at. . . So if you don't mind pricy shopping, Forum Shops are the way to go.. If you have children along, definitely try the pools at least once. . Again, the hotel is convenient in terms of location on the Strip (in the middle).. . I really liked this hotel. Very big and not small at all. I had fun.
Poor Alan got gypped when they told him Caesar didn't live here - I have a picture that proves he TOTALLY does! :) See uploads.. . This hotel is a prime example of Las Vegas decadence, and I LOVE it. Granted, I've never stayed here, but I've spent enough time in the Forum Shops and casino and bars to know it's my kinda over-the-top fabulousness that defines Vegas.. . The main check in area is pretty fabulous, with the ridiculous painted ceilings and domes. Gorgeous.. . I'll write a separate review for the Forum Shops, but needless to say, they're equally as awesome. . . One of these days I'll stay in the hotel itself, but either way - I always make multiple visits to Caesar's when I'm in LV, and really love being immersed in the classic theme.. . Speaking of which, I still have a $12 casino credit if anyone's headed there anytime soon ... :)
My sisters and I really liked this mall. There are several mid to high end stores there and decent restaurants too. It reminded me of a shopping experience I can enjoy back in Chicago.. I believe the mall stays open until midnight.
veiw from hotel room was excellent, buffet was good. i enjoyed cranberry juice a lot while playing in casino. club in hotel was o.k bit congested .roman scriptures r theexcellent part in hotel. going to pool& sunbath was relaxing.
ROOMS - Stayed in the Forum Tower...comped room (heck yeah!!) ...not much to complain about here - the bed was super comfy; everything looked newly updated; huge waterfall shower;  just a really solid room.&. . POOL - if you're looking for an over the top party scene this isn't the place.  The pool area is enormous, with lots of different pools w/ different vibes...but the primary vibe is chill, relaxed, luxurious, and adult - - - i didn't see a single kid, but i think there's a kid area somewhere.  The "Venus" pool area is topless, although the ladies going topless are a mix of "damn!" & "please put your top back on", so your eyes never know what they might accidentally land on....  Had a blast both days w/o feeling like I was at a frat party : ). . NIGHTLIFE - "Pure" nightclub is a joke.  Period.  Maybe the club is beautiful  but the people they had in that line were NOT.  We were on a list to get in free & were about to walk in when I took a good look around and realized I'd be spending Sat night w/ some seriously "not ready for prime time" individuals.  Hmmmm....that sounded mean... but when you're in Vegas you kinda want to be surrounded by hotness ; ). . SHOPPING - a bunch of the same shops that you can find everywhere else - BUT, the little boutique (Carina?) had an awesome sale & I got out like a bandit!!  ....also made out w/ 75% off at the swim shop outside the pool area....end of summer sale - WOO!. . RESTAURANTS - Eat at "Joe's" & be happy.. . GAMBLING - the "pussycat dolls" section of tables was full of some smoking hot dealers...but I tend to like a slightly less distracting vibe when I'm losing all my money - - - I had a great night (turned $100 into $750) & a junk night (lost $300 in about 30 minutes).
Compared to the Circus Circus this place is light years ahead.. We pricelined a hotel and got Caesars. I was a little saddened that Bellagio wasn't the hotel surprise.. This place is larger than gigantic. Walking from our room to the lobby takes 15 minutes!!!! (assuming you don't take a wrong turn). . Our room was very large and had some nice high end touches like automatic curtains for the ultimate lazy git. And the TV in the bathroom made you feel like a playa.. . The bed was plush and comfortable. The casino was decent and the forum shops were just as huge. You could easily spend your day just trying to get out!. . It's nice.
I'll begin my review by addressing some of the common concerns previous reviewers had written down. . . Checkin: We were asked to come back an hour later because the room wasn't ready. Not a big deal because we were shopping in the mall anyway and as another added benefit, we were upgraded to the Augustus tower from the Palace towers. . . Dirty Rooms: Our room was clean however there was a slight smoke smell (we were in the non-smoking section). It wasn't a big enough deal for us to switch rooms but it was noticeable. . . I've stayed in a total of four hotels now (Palazzo, Mandalay Bay, Aria, Caesars) and I"ve been comparing them together trying to get a ranking going on and Caesars would be in 2nd place. Palazzo is still my favorite (you can refer to my reviews for information on it), but the location of Caesars gives it a big advantage. With Palazzo, I hated having to walk so far to everywhere. It was nice being able to get pretty much anywhere I needed to be (Bellagio, Aria, Venetian, MGM Grand, PH), via light walking or the tram. . . Bed: A+ Very comfortable. Safe: Box attached to the wall, very shallow. Location: Augustus Towers would be more appropriate for anyone who spends more time on the Bellagio side of the strip. The entrance to Augustus Towers is right near the stairs to go to Bellagio, trams. . Parking Garage: Incredibly hot, they need to create more ventilation in there. Depending on where you park, the walk can be far and walking through that garage is like walking through the Sahara
"This isn't the real Caesars Palace, is it?... Did um.. Caesar live here?"   HAHA  That cracks me up every time... . As a little kid, I used to love to stay at this hotel.  I was always a fan of the fake skies and the various Roman statues sprinkled throughout the casino.  From what I remember, the rooms were fairly spacious and clean, and I just loved the ancient Roman decorations.  . . Now as an adult, I love this place for the shopping!  The Forum Shoppes... oh my!  I love the H&M here!  I think I spent the most money at this particular one.. I don't know why....  Retail therapy does wonders.. that is until you get your bill.. EEK!. . Serendipity, one of my favorite dessert places on the Strip, is also right outside Caesars.  Make sure you stop by if you have time (http://www.yelp.com/biz/serendipity-3-las-vegas#hrid:NljQf1OK85_UaHAv0rjncA). . If you're into the clubbing scene, PURE is the spot for you.  It's a pretty sizable club, and if you get there early enough (before 11pm), you can usually get in for free.  And of course, be mindful of your guy:girl ratio.
We stayed for three nights recently and enjoyed our stay. We were in the cheapest room in the forum tower and thought it would be somewhat crappy. We was pleasantly surprised. The shower had a rain shower head and a standard. It was all marble and big enough for two. The bathroom mirror had a built in tv inside. There's a separate toilet area also. The bedroom area had a mirrored headboard and the bedding was actually quite nice. There was a sofa and a sofa chair in the room also. I've been to Vegas numerous times and this was the nicest standard room I've ever been in. It's not amazing but it's amazing for the price. I was extremely satisfied with the room.. . The only negative thing I have to say about our stay is about the check in process. Check in was 4pm. We got to the front desk person at four o'clock on the dot. The front desk person started checking us in and somehow they didn't have a room availableyet. If I wanted to pay to upgrade to a better room I could have that now otherwise it would be an hour or two before we'd get in a room. My girl and I were pissed. Planet Hollywood tried this BS on our last stay there and they're owned by the same company. We declined the upgrade and then he said maybe one of the rooms being cleaned would be ready in a half hour to an hour. Maybe. They'll call me. We went to a bar in the lobby to cool down and sure enough they called in a half hour to say the room was ready. What I don't understand is why if checkout is at 11am they don't have my room ready by 4pm. It's bad enough you can't check in 'til four but then they try to get you to upgrade to check in on the time they set. How long until check in is at 6, 7, or even 8? The biggest reason I stay at Harrahs properties is the whole "No Resort Fees" thing.
Caesars is a timeless place. They keep updating their restaurant roster. Try Payards for desert or Central for a some awesome comfort food.
I was honestly shocked at just how much I wound up enjoying my stay at Caesars Palace.  Though we had initially booked a room in the Forum Tower, which I had heard was a lengthy suitcase drag from the front desk, we wound up being upgraded to the newly renovated Augustus Tower due to our room not being prepared upon our arrival.  Our new space provided a luxurious experience that included dual flat-screen TVs (one in the bathroom), a jacuzzi tub, floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio fountain show, a large sitting area, and more.  The room was extremely cleanand well-kept.  Plus, the beds were very comfortable.. . While the hotel was large and involved a substantial effort to navigate, I found it much more inviting and less overwhelming than the MGM Grand, where I had stayed a few years back.  The Forum Shops provided access to high-class shopping, decadent restaurants, and enjoyable entertainment.  The pool area was ridiculously amazing!  When we first stepped out onto the patio, we were amazed by the large pool that loomed in front of us.  On the first afternoon, we parked ourselves adjacent to this crowded venue.  However, before heading back inside later that day, I did some exploring and discovered that there were several other pools laying just behind the main attraction, including one with swim-up blackjack tables.  So, we made sure to enjoy those additional sections on the following day.  The staff at the pool was extremely welcoming, and the cocktail list was spectacular.  My Cranberry Mojito included a bunch of ripe berries and fresh mint sprigs.  It was incredibly refreshing and addicting!  There was also a pool party occurring in a blocked off section of the yard that we could not see, but could definitely hear.  We decided not to participate, but it seemed like the party-goers were enjoying themselves.. . All in all, Caesars Palace provided all of the standard amenities and more, without being as hectic and stressful as the other large casinos on the Strip.  This old classic had been revamped and ready to take on even the trendiest of hotels.
What can you say? Just an all around cool Vegas hotel!
Overall this hotel was very nice.  This was my second trip to Vegas and refused to stay at the hotel I was at last time.. . Caesar's was clean, the food was good and it smells great walking into the lobby to check-in.  The service at the front desk, concierge and room servie was awesome.  I'm always amazed at how great the service is in Vegas compared to other places.. . The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of security.  I know with these large hotels it's hard to control flow, but I have been to other hotels where a key is required to enter the guest elevator area or on the elevator to get to a floor.  Some creepy guy was on my floor asking for money and scared the shyt out of me.  I called security right away and they said they would check it out.  It just freaked me out.. . If I go back to Vegas I would have no problem staying at Caesar's again.
Caesars Palace is a great place to escape, stay, eat, shop, drink, dance, and hang with family & friends! Their suites are very nice & roomy, plenty to eat & shop @ the Forum shops, dance & party @ Pure! It's a great palace trust me!!!!
Place was super nice! I must say, in the casino area, it didnt smell so bad. Normally when you go around the casino areas you sell smoke but here you barely smelled any cigerrette smell. Nice place to take pictures. never ending structures. definitely love the forum shop! when your in vegas must go to the forum shop!
This is one of my favorite hotels to stay at... Its a good location, it had a mall connected to it, and its very clean!  Always request to stay at the Augustus tower because the rooms are newer and its easier to get to and it had great views of the strip too!
Never stayed at this hotel (although I wouldn't mind it) but on my last LV trip a couple friends did and they absolutely LOVE it. Rooms are huge, clean, and well decorated (so they say).... . For some reason I like the casino here... I dunno what it is about it but I just like it. There are TONS of places to eat... TONS of places to shop... and LOTS of sculptures... beautiful Roman sculptures to see...  curved escalators and a little waterfall/pond inside... outside of the property there are Roman sculptures and waterfalls... it's really a gorgeous property inside and out. . . They also have a free show in front of the Cheesecake Factory called the Fall of Atlantis. Pretty cool show that shows the myth of Atlantis. I think they perform it every hour... and behind the show there's a huge saltwater aquarium with LOTS of different fish. Very pretty!. . It's located pretty much in the center of the strip. Great location. Great hotel!
Stayed in a Forum Tower deluxe room; was offered an upgrade to a Palace Tower room (much nicer than Forum Tower), but declined due to location of Palace Tower elevators.  The Forum Tower deluxe room is smaller than Bally's North Tower deluxe room, but I thought it was nicer.  I really enjoyed my four night stay and would stay here again.  For me, the main detractor with staying at Caesars Palace is the rates they charge for rooms.  However, as I said, I really enjoyed my stay.
I love this hotel, great shops and pool!  They must have a great air circulating system because i didn't get the smelly smokey air you usually get when hanging out on the casino floor.  MY hubby stayed here for his bachelor party and he said the rooms are really nice.
This place is HUGE! My friend got comped for this hotel and I literally got lost here a few times. Even though this place has been opened for a long time. It's still very nice and well-kept inside. . . Don't stay in Palace Towers.. it's hella far! The walk was crazy from the casino floor to the room.. . The room was very pretty. It's better than any place I've ever stayed at. Right when I entered the room, the bathroom was on the left. There was a shower, closed toilet room, 2 sinks, and a jacuzzi tub. OMG! I didn't even get to use the tub! No time! The closet also has a motion censored light! Love it!
I had a Roman Tower room with a king bed, love seat, and desk.  All standard amenities and comfortable bed.   Bath had a small TV, tub with shower and separate shower stall.  Double sink was located in separate area.  There were no doors on the bath in my room - if you're alone it's great - if not you want to ensure you do not get this type room unless you have no modesty at all.  It is located in the oldest part of the hotel.  I did not expect it to be the most luxurious, but it was perfectly acceptable - I was offered an upgrade for a very modest price.  Since this was my first stay I decided to start at the bottom.  I was alone, and the room was fine for me.  For what I paid it was a bargain - I've paid more for standard motel rooms.  . . Distances are daunting, but this is a large property - it can't be avoided.  It was almost smoke free, and as a staunch non smoker that was important.  The Forum Shops are great.  The help in the Caesars stores were friendly.  The desk staff was efficient.  I had no wait at all to check in.  The maid was particularly friendly.  Parking was easy - I used self always.  . . Learn the back roads - Frank Sinatra Dr, Dean Martin Dr, Jay Sarno Dr, and Industrial Rd - avoid the Strip.  Once you learn to navigate on these roads getting to and from Caesar's is easy.  Use maps and Google - my iPad on Google was a great help.  Once you learn your way it's so simple to get to some other properties too.  . . If you demand utmost luxury then pay the extra for a room in one of the newer and more luxurious towers - as always you get what you pay for.  For my money I thought the Roman Tower was a great bargain for the price - it's still Caesars, and any room in Caesars in great.  . . Location is hard to beat on the Strip.  Almost anything you want is within easy walking distance as well as other great properties.  . . I didn't give it five stars because I think unless one has stayed at many of the Strip properties it is hard to rate it at the very top.  I'll guarantee I'm a fan of Caesars though.  . . Two things I did not like.  There was an adjoining room door - there was not enough sound proofing, and the neighbors were unnecessarily loud late at night.. . Also I was near the Forum Tower elevators on the 7th floor Roman which matches the 53rd floor of the Forum.  When returning to car I forgot the matching floor for elevator.  I asked at Players counter, and was informed she had no idea, and I wasn't allowed to use those elevators anyway - only down not up.  That's bunk.  So I had to walk a great deal further with luggage, and then walk all the way back on my floor since my room was at the extreme end directly next to Forum.  Needless to say I noted the floor number that time, and I used those elevators my entire stay.  Take the time to learn location of your room relating to available elevators - it'll make your loading and unloading far easier.  . . I would definitely stay at Caesar's again, but naturally as with most price is always a consideration - for the right price Caesars would be an easy choice.
First off, I just wanna say this was my first time going to Vegas. So with lots of good ratings from friends, I decided to give it a try.. . The first night I shared room with a friend and it was located in the forum tower. They had the reward points and earned two nights free which I thought was great! Their room was pretty nice with a flat screen in the main bedroom and one in the restroom! Called for room service to get some extra towels, toothpaste and covers. They bought it over within 25 minutes. They also includes extra toothbrush and mini mouthwash!!! Awesome!! . . However, the next day when I checked into my room. Located in the roman tower. It was kind of a disappointment because the restroom didn't even have a door! I know!!! I would of complain but I figured, why :/ I was leaving the next day anyways . Some of my other friends who flew in the very same day got the same package and with my story to them about my room, they told the customer service n got themselves free upgrade. I guess i should of complain right!? Oh well. That's really why I gave it four stars.. Not meeting the expectations. On top of that the requested bed was a king n I ended up getting a queen size. Great right? . . But I do enjoy the customer services and been taking lots of pictures!!!! Love this hotel, compared it to the others n yes.. It's worth the money! Do go a cheap rate if u search around n get promotions code.. . K, it's 3a.m.. Maybe I should sleep. Wait.. Who sleeps in Vegas!? Lol
I have been in and out of Caesars many times over the years.  I can almost find my way around :-)  This was my first time I found the pool areas and gardens.  I took a whole bunch of photos I have yet to upload.  My favorite restaurant is Hyakumi.  There are lots of places within the building to take pictures.
Once again, I'm commenting on the hotel grounds......haven't stayed here yet unfortunately, although my cousin swears they are the most comfortable beds ON THIS EARTH.  She loves staying here.  I just have never had the pleasure.  What I love about this hotel is that it is older elegance, and yet, it still draws throngs of crowds, young and old, refined and hip.  This place is still happening, and it's still beautiful, it continues to grow by leaps and bounds (I always see new things here everytime we come to Vegas) and it simply never disappoints.  The Forum Shops alone keep this place going, but this hotel continually boasts great entertainment, great dining, great hotel amenities (from what I hear), and whatever else tickles your fancy.  . . What I love is that they were the first hotel to have a buffet....... their "Sunday Brunch."  I cannot tell you how special it was, and how much my family and I would create an entire trip around making sure we got to have Caesar's Palace Sunday Brunch.  Now?  Buffets are everywhere at almost every hotel, and not just on Sundays, and as for the famous Caesar's brunch, they have now downplayed and minimized the once great and amazing brunch.  That part makes me a little sad, but the memory of what it represented to us still lingers on in my mind and makes me smile.  It also dates me a little.  : )     Some of you know, though, what that brunch was all about !!. . My aunt was a high roller here and loved this hotel.............perhaps, more than her children.   No, just kidding (I think).     :)
I love Caesars palace!! but I gave them one less star because the walk to the different towers are quite ridiculously long lol. I stayed in the palace tower. But other than that, I love the location of the hotel! Right in the middle of all the fun!
Very nice property. Great room overlooking the pool. My favorite thing about the room is the bathroom! Beautiful granite countertops, huge jacuzzi tub, and very large shower with glass door from floor to ceiling.. . I would definitely stay here again when I go back to Las Vegas.
I stayed here for recent work conference and it's one of the better stays I've had in Vegas.  The rooms were nice, it didn't smell too much like smoke, there were a lot of options for food and the beds were comfy.  The jacuzzi jets in the bathtub were also a nice perk.  The only downside was the check-in/front desk was really slow and the Business Center people took two hours to get us our boxes of items for the show leaving us with a pathetic looking table for awhile.
Let me take you through my stay.... . Check in: Terrible!  I'm sure it wouldn't be any different at other hotels on the strip, but waiting in line for 30 minutes when there's only 3 people in front of us, at 9pm at night....not cool.. . Room: Awesome! We got a 2 bedroom suite and it was amazing!  The view was of the Casear's many pools, which are beautiful!  The living room and dining area were huge, as was the master bedroom (ours), with two bathrooms which were connected by the shower..pretty cool.  I will say, for the money, we probably didn't spend enough time in the room to get a suite next time.. . Shopping: If you're like me and not that into gambling your money away, check out The Forum shops.  There's everything from Express and Banana Republic, to Guess by Marciano, on up to Gucci, Dolce & Gabana and more.  . . Room Service: Eh.  We tried ordering breakfast one morning and after being put on hold for 20 minutes, were told the wait was an hour and a half.  Ummm, nope.. . Spa: I'll do a separate review for this, so check it out.  It was AMAZING!. . Overall: One of the nicer hotels I've stayed at in Vegas.  I've been several times and have stayed at New York New York, Rio and Bally's.  I would definitely stay here again.  It offers easy access to the strip and is situated a convenient spot on the strip.
Just stayed here, i loved the atmosphere, the beautiful rooms, yummy food, convenience, ill go back, the only thing is that its not that modern or renuvated but still cool!
This is one of my favorite casinos to visit.  The sports book is really nice and there are some nice places to eat there.  We stopped by some craps tables and the folks running the table were more than happy to talk to us and answer any questions we had.  This is a very pleasant casino to go to.
Well, started off slow due to the 20 min wait to get checked in.  They need more staff  on hand to handle the mass amount of guest checking in at 4pm.  I stayed in the Augustus tower, 36th floor with a view of the fountain's at the Bellagio.  . . The room was great, wonderful jetted tub, big enough for 2. TV installed in the bathroom also so you can relax in the tub and watch a little TV.  Bathroom also has separate glass enclosed shower. Bed was very comfortable.   Honestly, the best thing about this room was the view.   . . The casino floor is HUGE,  one of the largest I have seen in Vegas.  There are restaurants scattered all over the casino floor and  the Forum shoppes.. . Service other than when I checked it was great.
No resort fees which is always nice. If you stay here and are driving,  valet your car - the walk from the self park garage to the hotel check in took me over 20 minutes and it's pretty easy to get lost as this place is huge. I got upgraded to a room in the Palace Tower which was huge - two bathrooms, flatscreen TV, nice furniture etc. (was a weekday) without asking - nothing to complain about here. . . Poker: They have a 1-3 game with 500 MAX buy-in which is nice. 2-5 has no MAX buy in. The dealers were all friendly and competent - the competition is mostly tourists. No redbull(monster only)/top shelf liquor in the pokerroom. Waitresses are very attractive, but hey its Vegas. Personally I like the 1-3 here better than the 1-2 at Bellagio (200 max) or the Aria. Bathroom and sportsbook are located right outside the pokerroom.. . Sportsbook: I've placed several bets here however I've never stuck around to watch a game. The seats are always taken and full. The nice thing is you can cash in your ticket at any Harrah's property.. . Casino: Same games you would find at any other casino in Vegas, with somewhat higher limits.
This was perhaps my 10th stay at Caesars, and I'm never disappointed.  . . I booked a regular room online, but upgraded to a suite at the desk.  I'm really pleased with spending the extra money, as I felt a little more like I was at home, and not in a hotel.  . . Didn't need to use concierge or bell, but the associate at the desk was extremely accommodating.  A timely follow up voicemail was left, with contact info, in case I needed further assistance.. . It was Super Bowl weekend, and I went to Pure on Saturday night.. . What happened in Vegas........well, it ended up on Facebook!  :)
I like this casino more than most of the ones on the strip. For being ancient, it still has the appearance of being new. Forum Shops are the best thing in this casino. Restaurants are generally good here and pricey (expected on the strip). The food court isn't bad either and it's definitely unique to all the food courts in other casinos. I live here so I've never stayed here, but if you're looking for a place to occupy your time for hours, then come here.
This place is old, but it's kept up and still looks nice. What I liked most was that it's connected to the shopping center and a lot of good eats. Cheesecake Factory! We didn't do much gambling here since there were no promos. . . I will come back for Celine Dion! I must see her in concert. I believe she's there for another 3 years.
Definitely beats the last hotels I stayed at, palazzo and PH, but not as great as those higher end hotels (cosmo, wynn). We got the rewards membership and got discounted rooms, pretty decent room. Very clean and simple. The great thing about this hotel is that it is HUGE and there's SO MUCH to do. The forum shops are great. Lots of stuff to do in Caesars! Check in isnt till later in the day but we were able to check in early before noon. I recommend people to  try to checkin early if they want and most likely you'll be able to get your room early, since rooms are usually available. . . If I had to save money I'll def stay at this hotel. Its inbetween 2 great nightclubs, XS and Marquee, right in the middle of the strip. So many restaurants and shops and things to do in Caesar, you really can't go wrong at this classic hotel.
If you know me and you know me well then you know I love the movie, The Hangover.. . Of course, I have to throw out a few references.... . Julius Caesar really didn't live there.. The place is pager friendly but I'm taking cool points away from you to be on the web reading this review with a pager on your hip.. You won't find pay phones here.. . I suppose this review is about the gambling experience I had here --- AWESOME. What a really cool place to hangout for the night. From what I understand this place is old but the atmosphere here is amazing. I would have thought that this place was recently built because everything here appears brand new. Everything here is taken care of daily and taken care of well. All things appear brand new to me.. . People smoke here but the place doesn't smell like cigarettes. You'll find lots of action going on here even late at night or early in the morning (however you look at it). The dealers at the tables (I'm a craps shooter) are extremely friendly and they made my experience very memorable. You'll find a few different nightclubs here, Pure, being one that I previously reviewed.. . One quick funny story. I was here in November 2010 with two friends who wanted to turn $200 into a $1,000 over a few hands of black jack. The dealer, a very old Asian man with a thick accent, spent almost six or seven minutes cutting the cards in front us and didn't say a single word to anyone (I was just watching my friends gamble). I was wondering why the hell it was taking him so long and within five hands and not even five minutes of dealing my buddies were each out $200. I suppose this dealer was trying to provide some sort of experience because dammit Vegas will get you.. . I plan on making several more trips in my lifetime to Sin City and will soon not only patronize Caesar's Palace for gambling purposes but for the hotel stay, clubbing and for dining. You must visit this place if you are Las Vegas.
Reviewing the casino only.. . Caesar's Palace is probably the only old-school Vegas Strip hotel to actually keep up with the times and modernize quickly enough to have never become obsolete. Case in point: Caesar's opened 2 years BEFORE Circus Circus. Compare the two today. Enough said.. . The casino is a sprawling wonderland of flashing lights, soaring ceilings and trendy bars. It is the ONLY casino on the Strip where I could reliably find a cocktail waitress any time I wanted a drink. For that fact alone, I found myself pumping far more money into Caesar's slot machines than any other casino. . . The pool area is gorgeous, though they were closed when we visited. This also meant that the poolside bar didn't have any of its frozen drinks in stock, so we had to get a second-rate Pina Colada at one of the indoor bars. Boo.. . Another attribute worth noting: Qua Spa at Caesar's Palace is heaven. $45 for a day pass (or free if you buy a treatment) and you'll wonder why you ever came to Vegas for the food and gambling. I'm tempted to fly back west just to be pampered there again.. . So for being my favorite hang-out on the Strip, Caesar's gets 4 stars.
Stayed in the newest tower. Octavius.  Opened Jan 2012.  Nice room.  Qua Spa and fitness center was awesome. Great location. The Forum offers unlimited dining and shopping.  Good conference hotel. Casino a little too smokey but otherwise had a god experience
Finally stayed here - awesome! Great room and great view!
I have stayed at several hotels on the strip over the last year or so, but this week was my first time at Caesar's. I really enjoyed it. The place is so huge that you really don't even have to leave (except it's Vegas, so you have to). There are a ton of shops, plenty of restaurants and the rooms are really nice.. . Pro's:. My room had a single king sized bed, a large walk-in shower with bench, small couch and over-sized chair. All of the furniture was very comfortable. The pool area, forums, and casino floor is all very nicely done and modern.. . Con's:. Access to the gym is an extra $25/day. Wi-Fi is $14.99 per day. The mini-fridge has weight sensors, so if you move an item (without using it), you can get billed. Parking feels like it is a mile walk.. . Nevertheless, I think Caesar's is a great spot. It's affordable, has nice rooms, and is right in the middle of the strip.
We stayed in the Octavius Tower. I loved it. I had no problems with noise & It was very nice looking (I'm not some high-end, rich person though). . . I wanted to compliment their service answering the phones. Every time I needed to contact them the person on the other end of the phone was SOO nice! Extremely nice. It instantly put you in a good mood!
4.5 Stars.  Casino is always busy and crowded, but the dealers are very friendly.  Room was okay, not much better than other casinos on the strip.  What you really pay for is the great service.  Friendly and prompt.  I docked half a star because beverage service needed some severe revamping.  Waited almost 15 minutes for a waitress to come and waited another 15 for my drink.
I definitely recommend the Octavius and Augustus towers. Room was fabulous since it was newer. I also appreciated how close the towers exited to the strip.
IMO Caesars still holds up very well with all the ultra-posh, fancypants newer hotels and casinos.  A Vegas Classic!
Don't remember playing too much here, as we came by Caesar's Palace around 4 in the morning one night however I do remember how beautful everything was! and DANG this place is huge. I wish we would of spent some more time here, but with only a week and so much to do, we had to run around as much as possible. . . I will definitely return and may even consider staying at Caesar's as it's location on the Vegas strip is smack dap in the middle!. . . All I have to say is, who let the dogs out!
Great hotel.. Nice view of the strip from the rooms
My husband booked a room in the Forum tower (through Costco) and we were upgraded to a suite when we arrived.  It was very nice in terms of size and comfort, but it could have used a little updating (chipped paint, worn textiles, etc.). For a free upgrade, it was fabulous, but I think I would have been annoyed if we paid rack rate for it.  . . The Forum tower was very convenient for the pool and for parking.  We had a bit of difficulty locating any empty lounges at the pool, but we eventually found two and had a good time.  The poolside drinks were a bit pricey, but I think that's true of all similar situations.  . . All of the employees with whom we interacted were extremely friendly and helpful.  We were very happy with our experience here, and we will likely stay here again.
I went with three friends for St. Patrick's Day (and it was a Saturday). We parked in the back and had such a hard time trying to find check-in. We were constantly getting lost in this place. We had booked two suites but when we got there the man at the check-in counter recommended that we upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite, Augustus Tower Senator Suite. It was actually cheaper for us to get that room for all 4 of us instead of just two separate rooms. . . That room was amazing. It had a double door entry, a huge living room with a table that seated 6, 4 bathrooms, bidet, large whirlpool tub, two bedrooms, great view. We were in heaven. So many amenities, I could have left my toiletry bag at home. Fantastic time at the beautiful Caesar's Palace.
We had a king bed in the Augustus tower and the room was really spacious! It came with a sofa, round table, plenty of drawers.. his/her sink, stand up shower, tub with jets.. (too bad the jets didn't work during our stay).  . . I love the location!  It's close and centralized on the strip so you can either go north or south to find more.  The Augustus tower is by far my favorite here! I've stayed in other towers but they don't compare (otherwise I'd remember them!)..  Luckily I've seen a few celebrities here as well (Tito Ortiz and Daughtry to name a few).
Recently stayed at Augustus tower and the room was really spacious It came with a sofa, round table, plenty of drawers.. his/her sink, stand up shower, tub with jets. I was really impressed and i had a great view of the bellagio fountain at night time i would watch the show the pool is also very nice with a nice bar I'll definitely comeback :)
I really love Caesar's Palace. Located in the middle of the strip with just about everything you need. A nice mall to walk around to spend your winnings, food everywhere from pricey Spago to cheaper food court....hotel rooms are spacious and nice as well. Definitely one of my favorite hotels in terms of practicality! For looks, it's nice, but I personally like the theme/colors of Cosmo and Aria.. . Oh, and the fact that it has Payard makes it even better!
Great room, and the service was definitely two thumbs way up. They made sure my stay was top shelf! Room service was prompt and on key! Will i stay here again... Definitely.. The weather was great (108 degrees on friday) and the pool was hoppin. Great music and good times.
Before we arrived I was already calling concierge for help!  They are so friendly!  No matter where in the hotel you stay, at least where we stayed, it was close to everything you wanted to do, Pool, Gambling, Food.  Easy access to across the street and the Shops at Cesars!  Oh HEAVEN!  And my newest addiction is the Craps Machine, Yes, Machine!
Caesars was awesome easily one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed in, I mean what isn't there to like.  First off the place is massive, just flat out huge, multiple restaurants, multiple bars and of course an assortment of slots and table games for your gaming pleasure.. . The pool area is magnificence; I believe there are good 7 or 8 different pools for your swimming and also ogling pleasure.  Chairs are on a first come, first serve basis, so get out there early to snag the prime locations.. . The room I stayed in was amazing, probably bigger than my apartment, huge King size bed, a couch and two arm chairs.  The bathroom alone was a prize, huge walk in shower with dual showerheads, a huge Jacuzzi tub that could comfortable fit two or more people. Two separate toilets in two different rooms and also a bidet and nothing says classy hotel like a bidet.. . The only downsides are that it is super pricey, 8 dollars for an aluminum bottle of Miller Lite at the pool side bar is a bit extreme. 25 dollars for a Long Island ice tea poolside. Everything is way more than it should be but then again it is Vegas and on the strip, so you should know what to expect.. . The TV was acting very bizarre, the channel would randomly change to the menu screen several times by itself and then it would be impossible to change the channel off of the menu screen.  Finally called down to the front desk and they were able to reset the TV but then the TV would no longer turn on, called again and they sent someone to replace the batteries, they seemed to fix the issue but it was still an annoying situation.. . Also for some reason I was standing on the side of the tub and noticed that the paint was chipping in the ceiling above the mirror, come on Caesars you're a classy establishment, you've got to be more through with your upkeep.. . Still wonderful hotel and definitely looking forward to a return visit.. . PS I won 52 dollars on a penny slot, like I said what's not to like.
Stayed at the Caesars Palace in the Octavius towers.. . The Octavius Tower, a 668-room hotel tower. The resort's sixth tower offers a unique luxurious resort experience with a private entrance, separate hotel lobby and direct access to the Garden of the Gods pool oasis and gardens.. Spacious guest rooms, starting at 550 square-feet, offers a modern, luxurious decor incorporating earthy shades of browns, and grays.. Marble-tiled bathrooms feature contemporary striped wall coverings, oversized whirlpool bathtubs and enclosed glass showers with multiple shower heads.. . The location is in the center of the Las Vegas strip. So one can walk easily to nearby casino.. . This was a wonderful experience and if you become members of the emperors club you get discount coupons in your email.. . They charge no resort fee and in the Octavious tower Valet and porter services are free.
I was really not expecting this place to be so nice. I used to work for the company that owns Caesars, so I had insider information. The one in AC is OK, but the one in Vegas is fabulous!. . Where do I begin? The rooms are spacious and lovely. The beds are comfy. The views from the upper floors are amazing! One side faces the Bellagio fountains, the other faces the Caesars pool. The bathrooms are insane! HUGE, and they come with stand up showers AND enormous jacuzzi tubs. You can literally fit 3 people in that tub comfortably. The pool is beautiful, clean and also enormous. They have great frozen drinks, hot waitresses, comfy poolside chairs. The bars are great, the restaurants are cool. The go-go dancers are amazing eye-candy. Sheesh! . . I loved every second of my stay here, and to make things even better? On my way out, I dropped $1 in a slot machine as an afterthought and won $300! What's better than that?. . Hats off to you, Caesars Vegas, you made me actually enjoy my stay in that godforsaken town.
Regardless of how long this hotel has been here, it is one of the most famous hotels in the world. The clientele here are older and classier than what you may see at the Palms, Cosmopolitan or any of the other Harrahs Caesars properties (Flamingo, Bally's, Harrah's etc.) It's no coincidence the Hangover movie chose to film parts of their movie in this hotel/casino. One of the drawbacks of this hotel is maybe that the casino floor is too big, and it sometimes may be too big and you can get lost in it if it's your first time there. The casino has an elegant pool as well. . . The casino has awesome Greco-Roman artwork and architecture; patterned to the liking of we studied about Greece and Italy in school or when you go visit those places. Water fountains are also just as elegant. . . . One of the best things about Caesars is that it is located in the center of the strip at Flamingo and the Las Vegas Boulevard. Just hop over the sky bridge and you are at Bellagio or Bill's across the street. There is easy access to self parking here if you use the back road of Frank Sinatra Drive and turn into Jay Sarino Ave.  Caesars is also connected to the Caesars Forum shops, the biggest upscale retail in Las Vegas. As for shows, Celine Dion and Elton John have live shows in their big theater and Shania Twain is supposed to come at the end of the year. I also noticed they are building a Nobu Japanese restaurant which should open at the end of the year. . . I enjoyed the customer service from the concierge, casino dealers and even janitors. I highly recommend tourists to browse around this casino if it's their first time, if they do not want to stay here because it is somewhat on the pricer end of the spectrum as, say the Imperial Palace across the street. But definitely a famous hotel and cornerstone on the Las Vegas strip.
Stayed for three nights- great location on the strip, and no resort fees. The Augustus tower was close to the lobby, had a Starbucks next to the elevators, and my room had a view of the Bellagio fountains. Room was clean- two queen beds, a sofa, a desk, and a couple of chairs and a table. Bathroom had two sinks, a TV, separate shower & tub and separate room for the toilet. Housekeeping was quick with all requests.. . Checked in a few hours early but they still managed to find a room for us. There's a bunch of stuff to do in Caesars- numerous restaurants, bars, the Forum Shops and of course the casino. If you do manage to leave the hotel, most everything is within relative walking distance. As much as I like staying in a different hotel each time I visit Vegas, I would definitely consider staying at Caesars again.
I am only reviewing the venue as I didn't actually stay in the hotel.. . I arrived here for the EVO Championship Competition (It's a video-game fighting tournament.) to check out the new games coming out and also to support some of the vendors.. . Casinos and hotels in Vegas are always very luxuriously and decadent and here is no acception. There are amazing paintings on the walls and roofs and giant statues of Greek... people throughout the building. Its bright and left me awestruck (First time visitor) and I was snapping my camera left and right trying to take it all in.. . I don't know how many people on Yelp go to comic book conventions or video-game expos but for those who don't know: There is always a SERIOUS funk in the air. I'm not kidding. A large room with a ton of guys who put their lives in video games and comic books, and not so much into personal hygiene, it's gonna have a musk that could very well bring a tear to your eye. (I'm really being honest and not mean. I promise.) Thankfully, Cesar's Palace has a top notch air conditioning and ventilation system that left everything breezy and light. (Thank you sweet merciful Cesar...). . I don't know if it is just me but the staff here seems a bit intimidating! Maybe because there are more bouncers then anything else. There were a few staff members I interacted with that were very nice and helpful. For the most part though I tried to avoid them.. . Note: Next time I go I want to try this Fat Tuesday place. Everyone was walking around with these amazing looking slushy drinks and I wants one.
Stayed in the Palace tower. Great location. Near the pool and the Forum shops.. The hotel is also in the best location on the strip.. The pools were great and you never have to fear that you will not get a lounge chair.. You must get one of their pool side mojitos - delicious!
I stayed here with a friend for one night.  We had a room with two queen beds on the 26th floor in the Palace Tower. The room was spacious and had a nice view.  The bathroom had a Jacuzzi tub and separate shower,  It was a huge bathroom.  Overall, I thought it was a nice room and would not hesitate to stay in a similar room at Caesar's again.. . The hotel itself is huge.  The guy at the desk said two miles.  With the Shops and all, I can see that.  The good part is that the width takes up at least a block, maybe even two, so we were able to walk through the Forum Shops in air conditioning and thus avoided  the 108 degree heat for part of our walk to the Venetian.
We didn't stay here, but we plan on doing so in the future. It's such a BEAUTIFUL place to visit! We walked through the mall area with all of the statues and it was stunning. The kids loved it!  The ceiling of the mall is a blue sky dotted with clouds and the statues are very well done. We were disappointed that the Caesar's moving statues weren't working. That was a downer :-(. However, everything else was lovely and it's a great place to just go walk around and admire. The casino was fun. We played the Wheel of Fortune slots there and won a bit of money :-) The atmosphere is lively and fun. I hope the hotel rooms are as nice as the casino/mall area because that would make it a prime destination. Great place to just cruise and check out the statues. Just don't be surprised if the moving statues don't work :-(
Great hotel and its location is outstanding. Right in the heart of the strip. They have everything you need here, great places to eat and great shopping where you feel like your in Rome. Casino is huge with many tables so you will not be sitting and waiting. The pool? Well that's the best part. Outstanding pool with hunts you can rent and waiter service to you wherever you are in the pool area. They have a tiki bar also and a private section where you can have a VIP party. The crowd is beautiful here so you can just sit and relax. The rooms were very spacious and priced perfect. the Suites are unreal. Next time I go to Vegas, Ceasars it is. There is not one thing bad to say about this place at all, very classy hotel and priced perfect.
nice sports center.
I was very happy and surprised.. . I read the reviews of the long waits to check in. I tried to this texting sign in and the technology really did not work. So I started frustrated but when I got in there was no wait. I had a friendly person who upgraded me to the 27th floor on the Palace tower one floor away from the suites.. . Second the casino and area is beautiful. I really enjoy the area, the shops and the cleanliness of the place. It feels like it remodelled.. . The service was great. The toilet broke. I think they addressed it right away. I lost my key and they replaced it very quickly. . The staff were just genuinly friendly.. . The price was a little high but Las vegas is just pricey. That is the way it is.. . I did not eat there but I think there are a lot of options. I did have a drink at Shadows. It was really nice.. . I played poker in the poker room. The service was much better than the Flamingo. The only problem they want everyone to play No limit.
Everything you need is here.. . We stayed here on a stagette because the bride has seen "The Hangover" way too many times. Actually, I never asked her why this hotel... but she insisted that we stay here. I am glad she did because it seriously has everything you want... It's smoking hot in August (duh) so being somewhere with a decent nightclub, a bunch of restaurants, shopping, a beautiful pool, a convenience store... seriously, if need be, I wouldn't have had to venture outside.. . We had booked a room in the Forum Tower. When we arrived, they upgraded us to the Palace Tower. Woot woot. Much bigger room with two washrooms. Perfect for three girls. If we were on a higher floor, we would have had a view of the pool. I think I saw the top of Snackus Maximus. I wish we had a fridge for our use since ours was filled to the brim with mini-bar regulars. But we had ice... after getting vodka and mixers from the store in the lobby, we were able to imbibe in the room. . . We spent a lot of time in the room since we spent a lot of time in the hotel. It was just so easy to pop upstairs to grab something or to drop off our shopping before coming back down to play the Big Buck Hunter slots. We wandered to Spago's in the Forum Shops before dancing the night away at Pure. . . Utter convenience.
When it comes to high end casino properties, there is the Cosmopolitan, Venetian, Wynn, and Bellagio. Directly behind that is good ol Caesars Palace. Of the Caesars (formally Harrah's) Entertainment chain of gambling sanctuaries, CP would likely be considered the grand daddy (i.e. flagship) of them all.. . Casino wise, CP has little to frown about. There are thousands of slot machines for grandma pulley and her double player cart inserts and a couple hundred tables for Daddy Warbucks and his love for roulette, pai gow, or BJ ... errr 21. It should be noted that they also feature a table or two for progressive blackjack, Caribbean stud, and even Spanish 21. A rarity indeed for most casinos that don't have these games available during all hours.. . The high limit area is impressive. There are a few dozen high limit slot machines with denominations of $100-500 and a vast staff for private dealers of any mainstream house game. Poker players, there's even rooms for you all as well, and they're quite pretty. No guarantee you'll receive any comps of course, best ride the coat tails of the high limit players.. . TotalRewards has undergone a variety of changes over the last few years. While most Diamond / 7 Star players might not have issues securing amenities at CP, know that point poolers will see a huge drop off comp worthy points. That said, the standards are higher here, so don't be surprised your baller status at nearby Bally's doesn't exactly translate to an instant reservation at Guy Savoy.. . The hungry will never feel that way at CP. From the laughable Augustus Cafe to the various yet random Chinese themed spots to the Mesa Gril, there is no shortage of interesting eateries throughout the resort. Guy Savoy has my allegiance, as does lunches at Bradley Ogden. Old Homestead is a classic steakhouse spot and Hyakumi actually serves a mean plate of raw fish. What I'm really looking forward to is next week's opening of Bacchanal Buffet (500+ items, 17 million to create), which has been rumored to be the next greatest all you can eat venue in the city.. . Shoppers are guaranteed to appreciate CP, after all, it's one of the only properties that can boast something as robust as the Forum Shops - a semi high-end mall of just about anything. It's a tourists haven, but not necessarily a trap. Locals aren't likely to purchase much here since the dollar doesn't go that far, but like all fun shopping - it's fun to look.. . The pools (cheesily named "Garden of the Gods") are actually more decent than they sound and each one has a theme / gimmick. Most of them have cabanas, but beware of paying retail for these (hello comp points!), as there are way better pool cabanas along and beyond the strip. I'm a fan of the Neptune, only because its the most social pool where you can mingle and get your splash / tan on at the same time.. . Beyond the usual amenities, CP boasts the Colosseum, one of the best concert venues in the city. I've seen a lot from Celine to International pop stars do their thing here. It truly is a sight and sound pumping venue to behold. The property also sports one of the largest parking structures on the strip, I've yet to NOT find a space here. If you feel like clubbin and are in an overly pretentious mood, Pure (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pure-las-vegas) might be the place for you. But a word to the wise - bottles are not only expensive here, but the service has been notoriously bad. Pretending you're a celebrity might be a better move than attempting to buy your way in.. . Finally, the onsite amenities are the real draw. People who are complaining of the antiquated cheesy Roman themes are probably staying in the Forum, Roman, or Palace tower. For the complete and modern contemporary version of CP's finest rooms, shoot for the Augustus, even if its a regular room. I promise it's worth it.
I went to Caesars Palace a couple of times while I was in Las Vegas. Caesars Palace has a nice vintage feel. The atmosphere at Caesars Palace was amazing. I did not stay at Caesars Palace but I did most of my gambling at the casino. I also ate at some of the restaurants in Caesars Palace .The staff was very friendly and professional. Caesars Palace has some nice restaurants and shops. I really enjoyed the food and shopping at Caesars Palace.   The gambling was pretty good. I mainly played the roulette at Caesars Palace. The croupier at the roulette table (I think his name was Ernie) was very professional and friendly. He made playing the roulette table enjoyable. I appreciated his great customer service. Caesars Palace was definitely one of my favorite places to go to while I was in Vegas. Caesars Palace is a good place to enjoy the Vegas lifestyle of shopping, restaurants, and gambling.I give Caesars Palace a 4.5 rating!
For my second stay EVER in Vegas, I got to check out Caesars, and overall, I'm pretty impressed. . . I shared a room with another girl in our bachelorette group; between the two of us, we paid $544 for three nights. That's about $181/night. However, when she arrived to check us in, they informed her that they only allow groups of three or more to have rooms with two beds. Apparently, the room we'd booked included one FULL-sized bed. Now, that's not the end of the world, but really, who pays $181/night to share a full bed?! She was able to pay $20 for an upgrade and from then on, everything was awesome.. . We ended up in the Octavius tower, which is the newer one. Our room was HUGE. Two amazing beds, huge bathroom, tons of space. Everything seemed clean and in good condition which is always a plus. The blinds on the (giant) windows were amazing as well - I would up at 8:30am and thought itwas the middle of the night because it was SO dark. Well done, blinds.. . I loved the pool, as well. We had a ton of pools to choose from and that whole area seemed pretty clean, too. The first day we tried for the pool we could only get a few chairs because it was so packed, but the next day was quite a bit easier since we went early. . . I really have no complaints other than the "two beds for 3+ people" thing, because that's pretty annoying. Nothing a crisp $20 bill won't fix, though.
Stayed in the Augustus Tower over Labor Weekend and had a blast.  Caesar's may not have the best bars/lounges on the strip, but the seating is comfortable and they are fairly private.  While I prefer the people watching at Cosmopolitan or Aria, the laid back feel of Caesar's is very much welcomed before or after a night on the town.. . Stay away from the MunchBar, the food isn't good and it isn't priced well either.  Pure is a decent spot.  The patio is huge but there isn't anywhere to sit if you're not popping bottles.  The buffet was still under construction during my stay, but it's supposedly going to be the biggest in LV once it does open.. . My room in the Augustus Tower was great (4284).  Perfect view of the strip and I could watch the water show at the Bellagio unimpeded.  There's even a separate entrance and registration desk for the Augustus Tower that can be accessed on Flamingo.. . The bathroom came equipped with a water closet, television, dual vanities, separate shower, and whirlpool tub.  However, the television in the room was a bit small, 32 in. if I had to guess.  WiFi was not free and cost $14.99/day.  I thought that was kind of lame considering all of the amenities included.. . Having to pay for internet access wouldn't be a big enough deterrent to prevent me from staying here again.And all those shops in the Forum don't hurt either.. . I came, I saw, I conquered...
Gorgeous hotel! The room itself wasn't the nicest (Palace Tower) I've ever stayed at but everything about the hotel was amazing. Great shopping, convienent location, and good casino. We didn't try the food in the hotel so I can't really comment on that but I have no complaints. The inside of the hotel was luxurious and beautiful. Definately will stay at Caesar's again the next time I'm in Vegas!
Sure there's lots of stuff to do inside this enormous casino/mall, but dear God, does that equate to a lot of inconvenient walking when all I wanted to do at the time was check in.  The self-park garage was clear on the other sideof the property from the lobby and check-in took a long time.  But let's be positive for a second, the gentleman helping us check in was very helpful and was able to get my fiance and I in a room down the hall from our friends (until they got another upgrade, more on that later).  I've also heard rumors that Caesar's is the easiest hotel to get lost in, and I'm a believer.. . We stayed in a Roman tower room that was comfortable, but still visually reminded me of a Motel 6.  Our friends upgraded to a room in the Palace tower, complete with enormous tub and bidet.  I'll admit that room was much closer to the 4.5-star standard than ours was.  Wasn't that bad though since we were out most of the night anyway, but didn't feel like a good value.. . If you're more interested in exploring and just need a bed to crash on when it's all over, then you're good - just bring comfortable shoes.
I really enjoy staying at Caesars but I was really disappointed when we arrived this time for a surprise getaway for my moms birthday and our rooms were in separate towers. Then I ended up having to sleep on a rollaway bed because the 2 queen bed rooms that we were told we were getting were actually sold out. . . I've never experienced this type of problem before. They offered to move us to an upgraded suite for the remainder of the stay and even transferred our luggage for us. The rest of the stay was wonderful. We enjoyed a concert and a full day in their amazing spa. We will definitely return sooner than later.
They were shooting an episode of Royal Pains at the crap table while we were here at the 3 card poker table. Decided to play after eating at Bucchanal buffet. The dealer was friendly and so was the other players. Didn't win but still had money when I left.. . Looks like they're doing some remodeling. Never stayed here but they do have a good variety of restaurants.
I was excited to stay at Caesar's because it's an iconic hotel on the strip and the name just flows with classic La's Vegas. Caesar's has been doing a lot of remodeling and acting new towers since it opened in 1966 so it can keep up with the new trends and tough competition ever since Belg and Venetian opened. . . We checked in inside the lobby and was told our room wasn't ready because we arrived before check in, she asked to leave my cell number and would contact me when it was ready. Our bags were already checked in with the bellman, so we decided to do take a look around the casino and play some of the slots, it looked a bit rundown in some parts and had low ceilings in the older parts of the casino. We got a text telling us the room was ready so we went back to the huge front desk area to pick up our keys and were sent to the Centurion built in 1970, when we got to out room the smell of smoke was too strong and the room looked very rundown and not up to date like all the other modernize casinos. We went back down and complained and she upgraded us with no charge to the Palace Tower built in 1996. The room was remodeled and everything was modernized like the flat screen TV, marble entry, bathrooms and one of the softest beds I have ever slept on and the customer service to me was average compared to Bellagio and Wynn.. . Caesar's Place is just like MGM GRAND, HUGE HUGE!!! You can get lost just walking around if you don't know know where to go, and the time it takes to go out to the strip from your room is about 20 minutes about the same as MGM. The good thing about Caesar's Palace is the Forum Shops being attached to the casino and the variety of restaurants with the Cypress Food Court, mid range to 5 star restaurants located all around the property gives you a lot of dining choices. You are also center strip so across is Bellagio and Flamingo and not too far from the Wynn and Fashion Show Mall. . . We really did enjoy our stay despite the room fiasco but it was resolved quickly and Caesar's Palace is not cheap despite being center strip, the rooms can be very pricey unless you have a room discount or comp from Total Rewards Casino VIP. You are basically paying more for the Caesar's name and location just like you would at Bellagio but I'd rather stay at Bellagio because the service is way better and more upscale in my opinion.
I admit that I am pretty amazed that Caesar's remains one of the few old school casinos to still remain on the strip.  They have not only just survived, but managed to be one of the top casinos that people frequent.  With some of the best restaurants on the Strip, they have proven their prowess in more than just catering to the gambling crowd.  Sadly, I don't see some of the spectacles they used to have like Evil Kneivel jumping over the fountains in his motorcycle.  But it still remains one of my favorite go-to casinos.
i did splurge & get a room here.  beautiful property all around.  big, lots of walking involved, but i quickly learned shortcuts to my destinations.  big beautiful rooms w/pimpin' bathrooms & showers .  super-comfy beds.  i didn't dine here or play table games here this trip .  unlike Aria, this classy joint has soul.  they have a Nobu too
I went here to go to the buffet and play some machines. The layout has been the same since I was a kid and they've kept up the place pretty well.. . The only negative was the wierd forum valet which had 1 attendant.
Recently stayed at Caesar's for two nights (Monday-Tuesday) in a king room in the Forum Tower.. . Though the hotel is insanely big and like a maze designed to lose you in the casino, the room and service were great.. . We had a king sized room in the Forum Tower, everything was new, well-designed, and the bathroom was amazing (hello Porno shower with multi-shower heads!). . . Any questions I needed from the front desk were promptly and politely answered on the room phone / in person.. . I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 though because the ding dongs who work at the pool aren't particularly helpful with getting pool chairs set up, etc. Just because most of the pools are closed doesn't mean you don't have to do your job...Also, the electronics in the room were utter crap. The TV was a flat screen with pixels as big as my thumb nail, and to charge $12 to use the coffee machine is offensive. Other than that, the place was pretty swell.
Nice rooms! Great service!
I had a wonderful, lovely time staying in the Augustus Tower. There was a nice bedroom with comfortable king-size bed, an adjourning bathroom with vanity table, bathtub, and shower, and a large living room area. It was so spacious, comfortable, and luxurious to have so much room and it was decorated so nicely. I was really happy with our room. It made me want to just lounge inside. . . The only reason I'm not giving Caesar's another star is, it was incredibly difficult to get the free slotplay advertised. First, I signed up for Total Rewards and was told when I checked-in at the front desk to ask for the required $10 coupon. At the front desk, I was told they had run out of coupons and didn't know when they would get another shipment in. . . After I checked out, I went to Total Rewards and told them the front desk had run out  of coupons and could they just look me up in the system. The Total Rewards person told me I had to be still checked in to get the free slotplay. In the end, I didn't get it. I was given the run-around.. . At least our room was lovely!
Over the top and gigantic.  We enjoyed that you could find some quite spots in random lobbies, or outside by the fountains, etc.. . If you are looking for cheap amazing drinks, look out infront of Caesars where there is a little Mojito stand.  The pineapple mojito was amazing and the employee was very kind to make it the way I want it.
Even after all theses years its still pretty good, my wife really appreciated the giant naked man statues.  Me less so.
Overall Caesars is alright. It's the size of a city block and easy to get lost inside, especially since the Buffet isn't marked on any of the signs! I need Bacchanal, alright? . . I have stayed in the rooms, thanks to HotelTonight (amazing app!) for only $54. Now, the rooms themselves I would give 3 stars. The average room for the average person is simply average. I'm sure that the highroller Hangover suites are incredible, but the beds, shower, and cleanliness isn't much more than I'd expect from a roadside Comfort Inn. It was a flophouse for the evening so I didn't much care, but it's not the cream of the crop that I expected.. . Some real winners dining-wise as well, as well as a great set of shops.Kiehl's, yes please! Also, anybody who has Elton John music playing in their elevator gets super brownie points in my book, much less a concert series.. . Veni, Vidi, and not yet Vici, but someday, yes, someday.
Surprised the suites are not nicer. I paid for a deluxe tower room at maniacally and it was a nicer room and not a suite. Sort of odd. But location and price were good. No complaints just nothing to rave about
Had a great room! Nice facilities.
Overall very high marks and certainly better in quality of rooms and service than Harrahs' (BY FAR), Paris (service issues), and Plane Hollywood (rooms and hallways are too dark and the layout is more convoluted). Stayed in the Augustus Tower in a luxury king - great room and great bathroom with large jacuzzi tub with a mini tv.  Marble floors!  Even the staff - asking if I was enjoying myself and what, if anything they could to - very nice touch. . . The main issue - walls are thin enough that you hear people closing doors esp if they let them close naturally (tension arm). And for the rare instances when you're recovering in your room and NEED that sleep - well, that part really bites. . . Overall Caesars rocks and already planning a return and dreaming of Qua spa...(see my related review on that!)
Stayed at Forum Tower for 1 night. The bed was great and the bathroom was great. I like the shower place and how it was designed. The service was great. They bring our request stuffs as soon as possible. But, just that the check in time was late, so we have to wait in the lobby where there's no chairs to seat on...and I wish they have free wifi in the room
After seeing the movie "The Hangover" I must admit I always wondered what it'd be like to stay here.  Then, coincidentally I had a work trip which required us to stay at Caesar's since this is where the trade-show was held.  . . B-E-A-UTIFUL.  As gaudy as it gets, very roman, very big ... just amazing.  A room for just myself was as large as the first floor of my townhouse which means it was pretty damn big.  King size bed, fit for .... a LOT of people.  Huge huge hugeeeeeeeeee bathroom.  I could have had a dance party in my bathroom screw the rest of the room.  The place is was just so big, that it may have overwhelmed me and I didn't request any sort of special room.. . If you're attending a tradeshow here or planning to do a lot of walking around Vegas etc.  make sure you bring comfortable shoes.  Marble floors and heels all day will leave you hurtin for an entire week once you're home.. . The little coffee places they have around - great coffeeeeeee! Therefore, you must stop for a pastry and a coffee before doing anything else.. . Casinos. Well, I'm not a gambler but theres plenty to do.  I rather window shop at the inside shopping mall.... Dolce and Gabbana, Louis Vitton, Jimmy Choo, Hearts on Fire, you know, the finer things in life that I cant afford? :)
Last March, we celebrated my friend's birthday and with the help of our two VIP friends, we got two comped rooms. I had stayed at Caesar's with my family previously and hadn't enjoyed our accommodations as the rooms were small and dark, so my expectations were low.. . However, my friends had gotten two rooms in the Octavius Tower and I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the rooms were. Even though there was only one bed in one of our rooms, we had plenty of room and there was more than enough space for 4 people (eight total).. . Caesar's is one of my favorite hotels on the strip because I love the location, theme, and design. However, I do have some complaints. Even though the rooms in the Octavius Towers are nice, the walk to and from the casino and lobby was tortuous; almost never-ending at times. And you know after a long night of clubbing in heels, girls just want to get back up to the room as quickly as possible.. . Another thing is the only 24-hour cafe in the entire hotel happens to be one of the most expensive and with a very limited menu. Maybe I've grown accustomed to the vast menus in cafes at Mandalay Bay, Wynn, and Bellagio, but I would've appreciated a more diverse menu with more options.
The four stars really was for the Deluxe Pet Stay Room on a non-pet floor.  . . Arrived in Ceasars for our Holiday in Vegas (familly for Xmas) with Apricot the fluffy white dog in tow.  It has the most complicated Valet parking with its winding road to the self-parking and separate Valet for the Colosseum (theater).  We were redirected to the Main Entrance where they mentioned that it might be difficult to get valet parking because it was busy unless you were Diamond or Seven Stars member of the Total Rewards program.. . Somehow with Apricot, we get good vibes.  Waited in line for the valet, mentioned we were checking in and was given the parking ticket for the valet and off we went to go check in.  At Check-in, we were told that 45 min wait for our room (pet stay deluxe) but the Front Desk saw Apricot and wham, she tried her best to find us a room quick.  . . The room itself is one of the rehabbed rooms in the Augustus tower (which is the only tower that will accept pets).  It has a separate entrance for the Augustus and Octavius towers but again only for Diamond and Seven Stars.  We had a wonderful room with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  The room was spacious and as I mentioned remodeled so it was a nice shower and jacuzzi tub with all the modern amenities including robes.. . For the most part Ceasars is one of the higher end Harrah properties on the strip but it's also showing it's age.  There is a mix of old and new.  Gambling is a bit pricey since minimum on the game tables are $15 or $20.  This are the minimums I find in the newer places like Cosmopolitan or Aria which are definitely more modern and high end.. . The food choices are plentiful but again it's showing its age.  There is supposed to be a new NOBU hotel within Ceasars soon which will be higher end.. . Considering the room was comped.  I was happy with more money to gamble with.
I have been to Vegas many times and have always wanted to stay at classic Ceasars Palace. However, it has forever been out of my price range. This past weekend my friends and I scored a great deal and had the pleasure of staying at Ceasars.  We checked in and a room wasn't ready in Forum tower where we booked, so we were upgraded to the Palace Tower. Our room was very nice, spacious and I loved the double sinks in the bathroom and the extra vanity in the room. It made getting ready soo easy! (3 girls in the room). . . The decor is calming and nice and the beds were very comfortable. The great thing about Ceasars is that there is SOO much to do in the hotel, you really don't have to leave. Many restaurants, a food court for casual dining, nightlife,(Pure/Shadow) shopping and other random gems like salons,etc. The staff was always more than accommodating... the valet, bell hops and housekeeping staff were extremely friendly. Whenever I called the front desk I was asked how I was enjoying my stay every time.  . . There was one major con... we ordered room service it was at 3am, so I will give the hotel the benefit of the doubt. The chicken wings were fine, the nachos were okay, but the chicken soup was disgusting. The broth was just water and they used fettuccine noodles!! My soup was packed with gross noodles, broiled unseasoned chicken and water broth and my friends was all broth (better seasoned) , barely any noodles and no chicken. I was horrified...I couldn't eat it. I was going to send it back, but my friend ate both soups (she must have been very hungry). For the exorbitant price of room service I was appalled, I would have been much happier had they just opened a can of Campbell's. . . Room service aside, the stay was pleasurable and I would recommend Ceasars to a friend.
I had visited Caesars a few times these past few years for the forum shops (and Fat Tuesdays hehe).  This past weekend was my first time actually staying here as a guest, and I was really impressed.  The room was booked for the Roman tower through expedia, but after reading some yelp reviews about how old and tiny the rooms there are, an upgrade was pretty much going to be necessary.  We finally arrived in Vegas around 6 pm on a Friday, and I was a bit worried they wouldn't have open upgrades available.  Slipped a 20 sandy over and the nice gentleman at the front desk gave us a great complementary upgrade.  Our whole stay there was very pleasant, and all the workers were more than accommodating: spacious bathroom with a jacuzzi and his/her sinks, a vanity table with good lighting, lots of closet space. Caesars has a great location for clubbing, and it's really cheap to taxi to all the good clubs.  (I don't care of XS is practically across the street; that's still unnecessary pain to trek over in heels.)  Anyways, for the daytime, there's a lot of good food and shopping options inside: the buffet, Mesa Grill, Spago, Fat Tuesdays, and most designer stores.. . While it still isn't my ultimate favorite place to stay on the Strip, I will definitely return if the price was right.
I've been writing too many reviews about ... F O O D !. . As a frequent participant in Vegas " staycations" , it's time for me to branch out on my reviews and comment on the local hotels.  Since I'm a semi-degenerate gambler, i tend to focus on the best bang for my buck.  I feel the Caesar/Harrah's reward program works best for me.. . The hub of the Caesar's / Harrah's Hotel/casino's ?  Well, of course - Caesar's !!. . Likes - room variety - I'm kinda partial to the Palace tower and the Augustus tower.  The palace tower is the only time i've had a room in America with a bidet ( yet, i didn't try using it ! )  I've only stayed in the Octavious tower once - very similar to the Augustus.. . Restaurants - between the hotel and the mall, so many restaurants that are decent to down right excellent, but of course, they ain't cheap.  And of course, the buffet has definitely stepped up it's game !  And as i've recently reported, the food court is above average, price-y but what do you expect at Caesar's.  I need to try the new Ramsay pub - based on Yelp reviews, I'm in for a treat !. . Casino - I admit it, i like the fact that it's, "old - school " - my guess is the average age of the dealers is 50.  At times, the craps dealers are slow moving which disrupts the flow but i like the old fart's so i tolerate it.  I think the gaming machines are limited but i'm about the craps anyways.. . The pool - i've probably stayed at Caesar's at least 20 times and i've yet to USE THE POOL.  I've seen it, looks great.  My friends/family love it so i trust their judgment.. . Comps/rewards card - They send me frequent freebies - i especially like the contests - bingo, slots, poker etc - I've yet to win big but i've been close.  I like the year end shopping extravaganza - perfect timing for getting Christmas gifts for friends/family.. . Bonus points - priority check in and valet and i get to cut in line at the buffet given diamond card status and i get free tickets for the "B" shows every month.. . Cesar's is by far my fav strip casino !
who i going to complain about the decor at this place? great cocktail waitress, higher payout in little time. just wish they had more cocktail waitress near the slots. seem like you have to play table games to get a drink
Caesar's is a great hotel on the strip.  Restaurants ranging from simple to elegant, bars, great shops, and anything your little Vegas heart may desire.   Why would anyone skip out on stopping into Caesars when they are in Vegas?  I am not a huge Celine Dion fan but I was brought to her show on my last trip and I had a blast.    Caesars is a great place to be a part of Vegas.
I think my sister and I have shown our parents another side of Vegas to make them want to come back for a second time within a year :). . My PG trip with my parents was still amazing!  We booked a package deal where we got Celine Dion tickets which also included our hotel stay at the Caesar's Palace.  There was a minor difference in price between the two hotel rooms that we booked, but they upgraded us to the Octavius rooms (which are newer) from the Augustus Towers.  . . Some reasons why our Caesar's Palace stay was awesome:. . (1) Octavius tower rooms are luxurious!  Although the Octavius towers are smaller than the Augustus Towers, there is more of a sense of luxury and peacefulness once you enter the Octavius tower rooms.  . . (2) Huge variety of slot machines here! Which means hours of fun for me :). . (3) Not only that, but Caesar's palace has so many restaurants to choose from, which makes it very convenient for my very particular parents.  . . (4) The location of Caesar's Palace places you right in the middle of the strip and easy to get to where you need to go.. . (5) Caesar's palace houses the Celine Dion concert.  One of THE best concerts I have ever seen and one of the best shows in Vegas.  Her voice is amazing and she is still breathtakingly glamorous.. . (6) Caesar's Palace Forum Shops are right downstairs.  Tired of gambling?  Or, have you won big?  There are tons of stores here for you to shop at your heart's content.. . (7) Most importantly!  The Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars is AMAZING!!! It is my new favorite buffet in Vegas!  Stay tuned for my buffet review! :). . Only reason why this place is not getting 5 stars is because the lines when you check in to the rooms are EXTREMELY, PAINFULLY slow.  I wish they had a better/more efficient way to get their guests in and forward them on to where they need to go.  Places such as Aria make check-in/out seamless and Caesar's needs to catch up!. . OVERALL:. I'd come back again and stay at Caesar's.  Great rooms, great entertainment, and great buffet. What's not to love? :)
Caesars has a lot of good things going for them, including good restaurants inside the casino and forum shops!. . Tons of places to get a drink, including a few clubs and lounges.  Haven't gambled here yet, so can't really talk much about that.. . Since there is so much to see and do here, it is almost necessary for you to come down and take a look at it for yourself :)
A really nice place for a convention.  Clean and lots of room.  Good catered food even for large groups.
Have never stayed in the hotel, but the casino is large.  The sports book is probably one of the biggest is Vegas.  Good screens.  One of the few places that have a good Keno section.  . . Restaurant selection is decent, but for the stature of the property should have more.  Mesa Grill is good, yet last visit was average.. . Have never shopped inside the resort where it's mostly lesser known upscale, but the Caesar Forum Shops are wicked.  Almost every store wanted is located here.. . Probably the most famous Vegas resort, so always worth the visit.
This is a true 3.5 considering it is in Vegas. If it was not a Vegas hotel it would be a solid 5 stars but given the newer hotels that have gone up in Vegas, the competition is stiff. Caesars is an older spot that lacks some of the decor and nightlife that the other spots have to offer. Caesars caters to an older crowd nowadays, which I can understand because for those who were frequenting vegas 15 years ago, CP was the place to stay. But don't worry, for the young folk there is plenty to do. . . Caesars is a great place to stay if you get an upgraded room. The standard rooms are just any standard hotel room but the upgraded rooms are nice and comfy with a spacious bathroom, vanity, and jacuzzi. Comfy, clean, and spacious. Wi-Fi is not included. . . The lago buffet has been replaced by bachannal, which is supposedly one of the best buffets in vegas right now. Although my favorite places to stay in vegas are the palazzo and the wynn/encore, Caesars is a great place to stay if you dont mind being away from the hot night life spots. There are the forum shops (which I LOVE), many lounges, great restaurant options, and of course the best spa in vegas QUA (45$ day pass). They also have a nice pool which is heated to 86 degrees in the winter. The casino is not myfavorite but it has every slot/table you would expect. They have a Pussycat lounge blackjack table area with live girls dancing. It is an awkward setting but definitely entertaining. The nightlife here is definitely not trendy or the hot place to be right now. They have many lounges and their big club is Pure, which has definitely fallen off.
Mother of god, this is a massive casino.....the scope and scale just sort of boggles the mind.
I have been to vegas three times this year. Twice i have stayed at Caesars during business trips. I loved this hotel. I have stayed at many of the Las Vegas places but i did like this place. My room was in one of the new towers and it was so nice. I have many fav hotels and places i love to eat. I will be writing more reviews. This is worth a stay, o and go to Pure. Fun Fun Fun.. . Stayed July 2011
I love this hotel for the great buffet it has! . . Also, we were there to see Sandy Lam at the Colosseum so it was pretty convenient for us to stay here and head downstairs to catch the concert.. . We got two queen-sized beds on the 13th floor. The place was clean and I have no complaints. I especially love the bathroom! There were two sinks (thank goodness, since there was three of us), a TV so I can brush and watch at the same time, a glorious bathtub with a shower head, and a shower with not just one shower head but TWO medium pressure sprays right below (it was a massage in a shower!). . I would book a room again just so I can enjoy another nice, relaxing shower :)
Great rooms, jacuzzi tubs, and awesome service make this one of my favorite hotels on The Strip.  As much as I love walking down Las Vegas Blvd, there's really very little reason to leave Caesars.  Great restaurants by Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsay, an awesome mall at the Forum Shops, and incredible shows and performers make this an easy choice when looking for a place to stay.
We actually stayed at Caesar's this time, so this is a review of the Hotel. They are rather large and it takes forever to get anywhere, but the room itself was great. We'd booked in the Augustus tower and they ended up upgrading us to a suite in the Palace tower. First complaint was that the guy checking us in didn't bother to tell us that we were in a different tower or that we'd been upgraded, so we ended up going back thru the line to get our questions answered.. . The room was spectacular even though it was way more than we expected. Two-person jacuzzi, his and hers bathrooms. King size bed and 3 different toilet areas. The TV's in the room were way too small and the remotes didn't work very well. . . I tipped the maid after the first night and apparently that wasn't up to par as she didn't refill the coffee or do much on the 2nd day. . . All in all it was a good stay.
After all the years of coming to Vegas and for one reason or another ending up at Caesars, we finally just decided to stay here.  Caesars is kind of the center of the Vegas universe.  They get big names at the Colosseum (ok, Celine Dion and Shania Twain, doesn't thrill me, but they seem to pack them in), they have the forum shops (high end mall), a high end spa (Qua), top notch restaurants  and I suppose you can gamble here too :)  Caesars is the kind of place you can walk in one day and not leave until 3 days later.  That is good and bad.  It has it all, but it is also incredibly large, with a complex floor plan and it takes a lot of hoofing it to get from one end to the other.  . . Now, one of the reasons we picked Caesars this time is they didn't have resort fees.  I, like everyone else, detest the useless resort fees that Vegas has begun shoving down our throats.  Caesars didn't used to charge them, however I heard as of 3/1/13 they will be charging away - so be forewarned!  . . We had planned to do the spa and had heard the Augustus Tower was the the newer of the buildings and the spa is in the same tower so we thought we were being smart by booking a deluxe room there. Plus it has it's own check in desk so you don't have to wait in those long lines at the main reception area.  At any rate, they decided to upgrade us (yay!), however we got put in the Palace Tower.  Now we had the single nicest room I have ever stayed at in Vegas, but the PT is SO far from everything I wished I had brought more comfy shoes.  . . The Palace Tower suite (2802) we got was on one of the Penthouse floors. The bank of elevators were way out of the way so they weren't busy and you had added security of needing a key to get to the floor.  The suite itself had 3 full bathrooms w/tvs (which was totally excessive), wet bar, desk, sitting area with TV, dining room, a bed room with a King size bed, a couple of arm chairs, another TV and then of course the double closets, jacuzzi spa and 2 person shower.  It was insane!  I mean, incredibly nice! The only complaint (other than the walk) was that there was zero view.  We basically could see other Caesars Towers (this isn't that big of a deal though).  . . I would definitely stay at Caesars again. It has it all!
Stayed here for my bachelor party. The hotel was great, there were no issues at all. At check in I attempted the "secret sandwich," which scored us a room with two bathrooms and a great view of the pool. Customer service was great all throughout the hotel. We requested extra towels, and they were immediately brought to us. Gambling is okay here, but be advised table minimals are a little higher than other casinos. Still, a great place to stay and gamble. I would also definitely join Total Rewards while you are there.
I have nothing but GREAT things to say about Caesars. Yes, it is a huge, expansive property. But it has everything!!! . . I have been to Vegas many times, typically I don't spend much on the room because it Vegas!!! Go out and do something!!! We were at Caesars for a convention and I wanted a room with a view. My original room was in the Palace Tower, did the $20 trick and was upgraded to Augustus Tower with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, Paris area. Best view I've had anywhere. Room was king bed, tons of space, jacuzzi tub for one, separate shower, flat panel tv you could see from the jacuzzi........totally sweet room, clean, classy, spacious. HIGHLY recommend the Augustus tower with a view. . . Although I donated my share of monies in the casino, there was a great selection of games, tables (although mins were higher than your average place) and bars. Drink service was outstanding wherever we were at in the casino or in a lounge. I'm not a nightclub person, although we did go to Pure one evening. Seemed nice, not my scene.....I'm more of a lounge person. . . Checkout first thing n the morning was a bit long, but it moved pretty fast, as did check in. I would stay again in a heartbeat!
Still one of the best hotels and casinos in Las Vegas.  Can anyone imagine the Las Vegas strip without Caesars?  If you go to the other casinos out here, there's a little of Caesars that has been adopted into their casinos.  Just a bunch of biters out there. . . I don't get to Caesars too often anymore since I now live here, but was a regular when I wasn't local.  I love how Caesars didn't sell out with its looks, feel, and ambiance.  I still like the modern casinos that were built in the last 10 years, but Caesars is a staple in Las Vegas.  Overall, they can't be touched. . . The only reason I would visit Caesars now is for the Forum Shops.  The Forum has stores within everyone's price range.  It's also a good break from the heat and gambling.  . . Parking is easy at Caesars.  You can self park or valet to their Forum Shops or Casino.  I still prefer to valet when I visit Caesars.  I don't gamble much, but the gaming is still live with a lot of action on the weekends.  There's still ton of eats, shopping, and sightseeing in Caesars.  If you've done Caesars, you know what I'm talking about.  If you haven't, then it's time for you to pay a visit.. . PS: Caesar never lived here. I didn't think so either.
Stephy Anne and I stayed here for her birthday. We loved the room (we upgraded it twice and ended up with a very nice one!!) and the service was as you would expect. Nobody is noticeably nice nor are they noticeably rude. It's Vegas. It's all about how much money you are spending, right? The bar in the main lobby was my favorite part, as our bartender was awesome and very cool. The casino was a casino. They are pretty much all the same on the strip. The room was cleaned every day and always looked very nice, and the cleaning staff even organized our toiletries we had on the bathroom counter so that they looked very nice. It was an impressive experience and I would stay with them again. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because Stephy Anne bought a Coach umbrella and had it in her suitcase the day before we left and when we got home we discovered it had been stolen. There is no doubt that we had it packed. We went over that room several times, even under the bed, before we left and we had everything packed. That sucked. It made a 5 star stay into a 4 star, but 4 stars ain't bad!!
I haven't stayed at Caesar's Palace so cannot really rate their rooms but I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the fact that they have so many slot machines! My favorite is wheel of fortune slots and I can find plenty here at Caesars Palace. :D. . I also love how they have bunch of boutique stores! Nice break from gambling splurge and drop all your winnings! And last but not lease, the newest buffet on the strip, Bacchanal buffet! Haven't tried it myself but heard pretty good things about it, so excited to try it on my next vegas trip!
Great venue. Excellent rooms. $50 hamburgers (yes, shocking). Good spot to sleep but less marble and better wifi would be great.
I really like this hotel. We have stayed in regular rooms and in suites. They have a special VIP private dining room is perk I quite enjoy because not all the hotels have one. . . I have to mention...I lost my phone upon checking in...it was late and we had been driving for a while. I thought for sure it was gone, but when I checked with security the next day, I was informed that an employee found it and turned it in. THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! . . That experience...mixed with their killer pool, make me a fan who would return and has!
This is a must see place! Finally, it's almost where it should be! New restaurants, must love the new Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill, Nobu is a genius addition to the palace as well! Is hosting some of the best shows in town, my old time favorite, Absinthe, a combination of Cirque de Soleil, comedy and burlesque ! Shania! I was so excited to have the privilege of seeing her firs show here! And now apparently Brittney Spears is going to be there... I don't know about that one, I mean Ceasars is know for real artists performing there.... I would give a 5 star, but the cigarette smoke and the cold AC during the summer really not very attractive, nor healthy . Good luck!
Walking around here is a bit annoying; the place is massive. It is a long walk through the casino from self parking to the Roman towers for example - all indoors though. Parking is free. The property was insanely busy with people walking through it to get to other parts of the strip, gamble, go to one of the bars or restaurants, or just look around. It all was very nice and clean though which for the level of foot traffic was impressive. . . The pools are for hotel guests only (there is an attendant to check key cards). There are many pools to choose from though they all resemble a Greek style design. The lounge chairs are rather comfortable and do not need to be reserved. The thicker cushioned lounges ($300) and of course the cabanas need to be reserved ahead of time. The Garden of the Gods pool closes at 6p Saturday and the others an hour later which I just can't understand. All in all a very enjoyable complex. . . Room 780 in Romans tower was traditional, but massive! There was a couch and two chairs making up a seating area - albeit around an outdated disappointing in cabinet television. The bathroom was large as well with a toilet and bidet separated into another room. The main door to 780 was behind another door off the hallway. The keycard was required for both doors. Next to the internal door was a door to another room - I am guessing for adjoining purposes.. . The shops were really cool. The ceiling looks like sky and all the buildings have their own roofs which make for a good "skyline." The center area kind of reminded me of St Peters Square with all the figures around it.
Back in the day, this was the greatest hotel in Las Vegas.  Not anymore, but it's still very good.  The whole Caesars/Harrahs corporate marriage has reduced the quality of every property in their empire, and this one is certainly less of a Palace than it used to be.  . . Very few high rollers in the casino, lots of empty pits that I never saw open, penny slots everywhere, the gambling greatness has obviously gone elsewhere in Vegas.. . My room was in the Forum Tower and was quite nice.  Large, contemporary, comfortable.  And I didn't even ask for an upgrade. The only thing to be aware of is that the marble shower, which is huge and featured a seat built into it, leaked to the bathroom floor and left water on the floor, even with a bathmat.  The floor is marble as well, so it got a little slippery, so be careful.  But if, heaven forbid, you should fall in the bathroom, there is a phone in there and a TV built into the mirror, which was very cool.. . Everything in this place is expensive, dare I say overpriced. I had a package delivered from the Business Center and got charged $5.00.  I asked for an hour later checkout and got charged for that too.  They have Keurig coffee brewers in the room, but the coffee pods are $12.00 for two, with condiments that barely would be enough for one cup.  And oh yeah, there were no coffee cups in the coffee kit or the room.  . . In addition, the hotel is HUGE, and it is a long walk from the front entrance to any room tower, the restaurants (pricey) or anywhere else on the property.  This is one place where paying the bellman a tip to get your bags to your room is a good investment so you don't have to drag them all over theplace yourself. On a related note, lines at check out time can be long, so you might want to use the under publicized express checkout on your TV to avoid the lines.  When you check out that way, you get your receipt sent to you via e mail before you get to the lobby.  Pretty sweet. . . One thing that has not changed from the formerly perfect Caesars was the service.  From the people at the front desk and beyond, the service and friendliness of everyone I came into contact with was truly exceptional.  At least the new corporate structure hasn't messed that up.  . . There's still something special about Caesars Palace.  It's a Vegas institution, even though it's lost a bit of its luster to some of the newer and more luxurious properties in town.
7 Stars and Diamond Lounge located near the Augustus Tower. The Forum Tower is located near the food court. This is the place I stay when visiting Vegas.
I am a sucker for themed hotels, however, in addition to come to the hotel to look at the detail, I like the Forum shops. It's the closet thing to the mall that you will get on the strip, at inflated prices. Personally other than FAO I've never actually bought anything, just browsed. It is a good way to kill time, look at expensive stores and admire the decor inside the mall. For the most part, the store are no different than the ones we have in Vancouver. I enjoy the feeling that you're outside instead of in a mall (faux cloud roof). It is actually a big mall worth checking out, just not strip shops.
Last year I stayed in Caesars Palace several times.. . My flight got into town earlier than check-in and the clerk was nice enough to find me a room that was available and it was pretty nice and I enjoyed staying in that room.. . If you never been to Caesars you are in for a treat. There are shops and places to eat galore and of course gambling. I think I am the only person who has gone to Vegas didn't gamble but still came back with more money than I came with. That's because I found a quarter in the casino. lol. . On my next stay at Caesars, I stayed in a room that was EXTREMELY close to the club which was not good and it was older than the prior room I stayed in. Will I go back to Vegas probably will I return to Caesars probably but will I stay there, I have no idea.
Had a great weekend here for buddy's golf!  We had a great room in the Augustus tower on the 42nd floor overlooking the Bellagio fountain.  Morning and night I could never get tired of the view!  This Casino is very well situated on the center of the strip.  Over the week we had some good meals at the restaurants and enjoyed walking through the forum shops.  Nobu is crazy over priced, Gordon Ramsay was quite good but very expensive also!  After rounds of golf we really enjoyed the Qua spa's especially a massage after being out in the near 100F Nevada sun!  Didn't do much gaming but there is always lots of options.  There are so many hotel choices in Vegas but you shouldn't be disappointed with CP!  Only complaint was that on the Friday and Saturday the Casino was quite smoky!  I wonder if LV Casinos will ever ban indoor smoking!
Stayed in the Augustis tower and it was beautiful. Nice view of the Bellagio. . . This is really a Resort!! Theres so much to do!. . id stay again if the rate was nice.
This hotel is MASSIVE!! you can literally get lost. SO many towers in different locations. So far ive stayed in the Augustis tower, which is beautiful... and the forum tower. The Forum tower has remodled rooms, but is dissapointing after the Augustis tower guest room, which has a seperate valet.. . Caesars Palace offers THE BEST shopping in VEGAS! The Forum SHOPS ARE AMAZING!!!! Every store you can think of, for every budget. Versace store is bomb.com! ALWAYS my first stop at Caesars.  The casino itself is large, but not for gamblers. Too many distractions. . Service at the front desk is Usually Very good.. . BUT, the MAIN Valet is HORRRIBLLEE!! =[ it WILL take you 25-30 minutes to bring your car out of valet.. . I recommend using the Forum Valet behind the main entrance. Fast and Efficient. . I will not give 5 stars, untill ALL the guest towers have a remodel. The Roman tower is still ghetto.
Loved my room, huge, bathroom was ridiculous. I would totally stay here again. Overlooked the pool, my only complaint was when I tried napping in the afternoon to rest up to go back out, the music from the pool was so LOUD that you could hear it in the rooms. Otherwise, great experience with checking in and the room being ready when we arrived. Cleaning crew did a good job. Beds were very comfortable.
Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.. . This is a classic Vegas hotel. Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.. . The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.. Great service.. . From time to time, you'll see Caesar and Cleopatra roaming in the hotel with guards.. . Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.. I like staying here.
Holy beautiful! I suppose this review isn't quite fair, because I didn't stay there, nor did I spend any real time here...we simply tried to find Pete Rose to get an autograph. Pete Rose doesn't sign here anymore, but the scenery is absolutely breathtaking. The sculptures, the carvings, the art - all spectacular! The ceiling is phenomenal!...puts the  Paris' to shame!
Totally loved Caesars!!  The casino is clean and well laid out.  It is so huge and seems to go on forever, but it's seriously hours of entertainment.  We loved exploring all of the shops and drooling over all the high-end merchandise.  The sky ceiling is beautiful and makes you feel like you are in Italy walking down the street.  There are a TON of restaurants in the casino and you will definitely have more than enough choices if you stay here!
My second time in Las Vegas, my boyfriend and I stayed at Caesars. What a great choice. We originally booked the room through hotels.com, one of the rooms in the FORUM tower (one of many at Caesars). The rooms in FORUM tower are recently renovated with updated furniture and it looked very nice. Upon arrival, we realized that the rooms in FORUM tower don't have a bathtub, (which was a big deal for us) so when we checked in, we asked for an upgrade to a room that had a bathtub. There was a small extra fee per night but it was definitely cheaper than paying the regular rate for the room we were upgraded to : AUGUSTUS tower. . . Our room was very spacious (probably bigger than my old apartment) with a very comfortable king size bed, sitting area with sofa, dining area, a HUGE bathroom with  a bathtub and glass door shower with the toilet in a separate room. This particular room had the view of the strip and the pools at Caesars. We totally lucked out.. . It is a HUGE hotel/resort so it's very important to know exactly which tower and which casino you're in so you can find your way back after a few drinks. They have great restaurants : MESA grill by Bobby Flay, the Buchanal buffet (50 dollars but totally worth it) and others. . . Their pools are more mellow than most pools at other hotels, it's more of a relax and sip drinks kind of atmosphere, not let's have a huge party with 1000 people and a dj. . . The only downside to this great place was that there was a fee for everything. Like, if you even moved an item (even if you were to put it right back) in the bar fridge in the room, they will charge you. There will also be a charge upon checking out for resort fees and pool fees. Nothing too outrageous but no one ever wants to pay anything extra at the end. . . Overall, my experience was just fantastic and I would definitely stay at Caesars again.
Its tradition that my mom and dad go to Vegas every 6 months to splurge...and just so happens to drag my me with them. With foreign parents, its often difficult for them to communicate to the English Speaking people of "Las Vegas". Guess who serves as the translator?  So, I'll share my insights. They have something called "Diamond in a Day" where if you accumulate around 5,000 tier credit points you get the Diamond Card. Now this is awesome if your cranky and don't want to wait for the taxi or buffet line at the resort (perks of diamond). Its also handy if for some odd reason, such as  you get a hangover and forget your in Vegas and have an insatiable craving to work out, you can get into the Fitness Gym for free (Which is awesome). . Now for the room, we always stay in the Octavius Tower, mind you, is Awesome! The beds are extremely comfy, decor top notch, and you get a nice view of the pool downstairs. I hear the price of the room in Octavius is pretty pricey, but we always get COMPED. . . Other than getting drunk and wasted at the many bars, what else can you do?. The Pools, they have 7 pools which are open during the summer and 1 pool that's open year round. Its Awesome, the water is crystal blue complemented with the authentic roman floor decor and surrounding statues make you really believe that your in ancient Rome. Its a nice temporary escape from the fact that you just lost thousands in the casino. They have nice seats for you to sunbathe and free towel service. The only downside is that the beds surrounding the pool are EXPENSIVE.  . . Overall, the hotel itself is top notch. If you're in the Total Rewards program, this is the best hotel that is in the program. So the next time you're deciding to gamble millions, remember to choose Caesars.
Love The Casino here. I got lost the first time. There is always plenty of entertainment around.
My hatband and I visited to hotel for 2 nights.. When we checked in we also got a free upgrade to the a palace room which was pretty amazing. It was big and had a huge bathroom area with a jacuzzi.. The facilities were great. Amazing pools and a lot of entertainment within the hotel. The location is great and close to everything. . I would recommend the Bacchanel buffet (hope I spelled it right..) - amazing and worth the price. . cons:. -The Resort fee is high and only provides wifi for one device, otherwise you need to pay $14.99 a day - high! -coffee in the room is $12, crazy! . -the comfy lounge beds around the pool are $50/bed(!), we moved to the regular beds. I would expect a more reasonable price for that or even free, as we are paying a lot for the hotel already. . -self parking is really far from the front desk, consider dropping off bags first and maybe then go park.
Review for the pool:. My friends and I wanted to simply get some sun and sit on pina colada. And we did JUST that. We initially went into the day-club area quickly turned around and left because there was no place to sit or layout. . . The venus pool is a nice kidfriendly pool. There are statues and fountains all around and chairs everywhere. We went on a saturday so it was pretty crowded but had a great time hanging out...
Wah! Got upgraded into the Octavius tower when we arrived!. . So nice and clean! ALTHOUGH, I could not get connecting rooms with my parents, we at least got on the same floor. BUTTTTT. my parents got like, tooth paste, tooth brush, and stuff, and our room did not!. . The maid service was very nice every morning! most of them would greet us in the morning!. . . minus one star because the walk was SO far from our rooms to the parking garage. . . (i found a shortcut while we were checking out, take the Appian way shops for a nice shortcut! to the parkinglot). . also, if you're 20, they card right away!
Request a room in their newer towers that were recently renovated. much nicer and up to date.
Celine's show is in the Colosseum. Heard this place boasts 4296 seats! Flay's MESA grill, Ramsay now his has Pub and Grill, and 6 months back, Nobu opened up! More fresh Jp food I have never enjoyed as I did last night. Nobu hotel is also new.. . PS Cheesecake Factory and  Chocolate by the Bald Man inside Forum shops!
I still love this joint! But hey, it's Caesars Place! It was built in 1966 and still holds it's own. Just go there and enjoy everything.
"We're counting cards," I fibbed. Nah, I never gambled once and threw my money away instead on food and shopping. Most of it is high end, like "La Perla," but they got the joe schmo stuff now, too. Take a gander: "Emperors Essentials" has "Hangover" movie merchandise. #rainman
Its all about the Octavius Tower. The rooms are new, clean, and well designed. The bathrooms are the best. Large tub, separate shower, his and her sinks and separate toilet room. The beds are comfortable and the robes perfect for day napping. . . Pool - well, poolS. They have 7, but with that said they really have the two main larger pools. One was cold, one was warm. Amazing mojito drinks (32oz.) run about $24. AHH! So needed on these hot summer days though. Pool s crowded in the summer, go early if you want a group of lounge chairs together. Better yet, get a cabana if you can afford it. . . Food - I think Caesars has a great variety. Some of my favorite Vegas restaurants are here. Bobby Flay's Mesa is amazing, and the new Gordan Ramsey Pub & Grill is very good as well. They have one Starbucks in the hotel and anytime after 9am you will probably wait 30 mins in line. Usually its worth it, compared to the off brand coffee shop they have.. . The Forum Shops - Walk right on over to the shops without ever going outside. YAY! They have some designer stores (think GUCCI, LV), then they also have an H&M and Ann Taylor. The Forum also has more restaurant choices like Spago and The Palms Steakhouse. They have a little of everything. Perfect if you don't want to be at the pool or gambling during the day. . . Gambling - lots of tables and they seem to have the limits not insanely high, even on the weekends. The dealers we had were generally nice and helpful if you had questions.. . Overall, I love staying at Caesars because they have a little bit of everything for everyone, and the rooms are comfortable and nice!
I still remember, back when I was booking our trip, an American bird was telling me how much she hates Vegas. Apparently, she hates it so much that she wouldn't feel an ounce of sadness or guilt if the place disappeared from the face of the earth.... My answer to that? Suit yourself - your loss because I loved it!. . Aside from the fact that I'm a bloke and I am both an avid advocate of and grateful (Believe me.. I am 150% grateful!) for the general consensus that is: "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas".  . . Anyway..... This trip being our first time in Vegas, we decided to do it in style and well, it had to be Caesars Palace! Anything else wouldn't have been good enough! We stayed in the Palace Tower and it costs us a bomb for 4 nights but you know what? I had a great time! . . The hotel is massive (it will literally take you close to 10 mins to get to your room if you're in say the Palace Tower from reception) but then again, that's normal in Sin City. . . With a couple of casinos namely the Palace Casino and Roman Casino, shops, restaurants: Gordon Ramsay's Pub N Grill & Nobu to name a few + a separate shopping mall in itself that is the Forum Shops (which you can access from the Palace Casino right next to Ramsay's Pub N Grill), Pure Nightclub and the Colosseum where you can watch Celine Dion or Shania Twain perform; Caesars is cool.. really cool... . I liked our room - The bathroom was very spacious and we had a great view of the strip. . . The staff that I dealt with were really nice and helpful. The only letdown is that you have to pay for internet, which is a quite rubbish really. I mean most hotels give you at least free Wi-Fi in the lobby so..... . Overall, I really liked it and I will definitely check it out next time.
Caesars Palace property is a place that everyone should check out.  It is one of the older hotels but now is more popular than ever.  It does not look like it is fading or anything and is still expensive as hell to try to get a room for the night.  It is now known as "the HANGOVER" hotel.  The movie craziness mostly are seen in the suite here, so this place has life again.  Rooms are pricey, tried to look into staying here one night recently and it was a higher price than we were willing to play. We got a good deal from Aria, this place was not offering any deals.  . . Great place to walk around and check out the restaurants that are here.  I did not gamble here that much, it was just for walking around.  I loved the statues here too, I agree with some others.
I recently stayed here for  the 4th of July long weekend, and I was pretty impressed with our room in the Octavius Tower, which is one of the newer buildings Caesar's added on. Our room was definitely more spacious than the typical Vegas hotel room I've had in mind - there are two queen size beds, a roomy couch, and a few sofa seats. The bathroom was definitely much larger than any Vegas bathroom I've previously seen - there was a separate shower from the big jacuzzi-style tub. Noise was never an issue and we didn't have any problems with utilities or cleanliness.. . Over all, I'm impressed. While I long to stay at some of the more "hot" hotels such as Aria, Wynn, or Cosmopolitan, I definitely would not have an issue staying here again.
The rooms are very comtemporary. The bathrooms have a tub and shower. The tub has jets so it could be a jacuzzi. But who needs that with the 4 different pools they have and they are gorgeous.  Be sure to get down there early as all the good seats in the sun get swiped quickly. The housekeepers are really nice and honest. Valet has 3 separate spots plus the valet in the forum.
Octavius tower is beautiful! Room was huge. Bathroom had a jacuzzi, stand up shower, his and her sinks and a separate room for the toilet. The bed was nice and comfy, there was a couch, plenty of room for two people. Room was clean.. . Caesar's palace is huge, staff is friendly, Octavius tower is near the pool and buffet, a walk to the stores, but that's okay, we didn't mind. We preferred being closer to the pool. It was never an issue to get a lounge chair. Check in was easy, there is a separate place to check in and valet is free.. . Food poolside was pretty good, had a panini, wings and fries. Staff is helpful and valet service, just call ahead since there are ton of cars. Price wasn't bad at all. We would stay here again, but we would ask for a room with a view. We only got a view of the highway and Paris Hotel partially.. . We came 4th of July weekend and Caesar's was the only hotel to put on a fireworks show. It was great! I love the location too, middle of everything and it wasn't hard getting a cab.. . Qua spa is fabulous! I recommend it! We got massages and spent  a couple hours at the different treatments/pools. Well worth the money.
The Octavius tower has beautiful rooms. Love the comfortable beds. Very happy here.. I have stayed in the MGM, Bellagio, Venetian, and the Palazzo and recently Ceasar's Palace. We had an awesome stay. I highly recommend Caesar's- but request a room in the newer Octavius Tower- we had a pool view. These rooms have the most comfortable beds which makes it hard to even get out of in the mornings. The room was clean, decent size with a sitting area and the bathrooms are large and spacious with deep soaking tubs. . The pools at Caesar's are the best and the $17 mojito was perfect. Ok so they do nickel and dime you on the fees but that's not uncommon at these sprawling Vegas resorts. And yes we added the resort package onto our room for $28 for internet and for use of the fitness room which I used everyday during our stay. DO NOT TOUCH THE MINI BAR - EXPENSIVE!! There is a nice little sundries shop right by the lobby- buy your bottled water and snacks there to save money. . The amenities - the pool, the fitness room, the Qua Spa, the location on the strip, and being close to the forum shops is why I loved staying at Caesars! I am a huge fan of getting the day pass to Qua Spa- it's normally $45 however they charged me $25 probably because I had the resort package added in my room cost. It was one of the highlights of my Vegas trip. . I love the suite sized rooms at the Palazzo but I would definitely come back to Caesars and stay in the Octavius Tower again. We were very happy with the staff and the room.
It's not Las Vegas unless you stop in for a hot minute (literally) at Caesar's Palace. This is what Vegas is all about - the sights, the sounds, the smell of old lady perfume wafting throughout the casino. Mix in some smoke, some booze and crying gamblers who've lost their plane tickets home and it's a complete vacation!. . Clearly, this is a more upscale place to stay and to gamble but does anyone come to Vegas to save money? No. The rooms are clean and there are a ton of them! Beware that you will now be charged a RESORT FEE on top of the normal room rate. Basically, it's another rip-off disguised as a fee but what can you do?. . What I really like about Caesar's is the antiquated feel of the whole place. Not that it's old and run down but that the statues and paintings and walls really came from antiquity. I love the Romanesque vibe and in Vegas who doesn't like a couple of naked people hanging around - even if they're made of marble?. . While staying here the check-in/out process was fairly efficient and the front desk staff was really nice. They have a bell desk to check bags and there are plenty of fine restaurants for your dining pleasure. I really like that they have a food court now which is right next to the entrance to the Forum Shops. It's a good option. . . I very quickly lost a lot of money on the roulette table so from there on out I had to stick to slots. There are a ton of fun games so just take some time and check it out. . . One of the best things about this place is how huge it is. There is almost no reason to leave at all. Shopping, food, gambling, bars, clubs, offtrack betting, rooms for sleeping or throwing up - who could ask for more? . . If nothing else everyone who visits Vegas has to walk in, do a lap and then decide from there what to do. So much fun!
after a pretty intense bachelor/bachelorette party weekend, my fiance and i decided we'd stay here for a "recovery" day so we could just relax.  we stayed in the augustus tower in the royal suite on the top floor. our views were insane-the bedroom overlooked the fountains of the bellagio and the living room had floor to ceiling windows with views up and down the strip. we had spent the previous two nights in a suite with a pretty stellar view at the aria, but this room totally had it beat.  . . caesars has this nice mix of new/old vegas and is conveniently located near everything. i'd stay here again for sure!
If you can afford to, I recommend you stay at the Caesars; they've really got this whole Vegas luxury and no need to leave the property thing down. . . I was set up here for a few days while attending a trade show. All the staff are really helpful, nice all the time and know the ins and outs of the hotel. . . The property itself is ridiculous. HUGE, gorgeous and so comfy you don't want to leave. Sure you walk a mile every day if you go from end to end, but who cares. You can shop without going outside, eat varying cuisines at the buffet or at their other restaurants or you can people watch at the casino. . . Having stayed at other hotels on the strip I'd really like to be able to come back here again, but like I said, it's a matter of affording it. Caesars = serious dough!
I attended a meeting at Caesars in May.  I had been to Caesars many, many times, but have never stayed at the hotel.  They put us up in the Octavius Tower...very nice!  Big rooms, comfy beds, nice bathrooms and great views!
I've stayed a Caesar's a few times, and this last time I have to say they have really stepped it up.  Every time I'd see someone from the hotel staff, they'd take a second to ask how my day was going and see if there was anything I needed.  The place pretty much speaks for itself, so there's really no need to go on and on about the decor, but the pools (and the bar at the pool) is awesome and a perfect way to spend a day.  You'll probably want to stake out a chair early, since they tend to fill up pretty quick on the weekends.  All in all it was a great experience, and Caesar's is definitely my "go to" when I'm in Vegas.. . My only criticism would be that the Bloody Mary's at the bar/restaurant near the front desk are absolutely wretched, but I won't hold that against them... :)
This place was nice and It was clean.  I great place for your significant other to shop while you enjoy a fine cigar and a Mojito at Casa Fuente Cigars..  Because i am not much of a shopping fool I just sat around watching people go by..  Man it was interesting. . My next visit to vegas I a seriously considering staying here..  Classy and clean.  Two thumbs up for me.
I got a sunday night room for $109 and upgrade to augustus tower king on 38th floor. nice vew. no complaints about service, staff or anything really. Restaurants were expensive (Waffle $17, beers $10) don't be afraid to get out ons trip. There is a new buffet deal for $45 for 6 buffets for 24 hours, check it out if you like to walk around and eat and gamble.
After all these years, Caesar's Palace is still an awesome hotel/casino and a "Must Visit" for anyone taking a trip to Las Vegas. The entire hotel and casino is stunningly beautiful and the decor is just gorgeous. The hotel is also located near the middle of the Las Vegas Strip, which makes getting to other hotels/casinos very easy.. . The Forum Shops are a real treat. Walking through was essentially is an indoor mall,  they have the ceiling painted to look like the sky. Paired with replica of the Trevi fountain, you've given the impression that you're shopping outdoors in Rome during the late afternoon.. . At the far end of the Forum Shops, they have a large fountain that doubles as a fish aquarium. The statues in the fountain also come to life periodically throughout the day to provide guests with an awesome free show. (Note: at the time of this review, the Atlantis show has been closed due to remodeling/upgrading. It's scheduled to be back in October 2013). . Besides the large casino and very nice shops & restaurants, Caeser's Palace also offers shows by big-name entertainers such as Celine Dion, Luis Miguel, and Elton John.. . The room rates are quite expensive from my experiences and it's the sole reason I have to knock-off one star from my Yelp rating.. . My advice... stay at a cheaper hotel on the Strip, but make sure you pay a visit to Caesar's Palace.
loved this hotel
I had always heard great things about Caesar's Palace, So me and my cousin decided to go for my Birthday in late June, Stayed there one night. The people in the front desk were really nice, and they ungraded us for Free! So thank you for that, Though it was EXTREMELY hot outside about 112 degrees, we decided to relax the whole day in the Hotel with the A/C on . We went walking around and found the indoor mall very great place with a great feel to it. The place just feels a little too cramped & I wish we had a fridge in our hotel room as well. Overall , Good Casino and Hotel to stay at, Love the robes too!
I'm here for work (convention + training) and was expecting this place to look like Excalibur.  Lol.  We arrived, they booked our room next to the convention center with a view of the pools and statue of Caesar!  Hale Caesar lol.  Real awesome!  Love the entrance of the room, large room, king size bed, good size tv, large jacuzzi, desk, couch and just fancy :).  The maids cleaned daily even x2 a day!  Constructive criticism just to be nitpicky - the closet door has a crack, one of the blankets had a lil hole, the food in the room is pressure sensored so be careful if you nudge or they will charge you, they only allow 1 laptop or device to connect to the room or they charge $14 a day, when I first arrived there was a small drop of what seemed to be blood by the toilet floor, some towels lost their luster which should be thrown away and the food during the convention sucked except for the cream puff (I am very detailed oriented).  All in all this place was good.  :D
This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the Pool. Is Awesome Specially the Buffet ,I love it :-))))
Caesars is one of my long time favourite casinos. The rooms are super clean and very spacious, unlike other major casinos in the area, the water pressure in the shower was awesome. The bacchanal buffet is awesome. I had plenty of fun at the blackjack tables and slot machines. The poker room is not that great, it never was at Caesars. The casino floor can get a little smokey during peak hours on the weekends. I very much enjoyed my gaming experience and stay at Caesars.
This is a very long overdue review.  I stayed here for three days this summer with my husband and kids.  We stayed here because we wanted to eat at Mesa Grill in the evening and wanted to be in the same hotel as the kids (yes, we're mean, we didn't take them to Mesa Grill with us.). . There was plenty of good and a little bad, but the short version is, it's not the greatest hotel for kids.  There's a time to spend a lot of money and a time not to, but frankly, kids don't have the most sophisticated taste and don't appreciate the finer things so much.  If I am going to spend $17 on a burger/fries/drink in the food court, it better either know how to style my hair or give me a big O.  But really, they're just standard fare for double the money.  But, you're kind of captive because if you take your car out of the valet, there might not be a place for it when you get back.  (True story.  We had to self-park the night before we left because the valets were all full.  This made checkout a NIGHTMARE because it is a LONG way to the self-park with several suitcases, laptops etc.). . I loved the room.  We were in the Octavius tower.  This is the newest one I think, and it's highly renovated.  The beds were super comfy.  They have a ginormous spa tub in the bathroom that takes 30 minutes to fill.  My advice; don't get in until it's close full, or you'll get bored before you can put the jets on.  Try not to feel too guilty for using SO MUCH WATER in the desert.  (I failed.  I felt guilty so only did it once and stayed in there long after I was bored so as to get good use out of it.). . The pools are gorgeous.  I wish there was more shade near the pools, but the lounge chairs are comfy.  Drinks by the pool (like the food court) are crazy expensive.  One small pina colada:  $18.  HOLY CRAP.  I'm glad I didn't order the large.  I only brought a $20 down from the room with me.  I am such a poor plebian, not worthy of the Palace!  If it hadn't been so hot, I wouldn't have left the poolside except to eat, sleep, poop.. . Aside from the not-so-exciting-and-way-too-expensive food court, there are lots of good dining options if you can afford them.  Mesa Grill is awesome as always (though now that we've found a local-to-us place with amazing lamb chops for 1/2 the price of Bobby's, not QUITE as awesome).  We really enjoyed the Gordon Ramsey grill as well (though somehow the waiter there managed to convince my husband to try a $25 bottle of BEER.  It was good, not $25 good.)   We had a pretty nice meal at the casual Chinese food place in there.  We never made it to the buffet because the lines were always crazy (and again, the prices so high we couldn't justify bringing kids with us when they'd be just as happy eating McD's.)  . . I do not like that you only get ONE internet connection in the room.  My husband, the kids, and I are all geeks.  We had to pass the laptop around.  That is seriously lame.  . . Check-in was horrible.  I stood in line for about an hour.  Apparently a few hours before arrival an email came to my box inviting me to check in online, but, Muppet News Flash -- I was travelling at the time and didn't see it til later.  If it had come the night before I'd have been able to do it from my previous hotel.  . . I'm giving them a 4 star overall because my biggest complaints are price related.  If you can get past the prices, it's a great hotel to stay at overall.  If it had just been me and my hubby I probably wouldn't have balked so much.  If you're budget conscious, even with "I'm on vacation" face on and expecting to spend a good deal of money, you'll spend too much time thinking about how much things are costing you.   Don't bring your kids.  I'd be willing to stay here again with just my hubby, but I am not sure I will.  I'm tempted to stay at Paris so I can eat breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi every day without having to walk, and it's probably a bit cheaper overall.
I got a free 3 night stay. Free upgrade room. Nice room. Great housekeeping. The hotel and casino was clean and nice. By far the best hotel i stayed at in vegas. I tend to go for cheaper hotels as i am barely in my room. Since it was free, i was very impressed regardless. The staff all around was very professional and friendly. Will look into staying again.
I really like the inside of Caesar's, I think they have some of the more unusual decorations, The gambling is alright, but tables tend to have high minimums. The hotel was really nice though, they were nice enough to upgrade me to a huge suite with a separate sitting room. The housekeepers were also unusually friendly. Minus one star for wifi not working entire stay.
I have been coming here off and on for over thirty years.  i have seen the old girl as broken down casino and now an upscale casino.  . . So my review is my trip here and maybe a few things in memory lane.   . . The casino, itself, is a good place to gamble.  Plenty of action if you are seeking it.  I have won and lost here.  . . The rooms are pretty nice, especially when you upgrade them. I like that the bathroom and the toilet is separate room.  The toilet is actually a water closet, hahaha.  I had an upgrade and it had an amazing water jets tube, and you can actually stay in your room to relax and let the bubbles take your worries away.  The bed was super comfortable.  Tv was already.. . Food is a hit or miss, so do your research.  I say do Spagos, and not Serendipity.  If you got money burning if your pockets from all the winnings.  You can hit the stores.  There is still couple of good ships in there.  A couple of years ago, it was the place to shop, but now there are better places like City Center, or the shops at  the Venetians.  it is up to you.  Still great experiences here.. . Also if you have time.  You should hit up the swimming area.  Great place to hang and catch a few laps or just read a book.  It is a nice Roman inspired watering hole filled with statues.. . Also i recommend you valet your car for a buck or two.  it will save you from the heat for a little while.
This is our first stay at Caesar Palace for a work conference! . Despite of other bad reviews and to our surprise, we really like the place. . We stayed at the Octavius tower which is one of the new tower, part of the Laurel collections. We got the room for $265 pulse tax and resort fee per night for the conference rate.. . For the Octavius and Augustus towers, they have different check-in area... So you can skip all the lines at the main check-in area. These two towers are pretty closed to the pool area. The room is beautiful and large with sitting area, large bathroom with standing shower, a large jacuzzi bath tub, double sink vanity, and a small wall TV. Wifi is included for one device and $20 per day for second device.. . For the Octavius tower, the odd number rooms have pool view and even number have strip view. The bed is huge and comfortable! . . Everything is quite expensive... But so is the rest of Las Vegas strip resorts.. A small water bottle for $5, Keurig coffee package for $12... You get the picture.... . The resort has beautiful pool area with many pools and seating area. The pool opens between 9am to 6pm during fall and winter time. The pools are heated... So it is quite nice! The pool lounging bed costs $250 per day and big lounge chair is between $50 to $25 per day (depends on the day and time!) or you can use the regular chair for free charge!. . The forum shops are great for a fashionista... from reasonable shops (Banana republic, Gap, H&M, etc.) to the high-end stores like Dior, Coach, LV, etc. . . There are plenty of restaurants in this place (Bobby Flay's Mesa Grills, Nobu, Gordon Ramsay pub and grills, Michel Richard's Central, etc.) The Central is opened 24 hours... There is a food court with reasonable prices. For coffee and sweet, you can get from Payards or Starbucks!. . This place is huge... You will need a comfortable shoe to explore this place!. . After staying at the Mandalay, Bellagio's and Cosmopolitan, we probably would stay here again!
This pricey hotel (compared to other hotels in Las Vegas) is almost in the middle of the strip. There are tons of places to eat and drink inside the hotel. If you love to shop, there are shops within the vicinity too. . . I stayed here for business for a week and my entire week was pleasant. The convention staff was helpful including the business center. . . Gordon Ramsay restaurant is awesome. Rather cheap - about $ 100 or so for two people. The Central by Michel Richard will cost you about $ 30 for an oily meal - good after 12 bottles of beer. My blood was filled with alcohol and needed comfort food - they sat me right away! Think of it as Food 911 or Post-alcohol 911. . . The room? Decent. I've been to better hotels like Mandalay Bay. . . Nice features: . - Electronic curtain because walking four steps is way too difficult. - Big desk so I was able to spread out my clothes and 3 laptops (that's why they hate me at security). - Bathroom has nice amenities just like most hotels on the Strip. - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - keep your wallet handy, you'll spend money in drinks, food and shopping. Guaranteed. . . Tip: . - Be friendly to concierge, they'll make your life easier. - Tip your bell captain well. - It's very noisy, bring ear plugs. . Will come back because I like the location!
Great shops. Huge casino. Amazing decor. And free $5 when you sign up for the players club
Hotel is enormous. Easy to get lost. On a non smoking floor I could smell smoke. One disappointment, room service fresh squeezed orange juice was canned
It is hot in here! The gambling at Caesar is the bomb. Wonderful restaurants. It is thanksgiving and the buffet is packed. The slits are not loose but a lot of fun. Beautiful resort.
My stepmom got us a free room in the Octavius Tower for two nights. We had a friend with us so we got a room with two queen beds.. . The room was very nice! The beds were super comfy, loved all the bedding and the pillows, which is rare for me. The bathroom was a nice size and had plenty of counter space. The tub looked awesome, but I didn't have a chance to enjoy it. The view we had was of the mountains and if you looked the other way, we could see the back of the Bellagio water show. . . Caesar's is a nice hotel with many restaurants and a huge casino. I enjoyed staying here, but my only gripe is the Octavius Tower is so far from everything! There is no quick trip up to the room, it feels like you walk a mile to get there. Every time we went back to the room for something we ended up just staying there for awhile. On one hand it's nice because it is a quiet walk and it seems very private since you are so far away from the hustle and bustle of the casino, but on the other hand, sometimes you just want to be close to everything.
Just like the old ruins and monuments in Rome, this place has withstood the test of time and is a Vegas institution.  Since Caesar's was built, there have been many other casinos that have opened and closed in that same time frame....but this place stays relevant and in the top tier of the Vegas hotels.. . When we're back in Vegas, we'll drop by Pure at least one night on a weekend.  It's a fun nightclub.. . The shopping and food options have remained top notch through the years.  We'll keep coming back.. . Return Factor - 90%
Outrageous room rates but beautiful rooms and views. I actually got married here and the gardens were gorgeous. Setting was beautiful for pictures. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. My bouquet was pretty but you could tell they had been sitting out too long because some of the edges had browned. I provided my own  music so i cannot weigh in on the musicians provided but the wedding event staff was very helpful.
We did not stay here but we walked through and ate at Cheesecake factory and later went to Pure nightclub.  This hotel is soooo beautiful and clean, and was all decorated for the Holidays was a pleasure to walk through.  . . We were able to sit 'outside' at Cheesecake factory and it was the best people watching spots ever!! And we had an awesome view of the huge fish tank and live show.  Super awesome!!! . . Cant wait to go back and explore some more.
Caesars is my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Absinthe is a great show albeit a little weird.  I like this casino because it has a great location and is attached to a mall for shopping.  The rooms are large and most have a separate shower and tub.  All and all Caesars is a winner (maybe I like it so much because I won :/ )
On the stay alone was nice.... the pool awesome.. i would return..
Ive been coming to this casino since I was 5 and I must say that it is always a pleasant stay. The only issues I have is that the room service food is always expensive and only (At BEST) decent tasting. Other than that. The forums are amazing, restaurants are great, and the rooms are spacious and comforting. Ill still be coming back to stay when I head to vegas.
