I stopped by for lunch today, and was glad that I did.  I'm happy to see a downtown restaurant getting on board with clean eating and offering free range chicken meal options.  I was also pleasantly surprised that the place opened on Monday, and just four days later, it was super busy during the lunch hour. . . It's definitely a hip, trendy lunch spot. The restaurant isn't very big but has several different tables to eat at, plus a counter and a rectangular bistro table (I think called the community table or something like that). . . I had the free range mozzarella sandwich with potato salad and a pickle.  Overall, it was good but I thought my chicken was lacking just a little bit of flavor so I added some salt and pepper to it.  The potato salad was really good, not too mushy or mayonnaisey.  My lunch mates both had the chicken caesar (also free range), which they said was delicious.  One friend said that the dressing was fresh and tasted like it was made from scratch. . . The one downside was the noise level inside the restaurant.  Once the restaurant filled up, it became really loud and we had to talk loud (and basically shout) to hear one another.  I wouldn't recommend more than four people to a table during the usual lunch hour. . . Eat is a great place to get your grub on.  It's cool, it's heathy, and there's plenty of parking around the block.  The passion fruit iced tea is also very refreshing, and dare I say, better than the one at Paymon's???
The city needs more of these treasures that one might find in LA, SF, or NYC. Limited menu, but great food and lots of personality. Service is ok, but it is only the first week.
Let me preface this review by giving a quick run down of how my friend and I finally arrived at eat. We were walking here from Downtown3rd Farmer's Market, which I knew would be just a quick few blocks up Fremont Street and to Carson Street. Of course, so easy!. . As we walked and noted certain street signs were missing from certain streets we we ended up walking about six blocks PAST Carson where we should have made a left! OY VEY.. . Anyway, eat is a brand new edition to the Downtown scene and a nice little place to drop in for some good, quick bites. The menu features salads, sandwiches and small sides. When we were there only the lunch menu was being featured, although I am aware they serve breakfast as well. . . My friend and I both opted for the chicken mozzarella sandwich with a pesto sauce and tomatoes. All sandwiches come with a choice of their homemade potato chips or potato salad. We both opted for the chips. They were crispy, brown and yummy. However, a very sad day for us. Each sandwich also comes with a pickle and they were out of pickles. *tear* We actually really were disappointed.. . As for the sandwich, I thought it was good, although not blowing my socks off. Would I come back and eat it and probably try more of their sandwiches? Yes, I would. Especially since I have been wishing for so long a place like this existed on the Eastside of the Valley. Now - here it is! In my fave place - Downtown! And is just about a 10 minute drive from my house! . . Here's the thing - the place is SO LOUD. LOOOOUUUDDD. If the place is packed good luck carrying on a decent conversation with whoever you're with without yelling - you won't be able to. Although I like the atmosphere and the way the place looks, I think they could use something to tone down how freaking loud it gets in this place. . . By the way - avoid street parking by parking in the El Cortez parking garage, it's just a short walk away. Bingo. Awesome new place to eat.
This is one of the first restaurants downtown trying to break the downtown slump - which is great! It's in a weird location, but I guess that's the point in a way, right?. . Anyway. Once you get in, immediately you know this is new. It's fresh. Which is also the word I'd use for their food. It is fresh, not too filling, and overall... clean and simple. The flavors are right because every ingredient seems to be used for exactly what it is. Not overcooked, overspiced, and made bland. This is how people will learn to appreciate freshness and flavor again, I think.. . It's interesting that the category on this restaurant is "American (New)." If this is the new American style of food, I'm in. But why not 5 stars? Because I don't think it was memorable enough yet. The menu is full of a bunch of familiar items (which works for a lot of people, sure). I think it has room to grow in ways outside of freshness, and I'm sure it will.
This is a cute little lunch cafe. Very cool  decor with a trendy/artsy vibe. I loved the aesthetic of the place.  I love that it is downtown. Only serves breakfast and lunch. I went around 11:00 a.m. on a weekday and was offered the lunch menu; full of healthy and organic options. By the time I was done eating an awesome free-range chicken sandwich the place was starting to get packed. The restaurants maximum occupancy is 89...so maybe not a place I would go in peak hours. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. There is a counter for single diners and tables can be moved together for larger groups.
I eat, so I went to eat to eat.. After doing some business at 200 Lewis avenue at 8am I was hungry and looked for a place to eat downtown, yes there are many casinos with restaurants around but I didn't feel like going into a casino, besides the traffic court had already beaten them to my money.. .  As I was driving away from the renovated areas of downtown into the more shady areas, I spotted this little place in the corner of Carson and seven street known for other kind of activities, so I was surprised to find a restaurant there. . I parked my car  and searched for quarters under the seat of my car for the parking meter, luckily I hadn't  cleaned my car for months so I found enough change for parking, for breakfast, and even for the bum asking for change.. .  The restaurant is located at the corner of an old budget apartment building, but don't let that scare you because once you walk in you'll forget the world outside and be absorbed into a new, clean, modern, cool dinning experience. The place is small and popular so sometimes you'll be forced to share a table with other people, but not to worry, they won't bite, they have good food on their plate.. .  By recommendation of the waiter I went with the huevos motulenos, two eggs over easy covered with red and green sauce with melted cheese on top of corn tortillas. The only other place I had this is in Mexico and I cannot tell you how good this is, you have to try it for yourself and do your own sweating. you'll be coming back for more.. . They only serve breakfast and lunch and that is a good call, you don't want to be caught in this area after sunset. It all turns into a different kind of venture, you'll become the main course so you better fly like a moth towards the Fremont street experience lights, unless you're looking for something else,..in that case, ask for Lola...now that's five stars! (I heard).  . Good food. Great service. Great atmosphere. Very clean . I'll be back to eat...to eat.
Eat is a new restaurant one block east and one block south of the El Cortez.. . First of all, I don't care much for the name.  Too clever by half.  But I'm here for the grub, so I'll overlook the too trendy, too cute name.. . Dined at Eat early on a weekday morning, there were only three other customers.  This gave me a chance to talk with my server, the manager, and the owner.  Everyone was very nice.. . Sat at the counter and ordered the huevos motulenos.  They tasted fabulous (lots of flavor going on here!) and the presentation was perfect.  The manager DID make the chef re-plate my food and made sure I saw him do it, which was kind of pretentious in retrospect.. . The space feels urban and trendy and doesn't fit in with the run down (but improving) neighborhood surrounding the restaurant.. . I'll be back, hopefully for brunch.  Lots of interesting items on the menu.. . You should try it.. . ---------------------------. . Here's an actual conversation I had with a Middle-Aged Lady with Wild Hair (MALWWH) on my way back to Fremont.  I was about to cross the street against the light.. . MALWWH:  Hey, don't do that!. Me:  What?. MALWWH:  Don't cross against the light!  The cops will arrest you and take you to jail, and they won't let you go until you give them $35.. Me:  Really?. MALWWH:  Yeah.  Like the cops don't have anything better to do.  Don't they see all the f-ing crackheads around here?. Me:  Well, it wouldn't be that big of a deal - I've got $35.. MALWWH:  Don't tell anyone you have $35...they'll take it from you!. Me:  LOL
After my first time here, I thought the food was pretty good.  I had the arugula salad with chicken.  A bit pricey for a $15 lunch salad and there wasn't enough chicken to leave me satisfied.  Very tasty and very healthy, just not enough chicken.  . . Ambiance is unique for Vegas.  We are definitly getting cooler as a city when places like this open up.  . . I plan on eating here a few more times so I cantry some of the other items on the menu!
Tried EAT for breakfast.  We all had the pancakes which were golden brown and crispy around the edges. Cooked just like I love them.  There were 3 of us and unfortunatley everyone was stuck on pancakes so we didn't get to try any of the other breakfast entrees.  We did order the beignets, don't exepect Nawlins style beignets. EAT's are dense.  None the less delicious, and the vanilla marscapone served with them is delish. We'll be back to try out the rest of the menu. The service was good too.. . Non-Food They did a great job with the interior remodel.  Urban/Industrial vibe. All the comments about the location-get over it, it's downtown and that's what makes it great, and EAT's a great addition to downtown.
Right off the bat, I loved the ambience and set up of this place.  It's awesome that you could sit in a place and feel like you're somewhere else. I would say it gave off the vibe of a trendy spot in Melrose.  There were cool, huge black and white photos hung on the walls.  Our waitress was really nice and suggested a few items off their menu. I really wanted to have their breakfast menu but we missed it, since they stop serving it at 11am.  . . Anyways, I got the veggie bahn mai with a side of potato salad and my friend and I split their black bean chili.  The baguette was so deliciously buttery and crispy at the edges and the veggies was served in sort of like a slaw: 4/5. The soup was ok. I kinda wish it was a little spicier and it also came out a little cold: 3/5. I also liked the fact that they carried organic juices.. . The location of this spot blows my mind, because I'm always in this area but never knew this place was here.  I probably never noticed it because I'm usually downtown at night.  I'll definitely have to make a morning trip down here soon so I can try their breakfast menu.
Just moved downtown and I'm glad to find a place within walking distance that is reasonably healthy (if you want) and uses quality ingredients. Only been there once for a late lunch but the Chicken Sandwich was delicious and reasonably priced (bevs expensive) and chips were okay (nothing special). . . Ambiance and decor is nice and modern, but with very limited seating I'm sure it fills up fast at peak times. It's nice to see someone really step up with turning downtown into a place locals will want to go. It's still not the best part of town but they're helping to change that and during breakfast and lunch (no dinner service), you'll be just fine.. . I took a peek at the breakfast menu while I was there and I'm excited to get back!
This place is hidden underneath what looks like an apartment complex. I went there for lunch with a few friends and was plesantly surprised at how nice the inside of the restaurant was. . . We were seated promtly and the chef was there overseeing everything. The food was average. I ordered the posole and shared the roast beef sandwich. The sandwich was great but there was not enough meat for the bread. I had half the sandwich and then had to leave the other half of the bread alone since there wasn't enough meat to eat with it. . . The only downside to this place is that it gets EXTREMLY loud when the restaurant is full. When we first arrived the place didn't have that many customers which was why we were seated promptly. Unfortunately when more customers arrived the louder the place got. It was also almost as if they turned up the music as well making it that much louder since people had to talk over the music. I felt I had to scream to my friend who was sitting next to me just so that she can hear me. :-( . . I will be coming back again, hopefully they will have addressed the noise issue and mabe give me a sandwich that has a better filling to bread ratio.
Impressive and totally unexpected; a healthy, trendy, farm to table eatery in the sketchy confines of  Downtown Vegas.  . . Serving only breakfast and lunch.  Short but well thought out menu that uses the same ingredients throughout.. . Right to it, the fried to order beignets are phenomenal.  Crispy, lightly sweetened pillows topped with powdered sugar.  Eat them while they're hot, with the melting side of vanilla mascarpone and tart fruit jam.  Yum.  The egg white frittata filled withspinach, tomatoes, olives and feta is equally good.  Aggressively seasoned and not dry. . . For lunch, the "DWBLT" (smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and chipotle mayo sourdough sandwich) is vibrant and refreshing with a decent kick.  The grilled aged cheddar sandwich on sourdough with a fresh tomato salad a definite winner of a reinvented classic.. . Good prices.  Friendly service.  . . Hopefully the menu evolves with the seasons.  For now, a welcome addition to the blah food scene of downtown but by no means a destination restaurant.. . Side note - Thank you Vegas yeep Leonel M. whose review made me break my self imposed, five plus year hiatus from town to eat at Eat.
Been so excited to try this new place! We mapped our way there and ended up in a sketchy neighborhood and parked on the street. (Bring your change for the meters). We were ready for the adventure. . . We were seated immedietly. The menus were small but we both found vegetarian options that were delicious! The ginger ale was to die for as well! The food came out very fast and the server was very nice. . . I will be back! Not 5 stars due to price, it was a little spendy and it said my meal came with the side on the menu then I was told when I got my food that it didn't. Just little hick ups-wonderful place over all!
I am so excited that a new restaurant finally opened downtown.  I went to Eat on Friday with a group of 6 for lunch.  I really like the decor and atmosphere in this restaurant.  I ordered their flavored iced tea and the BLTA.  Both were very good.  The sourdough bread that the sandwich was served on was excellent and the sandwich was a very good size for lunch.  You will not leave hungry! Sandwich included the homemade chips which I thought were tasty.  I am not ordinarily big on chips but really liked these. The other 5 people that were with me were very happy with their food and the service.  Can't wait to come back for breakfast and try the pancakes.
I've been here a total of three times. Once for the lunch menu, second time for the brunch menu and lastly for the breakfast menu. Everytime the food was absolutely delicious. Wait staff was at a B+, nothing over the top and went a few minutes needing a refill. My only complaint is the three menus. I wish I could get the breakfast menu a little later in the day, say til about 11am.. I am in the service industry myself and am not usually an early morning person. But, when I am up that early, I eat at... eat. :-)
EAT, pretty simply put, how could I go wrong as I Yelped up a something to eat this morning for some breakfast before returning home from Vegas? . . I generally stay clear of the places that appear so sublime on Yelp, but I was hungry and I was biting on the the Yelp hook again for a relatively new place with a short track record. My GPS in the rent-a-car told me this place didn't exist WTF was this some kind of Yelp trick? I found it anyway a half dozen blocks down from the Fremont Street Experience downtown, nestled under an old apartment complex.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#1FLXhCFNGaHKlo7mePjUCQ  Maybe 707 never existed before Eat made her home here???. . After feeding the meter across the street I crossed and hesitantly I walked into a nicely appointed, clean semi industrial, semi earthy space of a restaurant  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#5hwJW33twIKPbYqGXborAw  with only a few customers and was greeted by a tall dude (forget his name) with face full of jewelery, a punker hair-do and a dark gothish demeanor. He showed me to a table and got me some coffee right off. Nice guy.. . As I read the menu I knew I wasn't in Kansas anymore Toto, there were a bunch of menu choices that were out of the box and sounded very promising. http://eatdowntownlv.com/breakfast/. . FOOD ORDERED:. Truffled Egg Sandwich Two farm-fresh scrambled eggs with wild mushrooms, chives, feta, bacon and smashed potatoes. . WHAT I GOT:. Truffled Egg Sandwich and some country style fried potatoes. The sammy was great, yummy thick sliced bacon atop a couple of fried eggs laced with shrooms and some chives and a kiss of feta cheese crumbles on a croissant roll. This sammy was good! And the taters were well seasoned and tasty as well. 4.5*****STARS. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#atNQH5fb6TgXBd6UtOgXkw. . The service was great too. Plenty of refills, checked on me couple times too. Had their s**t together.  4.5 **** Stars. . I also briefly met Natalie Young  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#kz1WySQnziPX0GxnBQvwQA the chef / owner as she was kicking it with a few patrons at the table next to me. She seemed like a very nice and down to earth gal.. . She explained that breakfast crowd for some unknown reason was always a bit slower but lunch and later times were always slammed full of customers. I can believe it if the Lunch and Dinner choices are anything like breakfast food. While a little pricey (still cheaper than the Vegas strip restaurants) it's so worth it.. . This place is as cool, hipster, and the food is as good as you are likely to find in a local Las Vegas eatery. Its a local downtown eating establishment that's not on the beaten path when it comes to locale or food. This place is what most trendy LA places wish they were  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=DMEmu_sXcHUW4EFf8Mxpog#lSlXZcBJk6tow9WEoEUcsw hip with legit with great food and real atmosphere.. . I gotta try the chicken fried steak next time it looked awesome!. . I'll be back, next time in Vegas!
Chef Natalie Young and her staff challenge the downtown hater's surmise--that downtown revitalization will fail--with tasty comfort food, great service and a beautiful interior. Praise and love for the Eat Team who transformed the prosaic spot beneath an apartment complex into a great breakfast and lunch joint. Although, parking is limited and you have to pay via meter. So, I just ended up parking for free at the nearby El Cortez.  Think of it as a way to burn those calories post-meal.. . Before my friend and I even stepped inside, the hostess opened the door with a smile and a cheery welcome. The place was loud and busy; luckily for us, there was one table available. The decor was tastefully done with some nice touches; for example, I love the "I'll See You in the Flowers" art piece on the wall.. . The lunch menu is focused, unintimidating, and conventional: sandwiches, salads, and soups. The free range chicken sandwich with chips was delicious, moist, and slathered in pesto. Just the way I wanted it. The chips were crisp and seasoned well, but unmemorable. I wish they had seasoned fries or a side salad option. To most people, this will sound blasphemous, but one annoyance was the untrimmed fat on the chicken (personal preference). As for my friend, he happily inhaled his DWBLT and gave it two greasy thumbs up. Throughout the meal, our server beatifically refilled our waters and checked-in on us, while juggling his tables. While the food is not groundbreaking, Eat serves up good classics dishes while improving downtown's reputation.
I am so happy to have this place within walking distance. It is exactly the kind of locals place that I have been missing since moving to Vegas.. . The menu is very creative and the food is really good. I'm not a meat eater so most of it is off limits to me but I am hopeful that they will offer more veggie friendly options in the future.
Went there for a relaxed breakfast with the Mrs.  The food had good flavor, the service was above average and the owner was nice and attentive.
I took the advice of my fellow Yelpers and stopped here for breakfast.  I had looked at the menu online, and I had practically decided what I would have before going, but I looked at the menu in any case.Coffee was brought quickly while I was looking at the menu and reaffirming my decision.  I had to go with the Huevos Motulenos.. . What an interesting breakfast!  A corn tortilla topped with black beans, peas, sauteed bananas, and feta cheese with two over easy eggs on top and then topped with red and green chili sauce.  The dish comes with home fried potatoes.  Since this is a breakfast and lunch restaurant only, these home fries are made from scratch. These aren't cubed potatoes left over from last night's baked potatoes.  I watched as the one cook cut the potatoes and then stirred them as they grilled.. . The menu states that this is a zesty dish.  It was excellent!  I could have used a little Cholula, but I decided to have it as it was served than eat breakfast with lots of hot sauce like I'm known to do.  Service was very good.. . I like this small new place--open only 2 months--and it does have a "loft" kind of vibe like another reviewer stated.  My only complaint is parking over which Eat has no control.. . ----End of review. . ----Editorial follows:. . ** Note to the mayor and city council **. . If you're going to have meters, convert them so you can pay with a credit card like other cities.  I don't walk around with parking meter change in Las Vegas.  Better yet, take them out.  If you want us to continue to come downtown, make it a bit easier!
We arrived near the end of breakfast service and were told by our wait staff person that we would need to order from the brunch menu.  We moaned and told her that we were hoping to have breakfast.  Another person (the manager???) overhead our conversation and came over to tell us if we could order quickly that the kitchen would accomodate our order.  We asked what she would recommend; she suggested the Shrimp and Grits.  I had intended to have something really breakfast-like but since that dish was on my 'to-have' list, I thought, why not try it here.  My cousin ordered the steel cut oatmeal and the beignets.  . . When the food was served, I split off some of the shrimp and grits to share.  What a mistake; I wish I could have eaten the whole order myself, after having the first bite.  I'm not sure if the restaurant's recipe was traditional, but it sure was gooooood.  Buttered grits on the base, perfectly cooked shrmp, sweet crispy bacon, sauteed pico de gallo, two eggs, and finely chopped red onion.  There was a great balance of flavors and texture.  I'm usually not good with raw onion, but these were cut very fine and were extra sweet so they added an unexpected flavor and texture.  My cousin was also happy with the oatmeal.  This review would have been a 5-star except that the beignets were pretty heavy (suspect that if we had ordered them in breakfast prime-time that they would have been lighter.  But the homemade jam that they were served with was very good so that made up alittle). . . Will definitely come back on my next visit and will recommend to my friends and family.
Buzz, buzz, buzz about Eat for a while now.  I wanted to see what the buzz was about, too, so myself and a friend showed up last Friday at 7:00am, eager to get our breakfast Eat on and....it was closed.  Both the Eat website and Yelp have the hours as opening at 7:00am Monday through Fridays, but that is no longer true as we discovered.  The new opening time is 8:00am.  Disappointed to say the least, we settled on DuPar's for pancakes--it's nice to have a backup downtown!  Round 2:  we showed up today at 8:00am and they were open for business--yes!  Both the beignets and the pancakes looked tempting, but I wanted to try something not sweet for once, so I went with the Shrimp and Grits with bacon.  Our waitress described it as being served in a big bowl with the bacon strips, then the grits, 3 big shrimp, topped by pico de gallo--that's what I got and it was GOOD!  I never eat something so heavy for breakfast, but I liked the combination, being sure to get each part of the dish in each spoonful--very creative and delicious.  I tried my friend's dish, the Huevos Motulenos, which I didn't order only because I don't do spicy food.  If you have the spicy gene, you should order it; I had a bite and it was also delish.  Service was excellent and the space itself is very comfy and clean.  I love having places like this springing up Downtown.  I'll definitely be back for lunch and to try the beignets--just please update the business hours so others don't show up at 7:00am and walk away, sad and hungry.
What we ordered:. Beignets, shrimp and grits, pancakes, and bacon & eggs. . Atmosphere was great, lots of food, fast service.  Pancakes had a little burnt griddle grease taste.... . Would go back.
Really liked Natalie, the owner of Eat. Servers were very friendly, atmosphere and decor were nice, music was TERRIFIC - lot of Beatles, Rolling Stones, etc - the food was good not great honestly.
What up, Downtown?. . First of all, let's start with the location and restaurant.  Located in the downtown area and within walking distance from the Fremont Experience.  For someone that is not familiar with the area, it can easily be missed since it's literally below some apartments.  Just remember that it's at the corner of Carson & 7th.  The outside and inside brings me back home.  This establishment reminds me of the historic North Park area of San Diego where restaurants, cafes, and stores sit below apartments.  . . I met fellow Yelper Terri R for breakfast and we were both ready to chow down.  The menu is as simple as it gets.  No folding laminated menu, just a one page sheet.  Everything looked good, but I decided on the Smoked Salmon. Yes, fish for breakfast.  Besides, I was going to have eggs for lunch. . . The Smoked Salmon is served with tomatoes, cream cheese, and rye bread.  I have to admit, this is one of the best raw salmons that I've had in a while. Seasoned just right, thinly cut, and not fishy at all.  . . I thought that the staff was as good as it gets.  They were attentive and kept our drinks filled.  The owner was also around making her rounds.  But what I noticed is that she was genuine and sincere with her guests.  One of my biggest pet peeves is when you're in a middle of a conversation and a waiter/waitress interrupts you.  Our waiter was great with his timing and was around when he was needed.  Kudos Eat!!!. . I will definitely be back because there's still more that I need to try.  My only regret...I forgot to try their Beignets.  . . . TIP:  Bring some Quarters for the parking meters outside.
Great unexpected find! The food was really fresh and everything our table had,everyone liked! We got the bignets to share for the table, and they were delicious - tiny pockets of fried dough with powdered sugar on them and delicious dipping sauces. What's not to like? We mostly ordered the eggs (tasted very fresh) different ways, but one person got the pancakes, which he said were very good, and another ordered the grits, which he said were very good. Their roasted potates were very delicious as well.
An unexpected gem in the middle of kind of a rough looking area. Atmosphere is great and food is delicious. Make sure you get the sourdough toast!
Not affiliated with the EAT in Los Angeles, this place was still very good.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak.  It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was seasoned good and was presented good with scratch gravy on top with steaming hot potatoes.  The beef is chuck very well tenderized and it's a thick steak.  Tenderizing a thick steak does require a lot of pounding and I felt that the fat was pounded out of this steak, so it ended up being a bit lean and dry.  More gravy would have fixed this issue.  Sister had the truffled egg croissant.  I tried some of it and didn't get much of the truffle oil.  Bacon was crispy good and the croissant had a good flaky texture. Good service too.
We stopped by for brunch at around 11am on a Sunday. There was no line so we were seated right away by a very prompt hostess.. . The restaurant and its location are both interestingly quirky. The interior and ambience of the restaurant felt fun and inviting. It just feels like a cool place to go have a meal.. . The server was friendly and quick. There was a good variety of dishes to choose from. We ordered some coffees, beignets, oatmeal and some pancakes with sausage. . . The coffee was delicious. There wasn't a trace of bitterness in the coffee. The rest of the food was very good as well. It tasted fresh and well made.. . All in all a delightful place to have a meal. I would definitely go again to try out the other dishes.
Eat is a great breakfast spot off the Strip.  If we lived nearby, it would certainly be a place we'd frequently regularly and I really like the neighborhood feel of the place.  The exterior may not impress you.  It is housed on the first floor of an apartment complex, but they've done charming things to the insides.  Eat has a retro but modern feel and a dividing wall lush with greenery.  . . We started off with the Beignets, which are served with seasonal jam (here, strawberry) and a vanilla mascarpone.  The beignets themselves visibly oily and tough but the vanilla marscapone is wonderful.  The creamy texture and deep vanilla flavor matched really well with the strawberry jam. . . I'm a fan of Mexican breakfasts so I was drawn to the Juevos Montelunos.  Two over easy eggs lay atop a fried corn tortilla and an unexpected but delicious mixture of peas, fetas, and bananas with a yin/yang coverage of a salsa roja and salsa verde.  Roasted potatoes rounded everything off.  This dish isn't truly Mexican - peas? feta instead of cotija? bananas instead of plaintain? But oddly, it does work and it's filling for a vegetarian dish.  . . John's shrimp and grits with bacon was a stunner.  It was a generous portion with thick strips of bacon and plump shrimp.  The sauce on the plate was heavenly, with a spicy, savory kick and creamy grits.  He nursed a cup of the Colorado roasters coffee.  . . It's a breakfast and lunch only place so the mornings are lively.  They brought in a very talented guitar player, with his spin on contemporary songs and really excellent picking skills.
I've never had better pancakes, and I didn't even order the pancakes.. . I ordered the eggs benedict, and though filling, I wish there were more. It was delicious. Melt in your mouth, perfect proportion sauce to food ratio delicious. . . My friend shared with me the most delectable, delightful, fluffy but not too fluffy pancakes EVER. I thought I didn't like pancakes. Apparently other establishments have just served mediocrity. . . I can't wait to go back to try other foods! I wish it was open longer--waking up to trek downtown on Saturday or Sunday morning is not my forte, but it will definitely be worth it to make it happen. Also, super dope bonus points for it being woman of color owned! Yayyuhhh.
Great option for brunch/lunch in the downtown area!. . I first learned about Eat after taking a Downtown Project tour.  After hearing Natalie's story, I was sold on having to check out her restaurant!. . So our team (a group of 5) showed up around 1pm for lunch.  We weren't in the heat of the lunch rush, but there were no tables available, so we waited about 10 minutes for a table to open up for us.. . Everything on their menu looked great, and I was debating between the Grilled Cheese/Tomato Soup and Chicken Pot Pie.  I ended going for the Chicken Pot Pie, which was amazing!  The crust was flaky, and the filling wasn't too liquidy.  The portion was great, and even came with a large side salad.  I finished most of the pot pie because it was so good, but I felt a bit guilty after (but I guess that's why it's comfort food, right?)  I probably should have eaten more of my salad to balance out my meal...oh well.... . Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!
Good food. Good menu. Friendly helpful staff.. .  The chicken pot pie with a fried egg on top was good. Better than average coffee. Clean place. Neighborhood seems a little rough if you're an old lady. But thats cool.. .  It's very loud inside. So loud u can't hear the people sitting across from you. They need to add some soft surfaces to soak up some noise. Cement floors, ceilings, walls. Noise just bounces all over. . . Small complaint tho for a very good ,friendly restaurant.  Burt  recommends it .
Love this place!  But I do wish they had fresh juices with breakfast/ brunch and their lunch menu needs more variety for vegetarians.
Just met Natalie. Like this place!. . The food was decent here but the service, decor and vibe made up for it pushing me to give it a 4 star. . . Natalie is the owner and she is awesome. Probably go back for her and the good tunes.
We came here for lunch since we missed breakfast :/ The food and service was pretty good! We ordered the grilled cheese and the free range pot pie - both were excellent! I would give this place a 5 stars if there was more variety on the menu and it was so loud inside that it was hard to carry a conversation. Other than that, great spot! Definitely give it a try - I would like to come back for breakfast!
It's exactly what we did when we got to this hip brunch joint. Eat!. . I love the name of this place. I'm surprised that it hasn't been used yet!. . My visit was on a Saturday late morning. Very hip downtown vibe, great for couples or friends to meet up for brunch after a late night.. . Their menu focuses on supporting local farmers, making things in-house, and keeping it healthy. There are many unique items that are served here, Mediterranean egg white frittata, truffle egg sandwich, and shrimp & grits, which I'm always curious about. For lunch, what stood out was green chile chicken posole, salads, a Killer grilled cheese sandwich, even banh mi sandwiches! For dessert, shaved iced coffee. Interesting!. . Our breakfast:. . Steel-Cut Oats Cinnamon with roasted apples, cream and sugared pecans. Beignets with jam and vanilla-scented mascarpone. Golden-Brown Pancakes with chicken-apple sausage. . How's the food? It tasted fresh and homemade. The pancakes were the star of this meal. AMAZING! Light, fluffy, and a little buttery crisp on the outside. My boyfriend and son shared the chicken-apple sausage and they loved it. We've had better oatmeal at other places and the beignets didn't have a light airy texture as I was hoping for. . . Service was friendly and efficient. They don't have booths, which we always try to grab to corner in my toddler and their tables were a bit small for the three of us. When we asked if we can use the next table to adjoin to ours, our server said sure, even though I know, being a server previously, that it meant she won't get that table seated. We felt bad and made sure we left a bigger tip to make up for it. . . I do wish they had a more convenient location and a slightly bigger menu. More pancake selections, for sure! That being said, EAT definitely intrigues me to return for more visits when I'm in the area.
If you have ever had a good chicken fried steak then run to 'eat.' for breakfast.  It is  stunning.  All the dishes the table ordered were full flavored and wonderful.  Lisa was taken aback when the waiter said, "she's not going to do that" to a light preparation request for her dish.. . Our server was earnest but not professional.  Not a complaint or disappointment but I mention it only because it slows down the meal which increases your chances of  standing in line waiting for a table.. . So to recap,  if you like your food full flavored search out 'eat' and that would be 4 stars.  If you're a "gravy on the side with dry toast" sort of person don't waist* your time and that would be 1 star.  I'm a lard ass and will be back soon.. . Mike. . *It is a pun.
We had a party of 9 visitors except for my niece who lives in Vegas. We had both vaguely heard of some place downtown that had good breakfast.  Searched out EAT. We were not let down!  The staff was friendly and pitched in to handle our casual group of mostly boomers.  I admit my memory is not that good so I'll mention only a couple of items.  One of the guys had the chicken-fried steak and he loved it!  Enough for two if you are a light eater. I had the golden pancakes and I WANT the recipe!  My only disappointment was the chicken sausage.  Please stick with pork sausage or bacon.  Others seemed to really enjoy their dishes.  The food quality is tops. Two things kept me from making this five stars: the coffee had a strange taste and the place is noisy, due to the polished concrete floors and minimalist decor.  But all-in-all I will definitely go back.  We love downtown Vegas and are happy to see progress every time we visit.  Don't forget to EAT!
I don't think the hosts are pulling their weight here. On a busy day they have no idea how long it might take to get a table, if its busy be prepared to wait a while. . . The food is great. The service was great but its so loud.. . The menu looks good, we missed breakfast twice and we had to settle for lunch. The breakfast menu looks to be about as good as it gets in Vegas and for the price its just right. The menu is nothing out of the ordinary on the surface but the details are filled with love. . I got a the roast beef with with blue cheese. The details are the  wild mushrooms, pickled red onions and arugula, It was perfect. I wish I had also had the BLT with avocado, it looked so good, were going to have to go back.  . . The atmosphere is deafening at best, the music is so loud I couldn't hear anyone at my table talking to me.. . I saw some one rating the chicken pot pie, it looked amazing.
My friend and I stopped by this place for brunch on a Sunday. I had heard very good things about this place, so I had to try it! . . I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and we shared a side of pancakes. We had intended to order the beignets, but they were out. I was disappointed until I tried the pancakes. They were the best I have ever had! They were slightly crispy but soft in the middle. I still crave these pancakes and I'm sad that I'm now across the country from them. I highly recommend them. The Shrimp and Grits were very good as well. The jumbo shrimp were seasoned well, and the grits were just perfect. The servings are a good size and the coffee was delicious. I love their big coffee mugs, because I do love my coffee. Our server was great! She was attentive, friendly and always there when we needed her.. . This is a place that I plan on visiting again, when I'm in Vegas.
After living down the street for the entire six months that eat has been open, my wife and I finally made it in there for brunch today. It was pretty good, with some hiccups.. . First, food and drink. My wife was accidentally brought an iced tea instead of coffee. That turned out to be a good thing, because the iced tea is awesome - I ended up drinking more of it than the pop that I actually ordered.. . After a bit of a wait after ordering (the place was almost at capacity but there were a handful of tables free), our breakfast arrived - beignets for my wife and chicken fried steak for me. The beignets were good if a bit doughy. My wife said they were better with the jam. I assume they're made from Cafe du Monde mix since there's a box of it on display behind the counter - I'd rather see them make them in-house.. . We both thoroughly enjoyed the sourdough buttered toast, eggs and "smashed" potatoes that came with my chicken fried steak. The gravy was more flavorful than other places I've had it (which is a lot - I'm on a kick for it lately), and the meat was obviously freshly breaded. But, it was really quite tough! Whomever is back there making it needs to smack it with the tenderizer a LOT more. A LOT MORE. BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF IT. SERIOUSLY.. . At the end of our meal, we got to talk to Chef Nat personally and hear about her plans for eat's expansion - including the dog-friendly patio outside!. . For me, the experience was more like 3.5 stars - but I'll round up! It's on the high end of "good" with lots of potential to be great. eat doesn't need Downtown Project's money to prop it up - it's strong enough to stand on its own. We will definitely return when the patio opens to give it another try.
Believe the reviews, the food coming out of the kitchen is top notch. Sour dough bread, best I've had anywhere.  The wait staff is friendly and efficient. I would give it 5 but it gets loud, the interior echoes sound, but that's most places, that seems to be consistently overlooked in most restaurants. Just one of my pet peeves, don't let it stop u from going here. U won't be disappointed if u do.
Great spot! We go here for brunch all the time. Service can be slow and forgetful at times, but the food is always solid. The live music can be too loud, but it is still definitely the best brunch place downtown. The beignets and pancakes are always great.
Best Pancakes I have ever had..... . I could eat their pancakes without any syrup....it just melted in my mouth, and I would go back here (before 11AM) just for the pancakes.. . The place reminds me of CowFish (in Charlotte, NC), so the atmosphere is pretty cool.  It is in a strange location in terms of the area, but do not be fooled, it is very nice on the inside.. . Never had a chance to get lunch here, but I see no need for that, as I have already found their superstar menu item.
I've been here twice and gotten the free range chicken sandwich with their homemade chips. The food is amazing and the ambience is really cool. The last time I was there, there was a live band and it was a lot of fun. The only downside I  see is that they are only open for breakfast and lunch.
After three tries, decided it was time for the review. Overall, very positive experience, I dig the place and wish them well.. . Atmosphere: at 7th and Carson, the location may turn some off or make it tough to find, but it's really not too far off the beaten path.  Although you may be pretty close to the other tables, the walls are all window so it gives a more open appearance.  The tables may be close for comfort for some, but I'm fine with it.   BONUS: Sunday brunch had an excellent jazz band.  I suspect it may be a bit loud if right next to them, but from the back it was fine.. . Food: This is a modern southern style of food.  I've been for breakfast twice and brunch. I work far away so I can't comment on lunch.  We've had the Beignets: Maybe a bit doughy, but the jams and mascarpone are great.  Their verson of benedict was nice.  My favourite is the oft mentioned Shrimp and Grits.  The shrimp is delicate and mixes surprisigly well with the butter/bacon egg combo.    In an entire bit of constructive criticism, I do hope that the menu changes a little bit for the seasons, ans the somewhat heavier food served here may not be too appetizing in the summer.. . I have to mention the pancakes,, not a fan of pancakes, but these were excellent.  Just enough crisp without burn, no doughiness and tasty enough without the syrup.. . Service: Everyone s prety positive. You can see there is some occasionall hecticness when the kitchen gets slammed, but doesn't generally show.  One can tell a good camarederie from the staff.  I'm not personally a fan of service by committee so there are occasional miscommunications, but they are very well staffed so generally you are taken care of.. . Bravo, definitely a nice treat when I get to stay in and hang around my downtown for breakfast.  Looking forward to lunch sometime.
Great experience. Had a BLT the size of my head. Friendly staff. Quietly tucked away on 7th & Carson, so not easily found, but worth the search :-)
I would have given it 5-Stars if it were in a better location - you know, where you're not quite so worried about your car being molested.  At any rate, the food was fantastic.  One of the best benedict arrangements I've ever had.  My wife seriously enjoyed the pancakes, eggs and bacon.  The menu had a nice variety of items and based on our observations of other tables (and their reactions) it is all really good.  They have done a very nice job a rehabilitating the facility (built into the first floor of a functioning apartment building) and it's all clean and tasteful.  The staff was very attentive and the coffee was outstanding.  I'm sure we'll make it down there (from Henderson) at least once a month for breakfast.
We went a few weekends ago with a fairly large group (6) and I am happy to report that the venue lived up to the considerable hype it has generated in the short time it has been opened. Although they were very busy the staff was friendly and accommodating. We all shared the beignets and they were great - an unusual menu item that stacked up the ones I've had at Cafe du Monde (sp) in New Orleans. For my main entree I went with the shrimp and grits and was very happy with my choice. The sauce, consistency and seasoning was a great blend of savory and spice. I was pleasantly surprised to find bacon strip buried at the bottom! Topped with an egg that you can break up and mix - this is a dish I will order again. There is a good selection of teas and coffee - which I had to top off the breakfast.
I saw this place featured in a spread in Sunset magazine and that's when I began looking for good ole Yelp reviews to confirm Sunset's accolades. Turns out Yelpers love this place, and why wouldn't they? . . The location is off the beaten path, just in the outskirts of Fremont street situated on the corner of an obscure corner of LV.  We walked to the restaurant from the Golden Nugget and we were second guessing our sense of direction. However, when we saw a line and more people heading toward the corner we knew we had reached our destination.  . . The wait was a litttttle on the ridiculous side. But, we were finally seated and the waiter was really nice and friendly. Everything we ordered was delicious. The first round of coffee was blegh, but they redeemed themselves on the second round.. . Don't expect to get your mimosa fix at the restaurant though, no alcohol served.
Yay for birthday lunches!  Today a bunch of us came to Eat to celebrate my birthday.  I was excited because I've heard some amazing things about this place.  . . The one thing that I loved about this place was the fresh, bistro type atmosphere.  You walk in and you're taken to a very upscale and trendy, yet casual bistro.  I love the simple decor and color scheme.  The servers were really nice.  They would come by and strike up genuine conversations.  There was a situation where the server was a little irritated when we wanted to pay with more than 3 credit cards (it says it on the menu).  As a former server, I can see why they've made that rule, however, you should not let your customers see your irritation if an exception needs to be made.. . For lunch, I got the roast beef sandwich for $13.  This sandwich has blue cheese, wild mushrooms, pickled red onions, arugula & mayo on ciabatta bread.  The next time I get this sandwich (and there will be a next time), I will get it without the pickled red onions.  It was just too tangy and had a strong vinegar taste.  I appreciate the dynamic of the sandwich, however, it was a little too overpowering in my opinion.  The ciabatta was brushed with butter and grilled.  Nice touch!  For my side, I decided to get the potato salad....and the chips.  Yes, I had to get both.  First, the homemade chips are AH-MAZE-ING.  Sprinkled with a great seasoning, the chips were on point and super crispy.  The potato salad is just your average salad.  Small chunks of potatoes.  . . All in all, I'm such a fan of this place!  I love the fact that this place is part of the downtown revitalization and I can tell this will be a thriving business downtown, which makes me super excited to return.  Get your butt down there and try it out!
The wife and I have gone to "eat" a few times now... Food's great, ambience is Portlandesque, and service is solid. Nice place to take visitors to Vegas on Sunday mornings. We went by this last weekend and they had live music which was a little loud for our taste, but they were accommodating by letting us sit outside which was awesome. Advice: The Benedict with a short stack on the side should be ordered with regularity.
What a great place to eat in downtown Vegas.  We decided to avoid having the breakfast buffet at our hotel and decided to put Yelp to the test and found this little gem.  Mind you it's in an area of downtown that is going through revitalization so do not let that stop you from eating here.. . Staff was pleasant, food yummy BUT the portions are deceiving so SHARE! We got crazy and ordered the beignets (Smear them with the yummy mascaprone they serve on the side) and breakfast plates for each of us. UGH , too much and I was so glad that we were walking back to the hotel.
A few friends and I took a quick trip to Vegas and stayed at the Golden Nugget.  We found this place on Yelp and after reading some great reviews, decided to try it out the morning we were heading out of town.  What a great spot!  Its hip, has a great vibe, awesome decor (super simple, a little industrial, very clean) and very friendly staff. Service was prompt and the food arrived quickly. I ordered the egg white frittata which was super light, fluffy, full of delicious spinach, basil, and just the right amount of feta and kalamata olives.  My friends ordered the shrimp and grits which were heavenly and the Huevos Motulenos which was hearty and delicious with a red sauce reminiscent of mole.  Prices are very reasonable and the high quality of the ingredients is evident.  I wish this place existed in Seattle. I'll definitely visit eat the next time I'm in Vegas.
I really enjoyed this downtown eatery.  We arrived fairly early on a sunday and did not have to wait too long for a table.  Seems to get pretty busy during the late morning and lunch hours.  It was surprisingly nice considering it was below some ghetto apartments.  Also, there was live music that day.  The shrimp and grits is a must!
The huevos motulenos are not your typical huevos rancheros brunch dish!  I couldn't stomach sauteed sweet bananas mixed in with peas and feta cheese, but once I removed the banana, the dish was delicious!   Very down-to-earth crowd and vibe, a good respite from the glitz of The Strip.
I love me some gourmet breakfast and this place delivers the goods. We found this place thanks to yelp, not on the strip and way downtown.  We were lucky to come on a weekday, we were seated right away.  We started with the beignets, fluffy goodness.  My husband went with the chicken fried steak and I was lucky to find huevos motulenos on the menu.  Almost as good as the ones in Mexico if only it had plantains and not regular bananas.  The coffee was also very good, served pipping hot.  We will be back again, the place is a welcomed change from buffets and casino cafes.
I love the small local businesses downtown and farm to table food. Eat has a great menu for lunch and breakfast. The only thing that kills me is I always manage to arrive at 11 am, just missing breakfast. The turnover from breakfast to lunch can take up to half an hour. The wait is too long if you only have a short lunch break. Just serve the entire menu all the way through. Then again the kitchen may not be appropriate to accomadate that many options. . . Anyways aside from that, pleasant staff and great food. Cool vibe too.. Eat at Eat!!
Stopped by eat on a Tuesday late in the afternoon, about 1:45.  The place was about half full, but most of that was a large group that pushed together 3 tables in the middle of the place.  It's not huge, but has a patio which seemed nice, although I ate inside the restaurant.  . . Service was very quick.  I had the shrimp po boy.  I'll say, I was excited to try the chicken fried steak.  I had heard great things and was the reason I went.  But, they stop serving breakfast at 11:00 or so.  So, that was a disappointment.  . . I was fortunate, because the po boy was excellent.  The ciabatta was maybe the softest version of this roll I've ever eaten.  Despite this, it held up to the toppings.  It wasn't overflowing with shrimp, but you got shrimp in about 85% of the bites.  The veggies were crisp and fresh, and the sauce was spicy.  They should bottle it, it added so much.  The homemade potato chips were good, but nothing to write home about.. . Overall, very cool atmosphere.  Friendly people and a great lunch.  I'll have to get downtown earlier to try the CFS for breakfast...
Eat is a relatively new restaurant in the downtown area, I asked several local / hotel types for info and no one I had asked had heard of it, strange..  On to the food, I ordered  the bacon and eggs , it was very tasty and the freshly sliced wheat bread was thick and delicious , no problems at all with quality of food, however the prices seemed a bit high for what you get, (in the 14 dollar range) which I thought was several dollars over priced compared to what other breakfast stops in the area offer, also the 8 am opening time seemed like mid day for several east coast diners waiting for open along with me. Enjoy Vegas - Stay in the Sunlight"
Let's Eat!. Stopped into Eat after running the Bubble Run with my wife and her cousin and family. Being that this was a Saturday morning the place was already busy and the runners added even more to the crowd. We had about a half hour wait but didn't mind. . Once all seven of us were seated our orders were taken quickly. My wife and I ordered three entrees between the two of us. What can I say, we wanted to try it all. We ordered the Eggs Benedict, Country Fried Steak, and Huevos Motulenos. Everything was extremely tasty. Eggs Benedict was good, The Chicken Fried Steak was pretty good, the highlight being the potatoes, and the Huevos Motulenos was amazing. The Chile sauce on top was excellent. It had to be homemade with that rich smokey flavor. I haven't had peas and bananas go so good together since I was weened off of Gerber. Just a really great combo of sweet, savory, and spicy mixed in with egg yolk. Yum!. One star deduction because our server was slightly less than pleasant, perhaps from the business, but that shouldn't be a factor especially when business equates to more tips. Anyway, good fun meal. I wish nothing but future success to Natalie Young and crew.
My boyfriend surprised me with a visit to Eat today. I though the atmosphere was really cute and chic. The service was prompt and friendly. Everyone dining there seemed to be in good spirits. I was a little disappointed in the fact that breakfast was over. Ok, I understand that it was already 1pm but breakfast all day should be the way to go..  I was torn between the salad selection and the free range chicken sandwich. . My Boyfriend ordered the BLT. When the food arrived we each shared a half. The BLT was the far better sandwich, although I thought the bread was a little over buttered. The free range ciabatta was bland tasting in comparison, not to mention the soggy ciabatta. Which really disappointed me because I was longing for that crisp addicting crunch factor..  I will be back to try the breakfast.
First time visiting this restaurant and I was very impressed with "almost everything." I ordered their lobster eggs benedict with avocado, spinach, and asparagus. My other family members ordered their flubby pancakes, and another order of the beautiful banana foster french toast. Quality in ingredients all the way, and it was obvious as soon as you read the menu. The ambiance makes you feel as if you have been transported to Portland, OR. I enjoyed it very much! My only complaint was the temperature of my eggs benedict; because of the lobster and avocado, it cooled the eggs and it tasted as if they were coming directly fromt the refrigerator. Temperature control needs to be applied to their food before bringing it to the table. Overall, I will definitely go back and even send friends right over. It's about time we had restaurants like these in Las Vegas, and not your average food franchises that are found all over the nation. Thank you Eat for bringing ambiance and quality to Las Vegas!!
We walked over from the Golden Nugget, it was 1/2 mile away.Nice walk down a dilapidated part of Vegas. But once we reached EAT it was all worth it. I had some tasty breakfast. . . 1.)**Huevos Motulenos Two eggs over easy with red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta and sauteed bananas on corn tortilla. . 2.)Made-to-Order Beignets Seasonal jam and vanilla-scented mascarpone. 3.)Chicken Fried Steak Two eggs (any style), country gravy, smashed potatoes and toast. 4.)Golden-Brown Pancakes Chicken-apple sausage and pure maple syrup. . All the guys seemed happy and full when we left. I like EAT and will be back next time I visit Vegas.
Every dish here is great. I love trying the specials, they're always different and tasty from Chef Natalie's reinterpretation of comfort foods. The staff is nice, even when they're busy. The coffee could be better.  My only complain is that it's so darn loud in there. The acoustic is awful there for some reason. Maybe once the patio open it'll provide a quieter forum to sit.
Went here for lunch and was blown away by their sandwiches. I must admit while roaming the area looking for the restaurant, the neighborhood had a "character" that almost made me turn around. I mean I like your average barefoot, toothless, bearded guy as much as the next gal, but maybe not joining me to grab a bite.. My friends tenacity prevailed and we found eat, once inside we were glad we had stayed on course. The ambiance is great! Think modern, casual, and fun. Service was prompt and knowledgable. We ordered the posole soup to share as a starter. It was great, the broth was flavorful and it came with all the traditional garnishes and was chock full of yummy hominy. For lunch he had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and I had the arugula salad. The salad was meh, but I ordered wrong. If you come here you MUST get a sandwich! Let me repeat MUST.  The grilled bread is insane, like you take a moment before you devour because it is so perfect. Get any sandwich, any, and you will be happy.. Needless to say, I'll be back, and order like a pro.
Cool place live music kinda got that hipster vibe, whatever the hell those are.
My sister and I had lunch here 5/24/13, it was very good.  I had the Chicken Posole and side salad. The soup was absolutely the best tasting soup I've ever had - ever! My sister had the Tomato & Grilled Cheese combo - these were good also.  . . It was pretty loud in there, at times hard to hold a conversation.  Some people say good for kids, but I disagree, seating was close together and no softness to keep the noise levels down.. . Wait staff was great and helpful.  The location is off, but the food is worth it for sure! I will be back next time I'm in town, hoping to make it for breakfast!!
Great little place! Ive been here twice already for lunch.  Simple tasty menu with great service.  Either try to go early or after the lunch rush.  I would say the downfall of coming here is the parking. Bring quarters!
Hit up Eat on a Tuesday morning after Punk Rock Bowling and it's a well deserved 4 stars - wish I could have given them 5 but they pulled a boner in my book.. . Really nice looking place - modern/industrial look.  Solid breakfast menu with American and Mexican items - everything was around the $8 - $12 range.  My brother got the chicken friend steak and I ordered the chilaquiles. The food came out quick and it was excellent.. . Now, I have to start off with the fact that if you're looking for traditional chilaquiles you're going to be disappointing, luckily the menu was pretty clear what I'd be getting so I knew what to expect.  A few things that you could call non-traditional -  they used cheddar cheese (not cotija or fresca), they poured the salsa on the chips, the chips aren't cooked in the salsa, and finally they topped it off with a big old turkey sausage! . . So you're probably thinking why I'd give 4 stars to this abomination???  Because it was delicious and it filled me up - what more can you ask for?  The chips were good and held up on their own, even without the salsa.  The salsa was delicious!  Spicy but not too hot - just enough to help with the mild hangover.  The eggs were nice and fluffy and they served a good amount of them.  The Sausage was a little on the sweet side, but still really good.. . I tried a little bit of my brothers chicken fried steak.  The breading was nice and thick and tasted amazing.  The steak was a really thick cut - none of that thin milanesa type steak.  The home fries were top notch - nice and crispy on the outside and light on the inside.. . Oh & the coffee was excellent as well.. . So what was the boner move?  They brought the check about 5 minutes after the food hit the table - I hate that...  I don't care if they say "no rush" I still hate it.  Other then that the service was good, they checked on us a couple of times, coffee cup never went empty.. . I'll definitely be back next time I'm in downtown for breakfast.
WOW, the shrimp & grits were amazing! The ambience was also creative & the decorations were on point. . . This place made me happy in so many ways. To see a place like this in my hometown finally pop up reminded me that despite whatever difficulties the city's going through, new things are happening all the time. . . The only thing stopping me from five stars was my waitress. She was a bit snarky, and as much as I loved this place, hindered my experience.
We stumbled upon Eat while waiting for our Neon Museum tour and took a chance with its very nondescript exterior.  The decor and ambience inside were a pleasant surprise.  The food was very good.  We had the herbed eggs benedict, the eggs, bacon and grits and the waffles.  I would definitely order the benedict again.. . The only negative thing was that our waiter was not so friendly or even prompt.  The hostess ended up rescuing us with taking our drink order before he even stopped by.  Someone else brought our food and I cannot recall him ever speaking to us.  . . I realize anyone can have a bad day and overall it was a good experience.  We will be back.
Eat. is as straight-to-the-point as its name implies, and there's nothing wrong with that.. . To start, parking is a little limited since it's on the corner of Carson and 7th. This isn't a complaint (not the restaurant's fault) so much as it is a warning; be sure to bring change for a meter.. . The restaurant has a nice, friendly atmosphere, described as "retro-chic" in an article I read about it when it first opened up.That's a pretty good description. I'm not any kind of interior design expert (which is why I stole the term from some local magazine article), so I'll just leave the decor at that. I should probably add that "retro-chic" apparently doesn't reach for any overt style associated with a specific decade. In other words, this place isn't art-deco or mod or anything like that; it's as comfortable and down-home as it should be, which is good! It's a small joint but it wasn't totally packed when we came in.  I think we just missed the breakfast crowd though, it began filling up again while we ate.. . With that out of the way: the coffee, to paraphrase Dale Cooper, is damn good. It is good enough to drink as black as midnight on a moonless night. We all (unless you're one of those weirdos that don't like coffee) know that this is important for any breakfast/lunch spot. The food itself is also delicious.. . On my first visit: we started with beignets to share for the group. They come with a delicious vanilla mascarpone and equally delicious jam.  I'd recommend spreading both on your beignet, it's like your mouth dies and goes to heaven! The beignets are fluffy, light pastries, and, just as they should be, made to order. You won't regret getting them.. . I had their benedict on my first visit, since we were there in time for breakfast. In short, it was freaking awesome; so good, in fact, that I couldn't stop myself from using hyperbole in my description of it. The hollandaise sauce had just the right amount of tang; the spinach and tomato tasted fresh; the eggs were perfect; and the turkey bacon had just the right amount of crispness. I also had their pancakes which are light and fluffy, just as a pancake should be. I don't eat pancakes very often so I'm probably not a good judge, but these were very satisfying. If I was feeling more adventurous that day, I would have gotten the huevos motulenos, but that's why I plan on coming for breakfast again. . On my second visit, I had their free-range chicken sandwich since it was lunch time.  It comes on ciabatta bread served with greens, mozzarella and pesto spread. Again, the ingredients tasted fresh and flavorful, but the pesto really made the sandwich. It's a good light meal, and the home made potato chips that came with it are something special. I'd recommend coming to lunch early if you're interested in the pot pie - my friend was going to get it but we were told they only make a limited amount per day so she had to order something else. . . My main complaint is that the service I've received on both visits was "okay" at best, but not at all anything to write home about.
Went to lunch with a co-worker around 11:30 am and were immediately seated.  Loved the 'warehouse' decor.  We decided to order the chicken sandwich and the BLT and each take half.  The fee range chicken was on ciabatta bread and delicious.  The homemade potato chips and crispy pickle were perfect sides.  The BLT was served on Texas sized yummy grilled bread with avocado.  Our server was prompt and attentive.  My only complaint was that the lively crowd and polished concrete floor made it difficult to have a conversation due to the noise level.  But we weren't talking much when our food arrived anyway.. Bottom line...can't wait to be back for breakfast this weekend!
A nice, quiet spot to grab a good breakfast.  We ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and the Huevos Motulenos.  The food and the energy were good.  It is a little hard to find both the restuarant and parking.  Overall, a nice change of pace for a Vegas morning.
Great food! We split an order of beignets to start, they were awesome.  My wife had the shrimp and grits (which coming from the South was a gamble...it paid off) and I had the lox plate (equally as good). Food was filling and the prices were reasonable.. . Great atmosphere.  Owner came up and chatted with us, which I always enjoy.  We will definitely "eat" here again on our next visit to Vegas.
I was in town last week and wanted to try a new place for breakfast so around 11 on saturday i started going through yelp to find something exciting.. . So I thought the storefront looked odd and when i drove by it, the restaurant is underneath either a motel or a bunch of apartments which was even more odd because they were kind of run down.. . So i parked in the metered parking across the street and ran across to check this place out. When you actually walk, its like you're in a different part of town. Inside its clean and new and actually ....nice? Like hipster nice. It was definitely a surprise.. . I sat at the bar and yelp told me to get Huevos Motulenos so i ordered the Huevos Motulenos.. . Which are awesome. There is so much texture and flavor going on in that plate that its really hard to describe.. . It was definitely one of the best breakfasts that i've eaten recently. And because i knew that i wasn't eating anything for a while i ordered a side of pancakes which i thought would be the size of my hand. They weren't. They were the size of my head. So i barely made it out of there alive but i powered it all down like a champ.. . On a side note, i don't know why people go to restaurants like this and just order bacon and eggs and then say "wtf bacon and eggs. I mean..it tastes like bacon and eggs - i can make this at home. What a rip off." If you just want to have a crappy meal like two strips of bacon and an egg, learn to cook and stay home. Go get a 99 cent breakfast burrito from mcdonals or whatever. Don't come in here and wonder why bacon and eggs at a restaurant tasted like bacon and eggs made by everybody everywhere EVER.. . I would definitely come back to eat here again.
The area is a little on the sketchy side but I think it adds to the charm of the restaurant. After a short jaunt down Carson street, we turned a corner and I felt like I was back in downtown Sacramento. The restaurant is corky and trendy, and has a really fun feel. I ordered the arugula salad and my friend had the egg Benedict with turkey bacon. So good! And the service was obscenely fast! It's like they already knew what we wanted before we even walked in. Planned on visiting this restaurant again the next day but they close at 2:00 on Sundays... boo. This place in Vegas, isn't that when people just wake up?
Decent brunch food, very friendly service.. . Shrimp and grits!. - plain grits (not cheesy or flavorful on it's own) in a light broth that tasted slightly like the sauteed shrimp. Eggs were nice and runny just how I like. the shrimp was the star of the dish.  it was a little garlicky, a little smokey, and quite juicy.  however it only came with 6 pieces.. . Shrimp po boy.  - Yummy shrimp with a bit of heat, with crispy bread and a pickle and veggies in the middle. the potato salad that came with it was very plain. there was super salty chip stuck in the middle of it. Weird how some thing have flavors and others don't. . Service was great!  I felt very well taken care of and the staff was very nice. . The food itself was OK and just a little bit above average overall (i would say 3.5 stars), however due to great service i'd have to give this place a 4 due to awesome service!  maybe next time i'll wake up early for their breakfast!
I have yet to find a great breakfast restaurant in town until I ate at Eat!  Everything a breakfast lover would want with a big emphasis on freshness.  Chef Young did a great job with a funky space that has had a line for tables which is a testament to the execution and wholesomeness at Eat.  Lunch is great too with great salads and sandwiches and make sure to try the Posole!  It is absolutely delicious!  I am a fan and can't wait to go back!
A hidden gem just outside of Las Vegas - on the floor level of all things - a motel!  A little seedy from the outside, but that all dissipated when you walk through the door into a modern, chic diner.   They don't take reservations, but come early to avoid the wait.  We got there just before eleven on a Saturday and were able to be seated right away.  There was a bit of a wait (in 100+ heat!) by the time we left.. . On to the food - in order of yumminess, BOLDs are HIGHLY recommended:. . GRILLED CHICKEN SANDWICH on ciabatta - This was the highlight of the meal.  Stuffed with tomato and arugula, - warm, tasty, andfresh.  I would definitely recommend this.. . BIEGNETS - SO yummy!!!  Probably best to share, since they really are just donuts, but so soft and warm, and perfect with the jam and cream.. . SHRIMP AND GRITS - This was really good.  I can't even explain it - it really just looks like a bowl of runny grits with shrimp, but the flavor was superb. . . Huevos montunlenos - I know these are a big hit on Yelp, but maybe I'm just not a Mexican breakfast type of person.  I recognize that these had a good, spicy flavor with the salsa and tortillas cooked in, but just not my cup of tea.  Now, if you LOVE your Mexican breakfast, go for it!. . Tomato soup - I agree with the other reviews - really salty.  We initially had wanted the tomato salad, but were told they were out and only had the soup, which we settled for.  Oh well.. . All in all, a great meal.  My dad still talks about it weeks later.  Street parking was not too difficult.  And it's just down the street from where they shoot Pawn Stars, so you can spend a little time walking off your food perusing there!  :)   (did I just embarrass myself by admitting we watch that show so much that we recognized the shop driving by?)
Great experience here with good food and great service. Portion sizes are big and our food was great.  Pancakes with the chicken apple sausage was really good.  Definetly will be back.
Stopped off here before we headed to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North which is very close by.  . . It's sort of in this strange neighborhood and there were barely any cars around.  However, when you get inside, this place is packed and bustling.  . . We ended up sitting at the bar, which was great!  Everyone was very nice to us and we had great service during our entire meal. . . My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak which is ginormous.  You can probably feed about 2-3 people with that dish.  It was heavy but yummy!  . . I ordered the oatmeal to be healthy and it was huge!  Portion sizes seem to be pretty large here.  It was really good as it was topped with some cinnamon roasted apples.  I didn't have to sweeten the oatmeal at all because it was so good. . . My friend ordered pancakes which were amazing!  The pancakes were light and fluffy and just delicious!  It's on my list to order next time.  . . We also ordered the beignets which I was slightly disappointed about.  I think I've had the ones at Disneyland way too much and nothing can come close to those.  These were decent but just not how I like them which are soft and just melt in your mouth yummy with all the powdered sugar on top. . . There are a ton of other things I want to try on their menu but since I don't live in Las Vegas it looks like I would only be able to eat here whenever we go to the outlets.  It's now on my must stop list for Vegas. . . I also loved their wheat toast!!  You must be thinking that toast is toast but here the toast is fresh, light, fluffy and thick and it's toasted on their griddle.  One word to describe it ... Yummy.  If you like toast, you have to try that here.   . . You have to come with an empty stomach because you will leave completely full.  Great stop for lunch or brunch!!!
Went on a Saturday for lunch and it was pretty full with about a 10-15 min wait. Food and service were good. I tried the chicken fried steak. The steak was overdone to the point that the meat around the sides was crispy but the gravy was delicious. Lots of interesting items on the menu that I plan to try next time we go.. . The space is nice with an open kitchen you can see right into. Downside is that it's quite noisy.
Great find on Yelp! Got there 5 mins before closing and was served by super friendly staff. Menu is healthy and portions sensible. No alcohol license for those of you needing a beer in the 100 degree heat.
A cute and trendy breakfast/lunch restaurant located in the outskirts of the somewhat-slummy downtown area. . . TRUFFLED EGG SANDWICH http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?userid=U-7EVbeRf1wlSZfHW_gujQ#89ck0IaaJcdWxLw8LN26OQ. Two farm-fresh scrambled eggs with wild mushrooms, chives, feta, bacon, & smashed potatoes.. Simple, but delicious. This dish combined a handful of my favorite things into one awesome plate! A safe and delicious way to start the day.. . CHILAQUILES SCRAMBLED EGGS http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?userid=U-7EVbeRf1wlSZfHW_gujQ#2ZQaZpUqImZL3HCFe80DMQ . Scrambled eggs, Turken jalapeno mango sausage, corn tortilla, aged cheddar, red & green New Mexican chili.. Smokey and flavorful. This is a bold and daring dish, which I'd highly recommend to adventerous eaters. I love spice, so this was perfect for me.. . VERDICT. When in the DT area, this is a place to go. It's a great breakfast / lunch option fo'sho. And much better than the casinos/hotels. I will definitely return on my next visit to LV.
We were staying at Main Street Station, so this was a simple 3/4 mile walk.  Coming from Reno, we're not huge on casino food, and I was intrigued by this restaurant, trying to contribute to the re-development of the downtown area.. . We had the beignets (delicious pillows of light, fluffy flavor, with just the right amount of sweet), and I ended up getting the huevos motulenos (an interesting mix of peas, feta, egg, black beans, salsa etc on corn tortillas), while the GF got a grilled cheese. The GF liked it - inch-thick pieces of sourdough, with generous amounts of cheese, and there was definitely that nice blend of buttery, grilled toast, contrasted by the almost gooey cheese.. . Definitely worth checking out if you're staying in downtown Vegas.
Stumbled across this place on Yelp while trying to find a brunch spot Downtown. Thank you Yelp!. . Staff was friendly and very accommodating...we were a large party of 11, and most of the tables are set for 2-4 but they still managed to seat us in under 30 mins.. . We had missed the breakfast menu, although a lot of their items are still available for lunch. Had the chicken, mozzarella sammy that was very tasty and filling along with their homemade potato chips and an AMAZING pickle. I kid you not I tried stealing all the pickles on the plates around me. The potato chips are perfect to munch on too, I ended up eating mine and part of a side order someone else ordered. . . eat. is the perfect spot after a night of being out late and drinking too much on the Strip. Dark roast coffee to wake you up (YES!), friendly attentive staff, delicious food you can't stop eating...From here on out this may be our new spot to hit as we leave Vegas instead of chowing down at an overpriced buffet.
Ummmm yes please!! The Blt was literally amazing, the service was fantastic and the homemade chips??? Delicious. Definitely check this place out!!
Great food,  great service,  great concept.  Watch out could be trend setting!
We're visiting from the SF Bay Area and a friend recommended eat. We shared an order of beignets and the chicken fried steak breakfast, and there were still leftovers. Food cooked perfectly, attentive, cheerful and funny waitress. We'll be back.
Eat is a neighborhood restaurant tucked away in downtown Vegas with a great, friendly atmosphere.  Some excellent dishes.  Some mediocre dishes.  But it's a little hit or miss on the customer service.  . . I love this place and I love that it's located downtown.  Finally, a great brunch and lunch spot in the 89101.  Finally, a neighborhood place not catering to Southern California tourists.  It's awesome.  It's friendly.  And it's become so well-known that it can be tough to get a seat.  . . The lunch menu is solid--great sandwiches and salads. The grilled cheese is excellent with thick Texas toast style bread and sharp cheddar.  Simple and awesome.  Nice fresh tomato salad on the side.  The roast beef sandwich is also tasty.  Fresh and thin roast beef with bright blue cheese on perfect bread.. . For brunch, there's a lot of excellent options and some that just miss the mark.  The eggs benedict is delicious.  The chicken fried steak was decent, but not brilliant--more of a kitschy choice but not particularly well done.  The main disappointment is . the huevos rancheros dish.  It's an awkward attempt at culinary creativity with peas and sauteed bananas mixed into the savoriness of eggs and rancheros sauce.. . This place has an excellent, inviting atmosphere. In a downtown focused on daytime business and nighttime drinking, it's a nice spot for the locals.  A spot to meet and spend time connecting with people.  And there's a charming porch to sit on when it's not baking hot outside.. . If there's a main setback, it's that Eat can't handle the lunch rush that happens Mon-Fri.  There's so few great food options in downtown Vegas that Eat is crowded every day.  If you're coming for lunch, prepare to wait.  And try to keep the number of your party to 2 people.  The hostesses have a hard time figuring out how to seat parties larger than 2 in an efficient way.  Know this going in and you'll have a great time.. . Bottom line: 4.5 stars for the excellent atmosphere, friendly service, and generally solid menu.  Minus one star for occasionally cranky customer service, long waits at lunch, and some mediocre dishes.
I'm like a pig in s*** when a new place opens up downtown for lunch.  Granted, this place isn't BRAND new but still, I was one happy girl!  First off, location can't get better. There's plenty of parking which saves me a headache.  Unlike Le Thai or that awful "La Comida," you don't have to walk several blocks. The decor is adorable and the music is awesome. Just an all around great atmosphere and the staff is super friendly.. . Now to the food- This place has the BEST chicken caesar salad in town!  Its amazing...sliced chicken breast, shaved parmigiano, real bread croutons, and a tasty dressing. The arugula salad is a close second. Chef Nat's version of the shrimp po boy is delicious as well.  Its healthier than a real po boy (Lola's still has the best) but its definitely legit.  And let's not forget the green chili chicken posole.  Its a MUST try!  I'm latin and love a good posole and Nat's version is pretty f****** amazing!  Oh yes, and last but not least, the passion fruit iced tea!  Love.. . I'd give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for one thing.  They supposedly do not take rezzies.  Funny, every time I walk in I see "reserved" signs on several tables. Its quite annoying but I take a sip of the yummy iced tea and all is quickly forgiven. :)
Great food.  I had eggs(over easy), bacon and potatoes,  All of which were delish...but my favorite was the sourdough toast....OMG soooo yummmy.  I did have a few bites of my friends pancakes and they were also good.  they has a crispy edge that was so amazing.
Thanks to Yelp again for allowing me to try a delicious restaurant that I would have never found otherwise. This place was the perfect cure for the night after a long Vegas night.The decor is so cute and modern....very hipster in a good way. I had the oddest breakfast...the huevos with red and green chili served over black beans, peas, tortillas and....feta and....banana?!?!?! It sounds so weird, but it was exceedingly delicious. Sweet, spicy, and savory...perfect food. The BF got the pancakes, which were delicious, but was too hungover to eat them (!), he took about 6 bites and then I insisted we take the pancakes back home all the way to AZ...and they were still good! The coffee was also good....it just was overall awesome. I will definitely be back!
Reminiscent of Lou Mitchell's in Chicago. Fabulous fluffy pancakes, crispy edges. Serves REAL MAPLE SYRUP. Served with a tasty apple chicken sausage. Great tacky neighborhood joint.....friendly, bustling !!!!!!!!!!. Hot, full bodied coffee......constantly being refilled !!!!!!!!!!!!!~. I haven't tried anything else YET !!!!!
VERY VERY good brunch restaurant! We went around 11am and were seated immediately. I ordered a ciabatta with egg, feta, bacon and a side of potatoes. The ciabatta, egg, feta, bacon sandwich was SOOO DELICIOUS.  The potatoes were good too.  Food came out quickly and service was very nice.. . Nothing much to look at from the outside (some random motel), but full of character and good food inside.. . 4.5 stars!. . Would DEFINITELY COME AGAIN!
On 07/05/2013, my fiance, BFF Lily L., and I came here for brunch. It seemed busy for a Friday, but we were sat immediately by a very friendly staff member! The atmosphere is cozy and the decor is fun. We started with waters and their Colorado River Roasters fresh-brewed coffee. Crazy fact: I don't enjoy coffee. I don't hate it, but after I quit it cold turkey in 2007, I never went back. I've had a cup here and there, but can't find satisfaction in the bitterness or after-taste. This Colorado River Roasters coffee? SO good. I drank it black with just a sprinkle of raw sugar and it was delicious.. . Plus, the coffee went deliciously with their housemade Beignets. Oh, these beignets were good. Lily and I are huge beignet fans and these did not disappoint. They were served with housemade jam and vanilla-scented mascarpone. YUM! For entrees, Lily and I shared the special of the day: BBQ Pulled Pork Hash (tender pork, good BBQ sauce, delicious breakfast potatoes, and beautifully poached eggs on toast) and Shrimp and Grits (perfectly cooked shrimp, creamy grits, thick bacon, fried over-easy eggs, and pico de gallo). My fiance had the Golden-Brown Pancakes served with chicken apple sausage and maple syrup. He was super happy with the pancakes and for good reason, they were some of the best pancakes I've had. . . Everything was delicious, but those Shrimp and Grits were out of this world. It had a crazy amount of "soup" with it that seemed out of place (I've seen photos of that dish without the soup), but it still worked. Throwing the bacon and eggs in there was a very good call. I wasn't crazy about the hash dish, but I wouldn't complain about eating it again. Ether way, I can't wait to try some of their other menu selections. Oh, and our server was crazy nice and super awesome! Overall, wonderful experience!
Eat. Yum! Try to go as much as I can since it has opened. I love the place and love that it's downtown. Think I've tried something new each time and always impressed. Those beignets ah and the grill cheese.. Perfect early morning weekend place-  its good food!
You wouldn't expect Rex Marvin to know about renaissance. Why is that? Because you know Rex. You know the Rex that considers swallowing the throw up in a strangers mouth after a night of drinking to be "Rex's hair of the dog."  You're welcome, by the way...no one ever says thank you. It is just a stunned look, screaming and then deep guttural sobbing.  Rex gives the greatest gift you can ask for and this is the way your react...babies.  You know Rex...the Rex that after an underground dog race will gladly spit shine his blade before cutting off the back of a deadbeat's neck skin. Not the front. Not with a dirty blade. No. The back so he can grow a mullet, and spit shine so the blade looks clean...but we know isn't.  You know the Rex that when first showed the world how to Twerk during a gasoline soaked meth seizure...Rex means pre-planned dance move done half naked on fire in the parking lot of a Smith's while screaming his patented twerk anthem "dear God just let Rex die!"  You know...THAT Rex.  For some reason the small minded of you don't see that as a renaissance man.  To all of you that feel that way, prepare to feel that way with no back neck skin, MUTANTS!!!. . Well, Rex is clearly a man who knows about renaissance and he can see the renaissance happening in his beloved Downtown.  A place that has given Rex the best experiences that resulted in crabs, losing a kidney, or being beaten mercilessly by a midget pimp holding an oversized bust of Gabe Kaplan.  Oh, the memories.  As much as Rex looks back on those fondly, he is excited about the changes taking place Downtown.  Gone are some of the crack houses, crack ho's and crack...now is some crack mixed with good places to eat and sleep.  One great place to eat...is eat. "eat."  Terrible bad name that is not clever or interesting, but please don't let that misstep deter you from going forth and trying this wonderful little place. (Going forth? Last time I huff paint and read Chaucer...but in all fairness...it is the only way to read Chaucer.)  . . Eat. Is a revelation.  It is a wonderful little breakfast/lunch spot.  If you can forgive that hipster, desperately trying to be Seattle or if not Seattle, Portland...and if not Portland...a good attempt at Portland in Dayton Ohio...then yes...it is very, very good.  Rex, like all thinking humans, hates hipsters and hipster culture. So at first when you see the tattoos and the trying too hard without looking like trying too hard hipness of the place you want to vomit wildly while gurgling "You are our disco!!"  Please refrain. They mean you no harm. They are just misguided. Also, the food is damn good. So, Rex has eaten several times and will eat there again...but just for breakfast. Breakfast is way better than their lunch menu.. . Stars of the breakfast...first and foremost one of the most interesting and delightful dishes of all time (yes, Rex punched himself in the balls for typing delightful), is the huevos motulenos. Odd collection of things that should not work but do...very, very well.  The second best was the shrimp and grits. Might be the best grits in Las Vegas. The pancakes are excellent and the chicken fried steak is the size of a bread plate and wonderfully tender and crispy.  The oatmeal was not great, I would not recommend.. . Lunch was good, but not great. The salads seem out of place and Rex has heard more than one person say they are just "okay". Lose them. This isn't a salad place. The grilled cheese was not "killer" except if you mean it killed my belief it was a great grilled cheese. The version of the blt was good, but nothing exceptional. The Rueben was good, but nothing to write home about.  . . One last thing...Rex wanted coffee one morning...the coffee maker was broken! Travesty that must be avoided. He heard some dumb bastard try to order ginger ale with breakfast and he wanted to hit that guy in the face with his decent orange juice glass.  He didn't Rex IS a renaissance man...which is why his ho's always walk the cobblestone streets and bring back ducats from their "dates."
It's can be hard to find good food in vegas. Happy to find this great cafe. Friendly staff ,good food and big portions.
eat. is the kind of restaurant you feel good spending your money inside of.  Far removed from the Food network portraitures and triple digit price points of your typical strip-side steakhouse, tapas bar or italian eatery this down to earth downtown cafe is a refreshing change of pace for the adventurous LV visitor.  . . The menu offers some familiar treats done right and some not so familiar items for the more daring of palettes.  Firstly, the pancakes were praised by everyone at my table for their perfectly crispy edges.  The beignets were warm and soft, as fresh as any bourbon street bakery, and served with sweet homemade jam and mascarpone.  My dish, the Huevos Motulenos, was an inspired new take on the classic huevos rancheros, with the addition of banana (a subtle addition mind you) making this one of the more memorable and unique breakfast dishes I've had the pleasure to try.. . Natalie, the chef and owner of eat., was in the kitchen for most of our visit cranking away on orders and running the staff but we had the pleasure of catching her resting on the bench out front on our way out.  She was happy to chat with us for a bit and I'm happy to say embrace us with as much warmth and authenticity as her menu exemplifies.  . . I look forward to any future endeavors Natalie brings to this lonelier Las Vegas neighborhood and hope to return to eat. in the future for more tasty culinary delights.. . Thanks again, Natalie!
I've been wanting to try this place and am glad I did!  It's a cute, modernesque, hip little restaurant that's open only for breakfast and lunch and definitely does fill up!  We got there just before the lunch crowd - 11:30 per my boss' recommendation - and watched people wait for tables at about 12:00 on . . . . . The servers are very friendly and relaxed, they stopped and chatted for awhile as we had some questions about the food and later about the area (the same owner is opening another restaurant (bar type food) in the development across the street).  A little slow with the bill because they apparently only have one credit card machine and wouldn't you know, everyone wanted to pay at the same time with a credit card! . . FOOD - the posole' is great - I love their posole'.  It tastes fresh and not too salty!  YUMMM!  We also ordered the ruben which was definitely one of the best I've ever had, but was huge!  Others at our table ordered the BLT which looked amazing and the egg truffle sandwich which was yummy for what it was, but isn't really my thing!!. . We ended with the beignets and they are a deep fried donut.  So yes, naturally they are greasy, but that's what they are!!  It's like a pot roast that tastes like meat - well, of course it does!!  But they are fresh and just crisp enough with a two dipping sauces that you simply can't do without!!  I'm a fan!. . Parking stinks, there is some curbside parallel parking for free across the street.  Pay curb parking on the side of the restaurant too.  . . We will be back - I love local eateries and this one was well worth the trip!!
Loved the feeling inside..very inviting. Host was friendly and helpful in getting me quarters for the meters as there is only metered parking. Be sure to park next to the restaurant as neighborhood a bit shady. Husband and I took our young boys and we ordered two coffees, 2 strawberry lemonades, the pancakes, chilaquiles, granola and fruit, eggs and bacon dish. I wish they would have had a kids menu as we spent $50+ for breakfast. Could have gotten away with only 3 dishes as the portions were big and we ended leaving lots of food which is a shame because bottom line was the food was very good. Service was great. Would go back again. Liked that it was in the old part of Vegas so you can avoid the crowds and explore a retro part of vegas afterwards.
Hipster vibe, minimalistic decor, a menu with about 10 good breakfast choices.  Good option for a night after drinking.  Good sunlight, lots of windows, friendly staff, decent coffee.   Not as amazing as Bronze Center Cafe but I would go back.
Really good food, the egg in the Downtown Benedict could be poached a little bit harder, but it's very good in general. The chicken steak is really good, savory is awesome. I love their toasted bread especially, it's very good quality. . . The only reason for four star is it takes a while for the server to come.. . There is street parking near by.
This made Vegas a worthwhile stop on our road trip. Neither of us enjoy the Las Vegas Strip, so we ventured off-strip for breakfast at eat. Staff were super-friendly and attentive. The coffee was good. Breakfast was excellent. . . My truffled egg sandwich was ridiculously good. It was strong on flavor, and the eggs were cooked perfectly. Bacon, feta, mushrooms...just terrific. The chive potatoes were also great. The bf LOVED his huevos motulenos--so much that I didn't get to taste them.. . I don't expect to be back in Vegas if I can avoid it, but if I am driving through on a road trip, eat. will be my choice for a meal in town.
Eat at Eat! This is actually one of the first restaurants I've eaten at in DTLV. I'm definitely not use to the parking, aka parallel parking. But that did not deter us from eating here. It's actually very spacious inside, it didn't take the hostess long to seat us, however there was just two.. . I'm easy to please when it comes to breakfast food. All I need is a nice big cup of coffee and good food. Both of which this restaurant has plenty of. We both tried the truffle egg sandwich. The sandwich was pretty good. The sandwich was a little hard to eat though. It was pretty fat. The bacon was also a little to crispy for my liking, but I guess thats what I get for ordering something with bacon when I don't actually like bacon that much. The truffle part just sounded too good to pass up.. . The service could have have been a little more attentive. It was a little hard to get a refill on my coffee. I tried asking and the girl just kind of walked away before I got the chance. I just need a refill to save me from the food coma..
Located in Downtown LV this quaint little place had a lot a character. After being sat we were immediately greeted and offered recommendations. My wife doesn't drink black coffee and after being convinced by our server she ordered it. She loved it and also bought a bag of the coffee beans. A little pricey at $15 but it is great to support a local business. We started with an order of beignets. They were absolutely amazing. Light, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Served along side a strawberry preserve and flavored cream cheese. It was delicious together and by itself. A definite must have. I ordered the chicken fried steak and a side pancake (another recommendation by our server). The steak was filled with gristle and hard to cut and chew. This took away from my enjoyment of the dish. The batter was light and crispy. The big plus was the gravy, absolutely delicious. Creamy with chunks of sausage, perfectly balanced, not overly creamy it oily. They claimed to have the best pancake. It was served with pure maple syrup. It looked like it was cooked in a cast iron skillet. It had crispy edges and a fluffy center. It was an absolutely perfect pancake. Next time I'm ordering just the pancake stack. This is a definite place to stop by any time you're in Vegas for breakfast or brunch.
The decor and atmosphere in here reminds me of cool quaint modern restaurants in California specifically Palo Alto University Ave. The outside and surrounding area wasn't so inviting and I was a bit worried about leaving the car. The establishment is really clean and spacious from the dinning area to the restroom and from what  I can see into the kitchen as well. They gave us way too much time to make a selection from a small menu but the food came out pretty quick and piping hot. We spent $30 on huevos (something ) and chilaquiles small orange juice and a coffee. Huevos had scambled eggs black bleans,peas, feta and small pieces of bananas. Side of potatoes and topped with red and green chile sauce. Chilaquiles similar to a nachos but so much more healthier and fresher. Corn tortilla chips around the plate, farm fresh scrambled eggs topped with this sweet sausage, cheddar and jalepeno mango salsa. The food is AMAZING! Quality ingredients, fresh and the flavors balanced perfectly. Nothing was drenched in oil or butter or over spiced. Portions were big also. We found out about this place off of the food network and its well worth checking out, I believe they only serve breakfast and lunch.
This place is a must "eat". I had the green chili soup and the roast beef and blue cheese sandwich. Who knew you could get great green chili in Vegas. Next the roast beef sandwich was so good. The flavor of the melted blue cheese with the roast beef blended well and the soft bread made it that much better. Check this out if your in the downtown area.
Yummy, locals, friendly, easy, bacon, line, worth-the-wait, pancakes (over easy eggs on top), totally going back.
Eat is such an interesting place to eat. First of all, it's located just outside of Downtown Vegas, and on the bottom floorof an apartment building. So weird! But I read promising reviews on Yelp, and my friend recommended it too, so I decided to give it a try. . . First impression, nice ambience. Nice artwork on the walls. And overall a pretty neat place to eat. There's an art school down the street so I wonder if they have something to do with it. . . When my bf and I showed up, luckily a table was just leaving, so we got seated right away. I saw beignets on the menu and had to try it! However.. i'm not impressed. It tasted like frozen dough that's fried. It was really heavy and not fluffy at all. . . The Huevos Montelenos which is basically Huevos Ranchers was SO GOOD. I have to go back. There was so much food and so much flavor. I loved it. . . My bf ordered the chicken fried steak which was delicious as well. He enjoyed it, but I personally liked my dish better.. . We ended with some coffee and overall, thought the food was excellent. . . HOWEVER! We asked for the check, then asked for the check, then asked for the check probably 3 more times. Waiters kept coming and apologizing for the wait and they'll get to it right away.. and then never do. Finally, when I wanted to walk out without paying, they finally brought it.. probably 45 minutes after we completely finished our meal and our tables were cleaned. That's pretty bad service.. . Overall, I'd come back for the food, and to give their service a second chance, but if I have to waste 45 minutes waiting for the check, that's a definite no-go. It's Saturday, I have places to go and people to see.
Outstanding. Fast,friendly service. Wonderful menu selection. Food came out fast,hot and delicious. I had the truffle egg sandwich and was not disappointed.
Delish! I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese which tasted like a reimagined version of my childhood favorite :) my taste buds were in heaven. The only downside was the wait but because of the size of the restaurant it's pretty understandable I waited 30 min without a reservation.
Delicious!!! I little pricy for two people but Amazing none-the-less
The food gets five stars.  Original, consistent, nice presentation and just plain delicious!  Only thing missing is acoustics.  So noisy can't hear at all - same problem for all those I talk to over 55 in there.  I just do take out now but would be nice if I could meet friends there.  Would be great if they opened up that outdoor seating in this nice weather!
Food is good but not spectacular. Had the BBQ kielbasa sandwich solid bread. Meat was tasty but could have been better smoked. BBQ sauce was what held it back. Sweet BBQ sauce not my favorite by a mile. Still overall a great place to eat. The Veg Black Bean chili was very good.
I love little local eateries. This is definitely one of those places. . . I work downtown and walk to lunch every day. This is one of the weekly haunts. Everything is super healthy and all-natural. Who doesn't want more of that in their life?. . The decor is cheery with pops of lime and very intimate as it's quite small. The menu is expertly curated, so don't worry about searching through a million pages. . . If you want fresh, simple, and tasty, this is your place.
Fast service and good food. Very cool vibe.  I had the huevos rancheros ($11) very interesting flavor.  It's sort of just a hot mess, with salsa beans, eggs, peas, tortillas and potatoes. The flavor was great.  My girl had the short stack pancakes, which was only $5, cheap date. The pancakes were a tad dry and just not enough syrup. The soft drinks where the typical Vegas price $3 , ouch.  Overall a great place to eat breakfast or lunch just a short walk from Fremont st.  They are right next to the new container park, which is cool.  I would defiantly eat here again.
I really enjoy the brunch here. It's good though it has a bit too much of a hipster vibe. The food is not amazingly stand out, though the beignets I recently had were pretty amazing.. . It's a nice place for a casual lunch as well if you have the time. During the week it can be a bit busy for lunch though so be warned.
real pretty food and decor and but one of our servers was sub par at best...
This truly is a 4 star place... It could be 5 because the food is so good. But no surprise the service is horribly slow, unaware, and not friendly.. . I had the chicken sandwich today with out of this world potato salad. I highly recommend both. . . I also ordered coffee which sadly never got refilled. The owner/chef used to check in with tables and greet people but that's a thing of the past as well.  . . Last time I ordered the grilled cheese with "kickass tomato salad" which turned out to be soup? I don't know... . Overall, the food is is just so good that I will be back.
We have eaten at this restaurant twice - both times for brunch.  I am vegan. My husband is not.  The menu is not really vegan friendly but the staff are eager to please so they put something together for me that worked.  Very flavorful combinations!. . We like the urban vibe.  It is a little tricky to find parking on event weekends and we had to wait both times for a table. However, that is the price you pay for good food and a cool place to have brunch.  . . Staff are very friendly and efficient.
Hands down the best (and largest) BLT I've ever had!  The owner came and sat with us for a while and gave the history of this fairly new (and very popular) little diner.  She explained how all the food is prepared fresh daily, as ordered, and you can see this for yourself as you sit at the dining bar and can watch the cooks in action.  Definitely a must do stop while in Vegas.
Thank you, fellow yelpers for another great find! Just a few short blocks away from the Fremont St. Experience, you'll find eat. tucked away on an unassuming street. BF and I came here on a Sunday morning (thank you daylight savings and east coast time difference) around 9:30am. We got a table within 10 minutes. The restaurant is spacious and you don't feel like you're sitting on top of each other, which is nice. Everyone working there is super friendly. Although Charity was supposed to be our waitress she was very busy with other tables, so another waitress helped her out. I even noticed Charity find a woman's credit card that was left on the table after the group had already left and she ran out of the restaurant to find them (they were parked across the street). Although Charity didn't take our order she still checked on us while we were eating. . . Speaking of food, we ordered the Eggs Benedict, Chicken Fried Steak with sunny side up eggs, and a side of short stack pancakes. The eggs benny was deliciously light and perfectly poached.  One of the best I've had! The Chicken Fried Steak and gravy was comforting and flavorful. The pancakes.... OH the pancakes! BEST BEST BEST! The edges were crispy and while the middle was fluffy and perfect. WOW. I want more. . . Next time I'm in Vegas I know where I'm going for brunch!
Woke up early looking for a good breakfast spot that wouldn't be filled with blinged out snowbirds, tourists in nascar gear, or dumbasses from Cali sporting their affliction gear.. . Checked out yelp and was rewarded with this gem.  Short walk from the gold nugget, short wait, nice people.. . Good breakfast, nice space, great prices. Only downside is no bloody Mary's :-. . Also, it's nice to be in a building in Vegas that doesn't stink like an ashtray.  Thank you!!
Awesome breakfast/brunch spot in Fremont district north of the Strip.  Makes me feel like I'm back home in Seattle.  Hipster vibe.  Had the traditional eggs, bacon, potato breakfast.  The potatoes were awesome!  Make sure to rub the potatoes on the sour cream powder on the sides of the dish, very tasty!  Forgot our beignets though :(
Seattle meets Vegas.  This was the perfect brunch location for my family visiting from Seattle with the urban eclectic vibe/decor.  As soon as we walked in, we all thought wow this reminds us of a lot of places in Seattle.  The restaurant has a lot of character unlike a lot of the drab boring restaurants off-strip in Vegas.  We went on a Wednesday morning and the place was packed with people.  Service was quick and friendly.  Within the group, we ordered the truffled egg sandwich, two eggs/bacon/chive potatoes, and arugula salad.  The truffled egg sandwich came on a ciabatta bun with mushrooms, eggs, and bacon.  The chive potatoes were delicious and seemed to be sprinkled with some sort of magical sour cream and chives powder.   The bacon was cooked well but didn't leave us wowed.  On the menu, they also have beignets all day and also a breakfast menu until 11am.  The prices were about $10 each, which was extremely reasonable given the amount of food.  The location was just outside of Fremont, perhaps in a slightly sketchy area.  They also have a different menu on weekends, so I'm looking forward to paying them another visit in the future.
Here on holiday for Thanksgiving with family.   Great to get out of the noise and smoke of casino for an nice breakfast  - one that doesn't cater to the masses.   . I came alone and sat at the counter and was able to watch the work of the cooks and the staff. . All fresh/homemade ingredients, uptone setting, wonderful host that walks the tables to make sure everything is okay.  Very very nice staff.  You can tell the owner/manager works hard to make sure it is a great experience.  . I'll be back.
would of got 5 but it's very noisy inside. FOOD IS GREAT service comes with a smile!
Vegas has needed a farm to table restaurant like this for quite some time now! Seriously, EAT could be found in the hip downtown epicenter of Austin or Seattle, but instead we are lucky enough to have it right here in downtown Las Vegas. The inside is super cute and small! There is a long communal table in the center, which forces you to interact. I love this! Beware it does get pretty crowded around breakfast and lunch time, OK so it's crowded all of the time, but it is worth it. I have been here a couple of times and my major pain point is that they don't serve breakfast all day, I mean they are only open until 3! . . The pancakes are probably some of the best I have ever eaten. They are slightly crispy around the edges and perfectly fluffy in the middle. You didn't even know that you liked your pancakes crispy along the edges, but you do, trust me, you do! The Beignets are absolutely divine. I want to bathe in the vanilla-scented mascarpone, seriously we almost fought over it. The truffled egg sandwich also has so much more flavor than it advertises, super yummy! I tried a bite of my friend's shrimp and grits and the grits were super bland, no butter, no cheese, no salt. That's the only disappointment I have experienced here. If you happen to be here around lunch time the free range chicken sandwich is delicious and it's always a toss-up between their perfectly fried homemade potato chips or their delectable potato salad. You really can't go wrong!
Yummy! I love discovering wonderful new places off strip, and eat. was definitely a wonderful new discovery! It came recommended by my roommate as somewhere to try for brunch, so we made it a point to go as our last meal of the trip. The place was definitely busy, and for a group of 4 on a Sunday around noon, it was a good 15-20 minute wait at least? The food was worth it though. The portions are generous and the price is inexpensive! I got the grilled cheese and asked them to shove a side of bacon into it, and they were more than happy to accommodate me! Think 2 huge french toast slides grilled to crispy golden perfection, but still incredibly soft on the inside, with a big pile of crispy bacon with yummy cheddar cheese in the middle! The thing was huge, I only needed half of the sandwich to fill up! It came with a yummy tomato salad on the side, and if you know me, tomatoes, bacon and grilled cheese is possibly the best combination ever. I also tried their pancakes, and for $9 you get 3 huge fluffy pancakes that are serious some of the fluffiest melt in your mouth pancakes I've tasted! Definitely worth the price!. . Staff are friendly and the restaurant is dog friendly too! Love love love!
Stopped by here for lunch with my dad and I was very impressed.  I love little hole in the wall places like this.  The exterior isn't the greatest obviously because of it's downtown location, but once you step inside it's like you're in a whole different area.  The restaurant is cute and very well decorated right up my alley.  . . Once we stepped in we were greeted and seated right away, there were alot of people from law offices and downtown restaurants eating there on their lunch.. . I decided to try the Truffled Egg Sandwich although everything sounded really good.  The sandwich consisted of eggs, feta, mushrooms, chives, and bacon on ciabatta bread.  They also served it with a side of Chive potatoe's.  I have a thing about feeling sick after eating too much eggs but I had no problem finishing this sandwich.. . I'm very excited that I have found another good spot downtown near my job!  I can't wait to try everything else on the menu.
My stomach was hungry and my hopes were high when we stopped at eat. for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We waited 15 minutes for a table, which wasn't bad, but after that we waited even longer before someone finally took our order... After waiting even more time we finally received our food and thankfully it was worth the wait. The Huevos motelenos was vey good and had an excellent flavor and the pancakes were fluffy and delicious with rich, maple syrup. If the service had been better eat. would be a solid five stars.
