Once you walk into the Cosmopolitan Hotel, there's this huge center bar with a chandelier-like architect of beads strung around the bar from the second floor.  It looks pretty cool the way everything is draped.  The buffet was quite the walk through an open and quite empty hallway and lounge area and when we got there the line wasn't even that long at all.  They charge a ridiculous amount for alcoholic drinks (like $12+) but I guess it's Vegas, or then it was the holidays. Well, to the point, the food was pretty good.  Some portions are individually baked so you have to grab the small baking dish but it takes up space on the plate. Not to mention the plates are quite small so get ready to head up to the buffet quite a few times.  Dessert section was amazing! The chefs have a flair for design but they taste as amazing as they look.
Great value - it's a reasonably priced buffet.  Great service and nice ambience.  For the first time I didn't feel like I had to fight with other people to grab the best food.  . . As others have said - the presentation is great with individual sized portions of most of the entrees. The downside is some of the food was just warm - I could just tell it would be so much better if it were piping hot, fresh from the oven.  Flavors were good, though. . . Dessert was amazing, fudge pyramids, gelato, mini apple cobblers.  . . If you're coming from the casino, be prepared to walk a long way to get to the buffet - it's far!
I love the new Cosmo hotel in Vegas, my friends and I already planned to stay there next time we come back. The whole place was full of young, attractive people, which is A+ in my book. Wicked Spoon is one of the best buffet places I've tried in Vegas...for the price. It offers bite size portion, which is great because we can almost try "everything" in there. The food is not too amazing, in fact, a little too salty for my taste. But boy, their chefs know how to make lamp....every single lamb dish I tried...LOVE IT! Their worst dish? No doubt the Korean bbq short rib, too sweet and too salty.. Our server was super cute and nice too. I believe her name was Laura or something like that. She was making jokes with us and we even hang out after she got off work. I like the Cosmopolitan, I like Wicked Spoon and I like you Laura :)
An awesome buffet...I came here when it was only 2 weeks old.  The line was only about 10 minutes long and lunch was 25 bucks.  The style was tapas so the food isn't mass produced.  They had their meat cuts, breakfast items like eggs benedicts, cheesy potatoes, some smoked salmon, braised pork belly, dim sum items, etc.  Definitely quality buffet food.  Also, the cutest desserts evar, and 10 different gelato flavors... !! . . Only complaint, our server was super bad... didn't come up to get our drink orders til my second plate... rarely came by at all to get refills or ask us if we needed anything...
I was at CES and got tired from walking the show.  I was hungry and didn't want to eat the crappy Sbarro pizza, nathan's hot dogs, etc.  I also wanted to check out the new Cosmopolitan hotel so I took the shuttle from the convention center to the Cosmopolitan.. . I was happy to see the buffet.  Lunch was only $19.. . The decor is very clean.  The food is laid on fairly well.  There is a sushi/sashimi section (with other Asian food such as pho, dim sum, etc.).  There are lots of small pots with beef, chicken, port, etc.  There is a carving station for turkey, prime rib, ham, etc.  The salad bar is also very nice.  Overall, the selection, cleanliness, and quality of food was top notch.. . I knocked off 1 star because the dim sum area was under a heat lamp that severely dried out the food.  It's really annoying trying to eat shrimp har gow with a paper dry skin.. . The dessert was AWESOME!  The gelato station was great and i especially loved it because they have sorbetto.. . The chocolate is the good stuff and top quality.. . This is a great addition to the Las Vegas buffets and is my new favorite.
Personally one of the best buffets in vegas. Ambiance is great, staff are friendly and accomodating. The food here excites me and i guess its how they present their food or should i say how its plated.. I love the desserts, colorful, playful and it tasted good!
I ate here after I went to CES and let me just say this place is nice! . If you are a guy who likes to be served by girls this is a place for you because all of servers are waitresses. . . The Restaurant itself deserves 4 STARS.. It was very clean and organized. There seats are new and the booths are comfortable. The tables are good size and there are enough space to walk between tables. The style is modern which was a big plus!. . The service deserves 5 STARS.. All the waitresses smiled and very polite. They know when you need a refill of the WATER BOTTLE.. yes they give each table a bottle of water so you could pour some on your own glass. No waiting for service even in the food area they served with smile.. . The food deserves a 4 STARS.. They serve  a high quality of food and very delicious. The servings were decent amount but you could always go back if you want more. They have sushi and I really like their Shirm Tempura Sushi. Their mushroom cooked in red wine was so good! I've never had anything that was cooked in red wine but it was sooo delicious. Their fried rice was not greesy at all but so good. Most of their food weren't greesy. The deserts are the best! so many choices to choose from. Gelado ice cream, cookies, rice cakes, and so much more!. . The price is reasonable SUNDAY BRUNCH $23 deserves 4 STARS.. . DEFINITELY GOING BACK TO TRY DINNER!
Great Vegas buffet!!. . Pretty affordable for quality tasting food! Sunday brunch was $23 dollars. The selection was good, and they had just enough variety without being too overwhelming. The dessert bar display was beautiful, anddd they had gelato! Except no hazelnut flavor = -1 points for them, but still, lots of sweets to choose from :) . . The interior of the buffet was pretty cool. I don't know how to describe the design inside since it was kind of different/unique, and also kind of random, but it was pretty fancy for such an affordable buffet. . . This buffet was not outstandingly exceptional, however, as in don't expect to find fancy or exotic cuisine here. But you will find all of your main dishes prepared quite well. One of my favorite dishes was the orrechiette pasta, it was absolutely amazing! . . I'd say this buffet falls in line with the Bellagio buffet. Definitely worth a try!
This is one of the best buffets on the Strip.  We came here for the Sunday brunch, because I'm a brunch glutton.  Since it was fairly new, the place is still really clean and sleek.  We got to the line a tad before noon and it was still really short.  We walked around to get a scope of the place.  There was an area with Asian foods, carving station, and breakfast area, and two islands on either side of the buffet for the salad and cheese bar, and the dessert bar.  I love how many of the dishes are served in small dishes.  The shrimp cocktails was in a dish with on 2 shrimps, but they were really good, too bad there were no crab legs.  Also, the prime rib was delish!  It was really juicy and there were different kinds of condiments to choose from, I chose the chimichurri.  I also loved that there were chocolate dipped strawberries and gelato in the dessert area.  My only disappointment was that our server wasn't really timely with taking away our plates.  Other than that, this is a definitely a buffet worth your money.
I always said I was anti-buffet.. . Until now.. . This place is amazing.. . Beautiful decor.. Great variety and portions of food.. And extremely reasonable prices.. . I didn't think a buffet like this could exist!. . Believe the reviews, it is definitely worth checking out. . And most importantly, definitely worth your money.
At least one buffet visit is a requirement of mine each time I hit Vegas. . The line at the buffet in Aria was to long, and so I yelped nearby places and found this place in the Cosmo which is next door. Pass the Red and Black heel, take some photos,  and  bam you're there.  It was a pretty good find. 19$ for lunch and not that long of a wait. Most dishes are served tapa style, in small little plates or small pans. I like this concept because. A) it doesnt allow you to put to much on your plate in one sitting and B) all the food doesnt touch each other.  Dont kid yourself though, you will end up overeating as the food is really good  and made with quality ingredients. Their gelato was probably the best Ive had at a buffet.  . . Only pet peeve I had was they dont label half of their dishes, so you dont know what your getting and you have to end up asking them which is a pain when your hungry.
overall a tasty buffet.  definitely try the roasted rack of lamb, it was very tender but BEWARE THE HORSERADISH SAUCE - it's from the 7th pit of hell.  a little dab will do you just fine.  I foolishly swirled a bite around the sauce, put it in my mouth, and after 5 or 6 chews, dropped the fork and started slapping my forehead.  it was like eating an entire ball of wasabi.. . everything else was average toabove average, the sushi rolls were surprisingly decent, and the desert table, the wicked spoon's key selling point, was a beautiful sight to behold, and while it was enjoyable, it gave a bit too high an expectation.  I will say the chocolate covered strawberries were AMAZING and the strawberry cheesecake shot was also very good. . . the ambiance is nice and the service was great.  so yeah, 4 stars.  dunno if I'd go back unless one of my friends had a big sweet tooth.
Came in on a weekday. Bad idea. The food was kind of dry. I even saw the cooks moving the food around to keep the sauces from settling. Friend came for a second time on the weekend and reported to me that the food was a lot better and fresher, but there was a wait on the weekends. The food looked better than it tasted, for the most part. Overall, for the price you pay, which was about $29 or so after taxes, it's still a pretty good buy. . . The only thing I found annoying was that many of the selections were already in their own dishes. So if you wanted to grab a lot of food at once, it was sort of impossible unless you were good at Tetris and knew how to stack like a boss.
Food is presented in a very cute fashion and taste fresh and delicious.  The dessert station is better than Bellagio and now I must say that it is the best buffet in Vegas.  . . One thing I have to mention is that the line wasn't very long but it went very slow.  When you get in, there's all these empty tables.  I think they should get it together and hire more servers so that people don't have to wait that long.  I think waiting in line is the biggest drawback of going to buffets.. . Last thing, they will ask you "would you like to put in gratuity?" I say yes and pay 15%, then they give me a slip with gratuity section being empty.  So I wrote it in.(they already put it in)  I paid twice of gratuity because their system is confusing.  Don't make my mistake.
What a refreshing new Buffet in town! Love their concept. The quality is decent and the price alright. The only downside: the partially non existing LABELS! It would be great to know what I am eating...
After having a bad experience at the paris buffet, we decide to go walk off all the unnecessary calories off by going to the new Cosmopolitan hotel and see all the shiny bling and art. . It was indeed impressive. After a brisk walk through long open hallways and a cluster of 5 foot tall dog statues pointed towards each other, then a giant high heel we came across the Wicked Spoon buffet. Even though were we were full we wanted to do  walk through. We were impressed by the tapas style method of serving and the food looked good as well. Then we passed by the dessert section which is FULL of fudge, pastries,  chocolate covered crab apples and strawberries, ice cream and gelato, and fresh berries ( you can tell i have a major sweet tooth) that was the point we realized we made a huge mistake by eating at the paris and were planning a return trip there to actually try the food that was making our mouths water.. Fast forward 2 days, we arrived there at 5pm for sunday brunch which was reasonably priced at $27.. Ambiance was very comfortable and the decor was cool. luckily we were seated next to the food since we made many trips back n forth seeing how you can only fit 3 small (2-4 bite) plates onto the normal plate you carry. Ii tried 3 different salads which were all fresh and yummy.. Truffle oil infused potatoes were nothing to write about. they love lamb at this buffet because there were 3 different dishes there, not a huge fan of lamb but they were ok as well.. I didnt expect much from buffet sushi but it was actually surprisingly good since it was being prepared fresh constantly by the chef on site. There was a Pho station which was nice too, you don't usually see these at buffets. . I also liked the brussels sprouts, and fingerling potatoes, red wine mushrooms and the pork bun.. Kinda dissapointed that you have to pay $15 extra for king crab legs, i opted out since i wanted to focus on the regular menu items there.. they did serve 2 kinds of king crab, (not legs) one in a butter sauce and the other in a bernaise sauce. both were overcooked and rubbery.. I even tried the new batches they brought out to find the same result :(. I didnt try the meat carving stations.. Dessert did not dissapoint though, berries cherries all juicy and sweet.. Huge tasty chocolate strawberries, great Gelato, i tries the pistachio and salty peanut flavors.. . I'd go back for sure.. . Currently the M is my favorite buffet but this may take that spot.. . BTW if youve got $90 to spend per person check out the sterling buffet at the Ballys! only open 1 day a week but its the Ultimate. top notch shit there
I like the concept.....buffet style small dish servings. This is the newest buffet at the Cosmo hotel. It is a pretty decent offering and the twist is that some of the food options are already portioned in small serving dishes which you can pick up. Keeps the food wastage down and I think it improves the buffet experience by limiting inevitable self-serving errors (avoid getting a plateful of warm smoked salmon). . . Pastas were amazing and a cutting station with medium rare steak. Great desserts especially the gelato. . . Fresh, clean with waitstaff that aren't gruffing and huffing from the buffet grind. One of your better buffet options on the strip right now
Loved this place! Definitely one of my Top 5 favorite buffets. It was a long walk to get to but I enjoyed the different types of artwork and took a lot of pictures so it wasn't boring. I personally loved the little pots and things that they served some of the food in. It was something different and I didn't mind making a few extra trips to load up my plate. My favorite selection was the mashed potatoes. The appearance wasn't anything special but I could taste the difference. Service was okay, not bad not great. The desserts weren't very appealing at first because I was really full but the chocolate covered strawberries were a plus. Kind of looked creepy because of the little crunchy dotty things that were on them and the apples but tasted great nonetheless.
Ahh the Cosmopolitan you are over the top.. and so is your buffet.  The walk to the buffet is long and in a strange location.  It feels like walking 2 miles before you reach it.  However, this didn't stop me from going... TWICE.  On Thursday night for dinner we paid $27 it was good but some of the items were stale. The dim sum was atrocious and so was the crab.  Its nice to have the crab shelled for me but shieeeeeeet.  It was dry and rubbery. Sushi was alright too,  i liked how they had the sushi chef making the sushi right next to that station.  Thumbs up for having a mac and cheese station..  AMAZING!  I would say the best items were the pastas and salads.  The deserts were pretty, but tasted okay.  . . The second visit to the buffet was a lot better.  We paid $23 on Saturday for brunch.  Ahhh breakfast foods.. So delish. To die for hash browns, to die for chicken sausage, to die for Guinness pancakes.. yup i said that Guinness pancakes. YUMMMY! Everything on Saturday was fresh and tasty.  The selection was almost identical to dinner minus the breakfast items and lack of crab.. . Overall, I think this is one of the better buffets on the strip.  Although it sucks waiting in line. I would suggest going on a weekend.  More people= more food= food doesn't sit for long periods of time.
Ok first ofa ll i have to say that I've been and tried a whole lot of buffet in Vegas and by far this one is my favorite. Why you ask? Well I am not a big eater and actually hates the buffet concept of pilling up your food on the same plate. I also tend to lose interest when the buffet selection is way to much. It's like shopping shoes to me, yes it's nice to have a huge selection but if they are crappy why even bother right. Which brings me to my point why the concept of small individual plates is very appealing to me on a buffet such at The Wicked Spoon. They have delicious and tender meat, the chinese section is surprisingly good and not greasy, the bread selection was also yummy and not hard. and lastly the dessert maybe small in scale compare to the Wynn but was scrumptious and different. Did I mention the servers here are so attentive. oh and my tea was gourmet not some lipton grocery brand. All in all I would definitely come back here next time we go to Vegas.. . PS. i also love the decor and the bottled water they serve.
This place's idea about individual portions is pretty awesome. There is definitely more attention paid to the actual food than you would have in other buffets. Service was nice, although it became a bit of a "Where's Waldo" when we wanted to ask for some Sprite later on in the meal. New York Steak was really good for a buffet and I really enjoyed the miso shrimp salad. I want to come back to try for dinner, as we came during brunch!
Past the giant shoes and the ring of dogs deep within the depths of the 2nd level of Cosmo, you'll find the Wicked Spoon.  I don't know what Deutsche Bank was thinking when they designed this place as everything seems to be so hidden, but it's definitely worth the adventure to get here.  . . Got a pretty good deal here since we came a bit before 11 so only paid the breakfast price of $17.99 and was able to get all the lunch stuff.  But I would of paid the lunch price since that's when the dessert section opens.  Holy shit, that's a nice spread and worth it.. . I like this buffet because although it lacks in variety, the quality of the food is amazing.  Alot of the food is already prepared in servings so you're not guessing how much to take.  But like most buffets, it's always great when they are new.  Let's see if they can keep it up.
really enjoyed this buffet, had the tapas style concept. staff was super friendly. i think they change up the menu frequently cuz they didn't have a lot of the foods mentioned in yelp reviews but had other ones on the night i went. my fav was the bone marrow, first time trying it and loved it!  also all the desserts looked great but all tasted like crap except the chocolate covered strawberries...those were yummy!
Definitely a nice buffet to try a variety of items and get some nice presentation and eye candy from it that you miss out on when you go to a buffet as to a fine dining restaurant in Vegas.  There was definitely a wide selection and some interesting items.  I really loved the roasted turkey and london broil and the interesting variety in the salad bar.  The dessert section was definite pleasure and my friends couldn't stop raving on how good the candy crab apples were.. . There weren't that many workers there when we went, but the lady that helped us very helpful even if she was really busy.  It was a fun place to try!
I visited the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times this past week.  I have to say, the food and atmosphere are great!  I wasn't quite sure how they would pull off single servings on a buffet, but it worked out beautifully!  This buffet is right up there with the Bellagio Buffet.  The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because we experienced sub-par service on a few visits.  Specifically, having to wait far too long for drinks.  If they would speed up the drink service, I would easily offer five stars.
Let me first state that, even though I'm a fat chick, I am not a fan of buffets.. I find them common, over done and nothing really new.  . So finding myself stuck at the Cosmo for the HP CES Press conference and my son starving we decided to go to the buffet for a late lunch.  . I really wasn't expecting much because of the afore mentioned aversion to buffets and the lateness in the afternoon (almost 2pm) . . It's nice, even at age 55, to be surprised.  We walked right in, and got a great seat.  It was busy but not overly crowded.  Our waiter was right there to take our drink orders and to let us know what stations were available. Having survived the 2nd day of CES, I rewarded myself with a mid day cocktail, the Mombo Italiano-- a hand crafted Bloody mary with infused garlic vodka  I'd go back JUST for the drink at 12.00 each. . . Here is what sets this particular buffet apart: . . They have, for all of you watching your weight, portioned containers of very interesting food.  With little signs that say how many calories & how many carbs per portion.  Brilliant marketing since there are so many who fail to recognize they have fabulous curves.  I had the Mac & bleu cheese--yum and the wild rice with lamb and goat cheese.  . . The carving stations.  yes multiple.  I could dive head first into the Asian style bbq pork.  It was melt in your mouth.  . . The staff was friendly and made suggestions of what were their favorites.  . . I have to say, as I'm writing this realizing the best part of the 2x we've been there, was the staff.  I do like the food selections and the twist with the portioned servings... also made me exercise to walk back up and get another serving... knowing it was 220 calories each.  . . I did save room for dessert, a wide selection indeed.  Rice Crispy treats dipped in chocolate? yummo.  . . Living in Vegas, it is only for out of town guests and work that I go anywhere near the strip but last week, with no company and no clients, we opted to actually go to the Wicked Spoon for lunch.  If nothing else, for a Vegas local, that says a lot.
Great surprise for a buffet, large selection, and great desert options.  Highly recommend
I think I had pretty low expectations of this buffet after reading all the Yelp reviews. This might account for the 4 star rating, but I'm sticking with it. Haha.. . We came in on a Thursday about 8:45. Not the busiest time of the week, so service was pretty attentive as opposed to the complaints about plates stacking up at the table for long periods of time and drinks going unfilled. I didn't run into any of these problems. This is a new hotel, so obviously there is a grace period where staff has to work out a lot of their kinks, so this could count account for the slower service in the past. . . I do agree with many of Yelpers about the tapas style servings being a total waste. I'm sure they'll probably get rid of that concept eventually. It's just too difficult to try to balance lots of tiny little plates on one large plate and yes, many of the food items like pasta and potatoes became dry and lost their flavor and textural interest. I stuck with the kalbi, red wine mushrooms and crab cocktail. They have a lot of variety and I appreciated a lot of the interesting food options they attempted, even though they didn't always hit the mark perfectly at least they took the chance and I admire that.. . The desserts are yummy. I can never get enough chocolate covered strawberries, French macaroons or gelato. Stay away from the chocolate covered crabapples. They're pretty than they taste. . . I have faith this buffet will hit a groove at some point and I think it is definitely a good option for AYCE on the strip.
This place was really, really good. I was not a fan of the small plates. That's my only major complaint. Everything else was delicious. I've officially discovered French macarons and I'm a fan. Big time. Purple cookies. Who would've known. I love lamb and I like lots of it. I stuck with the osso bucco, leg of lamb and couldn't resist the short ribs as well. The service was pretty good too. Our server took the time out to get to know us and chit chat. We requested lots of drinks and she brought them two at a time. Loved that. If only they had all you can drink beer and wine.
We did this buffet for breakfast.  My only real complaint that it was hard to find the joint.  We walked for what seemed like forever, through halls filled with artsy gigantic high-healed shoes (that were kinda cute actually).  Finally, we reached our destination.. . Overall the experience was enjoyable.  Our waitress was wonderful.  She was so friendly, and extremely attentive.  The drinks kept coming, and as soon as a plate was empty, she was there to take it away.  . . I liked the bottled water on the table for no additional charge.  That was a very nice touch.  I thought the coffee was pretty good, and the orange juice was fresh and sweet.. . As for the food available, I did like the individual portions available.  My personal favorite was the eggs benedict, and the bacon at this buffet was actually crisp!  I hate the undercooked soggy stuff that's all clumped together!  The sweet breakfast items were tasty too.  I tried some cherry danish and what I thought was a blueberry muffin top...YUM.
The food at this place is really good.  We stopped by here not long after it opened, so I'm sure quality control was extremely stringent.  The wait staff was attentive and very friendly.  The dining area is large, and the plates are all very gourmet (small plate style).  We came here for the brunch.  Bottomless mimosa is available for ten dollars more.  Every dish here was tasty (for buffet caliber foods), and not a single one disappointed me.  I still think the Wynn is my favorite, but this is a strong contender.
I agree with other reviewers, it's a hike to get here from the hotel entrance, and there's nothing in between, but once you get here it is pretty dang tasty. Obviously you are at a buffet, so the ambiance kind of sucks, but there is a huge selection, and the people watching is worth the admission price. We were sat directly across from the seafood area. Let's just say the human body can ingest a lot more crab claws than I though possible. It's not cheap ($27 a person for dinner) but it's high quality food in huge quantities.
Best. Buffet. Ever!!!!. . Trekked across the hotel to find the buffet- seriously, a tram would be nice.. . The buffet was pretty well priced for the hotel. The plating was awesome, felt like I was on Top Chef. Lots of small plates, which I think is great to eliminate waste. The New York Strip steak was awesome, tender and very flavourful.. . Best thing for me though, was the desserts and pretty much the gelato/ice cream. I inhaled my Tiramisu gelato and much as I wanted to finish my Cheesecake, I was way too stuffed.. . The service was good, the decor lovely and not Vegas garish. A truly wicked dining experience.
OMG I'm a fan! The dessert bar is AMAZING! =). . Some people aren't too crazy about the separate/small plates, but I love it. I'm not one to mix my sauces when I eat food so it works for me. I think it's what makes the place stand out from other buffets.. . We went during lunch around 2PM on Sunday. There was a little bit of a line, but moved pretty fast since the staff ask how many are in your party before you even pay. I paid $50 including tax for 2 people. Not bad for vegas buffet of good quality. It would be 30 something per person if you wanted unlimited mimosas/blood marys with your meal.. . Service was attentive and quick. Water pitchers provided for each table. Glasses always kept half full. Tables always cleared when coming back with more food.. . Food had a good variety. There was a nice spread of salads/breads, breakfast, pasta/pizza, shrimp cocktails, prime rib/meat station, omelet station, asian section. They might have as many choices but most of what I ate was tasty. My favoriate was the eggs benedict!
$34 for delicious "On the Strip" Buffet is a deal that can't be beat!! . I've heard though that the buffet is better on weekends than weekdays, and my Saturday night buffet dinner did not disappoint. . . There's a "macaroni bar", a hand roll sushi chef, and a great dessert selection with fudge, chocolate covered strawberries, and ice creams! And all the usual seafoods, sushi, carved meats - the food was great, ambiance was fun too.. . I was in a large birthday party group (apparently you can make reservations for large parties?) and so we were placed in a separate room, which was really cool and made the meal feel less "buffety". One of the managers Adam, was really great in taking care of the birthday cake - the chef fixed the icing (the cake slid around inside the box while we walked from the parking lot to the buffet), cut the cake, and then boxed up the extra pieces. It was really  great personal service that we didn't really expect from a buffet - but I would definitely come back for the service and the food. . . I don't know if the pricing is low to compete with the bigger names of Wynn and Bellagio buffet, but right now the Cosmo Buffet is my favorite on the strip, and at a great price!!
Came here on a friday night around 5 pm for an early dinner, and there were no lines. Our party was seated immediately which was great! One thing that caught my attention at the buffet is the presentationof the dishes. Most, if not all of the dishes were served in individual platters. I thought that was an ingenious idea to help minimize the wasting of food. Another thing I loved about this buffet is the dessert section!! Mini candy apples? Need i say more? Every dessert i tasted was incredibly good. Only thing though is thAt it seemed like they were short on staff because it took a while to get any of the waiter/waitresses attention as they were pretty busy. This is the only reason why i gave this place a four star, otherwise it would've been easily a five star. I highly recommend this place to anyone who pays vegas a visit!
Fan-freaking-tastic!  Food is fresher than 95% of all buffets I've been to and the tapa style "take-away" portions are ingenious ideas to keep the food more sanitary.  I dare say gourmet-buffet.
there's a saying in korea, "10 years can move mountains and rivers", but it seems like 1 year is enough to change vegas. since my last visit back in late 2009, many new hotels have been recently added to the city's directory, and one is always trying to outdo another. the hubby and i were informed of these hip, ritzy and stylish new additions, and how they were now "must's" in vegas, cosmopolitan being one of them. in fact, on our way to vegas, my sis (on her way back from vegas!) told me about her new fascination with wicked spoon buffet at cosmopolitan. i normally despise buffet, but the moment my sister said "ice cream station", i knew i was sold. . . after a good night sleep, we woke up at 8am and mapped out our itinerary for the day that evolved around two feasts. we exercised vigorously (see the review of encore's fitness center below) and walked about a mile in cosmopolitan hotel before we reached the buffet. at 10:30am on saturday morning, there was no line and the dining hall was not too crowded. . . there were the standard breakfast items (hard as brick waffles, soggy pancakes, made to order omelets, fresh fruits, miniature boxed cereals, assortment of breads and edible yogurt) along with carving station (ny steak, some sausage, some pork part and other protein thing), cold seafood section (smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail), italian food (pizza, pasta and ravioli stuff) and asian food section (sushi, dumplings and korean kalbi). . . obviously, i didn't bother to inspect the meat station too much, but i sure frequented the seafood and asian food stations multiple times. the smoked salmon was surprisingly fresh and tasty. we also liked the shrimp dumplings although the skin was a bit dried. however, their kalbi was the worse i had in a while with overly sweet and burnt flavors. . . the show stopper of wicked spoon buffet was the dessert station, specifically the ice cream bar with 14-16 different flavors. i tackled small scoops of pistachio, strawberry, amaretto, oreo cookie and tiramisu, and they all seemed decent, although a little too sweet for me. there were decadent dessert offerings such as mini madeline cookies and french macarons which sadly did not live up to my expectations. the usuals such as chocolate covered strawberries and apples were good, but again, not great. . . many of the food were served in individual sized pots, cups and dishes (probably will reduce waste and keep the food fresh) so lines moved really fast and the stations were kept clean. the overall look of the dining space is modern and comfortable with some big tables to accommodate large parties. . . the waitresses wear some gloomy, tacky brown plaid shirt dresses which literally made me feel depressed to look at them, but they were some of the hardest working bunch. the hubby felt bad how other tables left no tip, so we went the other route and left them a generous amount. . . by now, you should know what to expect from a buffet...mediocre food, high price tag and looking like 5 month pregnant! as long as you don't compare the food to your "favorite" sushi, steak, pizza joint or authentic home cooked meal, wicked spoon buffet might satisfy your edacious nature. actually, $25 brunch buffet in vegas is not a bad deal at all.
My husband and I wanted to go to the seafood buffet at Rio but decided not to because people were giving so so reviews on Yelp.  We decided to try the Wicked Spoon at the new hotel Cosmopolitian.  First off let me say that this is my favorite hotel in Vegas...So pretty!!!. . The buffet is different from other buffets.  You know how you go to a buffet and see what you like and then you scoop how much you want on your plate...by the time you get to your table you have a plate full of the whole buffet all smooched together.  This place is different.  They give you individual portions for most of their dishes.  And they give it to you in these cute little pots.  Sometimes they giveto you in these cute little plates.  Its very elegent.  This also prevents you from over stuffing yourself quickly...here you do that slowly...hhahaha. . The food is very good.  They had this steak on top of some pesto and some seasoned cucumbers.  Oh that was awesome and very tasty.  Their korean BBQ short ribs were so freakin good.  They just come off the grill and its so tender and juicy.  . . The only thing that was a disappointment was that they didn't have the crab legs...I was kind of looking forward to those.  But they do have crab claws with cocktail sauce.  But I felt like I had to grab 10 plates of those little things.  . . Their dessert is also good.  They have the typical cakes and different flavors of gelato.. . They don't really have a big buffets like the other buffets in vegas.  They have a smaller variety...but when you get something it usually is pretty good.  Less variety with great quality.. . It's an interesting experience.  If you come to Vegas...make sure you try out this buffet.
Eat here, if not for the cutely portioned food then for the sexiness the hotel exudes. As one of the newest hotels on the strip, The Cosmopolitan just screams "COOL" with the buffet trailing not far behind. I guarantee you'll leave the place feeling DOUBLE-O-SEVEN suave, despite just having gorged on a feast of prime rib and chocolate covered strawberries.. . While I will always remain loyal to "The Buffet" at the Bellagio (a go-to on every one of my Vegas trips) this is a refreshing and damn awesome (and did I mention sexy?) alternative.
Swanky, bougie, beautiful, & yummy pretty much describes the Cosmopolitan when I first stepped foot in this hotel and coincidently, these are the words that describe the Wicked Spoon buffet as well!. . At $19 for a lunch buffet, you're paying for eye-candy, creative displays of food, and a taste of around-the-world! Korean, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American cuisines & moooore! I especially loved that foods like mac n' cheese & chicken pot pie came in a mini-metal pot that kept them warm and fun to look at and eat. Heck, even water at each table came in a tall glass bottle. Sweet potato fries came in a mini-fryer and the desserts? OH MYYYY! My absolute favorite part of my lunch! Gelato, milk & white chocolate covered strawberries & mini apples, macaroons, cute little cups filled with cakes, alll YUMMMY...and aphrodisiacs ;]. My lunch definitely entertained my eyes and tummy.. . Sadly, aside from all of the glitz and beauty of it all, what knocks off a star would be the lack of SEAFOOD during lunch. Where's my fish? Salmon? Oysters? Crab legs?? These were probably all available during dinner, but I wish I had em' for lunch!!Nonetheless, even though it wasn't tooo big of a buffet, I'd experience Wicked Spoon again at the price of $19! You'll most definitely be eating with your eyes here.
There was no line! Dined here about 7:15p on a Thursday. $27 for dinner, so about $29 with tax. Very friendly service. Got seated right by the entrance so everyone coming in can see us, but whatever. We were waiting for a friend anyways so this made it easy for him to find us.. . Nicely decorated and not too large of a dining area. So it's easy to get around. Start at the left with appetizers and salads, and work your way to the right, ending you with a vast array of fudge and other decadent sweets.. . It is very nice that most of the items are individually portioned. But even with the small portions, I didn't actually finish any of the dishes because I wanted to make sure I could try everything. And the crab claws already opened and in little saucers with cocktail sauce, nice touch! The salads were fantastic. The breads, not that great. The kobe beef shoulder, yum! Also the truffle scalloped potato, delicious! There was a select few items I did not care for, but I don't even remember it. I read notes that someone mentioned the braised short ribs and they were as expected, tender and flavorful!. . I didn't try much from the pizza/pasta or asian section. I had to save room for desserts!. . I loved their selection for ice cream. I triedthe coconut lime and the pb&j. Both were yummy with a little tiny cone I used as a scooper :). . Also note the amazing quantity of large chocolate covered strawberries, some plain, some white chocolate, some with nuts, some with oreos, etc. Also mini chocolate dipped apples! YUMMY!. . And then there were crepes, which I didn't get a chance to try. Cookies there were really good. Strongly alcoholic tiramisu cups. Other sweets that were too sweet. Overall, though great place with a nice selection. A close second to Wynn Buffet IMO, but for the price, I might come here more often.. . Our server, I can't remember her name, but she was very sweet and everyone worked together to make sure we had enough room on our table for new plates as we eat very quickly and create a ton a dishes. Good job.. . One thing, The buffet is such a long walk from the rest of the restaurants. If you go up the escalator/elevator by the chandelier, you gotta walk through a long hallway passing by 2 large high heel shoes and another quiet hall to finally reach the buffet at the end. But note: if you are only coming for the buffet, park at the west elevator and take that escalator up that is right by there instead of walking all the way through the casino and back around upstairs. ;)
Vegas has a new best buffet so $5.99 off strip buffets and $39.99 on strip buffets move out of the way and let Wicked Spoon claim its spot as cream of the crop.. . What makes this place a winner?  First off, $27 for dinner is about $10 less than other hotels such as Bellagio and Wynn.  Yes this buffet may not have sashimi or lot of seafood such as crab leg, this hotel has variety, innovation, and something different.  They have the traditional salad and meat stations but they have other new offerings that other buffets don't have such as...bone marrow, pork belly bun, pork belly fried rice, dashi broth, truffle potato gratin, smelt fries, tiny ice cream cones, and much more.  The presentations of each dish were very well done.  Some dishes had their own little pot or own little plate however this did become an issue when it was time to put food on your plate (spacing).  The desserts were a bit weak even though the colors made it very tempting.  For example, macaron's quality/texture was what made it bad.  The shell was too crunchy where if you put some force on it, it would just crumble.  . . The service and decor were both great.  The restaurant is not like other buffets, it is away from the dining area and casino in the conference area.  I went to the Wynn buffet two days later for lunch and I wish I was eating back here.
Don't go here if you're looking for seafood.  Although they do not have seafood for their brunch menu, this buffet is on my top list of buffets in Vegas- the best part= NO LINE!!.  It is on the less expensive side because it does not have seafood, but it does have a great varietyof other things.  Food tasted fresh and their breakfast selection was decent- they even had red velvet pancakes!  $35 for brunch including bottomless mimosas, $23.00 w/out the mimosas.
Love this buffet!  One of the few in Vegas that actually seasons their food.  I still like the buffet at Planet Hollywood a little better, but this one is a very close second.  The presentation is amazing, the food is tasty, and the ambience is classy.  What's not to love?
OMGelato. . . We came here for brunch, but missed the breakfast service by mere minutes and ended up paying $10 more for lunch instead.  So that was kind of annoying, but whatever. We were there and it smelled great.. . I'm watching my figure, so I didn't go nuts, mostly veg, salad and sushi -- we had friends in from out of town, though, that made up for it for me. And I tried bites of some of their goodies.. . The selection was fantastic. I loved that there were a lot of healthy options like roasted turkey and fish, tons of fruit and soups, as well as decadent goodness like mini potpies, mac n' cheese and rich sauces.. . My faves:. - Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp was plump, big and poop-free). - CHEESE (they had some delicious fancy, stinky cheese options). - The white cheddar mac n' cheese. - House Sushi Roll. - Biscotti gelato (seriously. amazing.). - Chocolate lava cake in caramel sauce. - Dutch apple tartlet. . Good, but could have been better:. - Chicken pot pie (a little salty, but still yum). - Pecan tartlet. . It would have been nice to add our cocktails up front -- it was awkward after the fact to add on.  Other buffets, like the Wynn, ask up front while you're paying if you want to add on bloody marys or mimosas. But wasn't a big deal.. . The food was really fresh, delicious, not super crowded (we went on a Tuesday around 11).  The desserts were incredible and they had a good selection of sugar-free options, too.. . I can't wait to go back for breakfast!
YUM! We came here for dinner around 6 on a Saturday night, and we didn't wait in line at all. The presentation was fabulous!  In many of the food options, servings were pre-portioned into little dishes and mini pans.  Being a female who once played house with play dishes, I loved this!  It left room for little mess, but balanced with several trips as these pans take up a lotof space! . . You're probably waiting for me to get to the food specifics, but i just don't remember everything.  I do remember that there were about 3 variations of braised beef, the typical salad bar, and an amazing dessert section.  All of which I enjoyed.  . . Also, I must say, that for someone trying to watch their figure, this buffet is pretty forgiving.  What I mean is, this is not the typical steak and potatoes kind of place.  I was able to eat 90% of my meal without heavy carbs like rice and potatoes. On that same note, I did notice that the dessert section had sugar free options available.  I would certainly recommend you try this place out for a new buffet experience.
Great desserts! Water was very tasty. The sushi was probably the worst I've ever had. Rest of the food was really good, especially the salads!! Great assortment! Our server Will was awesome.
Came to Cosmopolitan to try this buffet out after hearing it was pretty good from another friend. Stopped here for a Saturday lunch around 12:30pm and there was no line! We had a large party of 18 so we had to wait for everyone to get charged and we were seated within 10 minutes.. . The restaurant was clean and was beautifully decorated, especially for a buffet, but I guess we were at Cosmopolitan where the decor itself in the hotel and casino areas were extravagant.  I thought they had more of a selection but they didn't seem to have as many different items as the Carnival Buffet. However the quality and look of the food at the Wicked Spoon does belong on another level. They serve their water in these fancy glass bottles firstly. They have a nice bread bar/salad bar where the salads are already made and dressed and ready to get picked up in small cute modern looking dishware. The Wicked Spoon is all about presentation and art. It is a unique buffet but it looks better than it tastes. . . They had a nice omelette making station here it allows you to customize your own, and even offer the option of egg whites and smoked salmon which most other places don't have. The Miso Shrimp salad is tasty and refreshing, and I loved the Mac & Cheese! Its served in a cute silver measuring cup and the top is baked so its crispy and cheesy..yum!. . The highlight was definitely the Dessert Bar. Everything just looked so beautiful and colorful, I was really excited to try a lot of it. Macarons let me down, they were dry and tasted weird. The Panna Cotta was probably the only thing I really enjoyed and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries! OH, and they have an awesome Gelato selection! I believe about 14 different flavors to try :) For $26 its comparable to most other buffets but looks a lot better so I'd probably still come back! Dinner is only $1 more, at $27.
We loved the Wicked Spoon Buffet!  The price was great considering the hotel that it was located in, and the quality of the food ($17 per person for breakfast).  . . They had big bowls of fruit & berries (a MUST for me!), made to order omelet's, lots of different breakfast meat options (bacon, ham, a variety of different sausages), pastries, cereals, yogurts, etc.  . . I was so excited to see the eggs benedict, although my only complaint was that I couldn't find the hollandaise sauce.  I don't know if it was on the egg already, and I couldn't taste it, or if they had it sitting somewhere for self-service, and I didn't see it.  Eggs benedict need hollandaise sauce!! :). . Other than that, we will most certainly be back!!
This buffet is totally cute! (of course if you're a girl). We came here on a Friday night around close to 7. I was worried there would be a long line for buffet, but to my surprise, there was no line. I loved how alot of the items are put in miniature pots/pans, cast iron dishes, fry baskets because then you won't take more than you can eat. Everything was very tasty except the blackend catfish. That was so spicy it was not edible and even our waiter have heard similar complaints. Some of the standout items were:. . Korean bbq kalbi beef. wine mushrooms with polenta. beef and broccoli. brussel sprouts with bacon/pancetta. salumi meats. AND desserts!!. . The dessert station is just incredible. So many choices. The key lime tart was a complete surprise because I initially thought it was some green tea dessert. I love how every was little, even the little chocolate cones. The gelato was pretty good too. . . Service was great and the layout and atmosphere was just right for us. I've been to some buffets with much more offerings, but honestly, it's near impossible to eat every item anyways. So this was perfect for us. We'll definitely bring some friends to try next time.
I was skeptical at first, since a $27/person good dinner buffet in vegas is hard to come by these days. . . We waited close to an hour in line on a Saturday night. But it was all worth it once I scope out the varieties of foods they offered. . . There were the Asian Food Section(ex: dim sum, miso soup, pho, BBQ kalbi beef etc.) Italian Secion (ex: 6 different pizza varieties, made to order pasta, gnocchi, etc.) Calvary Section (ex: roasted prime rib, pork tenderloin, lamb shank, turkey etc.) American Section (ex: truffle mac n' cheese, potato au gratin, baked salmon with creole sauce, jumbalaya etc.) Cold Food Section (crab crawls, caesar salad, salami, olives, shrimps, varieties of breads, cheeses, fruits etc.) And most importantly the Dessert Section (ex: 8 flavors of gelato, chocolate dipped strawberries, mixed berries, pecan bars, macaron, brownies etc.). . Many of the dishes were divided into individual sizes and elegantly presented. Hopefully the prices and quality of foods will keep consistent in the next few years! I'll definitely be coming back!
This review is based on 2 breakfast visits.. . I am not one to get excited about a buffet, but this was probably my best Vegas buffet experience.. . The dining room was clean and well decorated in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel.. . The staff was attentive and did a great job keeping our drinks full and the table clear.. . Plenty of food selections that cross the breakfast, lunch, and dinner spectrum.  I thought some of the food was really good, like the prime rib for example.  But as has been with most of my buffet experiences, there was a wide range of quality depending on the dish...and perhaps how long it has been sitting out.
Food was good and in small portions. The Desserts had a great selection. The wait staff that served us was really good. Pad thai option on the Buffet wasnt that good however the pasta choices were great.
Definitely impressed with Wicked Spoon buffet.  Saturday night dinner will set you back $29 per person which is quite a deal in comparison to other high end hotel buffets.   We came Saturday night and there was a 10 min wait.  I agree with the other Yelpers - dessert bar amazing, great variety of cuisines represented,  and awesome presentations and nicely portioned out for single servings.  Definitely worth a try!
Wow really great offerings and a reasonable price.  But really hard to find within the hotel.
This place is freaking awesome. I love it. Most food is pre-plated for easy access and it avoids wasting food. They have incredible cajun shrimp and cheese grits. I love the Cosmo. Like Eileen J. This is far away the best buffet. better than my previous favorite at the Bellagio.
great brunch...but wish there was more seafood and i wanted more meat! (like lamb or something lol). . but the dessert bar was amazing!!!!!!!! i'm not a sweets fan...but omg...the dessert was SO delish! definitely recommend people to save some space for that. . next time i'll probably just want to do dinner for more of the meat/seafood items, but the brunch was good...there was a huge selection of breakfast items and lunch items (there was sushi!!!!!!). . one thing is that i felt like i wasted a lot of food. i wanted to try a bit of everything, but some of the items are already portioned out and i couldn't finish it...and i hate wasting food! . . my favorite items: DESSERT! prime rib, sushi, omelettes, gnocchi, and the korean bbq :]
For $21/pp for lunch, here's some highlights. - awesome pork tacos. - pork belly sandwiches. - sushi  . - truffle potato au gratin. - prime rib. - kalbi . - gelato . - panna cotta. . And of course it's in the hottest hotel on the strip!
Wow, what a great price  ($29) for a really good variety and hardly no wait at all (7:30-8)?! I know what everyone is saying...why limit yourself with all the small dishes they serve their plates in.  But I loved it!  If you wanted more of something...just take extra dishes! It's not that difficult.  THe food was done to Vegas perfection.  Desserts were definitely the highlight of the whole meal.  This is NOT a seafood buffet so if you're looking for snow crabs you will be disappointed.    The fact that we went in, enjoyed our meal and left with our tummy's stuffed makes it well worth it!
Despite being a big guy, I really don't enjoy buffets. At least, not the Golden Corral variety. I have been to a couple buffets in Vegas before, (Bellagio, good, Planet Hollywood, vile), but since I was staying at the Cosmopolitan, I wanted to try theirs. Am I glad I did! . . The food was fresh, fun, andreally delicious. I really enjoyed the arugula salad (yes, I got salad in a buffet), the crab claws, and the bread. . Working my way through the buffet, the highlights were the pork belly sliders, braised short ribs, prime rib, and the Mac and cheese bar. . . Yes, I said Mac and cheese bar. You pick what you want, and they whip up a bechamel infused bowl of goodness that will make you rethink buffets for the rest of your life. Jacob whipped me up a  bowl of Lobster Mac and cheese that was so heavenly. . . I am not a huge dessert person, but I really loved them. The macarons were tasty and the salted peanut gelato was awesome. I also had an oatmeal cookie, which truth be told, I wish I had three of right now. . . The service was a bit slow, I thought. . . Overall, though, just like the rest of The Cosmopolitan, it sets the bar higher for the next hotel to beat. Bring it.
Great selection of food!  Was here for brunch and they had a great spread. Endless mimosas...winning!
I am not a fan of buffets...really, however I stayed in the Cosmopolitan for 5 nights and as a platinum Marriott member they comp you free breakfast here.  Thank you.. . I love their small plates (kind of tapas like) concept as I could try many things but still keep it relatively healthy.  They had smoothies, fresh fruit, cook to order eggs, slab bacon, gourmet pastries, yogurt parfaits, potatoes of all kinds...and the list goes on.  The weekend brunch was a little kicked up and busier but I was a frequent guest here during my stay...well at least every morning.
Visited a few weekends back and ate 2 meals there. Was very impressed with the wide range of food, and quality. Far better than most buffets in Vegas, while coming in at $30 basically. There's different types of food for all, including a rather deep roster of meats, pastas, and assorted fruits/vegetables for everyone.
Interesting cute buffet concept! Most of the foods are individually portioned into little pots, bowls, or chinese take-out boxes! I came here for brunch ($26) and was able to try a lot of different things, but could only fit at most about 5-6 containers at once on my plate. Some things that were memorable included the red-wine mushrooms, pork belly sandwich, and creamed corn. I thought their prime rib was pretty tasty as well. I wasn't too crazy about their pad thai. It was spicy, but lacked flavor in my opinion.. . They have an extensive dessert section with all sorts of cute little bite-sized pastries and a gelato stand. Absolutely LOVED their assortment of chocolate-covered strawberries - white chocolate, milk chocolate, with oreos, with rice krispies, with peanuts...such variety! My friends must've gotten full off just that! And the strawberries were large ones...not those dinky ones you get from the supermarket :). . I agree with one of the reviews below who said that this buffet is definitely a way to win an "aww" with the girls. My friends and I must've said "awww" more times than I can count during the meal. But this buffet doesn't hit high marks for practicality. You can't fit that many food items on one plate and for people who know what they like and want more of it, they are forced to get multiple pots just to get the portion they want. However, I give it 4 stars for decent food, extensive variety, beautiful desserts, and unique presentation. This buffet is definitely different and I appreciate their attempt to think outside of the box.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not a buffet guy. Vegas gets you jaded about buffets, but this thing is a game changer.  I went in for the breakfast/lunch rollover.  Went in at 10:30 for the breakfast price of $17, stayed for lunch which starts at 11am. .   The way everything is served is just super cool. It also seems to keep the food fresher being served in individual sized containers.  Lots of fresh fruit, bottled water on table, and a killer dessert section are among the things that make this place stand out. .  This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas, tempted to rate it a 5, maybe I'll update my review after a few return visits.
I loved the food here more than my companions did, but one thing we all agreed on was that whoever designed this place was BLOODY INSANE. OK they have this non-ironic crap '80s music playing, and these weird little uniforms on the staff, and the FUGLIEST wall decoration: photos of food wrapped up in clothes. . Picture a shiitake mushroom leaning up against a high-heeled shoe, that sort of thing. Bogus.. Oh yeah, I'd definitely come back for the chow, but I'd wear blinders and ear plugs.
Vegas trip last weekend and had to give this place a try!!. . I love how everything is in individual plates/serving dishes. The food was pretty fresh and tasty. I liked the Korean short ribs, goat cheese salad, fried chicken, and sweet potato fries. The dessert options were the best. Chocolate covered strawberries! And chocolate covered mini apples! YUM!! And macaroons!! :D. . Service was a bit sloppy IMO. My plates weren't promptly taken away when I got new food. Drinks weren't refilled. Maybe it was a bad day?. . Anywho, give this place a try - it gives you some good variety from the well-known Vegas buffets.
This the best buffet I've been to.  It's expensive but worth it.  Also it's a guaranteed good recommendation for friends.
Presentation was a definitely 5 stars. Lovin the way each portion is prepared in little pans. As for the food, i enjoyed the prime rib and the custom mac and cheese  station. This is probably the high class version of las vegas buffet and you dont have to stare at the nasty ordinary food in typical vegas buffets.  Will definetely come here again unless another chic hotels opens up. Oh yea, i knocked a star off because it was all the way in the back of the hotel. When ur hungry, the least thing you want to do is walk a damn mile. But.. It does help to walk a mile after eating here.
talk about a different type of vegas buffet! we decided to check this place out for sunday brunch. . . this place was super trendy and the presentation of the dishes are so unique and super cute! Not only does the food taste fresh and flavorful, there is a wide variety of different foods for everyone to choose from. . . my favorite thing were the waffles! i don't know how they prepare the waffles, but they are so light and crispy. almost as if they were deep fried! =) yum. . . everything from tiny baskets of fried chicken wings to pint size chinese to go boxes filled with padthai noodles. everything was perfect.. . will definitely go back
This is the best Vegas buffet I've been to (at least in a while).  The food comes in cute little pots and pans and the dessert bar is both beautiful and tasty.  . . The reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that the service is absolutely terrible (which might be expected from a Vegas buffet).  Our dishes just piled up on the table and we essentially had to raise our hand to get a waitress to come over.
Let me start off by saying that I don't really like buffets and I went here reluctantly figuring it would be terrible food at ridiculous prices. I was completely wrong.... . The food is phenomenal and covers every possible type and flavor you can imagine. I'm a vegetarian and found more than enough options to suit my tastes - sushi, salads, soups and too many vegetable dishes to even count and a dizzying array of desserts. Everything is pre-portioned so you're eating more tapas style than true buffet- smaller bites but lots of variety. We ended up eating all of our remaining meals here.
This is the first time I have left a buffet not feeling disgusted by my gluttonous self.  I felt like I was eating QUALITY food, and not just quantity.  The majority of dishes are served in small, pre-portioned sizes giving that tapas vibe. And there is such a great and wide selection.  Something for everyone. . . I came for dinner, and my favorites were the crispy prawns and pork belly sliders.  I love cheese- and there was also a great cheese selection (blue cheese, brie, parmigiano regianno, cheddar ) accompanied by nuts, dried fruit, fresh fruit, and breads. . . Warning: if you are a crab leg fan (like me), note that they only have the claws served in pairs with a dab of cocktail sauce and lemon in a cute square shotglass. The cocktail shirmp is served this way as well.  Of course, that didn't stop some patrons from piling their plates with 9 of these shotglasses.
The food that was good was unbelievable! The food that was not good was still better then food at other buffets. We will be back!
This might be my favorite buffet in Vegas. You have your usual assortment of dishes but all with an interesting twist. Here are some of the highlights. . . Lamb ribs - incredibly tender and has an asian flavor to it.. Mac n cheese - they make it fresh for you. Korean short ribs - thick and fatty. delicious. . Braised beef. Marinated prawns. King crab claws. . . I hear people complain about their individual serving dishes. I think it's actually pretty cool. . . The lowlight of the buffet is definitely their desert assortment. Definitely a letdown. Also, this buffet is more catered to meat eaters. Their seafood selection is sparse...where are the oysters and crab legs?
I was promised by my bf that there would be lobster here!! But no, there was no lobster. I would still give it 4 stars though - the quality here is superb, and the presentation is unique. A lot of the entree choices are put in tiny stainless steel pots, and the dessert is actually pretty awesome.. . I noticed there were a lot of short rib variations, and not enough seafood. Even still, I'd go back again.
Interesting concept most of the dishes portioned out in little dishes. Only bad thing is you can only fit about 4 little dishes on your plate and some of the portions are really small , but since it's a buffet you can eat as much as you want just have to make alot more trips to the buffet line. The dessert were pretty good.. The overall quality is excellent and it is an experience in itself.  I would go back with out of town friends and family for a special treat
There are few buffets that I will even try. I must say kudos to Wicked Spoon for trying to bring high end dishes to a buffet setting. I enjoyed the plating of the items which is unlike any other buffet here. However, much of my food was cold (when it shouldn't be) I would speculate because they probably do not preheat the plates and personal size serving pans prior to plating the food thus the food immediately starts to cool down. Also, the "fries with eyes" was greasy (and cold) indicative that they did not heat the oil enough. . . However, I will say I was impressed that they had bone marrow! and prime rib bones - yum. The variety of food was also good, I enjoyed the artichoke hearts with truffle risotto. The gnocchi with lamb ragu left something to be desired, while the ragu in itself was tasty, the gnocchi was the consistency of balls of mashed potatoes. . . Hands down, and quite frankly what pushes this from 3 1/2 stars to 4 stars for me is the dessert bar. The tiny chocolate waffle cone filled with some sort of coffee and chocolate filling with gold flake was heavenly, as was the chocolate covered strawberries. . . As to service, our server although nice was a bit lacking. It took us strategically placing our plates on the edge of the table for her to finally clear them off despite passing our table numerous times. . . Overall I think I would rather pay the few extra dollars though and go to the Wynn buffet.
I would definitely come back to this place.  I didnt come here for dinner but i think it has the best lunch so far. I love their desserts especially the one with the silver egg. I can't wait to try the dinner buffet.
Everything was great! i couldn't believe they had roasted bone marrow you can't find that in any buffet. I would of given it five stars if they had oysters and crab legs. Overall i will definitely be returning back to the wicked spoon.
Been to the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times since they opened.  First time I went was during lunch during their first or second week of opening, where there were many kinks still needed to be worked out (lack of labels for the food served, bussers/waiters having a hard time clearing plates, etc.).  But I am glad to say that since my first visit, all of these issues have been addressed, and the experience of dining here has vastly improved.. . The selection of food served have also undergone a lot of changes, with items that are not popular or not being executed well being removed and replaced (crab apples is no more and replaced by chocolate covered marshmallows, dim sum items are gone - I wish they were still able to make the xiao long baos, some desserts are changed or simplified).. . The wait is a complaint for some visitors, but it hasn't been an issue for me during the times I have dined at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  With the most recent visit being at 7pm during the weekday.  Price for lunch is $19 and $27 for dinner, which is pretty fair for the quality and selection of food served.  There is also a bar where you can order alcoholic beverages for an additional charge.. . The buffet itself is pretty organized and traffic for the most part flows smoothly.  The salads and appetizers station is located on the left side (facing the buffet) and entrees in the middle, Asian section on the right side near the dessert station.  The dining area is decorated nicely, although it is not that large.  Finding the buffet can be a . . A lot of comments have already been posted about the food, so I am not going to bore you with my thoughts and preferences, as we all have different tastes, likes and dislikes.  But I will say that occasionally they serve whole suckling pigs (each weighing about 100 pounds and feeds about 30 people) so if you do see it on the buffet consider yourself lucky and enjoy the special treat.. . From very reliable sources, the Asian station is one of the most popular station at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  The Chefs there have plans to roll out a seasonal menu starting Easter, while continuing to serve the some core items throughout the year, so guests can experience the food at Wicked Spoon without getting bored of the same menu.. . About the service, I think it is excellent.  The waiters/waitresses are all doing their best to offer a great service to the guest.  And if you have special dietary needs, you can ask the cooks and they will do their best to accommodate you.  If you have other special requests (i.e., craving for a specialty cheese that may not be on displayed at the buffet, wanting to have your prime rib grilled), from personal experience I know they will accommodate you.  Which is major kudos in my book.. . Anyway, for the price of admission, I think you are getting a pretty decent value and food here.  4 stars!. . And if you have the Cosmopolitan IDENTITY card, present it to the cashier to accumulate points towards the rewards program.. . ---Promotions---. On "Plateau" Mondays, guests can upgrade their dinner with a Fruits de Mer Seafood Plateau served directly at your table for only $10 per person. Minimum of 2 people.
the buffet was "picture perfect"... i felt like i was a judge on top chef! . everything was displayed and presented so beautifully!. . they had a number of different types of "stations": fruit, asian, omelet, meat, italian, salad, dessert, etc.. . the food was tasty too! some of the dishes were of course tastier than other dishes. I had like 5 plates of food... and i was there for over 2 hours! . . their dessert bar is amazing! :) they have a gelato bar INSIDE the buffet... their waffle cone is very tasty! i loved their chocolate covered strawberries! :) nom. nom. nom!. . by the way, I came here for LUNCH - $22.70
I went here today for Easter Brunch with my boyfriend and his mom for the first time. The special price of $48 per person was well worth it. They had a wide variety of deserts and cute little pots of different eggs benedicts, a variety of carved meat stations, omelets made to order, and also had a sushi, crab claws, and cold shrimp stations. They even offered bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for an addtional $7 if you wanted. I would highly suggest you save room for dessert and please check out their homemade gelato's; it was simply incredible! I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves good food with a new concept.
All i can say is this is a well kept secret. What I mean by that is that I have not heard much talks about this buffet. For me it was cool for the price. The only draw back is no seafood. Like raw bar ish... then again I may have not come at the right times. I have only come here for breakfast and lunch. . . I rated this place a 4 instead of my usual 5 because the second time I came here there was this guy at the front, manager maybe who was very rude, It wasn't much he did so much what he didn't do. I had asked the ladies who were checking us in before we paid if they had the pork belly sliders in and the guy walked by in the fastest and rudest way "nope". That did not stop me from eating there cause it wasn't the only reason I wanted to eat there. I later found that they did have them there which really bothered me????
In competition for the 2nd or 3rd spot of the "best buffets in town" list!. . The first and last time I hit this place up was on my birthday! I was getting so many referrals about this place, that I had to try it with my friends and family (who've all been dying to try the spot out as well).. . This buffet is located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel/Casino!! Dinner was $22 if I can recall? It was 18% more for each of us because of the larger party (they charge gratuity with a party of 6 or more fyi). . So, one of the cool things I loved & learned was that they have their own water well, so their water comes in this beautiful glass bottle, and you serve yourself (which is convenient for me because I absolutely love H2O!) I asked the beverage server what was so great about the water, and he said that the water is purified 3 times! No wonder it felt like the best water I've ever tasted!. . Another part to this experience was the beauty of it all.  The food looked like the type of food you'd find on the food channel. It was more of the gourmet-type dishes, and the presentation of it all was an A-plus! I loved how the dishes were served in little pots =). The chandeliers & paintings on the walls were creative too!. . There were a variety of good dishes, but only some Great dishes. One of the best parts of the buffet was the mac&cheese bar, where you were to choose the ingredients, type of cheese, and macaroni shells.  The chef was absolutely hilarious & made my mac&cheese just the way I liked, which was also a good thing.. . And so the desserts... there were plenty of tarts, and cups of many pleasant sweets, but the best in the dessert-end (if I had to choose) would be the white chocolate covered strawberries, even though it wasn't so original. . . However... try this place out if you're curious, be prepared to eat your money's worth, and bring friends =D
I've been going to Vegas buffets since I've been five years old and I haven't seen anything quite like Wicked Spoon.  It's a special buffet with inspired entrees and I hope that they will be able to maintain their creativity as time passes.. . What I love about this place is that they had entrees like skirt steak w/ apple fennel salad and chimichurri sauce.  They had Bone Marrow, Pork Loin, and Korean short ribs.  They had a mac and cheese bar.  They offered Louisiana grits with shrimp and braised short ribs.  I loved that they put out entrees that you'd find on the menus of legit restaurants.  I love that they plate those dishes on individual sized plates.  I love that I was able to get these dishes seconds after they were on the grill.  I thought that the entrees were really good and enjoyed them a lot.. . Unfortunately, seafood wasn't on the same level as the meats and their desserts are a little overrated.  The desserts were lacking a little in the flavor department.  They did have chocolate covered strawberries and gelato and chocolate covered marshmallows, but I was a little underwhelmed with them.. . Also...if you're the type of person that likes to load up on crab legs and shrimp when you go to buffets, then this place isn't for you either.  These items are plated on individually sized portions, so that's how they handle portion control.  . . I definitely would come back because I loved the entrees I had.  I really enjoyed this buffet and I think it's worth trying, especially since it's $10 cheaper than Bellagio and Wynn on the weekends.
Wicked Spoon was at the top of my list of places to go in vegas and i actually got a little depressed at the end of the meal when i didn't feel that 5 star feeling... I had been drooling over the pics posted by friends weeks in advance and I found myself enjoying it, but 5 days later, i can't really think of too many dishes i would go back for... . But no surprise to SY, i would still give this place 4 stars. Mainly because compared to most of the other Vegas Buffets, they do have a cool concept of serving most dishes tapas style,a large selection and you can't beat the price. $29.00 for dinner is a great deal!!!. Things i liked: cute sweet potato fries basket: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=iPghhy9N4azg0lP_S5HrkA. Salad (yes salad): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=hdhBFzkgK6B6235Cd9EpDA. That they have a mac and cheese bar: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=M2_4E_aQ9CKhPjH1w-2--Q. and surprisingly the brussel sprouts were deelicious. . Loved eating out of the little pans : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=Ym-lY0eK698v546Q_AzDTg. Crunchy tacos were good.. . Sad they didn't have the raved about pork belly bun and XLB. They only had 3 types of sushi and they were all generic rolls. Crab legs were small crab claws. I had Bone Marrow for the first time- thumbs up. . The desserts looked beautiful and were plenty : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=xDoLAU2S10POWue58tlXBw. and i grabbed a whole plateful :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=zxZDmDpWsDs2rcaWQa0ZEw. But the only thing i really liked was this lemony jelly dessert thing that was served inside of an eggshell topped with a baby macaron (mac was not great tho). Gelato was yum. Chocolate covered strawberries are always nice. . I did enjoy the desserts here more than Wynn Buffet. But i remember liking the Bellagio desserts the best (but that was years ago). . A little disappointing overall, but service was friendly (our waitress took the time to take pics for us and make conversation about our trip), everything was beautiful and how much fun was it to take some pics in the shoes and by the dog statues around the way.!
I would definitely say this is the best buffet in Vegas (at least when I visited which was April 2011). I especially enjoyed the desserts. A couple reviewers liked the red velvet pancakes but I was indifferent about it (I'd rather have red velvet cupcakes or cake). I liked the fried chicken and the short ribs. the short ribs were nice and moist, not overcooked.. . If you're coming for lunch, make sure you get there before 2:30pm. After 2:30 they cut the lines off!
i would give this place 4.5 stars~!. I usually hate to eat at buffets for the lack of quality and plain ol' junk; so~~ i decided to try this place after all the reviews on yelp.  after the major TRAFFIC from LA to vegas, i arrived at 9pm ... i was suprised that there was still LOTS of food left.  Usually when you arrive at a buffet late, they stop serving certain food, but they kept on coming and coming from the back.  . I guess if your a macho man who loves FRIED CHICKEN and GREASY SAUSAGES.. this place may not befor you.  I love their decor and plating.  Doesnt really feel like a buffet but rather a nice sit down restaurant.. They dont have the big snow crab legs that people look forward to at buffets but they do serve those small baby crab claws all cracked and ready to eat.  No need teeth jaw crackin' crab water all over the place! . . So now to the desserts... OOO YUM!!! the gelatos!!!!!!!!!!!! drools~~~. chocolate covered strawberries.... drools~~~~. mini french looking torte and fancy stuff on a pretty cup.... Drools~~~~. . enough said...
I like to try new places and read other yelp reviews. They were right on! Went for lunch...tried to make breakfast but parked in wrong part of Cosmo and took a while to find the buffet so lunch it was. Very cute. I like that everything was individually portioned in small pots and little baskets. The chinese was in little to go boxes. The wings, chicken pot pie, and bbq short ribs were tasty. There are many food options and the chocolate dipped strawberries were the size of my fist...no kidding. I would definitely recommend this buffet to anyone wanting to try something a little more unique!
Yes, i am a Fan of this buffet! For the price, i cannot imagine anyone doing better. A plethora of choices. Be certain to leave room for dessert...it's a separate buffet-to-die-for. If you haven't been here [yet] you really ought to and soon.
On the way back stateside, while somewhere over the Atlantic, I had an epiphany. I was tired of eating bangers and mash. I asked the pilot to drop me off in Vegas. . . I was heading back home from Jolly Old England where I was invited to some Royal Wedding. . . Other than the fact that I was indiscriminately throwing up dubs in the air through out the procession, shit was mind numbingly boring. I think I developed restless leg syndrome because of it. Talking mad shit to Oprah, who I guess snuck in, was fun too. . . That Kate girl is pretty. The prince, though, homeboy isn't aging very well. He did real good in locking that chick up. Kudos. Game respects game. I give it 3 years. I'm an optimist. . . It's fancy inside. Tap water served in fancy glass bottles. Very Chic.. . Some of the nice looking  individually served tapas style dishes at Wicked Spoon were like the wedding....bland and a pain in the ass to sit through. But, some of the other things, were so good, that I forgot about the wedding.. . The selection did seem somewhat limited, however.That's just a heads up for you Vegas buffet fanatics that like to sneak out food from.  I'm looking in your direction, Filipinos.  I got eyes on you.
The presentation and plating at this buffet were great, although most of the food looked better than it tasted.  There were a few delicious dishes...the red velvet pancakes were yummy, as was the Korean bbq.  There were also tons of yummy desserts.  While it wasn't my favorite, I would definitely go back.
Let me begin by saying I hate buffets.  I don't want to eat a huge amount of food in a sitting and I don't like that the food is often basic and boring made to appeal to the masses.  So when I give Wicked Spoon 4 stars, that's crazy-high praise. And you'll see that I clearly had a totally ridiculous amount of food. And needed a big nap for the next few hours.. . We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 2 nights and were allowed to enter both mornings for free so we visited the breakfast buffet twice.  For Elite Marriott members, the hotel does not offer a club-level breakfast so this is the amazing concession.  . . Got in line around 9:30A the first morning and it was a 20-30 minute wait.  Asked the cashier if we could go right in but were told we needed to wait in line.  No worries, but we did see others ask the same question and get seated right away.  Mentioned that the 2nd day since we got up a bit later and the line was a bit longer and the cashier said we were supposed to jump to the front of the line.  So, I guess it all depends upon who is working the register.. . Both mornings, it took a while to be seen by a server for our drink order and our dirty plates were never removed until we left.  Seems they have way too many tables per server.  Service gets a 1(at best) and isn't factored in to the rating since it's a small part of the experience.. . SO many choices.  I had read about the Red Velvet Pancakes and got one of those with some sour-creamy warm icing on the side. Turns out the pancake alone was dry and very boring.  Oops, forgot about that frosting which made it phenomenal.  What is in that stuff??!. . They had 3 varieties of Eggs Benedict in adorable little individual pans.  I tried 2 different types the 2 different days and both were awesome.  One had a biscuit, one had tender pork, both I recommend.. . Tons of fresh fruit.  I must have had half a plate of berries.  Yum, yum, yum.  Also small cups of different fruit smoothies.. . Nice smoked salmon area with a few varieties and all the accoutrements.. . Best thing on the entire buffet were the warm cinnamon buns.  My husband (who is not into sweets at breakfast AT ALL) agreed.. . They have the chef making the custom omelets which always has a line in every buffet, the bacon and sausages, potatoes and a bazillion other items.. . Turns out the items I had the first day, I pretty much repeated the next day because it was all terrific.
I know buffet sounds cheesy, but this is not like any normal buffet.  This buffet is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and worth a try just for the "huge" I mean the size of my hand "huge" chocolate covered strawberries (I've included pics).  Every dessert I tried was divine.  Yes, I had a few samplings.  Besides, the dessert table, the food was equally delicious.  They had a smorgasbord of every ethnic dish to desire your craving.   There were several restaurants inside the Cosmopolitan, but this one was memorable.  Now there are many fine dining in Vegas, many I would give 5 stars to, but I'm not reviewing those.    As for buffet, this was one of the best I've experience.  If you're the poor chump stuck at some conference at the Cosmo and can't leave the hotel then I recommend this place.
I recently had the pleasure of dining at the Wicked Spoon for dinner and was again impressed with the quality of the food. Their meat selection included lamb, prime rib, korean bbq short ribs, turkey, and roasted chicken. They also had crab legs, shrimp cocktail, and assorted varieties of sushi. One thing that has declined since my last visit was the dessert section. There was not much variety - mostly strawberry short cake, chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered marshmallows, and gelato. . . Prices seem to have gone up a few dollars, but the buffet's prices are still on par with the other higher end buffet offerings on the strip (Bellagio, Aria, Planet Hollywood, Paris, BUT not Wynn - Wynn's still the priciest).. . Service has also improved, since my last visit. Seeing as how this was my third trip to Wicked Spoon, I can proclaim it to be one of the best buffets on the strip - for some off strip action check out the M Resort's Studio B Buffet.
We went for the breakfast buffet and my lasting impression is WHAT A LOT OF MEAT haha!  This is no bad thing for me, but I think they could include a lot more fruit.  Anyway what I had was delicious.  Eggs done just the way I liked them, awesome bacon and sausages, ham on the bone, granola, fruit smoothie, two types of smoked salmon - yeah I really pigged out but at $17 for breakfast you have to!
Some elites will argue with me on this, but I honestly love this buffet.  They have various foods you don't find at any other, like bone marrow, for example.  Given that they place most food portions in either mini pots or frying baskets, or small plates, I like it.  Personally, I like keeping my food separate so they don't mix in together, so their style suits me well.  It's also for freshness reasons.  Imagine a large vat of salad like you see at most buffets.  Notice how the bottom part of it ends up soggy?  With the small plates of salad, for example, when placed in individual plates, it stays fresher and doesn't get all yucky.  Saves them money that way, too.  . . The dessert table was my favorite.  I loved everything they served. . . Great variety, lovely atmosphere and good food.
The scene: Saturday night dinner ~830pm.  I like it better than the Bellagio buffet but not as much as the Wynn--but I haven't been to the Wynn in maybe 6 months.  Wicked Spoon doesn't feel like a buffet.  The decor is high end, you eat with nice silverware and a place mat.  They leave a bottle of in-house filtered water at the table.  There are a lot of items with short rib in it--pasta, pizza, etc (always a good thing).  Also, several lamb items.  The prime rib was good--they don't over cook it like some buffets, it was a nice medium rare.  The polenta with mushrooms is amazing.  The whole fried prawns from the Chinese station seemed cold in the middle?  The mango sorbet was amazing, the chocolate covered strawberries, as well.  The buffet is a giant, I didn't even get to one wing of the buffet, I was so stuffed.  I would definitely go back again.  I like that they serve many of the dishes in individual mini metal pans with lids.   They keep the food warm longer when you are piling copious amounts of food on your plate--consumption of which will at most buffets result in the last few items being cold.  The other thing I like about this buffet is that the offerings are more unusual than what you usually get.  They still offer the standbys like prime rib and snow crab legs, but also Korean beef salad, bone marrow, and lamb ribs.
mMmmm probably one of the better buffets I've been to. . $30 for dinner on a Saturday night.. Service was good, plates were consistently cleared out and water was filled at all times =). I love the silverware and how the water was bottled =P. Food quality is pretty above average. I love the portion control and the presentation.. Some of my favorites:. - braised beef : very tender and full of flavor. - cheesy potatoes w/ truffle : yummm, very delicious. - crab claw cocktail : juicy claw meat . - shrimp cocktail: delicious sauce . - miso salmon : cooked perfectly. . dessert selection is pretty impressive too! They have chocolate covered strawberries, however I wasn't too fond of the stuff they added, like little crispy chocolates, I would have enjoyed it better plain. . . Also, they serve beer and wine!
So everyone is talking about the little dishes and that you can get more if you feel the portion size is too small.  Well, let me tell you the little dish concept is great but they still have an enormous amount of food in them.  We couldn't always eat everything in the dish.  . . Someone gave a tip on the gnocci and I agree it was one of the best I've had.  The selection is amazing and while I'm not a huge dessert person, I did save room and was glad I did. From homemade kit kat bars to real italian gelatos to key lime mini pies and all the pretty foo foo desserts, it was amazing.  Wish we had come a little later so we could try the Asian selection that comes out closer to lunch time.  Ironically, their chimichurri for the prime rib was the best I've ever had - including my own!  A free bloody mary or champagne makes the price tag of $22 for a weekday brunch a great deal.  I liked it better than the Wynn buffet.
I went here for dinner on an empty stomach and ate a lot...but I wanted to eat more since I couldn't try all of their tasty looking foods~ ($75.67 for two).. . Oh, it was kinda weird because you pay first, and the guy at the front was like, do you want to leave the tip now, or after? O_o Why would I leave it BEFORE my meal when I don't even know how the service was? . . The dessert selection is extensive. So much to choose from...I wanted to eat it all. LoL.. . I guess I just have to go back so I can try the other things~
Yay for buffets! . . My friends and I came here after reading the reviews and we figured this place is only hyped up so we had to try it.... .  you have to walk forever just to get to it (we learned later that this long walk came in handy after the meal) . . The decor is really nice and the staff us super friendly. They clean your plates asap and are really good about bringing the drinks. . Selection is fairly good especially the desserts! Here's a list if my faves. . -Korean short ribs. -Watercress salad. -Gnocci. -Gelato. -Choco covered strawberries...minus the oreos. -Prime rib. -Shrimp. -Beef and Chinese broccoli (however, I only like the broccoli because its Chinese broccoli. -My friend said the general Tso chicken was good and so was the salmon. . They also have a whole slab of bacon... that they cut for you in thick slices.. ZOMG yummmm. . I would pass on the sushi though. the rice us kind of hard and the selection sucks. Also Mac n cheese... Below what I expected. My least favorite was their eggs Benedict.... Too runny and too rough. . Overall awesome experience althoughstill prefer planet hollywood
$35 for dinner - totally worth it!. . This is a buffet located inside the new Cosmopolitan hotel. My friends and I arrived before 5 PM so we didn't have to wait in line for too long. . . I really like the unique style of this buffet! A lot of the food comes in individualized portions in cute little pots and pans! Super cute! And I guess it also helps you with portion control if that's your thang... but it's probably not if you're coming to a buffet. hahah... . They have a pretty good selection of food. Crab legs were okay, lamb was tasty, kalbi was surprisingly pretty good, and they even had bone marrow! Crazy! But honestly I was not a fan of the bone marrow. I felt like I was eating globs of fat served in a bone. Blehh but I admit, it's very unique so I applaud Wicked Spoon for that! I absolutely loved the fresh mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes. If you're a fan of caprese, you will love this. They also have a mac and cheese bar you can take advantage of. Everything else was pretty standard. . . My favorite part was the dessert bar. I ooh-ed and aah-ed at the display of all the beautiful desserts! There was a wide variety of chocolatey things, tart things, fruity things, etc. I loveddd the lemon jello/custard dessert with the pine nuts and mini macaron on top! MMM! They also have gigantic chocolate covered strawberries and a gelato bar among many other sweets.
This buffet is not like any I've ever been to before.  They plate servings of their food on individual plates; you won't find any large trays of food sitting above blue flames here!  Also, every item of food sounds like something that could be on a menu at a nice restaurant.  Between me and my girlfriend, we tried a lot of the dishes, and I found that around 50% of the things I tried were delicious.  The other 50% were usually either too bland or too salty.  That being said, this was my first time at the Wicked Spoon, so I didn't really know what was good and what to avoid.. . My favorite was the gnocchi, which was rich and creamy (almost ricotta status) and came in a creamy meat sauce.  The crab legs were cooked in lemon, butter and thyme, and it was very tasty and well cooked.  I had heard about the wonderful bone marrow, and I definitely love myself some osso bucco, but honestly, bone marrow by itself is not my cup of tea.  Maybe if I had thought to spread it on some french bread, my opinion would change, but alas, I did not think of it at the time.  General Tsao's chicken was good for the diner who doesn't like to stray from his/her Panda Express-comfort-zone.  Despite high expectations, truffled potatoes were just potatoes to my palate.  Green gazpacho was too acidic; I would forget the novelty and use red tomatoes next time.  I don't remember which pizza I tried, but ignoring the slightly stale-tasting crust, it was quite delicious; would definitely want to try this freshly baked.  This is all I can remember right now; if I remember anything else, I will add it on later.. . I was disappointed that I didn't read all the reviews about the wonders of the dessert bar beforehand, because we didn't allow any stomach vacancy for sweets.  We meant to... but I'm a savory guy at heart, and it's hard to stop myself when there's so much to try.. . Bottom line:  I don't know if $35 is high or low for a nice, Vegas buffet, but (once my next paycheck gets cashed) I would hop right back in line at the Wicked Spoon, and go straight for the standouts from my last visit.  AND, I would save room for dessert!
The Wicked Spoon is so much fun! For starters it's in the Cosmopolitan so making the trek through the swanky hotel makes you feel like you just stepped onto the set of Sex and the City. Not knowing this, we were a teensy bit under dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. We went on a Tuesday night and there was absolutely no wait. The buffet is on the higher priced side for Vegas at $35 a pop, but everything is so cute it's worth it. . . They've got a huge range of dishes from the regular stuff like prime rib and crab legs to Chinese food to cheese grits to kal-bi. I was a little disappointed in their sushi section, which was very small and lackluster. These pre-made tossed salads in individual portions is a cute idea, but was soggy by the time you picked one up. May I suggest a salad bar attendant who makes you a custom salad like the mac and cheese guy who mixed you a custom mac and cheese on the spot? . . The dessert bar is definitely the highlight of the buffet! It's huge and have every kind of fancy dessert you can think of (macaroons MIA though). The best thing on the dessert bar was the chocolate orange souffle, which was amazing! I also enjoyed the gelato bar. You've gotta try the toasted peanut and biscotti, I'm having a craving just thinking about it. I need a Wicked Spoon in a city near me!!
Great variety and above average quality for a buffet. Excellent prime rib and desserts. Walking through the swanky Cosmopolitan was definitely a plus.
I was very sad to learn that there was no mac and cheese bar at lunch... however, this place gets 4 stars for:. . 1. Damn good Korean BBQ!!!!. 2. Really really good desserts. 3. Beautiful presentation. 4. Unique dishes for a Vegas Buffet. . But I think I'd prefer coming for dinner next time.  The dishes seem more impressive in  way that would be worth the 5 or whatever more dollars you pay.
The service was absolutely amazing!  The waiter was always on top of it! Our old plates were immediately cleared away and drinks topped off!  The selection of food is great!  I wish I could try everything. Even being there for 2.5 hours, I couldn't do it!  I like how most entrees are individualized!  My favorite was the prime rib, olive salad, K BBQ ribs, and let's not forget GELATO!!!
Overall:  This is by far the best buffet in Vegas.  I define best in terms of quality and value (NOT Price, but what you receive in terms of what you pay).  Lines are non-existant because this is still a diamond in the rough (and out of casino traffic's way).  Best quality buffet food - comparable to some low-end fine dining restaurants in Vegas i.e. Fleur de Lys @ Mandalay.  Price is still reasonable as it's cheaper than Wynn's and Bellagio's buffet price, but comparable or even better quality food.. . NOTE: As of 05/27/2011, they've raised their prices yet again to $35/person for dinner.  About a month ago when I went, it was $29/person for dinner.. . Setting: Dinner w/ friend and his wife on Friday, 05/27/2011. . Must EAT: Roasted Beet Salad, Bone Marrow (season w/ the Sea Salt, and don't forget the bread by the carving station to scoop it out), 5-Spice Ribs, Polenta and Mushrooms (forgot name of dish), Truffle Mac & Cheese, Sweet Potato Fries, Pecan Tart, Tiramisu. . Thumbs Up: Coq Au Vin, Prime Rib (tastes different and much better than other buffets),  Cream of Squash Soup w/ Jalapeno, Cheese selection, Chorizo Pizza, Watermelon Gazpacho, Shrimp Cocktail, Pistachio Chocolate pudding, and Fruit Selection. . Tip: They offer an all you can drink Merlot for $7, so take advantage if you like wine w/ your food.
I really enjoyed the buffet, they served many of their items on small plates, so it's easy to grab and go.  I don't believe they have a very large seafood selection, but they did have plenty of meats.  The bone marrow and beef rib were good!  They also have plenty of chocolate dipped strawberries in the dessert section, which I really liked!  The best thing about it was there were no lines!  We came on a Saturday night at 7pm, and we waited maybe 10 minutes before being seated...it's the fastest we have ever been seated at a buffet table.  The price was around $30 for dinner, which I thought was a good value.  The buffet has a large variety of sushi, meats, asian dishes, salad...I wish they served jumbo shrimp and crab legs like Wynn (the only real disadvantage), but if you aren't a huge fan of shrimp or crab legs, then the buffet at Cosmo is the next best option!  Service was also very good, they even offered us coffee and tea after our meal, and they didn't rush us out of the buffet like many places do.   I will definitely be back, hopefully the wait times remain short and they don't raise their prices.
This was by far my favorite buffet in Vegas! . . Fresh gelato bar,  marcarons.. all you want.. . The wine reduction muschrooms. GREAT korean BBQ!. . The quality of food was amazing!  If you want unique food, served in perfect portions and displayed beautifully you will love it!. . RELAXING beautiful YUM!  :)
NOTE:  this review is for dinner only on a saturday night. . TIP: this place has more small dishes than food you can get with tongs, so get 2 plates and fill them with 4 little dishes each (will be heavy though).. . This buffet is better than the wynn buffet (no more rack of lamb, and lack of creativity) and currently the best right now.  Had alot of big ticket items such as chocolate dipped strawberries with either nuts, crushed oreo, and crushed toffee.  These are the stemmed strawberries which are much more expensive.  They also serve blueberries, blackberries, and rasberries which are much more expensive then cantalopes and honeydew.  Lots of different gelato flavors to choose from such as tiramisu, pistachio, lemon, mango, and peanut butter.  They even have bone marrow to smear on crostini.  Lots of small dishes, most very good.  lots of different fish dishes with salmon by far the best (very tender).  mac and cheese bar where you choose which cheese and ingredients like tomatoes, bacon, onions, peppers, and mushrooms and they make it for you is kinda rich (better off not getting it).  Very extensive dessert section with chocolate bark, fudge, choco dipped marshmellows just to name a few (no creme brulee though).. . only gripe is that it's hard to bring lots of small pots and dishes back.
I came here on the Saturday of Memorial weekend at around 5:30. By the time I arrived, there was no line.. . The food was all placed in small individual pot, which made everything look fancy. The name was fancy, however the content is the same to all other buffets. However, the crab legs were VERY FRESH and the roasted beef was tender and juicy. All the seafood stuff was very good (especially the clams), except for the salmon which was very plain.. . I would have given this place a 3 star if it wasn't for the desert. They had a large selection of desserts. They are all very PRETTY (Pretty desserts makes eating them more enjoyable). I got a tiramisu, the chocolate moose, pistachio and vanilla ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, and this berry tart. The tiramisu and the chocolate covered strawberries were good. I especially loved the moose, because it was in a chocolate-made bowl. . . One thing i didn't like about the Wicket Spoon is that they don't have enough waiters, and the waiters are very forgetful. I asked my waiter for a cup of coke and a spoon at least twice, but he never brought them over. 20 minutes later, I had to
From May 2011: We went for brunch; the wonderful transition between breakfast and lunch where you can have biscuits and gravy with your sushi and prime rib. The presentation was very cute, the variety was good, the service was great, but the food was mediocre.. . From December 2012: Much better experience than the first time in May of 2011!! Perhaps it was the company? Or maybe the unlimited mimosas? Either way, this place is delightful. Everything was tasty and in small enough portions that you can try A LOT! The waiter was very nice and allowed us to use our empty champagne glasses as table decor. I'd definitely go back! Totally worth it!
Came here on a Saturday night for dinner with the boyfriend. Price was $30 per person. Ack! However, the ambiance and the service was quite worth it. Most of the food at the buffet is served in little pots and pans pre-pared. I like it because I don't eat a lot anyways and I want to sample everything. I think it is very cute! Each dish was savory and the ingredients used were fresh. Desserts included macaroons and gelato.. . Pros: Classy/Modern Atmosphere. Fresh Ingredients. Pre-pared dishes in little pots/pans. . Cons: The Price =(
This not a place to come if your on a diet. :) . Lets start with the bad ... $35 a pop per person x 4 + tip Total $170.00 ... . After the initial shock at the counter paying for it ... this is what i was thinking ... dam should of left the kids at home (LOL). Now for the good ... very very very cooooool place you need to try it even though the sticker shock. What i liked about it was bunch of small individual dishes lots of things to try ... I stayed away from the prime rim having a small taste from my wifes ... it was really good ... i was there to try everything just a little bite ... i tried my daughters mac and cheese ... i have to say its the best mac and cheese i have tasted ... had bacon in it  ... the potato and truffles was very tasty, Salmon was good, crab legs good, shrimp cocktail good, I didn't try the Korean BBQ ribs ... but my son did he went back for seconds ... the sushi was ehhh ... but its a buffet ... i would skip this and save room for something else ... forgot the names but all 3 types of pizza was good very thin. great many varieties of salad and breads. I like the Louisiana section of the buffet all the dishes was good seafood was good as well. They had bone marrow skipped that looks good though i mean real good like blow your diet good ... ok this is the best part ... if your going to blow your diet ... do here goto the desert bar ... yummy chocolate some of the deserts were like ehhh ... but when you find the one you like you just keep gong back for more :)  ... if you got the cash to blow try it ... but don't do what i did ... ate everything and forgot to take pictures of the food again.
First thing you'll notice about the Wicked Spoon Buffet is the creative presentation of their dishes. I absolutely loved the concept of individual portions at a buffet! Most of the portions were just right and it made each dish appear mouth-watering...I couldn't wait to get my hands on the food as soon as I entered!!. . Some standouts I sampled were:. -Arugula salad with Burrata, tomatoes & balsamic vinaigrette? (Sorry, this salad didn't have a label) But hands down, this was the highlight of my meal! I regret not getting another one :(. -Asiago stuffed Gnocchi with Spring Vegetables in aBrown Butter Sage Sauce. So rich, so filling, so delish!. -Cauliflower Gratin. I don't even LIKE cauliflower but this was amazing.. -Roasted Mushroom Polenta. Smooth and full of flavor.. -Salty Peanut Gelato. THIS IS A MUST-HAVE! It tasted like a Snickers bar :) . . Sadly, there were some misses too:. -Mini Eggs Benedict. Looked downright adorable in its little container but the poached egg just wasn't cooked properly. Too runny for my liking & I found an egg shell in it :(. -Slab bacon. I didn't dig the loads of fat on this one.. -Breakfast items such as Sausage, Hash Browns & Bacon. I've had better. . -French Macarons. Yes, I was very excited to see Macarons at a buffet! Yes, I was severely let down as well.. . Overall, this buffet is definitely worth checking out. The downfall to the individual dishes is that I just didn't have room to try everything I wanted to because I filled up so fast! Share your dishes & choose wisely, my friends :). . Some extra tips:. -Service was great.. -The dessert section was unimpressive (except for the gelato!) The Wynn & M Buffet totally got Wicked Spoon beat on desserts.. -Don't leave without tasting that amazing Burrata salad! You won't regret it :D. -Wide variety of food with high-quality, gourmet ingredients. I would say this is a notch above M Buffet, but still not as good as The Wynn Buffet.
$35.00 per person. very classy food. bomb crab leggs~!. gelato ice cream
OMG I loved it!  It was $44 a person with 18% gratuity already added since we were a party of 12... thought it was a bit pricey at first, but the quality of food here was top notch!  I never been to a buffet and thought that the quality satisfied me over quantity. I did not have to stuff my face to feel satisfied.  I have tasted just enough delicious food and left happy without feeling 100lbs heavier!. . I know that we don't go to  buffet and expect good service, but if we already paid 18% gratuity, I expected the service to be 18% worth.  Our waitress kept forgetting to bring my apple juice :(  and she made it seem like it was my fault for not reminding her so minus 1 star here.. . The location of the buffet was a bit strange as well.  We walked pretty far from the main retail/restaurant/casino area of the hotel.. . Try to go early if you can.  We went around 5:30 and we didnt have to wait in line at all, but when we were about to leave around 6:30/7pm a long  line started forming right outside!
2 of the best things that could possibly happen when you have dinner is that its a buffet (lots of choices) and its free.  Well not exactly free but it was a celebration of my niece's graduation from HS (Congrats Megan - Valedictoria and future Hoya alumni).  . . The location for this buffet is inside the Cosmopolitan (a James Bond glossy new casino in the strip).  this is my second visit to the Cosmpolitan but it was not a destination for me for gambling (too pricey) or partying (bit old for that),  Back to the buffet,  Our group was seated in a section separate from the rest of the Buffeteers(?) but we still had to go to each station like a normal customer.  . . The choices were varied like most buffets. I often stay away from the more common items I can get anywhere else so I tried mostly stuff I normally would not find on a my daily fast food meal hunt.  There were a lot of choices that I would enjoy and also was good for my partner who is a pescaterian (he eats dairy, seafood but no red or white meat).  I agree with the other comments on the little pots for some of the dishes.  It really is designed to share and takes up most of the space of your plate.  I found the Gen Tso's chicken good and crunchy.  The ratatatouille was pleasantly steamed without being overcooked but needed a base sauce.  The shrimp miso salad was fine.  The ceviche passable.  The gazpachos bearable.  The prime rib was great with a little salt and the bone marrow as the sauce (yes bone marrow).  I am not a big buffet eater but thoroughly enjoyed the availability of many choices.  . . Truly the dessert choices was really good but too much sugar for someone who has to watch his sugar level.  The gelatos (esp pistachio and mango) tasted great.  The custard/flan was fine.    Overall the service and food deserves 4 stars.  The best part was that the place was not overcrowded.  I think the pricing is higher than most buffets but if the selection is good then its worth it.. . The Wicked Spoon was Wickedly Good for the Stomach!
The food overall is good. I went there once for dinner in April and once this past weekend for brunch. Dinner is better in my opinion since i'm not always a huge fan of breakfast food. The food comes in little pots, pans, and plates which is very cute; HOWEVER, you can't get a lot of food at one time since all that takes up a lot of space. I like their cocktail shrimp and crab claw(dinner). Everything is peeled for you which is always a bonus! The korean style ribs is very good! Sometimes a little on the ssalty side but its yummy! The pork belly with the chinese steam bun is SOOOOO GOOOD!!! I think they only have that for dinner though :( .The spicy tuna rolls is one of the better ones i've eaten at a buffet in general. The dessert is 50/50 for me. The plus is the gelato and the HUGE chocolate covered strawberries. The con is everything else isn't that good. They don't even have cheesecake! The price for brunch is $29~which is $32 plus tax. Dinner was $29 as well but that was in April I don't know if it went up. Overall very worth it and delish! Its a MUST TRY!
The wicked spoon was awesome to say the least!. . I felt like a kid in a candy store. The atmosphere was nothing like ive seen at a buffet before. Everything was so nicely placed in individual servings. It definitely had a "cuteness" factor to it if i must say. $35 per person was not bad.. . My highlights:. *Prime Rib- Yum Probly the best ive had, It was done just right cooked rare.. *Lamb- Super juicy, cooked just right again, I came back for seconds. . . I know alot of people raved about the dessert area, it looked really nice but nothing there tasted "yummy" I grabbed probly a plate full of items and took one bite of each and said "ehhh". . . Overall Still a great experience and I really enjoyed eating here.
Wow. Very good Food. Nice cashiers very nice waiters. . Food very good desserts delicious. . Everything was Perfect. . Only neg points: no hot tea for lunch & no signs what you are eating. You always Must ASK somebody. . Overall very good.
This is a good one! The selection is not very large but what they have they do well. My favorite item was the mac and cheese bar!! They make it fresh and you select what you want in it. OMG!! Even though I was totally stuffed and wanted to make room to try more foods, I couldn't let me mac & cheese go. It was the most delicious thing!!. . Most everything is proportioned in small plates. The bad thing about that is that you have to take the whole plate and some times you just want a taste and end up wasting the rest. . . The prime rib and lamb station offered tender and juicy meats. The crab legs were good too. . . I also liked the leek bread pudding, shrimp in bbq sauce, meatballs, polenta.. . I did not like the tostado it was dry and chewy. I didn't try any of the asian foods. . . I think I finally found a buffet that makes pretty good desserts!! Whoo hoo! The have a wide assortment of gelatos to choose from. Dozens of mini pastries to taste. I liked their pecan tart, chocolate dipped strawberries, and chocolate shell with chocolate mousse and fresh berries.
Awesome buffet!  Way better than the standard ones on the strip and well worth the extra few $$ it may cost you.  I literally wanted to try everything they had.  I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
Their food was good. Their servers were friendly and efficient. Management needs a crash course in customer service.. . My friends and I (total 18 girls) made group reservations and when we got there, there was a mix up of how they wanted us to pay. We paid for our own meals, got seated and began enjoying our food when the manager of the restaurant came to us to tell us that WE made a mistake and we were NOT allowed to pay individually. He then told us that he was going to VOID all of our transactions and wanted us to have one form of payment.. . We couldn't understand... but we didn't want to cause a scene, so all of us gathered our cash and the manager came back and said "oh, you're paying with cash?" one of the girls asked "is that a problem?" and the manager said "well, we prefer card, but cash is ok." WHAT?!?!?! u prefer a cc over cash???? what planet are you from?. . here is the kicker.. . when he got the money, he didn't leave the table, find a corner to count cash. RATHER, he took the bill towards where I was sitting, then started counting the money in front of us. RUDE!. . did he think that 18 girls in some high heels and pretty flashy dresses were going to dine and dash? . . in the end, the bill was different by $13.28... I would've been more than happy to throw a $20.  had he figured out the difference, and came to just one of us, we could've resolved the situation instead of interrupting our meal 3 times!. . the macaroni bar is worth a try... it was like all the other buffets in vegas. decent, but nothing really worh all that hassle for a meal that was $50 bucks. Take me to in and out in a cab and i'll still be happy as a clam.
I went here couple days ago! It's about  $35 per person. I really like their selections but there isn't much seafood. I quickly dived at the area where they kept their crab legs.  I like how they keep it warm instead of cold like other buffets. Our server was good at keeping our table clear of dishes. I did not like their soup of the day since it tastes like plain unseasoned soup. Their miso soup was too salty. I do like their chocolate covered strawberries :) and the way they present their food was very cute! The salt and the pepper are not on the table, you have to ask for it -__-
One of my favorite buffets so far because they make some good Asian dishes. The sushi section is pretty good as well. They make some tuna rolls and shrimp tempura rolls. The Galbi Short ribs taste good. I can be a hog at that section. There is even some Roasted Bone Marrow that is comparable to Comme Ca. Some might not agree with the individual serving dishes but I like it. . . "I want my string beans to be quarantined! I like a little fortress around my mashed potatoes so the meatloaf doesn't invade my mashed potatoes and cause mixing in my plate!" - Patrick Zevo (Toys, 1992) . . Well maybe not to that extent but I bet Patrick would like it as well. If you have room for it, there is a very nice dessert bar with Gelato, Tarts, Marshmallow Lollipops, etc. I am not much of a dessert person but I found some things that tickled my taste buds there. I will definitely be back.
good selection with great tastes from around the world.  I must say that the creamy polenta was absolutely delicious and incredibly savory which I love, the mushrooms in it were very tender and fresh and when you bit into them they exploded with flavor, after that the Korean beef short ribs were equally as good and very tender, not even a smidge overcooked which is easy to do when cooking in the volume that buffets do.. . My least favorite part of the buffet is usually the best, the prime rib, it was cooked fine but bland like no tomorrow, it just tasted of beef no spice rub or garlic or any other identifiable  taste other than beef,really a let down when the rest of the buffet was soo tasty.  . . The sushi section if you could call it a actual station only had 3 choices Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura and Cali roll, and while they tasted fine they were very small and a very weak representation of the capabilities of the this establishment.   . . . Desert was great with fresh Gelato and sorbets to choose from as well as pastries and fresh strawberry shortcake. . Another thing that I really enjoyed is the plating and presentation of the food, which serves 2 purposes, 1st is to be appealing to the eye and make you want to eat it, and 2nd is to limit the portion size, its easy to spoon gobs of food on  your plate and not feel so bad at a buffet but when its literally dishes and dishes that you are carrying around with you to your seat you start to think "well how much can I really take back and not look like a complete glutton" and that is genius planning on how to limit your waste, in an incredibly wasteful situation.
I've tried many buffets in this city but this one is my favorite. I think we waited in line for about 30+minutes, but it was all worth it. I'd definitely come back.
i decided if I only could go to one buffet on my 5 day vegas trip I would check out the new one as the Cosmopolitan. vast food amount selection (duh its a buffet) but enough specialties that keep it different from other buffets on the strip.. . came here for dinner with friends for $35 a pop - paid for everyone so I could utilize a 25% discount from a concert ticket stub at the Cosmo I got the night before (thanks Flaming lips!) so I saved +$40 with 5 people - but still a little steep if you ask me.. . definitely enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant - bistre brown trim and amber lighting sets it apart and creates a modern, warm atmosphere to chow down in. they even serve water in Evian'esque glass bottles - its a nice classy touch though i highly believe they just fill them up with tap water.. . A minimal offering of salad choices(most are custom made already) but a large offering pastas and meats - Yes :D. . Custom pasta bar was a hit with my friends but the risottowas a bit too chewy for me. WSpoon serves many dishes in individual pots so it doesnt feel like a cafeteria like setting. . Lamb was drool worthy when the server gave me a fatty cut and the prime rib was superior as well. Snow crab legs were served steamed with melted butter cups provided on the side.. . However did question some choice of food at the buffet - especially the asian cusine -  General Tsao chicken? Seriously? I could get that at panda express. Korean beef short ribs were cooked far too rare and felt like eating taffy.. . Dessert bar is huge and had worthy enough items to try every one.. Definitely dont miss: the Gelato Bar. 12 exotic flavors that I definitely had not seen at any other buffet before. Get there before the line gets long.
I dug this buffet. Yeah, it's not 4-Michelin-starred impeccably created restaurant food, but it's... a Vegas... buffet. Usually these things are all about volume. . . And I really appreciated: a) the creativity of the dishes, b) the fact that there were many vegetables (really!) prepared in interesting ways, c) everything was well-cooked. . . The concept is gourmet, creative food served in adorable dishes/spoons/mini-crock-pots, what-have-you. Expect such lovelies as: watermelon gazpacho, poached salmon with fried brussels, marrow bones as big as your freaking face, gnocchi with veal, korean shortrib pizza with pickled red onion... need I go on? Yeah. Not your typical buffet food. . . There is a crab leg station and a mac-n-cheese bar, plus some buffet favs for the crowd. I skipped the crab legs, but was told they were really salty. . . And the desserts are a freaking work of art. Seriously. . . There are a few negatives: a) selection's not as out of control as a normal buffet, b) price is around 35, which is merely decent, c) because of the plating concept, you can't grab tiny bits of everything or really load your plate down, which means many many trips. . . Worth trying, especially if you're a foodie. It's a unique concept with some fun dishes.
No buffet is going to be able to keep the quality as high as a sit down restaurant. Trying feed that many people at one time is difficult and you are going to loose a little bit of  intimacy and personal attention. That being said, Wicked Spoon was delicious! I loved the little individual servings of pasta, desserts, etc. They had innovative food in a buffet.  Dishes that the average joe might be afraid of and yet they had them out like "try it, you'll like me!" :) . . I would definitely go back. The only thing I kept thinking was "I feel bad for whoever has to wash each one of these little sauce pans and dishes." :P . haha!
If there is one thing I don't like about a buffet its that all my food touch each other in one plate which in turn creates a new flavor which destroys the actual taste of the food I'm about to consume. Well I'm happy to say that I found a place who very well catered to my taste buds and the quality of food. I really enjoyed the presentation of their buffet. They serve their food in little pots which doesn't make your plate dirty and the sauces remain true to the actual dish. In simpler terms, a ratatouille is a ratatouille and not ratatouille with prime rib sauce! . . The service was excellent and they really were quick on taking out the plates. The guys who carved the prime rib cut it really thin which was perfect! . . Although not all their food was that good, like all other buffets there is always a hit and a miss. I had this meatball dish that I didn't like. I also had a fish dish that I didn't like but I did eat a lot of other dishes that I really enjoyed which made me really happy at the end.
If you're in Vegas, this is a must try.  It's over at the new Cosmopolitan hotel where everything just has a good vibe to it--like the Marquee nightclub, too.  But anyways, without getting too sidetracked, Wicked Spoon definitely delivers if you're looking to indulge in some of the best that a buffet can offer.  The food in the miniature pots just scream at you to take one and try.  They set the presentation up like this because they really want you to try everything since, simply, there's just so much to choose from.  Almost everything was delicious though and if it wasn't to me, it probably would be to someone else.  . . One thing I was sort of disappointed at were the desserts even though they are supposed to be known for them, as well (or so I've been told).  Their selection was good, but I didn't find much of it to be that special.  All the different flavors of ice cream or gelato were fun to choose from though.  . . At $35, I would say it's difficult to eat your money's worth unless you have a huge appetite; however, it's definitely worth going to experience it at least once.
Just for some background info, the buffet at the Wynn is by far my favorite one in Vegas, and I actually had not been impressed with any other one I had visited (yuck no Bellagio buffet for me). With that said, I decided to check out the Wicked Spoon due to the positive reviews and my desire to stop going to the same places to eat every time I am in Vegas. . . I was very pleased with the experience. The service was a little meh, but that's to be expected from a buffet. The food was not outstanding, but it was definitely good for a buffet. The presentation was great, and I didn't feel like the joint was overly crowded, even on a Sunday. I don't know if I'd go again, but I'd say it's definitely worth checking out.
Yumyum....i like breakfast here, seafood, ice cream, and etc. I wish they had more seafood in general such as crab/lobster/etc! Sushi wasn't that great. The chocolate was great. . Free comps for marriott plat which saves you tons of money considering i got billed $67 for over 300 of food.
This is definitely not your run of the mill Vegas buffet.  You can certainly eat till your belly bursts since this is the primary appeal to these establishments.  Everytime I frequent a buffet, it always feels like a mad rush to get to every station to pile on as much as your plate can carry.  This place is not like that.. . Wicked Spoon is more of a sit-down enjoy the full experience type of restaurant.  It has a very modern, contemporary decor with high ceilings, sleek seating, simple yet elegant table settings and very well presented food offerings.  The buffet offers tapas style servings so you don't have to feel like a pig everytime you walk back to your table.  Compared to other buffets the food itself doesn't seem like everything's poached in butter.  A lot of unique spins on regular buffet offerings you can tell they put a lot of thought and effort into preparing these dishes.  Service is attentive as the wait staff just doesn't check back to make sure you need another re-fill on your drink but your feedback on the food as well.. . Unlike Bellagio ($50/person), the price didn't kill us either.  $29 for lunch, an extra $5 for unlimited Mimosas which I definitely would have taken advantage of if our flight wasn't in a couple hours.  Oh well, in due time...Wicked Spoon, I'll be back!!
This place is effing expensive! But what do you expect? Buffets in LV is expensive everywhere! The line is quite long... I have never been to Wicked Spoon without a line. But the line does move pretty fast.. . I came in here for brunch on Sunday with my BF. It's about $30 per person and $37 for unlimited mimosa. Although, itwas expensive, I can see why! There were soooo muchhhh food to choose from everywhere! Egg Omelets, bagels, prime ribs, tuna, sushi, chocolate covered strawberries, gelato and the list goes on! . . The waiter is surprisingly very attentive. He always checked back with our table every 10 minutes to refill our drinks or clear the table. . . Everything here is so damn good. I ate so much that I didn't have to eat until 8pm for dinner! Hah. You do get what you pay for! It's worth the money, everything here is delicious and the decor is amazing. I love it!
I have breakfast here several times a month when colleagues are staying at the hotel. Not sure how things flow over the weekend, but during the week it is very quick to get in and seated. . . Good service by waitstaff and I think the food is good quality - keeping in mind this is a buffet. . . Favorites are the French Toast, Egg Benedict, and Red Velvet pancakes. Continental breakfast selections are nice, good selection of tasty fruit.
I'm kind of torn between this buffet. We came in for lunch and the price included a free glass of champagne of Mimosa for a little less than the Wynn or Bellagio which was nice. The buffet itself wasn't overly packed and the ambiance was surprisingly very nice inside. Now onto the food... . The buffet was not really large or anything and it offered a good variety of asian inspired dishes, though unfortunately, I can't say any of them tasted right or were made right.... . The Kalbi (Korean spare ribs) were just too tough to eat and way to chewy/thick, while the little Vietnamese sandwiches made in steamed buns with pork belly and pickled veggies seemed a bit bland and had more peppers in them than actual meat or veggies. The rest of the dishes looked good but were very dry for example, the fish entrees were rather bland and dry. They offered a soup station with Vietnamese vermicelli noodles but what was odd was that there were two pots of broth but it was only Miso and not "pho" broth which completely beat the purpose of having noodles there at all. . . What I must note about this place was that everything was already portioned for you into little cast iron skillets. The general taos chicken, fish, vegetables and mac & cheese for instance. . . Now, after having only "nibbled" on most of what was on my plate, I was excited about the dessert options as they still had a decent amount and most of it was very well made. Here were some of the stand outs in my opinion.. . Gelato:. . They even had the option of tiny cones and as with most gelato you just can't go wrong with this dessert. I especially loved the chocolate and pistachio flavors.. . Macaroons:. . Only go for the mango macaroon which has a nice mango/passion fruit puree and fresh berries inside. This was the first to go and was very delicious. There's a raspberry one but seemed to have a funny after taste.. . Chocolate covered strawberries:. . These were by NO means those tiny ones but the large long stemmed variety that Godiva often charges up to $11 per berry for, while here you can have as many as you want included in the price. They had two kind, one with chocolate dipped orea and the other chocolate dipped with peanuts. I am not a fan of peanuts so I stuck with the oreo cookie dipped one.. . Scones:. . The lemon scone was perfectly soft, moist and delicious.. . Molten lava cake:. . This was served in a mini cast iron pan and although it was not bad, it would have tasted better if it were warmer.. . And last but NOT least my FAVORITE dessert here:. . The strawberry shortcake station. You basically get to build your own little shortcake with however many pieces of pound cake, whipped cream and fresh strawberries. As simple as this was, the cake was amazingly moist and the berries and whipped cream were very fresh.. . For our one glass of alcohol, we both went with a Mimosa which wasn't bad, luckily it wasn't too strong since I don't care for alcohol that much.. . Overall, I liked the dessert options here better than the Wynne or Bellagio but the food selection kind of disappointed me in that anything Asian did not taste the way it was supposed to and this is coming from a girl raised on the stuff here in SF. However, if you just want to stick to a few of the better dishes, I would recommend filling up on salmon, any vegetable dish and the red velvet pancakes (if you come earlier during breakfast) which unfortunately, I missed but heard were all the rage,  the Mini steamed pork belly sandwiches and the on things like Mac & Cheese were not bad at all.. . Just be sure to save most of your appetite for the dessert selections, which even beat out the Wynn and Belaggio by far as they definitely were not cheap tasting by any means.. . I think I will have to come back for those red velvet pancakes next time!
This place is amazing.. . decor = modern, everything from the wall design, lights, even silverware. everything had a thought behind it.. . food: individualized portions, more gourmet style than the M buffet. what to look out for. -mac & cheese station (never in my life I'd thought mac and cheese would be this delicious... EVER... (not over exaggerating). -cream of corn . -cauliflower puree. -all the deserts . . what to skip. -sushi bar is whatever... there rolls were ok but if you like hand rolls sushi chef will hook you up if you ask him. -miso soup is bland . -kbbq ribs were rough . . overall, presentation is important here.  Taste on the other hand lacked in most of the asian dishes (I'd list them but I tried everything so I forgot what they were). Now if someone asked me would I prefer going to the M or wickied for buffet. I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing). Since it came down to that I'd choose the M even though its inconveniently located off the strip.  Now, if i never had wicked spoon before than I go to wicked since it'd be my first time.  Try new things! I encourage everyone to go here and eat the mac and cheese!!
$35 for the AYCE dinner buffet. The wait is not as long as I expected it to be. . . Food are served in small little containers, so you can control your portions and not over eat. There's a lot of gourmet type dishes and flavors. . . There's not a lot of seafood selection (only snow crab and large shrimps). There is a lot of yummy desserts though.. . It's tricky to find this place, so look for the signs and follow it. Save room for the 12 different flavors of gelato and toffe chocolate dipped strawberries.. . Also- I recommend the KBBQ shorts ribs, thai mango salad, made- to order truffle mac and cheese. I ate SO much, I can't remember what I really liked now.
inside the cosmo hotel, so course everything is so glam.... . the buffet food is really cute. there are small dishes in lil pots or baskets so you can try a lil of everything. even my server was super nice. always refilling our drinks and he even went and got us some sauces for our meat. . . i love the salami. i just couldn't get enough. . the bbq ribs, kalbi, chicken wings, prime rib, green beans were all tasty.. the desserts are super cute and pretty tasty. loved the lemon tart and cream brulee. the fruit was swt and fresh.. . the buffet is really clean.. . some things got too hard and cold so didn't taste good. . mac and cheese-bland and hard. lamb meat balls-gross. short ribs-the short rib was good, but the veges were nasty and came with super lil meat. . . gets packed fast and i would come back to try more things.
Not bad everything is delicious and exquisite $35/person was not a bad deal
Best buffet in Las Vegas.  Small portions of food come in little pots.  Everything was good from the salad to the main dish to the yummy dessert.  Heaven
Located within the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Good value for an upscale buffet in Las Vegas.  The food appeared fresh and there seemed to be good, not great variety.  As others had mentioned however, there were only 3 options for sushi rolls. No lobster tails but like most Vegas buffets, there was prime rib.  Mac and cheese bar was very cool for those who love mac and cheese.. . Service was not very good.  Our server kept forgetting our drinks while it appeared there were two people helping the table right next to us.  Strange.. . A little confused by how I feel about this place.  I don't have a problem coming back, but I if someone were to ask me about a Vegas Buffet, not sure if I would rave about Wicked Spoon.
compared to other buffets like aria which is less in price but wicked spoon the decor is amazing - large selections of food lots of meats , sausage - omelette station - fried stuff - gelato!! pasteries desserts yumm =P
This buffet was pretty good! Only $22 for lunch.  Good variety of food and the dessert station was to die for. Gelato bar? I'm there! My only complaint is that I wish the food temperature for some of the items was a tad bit hotter.  But I love how some of the stations had the food already in little containers shaped like mini pots and pans complete with the lid. No need to worry about some snotty kid coming by and sneezing all over the food. Love that!  The Italian station had some gnocchi stuffed w/Asiago cheese. It tasted like little pillows of cheese. If you like gnocchi, this was yummy.  The Cosmo hotel itself seemed a bit cheesy to me. Like it's trying too hard to be hip, but we'll be back to Wicked Spoon next time we're in Vegas.
Before leaving Vegas, my friends and I made a final stop at this place. Although we were all a bit shocked about the rather pricy fee, I guess the experience was alright.. . I mean, I LOVE FOOD. I especially loved the pre-cracked crab claws. The presentation of the items were so cute, some pastas and warm foods came in it's own little mini pots. Some of the pastas were bland but there were a good variety of foods.. . They had korean BBQ, pad thai, sushi rolls, ribs, seafood, an array of interesting desserts.. . I don't know if I'd go back just because there are so many other buffets to try out in Vegas and $50 does seem a little pricey for just the few things i REALLY liked..
I came back here a second time, coming in 40 minutes before closing with some of my coworkers and I must say, the food was so much better the second time around.  This time I was definitely less hungry.  The shrimp was just as good as I remembered it the first time.  The seafood selection I would say is very limited, but the variety of food good.  I must say the only thing that I loved loved there was the strawberry shortcake.  They were so delicious I couldn't stop eating it even though I was super full.  Since we came during closing time, that's when they started to dispose of the food and I just wanted to cry because there was so much food being wasted.  I asked the guy to give it to me but he said no.  Definitely will try this place again when they aren't close to closing.
I am not a buffet person, but LOVE Wicked Spoon.  The quality and presentation of the food is unlike any other Vegas buffets I have seen, and the menu options also seem very unique.  I have eaten here for dinner at least twice a month with visiting friends over the past few months - perfect for a quicker dinner with a group of people with varied tastes.. . Top dishes I would recommend:. - Starters: ceviche, beet salad. - Main Courses: cavatelli pasta with short ribs. - Side Dishes: summer succotash, cauliflower puree, polenta with sauteed mushrooms/artichokes. . Dishes that didn't blow me away:. - Most of the cooked fish (e.g., Salmon, Cod) - looks good, but tastes bland. - Meatball thing.  I thought this was violently disgusting, but I got over it (the perk of buffets where waste is not a big deal...). . Only lasting complaint is that service has been very slow and negligent, especially when I've been part of large parties with automatic gratuity.
Buffet inside the Cosmopolitan?  Check.  . . Wicked Spoon is slightly different from your usual buffet.  Many of the items are actually served as if you are dining at a tapas or small plates restaurant.  Curry in tiny metal pots, fried chicken in small baskets, and pastor tacos on small square plates are just some of the items served this way.  . . It's a pretty unique concept for a buffet, and it certainly helps eliminate some of the mess some of these items can create.  When's the last time you saw a clean tacos station at buffet place?  Here, it is all prepared for you and all you have to do is add the condiments.    It's also a good way to "portion control."  The small plates prevents going overboard and it prevents them on making a buttload of food, except... I can only imagine how high the water bill is to wash all them plates.. . Mostly Americanized versions of food from around the world.  Asian, French, Italian, and Mexican are some of the easy ones to spot.  Everything's fairly solid and not bad, but I do have to say the Asian selections is probably the weakest: Korean BBQ rib tasted a little off to me and the Thai curry is bland. The pastor tacos mentioned earlier is prob my favorite out of the ethnic food group.   . . There's also a carving station, with prime rib and the BBQ ribs as the standout.  I'm particularly fond of the fried chicken.  It's nothing crazy but I love using the chimichurri sauce with it.  There's a meatball in marinara and goat cheese that I'm a fan of as well.. . The desserts are probably my favorite.  Love the gelato here, especially the mango and lemon pomegranate.  The manga tasted like those Asian mangos and the lemon pomegranateis just tart enough.  There's also a lot of chocolate covered items such as marshmallowand strawberries.  However, I was extremely disappointed that on my 2nd visit to Wicked Spoon, they didn't have the macaroons, cause them macaroon shells were bomb.. . Definitely need to try the dinner next time since both times I've been here, it was for the champagne brunch.  The champagne brunch is a good deal since the price different is only $7 from the regular brunch price.  Both times also came on a Sunday and never really had to wait that long, but still suggest to come early!
Delicioussss! Let me tell you why :). . I personally love that they put most of their entrees in smaller plates. Can you think about the last time you had portion control at a buffet?! Nope! This allows you to taste everything without weighing yourself down too much!. . Their salad section was a bit lacking, but the rest of the plates were great. This buffet in particular had very interesting flavors and pairings. I would say it's a bit more gourmet than the average, but definitely not as high end as Wynn. . . Their dessert bar is pretty stellar. Not only did they have 16 flavors of gelato (which Tiffany H. tried EVERY SINGLE FLAVOR!), they also had a nice selection of pastries and chocolate errthanggg. Their chocolate covered strawberries were the largest I've ever seen at a buffet! HUGE. I'm talking shari's berries sizes. . . If you come here, you MUST try their chocolate cake (the one in the silver pan). It rests on a bed of delicious caramel sauce. ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE!
Very good buffet in the hip and classy Cosmopolitan Hotel. A wide selection of food with many served what they call "tapas" style. Which means served in small pots.. The area was spacious, well laid out and decorated. Most of the food was quite gourmet. The stand outs for me was the mushroom soup (excellent), prime rib, assorted fish and chicken dishes, gelato (excellent), chocolate covered strawberries and chocolate covered marshmallows. The one disappointment was the chicken fried steak. One of the top five buffets in Vegas. Dinner price was $34.99.. . WOULD I GO BACK? Absolutely.
I totally dig the vibe of this place and I would recommend trying it at least once if you hit up Vegas.  Why?? Because it's just so unique, unlike any other buffet.  Personally I'm not a huge fan of buffets because I quite frankly cant justify paying $30 for myself to eat one meal.  I have a small appetite and always feel like I never really eat my money's worth.  However, I really enjoyed my experience here.  Aside from being super new and clean, I really enjoyed all the different fusions of flavor here.  Some highlights include their truffle potatoes, their endless dessert area, the creamed corn, their mac and cheese station, and their prime rib.  Everything came out in pretty large portions and in cute little handling trays.  I felt a little guilty for just trying a few bites of each item and tossing it but I really didn't want to waste my stomach space on just a couple items.  . I wouldn't be as opposed to come back to this buffet when compared to other buffets I've tried in Vegas (Paris, Bellagio, Aria, TI).  Maybe it's because I refuse to dish out any more than $30 for a buffet but still, I would definitely suggest coming to this buffet above all others so far - best bang for your buck.
We have been here twice and both times...all the selections are different. To me, that was good and bad. Good because it changes the menu up a little, giving you an opportunity to try something new. Bad because all the dishes I loved were not there anymore =(. . This last time we went, which was in the middle of July, they had chicken and mashed potatoes....not just any mashed potatoes...it was green chili mashed potatoes, so yummy! I wanted to eat more of it, but didnt want to be so full right away.. . Anyways, I will be back. Next time I want to try their brunch. Hopefully it willimpress me.
This buffet was really good, but it's one of the more expensive ones. We paid $35/person. The food was good - everything is served in little dishes. Although this was cute, I felt as if I wasted a lot of food. I like to get small portions (even smaller than what they served), so I didn't really eat all of the food they had in the dishes. The desserts were really good - particularly the creme brulee. They also had chocolate covered strawberries that were really good. Overall, it wasn't a bad buffet, but if I were to pay that much I would go to Bellagio :)
So many options, tried essentially everything.. definitely had an augustus gloop moment. Wicked Spoon Buffet (greaterthan) Me... Buffet won..haha. . Total food coma after me & the bro left. barely woke up in time to get ready to go to Jet. . . Food is yummy, lots of variety from chocolate dipped strawberry, to ceviche, lamb, prime rib, crab, sushi, pasta, etc. . . If you're looking for a bomb buffet in on the strip go to the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Hotel is hella niiiiice too ;). . make sure you wear your comfy pants & shirt..LoL
I'll admit, I am a buffet snob. Wait, I mean WAS.... . I never knew what I was missing out on until I came to Wicked Spoon, against my will, with a bachelorette party. . . Let me just say - it changed my mind. Its really hip, and located in the newly opened Cosmopolitan, which in itself is fun to walk through. . . The only part that didn't make sense to me was that you wait in line to pay, then you wait in line again while they try to seat you. This ended up being a bit messy and it just made more sense to me to have you pay once you are seated. But, honestly its not a deal breaker. They also add on 18% tip for large groups (I think over 6?) which seems excessive when you pay $40 already and they just get you drinks and clear your plates. But its Vegas!. . My favorites: I loved the Asian Food bar, with everything from Dashi broth and noodles, to General Tsao Chicken. Every station served the food in little metal containers, in small portions, which keeps everything very clean and organized. . . The dessert bar is amazing, and ever changing. They have the best sorbets (mango, lemonade, etc.) as well as cobbler, mini cones, and macaroons. . . Overall, I loved the ambiance, the food, and the people working at the stations are helpful and friendly. They even saved my friend's phone when she left it on the table and we took off. Hangovers -they always  cause problems...
PERFECT for a typical vegas morning when you and your girls have a slight hangover. This place is super cute, very chic and modern design :). The buffet is a bit scattered though, breakfast is everywhere, pasta is next to tofu, sushi is next to beef..i think it would be more helpful if food is placed properly. The dessert selection is phenomenal! They are in great proportions, allowing you to take a bite at everything. They even have gelato ! It's super yummy..even though you can't serve it yourself..Well, you can always go back for more!
Wicked Spoon, I am a fan!. . Came here last Saturday with the boyfriend and some friends. When we came, it was right around 4pm and the lunch buffet had already ended and the dinner buffet was not yet open, so we had to wait for a whole hour before we could even pay to dine, but it was so worth it! We had 9 in our party and had to pay 18% in gratuity in addition to the $35/person price tag, but even with the high price factored in, it was still very much worth every penny!. . Let me start off by saying, the lamb chop is phenomenal!! The Mac & Cheese bar was good, but I didn't want to devour too much because I wanted to save room for the expensive goodies! The crab legs were somewhat salty (like most places) but who cares when you can just dip them in butter?. . I love the little containers that they put the food in; it's almost an illusion that you're at some high end place, except you can keep eating off the small plates without racking up a high bill. . . I also love the fact that they serve bone marrows. It's not everyday that you find this at a buffet. I love to smear the bone marrow on a piece of bread and use it as a spread....LOVE. . I also love their dessert selection; it's just as good as Bellagio's. . . Wicked Spoon, I will be back!
I was surprised how there was absolutely no line (maybe it was because the Mavericks just won game 6). . . The atmosphere was pretty chill. As you probably already know from a lot of the other reviews, a lot of their food are served on individual mini dishes. This had its pros and cons. PROS: Sanitary and Aesthetics. CONS: Although they are mini, the proportions are pretty sizable ( ended up wasting a lot of food) and you can only fit maybe 3 mini plates on your giant plate. . . Food was delicious especially the selection, they had prime rib, lamb, crab legs, and ribs.  A certain highlight if you are a carnivore. As for the dessert. Interesting flavors at the ice ream bar, but the cones were a little on the tiny side. Had to get 3 or 4 to equal one regular size cone. . . Still trying to search for reasons of the name "Wicked Spoon". Maybe it is a metaphor....
In buffet world, you get what you pay for, quality versus quantity here, a little pricey but worth it! Great services too...
My friend Sarah read up and recommended Wicked Spoon as our buffet of choice for our trip.  Now, having been to a lot of the big boys like Rio, Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, and PH, I was hoping to see if they could deliver a different buffet experience for me.  . . Overall, it was different in a good way.  Yes, the portions were controlled and done in small batches which insures that they are constantly cooking and replenishing from fresh.  No hidden back kitchen where an army of people make a big serving tray full of food.  Here, I saw them cook my food and plate it under the heating lamp.  I almost didn't even want to take anything that wasn't just freshly cooked!  If one is lucky enough, a person can just wait for fresh hot food to come out almost every time.. . Things that I did miss were the staples of Vegas buffets: large king crab legs, some sashimi options, and maybe a chocolate fountain?  I almost expected them to have a fountain of chocolate since it is the buffet of the Cosmopolitan? But eh, oh well.  . . For $35 for dinner, would I come back?  Maybe if I was staying here for sure but with so many new buffets to try, I'm glad to have tried this one and overall, left feeling delightfully full.
My girlfriend and I are currently staying at the Cosmpolitan this week. We've eaten at the brunch buffet twice since we've been here and the food is really great. The quality and variety is fantastic. There is something for everyone and everything is super fresh.. . Only issue we've had is the time it takes to be seated for a table. As we were waiting on line both times, we saw that there were plenty of empty tables -many of which had already been cleared and reset.  Yet, it took a much longer time than necessary to seat everyone. There seems to be a lack of concern for seating the patrons as quickly as possible. . . Nevertheless, the food is really enjoyable and just be sure to save room for dessert!!
We had lunch here yesterday and the food was pretty good. We were curious about the small plates, which worked out really well. . They clear the food around 2 pm, so get there well ahead of time as the wait can be quite long. Complimentary mimosas or bloody Marys for the adults. Lunch was $22/pp, half for kids, and free 4 & under.. The walnut French toast with mixed berries and whipped cream and the omelette bar are worth coming back for.
This may be a buffet for folks who, like my hubby and me, dislike buffets - for the excess they encourage, for the wasted food, for the lines and carnivore centric formats. This may be a buffet for folks who prefer small plates formats and who like to have interesting vegetarian, even vegan, options in the mix. . . What we found when we tried Wicked Spoon during a June trip to Las Vegas, was it worked for us for a one time stop. Whether we'll go back or not on another visit, can't say because overall there are things about buffets that give us heartburn, no matter how good the quality of the food. (If you want to know what that is, jump to end of review.) . . But we're glad we tried Wicked Spoon once to see what all the buzz was about. Overall we think it lived up to its Yelp billing. Here's our summary assessment. . . Service: 5 . Ambiance (as buffets go): 5 . Food (as buffets go): 4 . Value (as the Las Vegas Strip goes): 4 . . Here's what we enjoyed when we went for brunch on a weekday. (Breakfast / brunch / lunch format goes from morning opening to sometime in later afternoon when it transitions to dinner.) . . SERVICE: Ultra friendly, as with almost all service in The Cosmopolitan. Top notch. From check in to purchase your pass to seating at the table, to the folks at the food stations. . . AMBIANCE: Not your normal buffet setting for seating ambiance. See photos. In particular when in The Cosmopolitan anywhere in the facility look up! The lighting fixtures are diverse and interesting throughout. Including here. . . VALUE: The cost is higher than many others in Las Vegas. For those who want to chow down on the $14.99 breakfast buffet at Flamingo (where our relatives were on this morning), the idea of $22 and change (brunch / $30+ for dinner) for a buffet at The Cosmopolitan may seem too much to consider. From our view, you get what you pay for in food quality and options. . . LIMITED CROWDS IF YOU TIME IT RIGHT: There was a good sized line on the Monday morning when we first went. So we skipped it and went back at about 10:30 am on Tuesday and walked right in. Our advice - time it to skip the lines...because if they're not there at check in, they won't be there for the food service either! . . UNIQUE FOOD: As much as this has small plate formats for some of the items, served in little covered casseroles, there are also open service bins for some things. But somehow the quantities in them suggest fresher food and less "come on up to the trough to gorge yourself" consumption. There is also a large carving station for those who enjoy roasted meat proteins. On the morning of our visit it seemed to include things like ham, pork belly, prime rib and so on. . . The set up for the various food stations was as if visiting different continents or countries. . . There were standard offerings too, like pancakes and omelets for the breakfast service, but we leaned to the unusual, which is our tendency. . . Things we tried and enjoyed were... . ...spicy tofu with red curry vegetables from the Asian / SE Asian section, . ...creamy polenta with wild mushrooms from the Italian / Mediterranean section, . ...the very best item of the day, a cauliflower puree with clementines and roasted cauliflower on top (we had seconds!),. ...plump Medjool dates with feta, . ...refreshing watermelon salad with cilantro and cucumber.. ...wicked good watermelon gazpacho,. ...beautiful fresh raspberries and blueberries. . . The dessert bar, which was huge, included hundreds of petite sized pastries and also a gelato station. This was the disappointment for us. Although we liked the tiny sizes (like 2" for pastries and maybe 2  oz for containers of panna cotta) the flavors in the fruit tart,  the meyer lemon panna cotta and lavender macaron we tried weren't stellar. . . BEVERAGES: Too funny that the brunch service is offered with a complimentary Mimosa, glass of champagne, or Bloody Mary but one has to pay for coffee. (Pretty decent coffee it is too.) . . WHY BUFFETS GIVE US INDIGESTION: Even at buffets like this, formatted to encourage reasonable consumption, some folks just can't break themselves of the practice of heaping plates with food and leaving half behind to go get another heaping plate to leave half behind. Different strokes for different folks, but this is why buffets, even pretty good ones like this, tend not to be our thing. I'd like to hand out a copy of Mr. Bloom's book: American Wasteland: How America Throws Away Nearly Half of Its Food... Wet blanket that I am.
This is the newest buffet place at the newest hotel on the strip, the Cosmopolitan. It's kind of hard to find as it's not called the "buffet" and it's in some second floor corner of the hotel, but just follow the signs for "Wicked Spoon" and you should be good. keeping in line with the whole "new" theme, it switches up the menu on the daily, which is good if you like to come to buffets every day or if you just like surprises.  . . its also an interesting "tapas-style" buffet, in that many of the dishes arent served in huge trays but smaller personalized dishes. all to create a high end atmosphere(and an equally high stack of plates for the poor waiters/waitresses), i guess . . personal favs: lamb and pork meatballs, lamb gnocchi, mashed potatoes(aka pomme puree here lol but it actually tastes as good as they make it sound), crab claws, ceviche, pork belly, DESSERTS . . The desserts are what makes this place almost worth the price of admission. chocolate strawberries were just ok for me but the gelato bar and bakery steal the show. i don't know what they put in their pecan and key lime pie but it made me come back for 5th and 6ths, respectively   . . it's now slightly overpriced at $35/pp when it used to be a steal at $29/per, but the quality is definitely there if that's what you're going for.  now, if there was only a way to put the wynn/bellagio's entrees and wicked spoon's desserts together for the ultimate vegas buffet experience lol
I ate way more than I should have at this buffet, which is in part a testimate to the delicious food.  There are many selections and many items unique to to this buffet.  Duck, bone marrow, numerous fish and seafood dishes really add to the classy feel.  Wicked spoon has all the makings of a great buffet at a reasonable price.  I really liked the amount of dishes that were individually plated.  I'm sure it is much more work for the staff, but it gave the meal a much more restaurant feel.  The visual appeal of small composed dishes was much better than the usual "food mountain" I usually end up with at buffets.  I do have to mention, however, that for my money the buffet at the M Resort is still the best for my money.  Great food preperation and selection and of course free unlimited beer and wine.  Can't beat that.
Paid $37 if I remember correctly, for lunch.  This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas!  I really feel like the quality of food is the same across the board for all Vegas buffets, they're never extraordinarily good but the food is made to taste exactly as it should.  But this buffet stands out because they serve most of their food in these individual portions of little pots and pans, so cute and pretty genius, your food never really mixes with each other on your plate.  And the place is really well designed and laid out.. . Okay the only complaint I have about this buffet is that their sushi sucks.  When I come to buffets, the 2 main places I'll hit up are the sushi and dessert and sadly this one really disappointed, too much rice and hardly any fish.  But all the other food was great, needless to say I was really satisfied.  They have an amazing dessert and gelato bar, come hungry :)
Me and the girlfriend decided to eat here since the place I originally wanted to was too packed. We went here on a sunday night paid roughly 37-38$.  Food wasn't bad and wasn't extra outrageous but it was pretty good, for the price on a sunday night, there could've been more selections on the hot meat tables. If I remember there was only lamb and some chicken.. . All in all though, this buffet was one of the best, I haven't tried the wynn buffet yet so I cant compare this to that
I was really looking foward to eating here because I had heard a lot of good things about it. I loved that the food was presented in mini pots and pans like it just came out of an easy bake oven! Who doesnt love miniature things? And the food itself was pretty good, you cant possibly like every single thing in a buffet! .  The good- chocolate covered strawberries!.  The bad- they were out of celery for my bloody mary, used a lime instead?.  The ugly- ha! this place is so pretty!
I'll be honest, this place scares me.. . It scares me enough to be reluctant to return to Vegas, a city that I love.. . It scares me because if I return I'll probably eat til I burst...or literally die.. . I haven't eaten at a buffet, much less a Vegas buffet in years and after a while, no matter how much you dress or class them up, they all seem the same; mass produced, cookie cutter-food meant to feed the gluttonies of an overweight, diabetes-ridden America.  So when friends of mine who i consider to have serious culinary tastes started to rave about this new buffet in Vegas' Cosmopoliton resort, I had to be skeptical.. . I mean, c'mon, can any buffet really be that good?. . So on my recent trip to Vegas I went with a large group for dinner and with all the hype, I went in with a pretty open mind.  Yes the entrance and decor is flashy and fancy as fitting for the new flagship casino/resort on the Vegas strip.  Ok cool, but what about the food?. . It only took me a few minutes of browsing the buffet aisles to realize what the noise was all about.  While some dishes are still served in large 'serve yourself' dishes and pans, the majority of the buffet items are presented in a tapas, small-plates style.  Everything from the salad bar, to seafood, to asian dishes were presented in individual dishes and tins which one, looks better and two, encourages portion control so you can avoid overloading on one dish and finding yourself running out of space for others.  I was like a kid in a Toys R us store at christmas holding a blank check given by my parents.  Basically I was paralyzed with endless choice and didn't know where to start.. . Some highlights:. . The Mac & Cheese station - Like an omelette station, you pick your noodles, cheese and fillings and the cook will make your own custom style mac & cheese with results for better or worse and I tried a swiss-gruyere combo with vegetables thrown in for color.. . Carvery - aside from the usual roast chicken and prime rib, they also had roast lamb and *gasp* beef bone marrow!  . . Dessert - full gelato bar and and array of colorful and cool looking premade desserts.. . Best of all, this buffet ran $40 for dinner, no more expensive than any of the other top level buffets on the vegas strip.  $12 all-you-can-eat sirloin dinner at the Golden Nugget this is not, but I wouldn't even compare the two.. . I may or may not be back depending how much I want to punish my stomach again.
This is the best buffet I've ever been to, hands down. We went for "brunch" at around 11 on a weekday. Yes, it's a little pricey, but very much worth it.. . The two things that I think that this buffet has that stands it out from the rest are the delicious wide variety of food available and the small portions. (Although you can get more if you wish.) Even if the food that you desire isn't available, you can ask and they'll make it for you. . . We left feeling satisfied but not overly full.. . Sadly, it gets one star taken off for the service. I think it's a problem with under staffing and not the quality of the one pregnant waitress that they had to take care of what looked like the entire restaurant.
this will be my new buffet to hit up. . . super cute mini portions in tiny pots and pans. . . huge variety of food choices and desserts. . Not much of a wait and decor and service is good :)
I'm so glad I held out reviewing Wicked Spoon.  The first time I went there, it was a miserable experience.  I waited in line for about thirty minutes, had rushed service, and the food had so many different spices it was hard for me to find anything that I really liked.. . I would've gave Wicked Spoon three stars, but I gave it a second shot.  This time I went early for breakfast with a couple of friends.  I still waited about 30 minutes, but really that's to be expected with this buffet because there's so many people swarming to try it out.  Anyways, this time the service was a bit better.  The food selection for the breakfast was WAY better than lunchtime.  There were much more familiar choices yet they were perfected and so great to eat.  Nothing tasted too overly salty or sweet towards the end.  The apple sausage was great and I really liked their fried chicken wings as well (chicken wings for breakfast, Yeah!).  Anyhow, I guess they had some time to perfect their execution of this buffet.  I'm gladly giving them four stars.  I would aim for a five but the waiting time is a little too disorganized.
Much better than I thought it would be.  I had brunch with unlimited mimosas and bloody marys, which were nothing special.  They never stopped coming, though.  The food was the best I've ever had from a buffet.  Mac-n-cheese was some of the best I've ever had and I am quite the connoisseur.  Desert was typical Vegas buffet stuff.  I don't think there was anything life-changing in the desert section but I'm not too big on that part of the meal anyway.  Overall, best buffet I've ever had.  I would go back on my next trip but there are just too many to try!
Vegas buffets are a dime a dozen...but not this buffet.. . Pros. . - Quality dishes/entrees. - Quality ingredients (truffle oil, lamb, bone marrow, etc). - Good service. - Nice decor. - Mac and Cheese Station? Sold!. . Cons. . - Skip the sushi. You shouldn't be eating sushi at any buffets.. - The asian dishes could use some love (at any buffet).. - The crab legs were "Ok". - They close at 9pm? WTF!!
I LOVE THIS PLACE! i go here every time i go to vegas!. i love everything they have. . and they have the best dessert bar!
Still hung over from a night of drinking we strolled into the Wicked Spoon with one idea in mind, stuffing our faces. I hadn't really slept much and still had a headache but I figured that an all you can eat paradise would get me back on track.  That and maybe a couple more drinks.... . Now while waiting in line to gain entry into the promised land, I did what every bored fat kid does when waiting in line at a buffet.  I left my friends to sneak a peak at the goods (and maybe have a taste or two).  Best idea ever!. . As I walked around I noticed that they had a dope carving station with my all time favorite item...ding ding ding PORK BELLY, which was resting beside a giant leg of lamb and a perfectly cooked tri-tip. I began to drool.... . Honestly at this point I didn't care for much else.  I was planning on eating my weight in pork fat and slabs of rare beef and lab.  I was sold. I then grabbed a few pieces of humbolt fog and headed out to meet my friends and pay.. . Once in I b-lined straight to the carving station and filled my plate up like I hadn't eaten in days.  Heck after leaving the carving station I didn't have much room for anything else, which worked out well because I had gotten what I came for. MEAT MEAT and more MEAT!. . And we lived happily ever after.... . Other notable items were the salads, cheeses, and mini appetizers.  I wasn't a big fan of the pastas, or fish item I tried.  Wood fired pizza was good, and I loved pureed potatoes. The Asian section kinda sucked, but the Asian section at most buffets usually suck so lets call that a wash.  The desserts are kinda wack, minus the gelato and the tiny dessert thing with the mini macaron on top (so cute).. . Overall I just wasn't that impressed with anything except the carving station, but like I said above it was love at first bite. In fact I'm still dreaming about that succulent pork belly and perfectly cooked beef.  #beingfatrules
This is one of the best buffets on the strip, and it is also a true value. $22 for an adult at brunch (there is no lunch at this buffet - brunch just includes a free alcoholic drink for the adults) is a steal compared to some of the other hotel buffets on the strip (a.k.a. Bellagio), and this buffet beats the other expensive buffets every time (a.k.a. Bellagio). The mashed potatoes here are excellent, as are the desserts. However, this buffet was better when it first opened in December of 2010. Nevertheless, still a great time and some delicious food. You might want to come in the morning or afternoon, since you are going to eat a lot when you come here. Dinner might be a little heavy.
being a  Cosmo hotel guest, it was annoying having to wait in a long ass line for the brunch. we were HUNGRY!. even  Marquee had a separate line for hotel patrons. ugh. anyhow,.... . they served a complimentary champagne/mimosa for brunch.. =) we definitely stuffed our faces!. . the ham was good, eggs benedict, gnocchi, ribs ...geez i can't remember what all I ate! I ate 5 full plates. desert bar was heaven for me.         SUPER HEAVEN! chocolate covered strawberries, mango gellato, chocolate covered marshmallows,..all my faves! . .  I ate until I was no longer able to breathe, for my stomach had expanded and almost raptured my lungs. . . next I will try their dinner. I read something about bone marrow spread. I like bone marrow =)
i usually am NOT a fan of buffets.. but this place really puts other buffets to SHAME!. . they have a lot of individually-sized portion items & some not.. if you want to try everything.. your table should just get one of each & then decide what you want 2nds of!. . AMAZING DESSERT SELECTION.. especially the humungo chocolate covered strawberries!!!. . WAY BETTER than the wynn buffet & cheaper too!!!
I consider this place one of my all time favorite buffets in Vegas. You don't get an overly huge selection, but what you do get is 5 star quality gourmet food. Word of advise I would suggest coming for the weekend dinner over the lunch or breakfast just because the selection is way better.. . There is so much to love here. Spare ribs, skirt steak, crab cocktails, cheesy shrimp & grits, bone marrow, gnocchi, pork belly, smoked salmon, risotto, mussels, and a mac n cheese bar just to name a few. What more can you ask for?. . They do lack in good sushi and dessert though. Other than the gelato the other desserts are only so so. I also don't get a lobster tail which I hear you get at the Aria, but then again i don't want to pay $50 for a buffet. The Wicked Spoon gives you top quality food at a great price.
Three thumbs up for the newest and best buffet (yet) at The Cosmo. This was our first time here and it was definitely worth the 45 minute wait. This includes the line to pay and the line to wait for your table (don't get cpnfused)! We paid $29 each for brunch (bottomless mimosas not included in this price). There were SOOOO many options to choose from! I loved how all the dishes were in small portions so you can try wverything. My favs were the French toast, prime rib, kalbi, mac n cheese, fried chicken, the salads (pre-maid), shrimp cocktail and lamb. The dessert ISLAND is amazing with a ton of choices - from cookies and gelato to chocolate peanut dipped strawberries to chocolate covered marshmallows. Dessert junkies beware! Ones I expected to be better were the eggs benedict (should not be pre-made) and orzo (no flavor). If you're looking for a bomb-ass buffet, you need to check this one out!
Pros:. . - $35/per person for dinner on a weekend.  Yes its a PRO because Bellagio/Wynn/Rio are all around that same price, but you have better quality of food. So its a free upgrade from your typical vegas buffets.. . - Its definately a new experience since they portion out your food so that you dont 'over eat' an item, which is a good thing so you can have space for other food!. . - We came on a saturday night around 7 pm, waited 5 minutes and was seated. Thats faster than waiting in line at the women bathroom at the bellagio buffet. . . - The waiters was very very attentive and always there when you needed them. They took away all our plates with quickness so that we can go get more food. . . Cons:. . - NO creme brulee! Apparently, they do have it but not on the night we came...on a SATURDAY NIGHT. The GF really wanted it and I didnt get laid that night because of them. -1 STAR.. . - their sushi selection was pretty sad. you get to pick from california roll, spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll and a rick roll. Im going to give them a chance and not subtract a star here since I wouldve gotten laid regardless whether or not they have more selection of sushi.
i was actually surprised to find wicked spoon buffet on yelp because i hadnt heard much about it before. im not a good person to take to a buffet because i usually cant eat my moneys worth, but my friends wanted to go to a buffet on our trip. i chose wicked spoon buffet. we went at about 6 or 7PM and there was no line. it actually looked a little empty. it was $35/person and we were quickly seated. the decor was beautiful, just as the rest of cosmo. very modern with crystals, colored glass and tables covered with lacquer. soon after we had started eating, the whole place started filling up and there was a long line. . . there was a wide variety of different kinds of food, and not just your normal buffet food, but bone marrow (?!), polenta, chocolate covered strawberries, gelato, and little tiny stainless steel pans just to name a few. visually the food was just as beautiful as the decor. i was impressed. . . food wise, it was okay. i tried almost everything they had but not everything tasted like the best ive had.
Came here for lunch and although the wait was approx 45 mins, it was worth it. For me, this beat Wynn. I don't know about you, but mashed potatoes done right says a lot for a buffet. Also, come on, their desserts? yeah, buddy. I'd literally eat a bowl of sweet whipped cream (meant for their strawberry shortcake) by itself if no one were around to judge. This buffet makes my conscience think twice about preserving my dignity... I'd do crazy things for some of their succulent food offerings. They have a delicious guava shooter that I devoured... x 5 LOL. And their prime rib, sweet bloody mary, so rare, so divine. I'd totally come back, I totally will come back. It's a bit pricey though and hard to find.
Love this buffet!!!! the choices are endless and very yummy for a buffet. Food is always warm and served in its own individual mini sauce pans. Best of all the water they place in a beautiful glass container is so good. I almost didn't want to drink it....too pretty
While this buffet is a tad pricey, I felt as though it was worth the price. The food quality was good, there was quite a bit of variety and the atmosphere, like the rest of the hotel, was trendy but not overpowering. . . One of my favorite parts about this buffet was how many items were served in individual portions. Yes, there were also some "standard" buffet style items but there were also small pots of portioned out items. The mac & cheese station will be a hit with adults and children alike, allowing you to choose a type of cheese and a variety of items before they prepare the mac and cheese before you eyes. The dessert selections were varied and delicious! I was pleased with absolutely everything I tried from the sushi to the pasta to the chocolate dipped marshmallow.
First off I LOVE the Cosmopolitain Hotel! Its not surprise that the Buffet is amazing even though its a bit pricey. Very bouji!. . The most notable thing is that the desserts are exceptional and are really beautiful. This place is catered more on the pretty and danty. Its an ABSOLUTE GIRLS PARADISE! Not soo much a place for guys, there were only a few meat items which included the lamb and beef roast, which were on the mediocre side.. . Overall, I loved the small portions, cause it makes it easier to try everything all at once. The must are the desserts and puree potatoes.
Great buffet! Highlights include the prime rib, kalbi (korean bbq), macaroni and cheese station, and, of course, the wide variety of desserts.  $35 per person for dinner, but well worth the money!
YUM! Wicked spoon buffet had a pretty wide selection of food and the sushi was delicious! They had a HUGE dessert section. You MUST try their caramel candy bar gelato (i think thats what it was called?). The sushi was mediocre here, everything else was decently good.. . Service was alright. Like every other buffet, the waiter/waitress come whenever they see empty plates on the table. . . ***Parking***: NO PARKING! It's located on the strip so take a taxi or shuttle!. . Cash/Credit/Debit are all accepted here.
I loved the wicked spoon... the decor, the concept, the food just about everything except for the service. I get it; it's probably really annoying to keep cleaning all those little plates but come at least say you're welcome when a customer said thank you instead of ignoring them. Now for the food like any other buffet there are some hits and misses. . . Hits: Tri Tip, Make Your Own Mac & Cheese Bar, Salmon, Cajun Shrimp, Mashed Potatoes, Cauliflower Puree, Spinach Salad. Misses: No Prime Rib, Leg of Lamb, Snow Crabs, Pork Ribs, Shrimp Ceviche, Thai Noodle Salad. For $35 and a 5 min wait in line it's worth coming back.
This has to be one of the best buffets I've ever ate! The dishes are all so cute and it's not like a normal buffet more like a cafeteria, but with way more class. My favorite dish was the Shrimp and Grits, they were cooked and seasoned perfectly. They did serve snow crabs warm. They also had bone marrow, but unfortunately it was gross. I don't know but I love bone marrow, but theirs was gooey and tasteless. However their dessert bakery was awesome! I only had one wish that it could be in my kitchen all the time! . This is a must try buffet!
So, the hours are meh.. . The place was pretty good. Well portioned out, though as a person that eats a lot and tries to get the bang out of his buck at a buffet IT IS A NICE TRAP. By portioning things on ur plate (you can get a maximum of 4 things, then go and sit back down and finish all 4 things). Most of the area on your plate is NOT being utilized WHY? because it's being covered with the sectioned off food). . Biology lesson of the day: Your stomach is the size of approximately your fist and u can eat twice that size; Once you fill up the stomach it takes 15 minutes for the stomach to tell your brain it is full. . . 15 minutes is valuable in a buffet, especially one with quality food. You bet that I ate as quickly as possible and i ran to get my second plate and third and fourth, etc..... . Sectioning off is meant to get you fuller through simple biological neural stagnations.. . The food was amazing, you really can't go wrong going to this buffet. The dessert section was heavenly. The service was quick - taking the plate as soon as I left my seat. The tables were small.. . Overall a good buffet in Vegas, though watch out for its traps.. . Pros: Amazing assortment of food, Great service, aesthetically pleasing.. . Cons: sectioned off foods adding more weight to the plate than is necessary. Trick to get you full faster/keep food warm (i guess).
Went with my friends for Sunday brunch.  $29. For $37 you get free-flowing mimosas, bloody marys, or champagne.  Several of my friends got it and they seemed to enjoy it.. . I'm all about the desserts when I go to the buffets. They have an assortment of damn cute lil pastries and delicious gelato.  The best has got to be the mango gelato.  As my friends would say, "it's like real mango...but it's not." No stringy mango stuff stuck between the teeth.. . They have an assortment of stations which include an Asian station with soups, dim sum, sushi rolls, etc; a pasta station, omelette station, breads, salads, cheese and meats; pancakes, waffles, and french toast station; carvery station with prime rib and other yummy meats they cut in front of you...did I mention I love their dessert station?. . The cool stuff and nom noms:. The tiramisu cup dessert. Strawberry shortcake station with fresh strawberries, pound cake, and whipped cream. Gelato--peanut butter and mango were yummy. Fried chicken in the cute little frying basket  . Portions in the cute tiny, stackable tins. The dark chocolate/passionfruit puree with crunchy chocolate bits in a parfait shooter glass. great combo!. the fresh berry tart (square shaped). . Minus a star for:. somewhat dry mac and cheese. too much soy sauce on the korean style short ribs
After a day of partying out by the pool and then walking through the smoldering hot strip to get to the Cosmopolitan, I was about ready to down a pitcher of water, but I restrained myself so I could eat more of the deliciousness that lay before me.. . We came for Sunday dinner at 5:30 and there wasn't much of a wait luckily.  $35 for dinner is reasonable to me since it is Vegas and the food is gourmet.  And we spent about 2 and 1/2 hours there, so I feel like we got our money's worth.. . I like the little pots that everything is served in because not only are they super cute, but they prevent people like me from taking more than they can eat.  Plus, I get to feel like a tasting judge on Iron Chef.. . They have gelato at the dessert station which is cool.  Pistashio is pretty yummy.  The build-your-own strawberry shortcakes were good too.  They also have a made-to-order mac n cheese station! I made one with shrimp, bacon, tomatoes, white and yellow cheeses.  So gooey, cheesy and delicious!  Too rich to eat it all, but worth a try!  . . My only complaints were that they serve dinky little snow crab legs instead of king crab and they didn't have creme brulee.  If you're one of those that come to buffets and gorge on the crab legs, this might not be the place for you.
Decided to dine here on a Saturday night with 2 friends. 38$ including tax. A table for 3 consisted of a 15 minute wait, so i thought this better be worth it. . They serve everything in mini individual portions, trying to capture the 'gourmet' feeling at a buffet. Some what successful in terms of presentation however i feel that by presenting their food in such a fashion, you receive less food than you would at a normal buffet. I attempted to try everything they had once but ended up only 'sampling' about half of the selection.. . The food tasted okay, had its pros and cons. It seems they tried to get creative with the food itself too which is noted, you'll see a lot of food you wont find in a normal buffet, I thought they we're really good with some of them but some were only okay, and some were downright disgusting.... They seem to be lacking in the dessert portion of the menu, only serving a limited selection of mini sized desserts. (TBH, they all remind me of Jello with additional gimmicky decorations to attract the "ooohs and ahhhs" (gold flakes, powdered sugar, berries were nice though). Their gelato bar was sufficient as for they had good flavors. Grapefruit was really underrated in my opinion (seemed to be the least scooped from their freezer) and was my favorite in that category. . . Service was the normal "5 star fancy hotel" type stuff.. nothing too special.. . Pros:. Puree'd Cauliflower - remind me of a mixture of mashed potatoes/soup.. Mac n Cheese bar - some guy makes your mac n cheese like he would an omlette. Nice selection of condiments (i went with cheddar and jack, sauteed mushrooms, baby asapargus, crumbled bacon, and chili flakes). Rhubarb/berry cobbler - since it comes in individual portions, it seemed like a mini pie you would buy at the bakery, which made it very presentable unlike cobblers at other buffets where it looks like its been ravaged through stuff.. Tasted the granola in the topping which made me happy, the filling consisted of rhubarb and berries.. Shrimp and grits - tasty shrimps, but only two shrimps a pot.. DIY strawberry shortcake section - Easy pass on the cake, Fresh strawberries with a nice dollop of freshly whipped? can't go wrong.. . Cons: . General Tsao's Chicken - General Tsao would MURDER you if you served that to him.. Asian food - step it up. feels like im paying $35 to eat panda express, highlights of asian food included "cha siu pork" and "kal bi ribs", Cha siu uses a different cut of pork then the one they chose, so it was dry.. kal bi was overly greasy, to a point it was soggy with grease. crisp it up better.. . Crab legs - yeah, i understand that you're going for the mini-cutesy theme here.. but in reality ive had $10 dollar buffets that had bigger crab legs then this. Its okay to serve mini portion stuff but baby sized shellfish just means you're cheap.. Limited selection of roasted meats - although i'd like to say the roasted leg of lamb was delicious.. Mashed potatos - big fail, tasted like pasty butter. they add chunks of potatoes in it but your mash is trash.. DIY strawberry shortcake section - DOES IT LOOK LIKE I WORK HERE?. . Presentation - 5. Atmosphere - 5, cutesy portions attracts the 'facebook pic' crowd. Food - 4, (comparison to buffets) 2.5-3 if you compare it with restaurants. Price - 3, still felt a bit gimmicky.. Solid 4.. Would I come back? Yes.
The food is fresh and tasty, the dining room is pleasant, and the service was absolutely top-notch.. . If you want great sushi, gyros, or mexican food you should go to one of those restaurants but if you want a good taste of everything, the Wicked Spoon is your place.  There was a long line to get in even though the place was not crowded at all.  This knocks the place down a star.  They inexplicably make you wait to pay and be seated as if to slow down the rush to the buffet. . . The buffet price is on the higher end but it was definitely worth it in terms of what you got for the money.
We went there for dinner because our daughter told us about it.. It is a long walk from the tram to the restaurant on the 2nd floor. I headed down to get sushi and fried shrimp with it's head, legs and tail still attached...it was YUMMY. As for the sushi, it was okay, but where are the chopsticks??? . My next helping was crab which had thin legs but was all ready sliced. It was tender and moist. I thought for sure it was going to be dry. Tried the watermelon gazpacho which was really good and the general chow's chicken was excellent. I really didn't like the corn succotash...not the flavor I like.. If you're looking for desserts. don't get the ones that are under the lights 'cause it will definitely be dry...cookies and cake.. The coffee was bold and full of flavor. There was a sign at the entrance that said $35 Sunday through Thursday. So, I asked what the prices for dinner on Friday and Saturday and it was the same price.
The hype is that it's "organic" which I've been hearing from people's mouths is not why it's popular...it's the fact that the dishes are different from other buffets. Red velvet pancakes, food served in small pots, foie gras...just stuff you wouldn't see at other buffets.. . For $35 and quick line movement, this place is a def must stop if you're in vegas. I didn't want to go here in the beginning because I thought the hype would make this place a long wait, but for a group of 10+, we didn't wait more than 20 minutes. They didn't have crab legs, but I thought the food itself was worthy of $35. My favorite was def the pesto mashed potato, the red velvet pancakes, and the eggs benedict (i went back and got 2). They even had seaweed salad which costs about $7 at the supermarket for only 3 chopsticks full.. . The reason I gave it a 4 was because when we went they weren't making red velvet pancakes, but they were available upon request. The waitress who served us got irritated with us because we requested it and said that we were, "wasting her time and to ask the chef to make it" even though the chef had asked us to ask the waitress. I thought it was rude and was going to complain to the mgr, but I think the waitress heard us wanting to complain and then became very nice to us all of a sudden. Of course one waitress shouldn't be a complaint to the establishment in general, so I would go back.
I require myself to go to Wicked Spoon everytime I'm in Vegas.. Eating at a buffet does not have to mean leaving disgustingly full.. For $35, it's a great deal!
My family and I went there for a Saturday brunch. Servings are very cute. They have a lot of choices for the dessert. Their cute key lime pie tart is more delicious than Joe's. Overall the food got good quality but is it as good as the fine gourmet restaurants? It's not quite there yet. Since I'm not a buffet person, I might plan to comeback after 5 years.
beware, there are 2 lines to wait in: LINE TO PAY and the LINE TO GET SEATED. when we first got there, it wasn't that bad, but once we paid and were instructed to go to the back of the 2nd line, our faces were gloom.. . the service is great, they want you to enjoy the food. the food was better than i had expected, individually plated dishes which helped me with portion control. . . I went for sunday brunch and a few things stuck out:. . omelette station: not bad. about a 2 egg omelette ready in 3 minutes but the line will be longer than that.. . egg benedict: this was good, but annoying to eat. they stuff it in a tin can and you have to scoop it out, would much rather have it on a plate.. . prime rib: was fairly pink, but hey, it's prime rib. . . chicken sausage: that was good, i loved it with the eggs and bacon and pancakes.. . shrimp cocktail: 2 per container, but it was really plump and good. it's been awhile since i had some good shrimp cocktail.. . the price was worth it, $29 + tax. I left stuffed and with a good experience.. . i recommend this place.
This place is an amazing and modern take to a traditional buffet!! I love that almost all of their dishes are portioned off for you already so you aren't over eating on one single item. Portion control people!!!. . We came for brunch which came with a mimosa or bloody mary. Some highlights were the fried chicken, korean bbq, pizza, traditional eggs benedict, and all the fruits and salads! Such a great buffet!! Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
Great selection! More selection of food AND dessert items than Bellagio. As for the taste of the food, it was okay. The food item that stood out the most was the purple macaron with a berry filling. As soon as I ate one, I went back for more, but they were already gone. The wait to be seated was very fast. I took off a star because the plates were so dirty! Seriously, you can see bits of food from previous users on it. Come on Wicked Spoon, you can do better than that. It was pretty gross. Hopefully, they will clean their plates better next time.
I wish I ate more here, but I, somehow, managed to fill up on all the carb dishes. Including, but not limited to, the truffle oil potatoes!! MMMMM!!!. . They also have bone marrow! It might be kind of gross to some people, but it's quite a delicacy. Also ladies it provides a great source of iron..or I guess anemic people in general...but especially ladies who may be losing iron....but I'm anemic. . . I only wish they had some sort of bottomless alcohol drink time of day sort of thing.. . Otherwise, it's pretty good.
We came here for brunch before heading our way home to OC. It was pretty good for what they had to offer. I liked their strawberry covered chocolate with toffee, I think that's what it was. Small portions, plates were picked up and drinks were refilled in a timely manner. . . We plan on coming back for the dinner buffet next time we're back in Vegas. And maybe then they'll get their 5th star.
The Wicked Spoon is pretty new and has the workings of the new and hip buffet to hit up whenever you're in Vegas. . . I was here last weekend for dinner. The place really gets you going when you look around at all the offerings of food, and I really dig the little portions that they make for you to pick up. Also, the gelato ice cream area was awesome and the dessert table was one thing I really wished I had more room in my stomach to eat more. . . The only gripe I had is that some of the dishes were a bit on the salty side, but I feel like that would only really be something related to the chef cooking at the time. I can understand that whenever someone cooks and it's not flavored enough, one can keep adding salt not realizing until it's too late that it's too salty.  Yes, I think that's what happened here, especially to two separate dishes, a fish meal and the asian(?) ribs.. . What this place down has for sure is presentation.
Avec celui du Bellagio, le buffet de la Wicked Spoon au Cosmopolitan fait certainement partie des meilleurs buffets des casinos de Las Vegas.. . Pour 20$ par adulte a midi (soit 5 de moins qu'au Bellagio) , vous profiterez a volonte de salades originales et variees, de poissons et de viandes parfois decoupees sous vos yeux, de patisseries delicieuses et d'un bar a glaces epoustouflant. . Le cadre est agreable et au gout du jour; on apprecie la presentation en petites cassolettes qui evite de ceder a la tentation du "goinfrage".. . Par ailleurs, le prix inclut pour les adultes un cocktail "mimosa" (champagne + jus d'orange), qui est payant au Bellagio.. . Seul bemols : des viandes rouges et des sushis en peu en retrait, qui coutent selon moi a la Wicked Spoon sa cinquieme etoile
The weekend  dinner buffet is 100 times better than the weekday buffet. There is a Mac-n-cheese bar that makes the best m&c I've ever had. I get cheddar, blue, goat and mozzarella with crushed red pepper and sea salt. Plus they have prime rib bones and gelato. So good.
YUMMMMM the desssert is awesome..so far i like this more than Bellagio buffet. The crab is awesome and even the decor is awesome. They have $47 unlimited red/white wine or just $40 a person for dinner. Lots of Asian influenced food, but lots of great food though. The whole environment is amazing!!
so prettttty... and so yummmy!!. . I usually hate buffets, but I looove Vegas buffets!. . They have everything in mini-pots, and its so adorable (and clean)!  My bff and I got the brunch/drink special, which is unlimited mimosas/bloody marys/champagne along with our meal.  I think it was only like, 10 dollars extra?  What a deal, right!? . . Usually, it is very difficult for me to eat at a buffet because of their limited vegetarian/vegan food, but the selections here were pretty diverse!  Service was great too -- we got front-of-the-line because one of my friend's was in crutches (and the line was longggg eheheh). . . I didn't have much room for desserts, but I tried the ice cream/gelato and it was amazing! nomnomnomnom
This place is so unique from the other buffets in Vegas! The food they serve here sort of reminds me of tapas-style, since the dishes are already portioned for you. For example, the lamb meatballs were served in a tiny pot that you could bring back to your table! They had something from each type of cuisine, but what I remember having was korean short ribs, sushi, compressed melon salad, prime rib, crab legs and much more. . . The dessert area was so pretty; our group ended up taking pictures of it! They had chocolate covered strawberries, gelato, and various types of tarts, fudge, etc.. . Dinner is reasonably priced at $35. This is definitely a place to try at least once!
Got brunch here. It wasn't too bad. They have several great dishes and the food is well prepared. I really can't fully appreciate any buffet until i try the dinner. So for now, it will be 4 stars.
Best $29 I spent in Vegas (lap dance aside)! . We went to brunch which ends at 3pm (thankful! cuz nobody was up before noon!) . . Although I have my issue with Cosmo itself, their buffet is THEE shit. We beasted on Sunday morning. They served Eggs Benedict in a tiny carry-around pot and fried chicken in a miniature carry-around faux deep fryer.. And the salmon??? Shut..it..down. This place is great because not only is the food good, but they went the extra step with great plating. . . It also helped that they were playing Janet Jackson's "Control" when I walked in...just sayin...
Fantastic buffet!  . . Normally the word "buffet" comes with the stigma of mediocre food, albeit lots of it.  Not the case here.. . The food here was DELICIOUS and presented beautifully.  I thought it was really nice that the restaurant took the extra effort to make the food LOOK good on top of taste amazing.  They also offer several fancier choices that aren't available at a lot of the other Vegas buffets.  . . However, we did find a hair in one of my friend's dishes, which was pretty gross, but the manager apologized and comp'ed his meal, so I guess it worked out.
Best Breakfast buffet in Vegas hands down! I can't say how well the dinner buffet is sinceI haven't got a chance to try it yet but ate breakfast here twice and it truly is the best.  Choices are unlimited! Apple sausage, french toast(bomb!), bacom, scrambled eggs, pouched eggs, eggs benedict, I mean you name it, Wicked Spoon has'em all!  . If you somehow accidentally wake up early in Vegas lol go check out this place to fill your morning hunger.  :)
Good, nice decor but crowded, so the wait staff seemed overwhelmed so service was sub par. We are not huge eaters, so probably didn't quite get our money's worth. Dessert was very pretty and tasty
When I'm in Vegas with the Posse ,we love to hit new Buffets to try them out. We all were a little intrigued with the Cosmopolitan. The resident Buffet there is Wicked Spoons . . . We rolled in there 30 Folks deep . The Wait Staff looked a little overwhelmed when we rolled up. So we split up in groups of 6 and were seated . . . The Buffet was quite good it had Prime Rib ,Leg Of Lamb , Ham , Turkey, Roast Duck ,Craw fish , Mussels and a lot of other foods . . . The Dessert area was quite Big and well stocked. It was worth the $41 a piece we all paid. . . Service was good.
I've been to a lot of the buffets here and this one beats them all.  This includes Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, Planet Hollywood, and Treasure Island.  The food is great and very well put together.  I think it's a little more expensive at $40 which includes unlimited mimosas and bloody marys, but it's completely worth it.. . The only reason I'm taking away a star is that they kicked us out at 3pm to turn over the tables and set up for dinner.  I didn't think anybody buffets did that.. . Next time I go to a buffet in Vegas, this is the one I'll be coming back to,
Get there before 1 unless you like lines.  Great variety (the dessert bar, holy crap) and some of the best mac n cheese I have ever had.  Too bad it all disappeared by the time I went back for seconds.. They save wasted food by pre-portioning it out in cute little containers, but they must have to do dishes like I can't even imagine.  I like that you can opt out of the champagne portion of brunch if you're not a drinker or perhaps just aren't in the mood to drink.  Totally tucked away from everything else, but worth the hunt.
Located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Wicked Spoon is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas on the strip.  I came here for brunch with some gals pals, while the boys were golfing.  . . I like how they serve things in portions here so you don't over eat and take more than you need. I quite enjoy the Mac n Cheese and the desserts.  There are plenty to choose from and they are all very pretty.  I like the gelato bar too, that is MONEY!  .  . Like most buffets, you get a fusion of flavor here,  you can get tacos, asian, sushi, korean short ribs, and you american flare. . . Service was great too with an attentive server clearing out plates. I would come here again if I am in the mood for a buffet.  But hand down, best dessert buffet.
Given that I give this place 5 stars, and my wife no better than 2... this should be an interesting review to write. (Since I'm writing it, the average of 5 and 2 shall be 4. Ha!). . For our first ever Vegas buffet, my wife and I decided to take on the Wicked Spoon. We were only going to spend 2 hours in Vegas because we needed to be in Phoenix by the next morning.. . I was largely pleased by their offerings. The Korean short ribs were nothing short of awesome - tender, sweet glaze, mouthwateringly flavorful. I also highly approved of the curried vegetables that I got in the same area. Honestly, every item I picked up at the Asian table was a winner.. . Less good was the Asiago gnocchi, whose bean curd-like texture I highly objected to. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be, but I didn't like it.. . Over in the traditional breakfast side, some of the standout items were a type of eggs benedict that had a nicely flavored hollandaise sauce, their own recreation of half-inch thick bacon, and a biscuits and gravy that I thought was well flavored with drippings (if slightly separated in the pot, which I rectified with a great deal of agitation) but my wife said "she could make better".. . The dessert table was overflowing with all sorts of desserts, and you're not going to get to all of them in time. The standout here was a chocolate-covered velvet cake, filled with creme. In other words, a homemade Ho-Ho. They also have many flavors of gelato, and I found the mint chocolate one my wife had to be decent.. . Overall, (I thought) the service was good and the food of high quality. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here the next time I'm in town.
If gourmet was part of the idea of what a buffet was supposed to be, perhaps Wicket Spoon might come close to the idea, that food that is mass produced might actually be good. . . Going to Vegas to me, is avoiding the mass of slot machines and the dodgy buffets, to get to the meetings which I came down for.  There isn't any doubt that the word Buffet alone springs up words of dismay and anxiety, because you aren't always sure what you are going to get.  If for the very notion that these places should be delicious, to entice people to stay and gamble, most have failed to capture the allure of the hotel/casinos they are placed in.  . . Enter Wicked Spoon, part of the Cosmopolitan Casino Hotel, inside city center.  If a buffet really grabs on to the look and feel of a casino, this place does it.  You pay before you head in, it isn't cheap; but you come to realize that once you are inside, the food here, isn't in heated water trays, or in rows with people wearing "Tweety" shirts on.  This place has people wearing nice clothing, dresses and even the occasional "that person is slightly over dressed, to be at a buffet"... but even that isn't quite true, because everyone seems to fit right in.  . . The food; Like any good foodie, you have to take a walk around first, find out the lay of the land.  Everything is portioned controlled, for the post part, things are served in individual plates, dishes like Red Snapper to Baked Salmon... things like Potatoes Al Gratin are neat little single serve plates.   They have favorites like Shrimp and Grits and the Cream De La Cream.... Custom made Mac and Cheese.  Seriously, it's more fun to take the walk around once then start digging in.  They had Korean Short Rib tonight, and man, I love this stuff, so juicy and delicious, it's just delightful. . . Their dessert counter is fantastic, mainly for the selection of bite sized sugar treats, and the gelato and sorbet. There is only WIN when you walk over. . . Okay, I normally dislike the word Buffet, because you inevitably end up eating too much, but here, is a grand example of good food, portioned controlled, and pretty darn tasty.  Sure it's expensive, so take your time sampling the wares, but you will be rewarded with an experience that lets others know the word Buffet isn't that bad afterall.
This is a great buffet, the only drawback is...10000239048320+ people also know about it and want to go during your weekend in Vegas.. . The line was super long, it took us an hour to get our seats! The food selection here is exceptionally diverse. I instantly gravitated to the seafood section, needed get some of that smoke salmon. They also have really good lamb steaks, love the medium rareness of it (nothing like a bloody piece of meat with your bloody mary). The mussels are to die for, I nabbed a plate full of it!. . The dessert was also really good too. Especially with coffee!
Fried chicken, roasted beets salad, gelato, salmon, shrimp, mashed potatoes, ceviche... I have a small piece of my foodie heart at the bellagio buffet, but wicked spoon will be a runner up for me!
3.5 stars rounds up to 4.. . MAC N CHEESE GRILL!! I've seen baked potato bars, I've seen stir fry grills, but NEVER a macaroni and cheese grill.  You choose what ingredients you want, cheeses, veggies, meats, they melt it all together, throw in the pasta, and BAM! YUM YUM YUM!. . This buffet is a very cool concept and the food is very good, but it does not feel like a buffet!  With all the food in individual dishes, I felt like I was limited to amount of what I ate (Fat American syndrome)!  It is all you can eat, but who wants to put four mini pans on their plate?. . Luckily I didn't pay for this buffet.  Why you ask?  If you sign up for their player's card, Identity, you get to spin a prize  wheel, and my friends and I won a few free meals!
I'm not a huge fan of buffet's in general, but this one stood out for me. It was pretty, and their presentation, at least for me, was a first.. . At $35 a person, it's not cheap, but their quality and selection, was pretty impressive. They portion out a lot of their food here, in small, personal sized sauce pans. They're freakin adorable! Also what's nice, is that, every portion looks perfect.. . The dessert section was good too. Try their bread pudding, I don't even really like bread pudding, but their's is great!. . Food: 4. Ambience: 5. Service: 4. Value: 2
Maybe its because I can't handle the sheer mass amount of food given at other buffets, but the serving sizes and taste of each item is FANTASTIC! Starting from every single breakfast entry to heavy ribs to delicate yet perfect deserts the suave looking buffet at the sex themed cosmopolitan is perfect for me.. . Add in the unlimited drinks and its great. The food isn't the greatest you've ever had, but the fact that each dish is well crafted makes a lot of difference. Another big thing, that seems to be common with all things at the cosmopolitan, is that its management runs the place seamlessly. Regardless of how long the line was, everything goes smoothly to make your breakfast wait that much shorter!. . One thing I loved about this place....DESSERTS! How could you go wrong with so many great desserts, from delicate little creams to vast fields of chocolate covered strawberries...mmmm!. . Besides the Bellagio buffet, this is definitely one of the best!
We went for brunch.  I was lured with promises of red velvet pancakes of which there were none.  I quickly got over that.  The food was stunning and delicious.  Everything was done well. My favorite dishes were the Wicked Fried Chicken and the Cauliflower puree. The desserts were premium. . . None of the above applies to the Asian section.  The Asian dishes were completely sub-par and not up to the standard set by the rest of the buffet.. . The $22 entry price came with a complimentary glass of champagne, mimosa or bloody mary.  They also place of fancy bottom of (purified) tap water on your table.
Tried this buffet for lunch.  Impressed with variety.  Has some dishes you don't typically see at a buffet including a decent selection of asian dishes.  Dessert selection was on par with the better buffets in vegas.  $22 for lunch, $29 for dinner so its one of the better bargains for buffets when considering the decent quality.
A pretty darn good brunch buffet for a really good price.  I'm usually not a big fan of eating at buffets in vegas but since we were leaving, why not be a fatass.. . Must eat:. Prime rib. Omelette with bacon and sausage. Mac and cheese. and the WHOLE desert station.
Really good buffet, everything I ate there was appetizing and tasted delicious.  I will be definitely be going back to this buffet in Las Vegas the next time I go back.
Simply very fancy food served here at the buffet inside of Cosmopalitan Hotel along with everything else that is fancy.  Even the mac and cheese was really fancy with the way it was presented and cooked. You really gotta experiement with the food they make available and create combinations of great flavors for the food you put on your plate.  i.e. smoked raw salmon with seasoned watermelon....I know that sounds weird but trust me, it brings out a perfect balance of flavors between savory and sweet.  Last but not least, dessert was just simply amazing, so much to choose from with fancy decorated pastries to Gellato Italian ice cream.
This place was really good!. . I loved their salads. Asparagus, fennel, cucumber, Thai mango, etc. So many different kind of salads are available:). . They have an Asian section:) which is cool. . . People working there are very nice.
I came here for an early dinner around 4pm on a saturday.  NOT PACKED and such a good thing.  The decor is beautiful, you get house wine with your meal AND a whole lobster to yourself (not to menu the fresh selection of seafood including sushi and crab legs).  The selection might not be the biggest buffet in LV, but I would take the quality ingredients, the quality dishes, and house wine over any other buffet (ok, maybe not the wynn, cuz that's my favorite).. . I'll be back here again because the food was SOOOO GOOD. braised short ribs, lobster, crab legs, sushi (and i mean raw fish..) and some quality desserts...$39.99 baby. yummmAY!
I came here for brunch on a Friday.. . Everything was pretty good except for the Asian food. The Korean short ribs were tough and too chewy to swallow. Otherwise, I was very satisfied with all the other food. The gelato was amazing.. . I came at 1:00PM and there was no line.. I wish there were crab legs--maybe they're only there on the weekends for brunch.. This whole hotel is just beautiful with all the artwork and space so I didn't expect anything less in this buffet.. . My server seemed pissed off for some reason.. . I'd highly recommend going to this buffet even on a regular weekday. The atmosphere, selection, and quality are worth checking out.
This is not your typical Vegas buffet. This is a foodie paradise! If you're looking for AYCE crab legs and sashimi, unfortunately you won't find it here. But if you're looking for something fun and new, you're in the right place!  I came for Sunday brunch $29 (which includes one complimentary glass of champagne), and opted to add in bottomless mimosas for an additional $8. . . For brunch, there was an omelet making section, as well as a fully functioning carving station that included prime rib, ham, bacon, and lamb. (The carving station came prepared with all the different sides&condiments needed). They also had pancakes&waffles, benedicts,  meat&cheeses, lots of different soups&salads, pastas, sushi (california rolls, eel rolls, tempura rolls), kalbi, and more. I would describe all their dishes as very well thought out and made wtih much attention to detail, unlike other buffets where food is just mass produced. They also have an amazing dessert section that probably beats out any/all vegas buffets - love the gelato station! . . Stand out items I had during brunch:. - Eggs benedict. - Chicken Apple sausage. - Creamed Corn. -Butternut Squash Ravioli. - toffee/chocolate covered strawberries. - lots&lots of gelato. . Not bad was also the pumpkin pancakes, the chicken pate, seafood salad, kalbi, spicy kimchi chicken.  Most dishes come pre-served in their individual pots&pans/bowls&plates. No item was bad. Service was great! Though drinks did lag, many in our party got bottomless mimosas free of charge. The Wicked Spoon is definitely a must try!
This has got to be one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas so far. We went here after hearing all these good reviews from friends and we had to try it for dinner. The interior decor was not only nice, but the food was great! They served each entrees in individual bowls/plates so that you won't have to scoop anything thing. The dessert selection was probably my favorite :) They had chocolate dipped strawberries, macaroons, and GELATO in a variety of flavors. I wish I was able to try each and every single entree, but I was so full. I'll most likely come back here again.
Warning: You will probably suffer from food coma once you finish your meal here. . . Not sure if it's the economic situation, but whatever it is, I was so happy to be able come and enjoy my meal without a wait. Lines can be a total drag sometimes.. . When it comes to quality, Wicked spoon is TOP NOTCH. As of variety, their variety is pretty unique and I want to say they bring out the best of comfort food from different food categories (ie. Gnocchi and Thai Curry). I loved their salad bar and crab legs could have been better if I could have served myself instead of them being served to me.. . Like my other reviews on the buffets in Las Vegas, I don't know if this is THE BEST but it's one of my top choices to come to when I have the desire to experience major gluttney. However, my most memorable item here would have to be the desserts. Get at those chocolate covered strawberries w/ the toffee bits. YUM! And the quality and variety of their gelatto is the best.
Three Words: Bone. Marrow. Buffet.. . --- head (and heart) asplode ---
Very easily one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. 4 of us had decided to go with their Sunday brunch since I had read pretty good things about it on Yelp. Let's get the qualms and cons out of the way before I start praising the place.. . Qualm 1- You pay first before you start waiting to get seated. There are two lines for payment - normal guests like you and me, and the diamond VIP guests that pay a lot of $$ to get that status. Very often, people don't read the signs and line up in the diamond line. After you pay, you wait in line. Our wait was about 40 minutes [it would be worth it]. . Qualm 2 - Our server was a nice and sweet middle aged lady. Problem with that was that she was slow and very not sensitive to our plates piling up and our drinks always going empty. We started playing tetris with our plates to make room for new ones.. . Qualm 3 - The 'galbi'. The 'Korean beef ribs' were mercilessly overcooked and straight up jerky. Whoever crafted the sauce also made it wayyyy too concentrated and extremely salty. There was so much sauce it was almost chalky. I attempted to take one bite, could even cut the meat off the bones, then left it to be picked up.. . The great things:. I love the design of the plating and presentations. Mini-pots to hold the heated foods, lovely little plates and cute bowls for the small, chilled dishes. I will agree with some folk that the cute presentation and plating of the foods make for difficult carrying, as only a few dishes would be able to fit on your plate. But you know what? That means more exercise. Walking back to the buffet lines = more calories burned. . . The short-rib eggs benedict was AH-MAY-ZEEENG. The short rib was tender and well seasoned, the eggs were perfectly poached, the hollandaise sauce was just mild enough, but a great mixture to cohesively blend all the flavors and textures together. Sooo delicious. I went back for two!. . They had flat flat flat thing crust pizzas so that the dough didn't take up too much space in your gut. The BLT salad was very tasty and seemingly light. The pesto gnocchi had a very cheesy feel to them yet they weren't too dense or heavy. Very delicious.. . There were 12 flavors for gelato for dessert, chocolate covered strawberries dipped in crushed oreos, dipped in Heath Bar crumbles, and white chocolate covered marshmallows, along with an assortment of flavored fudges. As simple and common as it was, their peanut butter cookie was super duper delicious. You can tell they didn't hold back on the butter, but boy, was it delicious.. . For a $29+tax brunch, I'd say, the selection was very good, the overall quality was there, although there were a few misses on the dishes [i.e the 'galbi']. I saw that there was slab bacon at the carving table that many were asking to be freshly grilled. Something different and new that I've never seen.. . I think the Wicked Spoon made its way to my 'must have' list for my 'things to eat when in Vegas'. Loved it.
Delicious food, with individual-sized portions of side items and high quality ingredients. Is there anything else you could ask for from a buffet? How about a dessert section that actually tastes good?. . Thankfully, Wicked Spoon Buffet delivers on all of it! It's well worth the high price tag compared to other Vegas buffets and you'd be hard-pressed to not be able to find some combination of dishes to delight your palate.. . One thing that didn't live up to the hype was the create-your-own-Mac & Cheese. It fell way short on flavor, which was surprising considering the ingredients.
I went here in July with my sister and her friends. I'm not a big fan of buffets, but this place was able to pull it off. :). . Their breakfast foods were my favorite. Eggs Benedict? At a buffet? Yesss, please! The macand cheese were yummy too. I remember the ethnic foods (Chinese) being very salty... and sadly, I don't remember having a good dessert... I just remember how unique they were and grabbing one of everything. Heehee.  . . I loved the way they had the buffet foods set up. Quick and easy access... what's better than that? Instead of scooping, picking, and spilling the food you're about to pick out, they already have the portions already set up for you. They are pretty big portions, but hey, who's complaining? ;)
Very chic hotel and ambiance.  We came here early for a brunch and had to wait about 15 minutes before we got seated.  The variety was great and some dishes tasted great and others meh.  The prime rib was tender and flavorful, and surprisingly I liked their gnocci.  I was somewhat disappointed with their fish - salmon with risotto was bland, and some snapper dish was overcooked.  Their desserts, oh my goodness!  All of them were so pretty and delicious.  In total I had about 1.5 plates of mains and 3 plates of desserts.
I ate everything here, literally.  Pictures look better than how the food tastes.  This place is not bad for lunch.  They thought they were smart by having the food in individual dishes.  I am fat i need to pile my food.  Unfortunately I pwned the dish washer than day.
This place makes Old Country Buffet seem like a desolate fast-food joint. For $30, it's reasonably priced for all-you-can-indulge and for $37, unlimited mimosas, bloody Marys and champagne. Bubbly! . . I love that even during the brunch hours (8 am - 3 pm), they had everything from fluffy pancakes to kalbi Korean short ribs. I don't know about you but that's exactly how my palate functions, in a myriad of savory and sweet flavors and textures. . . A chef will whip up a customized omelette or you can serve yourself from row after row of seafood, Asian, fruits and veggies, pasta, eggs benedict and even sushi. . . And if you're feeling frisky, try hitting up the dessert area first. A case of mouth-watering and creamy gelato awaits you as well as a pastry case of little colorful delicacies (rich chocolate mousse atop tangy passion fruit, tiny gold-flecked wafer cones, chocolate covered strawberries!). . Finally, this is a buffet that understand portions. A significant chunk of their offerings come pre-portioned in mini cups, bowls and dishes so it's easier to try a taste of everything. Usually, I find myself putting 5 lbs of mac and cheese on my plate by accident so this was a nice change. . . The wait wasn't too long but it is rather silly to have a cashier line AND a "waiting to get into the buffet before I keel over from hunger" line.
A unique buffet to correlate cosmopolitan's personality. The style is suitable for urban foodies to get a break from traditional boring crab legs experience. All done via small plates and each item is constructed with quality and thought. We went for the weekend brunch ($30). Next time I'm in vegas, I'm putting my money here.
Very small selection.. . Non-existent line also (Saturday evening...). . So it actually evens out.  The food is ok.  nothing special.  Bellagio is definitely better.. . But no line.... . Prime rib and leg of lamb were great.  Nothing else was very good though lol.. . Crab legs were meh.... . Shrimp cocktails were good, but htey were in tiny shot glasses making it hard to get the cocktail sauce... annoying.... . Dessert was ok.. . Coffee is not as good as Bellagio's either.. . 3 for the buffet, bumped it up one cuz there were no lines which saves me 2 hrs of my gambling time.
Food is a 3. BUT the idea adds another star. Little presentation on small pots and pans make me feel like I am a 7 year old again playing house with my friends. . . Desserts are delightfully presented, and I like the name of this buffet.. . Wicked Spoon. . . Who knew vegas buffet can be anything but ordinary???. . I would probably eat here again, but not do the champagne brunch for almost $40 pp. I don't think it's worth that much.. . Service was good. The waiters checked on our table frequently to make sure our plates were cleared off and our glasses were full. Thats good in my book.. . On to the next restaurant/ buffet!!! lol~
Holy crap what a buffet!!!!!!!!!!!! We went here twice for breakfast, next time we will be sure to hit here for dinner.. . First they have a very wide selection of food. All your normal stuff like pancakes, french toast, made to order omelets....etc. But what makes this stand out is all of the cool little stuff. They have small pans with eggs Benedict, or a scrambled egg mix. They also have a little asian flair. Sushi in the morning, miso soup, korean short ribs. Then there is the desert island. So many little items all with different flavor combos.......NOM NOM NOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . Price is $22, but that comes with a mimosa,champagne, or bloody mary. The first day here we asked about purchasing an additional mimosa and our server told us it was $8 and bottomless!!! But the second day we where told that was only on weekend, thiswas odd because this happened on a tuesday/wednesday. Water, OJ, Coffee are all provided as well.
I lucked out. My girlfriend had a 2 for 1 deal. $35 for 2 people for dinner buffet? . . ALL IN.. . Wicked Spoon opens for dinner at 5pm so if you want to avoid the lines, hit it up early! We went at 6pm and walked in with a breeze.. . If you have any vegetarians in your group, this place is do-able for both carnivorous folk and veggies alike. . . Food comes in smaller portions here and is presently nicely. There is not much meat. There was prime rib, some Korean short ribs, fried chicken and one other meat dish but I only had prime rib. It was decent but definitely not the best I've ever had at a buffet. If you want good prime rib at a buffet go off the strip and hit up M Resort. . But I digress.... . ANYWAY. . The crab legs are minuscule here! If you're a seafood lover you'll be disappointed with that. There was barely any meat so I skipped it.. Why is my review still at 4 stars?. . Well, the personalized mac & cheese station is awesome. You go down the line and pick out what you want and a cook makes your mac n cheese dish fresh for you.. I also loved the selection of gratins! My favorite was the truffle potato gratin. Went so well with my slice of prime rib.. Another winner was the Louisiana BBQ Shrimp w/ cheddar bacon grits. I LOVE ME SOME BACON AND I LOVE ME SOME GRITS. Perfect sized amount served in a little individual container.. My girlfriend and I also loved the wild mushroom polenta. The mushrooms were cooked PERFECTLY and so amazingly good it tasted like it had truffle in it. SO SO GOOD. . The gnocci was excellent. The pork & lamb meatball spaghetti wasn't that great of a hit. The meatball itself was very dry but the spaghetti's marinara sauce was on point. Like I mentioned before,everything is served in its own little plating/containers so portion control is very easy to manage here. . . Dessert station had little macarons, chocolate mousse, gelato station, dark chocolate covered strawberries w/ nuts and some sliced strawberries with REAL FRESH HANDMADE whipped cream. None of that out of a can nitrous oxide shit. That was LEGIT. . My gripe with the dessert station is that other than the strawberries, there wasn't any fresh fruit! COME ON! I'm Asian! I need fruit after a meal yo! Hahahahaa... . . Left feeling so content but not overly full and still somehow managed to fit into my skimpy 5th Element costume. That's right, Leeloo Dallas Multipass got her grub on at a buffet before going out to Marquee to save the world
Wicked Spoon, like the Cosmopolitan Hotel it is housed in, is a welcome breath of fresh air in the culinary buffet scene.  While buffets like Wynn and Bellagio have long dominated, Wicked Spoon does things entirely differently....and succeeds.  It is easily the best new buffet in years.. . For $29 ($37 with unlimited mimosas, bloody marys, and champagne), the weekend brunch presents the following:. . - selection of cooked items across more ethnic cuisines than any other buffet can match.  Fried chicken, korean short ribs, Vietnamese Shaking Beef, Thai curry, and dim sum to name a few.. . - excellent presentation and an attention to flavorful and delicious food, not just quantity. . - the best dessert selection of any buffet.  Rather than soft serve ice cream like many places, they have a full on gelato bar here.  Wow.. . - Prime Rib, slab bacon, linguica, Rack of Lamb, and Prime Rib Bone are just a sampling of the excellent carving station. . - more high-end pasta dishes and artfully presented in small metal pots than I've seen anywhere.  If you like pasta or carbs, Wicked Spoon will clearly win you over.  Gnocci, butternut squash ravioli, Smoked Mac and Cheese and Cavatelli are among the top choices.  . . - great salad and fruit bar, again with innovative and new items like gazpacho puree, blt salads, endive salads, and dipped strawberries that look more like a high end restaurant than a buffet. . The only thing keeping Wicked Spoon from 5 stars and possibly not clearly being the top buffet in Vegas is the following:. . Sushi - California and spicy tuna rolls.  No nigiri, no other rolls, and no sashimi. . Seafood - they had cocktail shrimp and smoked salmon, but no crab legs, jumbo prawns (Aria, Bellagio), or lobster claws or any other notable seafood. . Soups - could only find a miso soup.  Missed the rice porridge from Bellagio (for the Asian high rollers) and other soup options.  . . Overall, I was thrilled with the value and the variety of Wicked Spoon.  I will clearly be coming here again, but for true seafood lovers, I can see them liking Bellagio, Wynn, or Sterling more.  Nonetheless, while not every item was great, so many things were done right and so differently that Wicked Spoon will be one to bookmark for a long time.. . Wicked Spoon accepts credit cards, including American Express.. . My Buffet Rankings:. 1) Westin at the Bund, Shanghai - $60/person and an excellent selection of sashimi, seafood, roasted suckling pig and fresh hand tossed Chinese noodles.  . 2) Hakone, Oahu - all-you-can eat toro, uni, kobe beef, and amaebi, $60/pp.  . 3) Sushi House Goyemon, Las Vegas - great nigiri, sushi rolls, and cooked appetizer and dessert selection for an unbelievable $26/pp.. 4) Navio at The Ritz Carlton - only down a slot secondary to the astronomical price ($88/price) but made up for with a spectacular view, top notch service and great food.  . 5) Wicked Spoon, Las Vegas - great cooked selection, variety, and high end presentation.  Unmatched desserts and gelato. $29/pp. 6) Bellagio, Las Vegas - congee, prime rib, shrimp/crab, sushi $35/pp
I have to say outta all the buffets I've been to this is hands down the best one. The way they serve food is like a mini tapas so every serving you grab is on it's own individual plating which is total genius. You can't really over grab. The food was awesome the prime rib nice and pink in the middle as well as the seafood and the dessert's were ridiculous!. . This is a very fun open buffet and had just about everything I wanted to eat! I'll be coming here again in thanksgiving!
Lots of choices but no crab legs.  So many choices for desserts:  from macaroons to gourmet iced cream.  I will be back.
I had been drooling over the reviews and pictures here on Yelp for a few months before we finally made it this past Monday for their brunch.  My goodness, based on Vegas standards, $22 for an all you can eat buffetthat includes tea and a glass of champagne is an incredibly delicious bargain!  .    I will be honest...first walk-thru impression was that there was a lot less to it than I had expected.  That impression changed the more I looked more thoroughly.  Treasures were to be found!  Like:  perfectly cooked shrimp cocktail in tiny cups, tasty tiny tacos with delectable topping choices, succulent asiago-stuffed gnocchi with asparagus and tomato (very rich), perfectly fried chicken wing pieces (and I normally don't do fried chicken), savory salads like fennel with grapefruit and orange and grilled asparagus, flavorful black pepper turkey, thin crust delicious pizzas like sausage and olive and bbq chicken..    It's all about what you like or what you're in the mood for, and fortunately here there are so many options. With brunch there was plenty of breakfast stuff (which we ignored).   Desserts were very good also.  I absolutely loved the purple macaroon with fresh berries and a dab of chocolate. Also had a tiny dish of lemon gelato that was tangy and tasty..    Atmosphere was very comfy, service was excellent...drinks were kept refreshed and empty plates were removed efficiently..    At about half the price of the Wynn buffet which we have done twice and loved...it's WELL worth the price and enjoyment!
This used to be our "go to" for buffets.  The boyfriend and I decided to try it out when they first opened, and found that we enjoyed the pre-divided portions.  (Mind you, not everything was like that.  There were also food served the traditional buffet way.)  Apparently, you either love this particular serving style or you hate it.  We loved it.  Food and service quality were definitely up to par.  They have a variety of food and have choices available that aren't your typical buffet fare.  They also have a mac and cheese bar, which I loved since I am a mac and cheese feign.  I think the thing I enjoyed most was the desserts.  I'm not a big sweets person so I chose the French macaroons and the white chocolate dipped crab apples and strawberries.  However, for the people with a sweet tooth, they have a variety of gelato, fudge, cakes, andwhatever else.  . . Unfortunately, we've heard that the food isn't the same as it was before so we haven't been back.  They also raised their prices (it used to be $29, I think).  It's now $35, which is a bit steep if I'm not guaranteed amazing food.
Good upscale buffet with tapas-like delivery. I don't have a problem with this because you can always go back for more and there really is no need to pile a plate high like one would at Denny's. Looking for that experience? Go to Denny's.. . The desserts are not to be missed so don't over do it! The peanut butter cookies were the best I've ever had. Not too sweet but nice and chunky.
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas! I think they win best presentation hands down. The food is really good but as far as variety and taste, I still give Wynn or Belagio Buffet the medal. . I love the little portioned size items. Love the service too.. I would definitely go back!
Stopped by for brunch/early dinner. This is not your average buffet. The presentation of some dishes are pretty fancy looking, but served a helpful purpose. The presentations really controlled the portion and quality of the dishes. Items don't seem to be sitting there too long under the lamps. I did enjoy the variety of this buffet. Just like any Vegas buffet i wait til i see the dessert before i can give a total review and there desserts are on point. I think the shot size servings of gelato were just enough to help prevent from wasting any. I did feel a little funny though considering I had seven different flavors on a plate. I mean, I had to see which flavor worked for me? They're all good.
Came here for dinner during my last Vegas trip and of all the buffets on the strip this is probably the best bang for your buck.. For quality of food I would still much rather have Wynn Buffet but this is not bad. In general I would rate this as much more of a "girly" buffet the food is well packaged and dressed up in small containers and it has all the necessities. However I'd say on their heavier foods like steak and prime rib it is not on par with Wynn. . . Great dessert selection though. At the end of the day, I think it is worth going to but there is so much better food in Vegas that I would not limit myself to this buffett.
My FAVORITE Vegas Buffet! Come for dessert - Chocolate covered strawberries!. . I LOVE Wicked Spoon! Everything is good and everything's served in these cute little single serving dishes or mini pots!  Adorable!! Best of all, they always have chocolate covered strawberries and french macarons.  But the food itself is good.  Fresh made salads, sometimes even lobster bisque, and a vast variety of meats and other dishes. The wait hasn't been too long every time I've been to Wicked Spoon.  And the service has always been extremely good.
Having grubbing here twice, my rating is an average of both times. Wicked Spoon is a pretty cool buffet. It looks high class and trendy. Not too big and the lines are mild compared to other buffets in town. It's kinda hidden in the back of the 2nd floor of the Cosmo, past the giant shoe. There's even a restroom inside, most buffets have it outside. Their logo is this spoon with a keyhole in the middle, makes a bad soup spoon!. . Brunch - 5 Stars. The Sunday brunch buffet is a bargain! Comes with complimentary champagne. It closes at 2PM. We barely made it and had plenty of time to chow down. The highlights include:. . -Chicken wings - These were flavorful succulent wings that I still dream about to this day. They were like crack!. . -Bacon - No this isn't regular thin crispy bacon. It was a fat slice of pork belly the chef cuts for you. It was fat, juicy, and delicious. The outside was dry rubbed in heaven!. . Dinner - 3 Stars. Dinner on a Friday night was lackluster. It was way pricier. I was disappointed they didn't have the chicken wings or fatty bacon. I was in fact very sad. The dishes were hit or miss here. Some were dry because it was left on the heat lamps for too long. Some were great. The Korean BBQ was on the dry side.. . -Bone marrow - It's a giant beef bone cut in half and full of bone marrow. Might gross many people out, but I loved it.. . -Dessert - All the dessert was yummy! I like salted peanut gelato.. . I recommend the Sunday Brunch for maximum food for your buck. Otherwise, I think there are better dinner choices around.
There are only 2 complaints I have about this place and they both can be overlooked on the account that the food was pretty effing bomb. My first complaint was that they charged my group 18% gratuity because we wanted to seat 8 people together. Except they gave us two separate tables, like perpendicular to each other...I mean yeah, it's not a big deal, but I'm really poor, so 3% does make a difference. And the lady sitting us didn't seem very apologetic, but that might have been due to the fact I gave her attitude because I was hungry and angrys. Teeehee! Also, we were on a time crunch to get back to the hotel to get ready and come back to Cosmo to go to Marquee....we had some planning issues is all.. . The food was. Glorious! I really liked the BBQ shrimp, Jasmine Chicken, pizza, Salmon, Spaghetti and Meatballs. Basically most everything except the roast beef, prime rib, lamb, and some white fish thing...Get. All. Dessert. In fact, eat dessert first. Well, no not really, but make sure you save room for dessert or you will regret it. There was a really cute layered dessert that was a bit like a panna cota with a passionfruit/lemon filling on the bottom. There was a macaron on top that was just adorable and delicious.. . The service could have been better considering the amount of tip we were conned into paying. There was a lot of plates that we were done with on our table. But that also could have been due to us eating like monsters. . . We ate in record time of..I would say 45 minutes. And it was all girls. Don't judge us. We exercised at the club after. kinda. Even though it would have been nice to sit for awhile to savor all of the tastes, it was an interesting experience having to eat that fast, gulping down food, listening to the sound of clinking silverware and occasional gasps of  "_____ is SO GOOD!"
These buffet lines are ridiculous. Must be all the Asians and Jews out to get the most bang for their buck. Luckily for us, someone in our group just walked up to the VIP line and chatted up the Mexican cashier sistah. Right on through to the next hellish line to be seated. . . Unlike the regulars (Wynn buffet, Bellagio buffet, Sterling brunch, etc...), Wicked Spoon is probably the best deal for a buffet in this city. I think it was somewhere around the range of $40 ( ~$30 + ~$10 for unlimited Champagne, Bloody Marys, Mimosas). That's pretty damn cheap, and if that isn't for you, there's no reason that you should be in Vegas in the first place. . . I especially enjoyed the proper apportioning of food. Helps prevent the Asian moms from grabbing 20 lbs. of King Crab legs and helps you pace yourself to try everything at least once. Nice selection of dishes that are prepared, that breaks away from the traditional buffet model.. . They have a pretty awesome dessert section as well.. . Go throw up then get ready for Marquee. Cosmo is definitely hitting it big.
So we can just, hold my hand. Baby, I promise that I do all I can. Things will get better if you just hold my hand. Nothing will come between us if you just. Hold, hold my, hold my, hold my hand...at WICKED SPOON BUFFET! - Megan Nicole (hold my hand cover). . Not only is this hotel nice, its got a wicked buffet to go along with it! Unless most casinos who stick their buffet in the middle of the casino floor for everyone to see, the cosmo put their buffet all the way in the back on the 2nd floor. i think it's a good thing too, because ur not distracted by games and when you are finished eating, you get to walk a ways to digest. The buffet itself is very spacious and feels new and clean. The asian food here really stands out, although some of their french/italian dishes are hit/miss. All of that is forgotten by the dessert though. Service was wonderful as well. For the casual vegas visitor, this is the buffet to go to at this time.. . Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 5 stars --- Price(value): 4.5 stars
Very good. At $24 bucks for buffet can't beat it. All food was very good. Definitely would go back.
Brunch! Brunch! Brunch! Brunch!. . That's the best time to enjoy the Wicked Spoon buffet. $22 + tax perperson will get you all the food you can eat + 1 serving of Champagne/Mimosa/Bloody Mary. In Vegas, this deal = smokin!. . I love the fact that they serve most of their dishes on individual plates/bowls/baskets. I didn't over ate because of it and I was full. I love how desserts have their own station and they were my favorite part of the meal.. . So here are my likes and dislikes of what I ate here:. . Likes:. . * Bacon (make sure you get the one where they will need to slice it for you, not the ones on the hot pan). This bacon is delicious. Very very very good and will make you very very very chubby.. . * Salad bar. Fresh and delicious. . . * Korean ribs. . . * Fried Chicken. They put these scrumptious dish in the mini deep fryer basket.. . * Gelato. The Strawberry Balsamic = yummmmmmmmmmm.. . * Chocolate Dipped Strawberries.. . * Other desserts. Too many of them to mentioned.. . Dislikes:. . * The Green Gazpacho... just no.. . * Fish dishes. They were under seasoned. Just bland.. . * Server. We had to ask for water refill. We tipped very well when we paid for our buffet and we knew our server noticed it, still the service was mediocre. I know this place is big, but there were more than one server there. I wish they are more attentive to their customers.. . Overall, we will be back whenever we will be in Vegas. Hopefully we will try dinner there so I can try the Bone Marrows.
Good place and good food! I went for the Thanksgiving Brunch and I waited to be seated for 40 mins. You can get unlimited mimosas/champagne for 8 backs extra :)
I was skeptical about this buffet restaurant since it opened.  Since I work for the Cosmopolitan, and I get emp discount on non-weekend days, so I decided to give it a try.  However I'll keep this review unbiased.. . The service was friendly and professional.  No crazy long line to wait in.  I don't usually do buffet but the food here is more than just visually satisfying.  I originally thought it was all for show, but they actually got good taste and the desserts are funny cute and delicate.  Food was fresh in the pans.  Comfortable seatings.. . I won't say the food are top of the line but they are good, and the pricing was reasonable.. . Overall, I enjoyed it and will return again on my days off!
i must say that this buffet is up to par with the rest of the higher end buffets on the strip. in terms of variety and quality it is a good for what it's worth. their dessert bar is their speciality. we went for brunch and have yet to try them out for dinner. however we feel that the M resort studio B buffet overall is still the best buffet in vegas in terms of value and selection.
Great variety of food and flavors.  Service was excellent!!!
Everyone who knows me, knows that I am pretty hard on buffets in general. I disliked Espetus, Wynn, AND Bellagio buffets which most people love...but Wicked Spoon was wicked!. . We went on a weekday lunchtime and there was no wait at all which made it that much better! The line was short, the price was cheap ($22!?), the service was good, and the food was awesome!. . I like that the food comes in little containers which make up one serving instead of the all you can dish options at most other buffets. This allows you to slow down your nommin' to a manageable pace. Plus, the containers are so cute! I would skip the Chinese food because its just "okay." But my favorite section was the desserts section...it had ice cream, macarons, pastries, fruit, chocolate - you name it, they have it!. . Overall, if I had to wait in a 3 hour line it would be a 2*...no buffet is worth a 3 hour wait! I had a great experience here and I suggest that you all try it on a weekday if you want to skip the line...I do however, reserve the right to change this rating pending another visit during busier hours. . . For now, 4*! And if you can, take a picture with the giant heels on the way there!
So me and my friends ate here over the Thanksgiving weekend and the food was just so so in my opinion.  I went for all the protein I could find.  Had some prime rib which was delicious, crab legs, some chicken, deserts were fantastic.  The wait for the buffet was still an hour +, but overall I am giving it 4 stars, no one in my group complained, or where they just so hungry from waiting?  Would I come back here again?  Probably not on my own.  I will most likely go back to the Wynn Buffet, staff is more on top of it and attentive to your needs.
This buffet is the best in Vegas. Hands down. There was a bit of a wait but it was totally worth it. The $25 price point, totally worth it. Such a gorgeous display of the most amazing foods. Asian, American, Italian, Fusion, you name it they had it. It's huge inside but there were no windows and that's a big pet peeve of mine- then again, it is Vegas. Short ribs, roasted salmon, eggs served a few different ways, cooking stations, butternut squash ravioli(best ever, not overly sweet like they can be) fresh fruit, granola and yogurt, baked goods bar, pastries, beautiful cheese bar, so much, I could go on and on. Oh but the dessert station?? Are you kidding? A full blown fresh gelato bar? I will have one of every flavor! Mini mousse, cakes and pies! Yes please! What the hell is that? I want it! I'm moving in.
We came here for dinner and tried a little of everything. A lot of dishes come in cute little pots which helps keep everything hot and conveniently portions things out for you.. . I liked the variety of flavors in their selection. All kinds of salads (pasta salad, rice salad, reg salad), savory items (stew, potatoes, shrimp and grits), pastas, crab, prime rib, lamb, pizza, cold cuts and cheese... soups... chocolate covered strawberries, ice cream, cakes....
New competitor to the Wynn Buffet???? . . I think so.... . I was a bit turned off with the long line as this is the new and trendy buffet at the moment.  The price was a bit on the steep end ($30). However, the long awaited came to an end and definitely enjoyed the various and large range of dish selections.. . The chicken adobo was surprising close to home cooked Filipino style chicken adobo atop of rice. Chicken was unexpected not oily but moist and flavorful. The chilean sea bass was airy and light. The mac and cheese was absolutely simplistically delicious and cheesy. . . One unique thing of Wicket Spoon is their mini pots that holds some of their food.. . To end things on the greatest high note, the chocolate lava cake and top it with coffee gelato. . . Our waiter who served our drinks seemed a bit slow and was not up to par on following up serving our table. The guy who scooped the gelato was pretty awesome and hilarious when he helps people out. . . This buffet can definitely get you the run for your money if you choose the right foods. In this case, almost all the foods were served hot and fresh. . . Definitely would hit this buffet when the trendy hype dies down a bit.
Very fancy. It was good but the food was very unique.
I came back to Wicked Spoon and I had a great meal.  See my initial review for detailed thoughts of my last experience.  What I wanted to update in this review about the Wicked Spoon experience is this:. . My friend said it best when he said: "Wicked Spoon is great because they try to be different with their entrees.  When they make it hit, then it's really a hit.  When they miss, then, unfortunately they miss big.   But there are enough hits to ensure that you have a great experience here".    Take that advice....you wont love everything here.  As with any buffet...when you come here, sample everything to look for their truly exceptional gems.  There are several gems to be found and you should be able to leave happy.  If you don't leave happy....then maybe you didn't try the right things.
$35 dinner buffet with crab legs and bone marrow?  I was sold.. . I came, I saw, I conquered the buffet.. . All the items tasted were pretty good.  The crab legs were standard, some pieces were a bit salty but i guess that's how they get you. Salty+water = full. NOT ME!  Power through.. . The shrimp cocktail are pretty large and fresh.  They put them in little shot cups so that you eat less. NOT ME! The prime rib is pretty tender and juicy.  I asked for the rare cuts in the middle.  Delicious. The burrata salad was a big hit at my table.  . . The bone marrow was pretty straight forward.  Cut up bone with .... (get ready for it)......marrow inside.  Good if you like buttery stuff, you can also slab it all over bread, if you plan on wasting space in your stomach.  . . The hot items are all prepared pretty well.  Good potato gratin, risotto, sushi (spicy tuna), tender mussells and clam dishes.  The desserts are pretty good and the gelato bar is always appreciated at the end.  Wish they had a bit more seafood, but I'm not complainin!
A SOLID 4 stars. Why? . . 1. Food is bomb. Talk about upscale variety? Wicked Spoon is the place to go.. 2. Plating is onnnnn point. They've definitely conquered the whole "presentation is key" thing. It's impressive and makes this place seem fancy shmancy.. 3. The desserts are just too cute. . . BUT, I'm not too keen on the pricing for this place. It's SO expensive and there's not a real good selection of seafood (unlike the Wynn Buffet). You're basically paying for the presentation and the "new hot spot." (Everything in the Cosmo is new and exciting! Woo! So the prices are sky high!...).. . Overall I was impressed with the food here. My top buffet in Vegas? Not quite - I still much prefer The Bellagio :)
Wowzaz! . . This place had a great selection and the setting is really nice as well. I definitely enjoyed the bone marrow and the fried chicken -- those are definite MUST-HAVES! Their fried rice was also surprisingly good.. . The dessert assortment was also amazing! I would definitely recommend anything with the dark chocolate ganache -- orgasmically good. I would marry the man/woman responsible for that ganache ANY DAY. . . The only downside of this is the wait. We ended up waiting over an hour to get dinner.
Hate to sound like a typical American "fatty" but I have eaten a lot of buffets in my life that run the spectrum from growing up in a small town and frequenting Golden Corral (haha) to all you can eat sushi buffets that populate the West Coast.  The nice part about buffets are the options.. . Wicked Spoon has a lot of great options.  You will find a sushi option with 3 different rolls and cold salad dishes; a standard salad bar with stuff like fruit; if you are going to the brunch buffet on the weekend they have muffins, toast, cereal staples along with tons of other options like a prime rib counter that serves other meat like lamb; various pasta dishes, casseroles (asiago polenta, roasted mushrooms), and steamed mussels and clams.  The clams were my favorite.  They also have shrimp cocktail though the weekend we went they did not have the snow crab.  We also did not get any complimentary mimosa like another reviewer noted back in the summer.. . If you make it to the dessert bar you will find an array of pie and cake and gelato, plus chocolate covered strawberries.. . Note that when you arrive there are 2 lines:  the first line you wait in is where you will pay and get your "ticket".  Then you go get in another line with your ticket and wait to be seated.  Wicked Spoon can get popular and the wait can run more than an hour at times.  We waited about 20 minutes on a weekend in December.. . My favorite buffet on the strip is still the Wynn's buffet.  It cannot be beaten in my mind but Wicked Spoon is still an excellent option.. . For those who like to sleep in while in Vegas like I do:  The brunch buffet goes until 3PM.  Yessssssssss!
I'm not a buffet person but when it's complimentary why not? I ate here twice once for lunch and once for BF.  What a decent spread for brunch during the week! . . Started off with a Bloody Mary which was included on the brunch. Some of the items in the buffet - Korean short ribs, Dim Sum, Sushi, slab bacon, shrimp cocktails, mac and cheese, Ham, turkey, fried chicken, cooked to order omelets, pizza, salads and yummy Tri Tip just to name a few. My favs in the dessert area the peanut butter cookie and Gelato. . . I did like the idea of the specialty items are in small portions which is a good thing. The waiter we had was friendly and really accommodating.. . Only con here I felt was that the brunch buffet should open earlier for the working people like myself. Hours are from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm Monday - Friday.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet (pronounced like Warren's last name) is not to be missed. Spend all morning/afternoon munching on individual portions of deliciousness and sipping on mimosas for $39 bucks. Standard price for Vegas with exceptional food. . . Some items were a tad salty but the beauty is in the small, individual portions that you can set aside half full without guilt. And then go back for something different! There are tons of options!. . If you don't save room for dessert, I will hurt you. They're amazing and perhaps better than the savories.. . Be prepped for a line but it moves fast. . . Enjoy!
Beautiful decor, excellent service, almost great food.  There could have been a few more -fresh- selections.  The little shrimp cocktails were delicious.. No funky iodine taste like a few places I've experienced.  The beignets were luscious little balls of happiness.  Not your ordinary buffet for sure.  I had to pass on marrow bone .. Didn't want to have to explain that to my cardiologist.  I'll be back.
Just like what everyone else is saying ... the dessert selection is presented in a very BEAUTIFUL AND UNIQUE WAY ... I would def say they score very high on PRESENTATION. . . I came here for BRUNCH on a Saturday. We waited in a very long line but not as long as the line for lunch and dinner was. I would def come back here because I like the way they plated the food and portion control was just what I need! . . I remember there were a lot of fish dishes. I hope they expand on their dim sum selection because I was very disappointed. Overall, a pleasing experience! I would come here again to try the lunch buffet.
I've only tried the brunch at The Wicked Spoon but it was amazing and I wish I got to experience dinner here! Everything here was so delicious and had a overall taste on quality. Usually at buffets you can tell that it was cooked in a large bulk but everything I tried here was made perfectly! And what is smart is that they put it in portions for you already so customers wouldn't take more than they would eat and waste food. Everything was as fresh as it can get! Also, there is a large choice in desserts for all you sweet tooth people! It was definitely worth my $40.00, wish I had more room in my stomach to try everything here! Props to the chefs :) & waiter was also beyond friendly and an overachiever for bringing me a new glass of Orange Juice without me asking!
$23 for the lunch buffet!. . I came with my friends and we waited in a lonnngggg line to get in. Actually, the line wasn't all that long but the WAIT was! We were getting a little frustrated because there were obviously empty tables inside but they were just not filling them for some odd reason, AND we were dying of thirst. We were so dehydrated and just wanted some water. So when we got towards the front, we complained to who I'm guessing was the manager because he was wearing a suit and dressed differently from the others, and he actually brought us cups of water to sip on while waiting in line! SO nice of him! I really wasn't expecting that.. . As for the food, it was GREAT! I actually liked the food better this time around more than my first trip here when I came for dinner. This time, they didn't have the bone marrow or crab legs, and only one kind of mac & cheese though... but everything I tried was delicious! I really liked the shrimp cocktail which comes in shotglasses with the cocktail sauce in them already. The tritip was pretty good too! I even loved the edamame because it had this addictive seasoning on it. This buffet is unique because everything comes in small portions already and you can just grab the little plates to place on your tray. No scooping necessary, which is AWESOME.. . Their gelato bar is so cute and a must try! The scoops and bowls are super mini so you don't feel so guilty trying all these different flavors. ;)
My FAVORITE buffet in Vegas!!. . The line to get in may be long, but it moves at a decent pace if you go early enough. It's also quite a walk far into the hotel, wayyyy past marquee. Their seating is unique, with tables and then high-legged bar tables. They also organized their buffet in a very smart and easy way. . . Loved the macaroni & cheese station- I got mine with mushrooms, tomatoes, and bacon, and I couldn't stop eating it. It's made personally for you so it's pipin hot and cheesy.. . Their mashed potatoes are bomb, they're probably 70% butter, but who cares? . . I was seriously disappointed in their spaghetti though.. how can you mess that up?? The sauce was flavorless and their lamb meatballs were in dire need of salt. So sad. . . Their asian food isn't bad, they have a sushi station where you can get hand rolls. I got spicy tuna (of course), and it was delish. Their kalbi wasn't too shabby either! . . I love that almost everything was served in individual dishes. It seriously helps with portion control, plus it just makes everything seem more sanitary. It kinda sucks that their plates are small though, because those individual dishes take up so much room on it, and you can only get so much food at a time. . . Also, I love crabby legs at buffets, but the ones here were hit or miss. Some of them were fresh and delicious, and some of them were an off-white, brownish color, flakey, and tasted old. Tsk tsk. . . However, can we talk about their desserts? Seriously, some of the most GORGEOUS desserts I've ever seen. They're all presented beautifully, in cute, small sizes to maximize the desserts you can try. My faves were the beignets (so light and delicious) and the chocolate cups with berries and chocolate pudding. Yummmmmmmmm!! They have gelato too. Amazing.. . We used to frequent the Wynn and Mandalay Bay's buffets, but now it's all about Wicked Spoon!
Honestly, this buffet is really limited but everything is so cute that I'd definitely come back!  Maybe I'm just excited for this buffet because they had bone marrow and a mac and cheese bar =d. . -prime rib:  If they JUST took it out, do not, I repeat, DO NOT, ask for a center cut.  It will come out almost completely raw.  They also offer the ribs that are connected to the prime rib =d!. -leg of lamb:  My friends had this and they said it was really good and soft.  I'm not a lamb fan so I didn't partake.. -bone marrow:  Like my friend said, this was bland but honestly, I don't think you should eat this as is.  They should really have some toast on the side to eat with it.  The best I could find were the stale toast pieces next to the pork rilette.  It also kicked the prime rib up a notch when I combined the two =d. -mac and cheese station:  Honestly, the mac and cheese was too liquidy but I guess you choose your toppings and I could've chosen less liquidy toppings...?  It tasted good though =d  Or maybe I just like the shrimp, asparagus, and onion combo =d. -butternut squash ravioli in lobster bisque:  The lobster bisque was very good, the ravioli was just okay.. . The desserts really are overwhelming!  Chocolate dipped strawberries studded with chocolate chips, oreo crumbles, and grahm cracker crumbs!  The chocolate is a bit waxy but that's okay because it cracks off easy.  They have gold and silver flakes on their desserts and a gelato bar!. . Oh!  The plus about this place!  The restrooms are inside the buffet =)  But I guess they probably do that because they make you pay first and then wait in a giant line to get seated.
Maybe I don't have a lot of buffets to compare this one too. But If you are new to Vegas and ready to drop some money to eat a buffet. I will definitely recommend coming here. They got a good amount of variety. There wasn't really anything I didn't like. You can only eat so much, but I liked it here. Everything was pretty fancy including the plates . I tried Bone marrow with my Prime Rib and it was awesome. They had a huge selection of desserts yes. . A Buffet is a buffet, They make huge quantities therefore not the best ingredients etc. Time is also an issue, because stuff will be sitting out for days. Lots of people are eating the same thing, so people's hands etc were all there too. Make the best of it with some pals, eat like kings and be happy.
Went here for Xmas eve dinner. It was great! Waited an hour and a half in line, but it was worth it despite my extreme hunger. (naive for thinking it wasn't going to take long to be seated on a holiday night?). . The leg of lamb was amazing--fresh carved, hot and juicy!. . Bone marrow spread on some of their little toasted breads--delicious!. . I loved the assortments of pastas and starchy side dishes served in cute little dishes. . . Huge cheese selection!!. . The sushi was ok, not that great.  Their shots of gaspacho were tasty and refreshing.. . Desserts galore!!!! I filled my plate up with all sorts of tasty treats from chocolate covered strawberries, cheesecake and gelato.. . Bottom line: Long waiting time for dinner, but a nice selection of well-cooked food...as opposed to shorter waiting times, more food and less quality. Can't wait to come again!
I was excited to eat here after reading some of the reviews.  Cosmopolitan as a whole has a good vibe, and cool atmosphere, this carries over to Wicked Spoon.  Really a cool place.  The food is great and there are a lot of unique options.  A great place to try new things, because the portions are small and ready to grab.  The cheese selection was great, as was the Macaroni Bar, great idea!  Still prefer the Buffet at Bellagio, however, this is a great option as well.
The individual portions are cute and untouched by the passersby. I say try it. For me it left something to be desired. I was looking for more of a seafood selection and dim sum variety. Although the gelato made me completely forget about the.... mmmm coffee and white chocolate. nommmmm
Actually good quality buffet food and not just producing food like a factory. Their food actually has flavor! The desserts had really nice presentation but the only problem I had with it was that they were a little too sweet for my taste. Overall, very retro and pleasant experience.
4.5 stars. I'd much rather go here than Wynn or Bellagio based on the price and unique selection.. . I can see why this place is frequented, but the casino/hotel is bankrupt. Why would you put the buffet so far away from the casino? How do you expect to get people to gamble?. . The difference here is they serve everything on individual dishes. It causes you to grab less at a time, but you can eat as much as you want. They also close between lunch and dinner, so you can't pay for a late lunch, then stay around until dinner.. . From items like tacos to chicken salad sandwiches, they offer smaller portions so you can try a lot of different things. We did the lunch buffet for $22 and I liked it. . . I'd have to say, like most good buffets, one of the highlights was the desserts. They had this one parfait with peppermint cookies on top and strawberry jam on the bottom. After 5 of these, I declared it my favorite. . . I thought the meats were good and they had a nice array of international dishes. I'd be curious to see what they serve for dinner. I hope this wasn't our last time here since the hotel is in trouble. Cheers to Wicked Spoon for being different and cost effective!
If it weren't for the 75 min wait to pay for the buffet and then another 75 minute wait to get seated, I would have fond memories of this buffet. The food itself is quite good. A lot of variety especially for vegetarians. Pizza, Pastas, Soup, Salads, and the desserts. They have a Mac and Cheese bar so you can make your own Mac n Cheese with veggie options. It does get boring very quickly though.. . The 3 vegetarians in our group out of 5 were satisfied with the spread. ( thank goodness for that).. . For the regular carnivores the spread is fantastic. Crab, wild boar, lamb and tons of delicious sides.. . Their serving style is very unique and nice. Most dishes are served in their own single serving utensils which reduces the mess on your plate and at the table.. . Lunch was about $30 and Dinner was about $40. We arrived at the end of the queue at 2:30.. paid for it at 3:45 and were seated at 4:45.  Dinner starts at 5 PM.. . Good choice for vegetarians.
SUCH a good deal. I paid $22 for a good brunch in Vegas. how crazy is that?!. . The line was kind of pretty long (I don't remember exactly but probably around 45 minutes) but the food was so good! My main complaint is their dim sum. Their pork buns were soggy and friends I was with said the dumplings were terrible too. But who would expect good dim sum from an american breakfast buffet? LOL. . I was pretty happy withmy brunch there I liked the eggs benedict, korean short ribs, hash browns (they have cheese and other good stuff in there hehe), and by now I have forgotten what else. They had a gelato station which was so awesome and the chocolate gelato was yummy!. . Besides that the food was pretty good for brunch, minus the chocolate covered strawberries dipped in nuts or oreos which would have been better only with chocolate :(. . . I think the Wicked Spoon is a good option if you don't want to spend alot of money on a brunch buffet!. . Last thing--I loved their presentation. The mini pots and griddles are to die for!
YUM! Good buffet. Lines are super long but if you're hungry, its worth it. The line was probably about an hour, one for the cashier and one for the seating. For $8 more you can have bottomless mimosas, sparkling wine or bloody marys, without that its about $32 for brunch. Lots of individual servings, cute little skillet pans and large carving stations for meats. Tons of fresh fruit, salads, breads, bfast foods, chinese food station and desserts galore. The chocolate covered strawberries had heath bar chunks on them! YUUUM! I liked our server, she was really observant, refilled everything as soon as we got empty and noticed a chair at the other table was missing from a table due to a lazy hostess. mmm... did I mention the gelato selection? I got biscotti flavor right after I ate a fortune cookie with a very Vegas message (something about being the middle spoon rather than the big or little spoon), my gelato tasted like the ice cream version of the fortune cookie I just had! I wish I had the appetite to try a little of everything. The polenta was super rich, creamy, buttery; a little too much for me. The butternut squash ravioli was a little too dry from sitting out. Shrimp cocktail & salmon were tasty as was the prime rib. The salad was yummy too, which is weird because its salad. I'll be back for more!
Moderately price buffet, good selection of food, and great service.
One of the best buffets in Vegas.  Yes, it even beats the M Resort's Studio B or Wynn's Buffet.  Really good was the shrimp cocktail, fried rice, bun mi (roast pork sammies), carrot cake, french macaroons stuffed with fresh fruit, clams in curry coconut sauce, tacos, fried chicken wings.. Advice, if more than one person, have one pay and the other one go stand in line to the left.
Not much to say but excellent food and service. The price isn't even that bad for dinner. . . I like that the portions are small and it helps not crazily overindulging but i still over indulged. The dessert are almost to beautiful to eat but every thing was so good. Not too sweet just perfect. Remember to save some room!. . You have to stop by a buffet in vegas while you are there. This is a pretty darn good one to go to. Go and eat till your stomach hurts.
Just like every restaurant, bar & bathroom housed in The Cosmopolitan Hotel, the Wicked Spoon Buffet is decorated so avant-garde, so posh that you forget your own name just looking at its chandeliers. . . I LOVE that food is pre-portioned in its own single-serve bowls & dishes. This eliminates my biggest fears about buffets: contamination from multiple hands touching ONE serving spoon & piling on portions I'll either waste (boooo!) or eat with reckless abandon (boooo x2!) Wicked Spoon keeps me in check! . . My favorite eats were: . * crispy chicken with cabbage kim chee . * fried chicken . * shrimp & grits (I got two portions!). * chocolate-covered strawberries . * pulled pork tostada. * red wine cheddar cheese. . Other grub that I probably wouldn't repeat:. * short ribs: too fatty. * maple glazed pork loin. * macarons: tasted like meringue w/ jam inside. Not chewy enough. . * beignets w/ chocolate & raspberry sauces (cute presentation sitting in its own tiny deep fryer!) . * mushroom risotto. * all their desserts: gorgeous to look at (see pic), but taste was not worth ALL them calories.. . The guys loved the hot crab legs & carved meats. $35 per person for dinner (no matter what day of the week.) The wait to be seated that Thursday night was no more than 10 minutes. Probably the only buffet I look forward to eating at again!
I am generally not a buffet person.  The exception is for breakfast.  On top of that, it was free with our room.  That is a great value.  The mimosa brunch was great for us.  They serve it until 2pm.  That is awesome.  We have no desire to wake up early while in Las Vegas.. . There are endless options.  None of which are generic.  Each has a unique touch.  The caramel pancakes were excellent.  The cheesy hashbrowns were also quite good.  They also freshly sliced thick cut bacon.  The continously filled mimosas were a nice touch as well.. . There are so many desert options.  It was hard to select just a few.. . The line can get quite long on weekends.  Plan ahead.
Not my favorite.  But it is my wife's favorite buffet in LV.  I prefer the wynn.. . But their fried chicken and tacos are delicious.  Everything is done pretty good.  The sushi was pretty bad though.  Really dry tasting.. . We've only had breakfast/lunch here.  Definitely in the class of Bellagio, Wynn, Paris Buffets.  So can't go wrong here.
Fast service to get us in. Food well prepared and constantly updated. Wait staff friendly and great. Lots of variety, salads fresh, eggs benedict could be better. They have hush puppies - very hard to find in this town. . . I would go back again for sure!
As far as buffets go, this is the grand-daddy of them all! Great spread and everything was fresh and delicious! I think we paid $25/pp during the week - not sure what it is during the weekend but I'd definitely go back. We ate at a few other buffets while in Vegas and this one was the best.
Love how they have preset portions scooped out in mini pots that you can grab.  It's a perfect size, not too much and just enough to taste, which is what all buffet goers want, a taste of everything without being full from grabbing too much in the beginning.  This buffet is smart, they are saving tons of money from those that grab too much and end up wasting a plateful of food.. . Came here for lunch on a weekday, no line, $23.. . I will have to say that some of the Asian dishes were not that great.  This may be biased since I am Asian and know what it should taste like, but I think anyone would agree.  The hai gaw (dim sum shrimp dumpling) was dry and crumbly, like it was not steamed.  The chicken adobe was dry and not edible.  . . Couldn't try everything, but dishes that stood out were the curries, salads and desserts.  . . There is a wonderful array of desserts displayed in all colors!  So pretty and tastes just as pretty as it looks!  The desserts saved me from those horrible tasting Asian dishes.. . Service was good.  Also loved how the water we get is served in this clean, fresh looking bottle-it tasted good too, not like tap water.
As soon as I walked into Cosmo, I knew their buffet would be awesome. My friend's boyfriend came up from playing Blackjack and decided to treat me & my boyfriend out to Wicked Spoon. I was so excited! Service was excellent, the food was delicious, & the gelato is so smooth and creamy.. . I got the prime rib & au jus three times. The green beans stir fried in garlic really complimented the prime rib. I also love their mashed potatoes with beef gravy! To top my experience with something even better, they had a large selection of beautiful little desserts. . . I love this place, mos def. coming back!
Let me start by saying that at $30 for brunch (add $8 more for bottomless mimosas), this place is an absolute steal.  Sure you have to wait in about an hour line to get in, but it is totally worth it.  We were all pleasantly surprised when we got inside the actual buffet and noticed the decor matched the rest of the hotel-clean, modern lines.  Of course, we also noticed the food: trays and containers lined an entire (very long) wall, with a huge dessert station in the middle of the room.  I actually giggled with glee.. . What sets the Wicked Spoon apart from most other buffets is that rather than having the food piled on heaping trays (which can get kind of gross, I will admit), most items are individually portioned into their own cute serving containers.  Furthermore, this food is really excellent stuff, and not of the lackluster quality you will findat a lot of buffets.  Needless to say, I had a field day.. . Highlights included the eggs benedict, some of the pasta dishes, clams in saffron curry, sweet and sour pork shoulder, the GLORIOUS MEAT STATION, and the gelato bar (the almond joy gelato especially). . . I was not a fan of the asiago stuffed gnocchi (too dense and tasteless), and the spoiled brat in me was disappointed at the lack of seafood (specifically, oysters).  There was shrimp cocktail though, as well as some mussels and clams.  Small complaints though for the best buffet I have ever been to, and the best (and most reasonably priced) meal we had in Vegas. . . I really, really, REALLY cannot recommend this place enough.  Thirty dollars might seem like a lot, but when we compared it to our meal at Margaritaville (the saddest place on earth...a story for another time) the next day where we all paid around the same price, it is definitely a steal.
so far, the best buffet i've had in vegas. The wicked spoon was a nice finish to my vegas trip, after a slightly disappointing  'Buffet of Buffets' (pity it doesn't include the wicked spoon).. Biggest PROs that won me over: . - neat/modern interior. - more-than-fulfilling small, individually plated entrees available for you to just grab & go, instead of those big piles of food that everyone shifts through to get their portion.. - KOREAN BBQ for brunch. what's more awesome than that. - just $8 more for unlimited mimosas (if that's what floats your boat). - friendly waiters. - good food. pretty presentation. pretty dessert. awesome array of ice cream flavors. . CONS:. - the snobby tall,blonde cashier. (She asked me a question and I got confused so I answered but then asked her what she meant, and she looked at me like I was some bizarre, crazy freak show. uhh just repeat your question, and don't look at your customers like they're the craziest thing in vegas.). - hour wait in line. but worth it if you ask me. - having to ask the waiter everytime you want your bottomless mimosa. my friend had to ask, then wait nearly 10 minutes every time for the waiter to bring it to her, b/c the place was so busy. they should just give out wristbands or something so that ppl could pick it up themselves. sucks having to wait 10 minutes everytime you want to make the most out of your unlimited mimosas.
Came here over the weekend during my Vegas trip and this buffet had to be one of the better buffets of Vegas. First of all, we stayed at the Cosmo so we didn't have to wait in the hour+ line which was a plus for us but it could be minus for those that had to wait. We were quickly seated right away and we went to the buffet lines to see what was stored for us!. . Firstly, the quality and the aesthetic features of the food looked a lot better than the other buffets that I've been to in Vegas. Although the selection is less than the Rio buffet, I have to say that they put more work into the quality of the food in Wicked Spoon. For my first plate, I tried the Bahn Mi, BBQ pork buns, prime rib and some shrimp cocktails. The shrimp cocktails came in little tiny shot glasses which had the cocktail at the bottom of the cup. It looked pretty but it was not practical. The shrimp at the bottom of the cup was drenched in cocktail sauce while the one on top had none. Regardless, it was good shrimp but for those that come to these buffets for the shrimp (like myself) it looked quite silly stacked 10-12 shot glasses full of shrimp on a square plate. The Bahn Mi was one of my favorite dishes. The orange spicy sauce that accompanied the soft white bread and tender pork was just splendid! The BBQ pork puns were okay. The filling was sweet and savory but the buns were a bit too soggy. The reason could be that these buns are sitting in the steam basket which probably caused the buns to absorb too much water. The prime rib was a bit of a disappointment; it was quite dry and flavorless even with the au just sauce on it. I had to smear horseradish just to put some flavor on the meat. . . As for my 2nd plate, I tried their fried chicken, Mac & Cheese and some fried rice. A lot of their dishes come in pretty little pots and pans which makes the food seem a lot more pleasing to the eye but makes it hard to clean up when stacking up your dirty plates. The fried chicken was one of the better dishes at the Wicked Spoon. The skin of the chicken had a nice flavor profile of different spices and the meat of the chicken was moist and juicy. The mac & cheese that had some bits of sausages was a bit too heavy for my liking. It had an immense amount of heavy cream and cheese which pretty much left your mouth aching for some liquid to wash down the heaviness. The fried rice didn't have much to showcase; it was basically normal fried rice with bits of bbq pork. . . For my last plate, I picked out a plethora of desserts. The desserts at the Wicked Spoon outperforms the other buffets of Vegas. From their chocolate covered strawberries with toffee bits to their variety selection of gelato, there's enough sweet treats to fulfill anyone's sweet tooth.. . Overall, I don't expect stellar, off the wall food from buffets but the Wicked Spoon really blew my expectations of what buffet food should be like!
I am not a buffet fan, but this is the buffet you have to try when you are in Las Vegas. No queue for Platinum Marriott member is a big big plus, I don't think I will queue for more than 15 minutes for ANYTHING!
Is it the best buffet in Vegas, I don't know because I've only been to another one at the Bellagio. But so far I'm going to give the slight edge to the Wicked Spoon. We came here around 9:30AM and opted for the unlimited bloody mary/mimosa deal ($8 tacked onto $30). I will say that we had one of the most attentive waiters ever at a buffet. Typically it's like trying to catch a cocktail waitress on the casino floor, but this dude was on his p's and q's. Coming from a lifetime of seeing various dirtbags at Atlantic City brunches, it was nice to see everyone wasn't dressed like they were going to Walmart. Some of my favorite items were the yogurt and granola, shrimp cocktail, fried chicken, chilaquiles, pecan french toast and the sweet potatoes and pork hash. I had three servings of the sweet potatoes and pork has and was contemplating sneaking some out for later consumption. Overall the food is a good medium between a cruise buffet and decent catering. I'm not mad at the praise the Wicked Spoon has received and would have no problems eating breakfast here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
I really like this buffet. Bottomless drinks for brunch, can't get any better than for me. Many different choices and options so it caters to every thing your craving for.
3.5 stars (I'll round up be the decor here is so awesome!) =). Desserts is definitely the the strong point of Wicked Spoon. Who wants unlimited gelato? Me..me...ME! . . Maybe I would have enjoyed the other food more if they didn't seat us right next to the beautiful desserts! But..aside from the desserts, Wicked Spoon is overall pretty solid. . I loved that there wasn't a line at 6:30pm on a Saturday. Yay! It took them about a few minutes or so to set up a table for six. The layout is really nice, with cool eclectic decor. Nice open walkways too. Perfect, if you are a balancing a crap load of food! =P. . Some standouts I really enjoyed: butternut squash ravioli, the spareribs, the prime rib (sooooo tender!) and the creamed corn. All were delicious. . . I found the rest of the food to be ok. I avoided the food I knew I could get at restaurants, like fried rice, pad thai and sushi. I tried the fish dishes and it was cooked well. Really flaky. Crab legs were good. Not too salty and they weren't served cold like the ones at the Bellagio. The bone marrow was an interesting surprise. But tasted really oily. I didn't think any of the food was too creative or unique. While some were pretty tasty, I felt like I could have found it at any other buffet on the strip. There weren't too many dishes that were memorable. Oh and of course, everything is served to you in small dishes. Which is great for portion control and presentation. But it can get kind of annoying when trying to balance everything on a bigger plate. I didn't mind it though. It's kind of like a quick grab and go. Be careful that the dish isn't too hot when you touch it though! . . The desserts were gorgeous. I really wish they would have laid out all the desserts in the little cups. I saw a lot of interesting ones through the glass display I wanted to try. I wouldn't have finish them all though. Lots of chocolates, creams and mousses. They also had these huge chocolate covered strawberries. HUGE. Sooooo sweeet too. Along with that, you could also make your own strawberry shortcake. Everything looked so yummy. Oh and the gelato! Strawberry balsamic was interesting, but I really enjoyed the peanut butter cup flavor. There was a good variety of flavors to choose from too. I think there was at least 12 different types of gelato. . . Dinner was about $35 per person on a Saturday night, not including tax and tip. Our server was nice, but he wasn't always available when we needed him.. . Overall, Wicked Spoon buffet is rather "wicked" option on the strip. Give it a try. =)
This buffet was SO BOMB. I usually do not eat buffets, but all the boys wanted to go we we all went. For lunch on Saturday, it came out to be $36.95 with tax and tip. There is all sorts of different types of food. There's sushi, meat, mexican food, breakfast food (brunch), and of course BUNCH OF DESSERT OPTIONS.. . I had the mac and cheese and it was good, but a bit too salty. I also tried the spicy tuna roll, it had too much rice, but it was decent. I had the smoked salmon and it was very good. I also had a carne asada taco and it was good. You can choose to add salsa, guac, and onions. . . One piece of meat was a bit too rare. I also had the potatoes and those were really good. I also had some salad, but there was too much dressing in it. Could not finish it since it was too much for me. . . The dessert bar is to die for. You can choose from cookies to brownies to gelato to cheesecakes, to chocolate covered strawberries. Gelato was so good. I really liked the coffee, mint, and salted peanut butter. . . The line isn'ttoo long, but when I went with my friends, we had to wait about 30-35 minutes.
Exhausted after a long day of tradeshow-ing, cab lines and not winning a million bucks. It's 8:30pm and we are in line waiting to get into the Wicked Spoon buffet. Hostess tells us the line shuts down at 9pm, food is taken away at 9:45. Dessert will be the last to go. Now things are getting interesting. Desperation breeds among ourselves but we have a common enemy to contend with: the Others. The other diners in line before us taking away our precious seconds to get in. . . Do we go or do we stay? Will we be able to get another restaurant that is still open? How long can we sustain ourselves before dropping dead from hunger? Some decisions are not made for man alone. . . We stayed. . . And we got in. 9:01PM. Take that, Vegas odds. . . Naturally we all split up, focused now. Desperate, but intent. I grab two plates. Skip the pasta and carbs, who are we kidding? This guy knows the drill. Crab legs and chunks of sashimi. Pass on the California rolls. Bone marrow? Don't mind if I do. Grab a chunk of fudge from the dessert bar to give me buffeting-energy. Load up on fresh fish, truffle-potatoes win me over. Finally the carving station: Tri-tip, prime rib and lamb leg. Smother in chimicurri/horseradish/onion confit. Load up on whatever else I can grab in both hands whilst balancing two plates. . . First round is gorged, sighed, devoured. Now it's time to get to the real business. Now it's time for seconds. No games here, tri-tip and prime rib. A bit of hummus because sometimes a man needs hummus. 9:30pm. Friends are caving in to the pressure, start to swarm the dessert station.. . I get an omelet. . . 9:40pm, I got this dessert Tom Cruise style. A little crazy, a little close but can't deny the excitement. This isn'tmy first rodeo, I know how it ends. . . It ends with coffee and tiramisu gelato, fudge and chocolate mousse, strawberry covered chocolate. . . Best buffet I've been to in Vegas.
In Vegas, newer is better. Believe it when you are in Vegas.. . We went for Friday lunch buffet and hooray, it was still weekday price-$22.. . The best thing was $22 includes all you can drink champagne. That was so awesome. So don't forget to ask for a glass if you are over 21. Hey, if you ask for a glass of orange juice, you can make your own mimosa.. . Food was choices were great. Meat choices were great. Dessert choices were wonderful. I loved the 15+ gelato choices. Many of the dishes were cooked or plated in individual dishes. So nothing looked like a pile of goo. I was surprisingly satisfied and happy eating at this buffet. . . However, the wait is kind of long. You pay first and then you start waiting in the line. It feels like you are in-line for an amusement park ride. That's probably the worst drag.. . Also, Wicked Spoon is located on the opposite side of Las Vegas Blvd. Use the signs to find the place. It is like in the back corner of the hotel.
We came here for brunch on a Monday.  Pretty tasty food!  Great selection of both brunch food, and regular dinner-type food.  The price was much better than I expected it to be for a Vegas buffet (around $24), and it included a free mimosa/bloody mary/champagne.  The decor is amazing, complete with great hanging glass installations in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel theme.  . . Definitely try out the desserts (especially the great selection of gelato, and the chocolate covered strawberries!) as well as the macaroni & cheese.
(+). - desserts. - mac and cheese. . (-). - kalbi. . My friends and I tried this place out Saturday afternoon. You pay at the register and then wait in line till they can seat you. Cost about 36 dollars for our group although its actually a little cheaper normally cause gratuity was automatically added for us (group of 8).. . First off, I don't know why but I found the orange juice to be so delicious so def get on that. Standouts for me were the mac and cheese, the little asian bun with some banh mi like ingredients inside, and the desserts. The kalbi was very disappointing, lets hope it usually doesnt suck that bad. I like that they put things out in small portions, prob decreases wasted food. But for the carby things (spaghetti, mac cheese) I wish the portions could be even smaller cause just two servings of that can be really filling already. . . The desserts deserve their own paragraph. The red (velvet?) cookie is bomb as well as the fruit in a chocolate cup. I frickin love chocolate covered strawberries but they also had ones with oreos sprinkled on it, shit is amazing trust. Oh and the gelato is a must, I tried the mango and the mint and both were fantastic. Comes in a tiny cup, great serving size that will allow you to try multiple flavors without overdosing on it.. . Food is ok, desserts are the highlight. Would come back next time I'm in vegas.
A friend and I accidentally found this place while in Vegas, the food was delicious I was overwhelmed with the dessert yummy.  The only downfall is we waited 30 minutes just To get seated. (so be prepared to wait next to all the drunken mess)
I loveee buffets and you can't experience Vegas without eating at one. This place was so good that my party of 11 and I went for brunch AND dinner! What buffet do you know that serves bone marrow?! They offer a very extensive menu that ranges from your basic fried chicken to gourmet such as prime rib, cioppino and so on. Bellagio used to be my go to buffet whenever I was in Vegas but this place has taken it's title. . . Its more affordable than the other "upscale" buffets. I was sad that they didn't have oysters on the night that we were there. The servers told me that that the menu varies by night so it's best to call at 5PM to check and see if there's going to be anything specific that you crave. Happy eating and make sure you wear your most comfy pants when eating at Wicked Spoon =]. . . . ***My only complaint here is the fact that their crab legs are already split open for you. I find that because of this, the crab meat dries out more. I like to get down and dirty when it comes to seafood haha.
Whoever said the portions here are small must eat some serious food! Yes, the portion sizes are small, but c'mon, it's an all-you-can-eat buffet! Have 10 rounds if you're that hungry. I thought the sizes were just perfect. Served in their own cute, little platters, everything they offered was so rich and savory! Here's a sampling of what I tried:. . -Risotto with mushroom medley. -Collared greens and ham hocks. -Prime rib (and they can cook it a little more if it's too raw for you. -Custom mac and cheese bar. I had crab, mushroom, bacon and sun dried tomatoes on mine.. -Bone marrow spread for your bread...heh, not my taste, but worth trying.. -Truffle ravioli. -Grilled salmon. -Grilled shrimp on risotto. -An assortment of dessert options (i.e. fried beignet with coffee sauce). . . Verdict? Wicked Spoon=Wicked Good! One of the best Vegas buffets I've tried, ever. There are lots of buffets worth checking out in Vegas and this one should definitely be one of them! Plus, it's an excuse to come visit one of the newer hotels on the strip, and probably one of the last ones to be built for awhile. So purrty!
My buffet of choice for my 21st birthday weekend. We came here for Sunday brunch ($29) and opted for endless mimosas, champagne and bloody Mary's for $37.. . + All the food here is skillfully prepared and beautifully presented. Nothing less than I would expect from a Las Vegas buffet. + Staff was very attentive. Right after I finished each glass of champagne/mimosa, I received another too quickly to replace it. I ended up going through about 11 total. After indulging in the brunch foods, I was definitely overstuffed (ultimate #firstworldproblem). + Presentation was really cute! Many dishes are served in teeny tiny pots, or small fry baskets.. + STRAWBERRY BALSAMIC ICE CREAM/GELATO. Not too sweet, not too balsamic-y, not too heavy- this was just the perfect way to end the meal (after having tried 4-5 other more decadent flavours, and at least half of their dozens of desserts). . - My only problem was the seafood selection available at brunch. But I was not left unsatisfied, as the other dishes present were more than enough to fill me.
Other than the awkward, mysterious, FAR walk to the buffet, it was just awesome.. . The peking duck's bun was a bit hard and disappointing, but the wicked fried chicken wings and gnocchi were AWESOME!  Loved the selection and hard working staff.. . ...Bathrooms are a bit confusing, walked into the men's restroom.  (hello to the guy grunting on the toilet!)
Truffle infused Potato Au Gratin, Wild Mushroom Risotto, Roast Duck...there were so many choices, but these were my favorites.  The risotto was a little under done, but delicious none the less. The crab legs were also yummy, and the almond joy gelato was divine!  A visit to the Wicked Spoon requires stretchy pants...seriously!
Great food selection, and worth the price. Try the Truffled potatoes, Korean BBQ (lots of meat), Prime Rib (cooked perfectly), crab legs, fried chicken, and baked salmon.. . But the highlight would have to be dessert. Everything is good. SAVE SOME ROOM!. . The only drawback was an annoying one. After we initially saw our waitress, we never saw her agin for almost the entire night. And our dirty plates were piling up high. They only saved themselves when we all got some great coffee and tea at the end of our meal.
A solid Vegas buffet. I like that it's not ridiculously overpriced and the wait isn't ridiculously long like a lot of other Vegas buffet, but the quality is just as good. We were there for a holiday weekend, and I believe the holiday brunch special was about $33/person. . . The quality and assortment is what is to be expected. Lots and lots of choices, so I'd recommend that everyone in your party grab what looks good and share at the table because you'd get full once you finished a couple dishes. I thought the little pans that the dishes were served in were really cute and I really liked the smoke salmon/olive bar. Desert choices are good, but I just have to add -the chocolate dipped strawberries look better than they taste.
Beautiful, unique, expansive!. It is not the BEST buffet in town (my vote goes to Bellagio's dinner buffet), but it is definitely the most beautiful (most items are served in individual servings) and offers the most unique offerings I have seen in my 14 years in Las Vegas.. . Huge bone marrow servings. Wild mushroom risotto with truffle sauce -  (OMG). Beignet donuts - ( I miss NOLA). Roasted pig tails - (tastes like ribs). Mac n Cheese bar - Oh momma!. . Not thrilled with the loooooong walk to get to it (had to refill my canteen twice), but we wanted to try it, and I am glad we did.
Now, this isn't you're average buffet. It's not your "dump" on the plate kinda buffet. They have dishes that are put in smaller, individual plates. The disadvantage: you can't put too many on your plate. However, I like this because I actually walking back up to get more food . it somehow helps me to eat better, perhaps because I'm burning a LITTLE bit of calories so that I could soon fill up my plate with MORE calories.. . I love that they have ROASTED BONE MARROW. Sprinkle that sea salt on their and make sure you get that red onion marmalade. Spread that bone marrow on that overized flat crouton (kinda how that toast tasted like) and add a bit of that marmalade. WOW. Sweet fatty crunchy goodness.. . They even have a MAC N CHEESE bar where you get to choose the fillings. Um, can we say YUM! . . The deserts were good... not anything I was too thrilled about. They had macarons which I adore but I wish they had more flavors such as PISTACHIO! I think the chocolate covered strawberries were okay, there was a bit too much chocolate and it was too hard for me. The gelato was divine though. I enjoyed the mango and the salted peanut.. . Wicked Spoon is WICKEDLY AWESOOOOMMMMEEEELLYYYY GOOOOOOD!
I feel like this is the buffet meant for foodies. The food and ingredients are more sophisticated than what you would normally find, but the items themselves are what you would expect. . We went to the brunch buffet, (no bone marrow here, but the bacon cut right from the slab makes up for that). We got there early (thank you time change) so we didn't have much of a wait and it didn't get too crowded while we were there.. I think the individual portions is one of the greatest ideas ever at a buffet (I mean they all do it with desserts, why not chicken and macaroni?). Lets see, I will list the items I remember below because there were so many, but definitely try this place!. . slab bacon, cut to order - delicious!. smoked Gouda macaroni and cheese - looks like more fun than it tastes in its cute little single serving sauce pan (needed salt). cheese stuffed gnocchi - delicious!. butternut squash filled ravioli w/ sage butter - delicious. sushi in the morning - yes please!. salmon/cream cheese/onions/ capers - all day long!. fried chicken - adorable in a mini fryer basket, it was okay, I wish they'd had a chicken tender option instead of just the wings. eggs Benedict - good. yogurt parfait - husband thought it was great. . The sad part is that we really didn't get into the whole dessert counter buffet, and it looked amazing, but you can only eat so much! We'll just have to hit it up next time we're in Vegas.
Great comfort food, but don't go expecting lots of "expensive" offerings.  Snow crab legs were a bit small and tasted slightly off, and there were only 3 types of sushi rolls available, no sashimi at all.  Cocktail shrimp were small-ish (compared to the jumbo ones at Bellagio) and only came 3 to a small serving.  That said, their comfort food dishes were really tasty -- special favorites were the smashed potatoes with truffle oil, creamed corn, roast pork, and beet salad.  Overall quality of the other dishes was very good for a buffet. The individual serving plates were cute but I'm not a fan, as many of the portions were way too large for my preference -- I like to load up on lots of small portions, but here only 4-5 items could fit on my plate at a time.  We went to Wicked Spoon for Sunday dinner and was surprised the line wasn't very long, so it was great to not have to wait almost an hour like at the Wynn & Bellagio.   Overall I liked the buffet and would go back, but with the realization it's more of a casual comfy meal as opposed to a decadent one.
Deciding on which buffet to go to (while standing in line for a taxi cab) in Vegas is tough when you have 6 indecisive people. So, I made the executive decision; Wicked Spoon, please!. . Besides the complimentary Bloody Mary drink (or Mimosa), I enjoyed plates and plates of the cured meats, smoked salmon (with cream cheese, capers, fresh sliced tomatoes), and California cheeses (blue cheese, nom, nom, nom), tri-tip, apple sausages, and the Pistachio gelato.. . I need to come back to Wicked Spoon for dinner on my next visit to try the bone marrow everyone is talking about.
Yuuuuuum.. . So, we came here on a Thursday night just before closing.  Sounds stupid as I write it but we had just arrived after a long day of work and travel and we were hungry.  I realize we would have had much better offerings on a weekend day and probably earlier in their service.  Don't judge.. . All that said, what we did eat was GOOD.  The standout for me was the short rib pasta.  In retrospect, I cannot believe I didn't eat 4 mini pots of that.  It was really yummy.  Other highlights:. . Creamed corn with bacon. Steak (?) and cheese sandwich. Truffled risotto. Pork shoulder. Brie. Caramel gelato (great over their warm chocolate cake). . *Bonus gold coins for the adorable mini-fryers and Chinese food take-out boxes.  As my fiance always says, "b*tches love miniatures" and he's right.  The cute factor is high.. . Great service and the price isn't insane considering the offerings.  I would absolutely come back for the weekend Wicked Spoon experience.
This was probably my favorite buffet in Vegas, but I have not been to a whole lot.  Most of the options are tapas style.  Small servings of prepared dishes in silver hot pots.  Several were very good; I enjoyed the barbecue shrimp and grits the most.  They have several very exotic dishes, including pigs tail and bones marrow.  I tried the pigs tail and it was not for me, and despite being a fairly adventurous eater, I could not bring myself to try the bone marrow.  The highlight was the gelato at the dessert buffet.  Probably about 16 varieties.  The PB&J was awesome.  However, the server at the gelato station makes the Soup Nazi look like a real sweetheart.
I'm disappointed in myself for only going for lunch!  This place was that good, having a lot of the standard buffet fare but at such a higher quality.  . . Favorites: lamb, mac and cheese, freshly made balsamic strawberry ice cream.. . The only thing I didn't like was their bland, unusually flavored al pastor tacos.
i'm a huge fan!  i sort of want to give it 5 stars, but it seems wrong to give a buffet joint 5 stars.  . . so straight off, i thought it was a fairly good deal for dinner, $35.  lots of different stations.  the asian station was sort of weak - sushi was not particularly good - but i guess you shouldn't be getting sushi rolls at a buffet joint anyway.. . so what was good? tons of crab legs with clarified butter, mashed potatoes that tasted like paula deen made them, creamed corn, bone marrow (!), shrimp cocktail, salmon, beignets, chocolate dipped strawberries.  a lot of other things looked good, but i couldn't eat much more - things like shepherd's pie, truffled potato gratin and risotto. . . the wait was kind of  a pain, but we did go on a saturday night.  got in line around 5:45 to pay, then got in the line to be seated around 6 pm, and then didn't actually sit down to eat until around 7 pm.  we left around 9:30, and there was still a pretty healthy lined to be seated...so be warned.
Stayed at the Cosmo. In December.  Came here for breakfast one of the days.  My first impression was that it was very expensive, it was around 50 bucks for 2 people for breakfast ehh.  Well once we were seated and given our drinks, it was starting to show you get what you pay for.  There was a station where you cold have omlets made fresh in front of you.  There was tons of choices anything breakfast oriented you could think of!  But what else was great was that there was also a large amount of dinner foods to choose from, the Mac and cheese was to die for!  And the Asian short ribs were amazing too!   Also the service was outstanding!  I never ran out of water or juice and they always cleaned the dirty dishes off the table promptly!   If your wanting to try a buffet that has a little bit of a different spin on things you need to try this one.
A solid buffet worth trying. The buffet has a wonderful selection of food. The seating area was roomy, stylish, and clean. The food presentation was simple, elegant, and clean. . . As for the food, I sampled many items,but really I ended up hoarding the Kalbi beef. Yeah it was great. One issue I had about the buffet was the lack of seafood. The buffet had your basic fish, crab claws, and shrimp, which every Las Vegas buffet seems to offer. However, I couldn't find steamed crab legs, scallops, or any type of lobster offering. I guess I have to keep going to Rio seafood buffet for those items. . . For a buffet, the price was reasonable. Overall, I will definitely be back to Wicked Spoon buffet next time I am in Las Vegas.
Dude. I love buffets. Not actually ingesting the copious amounts of food, but the concept. When I saw that my hotel's buffet had a ridiculous rating on here, I decided to try it.. . We arrived right before the dinner rush and got seated relatively quickly. The ambience and decor is very trendy and stylish yet warm and inviting, just like the rest of the hotel. . . And the food...ohhh the food. There are so many options it would be silly to list everything I had. There are all types of cuisines and types of food, and many of the dishes are very classy. You won't find any of the "yella" from Vegas Vacation here, but dishes with reductions and demi-glaces and shaved fennels and pan seared things and all kinds of other words that make dishes sound fancy. Most of the foods are served in small portion sizes and come in cute, petite skillets that fit in the palm of your hand - this is great because you can sample lots of things instead of dedicating yourself to a huge dish.. The desserts section is also mindblowing and diabetes-inducing and I am ashamed to say I tried most of the offerings there with my cohort.. . Some of my favorites: Shrimp and grits with gouda; broccoli cheese soup; shepherd's pie (though very very oily); stewed collard greens with ham hock; butternut squash ravioli; ALMOND JOY GELATO!; red velvet chocolate chip cookie.. . This is borderline 5-star territory for me, and you should definitely go. But the crab legs were pretty dry, the pork shoulder was dry as well, and not many dishes COMPLETELY blew my mind. Then again, nothing was below "okay" status. . . Except maybe the sushi.. . But who the hell goes to Vegas for sushi?
My sister had raved about the Wicked Spoon, so it was on the top of the list of Vegas buffets I had to try.  Last time, the mister came out here, the line was hella long, so his experience was a little tainted.  For my first time, I wanted to make sure that we got their early so we can avoid the lines.  . . The buffet opens at 8AM on Saturdays, so tried to get there when it first opened.  We arrived past 9AM and I was scared to find a huge line awaiting us, but luckily there was none.  We were seated right away.  . . I love the decor. Very modern.  It didn't feel like a typical buffet. They had very creative menu selections like corned beef hash eggs benedict, salted caramel pancakes, gnocchi, and very cool desserts like berry fudge.  I also liked how some of the food is served in cute small individual pans and their fried chicken in a wire basket.  The food quality was really good, but I am not giving Wicked Spoon 5 stars because they didn't offer many seafood selections.  Crab legs and oysters would be nice. Also, if you want mimosas, it's $8 extra, but they didn't tell me that until after I was seated and the waiter asked what we wanted to drink. So, they had to give us another check before we left.  They should charge for that when we first paid.  . . Service was okay. Even though our waiter was nice, It took awhile to get refills on our mimosas and coffee.. . Also, now that I have a baby, I have another criteria I look for in restaurants...diaper changing stations in the restrooms.  You'd be surprised how important this feature is until you have kids.  Fortunately, they have a family restroom w/ a changing station near the front entrance of the restaurant.  They don't have changing station in the restroom inside the restaurant, which I thought was a huge oversight.. . Overall, Wicked Spoon is one of the better Vegas buffets out there.  Just make sure you get there before 10AM on the weekends because when we got out at 11A, the line was pretty long.
Fine culinary buffet! This place is classy from the decor to the food. A little on the expensive side ($35 per person on weekend dinner buffet). Also the line is very long so plan accordingly. We arrived around 6pm and we didn't get seated until 730 or so. Now to the food.. . This isn't a throwdown eat your money's worth place. So if you are a buffet beast you may not like it. The restaurant thrives on finer foods not plates with mountains of food. Take your time enjoy every bite here. A few things I recommend are: pear and Gorgonzola pizza, corned beef and cabbage, white truffle rizzoto, shrimp and grits, and the strawberry balsamic gelato (it's great). If you go to Vegas often I recommend trying this place at least once. . . I give it only 4 stars because of the long line and service was a little slow at times, but it was definitely a fine dinner experience.
First day was heaven, except the lines. Second day was earthly except the line was reasonable. both days ate brunch and the same exact menu. would have liked a bit more variety between the days. Meats were all really tasty.  Especially the Galbi and roasted chicken. Salad bar and fruits (grapefruit was delish) could have had more selection. good selection on everything else, plus loved the dim sum items. They were remarkably good. I like that most of the items were individually dished which meant not having to touch a serving fork or spoon that a thousand germy hands have handled before. Wicked spoon in name, not in literal sense.
Absolutely loved it!. . A little on the pricier side ($35per person) than the other buffets on the strip but it was so worth it. I went around 430 and only waited for about 10 minutes or so. When I left the buffet at 7 the line looked like it was going to take hours to get in!. . Really liked how the food is already portioned off for you so it's not like you're diving into this giant thing of mush (gross!) And the portions are light so it gives you a chance to try everything that you want.. . Like everyone else, I loved the mac n cheese bar. It takes them about 3-5 minutes to get it going. The sushi bar could have had a few more options.. . Dessert bar literally had me going in circles. I could not pick anything because there were so many delicious choices that I had to choose wisely since I barely had any room left! . . Waiter was attentive and every time we went up to eat, our plates were cleared and water jug thingy was filled. Perfect experience.
My only complaints are that some of the supposed to be good things such as the kal bee and the crab legs aren't that great. The sushi selection is weak too! But they make up for it with some of their other dishes, like the Mac n cheese station! And the bone marrow you can get at the prime rib station! Mm!
I haven't tried much buffets in Vegas but this is by far the best I've been to! I won the buffet meal through the Cosmo Identity wheel spin thingy... but lunch was only $30 ish. Not bad for high quality foods! Everything looked like it was carefully made and placed in cute little pans. They don't put too much so you can try a little bit of everything. Our waiter was super nice, he let me take home one of the cute fryer things the chicken was served with. . . The dessert section is BEAUTIFUL. Best I've seen so far. I will def come back here and pay $30 for lunch!
I went her with a bachelor party group.  We all stayed at the Monte Carlo and I suggested we walk over to Cosmo and check out this buffet.  We went on a Saturday.  I wasn't sure how it was going to be.  We were a group of about 10 and they sat us on a really cool long table.  Now my taste were fully function due a long night of drinking so everything was like heaven entering my dehydrated body.  They had a good mix.  The buffet wasn't amazing but then when are buffets really amazing?  We didn't pay the dinner price so it wasn't that bad.  I highly recommend checking Wicked Spoon out if you are staying in the area.  Cheers!
The only reason why Im not giving this 5 stars is the pricing.  My girlfriend raved about this buffet (and im not a huge buffet person...I don't eat big meals, but she insisted we go!).. . It was $31 for the regular buffet and $38 for the champagne/bloody mary buffet.  They did have a wide selection...and I wish I wasnt such a particular eater, otherwise I would have enjoyed it more!. . They had Asian food, sweets, meats, salads, sandwhiches, breakfast, sushi, Italian and much more!  . . I do recommend the gnocci...I grabbed seconds on this!. . It's definately an experience...if you don't mind the price, I would definately check it out!
Don't have any other Vegas buffets to compare this to, but this was good.  Small but hearty portions of just about anything.. . My favorite part of the meal?  The mac and cheese station.  Looks like an omelette station but what you get it 10000x better.. . Some of the dishes I had:. Gnocchi in lamb ragu. Spaghetti and meatball. Risotto with truffle oil. Hummus, tzatiki and pita chips. Charcuterie. Creamed corn with bacon. Chocolate covered strawberries. . They have a gelato bar.  Was I not totally stuffed I would have indulged.  Did taste the mango gelato and it was great.  Lots of other desserts too.. . They have limited alcohol offerings - house red or white wines, few beers, and a few cocktail options.  I was unimpressed by the mojito.. . A friend and I arrived a little after 6 on a Saturday night and waited maybe 15-20 minutes.  Not too bad.  The restaurant never really got super crowded inside so I wonder if they have the line to create demand.. . The design of the place is really nice.  Most dishes are served in tiny little pots.  Adds a lot to the experience.
2nd time here and still liked it. Sad that I didn't see any dimsum on the buffet. Oh well, I'll be in China in less than a month!
I heart buffets...yummmy!. . On my last Vegas trip we decided on "wicked spoon". We usually hit up the buffet @ the Wynn but since this place is new we thought we would give it a try.. . I was pleased, layout is nice and open, and servings are pre-sized so you don't take too much. I think that's a great idea, this was you get to try a little bit of EVERYTHING right?. . Loved the fried chicken, and their pesto pasta stuff. The dessert area was yummy also though I didn't much care for the chocolate covered strawberries. The layer of chocolate on them was too thick and it was just too much.... I ended up taking some of the chocolate off.. . Overall it was delicious and in a beautiful hotel & casino.. I still prefer the buffet @ the Wynn tho.
We tried Wicked Spoon for brunch/lunch.  Very good selection.  My favorites were the mac and cheese with linguica, trip tip, ca rolls and their al pastor tacos :)  Good variety different take than the other buffets on the strip.  The dessert area was nice.
I'm not necessarily a buffet person, because I always feel the pressure of having to eat an enormous quantity to justify the amount we are paying..and thus I never feel like I'm getting my money's worth. Also, buffets feel like they stress quantity rather than quality. And the waste of leftover food when you take too much! . . However, may I recommend to you the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The best part is that they provide a variety of foods from different cuisines, and they were all pre-packaged in single serving sizes, thus controlling the quantity (and waste, hopefully)  given out to you, the customer. A written description at each platter leaving nothing to the imagination. So easy to pick up and keep moving. . . Not your typical buffet fare. Highlights include butternut squash ravioli with lobster sauce and pumpernickle, gnocchi lamb ragu with eggplant and capers, vegetable korma (kinda like a curry?), prime rib panini, roasted beets/goat cheese arugula.. Don't forget the dessert, which is the biggest highlight. GELATO GELATO! and beignets, and many other delectable mousses and other flavors to suit all palates. try it. Next time I'll have to try the mac and cheese bar and some other dishes, but I just did not have enough room.. . Paired with a bottle of wine for $20; and we were allowed to take the leftovers back up to the room. Overall, quite a culinary experience and of course, atmosphere in this hotel is swanky and fabulous, which helps.. . Lacking the final star because the service could have been better. Our hostess did not clear our plates in a timely manner, and we found ourselves always looking for her to flag her down, for water, more utensils, napkins etc. Considering we came early and the seating area was not even half full, no excuses..
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  I enjoyed my meal here.  The mac & cheese station was not what I expected and I would probably skip it in the future - which is sad, because I do love me some mac & cheese, but there is so much else here that is good.  The prime rib was excellent, the mashed potatoes were addictive, the mushroom risotto was superb and the deserts were absolutely delicious.  . . The meh:  the pizzas were dried up fossils of something that might have been good had they not been sitting under heat lamps for extended periods of time, the bone marrow (though I'd never had it before, I just didn't see what Anthony Bourdain raves about when I tried it), the aforementioned mac & cheese bar is decent but I can make better at home, the beignets were also dry.  . . For $40 this is not a bad deal at all, considering I've paid well over $50 for prime rib at a steak house and at Wicked Spoon I got prime rib, all the trimmings and more.  I'd like to return for brunch.
Been to Vegas numerous and wife and I love the Buffets there.  Wicked Spoon is good, really good.
Food was okay......service was pretty good for buffet.....the concept is very cool
"Wicked Spoon"...the name makes me hungry! The reviews talking about long lines and long waits made me nervous, but we took a chance for Sunday brunch and WOO-HOO! 15 Minute wait!. . Food was great! We spent about an hour and a half working our way from breakfast, to lunch, a quick stop at dinner, and finally to dessert!. . Omelette Bar = Great. Eggs Benedict = Okay. Seafood = Limited. Chinese food = Good. Japanese Food = Good. Macaroons = AWESOME!. Cheescake= Instant...YUCK!. . Can't remember what else I ate before slipping into my food coma, but I felt like it was a good experience overall and would definitely recommend it again.
Me: Are we going to a buffet later?. Her: "We could" spoon later.. Me: ummmm, ok! (amazed and happy). Her: Yeah, it's at the Cosmo..... Me: Oh shucks, you meant "WICKED" Spoon buffet. Her: Yeah, what buffet were you thinking of?. Me: ummm....yeah, wicked spoon (frown, walks away quickly).  . I don'tgo to buffets often...due to control issues.  I have been to several and usually get disappointed because they don't meet certain criteria that I look for in buffets....cleanliness, selection, and quality of food.  WSB excels in all areas. . . Personal servings are great and presentation adds a wonderful touch.  You can tell they take extra care in preparing their food.  I was a major fan of their carving station and impressed with all-you-can-eat bone marrow and fresh beignets in little deep-fry baskets.  I did expect more dessert items, but they did have a good assortment of gelato flavors.  . . WSB is one of the hottest buffets in town.  And their reputation precedes them.  For someone who normally hates buffets, this place is so worth the experience.  We went early on a Sunday evening and there was no line.  . . I also wanted to get back to the room early. wink wink.
I just love a clean buffet. That being said this was a good buffet, i dont want to say best because i havent tried m, bellagios, and bally's. This is also a fun buffet things come in baskets and pots and tiny chinese boxes! :) Sadly I was just too full to try the desserts. We came here when Super Bowl was just about to start so the line wasn't too bad but still took about half hr to get a seat. I suspect the line was considered short so be prepared to stand or have plan b. Ketchup lovers next to the fries they have bottles of ketchup. I don't always like to have to flag people down for ketchup so was good to have it accessible.
Love the modest portions, gives me the option of going back for more!
Tapas-style! I like the new concept of this place. The small plates allowed me to try everything. (not that buffet doesn't already do that, but it makes it feel more like a restaurant!). . Anywho, they have a mac-n-cheese bar, where you can pick and choose what you want. What more could you ask for????. . In terms of flavor, I felt this place was great. However, I wished it had more seafood options.. . Will be going back this weekend!!!!
Even though I hate buffets, only because I ALWAYS eat to much and feel horrible, I came here.  This is by far the best one I've been to.  Better then; Bellagio, Wynn, Hard Rock, etc...  Awesome prices to!
My mom and I visited the Wicked Spoon buffet on our latest trip to Vegas.  The bus ride was really convenient since it stopped right in front of one of the entrances to the Cosmopolitan hotel.  . . The buffet is a far walk from the entrance, so that helped build up our appetites for the brunch we were heading to.  Brunch was $22 and included a mimosa, bloody mary, or champagne.  There was also a large bottled water on each table so you could serve yourself.  . . I liked how the dishes were portioned off.  I loved the angry mac and cheese (I had two servings of that).  The Asian slaw was also tasty.  The dressing was stellar and it had a little spice to it as well.  I was a little disappointed with the two pieces of shrimp cocktail though.  I had to take a few cups at a time to fulfill my cravings.  . . I didn't try any of the pizza or the other "Asian" choices.  I was full by the time I got my dessert, which included the popular chocolate-covered strawberries, a macaroon, and some mango gelato.  . . When I come back to Vegas again, I will definitely come back for a return visit to the Wicked Spoon.
The Wicked Spoon has to be my favorite buffet in Vegas.  It's an experience to go there and that's why I enjoy it so much.  I wanted so badly to give it 5 stars, but I could not due to just a few shortcomings.. . The Food:. . Wicked Spoon has some amazing selections.  Their salad bar is top notch.  They always have quite a few selections.  Everything tastes fresh and good.  They have the delicious staples of any high-priced Vegas buffet, such a prime rib and crab legs.  Both are delicious of course.  Other highlights include the pork tostadas and any fish dishes they have.  Although it wasn't out this time, I really enjoy their General Tsao's Chicken.. . The mac and cheese station fails in that the mac and cheese oddly enough comes out too cheesy.  No one who got something at that station liked it.  Unfortunately, I think they fail with many of their unique and obscure dishes that you probably wouldn't find at other buffets.  They put out these dishes in hopes of being different and appeasing to different tastes.  Unfortunately, the food is usually not too good.  And the fact that these dishes and rarely touched and pile up in the buffet line goes to show that not too many people are interested.  Most of the unpopular dishes can be found in the italian/pasta area.  I would hope that they track the popularity of their dishes and adjust accordingly.    They could come up with tastier offerings.. . The Dessert:. . Delicious!  The cookies are great.  The chocolate-dipped strawberries are good as well.  Although, I think they offer too many of the mini-cup desserts.  I'm sure those help them keep costs low, but they don't taste good.  . . The Drinks:. . I like that they leave the giant water bottles on the table and that they're cold.  They have a huge alcoholic beverage selection and also feature happy hours.. . The Service:. . Lacking.  We had the 18% auto-grat added as we had a party of 11.  I'm totally cool with paying that, as it's the norm everywhere in the US.  Unfortunately, the service did not match.  While our busser/server was pleasant, she rarely came by.  Our dishes would stack up and non-water drinks would get empty.  I think I saw for our area of about 50 tables to the right of the dessert station, there were only 2 bussers/servers.  This was a Saturday night AND St. Patrick's Day.  They were way over worked.  The buffet was busy but did not have a line to get in, so maybe that's why they were a little understaffed.  That would not keep me from coming back.  I am a water drinker and don't mind the dishes piling up.. . The Price:. . For $35, you get what you pay for.  I also liked the fact that they didn't jack up the price for St. Patrick's Day.  The M Buffet was $50!  Really?. . Overall, I like this buffet a lot and would recommend everyone try it at least once.
did you know you can make reservations at a buffet? . . at the wicked spoon you can (:  i planned our company dinner for here at 6 on a friday, and they let us make reservations in advance, had the entire table and errthing ready before we even got there.  . . 20 dollars a bottle for the wine which aint bad at all.  i wasn't too big on the merlot, but the cab was really good.. . 35 per person.. . i think more than taste wicked spoon is about presentation.  also, because everything is already pre-packed in single(hopefully) servings, it stopped me from over eating.. not sure if that's a good thing since i'm supposed to be getting my monies worth, but i'm sure my body was glad.. . they have a pretty good variety, from soul food, to asian, to greek.  the only thing i was blown away with was the taste of the meats.  the prime rib, the tri tip, the marrow, the ribs.. they were all sort of fatty and bland.  i had to put a really large amount of salt and pepper to get some sort of satisfaction from it.. . the dessert selection on the other hand was pretty legit, and this is coming from a non-dessert type of girL.
This buffet as a whole was pretty amazing! And the huevos were really good! Over a year ago and I still remember them well.
Important to clarify my method for reviews.  I am a firm believer that each review is carried out on a relative scale.  That is, I don't compare a buffet to one of Bobby Flay's restaurants.  . . Five of us visited Wicked Spoon and were very impressed.  Good selection, great decor, nice variety and super service.  One gripe was that the food was a little lukewarm.  Seemed they were expecting their "normal" busy night and things were dead with the NCAA Tournament playing out during dinner time.  If I was in Vegas and seeking a buffet (that pretty much always happens) I would not hesitate to pay another visit.
So I've only been here 2 or 3 times, but every time boyfriend and I come here, we never catch the bone marrow we always want to try! We even have called ahead to make sure and they seriously NEVER have any left. Our friends rave about how yummy the broiled bone marrow is on bread. Sad!. but anyways, the rest of the buffet is cute. I love the salads here. They are all made and portioned in the mini bowls. Truffled mac and cheese,  and cajun shrimp grits are really tasty.. The portions are in little mini pots or bowls for a lot of the salads and hot entrees. There is a station where they make you fresh made macaroni and cheese with all the fixings! Must have! . For weekend brunch they give you free mimosas :]. Pretty much all their cute little mini dessert and gelato bar are always good and pretty in pictures even when you are already super full. $35 a person is worth the money. So I would say about $80 ish for two people to eat here.
This place is like eating at a fancy restaurant in buffet form. I loved it! The restaurant, like everything in the Cosmo hotel, is decorated beautifully. You won't find the troughs of fettucini alfredo and Panda Express quality Chinese food here. You get amazing things like a variety of fancy cheeses, gnocchi with ricotta and lamb bolognese sauce, mac and cheese bar (I made a cheddar, goat cheese, asparagus, and caramelized onion mac and cheese and seriously wanted to lick the plate.... oh em gee), shepherd's pie, bone marrow, goat cheese ravioli with lobster broth sauce, truffled potato au gratin, rich soups (potato when I was there) and a wide selection of salad. All of these things were amazing! I also love that everything is in individual containers so the food doesn't mix together. This is genius! There were some misses on the buffet like the Chinese food (wasn't really my thing) and the spaghetti with lamb meatballs was good, but cold. Despite this, I definitely got my 35$s worth with all of the amazing things I had. THEN it was on to dessert. I think the best items were the chocolate lava cake (with coffee ice cream on top, as suggested by a very friendly employee) and the tiramisu in a chocolate cup. The chocolate cake was soooo goood, probably the best dessert I have had at a buffet. They also had HUGE chocolate covered strawberries in 3 different varieties. Of course, some of the desserts were not so hot, but that's the deal with buffets. . . I have been to several buffets in Vegas (Rio, Flamingo, Bellagio, Paris, Excalibur, etc)  and this was BY FAR the best. For maybe just a few dollars more, or even the same price, this place gives you much more for the money.
Weekday lunch buffet for $22? WHAT A DEAL! One star for being in an amazing hotel, one star for great service, one star for excellent quality in food, one star for just a very enjoyable meal.  . . Unfortunately, I did not feel the amazing variety that people have been raving about.  Next time, I definitely need to go on a weekend and for dinner. . . Overall: it was a great atmosphere to be around. Everything seemed so delicate and beautifully displayed. I love how the portions are divided up for you to prevent wasteful buffet-eaters (like myself). I love their gelato display! My suggestion is to bring a plate, and ask them to give you a little scoop of every gelato so you can try!
What a fantastic buffet!  And in my new favorite hotel, the Cosmopolitan!  For $22 you get the brunch time spread from 10-2 I believe.  This includes one free mimosa/champagne/Bloody Mary. Nice!. . I like the individually portioned foods here.  Such as the tacos, gnocchi, mac-n-cheese, and cobblers.  Also, the abundance of fixings that I had pretty much an entire plate of antipasto fixings made this girl super happy!. . Some of the food was a miss, but as a buffet, it made it easier to accept because there was much more to choose from!  Though I wish there was someone there to serve the gelato from the bar when we stopped in.  Sad and no gelato for me.  Just stared at me from behind the bar.. . Having been to the so-called best buffet at the Bellagio, I think Wicked Spoon wins in price, presentation and taste over that one!
Best buffet in Vegas. Morroccon Chicken, Black Cod. Salmon, smoked salmon, asparagus salad, beet salad, french toast, pastas, fried chicken, gelatos, pastries, cheese station, ny strip, lamb, mango sorbet Long line - and cost 29.95. Nice decor, will definitely be back.
This is definitely one of my favorite buffets in vegas. Actually anywhere! The top are I feel pretty obvious to everyone, M resort and wynn.  I haven't had bellagio so I cant say.... . Each dish was served in small little portioned plates, pots and dishes which were cute and boosts the feel for the buffet to a more upscale feeling. Along with the posters and ambiance of a place. . I see a lot of complaints on the service here, but we received pretty good service from some really hipster looking, upbeat server. He was actually very attentive and personable which was really impressive for a buffet. Meh, I guess service is a hit or miss here. . The foodddd!!! I cant say everything was great, but mmmmm  the cod, beignets with chocolate sauce, crab legs, bone marrow (bf says was surprisingly good), prime rib, egg drop soup,  were all agreed upon a consensus that they were something we all had to try. . The spicy tuna roll was meh, I've never had great sushi rolls at any buffets, and this was not an exception I guess. . I was so full by the time I was ready for desserts but the chocolate covered strawberry and gelatos were yummy! Couldn't manage to fit everything in my tummy so I couldn't finish :/ . But yeah good feasting! Cant say it was exceptionally the best buffet, but it is one of the better ones on the strip.
There are so many reviews here!!! So I do believe that this is my favorite buffet so far, and it's because of the whimsical nature of the buffet. The food is unique, and they are placed in cute individualized dishes: fried chicken in mini baskets, rissoto in mini pans, chow mein in to-go-boxes. I love how things are portion controlled so you don't scoop a ton onto your plate.  Great options for dessert.  You don't come here for seafood sadly, stick to Bellagio or Rio.. . I came here for breakfast and dinner, yes it was a little much. Here are the highlights of what I ate:. Breakfast. - Bacon slab - OH DAMNNN. - Short rib benedict . - Pecan french toast . - Chocolate covered strawberries . . Dinner. - Mac and cheese bar. - Truffle rissoto. - Bone marrow
Definitely the most ornate buffet I have ever been to in my life! They really go out of their way to make every single dish have a nice presentation as if it were food made for a nice sit down restaurant. A lot of the dishes were set in cute individual plates or mini pans rather than a big heated serving tray you find at most buffets.. . When it comes to Vegas I kind of expect everything to be grand and most of the items here we're with the exception of the dried out wimpy crab legs :-(. The sushi was also very....simple....basic....amateur? The rolls would consist of very basic ingredients such as "green bean roll" or "cucumber roll" definitely not the place for a sushi connoisseur. . . My favorite part about about this place when it comes to entrees would probably have to be the juicy prime rib & juicy pork loin. . . Desert is hands down the best thing about this place. My suggestion? Come here with a bunch of your desert loving friends and do a desert buffet :-).
Excellent food choice, diversity and quantity.  I would have given 5 stars but the Wicked Spoon Buffet was severely understaffed.  Lines waiting to pay to get in. Then a longer line to wait to eventually be seated.  Once seated, the servers were covering too many tables and if you wanted another drink or our case, check out, it was a 15 to 20 minute wait.. . You get one mimosa or bloody mary with brunch.  If you want unlimited, it is $8 more. we paid $22 per person for brunch.. . Overall the food was excellent and I would recommend it. It's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan.
The selection here is mind boggling. I've eaten at several buffets in Vegas, and most of them are perfectly acceptable. The Wicked Spoon sets a new standard for this class of restaurant. The food is very very good, and some of it is just beautiful. Great quality, too.. . There weren't very many servers there (for beverages, etc.), which meant coffee, etc. didn't arrive until we were already eating. That was a little inconvenient, but not the end of the world.
First meal after we hopped off the plane!! I heard a lot about this place from my sis, and I was like: gotta try it out!. . We got there at 10:30am, and there were a few groups lining up already. We paid around $23 per person, and took us about 15 min to get seated. The waiter was very nice and asked us what we would like to drink right away. So we got up and went to the food..... OMG!!!! There were so many choices! The clamps, my friend literally went for 6 rounds just for that! I absolutely love the French toast, perfectly cooked with perfect amount of nuts! I love the Mac n Cheese as well. For vegetables, definitely go for the grilled asparagus from the salad bar!! All the other food were awesome! . . For dessert.... I'm totally lost in the sweet wonderland, SO MUCH CHOICES. Okay.... ladies, you all are going to have a really hard time fighting your desires of wanting to try everything. Huge ice-cream and pastries selection! . . It was a super awesome experience and I will definitely come back again!. . First meal after we hopped off the plane!! I heard a lot about this place from my sis, and I was like: gotta try it out!. . We got there at 10:30am, and there were a few groups lining up already. We paid around $23 per person, and took us about 15 min to get seated. The waiter was very nice and asked us what we would like to drink right away. So we got up and went to the food..... OMG!!!! There were so many choices! The clamps, my friend literally went for 6 rounds just for that! I absolutely love the French toast, perfectly cooked with perfect amount of nuts! I love the Mac n Cheese as well. For vegetables, definitely go for the grilled asparagus from the salad bar!! All the other food were awesome! . . For dessert.... I'm totally lost in the sweet wonderland, SO MUCH CHOICES. Okay.... ladies, you all are going to have a really hard time fighting your desires of wanting to try everything. Huge ice-cream and pastries selection! . . It was a super awesome experience and I will definitely come back again!
Apparently, this buffet seems to be the top contenders for best buffet in Vegas. . . PRICE:. The Wicked Spoon is slightly less expensive for all meals, but your savings will amount to about $3 per person.  . . AMBIANCE and PRESENTATION:. I'm not sure what the theme of Wicked Spoon is.  It has metallic ornaments hanging from the ceiling and I'm not sure what they're supposed to be or represent or how it compliments the name of "Wicked Spoon".  The rest of the dining area is kind of dark and woodsy.  Overall, the ambiance  is kind of random and haphazard. But then because it is in Cosmo, the environment is kinda gorgeous. . . However, the use of mini skillets and cups containing smaller portions of food.  While I like this approach as a means of controlling the size of my portions, it gets annoying placing these items in my plate with other items.  I have no idea how many people have touched those containers and I certainly don't want them touching my other foods.  Additionally, those containers are bulky and take a lot of space on my plate.  . . FOOD VARIETY:  . Lack of decent salad bars, which offered 2 choices of premade salads in small bowls. Which is okay for me because Im not really a salad girl. The appetizer/ hor'derve/ pre-meal area consisted mostly of different types of breads, small cups of shrimp cocktails (2 small shrimps per cup). . . The breakfast station offered pancakes and french toast and then as I walked a half foot further I saw tacos and Mexican dishes.  In between the breakfast and Mexican station was a section for toppings for both pancakes and tacos.  As I mentioned before, Wicked Spoon was way too haphazard in its presentation and organization.  . . There was an Italian station where you could have a pasta cooked in front of you with your favorite ingredients by a chef.  They also had an omelet station, crepe station, and panang station where you could also make the aforementioned items cooked to your specifications.   . . The Wicked Spoon offers a lot of meat at the meat station and they have large cuts of bacon, ham, sausage, lamb,  prime rib, and Korean BBQ and some turkey thing covered in teriyaki sauce. They also had crappy sushi that I didn't touch  and some Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwiches, which I wasn't interested in because it was pork based.  oh, they also have miso soup at this station.. . Wicked Spoon offer a diverse and tasty variety of desserts. There's plenty of dessert pics so you can see for yourself what Wicked Spoon has to offer.  I recommend the cheesecake.  The cookies were rock hard and inedible.  The gelato was mediocre.  . . SERVICE:  . . . CONCLUSION: . The Wicked Spoon is all hype.  I attribute the high reviews to a large number of female reviewers who enjoy trendy new things and tasty desserts. Overall, I was thrilled with the value and the variety of Wicked Spoon.  I will clearly be coming here again, but for true seafood lovers, I can see them liking Bellagio, Wynn, or Sterling more. they don't seem to have my macarons and my chocolate cones!
the decor of this buffet is expresses that modern artistic flare which matches the theme of the hotel as a whole. the prices for the meals are pretty high, but then again it is quality food you will be receiving as compared to other all you can eat restaurants with lower standards to food preparation. i especially like the concept that each dish is individually placed in small container so that the flow of traffic runs smoothly. the portions of these individual dishes are a good amount to first try them and if you want more you can continue to grab as many as you desire. thus preventing wastefulness of dishes that you didn't find so appealing. of course the dessert table is fully loaded with amazing delicacies, but don't let my sweet tooth be the one to judge. i would consider this place to be something i would do again on a yearly basis.
good buffet! I went on Easter Sunday 2012 at about 10AM and there was NO LINE and HARDLY ANY WAIT! i don't know if i got lucky or what, but i didn't have to wait for anything. We were seated right away and were eating before you know it! the food was alright, the french toast is amazing! they have a lot of buffet seafood options (sushi, rice, etc) to top it off they have a million different things for dessert. i guess this is what makes this buffet top notch. They have a gelato deli that you can get any ice cream you want and com back for however much you want. people are ranting about their desserts! great buffet to visit at least once while in vegas!
LOVE this buffet and I am not the biggest buffet fan in the world.  My girlfriends and I went to eat brunch and had a lovely time.  For the most part the food was delicious and the service was decent (somewhat slow and forgetful).. . Things I LOVED. * Ambiance and cleanliness. * Unlimited Champagne and Bloody Marys at brunch. * Seared Salmon. * Goat Cheese Ravioli (YUM!). * Lox. *French Toast. . * ALL the gourmet deserts. My faves were the chocolate Tiramisu cups and chocolate covered strawberries. . . Things that were blah. * The wait was ridiculous over an hour. * I drank 6 Bloody Marys and should have been buzzed. * A couple items were mediocre, but the really tasty ones made up for those ;)
I recently revisited Wicked Spoon after reading more positive reviews.  They offer brunch M-F too for $22.99 (new).  I highly recommend their brunch.  I went there over easter weekend.  The lines was short at 11:30am and it pays to pay with a credit card because I got to the self check out line and got a table in short minutes.  The food was great, especially tri tip, baked fried chicken, kalbi ribs, pizzas, salads, desserts.  I also had a free mimosa or bloody marysince it came with brunch. By 12:30pm, the line was long for getting a table so I am glad I got there early.
I was expecting a lot from the Wicked Spoon after reading some of the reviews.  I would have been much better off going in blind, so to speak.  What was I expecting?  I was expecting a much bigger selection of food.  THE BUFFETT of buffetts.  That was my only gripe about the place.  I particularly liked the bone marrow with chimichurri on crackers, the prime rib, and the shrimp.  Mmmm shrimp.  As for the dessert, you have got to try the salted peanut caramel (?) gelato!  One of the best combinations of salty, sweet, creamy ever created by man!!!
I loved the wicked spoon buffet! There were so many delicious unforgettable items and I also like the tapas style buffet. Why did I dock  star? Because there were a few things I wasn't too fond of (green curry noodles, tomato pasta). Here are the items I did like though:. . Pork tostada- YUM. Normally I don't really like Mexican food but the meat was so flavorful, the tostada crispy and just overall sooo yummy. . . Tomato cioppino soup with mussel- This was my absolute favorite of the night. A creamy tomato soup with tiny pieces of potato and one mussel in it. Mixed with baked bread pieces = pure heaven. . . Bone marrow- First time I've ever had bone marrow and can say that it is really good. It basically tastes like fat but better. . . . They also have really good desserts and I loved the salted caramel peanut butter ice cream. Not really sure of the name since I was a bit tipsy. . . Anyways, I would for sure come back here.
I was in Vegas for a business trip. My friend recommended Wicked Spoon Buffet. We came after a long day of working. The decoration was very modern and clean. The setting of the food was just right. You get to try everything ( small portions) . I really like that idea. Because when you are in a buffet, you tend to over eat and don't get to try everything. But here it's just perfect. The only down side was the service lagged and the dessert was just too sweet for me. But presentation is A+.. Would definitely go back to Wicked Spoon.
I came here for dinner before lounging one night--bad idea because I left with a bloated stomach. But anyhow...good buffet but if you want seafood, don't come here. . . I thought Wicked Spoon was pretty hidden consider it was like endless walking toward the back of the Cosmo. The cashier line take forever to move but after that, everything was fast and nice. . . I love how majority of the food are placed in little pots and bowl ( portion control).I thought is great considering I want to try everything and won't over scoop on one particular item. Oh, they also have bone marrow, and their pastas are delicious!. . Their desserts are delightful, my eyes glittered just from staring at the seleciton. . . Their price is also reasonable considering they don't have that many seafood choices--mainly meat, carbs and dessert. Oh yes, great service!
The Wicked Spoon Buffet is located in the far depths of the Cosmopolitan hotel. Could it be placed in a more remote location?! It's hard to compare this buffet to others, but I think it goes on the same caliber as the Wynn Buffet but I can't compare because they just do different cuisines and different things. . . This buffet is a pricey penny at $35 for dinner when there is not that much seafood at all. Dinner starts at 5pm and they close from 2pm to 5pm I believe. . . The sushi sucks here, so don't expect much. It's true what other reviewers stated that they put most of their food items in individual bowls/plates/pots. So it's already portioned out individually which is good for not wasting. But at the same time, if you only want very little of it to try you can't do that either. I thought the food being placed in individual bowls and plates was a neat idea until I got there and 3 or 4 items takes up your entire plate! So you just have to make more trips but I guess that's good because it makes you really rethink if you really want the food item. . . Their food is a different type of caliber and cuisine. There were items like bone marrow, gnocchi, couscous, lamb sliders, fish and chips with waffle fries, etc... The only seafood that I remember them having was skinny/short king crab legs and mussels. I believe that was it? . . The item that stole the show for me here at the WSB was the dessert section! I'm not a huge dessert person either but they had some very unique items here like the ALMOND JOY GELATO! Mhmmm that was soo delicious! They had like 15 different flavors of gelato for your picking which was nice. . . The service by the food staff was sparse, i hardly saw any of them behind the counters and I would have questions or there was no tongs for food. . . I'm deducting a star because of the price of the buffet, the food service and location of how far into Cosmopolitan it is located. And also the food quality was either no taste or overcooked and we went a little after 5pm. A lot of the food items looked better than they tasted which is too bad. And there's hardly any seafood to warrant the price tag.
Great decor for a buffet in the posh hotel. Food was good, about the same in flavor as Wynn or Bellagio. The presentation is what they are going for, serving a lot of dishes in small plates which makes it kind of annoying to get a lot at once. Dessert is great, huge chocolate covered strawberries, macaroons, great gelato variety. I would come back.  . . Paid $35 for dinner.  Service was a bit slow.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet is located on the 2nd floor of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.  Just take the escalators nearest the check-in desk to the second floor and follow the signs......or the aroma of food, I'm sure either one will lead you to this food mecca.. . My friend and I decided to to skip any breakfast completely and went to directly to Wicked Spoon for their brunch buffet.  Priced at $22.00, the brunch buffet is available Monday thru Friday from 8am till 2pm.. . The selections for brunch were quite diverse, and I truly appreciated that since it was 10am....a little too late for breakfast, but perhaps for some, still early for lunch.  Breakfast foods included sausages, fruits, cheeses, breads, bagels, and parfait.  Other standouts and favorites included the sushi, pizzas, ravioli, and fried chicken.  . . The food was very satisfactory, but for me in particular there wasn't that "wow" factor that took my breath away.  However, I think Wicked Spoon makes an impression with their presentation, such as the fried chicken served in miniature deep fryer basket, whilst the ravioli was served in tiny fry pans.  . . BEST:  The most memorable part about brunch:  dessert, of course.  I wish I had saved more room for dessert because the choices and selection would have satisfied any and all sweet tooth cravings.  Not wanting to over indulge, I made sure I chose only what I knew I would finish.  I ended up with 2 raspberry macaroons, 1 cheesecake, and 1 pecan pie.  Loved dessert.. . SERVICE:  Good.  Not excellent....but good and satisfactory.  The server was friendly enough, but we had to wait for what seemed like a century before we got refills for our soda.. . Bottom Line:  I thought the price for brunch was reasonable and the selection was satisfactory.  I wouldn't rule out another visit to Wicked Spoon, but perhaps for dinner next time.
Great buffet. $35 a person for a wide variety of gourmet food. Everything was great except for the sushi. Skip that. Also - desserts are amazing and they have a sugar-free selection. I'd pay $30 just for the sweets!!!
We came here at the suggestion of a friend.  Being from Hawaii and coming over on Vacations Hawaii, we tend to stay in Downtown Las Vegas for most of our dining.  Similar to the majority I would guess.. We headed out to the Wicked Spoon after a long day of shopping.  Originally I expected to have a stopover at our hotel to change clothes and was actually not happy about being in shorts and slipper for our dinner buffet.  I was glad to se numerous other people as the dinner progress to be in similar clothes.  Based on my friends despription of the dinner fair I was thinking everything was upper class, even the dining attire.  I guess they probably would want you to dress up but being Vegas, take anything.. We got there at the start of their dinner buffet service.  Just after 5:00 pm.  Even though we were one of the first parties to arrive, they were prepped and ready for a hundred.  . We did a quick walkthrough of the buffet to plan  our attack.  My goal was not to load up too much on the heavy foods and make sure I can try all the dishes that I wanted too.  Almost all of the dishes are presented like 5 star restaurant appetizers or sides.  Coming form CUT two nights ago I can honestly say they could have easily pulled their appetizers straght off these buffet lines.. All the dishes were presented very elegantly.  A dish in their own.  My particular favorites were the shrimp and bbq, cowboy bacon on potato, soybeans, cheese platter, pig tail, and the decadent desserts.  The desserts were awesome.  I usually don't eat dessert in restaurant as I normally am too full, but I save space for them here.  I actually ate dinner, dessert, then dinner again.  I had to end on the king crab legs-----of course.. They also have a special Happy Hour pricing for selct drinks and cocktails from the bar from 5:00 to ?. . No matter what your appetite, you will definitely find what you want at the Wicked Spoon buffet.  It will be on my must go list for my next trip out here.  It is about $38 but you are in Las Vegas. Give them a try and Happy Eats!!
The so-called spoons are OUTRAGEOUS!. . I was at the Cosmo waiting on IPL 4 to wrap up when my friend asked me if I wanted to go to the buffet. To say the least, I was not disappointed. The Wicked Spoon has amazing food! . . Do yourself a HUGE favor and go try their seafood line. They will make you a seafood dish on the spot!. . BUT beware of the hefty price. Play some lucky hands at the tables before you approach the bill.
My FAVORITE buffet on the strip! Unlimited bone marrow for dinner and so many yummy desserts to choose from. . . Minus one star because the dinner buffet is pretty pricey.
Price is average for a buffet in Vegas.  Lines tend to be a bit more longer on weekends and holidays.  Place is furnished nicely.  Quite a walk for elders like my grandma.  My family enjoyed the korean ribs (nicely flavored).  Everything is already pre-served.  The little kettles and plates keep foulers from grabbing more than what they can eat.  Interesting to find bone marrow here on the carving station.  People would come here for the dessert.  I got to say, wonderful.. from the chocolate dipped strawberries to the build your own strawberry shortcake.  Place does offer alcohol for an additional fee.  Services is average (waiters/servers are barely making their rounds to fill your drink back up).  I did encounter a bad experience once here, but I would probably blame that it was Labor day Weekend.  Place is dim in certain areas, but much brighter near the buffet.  Modern style interior design which gives it an upscale look.  Beware, It cuts deep into your wallet (better hope you do well at the tables).
Came here for brunch on a Friday. The dining area is great and doesn't look like the typical cheap Vegas buffets....and that's because this is definitely not the typical buffet. This buffet actually looks very nice and has a wide variety of food for everyone. For brunch they had everything from bagels to steak. The food was good for the most part, some things I just wasn't a fan of, but it was more because of my personal taste than anything else. My favorite was the dessert selection though, so many great tasting desserts to choose from! I filled up a whole plate with just desserts myself. Next time, i'll come back and try the dinner. For the price, It better be as good or better than their brunch!
Must be one of my favorite buffets of all time. They offer a different variety of foods, not your typical buffet. I'm giving this 4 stars because of the variety and quality. The portion sizes are also not typical of buffets and some are served in individual dishes. Can't wait to go back and indulge for the next Vegas trip
one of the best buffets in lv. dessert alone is worth going and the mac n cheese bar the bomb. bone marrow sooo good but sooo super fat! started hallucinating after like 3 bone marrows but worth it. I would give it a 5 if their crabs were king crab legs and not snow crab but everything else is on point. This place is is fine dining w good food and not boojie like alot of the other buffets. this place is just bomb!
I heard so much about this place that I had to try it on my last Vegas trip.  We went for Sunday brunch and I opted to pay an extra $8 for unlimited mimosas.  While walking around to see what they have, I was a bit disappointed to see that they didn't have an crab legs, which is always a highlight for me when visiting Vegas buffets.  However, they made up for the lack of crab legs with the delicious food served in cute little pans.  This was the most unique buffet I have ever been to.  They served more gourmet type dishes that you wouldn't normally see.  My favorites were the butternut squash ravioli and the mac n cheese with sausage.  The waitress was pretty good about refilling my mimosa.  I would definitely come back.
Great buffet and I don't typically like buffets.  There is something for anyone here.  A good value too.  Interior, appearance and service are also plusses.
This place is pretty awesome.  There is a huge array of so many different styles of cuisine.  I was always under the impression that going to a Vegas buffet meant that you'd have to sludge through unhealthy food and feel terrible afterwards.  The Wicked Spoon has none of that and is worth every penny.. . Some of the highlights for me were the BBQ shrimp and grits, the 3 Cauliflower stir fry (white, green, purple), veal sliders, and the shrimp ceviche.  Totally worth coming back next time you're hung over and need some food!
LOVE this buffet!! I'd have to say the Wynn & Wicked Spoon are my top 2. I've tried so many vegas buffets, but wicked spoon is definitely worth the price. Like most ppl have stated the food is served in small portions, but that's a good thing 'cause then you don't overstack your plate and you'll get more variety. Decor inside is just as cool as the casino itself. The meat section however wasn't the buffet's strong point. Prime rib lacked flavor and nobody wanted to get the cured bacon. Salad/fruit bar was awesome! Love how everything was fresh and they even had blood oranges! Bad thing was that their shrimp cocktail was served in these tiny cups w/ just about 2 pieces of shrimp in it and a tiny thing slice of lemon. Had the standard breakfast foods as well and omlette section. Their chef could use some customer service lessons. They don't really interact w/ you and give off a vibe that they hate their job.. . Most of the food here was the same as any other buffet quality wise, but what differentiates this buffet from the Wynn is the dessert section! LOVE the chocolate covered strawberries w/ toffee nuggets yummmm. These are BIG strawberries and they weren't sour either. They also have gelato served in a cute little delicious crispy waffle cup.. . Overall great buffet, but we came for brunch so didn't get to try the other exotic foods like bone marrow. Will definitely come back to try dinner next time I'm in vegas. Too bad this buffet has a cutoff time between lunch & dinner so you can't come and pay lunch price to stay for dinner haha.
They have recently won awards for the best buffet in Vegas, and I would have to agree.  They have a large, diverse and interesting selection of foods, and the individual portion sizes helps keep the food fresh.  Sometimes items have been sitting for quite a while, but this is normal for buffets - I think it's just more obvious here because of the single servings.  The desserts here looked great and the bonus was they also tasted good (not the case at some other places).  Friendly, efficient staff throughout.  Nice, upscale, clean atmosphere.  If you're trying to decide between here and the Bellagio, this place (Wicked Spoon) is much better in my opinion.
This is a really nice place! The Wicked Spoon Buffet has got my vote as one of the better buffets in Vegas. I was really impressed by the entrance to the buffet. It is really modern and the decor impressive. If you get there around 6ish, you should be able to get in without an extra long wait. Our group of ten waited maybe 15 minutes. Once seated, you are immediately met by the server who will take care of you during your dinner.  We sat at a long table with high bar chairs which I really lThey bring you flasks of water so no need to keep asking for refills. Once you decide to get started you are literally met by a barrage of different stations offering up so many different delectable food selections! I especially enjoyed the salad bar and the BLT salad, it was really good. The shrimp cocktail was refreshing. On to the meat! You have a selection of prime rib, lamb, bone with the marrow in it, yes, seriously. They also have BBQ ribs, fish, chicken, the crispy baked chicken was tasty. As for us crab leg lovers, well, I wasn't overly impressed, it was standard buffet fare and if it were true Alaskan King Crab Legs, I'm sure the price of the buffet would have been stiffer! They didn't have that natural saltiness to it, maybe they were boiled? There is a sushi section where you can have custom rolls made or just sample the different varieties. There is an extensive selection of desserts, from pies to cakes, gelato, ice cream, chocolate bars... Would I go back next time? You bet!
I generally try to stay away from buffets for two reasons: 1. The food isn't that great and 2. If the food is good, I can't stop eating. Unfortunately for my stomach, the food here was great. This was the last stop before heading home. The wait/line for Sunday brunch was sooo long! Felt like I was in a Disneyland line for a ride. However, its safe to say that it was worth it. For about $30.00 you get to stuff your face with quality food.  There is a little something for everyone, from pasta, salads, breakfast items...too many things to name. Luckily for me, most things came in somewhat  small portions...which only meant that I had to try whatever I could get my hands on. There were so many things to choose from that it made my head spin.  Some of my favorite items were: the angry mac n cheese, short ribs, salmon, dumplings, and apple salad. I took a quick peek at the breakfast items..and almost shed a tear when I saw the jar of nutella. Finally, I had to try the dessert. There were a lot of options. With my major sweet tooth, I had to brace myself and try almost everything. They had a wide variety of mini trifles, cheesecakes, and other goodies. They even had a gelato bar! Sugar-free items were also available (macarons, tiny trifles, chocolate mousse). A second stomach is seriously needed at this buffet. . The only downfall is the service..took forever to get our drink orders and utensils. . Highly recommend checking this buffet out...just don't do it before a 4 hour drive home like I did -_-
Absolutely LOVE this buffet! It may be a little on the pricey side, but hey - why else would you be in Las Vegas if not to splurge and waste cash? There is SO much to choose from, its almost overwhelming - but I wasn't afraid, as I dove right in and loaded up my plate. They have everything from breakfast, to Chinese, to salads, to country-style ham and mashed potatoes. One of my favorite items is the apple walnut French toast - GASP!! For a couple dollars more, you can also have unlimited mimosas and/or bloody-mary's! Their desert options are robust as well - this went extremely well and matched my waistline as the end of my experience - robust. Highly recommend you try it out
After a tiring trade show it's always good to visit a buffet where you can eat yourself to the floor so that they can call the paramedics. This time it almost happened again :). What I liked about Wicked: It's cheap! The dishes are displayed very different in little individual dishes, which kind of prevents you from over eating. The food was fresh, I highly recommend the cocktail shrimp ( I usually don't like it but here it was very good) The pasta dishes are average, but the meat and fish plates are good. The desert table is very cute with little cakes and their ice cream rocks. . I will definitely come back here and put my flat belly to risk again, because it's worth it.
A Vegas buffet that doesn't feel like a Vegas buffet.. . After walking what felt like 5 miles through the Cosmopolitan to find find this place... we were all famished and ready for a meal of epic proportions. I'm not a big buffet fan,  one one of the others in our group had heard great things and I was up for anything. Most buffets that I have tried are noisy, crowded and the food has been sitting out for a while. But this was different.. . We walk in to find a low lit, cozy atmosphere with a little more upscale feel and clientele. The waiter was friendly and quick to take our drink orders and then send us on our way to the feeding through. I was expecting the usual buckets of food with oversized spoons for you to slop on your plate, but I was quite pleased to see individual plates set out with perfect little portions. This made me happy. I didn't have to worry about accidentally filling my plate with something that wasn't up to par and stuffing myself.. . Gnocchi, fish and chips, shrimp and grits, cheese plates, salads, asian dishes, bruschetta... and that was just the beginning. All served in perfect portions with sauces and sometimes sides to compliment the dish. It was all quite delicious. Especially for $36.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely bring friends here. Good quality for a decent price. Especially for Vegas.
Food was really good for a buffet. The line to get in was about 30 min.  My favorite was the jumbo BBQ shrimp with grits. They also prepared jumbo shrimp and mussel dishes to order. The placewas crowded for a Monday night which is good because the food did not sit out for very long. Other winners included oriental BBQ beef, snow crab legs, goat cheese ravioli, gnocchi. I am not a Desert lover but the great desert display drew me in and I enjoyed the bread pudding, ice cream and cheesecake. This is a must do when in Vegas.
Best buffet in VEGAS!
I am very pleased with this non buffet buffet.. . The first time I went to Vegas, my dad told me to try the Bellagio buffet.  I have made a point to stop there each trip, but then I always sample one other to see if I like it better.  I have finally found a buffet that topped the Bellagio.. . The presentation of the food is a huge departure for the other buffets.  Food is served on little plates, rather than large trays, and on carving stations.  The portions are quite small, no more than a quarter the size of your plate, including the little plate it is on served on, which all but forces you to try many different thing.  Each dish felt like it was prepared with more care that the average item on a normal buffet.  Many of the foods were quite creative as well.  The only thing this buffet didn't nail was there breads.  Each bread wrapping or shell tasted funny, so I would avoid if possible.. . There are two downsides here.  The buffet is pricey, even by Vegas standards.  It is still less than a quality meal at a higher end Vegas place, but it isn't the $3.99 prime rib from the old days.  Also, it is a long walk from the strip to get here.  it is in the back of the Cosmopolitan, but somehow it feels like following the signs you have to walk through a maze to get here.  . . If you like the idea of buffets, but the general gorging and presentation isn't for you, this is an ideal spot.
I'm not usually a big buffet fan but the number of individual serving-sized dishes (refreshed frequently) here and overall good food quality sold me on wicked spoon. . . Desserts were great as well! Overall it was worth the $35 for the one buffet I plan to eat on this trip.
For the price of this buffet, it's awesome! $35! WHEE!. . It's pretty freakin' cool that they have practically unlimited bone marrow!! The catch, though, is that the bone marrow is not the greatest tasting marrow of them all. It lacked seasoning, lacked some sort of bread to go with it, making it taste just fatty... I came here hoping to eat mostly bone marrow and be embarrassed by the amount of bone stacked on my plate, but alas, I only ate one. :( meow meow..... . What helped boost their rating is their angry mac and cheese! And it comes in a little cute pot as well. I probably could've eaten this the rest of the night, but I decided not to waste my $35 on amazing mac and cheese.  Next time I come though, I will get more than 1 serving.. . Crab legs are also available. I wish they had more variety of crab legs like the Wynn buffet offers, but the fact that they have it at all is still nice in my book.  . . Overall, I left happy and full.  The wait was a little over an hour, which I guess isn't horrible.  The staff could've been a bit more attentive, but it's a buffet so I didn't expect much.  Will definitely come back again!
First, let's realize that this review is based on this being a buffet. I don't eat at a lot of buffets but when I do, I don't think they can be compared to a regular restaurant because the logistics are completely different.. . I brought a group here in April towards the end of the brunch time on a Monday. I think this changed some of the dishes, because the smaller plated pastas and other dishes had dried out a bit and hadn't been replaced. However, the flavors were still on point and the plating was edible to the eye.. . Comparing this to other mid-week lunch options like M and Bellagio, this buffet takes the buffet experience to a new level. The individual plating makes you feel like you are in a fine dining experience instead of a mass-produced one. And the desserts were never-ending!. . I will note that the sushi was a let-down. Compared to other Vegas buffet sushi offerings, the options were limited and poorly made. However if sushi isn't your thing, then you won't even notice!. . If I have to have another buffet in Vegas, I will definitely be back to the Wicked Spoon.
I came here for brunch and I thought they had a good selection of dishes and the food was good.  The eggs benedict was really good, the pork adobo was great, the chicken pot pie was also really good too.  I tried a few of the salads but wasn't that impressed with those.  The gelato bar is awesome!  Loved the gelato bar.  Overall, the food is good but not amazing but for brunch it was pretty good.  I don't think I would come here for dinner but have been told by friends that the dinner buffet was good with interesting options such as bone marrow.  I think the brunch buffet here is better than the Bellagio buffet.  Long lines at both places though so be prepared to wait a while.
Been to many buffets in Vegas and else where.  For a Vegas buffet, WS is definitely one of the better and the $36 price tag is very reasonable.. . The Asian section is a bit weak but the rest of the stuff is pretty good.  I was a bit disappointed by the dessert station because it looked much better in pictures.  The macaroons were not very good at all and the rest was very mediocre.  The bright spot was the gelato station.
Wow - thanks my fellow yelpers for recommending such a fantastic place! After having had the Bellagio and Wynn buffet, I definitely think Wicked Spoon was the best. This review though is specifically for the lunch so dinner might be different.. . The selection here was fantastic for lunch time - they had an omelett station, while also having pre-made eggs benedict (either ham or mushroom for vegetarians or mushroom lovers), quiches, smoked salmon.. and then they also have more lunch type foods - korean short ribs, prime rib, shrimp cocktail.. . My friends loved the dessert here - especially when they had macaroons!
$22 per person for Brunch. Personally I love the smoked salmon with cream cheese and capers (also had cherry tomatoes on the side) Good mixed olives. Fruit selection rather lacking, only had watermelons and cantalopes. The tri-tip medium rare nice and juicy. Sausage links are home made nice flavor. Fried chicken only ok, too dry and crusty. Wicked mac & cheese super yummy. Slab of bacon not too salty very yummy. Goat cheese ravioli yummy. . When you get to dessert the gelato are wonderful. My favorite is the pastachio, so very creamy. The fruit gelato are nice too (I tried 4 different flavors, all yummy) Chocolate covered strawberries are a must. Everything in the dessert section is very good, good to try a bit of everything.. They serve Mighty Leaf tea which is loose leaf in a silk bag. Good quality.. Overall the good value. Food quality is slightly better than average buffet
The best buffet in Vegas.  I wasn't having high hopes about this buffet because it has always been disappointing, but boy was I wrong. This buffet already serves most of its dishes in individually, which makes the counter clean and makes the food look appetizing! Also, I think because of the fact they portion their food, each piece has to be cooked individually, so it perfectly cooked!. . My favorite was their prime rib and their bone marrow; it's a must try item.. . So why 1 star off? The desserts were HORRIBLE! It's either too sweet or not sweet at all. So if you're a big person on sweets, this is not the buffet for you!
By Far The best buffet I've been to and that's saying a lot I've been to Vegas for years now and have probably been to almost every buffet at every major Hotel on the strip. It's not your typical buffet it's very chic and  classy from the plates from the pots I'd suggest fasting long before you come here.  Why?  Because you'll want to eat everything there and it would suck if you don't have room for it all.  Save room for dessert.  Seriously, don't think about skipping it, you'll hate yourself.
Yelp Challenge 365 # 174/365. . On the reviews of Dave F, Michael C, Chau V and last but not least Kevin P, I decided to give this place a try. Let me preface my review by saying I am not much of a buffet person... okay, call me a buffet snob and based on my being a buffet snob, I am compelled to write a review of what I found to be. . 1) a new concept of buffet. Why? because each course is served in its individual dishes; portioned just right for the tasting. . 2) a beautiful place in a sassy hotel and casino. . 3) easy to get to meaning you don't have to search for it. The 2nd floor is designed such that you can simply follow the signs and you will find it.. . 4) reasonable in cost; the dinner buffet is $35. . 5) a great place to taste wines you can pair with your selections of food. You would have to purhcase a wine card for $25. Take the card to the wine chill, select your variety of wine with a 1 ounce minimum.... and you're good to go. You will be able to pair your food with the wine. . And the list goes on. For the most part, if I had to do a buffet in Las Vegas, I would definitely go back to the Wicked Spoon.. . By the way, my favorite course was the lobster mac n cheese, veal sliders, followed by their fresh seafood bar and then.... deserts!
Probably one of the best brunch buffets in town.  I loved the individual servings.  I have no idea why anyone would complain about having individual serving dishes vs. having to serve yourself out of a huge tray of food. I thought the mini metal pans and baskets were great.  It really is a great concept.  Some of the dishes really stood out (mac and cheese, eggs benedict).  Our server was very attentive and kept our mimosa glasses full.  Love the nice bottle of water on the table.  Could possibly use some more variety but we were absolutely stuffed when we left.
This is a review for the Wicked Spoon Brunch.  I passed on the all you can drink mimosas, bloody mary's, and bells is and I'm not sorry I did.  Here is why...  Our server didn't come by enough to check on us or refill our sodas.  . . Let's breakdown brunch by the sections.  There was a breakfast section with pancakes, French toast, tacos el pastor, and salmon.  Some of the dishes like the el pastor and salmon were individual servings.. . There is a pizza station and I love the pizza. . .  The carving station had rotisserie chicken, sliced bacon, prime rib, and leg of lamb.  No bone marrow at lunch.. . There is a pasta station with ravioli and pasta.. . The Asian food section had kalbi, boxed Asian takeout, and banh mi but i never saw it during my trips to the buffet,. . Save room for gelato during dessert.  There is a good selection of desserts, but nothing memorable.. . If the service was better, I would've given wicked spoon a 5 stars (as a buffet).
Wicked Spoon is wicked huge!  First, take everything you thought you knew (or hated) about AYCE buffets and toss it out the door.  This is the classiest buffet I've ever been too.  At $35 for dinner it's not cheap, but I imagine the typical value seeker with a big appetite could get his/her monies worth.. . Unfortunately, we came in when the group was not only starving, but also a tad boozed up on fruity rum drinks (or at least I was).  So of course, I ordered a glass of wine I didn't need from their extensive wine list and proceeded to stare at it through most of the dinner while my stomach flipped over on itself.. . The buffet was great though and I wish I had been in a better state to enjoy.  A big plus was the price/quality keeping the Circus Circus families away and their kids' hands out of the industrial sized vats of mashed potatoes (which this place was far too classy for).  Most of the entree type dishes came in individual serving cups and were truly chef inspired.  My favorite little dish was shrimp and grits, but I also had some tasty salmon and risotto, Asian salad, and spicy mac n cheese.  But fear not buffet mashed potato lovers!  They have those as well (sans grubby kids' hands all over them, and they were delicious).  Also lots of salads, grilled veggies, pizza, etc etc etc.. . Moving onto dessert was almost a form of torture.  They looked so good and I was just.....so.  FULL.  But I rallied behind my stomach and went for it anyway, selecting banana bread pudding, strawberry shortcake, and carrot cake (all in manageable portions, of course).. . Only downside really was the buffet's situation in the Cosmopolitan.  You wind through a casino, up an escalator, through yards and yards of seemingly empty/useless space before you see signs of life at the buffet.  Maybe it's meant to add to the "this place has glitter and jewels and endless amounts of space!" sort of opulance we've all come to know and love in Vegas.. . If you're not a typical buffet fan, I urge you to check this one out.  Just avoid the fruity rum drinks prior to.
This place has clearly entered the top tier of Vegas buffets with The Bellagio and The Wynn buffets. My biggest knock is that there arent as many options here as at those two places. That being said, everything that was made was very well done. . . Side note- if you love bacon, come here
had to hit up the wicked spoon again on our recent trip to vegas. but i have to admit, like sade says, "its never as good as the first time". . . we went to the breakfast buffet on a weekday this time so the menu might not be as great as maybe the saturday breakfast brunch we went to previously. i was sad there were no red velvet pancakes. sniff sniff. they only had regular buttermilk...which i guess were also good but it aint no red velvet thats for sure. maybe they only save that for the weekenders. the food selection was still huge but i couldnt find as many things to eat this time around as i did last time. altho im sure glad that the gelato was still there. you really cant go wrong with gelato first thing in the morning. . . i still love the wicked spoon and we will def come back but i think i might want to try the weekend breakfast brunch again to see if they bust out the more yummy food....like red velvet pancakes!
Oh Look! A non-Orange-County-based review! Must be a slow Yelpy day.. . $35 plus tax is the cost to be a world class fat ass.. . Let's make it short and simple:. . Came here on a Monday night. Don't ask me why. I don't always go to Vegas for fun. I had work to do there, and not the kind that requires you to get on your knees and jugular and stuff while flaunting a neon-colored mesh suit and transparent hooker heels with coin slot on the side of the platform.. . Line can be long, but it moves quickly. Table setups are ok. You might as well sit really uncomfortably close to a lonely Asian man who wears fanny pack or a hoard of drunk college girls. Waiters are quick to take your plates and refill your water.. . Food: Well......IT'S A BUFFET. There's a salad bar and because it's $35 you are going to get a selection of gourmet cheese on a fancy wooden board and bucketful of olives and shrimp cocktail in a cute little shot glass. I would say simply skip the salad bar and head over to the hot entrees side, you know, stay true to the inner fatty that you are.. . OH MAN I don't know why this buffet entry gets me so bored.. . There's braised pork and cold crab legs (not-that-great), and filet mignon and lamb and roasted vegetables and truffle mac and cheese and I don't know, how the hell am I supposed to remember them all? They were all really good. You got a black guy hovering over the fried chicken area and Asian guy picking at kung pao chow mein and stuff, and then there's me gluing to the dessert bar. Am  I being spoiled? Oh yeah, don't go over to the Asian food side. They have the coldest sushi and blandest Chinese food. Ewwie.. . Speaking of the dessert bar....I think I am getting a little too excited just thinking about it. I'll brb.. .. .. .. . AND I'M BACK! They had a mountain of chocolate covered strawberries! And these tiny little creamy custard treats and gold chocolate leaf on top of more fatty creamy delicious sweets. It's like a heart attack disguised as a puppy. So tempting to go for a third, a fourth, a zillionth.... . . I like Vegas. They got these shiny lights and endless buffets and this stripper named Karen that my friend was so adamant about marrying.. . So yeah, I'd recommend this place.
Good value and unique offerings.. . I've been for both brunch and dinner and have been happy with each visit. Pricing is on par with the town's top buffets and it's not a "cheap" meal but if you consider the cost of an app, entree, dessert and non-alcoholic beverage at a restaurant serving the same caliper of food - it's a good value.. . Table service has always been prompt and attentive. Food at the stations always fresh which I believed is helped by the individual servings you are presented. Something for everyone and certainly a top choice in town (I believe it has surpassed the Wynn Buffet.)
yummy!!!! finally a buffet that I actually enjoyed, the food was great!!! it is pricey but well worth the quality!
Finally after a few trips to Vegas, I got to try out Wicked Spoon!  I already had a pretty good idea what to expect from this buffet since all my friends have been here already and posted positive reviews and delicious food pics.  My first foray with WS was for Friday Brunch.. . I liked how everything was served in small portions so you could try things without picking up too much.  The best things I had for brunch were the Kalbi Ribs, The Smoked Salmon, Beet Salad, Eggs Benedict, their Mac N Cheese and a good amount of stuff from the Dessert Station.  I wasn't too fond of the meat selection from their Carving Station though.  The Bacon Slab was pretty bland and the Tri-Tip was tough even though I had a medium rare piece.. . I'm not a big buffet person, but Wicked Spoon was a really fun buffet.  I can't say it edges out the Wynn, but they're both pretty close overall.  I wouldn't mind going back again to see what they have for dinner.
Granted, I've only been to two buffets in Vegas, but this is definitely the best one yet :). . One thing that's mandatory on my Vegas list is a Sunday brunch buffet, and even though I normally go to the Bellagio's all-you-can-eat fest, I decided to be a little more adventurous, pay the 5 extra bucks and head over to Wicked Spoon.. . The Cosmopolitan is an exciting and breathtaking hotel in it of itself... modern art, a million dollar chandelier, lots of people-watching (even though it smells of musty sewer water at times)... so you figure the buffet has to match up to its hype. In comes Wicked Spoon Buffet with its breathtaking decor and massive line to get in. . . When my fiance and I (and another couple) finally got inside, we rushed straight towards the buffet. Something that sets them apart from other buffets (that I know of) is not only do they have delectable food, but they also serve them in individually-sized containers. I think it's a great idea because not only does it look aesthetically pleasing, but it probably helps with portion control. They serve small portions of pasta, noodles (in mini Chinese take-out boxes! Love!) and meat in ramekins or mini-pots that you can hold in one palm. . . In my first round, I took back two plates and two extra mini-pots of ravioli and mac and cheese. Like any buffet, not every food is going to be spectacular... but I thought their food was pretty good. I was also impressed by their Asian selection... they even had kimchi! Granted, Americanized kimchi, but still! But don't get their kalbi... tough as nails, which was a crying shame. Oh well. I'll eat the other 500 things in their buffet :). . Their dessert buffet killed me. A large square bar boasting of mini-sized but decadent puddings, cakes, custards and yes, even gelato. I gotta admit... some of the mini dessert shots I got left much to be desired, but pair their molten chocolate cake with their vanilla bean gelato, and I was in dessert heaven. Really, you couldn't ask for anything more.
Came here for breakfast and ended up eating one breakfast item.  I liked that their selection wasn't just limited to breakfast food at 10am.  . I mean, no one really needs fried chicken and mac and cheese in the morning, but hey if it's there, I'm going to eat it!. . They actually had really good little slices of pizza, great selection of meats and cheese, an omelet station, chinese food, fried chicken, veggies, fruits, pretty much everything....and their dessert section ain't that bad either.. . They also offer bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for only $7-$8 extra.
Now THIS is a buffet! Huge is the word that comes to mind, but it doesn't accurately prepare you for how big this buffet is. Imagine a buffet laid out down a football field...that's pretty much how long it is. Fresh seafood? Check. A fruit and salad bar island as big as the island that some of the fruit is from? Check. Prime rib, leg of lamb, and pork shoulder? Check, check, and check. Plus there's so much more, including sushi and Sweet-Tooth Heaven Island (the dessert bar).. . The seafood options were probably my favorite. The shrimp and cheese grits were amazing, and the salmon was as well. The pork shoulder was fantastic, but the prime rib was overcooked. The sushi was small, but surprisingly good for being on a buffet. And their ice tea was perfect, especially after a hot day of hit'n up the Strip.. . If you want to experience what a high-end buffet is like, Wicked Spoon is your destination. As Carly B. pointed out, it's kind of a hike through the Cosmo casino, but I'm glad we did it. A word of advice: try to save room for dessert (this is probably futile though). Also, eating just before or after rush hour for a meal time is advised, as there can be quite the line.
I ate so much I almost could not zip up the dress I wore at night. oops.. . with that being said. I LOVE THIS PLACE!. . . Came here at 4:45pm and there was already a line, so come here early.. . I was a bit surprised because it's not your typical, grab as much as you want buffet. They come in small serving sizes (so you look a bit ridiculous carrying 10 little pots of pasta). Don't get me wrong, you can still do it, you just look silly.. . My friend is pescatarian and there were plenty of options for her. . . The pasta there is on point and totally hits the spot for pasta lovers. especially the sgaghetti and the gnocci.  The pasta is served in little pots so if youre looking to get a plate full, you'll have to go in rounds. . . They also had a truffle potato dish that i could have ate again and again and again. . . Everyone said to try the bone marrow and so I did. I'm sorry, but I don't know what all the hype is about. bleh.. . The best part of the buffet? The dessert section. . . - Lemon raspberry cheese cake - yum yum! a little too sweet though.. - pecan pie - meh, could have done better. - macaroons - they run out fast so grab a ton if you can! The grape one was good, but the pomegranate one is YUMMMMMMMMMMM!! I went back for seconds but they didn't have anymore. :( . - a wide assortment of gelato, i got the strawberry balsamic vinaigrette, blood orange, and mint chocolate chip. The mint chocolate chip was AMAZING! Where do I sign up to get a tub of this!? They had little "crunchies" in them! . . I got too excited about eating and forgot to take pictures of all the food.  [Yes, I forgot all 9 rounds I went back to for food] whoops. . . DEFINITELY coming back here the next time I'm in vegas.
Went on a Saturday night. Not too crowded, but full of folks. . . Food was excellent for a buffet. Had the typical prime rib and crab legs, but a lot more. I really liked the way they served up small portions of their interesting menu items in little cups or pots, etc. Interesting combinations and takes on normal buffet items like truffle potatoes au gratin, "angry' mac and cheese (spicy!)., very interesting small portions of gourmet pizza or pasta, gazpacho in a shot glass, etc. Really cool. . . They also have a wine pairing ticket you can buy (we didn't) and the wine selections looked appropriate to the ticket price.. . Desserts were excellent as well. $35 for a Saturday evening dinner and enough variety and excitement in the menu to ensure that we'll be back on our next trip.
As far as Vegas buffets go, this one is about average, a little more because they are trying the small plate method. I say trying the small plates because they aren't quite succeeding. Being it that most people go to buffets to try a lot of different kinds of foods, I was excited about a buffet that would cater to that. And while there were some dishes on, yes, small plates, mostly it was your normal trough. That said, the food was good, the desserts were delicious (not that I had much room left) and the mimosas stayed full the entire 2 hours we were there. If you are at the Cosmo, it's a good bet.
I haven't been a huge fan of the Bellaggio or Wynn buffets....but I feel Wicked Spoon has some redeeming qualities with a cheaper price tag than the competitors.  With any buffet, there are some dishes that are better than others.  Some dishes that stood out to me were the freshly sauteed mussels and large shrimp in different butter sauces, my favorite being the mango and current butter.  They also have crab legs for dinner, which is pretty standard.  The prime rib was hit and miss...the end pieces were quite flavorful, but I also had a piece that didn't seem seasoned.  The pork spare ribs were tender and flavorful.  They offer bone marrow, but I don't think I've acquired the taste for that quite yet...since it just tastes like a spoonful of fat.  The dessert bar was quite impressive with a large assortment of gelato flavors (including strawberry balsamic).  I think the reason I'm a fan of this place is that they have individualized portions served and it isn't served in a large vat/plate...with random strangers possibly reaching in and leaving behind something possibly at the same time...
I think I ate all their pasta. . . What a cute buffet restaurant! I'm not sure how new it is, but it looks very modern and clean. OK - let me get straight to it and list out everything I loved about Wicked Spoon.. . - Tender, juicy prime rib with horseradish. Mmm, I had like 3 slices.. - Snow crabs. I can eat these forever.. - Pasta (angry mac and cheese, spaghetti and meatballs, gnocchi and a bunch of others in these cute little silver pans). . - A variety of different types of sushi. -  Potato with truffle cheese. - Chinese fried rice. I normally don't like to eat rice at buffets, but I gave it a try since I was feeling like I needed some carbs. It was pretty amazing and even had the chinese sausages (lap cheurng). . - 9 different flavors of gelato. You can tell them you want like 3 flavors and they'll scoop each one into a cute little bowl for you :). . You know the feeling you get when you're full and your brain tells you you've had enough? Well, that happened to me acouple times and I just ignored it and kept eating. It was that good.. . Came here for Memorial day wkend and it wasn't too packed around 430pm (we left a pool party and was super hungry!). We spent about $43 (I think it was a bit more expensive because it was a holiday wkend).
Um yeah this place is hellza good. Especially when you are hungover, need to grab some quick food, are ready to hit the Cosmo pool, & want to look like a hungover beached whale.. . Their presentation is all individual portions made in little crock pots or little saucepans. It's really cute, very unique, and you don't feel like you are eating at a horse troff.. . They have almost anything one could want here! My friend's a veggie and she chowed down here. I'm a carnivore and made it my bi@tch.
I'm not a big frequenter of buffets, and I probably did not eat my money's worth. I had stayed up too late the night before and drank to much to fully appreciate this buffet. However, as far as buffets go, I really like this one. I liked the huge selection. I liked that they had small portions so you can try a little of everything.. . And any buffet that has an Asian section and feature kimchee for sure gets extra points. The raspberry and mango gelato were to die for! Also notable was the angry mac and cheese.. . Service was great, the wait wasn't too long (15 minutes).
Wicked Spoon has forever ruined all other buffets for me. To me buffets are all quantity over quality. Wicked Spoon's amount of food isn't overwhelmiing and the quality surpasses that of any other buffet AND some restaurants. . . I enjoyed how a lot of the food is portioned out into little frying baskets, tiny pots and shot glasses. It allows you to sample everything and not fill up. . . Woulda given a 5'er but our server was slow at clearing plates and bringing our drinks.
Best buffet ever.  Was in Vegas last weekend and gorged myself at the Wicked Spoon.  This place has everything and it is definitely well priced.  There are so many options I really think I took a bite of everything.  The only drawback is the line can be out of control.  I had hoped to eat here once more before I left but the line was so out of control I opted to go elsewhere (sad I did).  This is a definite must do for me during every trip.
Favorite buffet in Vegas. Delicious, fresh, abundant options. Loved Wicked Spoon's individual serving sizes - definitely distinguishes it from other Strip buffets, including Bellagio. . . Antipasto (5-star) - excellent meats, olives, cheeses, fresh grapes. All kept very clean.. Mexican (4-star): Tacos, pork, ceviche all done pretty well.. Meats: (4-star): Carving station had an incredible bacon - best I've ever had, and whiskey-rubbed pork shoulder. Galbi and bbq ribs had good flavor.. Seafood: (4-star): Doesn't have king crab, but fish (salmon, halibut) was well-made - salmon melts in your mouth, and shrimp cocktail was fresh.. Asian (3-star): Sushi selection is non-existent/passable. Had a delicious duck bun similar to TW gwa bao, mistakenly labeled "banh mi" (major miss). No dimsum, udon or congee.. . Desserts (5-star). Obsessed with the housemade marshmallows - so cute and tasty. . Gelato bar is fantastic w/mini-scoops perfect for sampling flavors. . Loved the tasting cup creations - faves were passionfruit gelee layered with chocolate mousse, strawberry shortcake. . Gigantic chocolate-covered strawberries - have never seen strawberries as large as these - intense.. . Quick service on weekdays, wait on weekends can be a bit longer. A bit hidden in the back of Cosmo, but quiet and classy vs. the buffet at Bellagio (aka circus).
Went to Wicked Spoon last night for dinner and was impressed by the overall quality of foods. Each station had something very unique that you can't find in buffets like Wynn and Bellagio. . I also liked the individual mini metal "pans" that had single serving dishes which kept the quality of foods high, but the plates were kind of small so you could only put like 3 or 4 metal "pans" on your plate. heh
This is one of those places that is quality over quantity. The food is above average, but there is not an abundance of selections. I still thought it was amazing and the food was superb. I would come for the desserts alone. What other buffet do you find huge chocolate and candy covered strawberries? None I've seen yet!
I can't eat much in one sitting, so I don't get my money worth when I go to buffet... . This place was the bomb though! I had a major sweet tooth and I pounded the chocolate covered strawberries.
One word... "Amazing" Went here twice in one weekend and enjoyed it both times. . . 1st visit we went for dinner. Price was average and the selection of the dishes were great. Presentation for many of the items were too cool. There was even bone marrow! That fatty, buttery goodness. I could barely finish one bone. So good, but sticks with you. There was a shrimp and mussel station where you can choose your flavors from buttery to curry. And they cook it in front of you. Desserts were good as well with some "sugar free" options.. . 2nd visit was for lunch. And we really enjoyed this as well. More new dishes to try and it all so good... again. I hardest part it choosing what to get! Our server "Hong" was very friend and so attentive. Made our visit that much better. We got the unlimited mimosa and champagne for $8, and he just kept bringing them.. too cool.. . Overall, it was a very nice experience and the food lived up to the hype. The service was good for us as well. We went early both times, and we beat the crowds. Hardly any waiting in line. Score!... We'll be back!
Came here on a Tuesday morning before leaving Vegas. Brunch was reasonably priced and came with either a free bloody mary, glass of champage or mimosa. If you get a mimosa or bloody mary do not expect anything strong, but my mimosa was still good nonetheless. I mean we had a 4 hour drive home so it's probably for the best. . . On to the food...This buffet probably has the best presentation I have seen thus far in Vegas. Everything I had was good. I made sure to try the mac n cheese and the fried chicken since people raved about them. I did like the mac n cheese however the chicken wasn't exactly my style. It definitely has an old fashioned type recipe used...could really taste the flour. I know lots of people like that (even my Grandma) but that just isn't my thing. The asian station was by far my favorite. The short ribs were amazing! Some pieces were fatty, but I made sure I didn't grab those pieces. Unfortunately I'm that person that goes to a buffet and gets full from looking at all the food, yet somehow I still always want to go. I may not be able to eat my weight in food, but it's still great to go and taste all the variety. This buffet defiintely delivered. Plus the service was great as well. Will definitely recommend to my friends when in Vegas!
Thisis a really delicious buffet but to date, this buffet has been the most expensive one I've gone to.  I believe it was $35 a person.  Whatevs, it's Vegas and at least the food ended up being worth it.. . I am currently limited on my food intake (both what I can eat and portion control) but I did my best to take full advantage of the buffet.  I ate:. . Mashed potatoes. Rotisserie chicken. Angry mac and cheese. Bbq shrimp and grits. Chicken pot pie. Sushi. Fried rice. Orange chicken (I think). The itty bitty shrimp ceviche. . To say I only went one round at a buffet is indeed portion control for me!. . What I like the most about this buffet is most of the food are in their own separate cups which in my opinion keeps the area looking clean and stops the spreading of germ from people who hover over food and even touch it.. . They also have a wonderful dessert bar but I only was able to try a chocolate chip cookie :( The second batch was good because they were fresh.. . Wicked Spoon is definitely a buffet I'd frequent, it's up there with my other favorites.  Now I'll have to do rock, paper, scissors when picking a Vegas buffet spot.  Too many good options.
$27 + $7 for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. Wow, this place is INSANE! Actually, not the absolute best brunch I've been to BUT it's a close second! This place definitely wins the prize for presentation. Many servings are in super-cute single serving containers: white ramekins, squared-off asian-style fingerbowls, mini frybaskets and wax paper for the chicken, mini takeout boxes for the asian noodle salad, etc. It really stepped the food up. Don't miss: 1. The french toast. Perfectly light and fluffy on warm brioche! Yum!!!!!!!!!  2. the mac and cheese w/ truffle oil. 3. the pecan tart, 4 the tiramisu ice cream, 5. the bloody mary (thin but actually REALLY good).  I had the bacon, summer sausage, made to order omelette, ravioli, gnocchi, lamb, and asian noodle salad as well. All very good.  Good experience. I'd come back.
Wicked Spoon Buffet is better than the M Buffet. . Errrthang is good. my favorite dish to get / order is where you can ask a chef to stir fry up some shrimp in a sauce of your choice. Usually, the made-to-order dishes at buffets are nasty, but this one was delicious. . . The various desserts was impeccable as well. cake, cheesecake, italian ice cream, and more!!! just look at all the pics on their yelp profile.. . The only bad thing was the price. It was 45 bucks!! (but in all honesty, it was worth it)
Not as great as the Wynn buffet but definitely worth a try.  Food selection is limited for  Saturday dinner but presentation and quality are outstanding.. . Angry mac and cheese is the bomb.  Shrimp cocktail and crab legs are fresh and delicious.  Other entree selections okay as well.  French onion soup was too salty though.  Desert was the best part.  Bread pudding and the chocolate dipped strawberries are must-try's.
Finally made it out here!  Highlights for dinner were:. . Mussel and Shrimp Bar - you get to choose either/ or mix them and a chef will personally steam (if mussles) or fry them (if shrimp) with different butters ie garlic, lemongrass, etc...  There is a line, since they are cooked to order, but it's totally worth it.. . Spaghetti and Veal Meatball (I'm a meatball fanatic, I loved this dish, perfectly personalized portion so you don't get full). . Green Curry Noodles (served in a little Chinese to go box). . Cowboy bacon (never have had this dish before in my life, served with a potato underneath - phenomenal!). . Desert is also excellent - the fudge pop is the winner here, but the gelato, bread pudding, chocolate covered strawberries are all great.. . Good items, but not my favorite, were the prime rib and the slice of lamb.  Both meats were good but lacked in bursting flavor.  Mac and cheese was decent as well.  Asian menu seemed boring?. . I think the price is not outrageous for a Vegas buffet, our server was very nice and attentive,  The restaurant itself is also beautiful.  Cheers!
First line to pay then second lines to wait to be seated. Weekday around 11:30 pay line was longer than the seating line. . . Things I liked @ brunch:. Smoked salmon with capers and cucumbers good portion and yummy. Angry Mac and cheese, angry bc of the hint of spice.. Korean BBQ ribs-a bit tough to cut with a butter knife but the flavor was delicious. Thick cut slab bacon at the carving station. Gelato- delicious salted caramel and tiramisu. . Homemade marshmellows, soft fluffy goodness. Mini apple crumble pie tarts. Balanced sweetness of warm French toast. Cocktail shrimp- stock up on these single shooters . Cheesecake with raspberries on top was yummy perfect texture and richness. . Things to avoid:. Green curry noodles in the take out box. Awful! Blan fettuccine like noodles with tasteless green paste.. Eggs Benedict the sauce tasted like a package mix. My egg was runny and fine but the bf's was solid.. sushi- minuscule and lacking any sort of real fish. The imitation crab wasn't even good.. strawberry short cake- bland tasteless best thing was just the strawberry on top. .  . Overall good, I enjoyed the food that I tried and there were enough things that I wasn't stuck with just two favorite dishes. Much better than othe buffets I believe for the price and quality. . . P.s. I didn't notice many people tipping and over heard some servers complaining about it. I get that it's a buffet and you're getting your own food, but people don't forget to tip at least a few bucks for those who are bringing you drinks and clearing off those tables.. . I had a mimosa and asked for a coke and tea, and of coursed tipped a few bucks to our server.
i LOVED this buffet! Normally I don't like buffets because the food is usually bad to mediocre and i'm a quality over quantity type of person but buffets is not the case. However, WS was recommended to me by my friend and I was extremely attracted to the presentation of their food so i decided to try it. My eyes always eat before my mouth does.. . The buffet was pretty cheap considering it's all you can eat for only 25 bucks for brunch! I liked how everything was portioned into small pots and pans. The fried chicken was flavourful but a little oily yet what can i expect, its fried right. The smoked salmon of course was divine because smoked salmon can never go wrong. The kalbi beef was really good. The angry mac and cheese didn't taste very "angry" (or spicy) to me though.. . The desserts were generally good, wide selection yet it wasn't too sweet. I liked how they have a selection of gelato and not just cheap vanilla, strawberry or chocolate ice cream. However the chocolate dipped strawberries looked pretty sad.  They looked like the person making them was in a terrible rush to throw them on the table. They tasted good but the person who made them obviously didn't really give a shit about what they look like. The small pecan tarts and mini apple pastry/crumble was good. . . Honestly, what made me want to eat here the most was the presentation of their food and most of their desserts were cute and pretty to look at. Of course, the taste wasn't bad either.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm coming back for dinner.
Wicked Spoon Buffet is located deep within the ornate Cosmopolitan hotel.  The decor matches the contemporary and feminine theme.  We came in on Father's day, and it was around $50/person.. . I was starving when I entered this buffet.  One of the waitresses greeted us and gave us the drinks we ordered fairly quickly.  The selections of food at this buffet was outstanding.  There were delicious small entrees in "spoons" which were mini pots (see pictures).  The concept is great since its more hygienic eliminating tongs and clamps that a lot of people would touch.  The metal handles of these spoons are sometimes really hot though, so be careful.  I enjoyed the lobster mac and cheese which was rich in flavor and brought a childhood favorite to a whole new level.  I also enjoyed the fresh snow crab, which was pre-sliced for easier consumption.  Other delicious and memorable entrees include scalloped potatoes, chicken schwarma and pork tostadas.  Sadly, the vegetable soup was pretty darn salty. . . Dessert selections were excellent.  Gold foil were on many of the small mousse cups.  They also had a good selection of gelato (which seems to be popular in Vegas).  Don't forget the chocolate covered strawberries.  For more healthier selections, there are fruits such as nectarine and watermelon.  . . Overall, Wicked Spoon is a fairly great buffet I may come back to. It is worth a try if you haven't yet and feel like spending some or have been lucky at the blackjack table.
Lots of choices for Sunday brunch. We happened to be there on fathers day and it was $48 for all you can drink mimosas/bloody mary/champaign. Not a big buffet person but I thought for the price  the selection was pretty good.
On the last day of our Vegas family vacation my family wanted to make sure we ate at a buffet before we left. With all the options available on the strip we turned to Yelp and decided on the Wicked Spoon based on its positive reviews and its proximity to our hotel. . . I must say that I was not disappointed. We went on a Thursday afternoon for the brunch and it wasn't crowded at all. At $22 with a mimosa/bloody mary/champagne I thought the price was more than reasonable. For an additional $8 you could make it bottomless. . . I really enjoyed the unique variety of food the buffet provided. It had the traditional breakfast items such as omelet station, bagels and lox, bacon, sausage, etc. However, it provided some unique items as well such sushi/Asian, tacos, and various fish dishes. I thought that the tapas-style servings were unique and provided the perfect portion for trying everything out.. . Some of my favorite dishes included the pork belly buns and the curried mussels. The dessert bar is phenomenal! It had a gelato station and various miniature desserts such as tiramisu and French macaroons which finished the meal very nicely. And of course I can't forget to mention the plump and juicy chocolate covered strawberries! They were of course delicious!. . Overall, I would say that the Wicked Spoon is great brunch! I didn't get to try out some of the options that others had mentioned (i.e.: bone marrow and mac and cheese bar--maybe they're only available on the weekend?), but still enjoyed myself with a unique brunch experience!
Very elegant buffet at the Cosmopolitan.  About $40 a person.  Nice for a date...everything tasted good.  Lots of seafood...everything is portioned out...so very cute for a date if you aren't trying to CHOW down...but still want to enjoy a variety!. . I prefer the get down dirty eating! LOL....hahah. . I prob would NOT go back...not because it wasnt' good...just cause I need to GRUB! :D
One of the more expensive buffets but I'm willing to pay for better quality food given every other time i've been to Vegas a bit if a culinary disaster. The dishes were more contemporary like you'd see at a hip restaurant and much props for offering bone marrow. The main dishes were good but I'd say the sides and desserts are better.
Pricey but had a nice selection.  They make a lot of individually sized portions in its own dish, which is nice.  The mac n cheese had good flavor but was more watery than I'd prefer.  Omelet bar is good.  I really enjoyed the salads as well (beet salad with arugula and spinach salad).  Definitely recommend if you're looking for a buffet.  But like most other ones, prepare for a wait.
If you could do only one buffet in Vegas, this is it. Not just your ordinary Vegas buffet, everything here is done a little unique. Leg of lamb, bone marrow, rotisseries pork, crab legs, made to order clam, shrimp or mussel. Like how they served the sides on a mini pot, instead on a huge bowl after hundred other people went through it. Some Asian food is served in a little carry out container. Save room for dessert, if you're a chocolate lover, you won't be disappointed. Try the chocolate covered bacon? Place is a little pricy, but is worth it. But schedule your visit though, they are closed during mid day, and the lunch menu is different.
Awesome Value: $25, Exceptional Desserts: Gelato, chocolate truffles, macaroons & Surprisingly Tasty entrees: Gnocchi, Butternut Squash Ravioli, Cheese Selection, Premium Italian Meat Selection, Lox and Grilled Salmon were my Favs. Consistently going back!
I ate here (again) last weekend and a must try for breakfast is the French Toast. Best in the world and I don't even like breakfast food like that. I think for dessert which I had for breakfast (JUDGE ME) was a chocolate covered strawberry with sprinkled oreo crumbs. Yummy!. . They have an entire asian fusion section if you are into that as well as a lot of seafood, veggie, healthy and unhealthy options.. . I've never seen so many desserts in all my life...from gelato...to chocolate covered everything to apple cobbler...cheesecakes, cakes, cookies, brownies... . A bit pricey I think it was $70.00 for two people, but definitely worth it. :)
I came here on Thursday for my birthday dinner and it was the best! The atmosphere and the decorations were amazing. It was a little noise but not enough to bother anyone or to prevent you from having a conversation with anyone in your table. The customer service was ok. The only problem I had was it took a while for our server to refill our drinks. Most of the food being served are already in individual bowls and the food is divided in groups of their origin. I'll admit that this buffet doesn't have as much variety compared to most buffet, but their food is pretty good. The desserts there are to die for! They have so much to choose from! The pictures taken from the buffet is pretty much what you're going to see and eat at the Wicked Spoon Buffet. Me & my group left satisfied and full!
Everyone should know that buffet food will never be as good as a quality sit-down establishment.  That being said, for a buffet, the Spoon was extremely satisfying!  My only complaints would be a few of the entries weren't prepared too well.  Corn on the cob, some pork dishes and some sushi rolls taste "store-bought".  Nonetheless, I'd recommend this place to anyone...and save as much room as possible for dessert.  That was definitely the highlight for me.
The very first buffet I've had in Las Vegas!. . Award for presentation goes to Wicked Spoon! Everything is packaged into cute, individual boxes, plates, bowls, etc. The food here isn't bad either to be honest. Nothing like other buffets that serve bland and lackluster foods. And... drum roll plz... They have prime rib! For brunch!. . Our server was extremely nice as well, I was a tad surprised at the amount of hospitality.
Vegas buffets are a must! Went for brunch and didn't have to wait long. What makes Wicked Spoon different from other buffets are that they have the food separated in little portions so we can essentially try a little of everything. Sushi wasn't good at all but everything else was decent and good. The chocolate covered strawberries were the best. I'd definitely go back.
One of the better buffets on the strip... for now.  . The item that stood out the most and that I wish I save more room for in my stomach is the chocolate covered strawberry.  These strawberries are so good that I am tempted to go to Wicked Spoon and eat only the chocolate covered strawberries.  And I probably would leave happy and satisfied.
I'd drive the almost 4 hours from home just for the ANGRY MAC & CHEESE! So delish! I like that the food is in single portions and there is a wide variety so much flavor in each dish. The desserts are amazing too! Service was very friendly and mimosas were on point. Definitely add this to the "Vegas to do list" you won't be disappointed!
bottomless mimosa, champagne, bloody mary for the lunch buffet for an extra $8. totally worth it. i was sad the macarons ran out before i got to them but that's what i get for not stocking up. all the food was delicious and the design of the small plates were cute. however, i def ate less than what was in those little skillets and mini pans so it could end up being wasteful. also, not a huge seafood selection but that may have been because we were there for lunch, not dinner. no bone marrow at lunch either. i have to go back for dinner to give this place a proper rating. the brunch was good. i wish they had more egg dishes to select from but the desserts made up for it. oh, and the alcohol.. . Not a good idea to eat here right before driving back to LA. We were so drunk from the bottomless mimosas that we had to delay our driving by gambling a little and losing a bit more money.
Wicked Spoon Buffet took my Las Vegas Buffet virginity and I'd like to confirm that it was a very tasty experience. The restaurant itself is very lovely and large and their presentation of food in mini servings is unique.. . Pros. . + Bacon. + Bacon. + Bacon. + Tri-Tip was Delicious. + Home Style Fried Chicken. + Asian Style Pork Ribs had Great Char Taste and Addicting. + Hash Browns were Great. + Orange Chicken. + Curry Mussels. + Pork Bun was Good. + Cocktail Shrimp. + Easy to eat Fried Rice. + Made to Order Omelette. + Lots of Ice Cream. + Macaron. + Complimentary Champagne. + Nice Bathrooms. . Cons. . - No Bone Marrow for Lunch. - Very Limited Japanese Food Selection. - Street Tacos were Whatever. - Pork and Beans were Mostly Beans and Rice. - Came 1 PM, Pulled Food at 2:15 PM. . Conclusion. . I hope to return for dinner! Check it out if you're into buffets done a little different.
At first I was a little hesitant about the $44 (tax and tip included) price tag, but once I got my food I was pleasantly surprised.. . There are a ton of options, and since they regulate how many people are getting food at a time, there isn't too long of a wait for the more popular items such as the meats. . . There basically wasn't anything I didn't like (but I'm generally easy to please anyway!). . My only regret is that I only had one stomach because there were definitely items I wanted to try but didn't have room for! . . The dessert section is like a tiny little store within the restaurant itself, with an ice cream bar and thousands upon thousands of assorted chocolate fruit cups and pastries. Again, I wish that I could surgically augment my gastrointestinal system with 3 or so more stomachs to contain all that tasty food!
The food was great at a pretty reasonable price. The line for fresh eggs is going to be a wait but overall it was a decent buffet.
- We came here again during July 4th, and they upped the price to 29. No difference in brunch menu. - No macarons :(. - Black Omelet man got jokes. Don't order scrambled eggs and call avocados, guacamole. :)
I came here for brunch and was instantly hooked. The price was reasonable at $22 which also came with one complimentary mimosa or champagne. The small details made it a pleasant experience from having an awesome server who brought our drinks and cleared the table, to the small individualized plates, pans, etc. The fact that they had Creminelli cured meats was a plus! I loved their gelato selection as well. I definitely will be coming here again!
I'm not a buffet person anymore. I prefer great food not okay food and endless portions. After checking out the reviews I thought if I was going to try a buffet it would be Wicked Spoon. . . Came in for lunch on a Tuesday. Price was $22.00 per a person and it includes one adult beverage. . . We didn't have a wait since we opted to sit at the bar instead of waiting for a table. The hostess escorted us to our seats and let us know we could get started. . . I recommend circling the buffet before filling the plate. There is so much to choose from; salads, carved meats, pastas, Chinese, Japanese, breakfast items and mucho desserts and sweets. . . During my visit I tried the carved chicken breast it was very good, moist and juicy. Green mixed salad, beet salad with feta and cucumber salad. All were fresh and taste good. Shrimp was served in a small clear plastic cup with the red cocktail sauce. It was okay not much flavor the sauce helped. The Mac n cheese was served in small metal pot. It was very cute but taste was just okay. It was a little runny but the bread crumb topping was delish. The smoked salmon was very good . It was served on a small platter with capers and cucumbers. I tried a few pieces of spicy tuna and california rolls. They were okay not much to remember. . . Now for the important stuff DESSERT!! . I had two of the huge chocolate covered strawberries. OMG so good they were topped with Oreo cookie crumbles. I could have eaten until I got myself sick off of them. Next dessert victim was a cake pop. It was chocolate cake with a dark chocolate hard outside covered with gold flakes. A small bite was enough it was so rich. I stole a small bite of the apple crumble served in a small metal pot. It was okay nothing special. . . Service was not good. The waiter was MIA  95% of the time. He checked on us once. Then he took our water carafe, napkins and silverware when we went up for the last trip and never replaced it. I don't think he cared to checked to see if we came back. . . We normally tip when we are dining at buffets but needless to say we didn't this time. . . I wouldn't let the bad service stop us from coming back. The food was good for a buffet, price is fair and the buffet line was clean. I like how most of the items are portioned out in small bowls and containers.
I always learn anew that buffets are a place of plenty rather than good. As far as buffets go, the Wicked Spoon has well above average buffet quality food. Their unique thing is to have servings in cute miniature pots and serving dishes. There are big wood boards with five pieces of different cheese. It makes it special to have a little cheese course, rather than gobbling piles of artery-jammers onto your plate. There were tiny deep frying dishes that held a portion of fish and chips.. . The one disappointment was that there was no fruit. I'm a big fan of fruit. I usually load up big time on fruit at the end. There were only chocolate covered strawberries. I didn't feel like scraping the chocolate of the strawberries to get a bowl of strawberries.
I believe this place is a bit overhyped, but I'm gonna give the weekday brunch a try next time. . . For an early Saturday dinner (6:30), Iwas thanking the heavens above that there was no line. We literally paid and got a table in seconds. Yay! We were starving from walking from Aria and getting lost looking for the place, but what was most disappointing was the variety. I felt like there wasn't as much stuff as Wynn and M Resort buffets. And even though all the dishes were made well, the dessert bar was also underwhelming. I saw all this delicious stuff but everything tasted mediocre. The only things memorable were the sauteed shrimp that's made to order, the risotto, and the gelato. The snow crab legs were cut so thin, and the bone marrow was pretty much all fat. I couldn't get myself to eat more than 1 bone marrow, so that was a bust. Also, the macarons from the dessert bar were too sweet and the texture wasn't right, either. I actually preferred the savory stuff over sweets this time, and that never happens at Vegas buffets for me! Their shrimp was definitely the highlight being so juicy and plump! They give you like four choices of butter to saute in, and ALL of them are amazing!. . Overall, I just had really high expectations for the dessert bar, and I was sorely disappointed. However, $22 for a weekday brunch sounds pretty good since their food is pretty fresh, and the only thing I love more than dessert is egg. It's worth giving it a try, but I prefer the M Resort buffet for dinner.
There was a huge selection! I did enjoy most of the things that went on my plate...the creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, prime rib sandwich, crab legs, and braised pork ribs were my favorites. The bone marrow was a dissapointment...all fat, no marrow! Eew!  I was really looking forward to the dessert and grabbed a plate full of tiny bites to sample, but everything was SO DAMN SWEET! Even the macaroons were too sweet and those were what I was really looking foward to! Ick! The one dessert I did enjoy was the gelato.....mmmm mmmm goodness with a subtle hint of sweet. Just . as I like it!. . All in all, good food, bad desserts. FYI: I decided to stay away from the buffets for the rest of the stay as I ate so much it pretty much kept me full the rest of the damn weekend! Lol.
This was fantastic.  We spent a long weekend in Vegas and this was one of two buffets we made it out to (the other being the Bellagio).  I could not have been happier with our decision to check out the Cosmopolitan and eat here.  Skip to the bottom of my review to checkout the highlights of our meal.. . First of all, the hotel, casino, and Wicked Spoon itself are all gorgeous.  They are done up in modern chic and feel more like a club/lounge than a hotel or buffet.  This may not appeal to all visitors since the lighting tends to be darker and more ambient than most other locals in Vegas.  To me, it was refreshing and a pleasant alternative to all the blinding ads and lights of other hotel/casinos.  . . Wicked Spoon (and The Cosmopolitan) is certainly aimed at a younger crowd, and this was something else I really enjoyed.  Not so much because I feel more comfortable around people my age, but more so because there were not many families and children all over the place.. . One last thing before I get to the food.  The service was great for a buffet.  Our server, Robert, was a pleasure to have around and took great care of us even though we just took advantage of the house beverages.  The busing staff was equally pleasant and even chatted/joked around with us.  . . Let me preface the food section with this little bit of info: we spent TWO hours eating.  By the time we left, we had literally tried everything they had to offer.  There were four of us eating dinner, and we did it up family style.  This wasn't a problem, since everything is single serve.  Instead of shoveling a spoon full of pasta on your plate, there is a nicely bowled serving of it waiting for you under the buffet glass.  This let us each take something we were interested in back to the table and pass it around until each of us had a sample.  The layout of the buffet also assisted us in pacing our meal.  We were surprised to see a starter/charcuterie section, let alone one that had great fresh cuts of meat, just the right sized bruschetta, and a bevy of other palette cleansing single bite h'orderves.  The desert section was another surprise with about a dozen flavors of gelato and a bunch of beautifully plated deserts ranging from gelatin and custard shooter to traditional fare like cheesecake and cookies.  I could continue on to all the entrees and sides, but I doubt you really want the entire menu in my review (it's already long enough).  I've broken it down in to the highlights and the misses below, everything else fell somewhere in between and more often than not was quite good.  I'm also sure there are things I'm forgetting since we spent so much time in Wicked Spoon, but the point is, it was well worth the two hours we sat and ate.   . . Food highlights: the Country Style Bacon, the desert shooters, just about everything from the starter/charcuterie section, and (surprisingly) the tostada el pastor.  Misses: fish and chips, mac and cheese, and most of the Asian section.
On a recent visit I signed up for the comp card membership and won a free meal here, so I did brunch.. . WOW.. . By far the best buffet on the strip.. . After being let down by the Flamingo's version of a buffet (that review to follow), I wasn't expecting much coming here  - despite the casino's nice art deco touch.. . Variety is the theme here - too much to choose from so I went with pork ribs braised with Kim Chee bbq sauce and orange chicken, chicken provencal, fresh string beans and "Wicked Chicken" (chicken wings served in a small basket).  Ended with fresh fruit, brie, and fresh thinly sliced salami (can't remember the name of it).  Didn't get a chance to have a mimosa but was very satified with what I did try. I didn't even bother checking out the dessert section (although I did see some one with chocolate covered strawberries).  . . The cost for brunch is $29 and I think it's well worth the price.. . Will definitely come back on my next vist to Vegas- especially to check out their happy hour.
I'd been hearing and reading about this place for a while now. It was the only place I had to eat on my last visit to Vegas. Of course it ended up being our last meal and boy did I stuff my face good. It was Sunday brunch. We met up with friends and they got here like a half an hour before us so they did all that waiting and boring stuff. When we got there, we got to wait shorter in the "invited guests line" since we didn't need to be seated - we just had to pay. Nice. Except they charged us gratuity (an extra like $4) because we had a large party (9 of us). Service wasn't even great - had to flag someone down multiple times to take our empty plates and to get refills on drinks. Whatevs. I should've did a walk-through before I started loading up my plate but I was starving. So many choices. Even if I wanted to try a bite of everything, I couldn't -it's just so much. And everything looked delish. There was an omelet bar that I skipped over. And no salad or cold food for me. I stuck mostly to the hot, hard to prepare foods. Well except for the smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail. I only got two plates but still wasted some of the food on the second plate. Tried to hide it the best I could. My favorite was probably the thick slabs of bacon at the carving station as well as the little pots of individual pasta. Mmm. Though I should've saved room for dessert. I really just wanted to put everything on my plate. I think I ended up with the cheesecake and the chocolate covered strawberries. Oh and the gelato - balsamic strawberry. Can you tell I love anything strawberry? Haha. Not bad for just $35. I wanna come back for dinner one day soon.
Before coming in to this Buffet, I have starved myself all day long till 5pm, wishing I could eat the most out of that $35. Lined up around 5 and seated right away because it was still early. We were greeted by a wine bottle ($20 extra) and a glass bottle water on the table. Very classy but why should I pay $20 more for a cheap wine that I could get for $8 or cheaper. They made the buffet look soo much cleaner with individual portion set up so other people would be digging through every piece of thing in whatever it was. . . So the food...... . Meat was tender and juicy? YES! . Mexican Hard Tacos? YES!. Pasta? YES!. Fresh Tasting seafood? YES! yum. Salads? YES!. Fruits? YES!!. Sushi? MEEEH - there were only 3 selection and it look quite lonely over there. . DESSERT? YES YES YES!!!.   Sorry But I need to add on to dessert, . - CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES? YES!!!!. . . All in all, it was a very delicious night for me and my partner in crime. We went for more than five rounds and didn't want to stop. But if we dont, we will end up having our server calling 911 for us for over eating. Thanks to wicked spoon, I have added on a few pounds before I leave Vegas, but I would come back for this Buffet if I am in town again.
Fantastic place to end a drunken weekend in Vegas and be a fatty. In style. . . This buffet is probably one of the best quality that also offers the biggest diversity of foods. Good thing I have a bottomless stomach, and am the "trash-compactor" of my friends =).. . They offer everything from fruits, to breakfast, brunch, pizzas, pastas, meats, hearty American, Asian, sushi, and omg the desserts desserts desserts. They were all absolutely gorgeous and new ones were coming out all the time I could barely keep up with trying all of them. . . Highlights: The brunch foods were quite good, and there was this yogurt/granola/fruit parfait that I really liked too. The Asian food was probably the biggest disappointment. The pizza was a good quality thin crust. And the pastas were pretty good too. For desserts, a lot of the smaller cake-like pastries are similar and not the best/ worth trying. But the cake lollipops were fantastic, and the ice cream bar a great way to end the meal. . . We were all stuffed at the end of our 4 hour food extravaganza and loving it.
SCRUMPTIOUS!! The potato gratin with white truffle was to die for. I love the idea of little spoons to place the food in.  I didnt get too full too fast whichis what usually happens to me at buffets.  The desert actually disappointed me=( i dont like my choco covered strawberries drizzled in nuts  However the choco covered marshmellows were delish!
They have everything!! A group of 4 of us went here and we all came back to the table with different things. They have breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert and all the in-betweens. Each thing is individually portioned out with the cutest little containers and each thing on our plates was super good. It is a little pricey, $30/plate, $38 with all you can drink but if you're hungry/thirsty, its worth it. This is a gormet buffet if I've ever had one...
WOW. That is all I can say!. . Never have I been to a buffet that has such a wide selection of all kinds of delicious food. From Asian cuisine, European, to Soul food, this buffet has everything! They have an omelet bar, so you can request the chef to create your own. I also love that Wicked Spoon serves dishes in certain portions so that you won't over stuff yourself. Not only will you save a ton of calories like this, but this will give you a chance to try out everything this buffet has to offer!. . I will admit that this was my first buffet in Vegas lol. However, I was pretty bummed that I didn't get to try everything out. Some of the dishes that were to die for were: the ribs, mac-n-cheese, and pasta dishes. I loved that the ribs were very smokeyand the meat was very moist. The mac-n-cheese was probably the creamiest mac-n-cheese I've ever tried (even better than Roscoes!), and the pasta dishes were very unique in their own ways. I also loved their desserts, especially their cheesecake! But one thing that sucked was that they didn't have a huge selection. However, definitely do not try out their Asian cuisine though. I may be biased because I'm Asian, but their vegetarian fried rice was very salty!
My bf and I really enjoyed this buffet. Our favorite has been the Wynn but after trying out the Wicked Spoon, we both agreed that we now have two favorites! The presentation of the food at this buffet is so unique and fun... Some serving sizes are already prepared for you- each one in its own little pot or Asian carry-out box etc.. . I've been to a few Las Vegas buffets and all of them are terrible at doing Asian food. It's always cooked strangely or lacking flavor. This is not the case at Wicked Spoon. All of their Asian food tasted great. They had fried rice and a couple different chicken and pork dishes that I loved. They also have Sriracha and anyone who loves spicy will appreciate that. The only Asian food I didn't care for here was their sushi. Too small with barely any fish/crab in the rolls.. . Their dessert section.... So many different sweets for you to try. I particularly enjoyed the apple pie with a scoop of vanilla gelato on top and their chocolate strawberries. If you're at the City Center, I would highly recommend this buffet over Aria's.. . My only complaint would be that we arrived around 9pm (they closed at 10) and we noticed that many dishes were gone but they were not refilling them. We knew because there were still place cardsout with the names of other dishes not on display anymore. Some of them sounded intriguing and we wished we'd been able to try them! This would not stop me from coming back here though, next time we'll just get there earlier.
Best buffet i've ever been to. Expensive, but you definitely get your money's worth. Loved the mac n cheese, the bacon and sausage, the desserts. Great service. Bring an appetite!
Great service, Tony (from Hawaii) was our waiter and he and the other staff members are great! Our Champagne and Mimosas never ran out! . Brunch:. Food- Very Good, great variety. French Toast was big and good, the carving station with the thick bacon was great. some food items came in these cute boxes so it kept. everything separated, . . Overall, very much enjoyed and will be going back
Easily the BEST buffet I have ever had!!!. . They have a variety of dishes from different cultures. The food is fresh and delicious. The most impressive thing is they split most dishes into smaller containers which is really cute. It's a little incovenient at the beginning because I had a hard time to fit 3 or 4 small tins and pots on my plate. However I feel likethese are specially made for me and I enjoy it a lot.. . It's a little pricy but well worth the money. We will be back!
Not your every day buffet. Found this placing cruising with friends throug the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the Vegas strip. Ambience was up scale. modern, relaxed-chic ( like the rest of the hotel)....Weren't sure it was for us untl Hannah, the articulate and bright hostess, offered to take us on a personal guided tour. Her knowledge of the menu, ingrediants and her enthusuatic presentation was impressive. We dicided to give it a try and Hannah escorted us to the front of the check-in line and seated us at one of the best tables in the house ( I'm in corporate sales so I really appreciate a place that tries hard to win me over ) We were not disappointed . All portions are petit, served in either 3" diameter mini pots, or on small plates. Dishes are nicely organized into salad/appetizer section, sides section, entre sections, and desert section. Favorite salads included heirloom tomoato and crumbled bacon, artichoke and crab, and grilled pear on goast cheese and pesto (...to die for). Favorite sides include the angry mac and cheese, truffle scallop potatoes, and cream spinach. Favorite enters included veal meatball over pasta, five spice Korean BBQ rib, and grilled BBQ shrimp over of all things...grits! ( not a grit person but this was the tastiest offering in the buffet. Desert section included a gelato bar. The stand our here was the rcommended hot lava chocolate cake topped with a scoop of coffee gelato. Close second was the dark chocolate dipped strawberry with toffee bits. The entire experience was an adventure, and since protions are small, you don't feel bad if one of the dishes is not for you ( for instance, found I am not a lover of bone marrow ). I highly rcommend the Wicked Spoon the next time you are on the strip but want to get off the beaten path.
*4.5 stars out of 5*. . Three things Vegas is synonymous with: Gambling, Clubbing, and Buffets.  Cosmopolitan's Wicket Spoon is a great example of what a legitimate high-end buffet should be like.  Once you walk through the maze-like route just to find the buffet (though the hotel is beautiful and worth the walk), your eyes fall upon some simple back-lit display of the buffet's name.  While a bit pricey if your table is 6 or more (18% gratuity added to each person, thus bringing dinner to $44 after tax/tip), overall I felt Wicked Spoon is worth the price of admission at least once if not a few times.  I wouldn't give it 5 stars only because it was missing some of the foods that I personally like. . . I've had the share of "nice" and many not-so-nice buffets, and Wicked Spoon would rank in top 3 of my buffets in terms of selection of all types of fine cuisine, tastiness of several dishes that I tried (not everything is great...esp that soba noodle dish, don't get it), and their dessert bar is amazingggg.  Another nice touch is that rather than have your server bring glasses of water from a unmarked pitcher of tap water, Wicked Spoon goes the extra mile to provide ornate "bottled" glass pitchers of water at each table that tastes pretty good for water lol Whether this is actually a placebo effect and my mind is easily amused by bottled-glass-water, it's the experience that matters! . .  The waiters/waitresses realllly earn their tips as they are very quick about clearing your table of empty dishes; the dishes they use are high quality, HEAVY ceramic ones too....so I felt bad that ours had to clear our table of 10's dishes over and over again.  She get's an A for great service, especially at a buffet where her focus wasn't just our table but the 6+ tables around us.. . Food-wise, Wicket Spoon has the typical potpourri of carvery meats, seafood options, asian-themed foods (i really can't recommend asian foods @ non-asian restaurants, it never tastes "right"), and then of course a sumptuous dessert bar.  The presentation of many of their dishes exhibits extra flair compared to all other buffets; rather than typical presentations on smaller dishes or even just "get your own" from within a larger bowl, Wicked Spoon serves their entrees on small, metal pot-like devices.  It's not very space efficient on your plate, but it allows each serving to taste more consistent and most likely better than if you were to grab your own serving size from a larger mass.  . . Please save room for dessert as their gelato bar is as good as any other gelato bar that you have to normally pay-per-scoop! The have 18 flavors and I could only cram 6 different varieties into my stomach before I felt like exploding.  In addition, there's an assortment of "Godiva-like" creations such as dark chocolate + crunch dipped strawberrys, Godiva-cakes on-a-stick, cheesecakes, and many other pastries that looked delectable but not physically affordable in my stomach :(   . . Another thing, I was hungover while eating @ Wicked Spoon and it still tasted good and I was still able to eat a good amount!  That means if once prepares for the "experience" of a buffet (i.e. starving themselves beforehand), this could be potentially a fantastic gluttonous experience!!
I wish I could go there everyday !!! I wish I had an extra tummy ! :) And I wish we had something like this place over here that I could go everyday! :)
Best buffet I've ever been to in my life? No. One of the best in Vegas? For sure. Wicked Spoon offers a nice variety of options and has some cute touches that distinguish it from other buffets. I like that many of the offerings come in already proportioned serving sizes like shrimp cocktails or ceviches in shot glasses, mac and cheese or shrimp and grits in metal ramekins or edamame or noodles in chinese take out boxes. Some of the favorite dishes at our table was the mac and cheese (with a hint of spicyness), a corn risotto, and the shrimp and grits (the grits were pretty boring but the shrimp was good). They had a to order shrimp, mussels, clams, station. I tried it out but found it not too appealing and admittedly only had two of the mussels before passing on that plate. To speak to the variety offered in this place I was impressed when my friend returned to the table with a huge thing of bone marrow. Seriously, bone marrow, in a buffet? Variety. The dessert bar was fun as well. They have a gelato counter with a good selection of flavors. I found the gelato a little bit icy in texture but I've definitely had worse and I thought some of the flavors still turned out quite good. I enjoyed the PB & J and Salted Peanut Caramel the most.
Nice atmosphere, but miles away it seems, nestled deep in the Cosmo. Beautiful chandeliers and comfortable tables. Service for drinks was slow, but plate removal fast. The spread was good, but not as good as I was expecting. Still enough to fill me up and be pleased. We thought the brunch price was a great value.
We arrived shortly after they opened on a Wed night (~5:30pm) and there was no wait for a table.  I noticed most of the other patrons were similar to us (ie, travelling w/ a child/ren). . . We paced ourselves and spent the next two hours sampling as much of WS as we could handle.  I wonder why people complain about lack of sushi options, when clearly most of Vegas buffets are NOT sushi buffets (why would you go into the middle of the desert for seafood?).  There were a couple generic rolls here but not anything to write home about.. . I loved the presentation and individual servings.  The options seemed very well thought out.  On this particular night, a few of the things I enjoyed were:. . -crostini w/ goat cheese, pesto and roasted peach. -corn on the cob w/ spiced mayo & cotija cheese. -individual serving of fish & chips. -made to order mussels w/ garlic butter & white wine (there were a few different flavor options on how you could have your clams, mussels & shrimp prepared). - gelato: i tried and liked the biscotti and salted caramel peanut butter flavors. -five spice braised short ribs. -bone marrow (bland, but easily jazzed up w/ the red onion jam & chimichuri sauce). . My husband feasted on a few portions of prime rib.  The kid was free (she's 4 yrs old).  We definitely got our money's worth.  . . if you're seeking out a buffet in vegas, this is definitely a prime choice.  We went to Aria's buffet the next night and it felt like a cafeteria after our experience here.
Came here for brunch twice the last time I was in Vegas. I heard a lot of good things about Wicked Spoon, and this buffet met my expectations! In general, the quality of the food is a lot better than those at other buffets.. . Brunch Monday-Friday is $22 w/ a complimentary glass of bloody mary, mimosa, or champagne. Brunch on Saturday-Sunday is $29, and $37 w/ unlimited bloody mary, mimosa, and champagne. I also noticed they offer takeout for $20.. . While the selection isn't huge for brunch, there's still enough variety of food to get full off of. Some of the highlights for me were the Eggs Benedict (ham or bacon, depending on the day), Grilled Salmon, and charcuterie station. Even after days of being back from Vegas, I'm still craving the Eggs Benedict!. . The dessert station is amazing--I couldn't try everything, but the ones I ate tasted good. The pistachio and salted caramel gelatos were yummy! I also really likedthe pecan tart.. . Service isn't very good here when it's crowded. Our waiter only stopped by a couple times to check on us, so I didn't even get any refills on my drinks.. . I will definitely try to go back to Wicked Spoon the next time I'm in Vegas. I would recommend going on weekdays because it's well worth the money and also a lot less crowded. The $29 brunch seemed a bit pricey to me, but I was willing to pay for it given the quality of the food.
I'm giving this place 5 stars for the service. The food, 2 stars!. . Our last night in Vegas, I wanted to try this place in hopes I would be able to bypass my stomach flu. Went for dinner and thought I was feeling fine. After trying some food, the food seemed plain. The only flavorful things I felt were delicious was the fruits, salads, and some desserts. I remember trying the bone marrow, it seemed like they tossed salt and pepper and nothing else on it. My bf and I ended up tossing that away. Very disappointed. Most of the food seemed greasy and plain, where it made my stomach flu worse quickly and I was stuck eating healthy stuff at the buffet. . . Our server was amazing though and kept checking up on me and got me a ginger ale. She foresaw that I needed the ale and came out quickly with it. She even kept me company while my bf went to grab food. She reminded me of my mom taking care of me when I was sick. Two thumbs up to the service!. . I'll give this place a second try in hopes that they've improved with all the yelpers commenting about how mediocre the food is.
Easily our favorite buffet in Vegas. This buffet is quite unique because some items are already portioned into adorable mini pots and pans. This helped move the line quickly and stopped you for piling glutinous heaps of everything only to find you don't like it or can't finish it. Of course, if you want more, you can get more but we found d the portioned servings to be helpful; we left without that "Good god why did I do that to myself" feeling. . . The food was great as was the selection. We would pick this over the Bellagio buffet any day. Oh, and did I mention a glass of champagne came with our lunch. They really knew the way to my heart.
Looong wait time to get seated, very nice decor, huge selection of different ethnic foods,  1 free champagne with ea meal,
Oh my god, this buffet was so good. I wanted to give it five stars however, this great buffet also has some shortcomings. All the Asian food here... The salad and the soba noodles were pretty terrible. All of the vegetables I ate here were either poor quality or poorly cooked.. . Those things aside, non Asian foods here were awesome. The potato and scallops were delicious. The braised beef was yummy. Soup was great. Pastas were great too. Dessert as well was super yummy.. . For the price, this place is a huge winner. The decor is gorgeous and the service was very friendly. Here, it's common to see staff smile. Overall, I can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas.
Great place
My Hubby and I went to the Wicked Spoon this past weekend. The food was really good as well as the price. You must save room for dessert - they were outstanding especially the chocolate bowl with berries inside! The only thing I would like to have seen would have been a salad bar to make your own salad, they had salads already made for you. But overall, good buffet!
Not one for Buffet's as I do not know where people hands have been, but I must say, I was impressed with WS.  Many of the items are not combined with other and rather individual.  The chicken wings in the baby deep fryer basket, gnocchi in baby kettle, prime rib, slab bacon and turkey cut to order, even the omelet station.  I must give props where due and say that this was worth the money
After spending most of my day pool side, I was starving when dinnertime came around. I steered my parents to this buffet after reading reviews and I am happy with the outcome.. . The whole buffet thing isn't usually my choice for dining since I can't eat that much food in one sitting. Okay, if it were cupcakes it'd be a whole different story but we're talking food here. . . I literally dove in and stuffed my face in the first 10 minutes. The selections looked pretty good. I was happy to see choices that wouldn't normally be at a buffet. I immediately grabbed some watermelon gazpacho, shrimp ceviche and spaghetti with veal meatballs, yum! That first plate would have been just fine for me but since this was a buffet I went back to grab another plateful of food. Lastly, I attacked the dessert section. Oh such wonderful pretty desserts and not just an ice cream dispenser or store bought plain chocolate cake. For example, there was gelato! I had some delicious cups of heaven with all sorts of chocolate, creams and jelly? Now if there were only cupcakes, I'd be won over for sure.. . This is definitely a step up from the usual buffets I've been to, even though I haven't been to many. Also, theprice is fair, $39 for dinner I believe. Good place, I would recommend it.
Came here for dinner and it was DELICIOUS. There aren't as many choices as the Wynn buffet but the quality is absolutely amazing. Each dish is made well and the flavors are unbelievable. I love how some dishes are separated out into individual servings to portion better and not allowing food to mix. The seafood saute station was freaking amazing. Not sure if they have this during the day but it was SO good. Definitely work waiting in line. I also recommend saving the sauce so that you can dip other seafood in there like the crab legs. So good. I think I had at least 5 plates of food. Wish there was a bigger sushi/Asian section. The rolls were meh and only two kinds of nigiri.
I find Wicked Spoon to be a very stylish buffet at a very chic casino (The Cosmopolitan).  Be warned, it is quite pricey and definitely not casual fare.  If you have a giant appetite and want giant portions to match, you may want to try something less expensive.  But if you aren't put off by smaller portions and appreciate the the ability to sample more exotic selections, then you will love Wicked Spoon!  . . The food itself is very good, and as someone who leans towards eating more vegetables and grains, I think there is a bigger selection of healthy fare here that may make you more mindful of what you eat.  How many buffets have that distinction?  My absolute favorite part is the dessert area, and I highly recommend the gelatos.  The  flavors are really unique (PB&J, Almond Joy, etc.) and absolutely delicious.
I went there for a lunch on a Sunday.. . We didn't opt for the all-you-can-drink because we're in Vegas, we already had a lot.. . I enjoyed the buffet, but I feel like you're more likely to like it if you're a carnivore/ non-vegetarian/ non pescatarian.. . I love meat.. there was prime rib, turkey, asian short-ribs, pork belly buns... meat made a lot of different ways.  They also had some sushi, pizza, angry mac and cheese, smoked salmon and various type of salads. I just felt there could've been a little bit more variety for a lunch buffet, like even more offerings on the salad side.. . They had a really good dessert bar with chocolate covered strawberries, various baked goods and a gelato bar.. . Very solid lunch buffet!
Great portions and decent Vegas pricing.  I thought the corn was great and the variety of options even better.  The line was a lil long but nothing too crazy.  The food seemed fresh enough for a buffet and the small plate concept was a refreshing take.  I will definitely consider round two when I return to Vegas.
One of the greatest buffets in Vegas I've had.  I like how most of their dishes are already in individual serving sizes so you can just take one and share it with the rest of your party.  We basically got to try almost everything this way by splitting those small dishes between the 6 of us.  It's an expensive buffet but in my opinion worth it.  . . Herewere some of my favorites:. . Carved Lamb with that red onion sauce!  (5 stars!!). Creamed Spinach. Fish n Chips. Gnocchi. Prime Rib Panini. Risotto . . The asian section wasn't very good and the sushi didn't look fresh so I stayed away from it.  All the items in the Chinese selection were too salty.. . Just minused a star for their desserts.  All the small desserts they have in their display cases weren't very good, and some of them even kind of gross.  We tried all of them and the only ones I liked were the Strawberry-Vanilla Bavarois and the Tiramisu (small one in chocolate cup not the cake).  Oh and stay away from the Mango Parfait!  That was ew.  Of the other desserts I really enjoyed the Strawberry Shortcake, the macaroon, and of the gelato flavors, my favorite was the biscotti.  . . One of the ladies we were talking to in line told us to stay away from the Chocolate Covered Strawberries too.  She said they taste like wax lol.  . . Overall, I think this is among the top buffets in Vegas.  Wish it wasn't so expensive but they have a great selection with good quality food.  I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas! Yes, it's around $35 for dinner ($44 if you come with a large group and added gratuity) and yes, there is a long wait, but it's amaaaaaazing.. . This buffet is more creative than any of the other ones on its level. It seems to cater more toward foodies and people who appreciate well-prepared and innovative food, than to your standard AYCE buffer-goers.. . From the other reviews, it seems like the menu changes often, too. I was sad they didn't have the mac and cheese buffet, fried chicken, or more types of seafood. . . The buffet offered:. . - sushi and made-to-order hand rolls (Sushi was just ok). -"Angry" Mac and Cheese. - bone marrow. - prime rib. - ceviche (too spicy and everything was chopped up too small). - crab legs. - tomato and corn risotto. - lasagna. - truffled scalloped potatoes. - gnocchi. - goat cheese and grilled peach bruschetta (among other kinds). - lamb ribs. . The dessert section was one of the best I'd ever seen, including gelato (try the Almond Joy or salted caramel peanut!), fudge, chocolate-dipped strawberries with toffee, macarons, fudge, cake pops, and everything else you can think of.. . Everything is served in cute sample-size plates, mini pots, or baking dishes. . . The staff was extremely friendly, pulling out our chairs for us and picking up plates for us. I can't wait to go back, probably for brunch.
What's unique about Wicked Spoon compared to all other buffets is that they are already pre-plated single servings. You can grab a small basket of chicken, a small plate of salad, a plate of red velvet pancakes with a side of cream cheese syrup...without using serving spoons/tongs/other utensils. They have a nice variety of food. The desserts are pretty especially the macarons...but they're not all as yummy as they look which is the only flaw this place has.
Refreshing from all the typical Vegas buffets! Love that items are pre-proportioned for people! The mac n cheese and omelette bar are magic! Then the dessert treats especially the gelato is beyond good! Plus, the service is good. The servers were very attentive and caring to our needs. They didnt look like they hate tourists!
I like that the food comes in little metal pots... it tricks me into thinking the food is warmer, and more comforting.  . . There's a slight kick to some of the dishes too, so their food isn't just standard bland... it has a little different spin.  . . I'm a pork-lover, and they had plenty of pork options that night so it was win-win for me.. . They had crab legs on a Saturday, but the crab meat was scarce, they were skinny little legs.. not much to eat there.  . . And they were slightly slow to re-stock compared to other buffets.. If people are wiping out your food, why not just replace it with piping hot new food right away?  . . Everyone talks about chocolate covered strawberries, something so simple but always delicious.
I would give this buffet a solid 3.5 to 3.75 stars, so I will round up.  As many of the other yelpers commented, I also loved the small servings.  The cute little metal pots looked like something you would use to heat beans when camping.  The individual portions were enough for two to share in many cases.  I really enjoyed the "angry" mac & cheese, cheese sampler plate, french onion pizza, pork shoulder and the desserts.  I also loved the bottled water on the table that was included in the price!  It was great tasting water, even if they just fill up the bottles with filtered water or something.... . My main focus for coming was the crab legs, but I was underwhelmed by them.  They come pre-split in half for easy-eating.  It was awesome that you didn't have to open them yourself...but by cutting them in half they dried out and were not as fresh tasting.  I ate there on a Tuesday night.  By the taste, I would guess they were split in half on Monday and we got the leftover...  Who knows for sure.  I wasn't into them at all...  Maybe on a weekend they would taste better?!. . Our "server", who was basically a buser, was nice but slammed.  We got there an hour before closing and by the time we got sat we only had 40 minutes.  Our server never pulled a single plate from our table.  Once the table next to us left, we just started moving the plates over there.  Pretty annoying!!  But oh well.... . Overall we did enjoy most of the food we tired.  The food here is far more interesting than normal buffet food.
Bestbuffet in Vegas!! We came around 6pm and there wasn't a line at all! There are so many options here - not like a lot of the other buffets in Vegas - and I've been to 5/6. Everything comes in small portioned plates/cups so it's also a great way to limit yourself so you can try a lot of different things.. . Some stand out options: um bone marrow!?!? whattt?? I've never seen a buffet offer bone marrow! It wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it, but I wasn't complaining. The shrimp and grits, mussels, bruschetta, roasted cauliflower and truffle potatoes were all very very delicious. I wasn't a fan of the gazpacho or risotto though. The gazpacho tasted a bit off and the risotto was a little hard.. . Desserts = the biggest chocolate covered strawberries you have ever seen! The presentation of the desserts are all very adorable! Probably the best buffet I've been to ever. Definitely make a trip to Wicked Spoon if you're in Vegas!!
Unlike my experience with another Vegas buffet, I thoroughly enjoyed Wicked Spoon. (and cheaper, too!). . Came in for a weekday lunch, and I was pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  The presentation of all the little pots for the food was a nice touch.  I liked that you get your own little portion. . . Service was good, and the lunch came with either a mimosa or a bloody mary, nice!  . . The asian section was good, especially the fried rice with chinese sausage, yum.  Galbi was a little salty, but other than that, no complaints.  I also loved the carving station, where they had succulent bacon/pork belly, and the skirt steak, which was nice and juicy.  Even their sausage was really good.. . I'm not ashamed to admit I ate plates and plates of all the wonderous fatty food... I love some good buffet!  And the dessert station was great!  That is a huge compliment from me.  Their gelato choices were impressive, and they had molten chocolate cake that was delish!  Definitely would come back here for the prerequisite Vegas buffet experience.  Recommend!!
Impressive buffet, and I'm not generally a huge fan of vegas buffets because you pay top dollar, for essentially mediocre food.  . . Tons of choices, mostly standard buffet fare with some special concoctions throw into the mix. I ate rather well, and would definitely come back. . . Of all the vegas buffets I've had, I thoroughly, and I meant thoroughly enjoyed the desserts here the most. Unfortunately, most of the time, desserts are just made to look pretty, lacking in real dessert POW. Well, I definitely got my sugar/fat fix in a very thumbs up way.
Me and my wife wanted to see what all the hype was about so we went at 5pm on a Sunday. It actually doesn't open for dinner until 5pm daily and there was no line and was not busy at all, however not sure how Friday and Saturdays are.. . Food was excellent and presentation was very unique. Most of dishes are served in mini dishes to proportion them out which is a unique idea. There was wine at the table ($20 extra if you want) and a bottle of water that is filtered on site. So when you want more water, pour yourself. The only buffet that I've been to that served bone marrow....but it was good...lol. It was just an overall excellent experience. I will have to say this is by far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, with the Wynn and M Resort buffets sitting at second. Although at $35/person ( a little pricey), I believe Friday and Saturday is a little more, you need to at least experience this once and you may not even think about the price afterwards.
I'm almost embarrassed to say how many Vegas buffets I've eaten at.................but I have to say, without a doubt Wicked Spoon is my favorite. The atmosphere and food selection are both top notch, even by Vegas' buffet standards.You will probably have to wait, especially if you are there during a busy weekend dinner, but trust me it's worth it. Plus...time spent standing in line will help to burn some calories so you can indulge even more when you get in...or...at least that's what I tell myself.... . Definitely don't miss the carving station. The prime rib and leg of lamb in particular are tender and flavorful. Also definitely try the bone marrow (you'll see it by the carving station, trust me!). Delicious fatty meaty goodness. As far as sides go, make sure to try the truffle scallop potatoes and spicy corn risotto.. . With all the delicious food in unlimited quantities, it might be difficult to save room for dessert...but RESTRAIN YOURSELF!!! You need to try some of these desserts. My advice? Skip all the little cups of stuff (like mousse cones and mini tiramisus) and get a chocolate lava cake with a scoop or two of gelato (caramel is my top choice).. . Your tummy might be a little rounder by the time you finish, but it's definitely worth the trip. That's what Vegas is all about anyways, right?
WOW.  The wait to get in can be a little long, but it's worth it.  By far, the best buffet I have ever experienced. . . Atmosphere - high end.  Water poured out of a glass bottle.  Wine on the table (and also displayed for you to choose from, taste, half glass, full glass, bottle).  Waiters that suggest their favorite dish.  Very modern and clean look to the decor.. . Food - includes crab (already cut in half so you can skip the hassle of cracking legs and getting all messy) platters of cheese. fresh fruit. salad bar. mac and cheese. shrimp and grits. many dishes coming in little skillets or platters for easy portion control. . . Dessert - the biggest array of dessert I have ever seen at a buffet.  French macaroons. cheese cake. gelato for crying out loud! . . By far, the best buffet I've ever had and well worth the cost.
Definitely worth the money you pay for. And you get one mimosa/champagne/bloody mary included? Nice. What I loved about this buffet is the variety. Many different stations with food that you normally wouldn't find (not just your regular mashed potatoes and roast beef kind of place). I also loved the presentation of each dish- some in little pots, others on little plates. The portions served were just enough for you to try it once or keep going back for more. Their dessert section was also very impressive and exceptionally tasty!. . Can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again :)
After checking out reveiws on which buffets to go to during our trip to Vegas, Wicked Spoon came out #1 to try.  I was excited in trying this place out as it has such good reviews and the pictures uploaded by people look really good.  . Wicked Sppon is at the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor and really far to get to but well worth the walk.  . I was surprised that we didn't have to wait when we got there around 6:15pm as many of the other reviews said there would be a long wait.  I think it was around 6:45pm that we notice that a line was starting to form. . . I couldn't believe all the dishes I tried were really good.  This buffet is not your usual typical buffet you get in Vegas, they have different and unusal offerings like marrow, shrimp with girts (which was amazing) as the grits tasted like risotto and the flavors were so intense and flavorful.  This dish was so good I had to get another serving of it. . Another stand out was the pork belly slider and the shrimp Cirviche.  . . There are so many different stations and a bit overwhelming at first but I loved it.  I was like a kid in a candy store.  The fact that most of the food was served in individual sized dishes is a plus.  . . The only thing that was a bit disappointing was their desserts.  There were a lot of different desserts but many of them just didn't taste as good as they looked.  I think the best desserts I tried was the chocolate covered strawberries coated with toffee pieces and the molten lava chocolate cake.  I really wanted to like the desser ts as I'm a big dessert person but was left disappointed whcih is why I didn't give this buffet 5 stars.  Also another reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because service was hit and miss.  . . I definitely recommend eating at Wicked Spoon out of all the other buffet places in Vegas.  It's worth paying a bit more to get good quality and variety of food.
I heard so many good things about this place that I just had to come and try it out last weekend.. . The buffet is upstairs from the main valet entrance of the Cosmopolitan, down a long hallway. The venue is beautiful and absolutely love the layout.. . The lines get. LONG. I'm talking 1 hour+ LONG. Varied sections from breakfast, Mexican, Asian, Omelette Bars, Sushi and dessert make for a great experience. I love the small pans & cups that portion the food for you.. . Overall, I would come on a weekday or early on the weekends to get through the madness of after-clubbing, crazed kids.. . Also, check in on foursquare to get speed check-in!
The selection wasn't all that I expected but some of the foods were good. I had read reviews about the mac n cheese bar, so I picked this place specifically for that, only to be let down and told that they put in something else. WOMP. I like how they portion out everything. It's so cute! They had little fish and fries in this mini fry basket. I thought it was neat. The angry mac n cheese they had was good, and so were their mashed potatoes. The roast beef was slightly dry and no one at my table was a big fan of the bone marrow, although I liked it. I don't know if it was me or what, but the only thing I didn't like aside from the initial let down was the lighting, a little too dim for my likings at a buffet.
Whoo hoo! A buffet that serves BONE MARROW?! What the truck!? I don't even care much for buffets but that is the only reason why I wanted to go here. The heffer in me made that decision. I was sorry because of the indigestion I got from eating too much bone marrow, but I wasn't sorry because it was delicious! I would do it again! . Price isn't too bad considering what they have, the place was clean, and there was a lot to choose from. FYI - bone marrow is only available during dinner - so go then!
Best Buffet in Las Vegas. Period. . . My only dislike about this place is the lack of good seafood choices. The sushi was pretty fresh. The clams/mussels/shrimp bar is a neat and delicious idea. The trout salad, salty fishy crostini, and seared salmon were alright. But the crab left something to be desired. I'm a huge crab-bie!!  . . All that aside, everything else was pretty darn good for buffet food. Tomato/ Corn Risotto. Angry Mac n' Cheese. Lamb. Carnitas. Ginger chicken. Gnocchi. Cheese plates. Pork belly sliders were nom nom.  . . The highlights for me were : crispy pork ears, grilled peaches and goat cheese crostini, and bone marrow. . . Crispy pork ears were so crunchy and salty, can be added to some dishes like the Mac N Cheese or Kimchi Fried Rice to blast the flavors. Grilled peaches were delectable and light. All-you-can-eat bone marrow?! Even though it wasnt the best I've had, it was still legitimate bone marrow. Damn. I want more! . . All the beautiful plating they did for their dishes definitely gave some of their food a playful and unique dimension from other places. Their service was great too. Cleaned and refilled drinks like ninjas! Friday night lines weren't unbearable. . . All that aside .... . Their dessert had a shortcoming for me. Their Gelato bar was incredible with the amount of flavors they had (Thai Ice Tea and Almond Joy being my recommendations), but their cupped desserts just did not do it for me. What balanced out the disappointment was their homemade marshmallow. It had a delicious fluffiness all 'mallows should have with a hint of mango; As well as their chocolate covered strawberries crusted with toffee pieces. Other than that. The dessert was nehh.. . Overall. This place is definitely one of those ones I want to come back to. Don't go in over-hyped by everyone's reviews. Go in with an open heart and empty stomach and you'll enjoy many of their dishes. I've been to the M and Bellagio and Rio ... and I must say, (if they had better seafood .. Oysters like M, or Lobster like Rio) this may be my most favorite buffet ever
Great buffet.  Nearly everything is pre-portioned, they have a great selection, from fruit , to sushi, all the way down to desserts, there's no doubt you'll find something to satisfy you.. . The only downside - I found a hair in my fried chicken. (Which explains the 4 stars, otherwise, I would've given 5). . But other than that, the food tastes and looks delicious, which I feel is rare, especially for a buffet.
Highly recommended to me as the "new" "best" "better than wynn" buffet on The Strip, my girlfriends and I were pretty excited to check out this buffet in the Cosmopolitan. The first try was a fail, since we arrived after the 3:30pm closing time. On second try, we arrived around 2pm, thinking perhaps we had missed the lunch rush....quiet hallways leading down to the buffet......no line to the cashier....and STOP. . . The line of people waiting to be seated looked comparably long to the one at the Wynn we saw the day before. However, this line didn't move as fast, if even perceptibly at all. By the time we got seated nearly 45 min, we were starved, and thirsty!  The extra $8 for unlimited champagne was worth it, although refills didn't happen at exactly the speed I'm used to at NYC brunches. So was the $40 price tag worth it? ($30 + alcohol + tax). . Yup.. . The small plate style of many of the food options made the buffet less trough-like, and although we caught the tail end of brunch, everything was still fresh and hot. I avoided the token asian dishes (lo mein, fried rice, kung pao chicken), and focused on the real food - boiled egg with avocado and bacon vinaigrette, omelet bar, sashimi, lamb chops, steamed clams.....i could go on, but basically this was the classiest buffet I'd seen. . . The desserts were my favorite - there were actually lactose/gluten free options!  I had a choice of several sorbets, as well as a house-made marshmallow served in a dark chocolate cone. . . Great service (we never felt rushed out), and nice spacious table set ups in addition to the non-buffet like food really made this a great dining experience.
After a long hot day, we decided the eat here, the line was long but it moved fast. We got seated quickly and then I went on to my search for crab legs. I love how they cut the legs in half so I don't actually have to work for my meat. It was yummy! I loved it. I didn't really eat much of anything else, but i do love their mash potatoes there, the ribs were a bit on the dry side for me. Eventually I skipped to dessert and by that point i was pretty full of the crab legs already. I grabbed some gelato and this tiramisu thing and I loved it. Most of their dessert had chocolate in it which sucks for me since I don't like eating chocolate (i know, weird right cause i'm a girl) but overall it was a great experience. I'd definitely go again.
So good that we had to come back 2 days in a row.  True testament to how awesome this buffet place is.  It really does stand out from other buffets on the strip, which is a herculean task since Vegas is THE mecca of buffets and since everything in Vegas is so over the top extra, just like this sentence.. . Food: Most of it was good, some not so much.  But you're at a buffet - if you don't like it, keep it moving, there's more food around the corner. . . Notable mentions and nods to the following: . . -Yogurt parfait with blueberries and walnut granola crumble: easy to pass this one by and you would think, why would you fill up on this but I'm glad I did. . . - Angry Mac & Cheese: angry because this mac & cheese has got both bark and bite.  They use sharp cheddar (yum) so you definitely get a kick of flavor unlike most mac & cheese served anywhere else which is boring, lacking flavor and suffocating in cream.  The best mac & cheese I've had.  Nothing else is needed to make this dish better.. . -Eggs Benedict: filling yet still light enough because they used shaved ham and not canadian bacon.  . . -Coffee: yes, I said coffee.  I was prepared to drink coffee flavored water because I thought they wouldn't pay much thought or attention to their beverages, but they do!  Piping hot, which I could just hug them for, and actually good.  . . -Desserts: the island is mesmerizing and a feast for the eyes.  Don't get too excited though...only some of the desserts are good.  The chocolate covered strawberries dipped in toffee and nuts are serious.  . . Literally, the only bad thing I really can complain about is the gelato.  We tried 2 different flavors and both made me want to gag.  Thinned out gelato that has the consistency and taste of sweet mucous.. . -Complimentary mimosa or bloody marys - the blood mary is mean.  Superstiff drink and generous pour of alcohol in this drink.  Prepared to be lit beyond measure if you actually can finish it. . . Presentation: This is what truly won me over.  Most, not all, of the dishes are in individual portions.  Such thoughtful execution that brings sophistication to a buffet.  . . Service is stellar.  Seriously, how is everyone so cheerful and helpful?  I appreciated this so much because it really is such a nice accent.  And because of this customer service, I felt like I was at a restaurant, not at a buffet. We encountered several different employees here from the register lady to the hostess that seats you to the server who brings you your drinks to the line cooks serving you the meat of your choice.  The service is seamless and smooth.. . Overall, it's a great buffet that indeed offers less variety than other buffets but there's no way you will leave feeling jipped. . . Location: a walk to get to because they tuck this in the far back in the corner on the 2nd floor of Cosmopolitan. . Price: $22+tax  from 8am-3pm
Out of my last few Vegas trips, due to whatever circumstances, I was never able to buffet it. I dreamed of slabs of meat being cut in front of me and drooled over the cute pictures of the little pans from this place. But I was able to end my last really good trip with this buffet. We aimed to come before lunch but with checking out of the Wynn and stuff we came exactly around noon. The line was long and we were hungry but I couldn't wait. After an hour, we were seated, but not even seated because I just set my purse down and busted toward the food. . . I grabbed a plate and started grabbing what stood out. I loved the presentation. It made for cute pictures but after grabbing 4 things, I had no more room on my plate. This place does force you to make multiple trips to get food.. . Stand-outs include the eggs benedict, angry mac and cheese, the CORN, the fried chicken, clams, Korean short ribs, Thai tea gelato, peach cobbler, and probably a few more that I don't remember.. . I think that for the most part, the food was better than normal buffet fare (even if I haven't had the chance to try any LV buffets recently). They stayed pretty well stocked for the lunch rush. Some of the food was just luke warm though. I only saw a real line for the meats and the desserts which made it easy to just grab whatever you wanted without waiting. I liked the long line layout of the food.. . All in all, good stuff. I loved the plating but it also meant that things were pre-proportioned for you so you couldn't just take a little bite just to try something. Its the nature of buffets to waste food but I didn't want to be like that. My eyes are a lot bigger than my stomach so my advice is to split things you want to try with other people, which I didn't realize to it was too late. I was pretty full after my first plate of only 4 things but by the end, I was sharing a plate of dessert with a friend.. . Sorry, my thoughts were pretty scattered, I wanted to touch on a bunch of points. Its a must do!
Love there decor and ambiance of the place.  Pretty pricy but expected since I am at vegas and wanted to try a higher end buffet.  Wait was kind of long but vegas is always crowd on the weekends so expected that too.  . . Love all the small serving sized, since I wanted to try a little bit of everything.  Need to come back for breakfast and lunch, since already tried the dinner buffet.  Looking through all the pictures posted and noticed they have a rotating menu and will be back hopefully to try those out.  Will be coming back to the wicked spoon.
I didn't think anything could top the Bellagio buffet that we visited last year but this did...by a longshot!  We arrived for the weekday brunch at 9:30am on a Wednesday at the end of August and there was no wait for a table or for any of the food.. . The restaurant is beautifully decorated with interesting chandeliers that really make the space.  I preferred this to the many strands of crystals in the main Cosmopolitan hotel and casino areas.. . As others have described in more detail, a lot of the food is served in small containers which is very cute and must also cut down on food wastage which I was glad about!  I don't love buffets generally as it feels too overwhelming but it was nice to be able to take a small portion of each item and try it.  The layout of the food was impressive.  I particularly liked how the fried chicken wings were served in tiny fryer baskets!  And don't forget to try the fried chicken with the chimichurri sauce, it was fantastic!. . There was an omelet bar which was very well-appointed (at the dinner buffet, this is replaced with a seafood bar, apparently).  The small portion of Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict was a lovely alternative to regular Eggs Benedict since I don't eat bacon.  The egg was perfectly poached and the Hollandaise sauce was delicious.. . One thing I was surprised we liked so much was the yogurt parfait (yogurt, honey berries and granola).  It was excellent!  You must try it even though it doesn't seem like the kind of thing you would choose at a buffet!. . The kalbi (Korean short ribs) in the Asian section were a little chewy but the taste was spot on.  The kimchee fried rice and ginger chicken were also excellent.. . And Angry Mac and Cheese...need I say more?!. . And just when we thought we couldn't possibly eat any more, we hit the beautiful display of desserts and gelato!  The chocolate covered strawberries were excellent, not waxy at all as some reviewers have said.  The desserts were beautiful and delicious and the salted peanut caramel gelato was amazing!. . With all that and an included mimosa, we were well and truly stuffed and happy but didn't feel gross as we've felt after most buffets.
My new favorite buffet in Vegas!  Here's the thing, I've kind of burned myself out on buffets, especially after once doing all of the buffets on the Buffet of Buffets in 24 hours once, but my tried and true, hands down best has been The M... until now.  Don't get me wrong, I still think The M is awesome, but Wicked Spoon upped the ante.. . I'd heard the lines can be crazy so I made my husband check in on Foursquare for three days in a row at Cosmopolitan hot spots so that he would have the badge that gets you VIP line access.  No worries there, since we went early... they open at 5pm and we were there at, um, 5:10, there was NO line.  I was surprised since it was Labor Day, but yea for us!  No wait to pay, no wait to be seated and quick access to the AMAZING food.. . I was a little exhausted after the five mile hike to back of the Cosmo property to FIND Wicked Spoon, but luckily sustenance was mine.  What impressed me the most was that the food was presented beautifully AND it was very good.  A lot of times buffet food is just cafeteria food, but I did not get that at all from this one.  . . I liked that they had your staples, prime rib, pork roast, etc at the carving station and crab legs and asian fare, BUT that they also had unusual items as well, like the General Tso pigs feet and I'm still kicking myself for getting too full before I tried the roasted marrow!  The selection is just a huge wow.  But, I noticed some things would run out quickly and I'd miss out... I never got to try the roasted beet salad, which is a favorite of mine.  . . My favorite items were the prime rib (because that is always a fave for me), the build your own mac and cheese bar, the individual cheese plates (LOVE!), and this one strange little chocolate shot dessert thing that I can't describe for the life of me except to say, YUM.  I really enjoyed the "salad/appetizer" section because they had so many little interesting crostinis, cheeses, salads, etc.  I could graze there all night... oh wait, I did.  Oddly, my husband LOVED the dessert bar.  He seriously had three helping and this man does NOT have a sweet tooth.  STRANGE!. . I feel like I missed out on a lot because I just get full too fast!  What I didn't care for was the chocolate lava cake - um, no lava, and the gnocchi I had was okay, but too soft for my taste.  Surprisingly, the angry mac and cheese did not wow me.  The flavor was good, but the one I got was super dry.  Darn it.. . The staff was all very friendly and attentive.  It was $41 per person on Labor Day evening 2012.  I think that is pricey, but we all felt it was an acceptable price to pay to splurge for a buffet of this caliber. I'm guessing we'll be back.. . WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?. ~the food, which I loved, was a little inconsistent - not everything was cooked correctly and that dropped them a half star.. ~removal of used dishes more quickly would be a plus.  We found it odd that they would come by and remove plates, but never took our glasses away when a new one was brought so we had quite a collection of glasses - another minus half star.
it's worth the wait, i promise! i really wish they had promoters for this buffet like they do at the clubs. . . we got 2 free brunches with our room at the cosmo, so we ate here both saturday and sunday. we waited in line for about 45 minutes both days, but DAMN this place is awesome. i love that everything is served in small portions so you can really get a taste of things, without wasting TONS of food. there's lots of breakfast offerings, pizzas, tacos, etc. PLUS an entire section dedicated to asian food and one to desserts. . . highlights:. -PB&J gelato. -eggs benedict. -mashed potatoes. -bottomless mimosas (for an additional charge - worth it)
Where to start...ah, do not wear tight fitting clothes or a belt, this place WILL induce customers to transform from their dignified manner into  greedy little pigs.. . This is a very nice looking buffet with actual space to navigate! No need to be rude and shove your way around to get some grub.  . . I'll start off with my favourite dishes: . . Mac n' Cheese - spicy, creamy, melting goodness . . Fried Pig Ears - I thought this was weird too but they're like little bacon chips.. . Fried Chicken - Not greasy, a nice portion and comes in a cute little fryer container. . Dessert - The best buffet dessert in all of Vegas, glamorous gelato, chunky choco dipped strawberries (that don't taste genetically modified), melting macaroons, two types of funky fudge....etc...etc...etc. . The price is high but worth checking out at least once! . . TIPs:. . Sign up for the IDENTITY membership card in the casino area of the Cosmopolitan as you can collect points when you pay for the buffet, plus as a guest of the hotel you can get a 5 dollar credit to gamble.
Great food, wish I didn't get full so fast.. And great service with the refilling of our drinks.. Loved the dessert and all the cute presentations of the dishes.
One of the best buffets I've tried.  I keep thinking about the corn.
Wicked Spoon is the nicest buffet I have been to so far!.  As with everything else at The Cosmopolitan, the Wicked Spoon sets itself apart from the Vegas 'norm'. The decor is chic and modern and I love that the buffet is away from the hustle and bustle of the casino. It is quiet and calm which is a nice environment to eat in. .  The brunch is so tasty! The French toast is AMAZING. and the Udon noodles are some of the best I've tasted. . The individual servings are not only perfectly proportioned, but they are also very quaint, and that the seems to make the food taste even better somehow:).  The Gelato is very creamy and the flavors are spot on and interesting. (strawberry and balsamic vinaigrette and the salted caramel peanut = genius). Overall I say that the buffet is well worth the money.. I didn't like every dish that I chose (the Mac and cheese and pasta for ex.) however that had more to do with my specific tastes and not so much to do with quality. .  I do wish that they didn't close for a few hours between lunch an dinner but I'm sure that helps with quality control. I was also disappointed to see that the famous mac and cheese bar wasn't up and running when we went but they did have an omelet station in it's place..   It's sit down type food, but you can eat all you like! Can't go wrong with that!
There were two things I was preparing myself for when I was going to Vegas: clubbing and Wicked Spoon. There was so much hype about Wicked Spoon that the foodie in me was like....I need to freaking try this buffet before I leave Vegas.....or this trip is useless! . . When we got here, there was a long line for people to get a table. Luckily, we were a group of 10+ and got seated right away, granted we had to play 18% gratuity each. Whatever, kind of worth it for not waiting. . . I would have to say that the food wasn't that bomb. It was good, but not amazing. The quality of the food though is definitely better than anything I've ever eaten at a buffet. And the presentation is SO CUTE! I love the little pans. . . What really won me over was their dessert. Chocolate covered strawberries? Macaroons? THAI TEA ICE CREAM? . . Also, bottomless mimosas. You pay $9 bucks more, but for bottomless, that's pretty much worth it. And I was loving those mimosas. . . Therefore, 4 stars. GAME OVER.
One of the best vegas buffets I've been to!  I came here on a Sunday afternoon for the lunch buffet and it was around $30.  There was basically no line since I think most folks leave and get back to reality.. . I love that food in presented on small plates and it makes it seem like it was just made for you.  Some of the highlights were the duck ravioli, made-to-order omelette bar, and the desserts!!!. . Enjoy!
Don't usually eat at buffets just because I am such a waste of money every time I go. Either I continuously eat the cheapest not worth it item at buffets or I just don't eat enough! Wicked Spoon was a buffet I had been wanting to try because everyone that goes to Vegas raves about this place! . . We came here on a Sunday and the wait wasn't too bad. Since we came with such a big party, we had to pay all these tips and crap which probably made the cost about $30iish per person? . . The seating arrangements here are spacious and there are event private dining rooms. Like any ordinary buffets there are different stations offering a variety of dishes. This buffet knows how to tempt you into eating everything because everything is plated so nicely. I didn't like everything....I swear I got so many things, took a bite, and then dumped it. My fave items are actually in this photo: . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=r1S_vDd_m9Kg2Mdr1qSeKQ&userid=pmKnNkGVgzhMkwJaTU5apA. YUMS to the yogurt and fried chicken. Such an odd combo but I had aboue 3 cups of that yogurt! It was just so addicting because it wasn't too sweet, and I felt healthy. . . The Mac & cheese was really good too! I hated the pork belly buns though. I love pork belly buns, but after you've had it 5 star style elsewhere, going to Wicked Spoon for these buns just didn't meet up to that expectation. A lot of the foods here just looked better than it tasted. Kinda sad. . . I was going to give this place 3 stars, until I came across the gelato station! After I saw the Thai Tea Gelato, I was AUTOMATICALLY giving this place 4 stars. WTF THAI TEA? The last time I had Thai Tea flavored ice cream was in SF and they got rid of it....so I have been on the hunt for something like this....and it ends up being in Wicked Spoon?! WOW. The macaroons and other desserts didn't look as tasty as this gelato. It was so yummmmmmy I could've eaten more but I had portion control. . . Besides the average tasting food, I do give this place props for serving food nicely and maintaining such a pretty environment !
Ein sehr schones Buffet!. Eine groe Auswahl, nette Bedienung und schones Ambiente.
Food were well presented in individual portions - quality was definitely nicer than Wynn and the space was nice and open. Desserts were pretty good too but on the whole nothing mind blowing.
What I can start out with is... I'm glad I wore black when I ate here because it's a slimming color... Wicked Spoon Buffet was quite wicked, indeed. Especially for my waistline.. . It's been awhile since i've eaten at a buffet with friends and it has brought up some great conversations/first world problems of having too much good food. At times like these, I wish that potent elixir/drink (?) from the Hunger Games exists.. you know, the one that makes you throw up so you can eat more? Hah. It just made me realize how old I am now and how I can easily get owned by two plates of food now.. . Anywho, Wicked Spoon was a treat. For $9 you can get unlimited drinks! Such a good deal. In general, Wicked Spoon has pretty good deals for their meals... but def not as tasty as other buffets, but if you're budget conscious, this is a great buffet. They also have a good variety. Pretty much everything here is good... I loved the presentation of their dishes. I was actually a huge fan of their watermelon salad, their hash brown w cheese, ribs, french toast, and their awesome corn on the cob! Their desserts were pretty scrumptious, too... They had macaroons too, but they tasted a bit odd. . . Overall, fun experience here with my girl friends... definitely had some funny convos... I think we were turning delirious after so much food. We seriously were one step past food coma afterwards.
It's called Wicked Spoon b/c you leave here feeling like a whale & hating yourself for overindulging. . . I normally don't like buffets, but we had to go to a Vegas buffet before we left so we chose this one due to the rave reviews :) & YOU YELPERS WERE SO RIGHT! This place is AMAAAAAAZZZZING for a buffet ;). . I really liked how most of the food was served in their own cute little platter (like the chicken wings were served in a mini fryer).. SO ADORABLE. . . I thought the create your own seafood stirfry thing was pretty freaking delicious. I can eat seafood till it seeps out of my eyes so this made me smile :) . Their shrimp cocktails are the best I've ever had & I normally don't touch shrimp cocktail.. Their prime rib was also so tender & delicious... . . BTW, this place is BIG. I didn't even know there was another section near the desserts & I was too full to even nibble on anything there. . . However, although everything here is presented so nicely, I didn't really enjoy the desserts... Nothing really stood out & I've definitely had better desserts.. . CONCLUSION: food was great (though some looked better than they actually tasted) but I like my food presented nicely & the dessert section is ok. DEFINITELY worth checking out.
I love the wicked spoon because most of their food items are served on the own individual plate/bowl/cup. Not only is the presentation beautiful and appetizing, but tt makes it difficult to hold more than 3 things at once so you aren't piling a MOUNTAIN on your plate. . . They portion it so that you are eating small samples of everything and not wasting food. . . They have the BEST dessert here of all the buffets that i have been to. Seriously, just start with the dessert and then go try everything after. Most people stuff their face until they have no room for dessert.
Wow!. . It felt like we were at a regular upscale restaurant and not a crowded Vegas buffet!. After doing the "buffet of buffets" tour last year we were pretty much over and disenchanted with the whole buffet experience. You know, pushy tourists, hard to get a refill on any drinks (even water sometimes!) and how somehow they always put out the prime rib right AFTER you leave! . . But, the Wicked Spoon restored our wonder in buffets. The atmosphere was so nice and "classy", they brought a bottle of wine to our lovely little table and were very attentive with all the refreshments. There was just one big line that stretched the whole length of the buffet for the food so that kinda sucked- they could have designed it better into sections like other places... but other than that it was a totally wonderful experience. . . You MUST try the gelatos!!!
The bone marrow, which a lot of people rave about, was a bit overhyped. It was too greasy for my taste. But everything else here was awesome, including the small sizes so you can try a bit of everything!
Went to: BREAKFAST BUFFET. . As far as buffets in Vegas go, this one is pretty awesome-- it doesn't seem like it has too many options BUT the quality of food you get here is better than the other buffets (in comparison to PH, Mandalay, MGM and Mirage). . The price is normal buffet price, and they don't offer military discounts (sad!), and the shrimp comes in a little cup with two shrimp, cocktail sauce and a lemon (which is only disheartening because you have to keep going back for more (when is TWO ever enough??)... the shrimp are way better quality than anywhere else on the strip.. . The desserts are THE BEST (not even kidding a little bit): just about every dessert you could think of is waiting for you there, and it's soooooo deeelish!!!. . HANDS DOWN a great buffet, and you can go for a nice walk through the Cosmo and City Centre to walk off the bloat after. . . Holler
If you love gourmet food and do NOT love buffets, this will be the buffet for you.. . Wicked Spoon does a nice job with the details of each item, the section to choose from and by far I got the best service thus far from any buffet in Vegas. They present "typical" buffet items, then rock your socks off with pigs tail, bone marrow and angry Mac and Cheese. The desserts were by far the hit of every table! I almost don't want you to look at the pictures, because it  may lessen the surprise!. . Service was uniquely great for a buffet and much much more difficult then other restaurants. Dishes are all different sizes and shapes And heavy!. . My one less star goes to two things: . 1. Although I likes the pigs tail in the Asian section, I think they should either reconsider other offerings or just replace it with more of their other unique foods that are not Asian. It was not great at all.. 2. Although I did love the style of how the food was presented, the dishes were very heavy and hard to carry.. . I highly recommend this buffet when you are there and if you like unique types. of foods to try. If you JUST want prime rib, crabs leg and shrimp (which they do have)...you might not fully appreciate this buffet. Happy eating!
I have a love-hate relationship with buffets.... I love the fact that you can eat to your hearts desire....but hate that my appetite is not large enough!!!. This buffets strives to be above the rest with their gourmet ingredients and recipes. For the most part, everything tastes good but since most dishes are served in individual (large) portions I wasnt able to try everything without throwing a lot away too and I hate wasting food! Dishes that I enjoyed were the seafood section with the crab legs and the clams/shrimp they cooked with your choice of seasoning, and the salad bar with the cheeses was great!. . I absolutely loved the dessert bar!!! the gelato was delish and their chocolate mousse was to so good, I think I ate 5 of those! Would i come here again? yes if someone really wanted to go, but I just think I could spend 35$ on dinner at a nice restaurant and be even more satisfied
I came here with some of my friends (6 of us) and we probably waited around 45 mins to an hour for dinner. You pay before you actually sit down and the price was around $40 I believe. Did the price justify the meal? I would have to say yes. . . The highlight of the meal for me was definitely the seafood bar where you pick what you want, clams, mussels, and some other seafood. Then you pick which flavoring you want, I always got the garlic butter one. So good! I must have came back to this station 3-4 times. It went well with the selection of meats they have, prime rib, etc. I also enjoyed the nice cheeses they had (there were like plates with 4 different kinds of cheeses). The Asian food looked kind of disappointing, dry, etc, so I didn't really try them. The dessert bar is fantastic though. Oreo chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato/ice cream bar, and other decadent desserts. I wish I could have tried all the gelato/ice cream flavors! The guy recommended the almond joy so I got that and it was pretty good. I look forward to coming back to this place on my next trip to Vegas for sure!
Food is awesome! Wicked spoon is officially my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. Deserts were awesome. It's not your typical buffet food which is usually boring, old, and bleh. Presentation was nice, food areas were clean, and service was good.
went here for my sons birthday.... what can i say? food was off the hook! asian, american, latin, etc. you name it .. they have it!
just came back from vegas and had a hit and miss experience with buffets.. the best hit was the wicked spoon buffet at cosmopolitan hotel.  i paid a $38 for dinner and i really enjoyed the way they lay down the food.  the sampling of items allows to try many of the delicious items without overeating.  the only thing was the lineup to get in.. it was a $45 min wait.
Very classy and very convenient since we spend most of our time in the princess Cosmopolitan hotel anyways. The atmosphere is very warm and spacious, great for big groups. . . They're known for their bone marrow but my boyfriend gave it a try a couple times and wasn't the biggest fan. The crab legs is decent but not as good as the ones from Bachannal or Studio B. The presentation is classy and very appealing but I was hoping for a bigger selection since it's Cosmo and all. Their gelato is amazing tho!. . TIPS:. If you're in a big group and is paying separately then don't tell them you're a part of a big party to avoid the 18% service charge. Also, have someone from your group go wait in the table line (on the left hand side if you're facing the buffet) so you get seated MUCH faster!
Gourmet buffet if that makes any sense. Definitely the best buffet on the Strip & 1st of its kind.. . Wicked Spoon is more expensive than a lot of the buffets on the strip but it is so worth it. Personal portion dishes (for example, a small basket of calamari or a small skillet of truffle mac n cheese) The dishes are very creative (so not your typical buffet food). The flavors are wonderful.. . The dessert section is my favorite... I didn't know where to begin! Strawberry balsamic gelato was the BOMB! I know it sounds odd but you have to try it!!
Heaven, almighty, my love of buffets may have very well been ignited by my encounter with Wicked Spoon. My fiance and I were in Vegas for a few days this past week/weekend and I had ONE thing on my calendar for Friday AM: Brunch at Wicked Spoon. I read the reviews, I looked at the pictures, and I saw the price point. How could I be in Vegas on a weekday and pass up a $22 buffet with everything my little heart could ever desire? I couldn't.. . Friday morning rolled around and we were off to the races! We found Wicked Spoon after scouring the Cosmpolitan (it's kinda hidden), paid our $22 dues (+$9 for bottomless drinks if you want them), and were seated. I had to take a minute to get my bearings because the place was pretty expansive. It's laid out well, though, with stations covering different types of cuisine. They had an Asian station with sushi, chinese, rice, veggies; a carving area; a Mexican-esque station with tacos; a breakfast station with parfaits, french toast, bagels, salmon, spreads, etc. Despite the fact that buffets inherently beg for gluttonous behavior, I actually went about it somewhat healthily (it's possible, friends). Beside the dessert station (I'm only human -- the dessert station is remarkable), I noshed on shrimp cocktail, sushi, fish, salads, and loads of veggies. Stuff is pre-portioned, too, which makes it nice to try bites of things that you might not otherwise eat. I grabbed a portion of the grown up mac & cheese to split with my dining buddy and it was small enough so we could each have a couple of bites, but not go overboard. As a pescetarian, eating pretty conservatively is a bit easier. As a meat-eater... Lord, there are so many options, you'd better go prepared! Yummmm! Next time I'm in Vegas, you'll know where to find me.
I've been to all the major buffets in vegas (Bellagio, Wynn, M resorts), except the new Bacchanal buffet at the caesar. But I will go real soon.... . So far, this one is my favorite, the dishes are placed in small containers, which is a nice touch. It's very well portioned, it's small so it allows you to try different things.. . My problem with buffets is this: what to eat, and what not to eat. Some people go for what they think is the most expensive stuff and gorge themselves to make it worth it... and there are so many things to try, once you've tried most of what you wanted to try, you're already full.. . And while buffets are made for quantity, I like to take my time to try different things, I know I shouldn't eat the salad, but having a balanced meal matters to me so leave me alone if I don't eat the crab legs by the boat load!!!. . On the variety side, this place really shines, pretty much all major cuisines represented, from chinese japanese french italian american... whereas most buffets have the whole wall in the back with some station before the wall, most of them only have original items on half the spread, and the items are repeated on the other half of the wall. Not here, the whole buffet is unique, no food is repeated anywhere!!!. . Of the few items that people keep talking about, namely angry mac an cheese and bone marrow, I found these item s to be meh. I actually liked the pork sliders, fried oysters, rib tips, parpadelle, kim chi fried rice, crab salad, mushroom salad.... . The pasta was fresh and had good texture, worthy of an italian restaurant!!!. Kim chi fried rice was so good, I actually had seconds, I know I know don't eat rice at a buffet!!! lol. . Sadly I never finished sampling the whole spread and was actually full before I tasted all the stuff I wanted to try. On the dessert side, I really like the coconut flan, and the thai iced tea gellato. And never before seen is the chesse plate among the dessert spread, very nice touch.. . I had a total of 6 plates, which is 3 plates more than I usually have. nice Buffet I would definitely go again.
THE. BEST. BUFFET. EVER!. . I learned of this buffet through my fellow yelpers. . Good thing my group and I eat buffets around 4-5. . We got very lucky when we came here!. . We had no idea when the buffet was open or closed. . We arrived to the entrance of the buffet around 430 to see it was closed and would open at 5. We were the first to arrive. Many other people later started to line up. As soon as 5 PM hit, my goodness, there was a line that wrapped all the way down to the escalator area!! WHOA! It's that great here huh?? The decor at the entrance was very Cosmopolitan hotel esque so we knew this buffet was serious.. . Lucky us, paid at the front and stood in linefor a table. We didn't wait long because we were first! I'm sure if you were to go during the dinner rush, there'd be a long wait!! But walking into the dining room, it was HUGE! Glass art hanging from the ceiling. The water carafes were cute couple serving size! . . The plates- SQUARE!! About time buffets get the modern look! I love the square plate! I dunno about you, but I like portioning out my food in sections and the square shape helps it better :P. . The food selection- ermahgerd!! The meat, the veggies, the cold foods, the asian, the desserts, and tons more!! There was a BIG selection! There wasn't anything i DIDNT try! I had at least one of everything. I'd say my favorite is their single serving of shrimp and grits! Whoa! What a nice spice to it!! I couldnt get enough of it. Had 3 pots sized!! I LOVE the single serving! What's neat is that people just want a nibble of everything. Sure we can scoop whatever amount we want, but sometimes we go overboard... I think some of the ready served portions are ideal. Of course, always go back for more if you want it!! . . I was a bit disappointed with their dessert bar. Don't get me wrong here. They had TONS OF YUMMY Bites! But they didn't have a crepe bar... maybe I'm a lover of crepes but please include it!! It's ok, I still lived without it. Love how cute their chocolate covered strawberries were made. They were better than any other of the buffets I've been to- yes, better than the Wynn! . . The server we had was excellent, she was sweet and very accommodating to our party of 6. We all at least ordered at least 2-3 drinks amongst us. . . I'd definitely come back to this buffet again. It's a top 5 contender! It's tied with the Wynn buffet, hard to beat but they both offer something that the other doesn't.
The only complaint I have is that the plates should be bigger so I could fit more dishes onto it! . . My 4 gf's and I arrived around 1:30pm on a Saturday. The wait was about 15 minutes long and we were seated in a very nice booth along the wall of the dining area. Although there aren't as many options as a traditional buffet, the quality of the food was superb, which is what I prefer. Quality over quantity, I always say! . . A couple of my favorite dishes were the grilled salmon and the eggs benedict. Their dessert station has french macarons, giant chocolate covered strawberries, and interesting gelato's like thai iced tea and strawberry balsalmic.. . I'd rather go to a buffet like this and pay a little more for better quality and less options that a ton of low-quality food. Definitely one of the better buffets to try in Vegas!
Yay!. . i used to tout the Bellagio Buffet whenever I talked about Vegas.  But wow wow wow!  I really enjoyed Wicked Spoon.  It's not like any other buffet i've ever been to, food wise.  . . I looked this place up because I wanted bone marrow.  How great is it that I can find bone marrow in a buffet, and I don't have to go to either a French restaurant or a steak joint for it?!. . I love that everything is portioned controlled.  Yeah, it would suck to be their dishwasher and you may only be able to fit 4 ramekins worth of food onto your plate but you won't look like a Fat Assssss for sure (unless you've got awesome balance and a waitressing background and can carry 4 or 5 plates to your seat like ME). . . They have food that I've never seen in any other buffets:. . Bone marrow - my dad actually makes it better but this was still tasty and I could go back for eighths if I wanted.. . Fried oysters - YUM!. . Lobster risotto - YUM!. . supertenderandohsodelicious Short ribs - YUM!. . othertenderporkwithcollardgreens - YUM!. . Korean short ribs - YUM!. . Primerib sliders - you get the idea!. . and like, a shit ton of other YUM! stuff (sushi, pizza, asian fares, bread and cheeses, pitas with hummus or tabouli, salads, tapas type foods, a carving station, full dessert bar).  . . Their gelato in the dessert section alone is worth it.  And it's not even just the usual boring strachiatella or chocolate flavors, they have blood orange, raspberry, strawberry and balsamic.  I died and went to heaven.. . On a side note, a lot of the food was rich in that there is a lot of fat, cream, cheese, fried in oil, type of foods there.  All delicious, of course and not in a McDonalds number 1 kind of way, but lactose intolerant folks and those who worry about the size of their thighs, BEWARE.. . Yes, Yelp, I *AM* a fan!  Thank you!!!
One of the best buffets ever! I still like Studio B a wee bit more though.  Awesome cheese and meat spread! I'm a sucker for good charcuterie spread. Seriously. And the make your own mac 'n' cheese station? Hello! Genius! I made a 4-cheese prime rib mac and it was soo rich and creamy. And made my a Texan chef ! Awesome. That guy was really nice! I tried bone marrow for the first time. That's what's cool about this Buffet..they have more random things than other buffets.  They also had some duck ravioli. Really cool. Service was there too. Drinks always refilled and the plates were taken away quickly. They have crazy good gelato. My all time favorite of the night was the freshly made prosciutto roll. Don't ask. I think O/D on that stuff O.o
I hardly ever go to buffets because I don't eat meat and I always feel like I'm getting ripped off, however, my friend talked me into trying this place and I'm glad he did!. . Of course, it's not as though the buffet is catered towards veggie-eaters, but I did find that there were plenty of delicious things for me to eat. The truffle scalloped potatoes were definitely a highlight. . . Also, the desserts! We decided (perhaps foolishly) to pick up ONE OF EVERYTHING. Although my body hated me for it afterwards, I have no regrets.
The only thing missing from this buffet is a slightly eccentric candy factory owner donning a top hat and cane with small orange people running around doing his bidding. . .  Seriously, dessert is the name of the game around here.  Too bad my booze soaked stomach and affinity for salty food led me straight to the Asian counter first, where I stuffed myself full of sushi, fried calamari, chow mein, broccoli beef, Korean bbq, and a myriad of random gourmet offerings I saw on the way back to my table.  I then proceeded to walk towards the omlet station, where something so seductive and indulgent caught my eye that I couldn't look away.  A giant, industrial sized, silver bowl of freshly fried bacon  lay steaming in front of me, and would eventually be my demise.  Of course, I still tried the duck confit ravioli, the prime rib, and the honey goat cheese pizza, but after that bacon I was so stuffed it wasn't the same.  When I finally realized I had enough room for dessert, I meandered over to the desert area where I proceeded to become confused.  Am I still in the buffet, or did I wander into some kind of gelato shop/bakery?  Well, judging by the gentleman carrying away a plate piled the size of a football helmet with dainty little desserts, I'm guessing I'm still in the buffet.  Carrot cake, chocolate lava cake, brownies, cookies, chocolate and lemon mousse shots, donuts, and an entire gelato station are just a few of the desserts offered here.  And what's more, the desserts were actually good!  So my advice to someone going here for the first time-- have dessert first because it's their best offering!  Also, for those of you who do not have a pounding hangover when you roll in here, they offer unlimited mimosas for around $9/ person.  And trust me, they are truly unlimited.  A group of about 15 Texas A&M students at the table next to us had a pyramid of close to 100 empty mimosa glasses stacked in the center of their table. . . This buffet is very good, but at $40/ person it is a bit pricey.   Still, if you like the ambience of the Cosmopolitan and want to eat ridiculous quantities of food that would normally be served on small white plates in stuffy little bistros, this is a cool spot.
Wonderfully upscale buffet in Las Vegas. The food is tasty, and wonderfully beautiful. Some dishes are hard to carry on one plate to your table. We were at the Cosmopolitan for a few days. It would have been nice if their menu wasn't the same everyday. After the second time there it got a little boring finding something new to try. But the price is relatively cheap compared to the other eating establishments in the hotel. The staff is wonderful and the place is very clean.
One of my favorite buffets ,  Lets you try some different things , Try the bone marrow !!!  I would have never tried it but i figured why not?  and it was out of this world !!!!! I cant wait to go back again so i can have it again , Ask the server to tell you how to eat it .  It really is amazing thats all i can say .
Dinner here is pretty amazing.  The location kind of surprised me, it seemed kind of hidden. The selection of all the food, deserts ..etc. etc was fantastic.  In my opinion this buffet outshines the Bellagio buffet (which i LOVE!!)
I came here for brunch right before my flight home. I came with a big party but they got us seats fairly quickly. We had a Chinese server who kept talking me and my friends in Chinese when he found out we were Chinese. It was quite funny.. . I love this buffet. I like how almost everything is already neatly portioned and plated for you. I did not scoop any of my food which can get really messy sometimes. Nothing to extraordinary here, but it tastes good! One of the better buffets I have ever had.
I want to give them 3.5 stars only cuz the butter for their crab legs is kinda funky. I don't know if it's just me that notices this, but the butter has some kind of sweet flavor mixed in it, almost like honey or syrup.  I even went back and asked the chefs if they had some other kind of butter and they told me that all their butter is the same..... I tried to ask what that sweet flavor is in the butter and I guess he didn't understand my question, cuz he just kept mumbling that their butter is the same and just shrugged his shoulders.  Meh...I guess lemons'll do then.  Sucks that they have such great crab, but the butter sucks major.. Prime is always good and marrow is always a neat item to spread on to the bread pieces.. Hubby loves this place, so I rounded up to 4.
I love their selection of food and how they are potioned. It allows you to try everything without overstuffing yourself. the atomosphere is lovely they have great customer service you don't even have to as for a refrill they bring you a refrill on drinks before you can even ask.
My favorite buffet in vegas! Surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet.. Anyway, Wicked Spoon is totally for girls. They serve lots of dishes in mini pan or fryers so all of the foods are presented super cute! It also helps you to not lose focus and grab little portion at a time so you can try variety of stuff at the buffet :). . But the number 1 reason why I like Wicked Spoon is because of their flavorings. Most buffet food taste "eh" to me. It's not bad but it's not great either. But Wicked Spoon is different. For example, their fried chicken is seasoned so well! The chicken is coated with crispy peppery spicy skin/batter and the inside of the chicken is SUPER juicy. Their prime rib's au ju tasted great and I devour plate full of steamed clam that tasted delicious.. . I'm not a big fan of desserts but I definitely had my eyes on the gelato. I tried both oreo and behold, THAI TEA GELATO. Oreo gelato had nice big oreo crunches and it was great but oman, glorious thai tea gelato definitely topped it all. It taste straight up like thai iced tea but in creamy and cold gelato. How awesome IS that?. . Lunch is $30 plus tax. The only complaint for me is that Wicked Spoon doesn't serve crab legs during lunch time and the wait can be an hour long. Sad story.
I have eaten here several times. I have never been disappointed until last week. I noticed that there wasn't a line. I've usually had to wait 20-30 min. Now mind you I do like this buffet a lot. But this time I just didn't feel it like I did before. The carving station was always out of meat. There wasn't a whole pig or anything impressive. I think that they need to bring back the ambiance that they use to have. It just looks like any other buffet. The food was good but not outstanding. The desserts suffered as well. I could tell that they have cut back on the food they are bringing out. I made the mistake of going to the new "Bacchanal" at Caesars and it really turned my head. I still recommend it. It is very good but not 4 stars like it use to be.
I really liked this place. We got there at 9 on Sunday and we got to eat plenty! I made the runs and got like 5 plates of food! Pizza, Mac and cheese, cheese plates, fruit, salad, risotto, pasta, edamame, soups, paninis and way more! Plus I'm a vegetarian so I was more limited in my choices. The only thing was the dessert bar was a bit lacking but I would definitely go back :D
Went to the Wicked Spoon for brunch on a Friday at the recommendation of a friend.  The food was amazing.  So much variety and so many options.  Surprisingly, the gelatto is awesome.  We stuffed ourselves silly, had a mimosa that was included, had coffee/tea that was included all for $23.  There was no wait and it was a great deal.  So great that we went back for brunch on Sunday.  The food was all the same and just as good, but there was an hour wait, no alcoholic drinks included, and the price was $34.  . . Really enjoyed it, but would suggest going during the week when it's a much better deal and not as busy.
Wicked Spoon Buffet is by far the best buffet I've ever had in Vegas. For a long time I thought the Wynn  Buffet was the bomb but Wicked Spoon is sooooo much better. We came there right when it opened at 5pm the line wasn't  long. . . The only thing that was annoying was they charged us gratuity for our party of 10. How are you going to charge gratuity for a buffet???? Its not like the waiters/waitress's served us or anything. Minus one star for that.. . The food is really good. Everything I tried tasted really good. I had the prime rib, truffle potatoes au gratin, mash potatoes and the crab all are delicious. There is also a section of the buffet with salami and cheese never seen that before, great idea! The desert section is amazing! There was gelato, cakes, cookies everything you can imagine is here.
This is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas! It is why the line is so long for Wicked Spoon!. . A lot of the dishes are portioned in a small bowl or plate. I feel really bad for all the dishes that the dishwashers have to deal with everyday! The appetizers and main dishes are really good and there is a wide variety to choose from. So everyone can find a favorite dish here. . . Another thing I like about Wicked Spoon is the decor of this place. It is romantic with dim lighting. It feels like you are dining in a restaurant rather than at a buffet. . . The best part about Wicked Spoon is the dessert selection! I made sure I saved enough room in my stomach for it! I love the gelato, raspberry cheesecake, apple cobbler, and the chocolate dipped strawberries. The only thing I did not like were the macarons. But overall I think Wicked Spoon is really good!
The best thing about Wicked Spoon Buffet is how they put all the food into the sexiest lttle presentation packages to make you think youre not in a buffet!  I love buffets and this one is pretty good.  I would say my fav was the mac n cheese build a bar and the desserts are Fab.
What a great brunch! The place reminded me of a huge dim sum palace in Chinatown. This massive room held hundreds of people and hundreds of options including but not limited to: omelette station (yum), pancakes, french toast (o yeaaaa), sushi (not the best), assortment of salads, cheeses, etc., gelato, pastries, meats... I think I went back four times. . . for an extra $7 or so you get bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's (which I highly recommend!). . . All in all a very fun, filling, extravagant meal!
Very good food. Not a lot of variety but still worth it.
It was our first time at this buffet, and it was superb!  I love the idea of small portion on each take -  shrimp cocktail in a shot glass, risotto in a mini pan, Chinese food in a take-out box... etc.  The beef broccoli was good and fresh.. . I would recommend this place.  We went there on a Saturday afternoon and waited 45-minutes in line, but it was all worth it.
Wicked Spoon is wickedly delicious !  . . Went for weekday lunch so atmosphere was leisurely and service attentive.   What I like about this buffet is that most of the dishes are prepared in small plates which encourages you to not load up on any one thing - which means you can try even more!  . . For the first round, I had duck confit ravioli, short rib polenta, bone marrow (yum!), Manila clam in tomato / garlic broth, and open pork belly pork bun!  Next was seafood with crispy calamari, shrimp cocktail, prawns forno, lox, and a roasted beet/arugula / goat cheese salad!  Cheese selection was small but good.  Desserts look so pretty - you have to try something !  . . I saw a lot of freshly prepared dishes constantly being put out (good turnover rate).
I really enjoyed how they served the food!  It was in small individual portions and because it stayed on a warm pot, it stayed warm longer.  Great for sharing multiple dishes with friends because it was like dining family style.  Plus my food didn't run into each other because it gets annoying when flavors touch.  . . They also have the option to have wine tasting which I think is the best idea!  I love wine with my food but I hate that I can't have more then one option at a time.  So I was able to get an ounce of wine at a time which was perfect to pair with my food.  This does involve a little bit of planning ;-) . . Service was not great.  Our drinks kept getting empty and when she brought me coffee, there was no sugar on my table.
We went on a Monday and found out it is actually quite a bit cheaper then going on the weekend so safe some $$ and try to go on a weekday if you can. The waiter will greet you and take your drink order which we got coffee but then you also get one bloody or mimosa with the buffet. We both got bloodys which were just a ok. They have a huge buffet. Everything from make your own omlets, pancakes, carving station, bagel bar and lox, sushi and asian food, wood fired pizzas and beautiful desserts. The one thing that I did not care for was that they put carrots in the sushi. Too big and takes away from all the other good stuff. Staff is really friendly.
Quite a spread.  This place has a little of everything.  The real amazing part is that everything is excellent.
I came in with no expectation but this place is pretty fancy and the food was great. I went during early dinner time when they had a large selection of little entrees. It seemed to have a high-end feel to it because not only is it a Vegas buffet in the Cosmopolitan, but their food was definitely complex and their desserts were good as well. There was a large selection of desserts from cookies, cakes, to various flavored ice-creams. I would recommend it.
Wicked Spoon is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! Aftering having dinner here the first time back in February, I missed it so much I convinced my friends to skip the Bellagio buffet and dine here when we were in Vegas in November. I had some picky eaters with me and they were skeptical because they were die hard Bellagio buffet lovers, but they walked away full and happy. Grant they went to the Bellagio brunch buffet the next morning. . . The Wicked Spoon serves everything tapas style. I love tapas style food, but the portions are larger than I would prefer and I feel bad letting so much food go to waste. They also do a great job with flavor. I find that buffets often serve food bland or overy salted. The Wicked Spoon has dishes that are full of flavor, fresh, and tasty. I enjoyed almost every dish I grabbed. In my experience, desserts at buffets are sub par, so I typically avoid it, but the Wicked Spoon actually has good desserts, including a gelato station! I'm also impressed that they serve macarons that taste good and aren't overly sweet, unlike others. They also have a variety of food that satisfies a lot of palates. I'm surprised my picky dining guests didn't complain one bit. This will be my go to Las Vegas buffet until I hear of anything better.
I think this might be my new favorite buffet in Vegas.. . It has lots of small servings which makes trying everything easy. Many are quite interesting and excellent. Not too often you see Bone Marrow on a buffet.. . This place is really above buffet food, it is not huge troughs of  bland food, it is really good quality. The dessert bar is really nice, featuring a full gelato stand and lots of bite size treats.. . It is quite a walk from the front door, probably about 10 mins hustle from the entrance to the buffet line.. . I really like the modern interior, very fresh for dated Vegas.
I've been to a few buffets in Vegas including the Bellagio Buffet, but this one is unique in that most of the dishes are served in individual portions, not in big chafiing dishes. The portions are the right size for trying many dishes. The dishes are also very aesthetically pleasing.. . There's a few made-to-order sections, but the seafood station took forever! . . There many things to try like sushi, seafood, salads, cold dishes, a meat station with bone marrow, a variety of Asian cuisines, and a huge dessert bar with gelato. If you come here, definitely save room for dessert. The small portions for dessert are great too, so you can try plenty of items.. . Honestly, some of the stations weren't fantastic though. There could have been more seafood and the Asian dishes weren't great. Also, I had heard about the famous mac and cheese bar which I was super jazzed about trying, but it wasn't there! There was just one dish of average mac and cheese. . . The cold gazapacho soup (think it was like a chili watermelon soup?) was absolutely amazing and very memorable. . . I would come again, but first I have to try the Wynn buffet which is next in line on a future trip to visit. I'm not convinced it's better than the Bellagio buffet, but it's probably a tie.
Came here on Saturday for lunch, and was impressed.. . As per "Asian style" in terms of attacking the buffet, we attacked the meat and seafood first.  Not a lot of variety in seafood at the time, just some salmon, shrimp cocktail, clams and sushi, but the meat was delicious.  We had BRAISED SHORT RIBS over POLENTA, PRIME RIB, KOREAN BBQ, BBQ PORK RIBS, and TRI TIP.  The most amazing thing was the pile of BONE MARROW they had...rich and delicious. All of these were delicious...a lil bit on the salty side, but hey, taste is what matters, right?. . (THERE ARE REVIEWS THAT SAY THERE ARE NO PRIME RIB...THAT IS NOT TRUE!  We had a lot of prime rib...but the piece I got was definitely more Raw than Rare). . This place doesn't have as much variety as the other places, but the quality of their food was great.  The dessert selection was awesome as well with their PUMPKIN CHEESECAKE, SWEET POTATO FLAN, and GELATO.. . . Overall, the presentation of the food was all aesthetically pleasing....they're big on serving food in individual containers, which makes it fun to eat, but also means you can grab less per trip!
In the world of over-saturated Las Vegas buffets with various tricks, this one stands a league apart - the food is gourmand worthy and truly in a class of its own. Great selection of rich, hearty small plates allows you to craft your 10-course prix fixe style meal to your liking. I found the selection generally above grade and gourmet. There were a few things that fell way short - particularly anything from the Asian section, which is an embarrassment. But the wide variety of thoughtfully crafted speciality courses makes this a must-see dining venue in Las Vegas. It's unrivalled in its selection and variety.
Okay... so there are about 1,900+ reviews that have been written before me so no, I don't expect to be original or anything. I'm seriously just writing this for myself so I know what to expect/anticipate the next time I come around. And believe me there will be another visit to Wicked Spoon when I'm in Vegas. :P  But feel free to read it anyways! . . I came here around 1:00PM on a Saturday with a group of 6 people because we were all starving. And who doesn't go to a buffet at least once when you're in Vegas? . . Originally, we were supposed to have 10 people and thus when we got in line and was asked the number of people in our party, we told the staff 10. We ended up skipping the long line, paid extra 15% for gratuity(applicable to groups of 8 or more), and was seated fairly quickly to our surprise. YAY! . . Let's get eating shall we? . . Disclaimer: My inner child is indeed a fatty but I by no means tried everything that was out there. These are just a few I jotted down during my eating, sitting, piling-my-plate routine: . . MATSUTAKE SHOYU RAMEN: ew. don't get it. :( It was bland... I liked the earthiness that came from the mushrooms but aside from that, it was a waste of tummy space. . WATER SPINACH WITH GARLIC: Nom! Can't go wrong with vegetables and galric tehe :3. STEAMED CLAM WITH WHITE WINE, TOMATOES, GARLIC, AND PARSLEY: It was pretty good. simple, clean, deilsh. Plus it was fun forking out the meaty bits from the clams. . DUCK CONFIT RAVIOLI: pretty good. The flavor was rich, though by the time I got to my ravioli, it was a bit cold :( I think the sauce was made of brown butter and butternut squash, which complimented the ravioli well. Again, try to get this when it just comes out because dry cold pasta is unappetizing. . BRAISED SHORT RIB WITH COMMUNITY GRAIN POLENTA: Not my favorite. It had a savory taste to it, but the polenta was a bit too grainy for me. . ASIAGO GNOCCHI: Love. Love love love! Every piece of gnocchi yielded this cheesy goodness that I couldn't get enough of. I had to pace myself to prevent from gobbling them down in order to really appreciate the taste. . BROCCOLINI RABE: can't go wrong with broccolini either! . KALE SALAD: probably one of my favorite vegetable based sides. It was seasoned well and I loved how fresh it tasted. . CURRY ROASTED CAULIFLOWER: meh... a bit too soggy for me. . SALMON PLATE: don't get it. I love salmon and this was just a dishonor to all the fishies in the sea. . ROASTED SWEET POTATOES: love! simple and sweet! . LEG OF LAMB: It tasted good for something found at a buffet. Cooked with just the perfect amount of redness too. The only thing was that it quickly got tough and dry as time passed... I like to be able to enjoy my food slowly but I couldn't really eat it because my knife wouldn't cut through :( . . Desserts: GET THE GELATO! It's soooo worth it! Other desserts weren't as great sadly, but feel free to taste a bit of everything!. . Overall impression: pretty yummy. Beautiful presentation of the food. Though the price tag of ~40.00 was a bit excessive, it was worth the experience and the overall quality of the food.. . I was in love with the fact that most of the food was portioned out in small individual dishes already so you can easily get a little taste of everything :) I wasn't too happy with the fact that I waited a good amount of time before my cranberry juice came out, but that's minor. . . Be sure to anticipate a wicked food coma by the end of the mea and happy noming :D
The food was amazing and lived up to my expectations. I loved how cute all the food was presented. I avoided most of the Asian food based on the previous reviews. I did try the ramen and the soup was super bland. The kalbi was good, but it was a tad bit cold since it seemed to have been sitting out for awhile. I had four different buffets when I was out in Vegas and this one was definitely my favorite. . . I would give it five stars if the service was better. Don't get me wrong, the service was good when we got there around 5:30PM on a Monday night, but our drink refills started slowing down significantly as more people trickled in during the dinner rush.
I have been here 2x now.  First time was Brunch.  Second time Dinner.. . Both experiences have been very good.  Excellent service.  AYCE brunch deal.  Buffet overload of many food selections.. . I love this place because it's tapa style so you can try a bit of everything without wasting food that you couldn't finished!  I love the presentation of the food too.  It's beautifully-styled and arranged.  They got a bit of everything, however, I must say, the Asian food section was OK.  Not a lot of sushi selection and asian food.. . My favorites:. *Angry mac n cheese. *Cheese platters. *Roasted chicken. *Dessert sections!. . Don't forget the dessert section.  I felt like I was in a desert heaven! Bite-sized  ice cream, gelatos, chocolates, strawberry dipped in chocolates, small bakery desserts...yum o yum o...that section was my weakness.  I must have had sugar overload and went straight into food coma afterwards...but, totally worth my $ and pallet.. . Enjoy!  =)
The food was cool.
Food was excellent!. . Sunday morning brunch with bottomless champagne was great!!  Lots of great food so many options highly recommend this buffet while you are in Vegas!
My first buffet experience in LV, pretty happy with it! Dinner on weekends comes out to be $42 after tax, so it's not a cheap dinner, but it seems like most of the other buffets (eg Wynn) fall in the same price point.. . The food ranged from OK - really tasty. A lot of the dishes use interesting/fancy ingredients, probably to make the buffet experience more worth it. I tried a handful of things I've never had before (calve's liver, wild boar sloppy joe, fois gras macaron??) which made dinner pretty fun. Most of the dishes are displayed in small portions for you to grab and go, which I found super convenient, especially for a buffet style restaurant. My method was to go through and grab one thing of everything I was interested in before I started eating, so I could gauge better what was worth a second go - super smart on me.. . I think they probably have a rotating menu, but quality is probably the same throughout the year, I'd rate it a 3.8/5. The prime rib (usually a big thing at these Vegas buffets I know) was just ok.. . Definitely worth trying! I heard that dinner on a weekday is only ~$30.
Food is delicious, price is decent, and service is surprisingly quite good for a buffet. Be sure to come early on weekends if you want to go for dinner! Lines get super long and move slow. :/ . One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. The Cosmopolitan has yet to fail me :D
Great concept! I loved the individual portions just for the novelty of it. It might be useful to go with a buddy and pick out things to share.. . Highlights included the pesto mashed potatoes, prime rib, fried chicken, mushroom risotto, and truffled scalloped potatoes.. . Lowlights: ramen (too salty), sushi (I didn't try any, but apparently it was the worst sushi ever), and some of the desserts were disappointing (rock hard red velvet cookies).. . Cool idea with the mac and cheese bar, but one bowl can be shared with the table, as it's very rich and creamy, and the portions are pretty big. And you wanna save room for those king crab legs, right?. . Maybe this place doesn't have the variety like other buffets, but they offer items that are different or use different ingredients, which makes it more interesting.
So we ate here the last night of a 4 night min-vacation. We went to a late night Korean BBQ buffet (Sura) the first night (not so good despite good Yelp reviews).  We did the Buffet of Buffets the next 2 nights (Bacchanal the first night and Spice Market the next).  Tonight we wanted to try Wicked Spoon mainly due to the good reviews on Yelp. The price is perhaps a tad high ($40 pp).  We had the kalbi beef (very good), Asian BBQ ribs (very good), beef ribs (very good), prime rib (good), scalloped potatoes (very good), mac n cheese bar (very good but too big a serving), crab legs (not so good as they were too small), duck confit ravioli (very good), fried calamari/oysters (too much breading), shrimp cocktail (pretty good), and short ribs on polenta (pretty good).  The desserts overall were very good.  The ambience is pretty upscale for a buffet.  Its hard to compare this buffet with Bacchanal as they were different kinds of buffets. Overall however I liked Bacchanal buffet better.
Food: 3.5stars.. Service: 5 starts..  I just finished my dinner and I paid $40 including tax. 10minutea wait at 4;45pm and you can get unlimited wine for extra $9. . All foods including fried oyster, chicken wings, grits with prawns come in cute small metal baskets. I agree that their seafood station is weak.  Desserts station is impeccable although most of the cakes are bland and custard-based. I liked their salad station the most. Red beets and golden beets with raisins salad,  kale salad, and shrimp cocktail were delicious. . Some of the food such as creamed spinach, braised ribs and grits with shrimps come in small cute saute pan. They are so cute. . I read the reviews on yelp before going to Wicked spoon and felt the same: Most of the food were cold although we were there at the very beginning of the dinner. . Worst part of the buffet: Bone marrow? It was cold, greasy and gross. Not seasoned at all. . and Prime Rib:( it was completely raw). I think food here is beautifully presented and very creative but overall it was average. Their gelato station is amazing. Salted caramel, Thai tea, strawberry balsamic and Nutella tasted even better than the ones they sell outside. Macaroons came out late but those were good too.. The guy who worked at the Desserts station was very hospitable and was always smiling( African american guy) and our server ( caucasian woman with curly hair) was great, too. That's what I call 5 star 5 diamond level service.
For those who wants to see how this Wicked Spoon buffet looks like, I have recorded a full slow and steady tour of this entire place in HD.   if you guys want to see what they serve for brunch before you guys dine there, click on the YouTube link to see the Wicked Spoon buffet in HD:. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysAJZybad6A. . The only sucky thing about this buffet is that lunch does not go into dinner time. By that I mean, I would pay for a brunch price and get to eat dinner food once it struck 3 or 3:30 pm.. . This was my first time entering the Cosmopolitan, I always thought this was part of the Aria complex, but it looks like it's not. The buffet is located all the way in back of the resort, which require an extra long walk.. . I ate here for brunch on a Thursday afternoon for around 25 bucks with tax and tips. Now I know why it's called Wicked Spoon because most of the food items are served in a  big metal spoon-like pot dish. Love their dish presentation! I like how they would  put chinese rice in a cute to-go container.. . Dessert looks yummy and expensive. But it looks like there are less desserts for brunch than for dinner.. . Server was quick in clearing your plates and refilling your drink.
3.5stars. . Ambiance: keeps in theme with the Cosmopolitan Casino/Hotel, very modern decor with feminine touches. . . Price: About $40/person (cheaper if you're a rewards member). . Food: For a different and unique Vegas buffet, I'd highly recommend Wicked Spoon. They offer tapas style American comfort food using novel ingredients (i.e. cow liver shepherds pie). I'm torn on their dishes' lack of freshness as you can tell they've been sitting on the counter for a length of time, but you expect this for a buffet. However, they do have some great made to order stations (i.e. mac 'n cheese bar) and the novelty of the offerings (you can get bone marrow and ramen in the same meal?) makes me want to overlook this flaw. Overall, definitely worth a trip if you're looking for something different from the other Vegas buffets! . . Service: Great! no hunting down servers for extra drinks/napkins etc.
Delicious and unique. Who knew a buffet can be that nice? I was very impressed by the selection. I really liked the macaroni bar. The downside of the night :(Sunday night)They didn't have anymore bone marrow and the risotto was undercooked. Nothing worse than getting a spoonful of creamy uncooked rice! Also the service was really slow. I had to keep clearing our plates for us because they never came to clear our plates the entire time we ate. And I'm still giving it 4 stars because their buffet is really impressive. The selection, ambiance, and food was good enough that I can still forgive them for slow service and uncooked rice!
Solid 4 stars maybe 4.5.  It was like tapas style which was fun. The gelato was amazing the thai tea is a must try.
This breakfast/brunch buffet was delicious.  Very high end gourmet dishes, nice variety, clean and upscale ambiance and great desserts.. . I really liked this buffet and thought even better than the Bellagio buffet.
I generally avoid buffets, and I find I can generally do better on all dimensions ordering from a menu.  Circumstances dictated, so I gave the Wicked Spoon a try for breakfast.  The food here, at least at breakfast, was really good, and the price was quite reasonable given the location and the quality of the food.  I can't rave about a particular dish, but I enjoyed everything I put on my plate. The service and atmosphere were also on the money.  If you are staying at The Cosmo, I think this place is worth a try.
If you're a desserts fanatic like me, search no more, this is the buffet to visit during your stay in vegas!. . Pros: cute layout, portioned foods, amazing dessert bar (def try the gelato), and delicious seafood made to order during dinner (the muscles/clams are the best). . Cons: long wait, slow service, filled with large groups of tourists or just really large groups in general so the buffet is always crowded
for me, dessert is very fantastic, I love their dessert especially gelato is so so good.
This is one of our favorite LV buffets.  It's on the pricey side ($42/person), but they do offer items with exotic ingredients and focus on quality in each of their offerings. Note: children over 12 pay full price, so make sure everyone has a healthy appetite and can appreciate gourmet food!  We arrived Wednesday night at 430pm and there was already a long line for the 5pm dinner service.. . Overall service and food were excellent, with maybe just a few items missing the mark: fried wicked chicken wings were a bit bland and the individual cups of ramen soup were too salty. Beef tongue Shepard pie and dirty rice with sweetbreads tended to be dry with the meat underwhelming. Everything else was divine and worthy of five stars.. . - Prime rib was juicy and perfectly cooked to a point where sauce was not needed.  . . - Asian baby back ribs from Compart Duroc pigs were melt-off-the-bone delicious with a sweet glaze.. . - Individual servings of porcini risotto were rich and creamy - very strong mushroom flavor yet you still sense the texture of the rice so it's not mushy at all.. . - Seared salmon fillet on lentils, with the salmon being grilled perfectly, not overcooked like many other buffets.  Our 14-yr old niece had two!. . -I had the pasta and sausage dish, with the very wide noodles.  It was cooked al dente for sure, since you have just enough chew on the pasta - good texture contrast with the sausage.. . -Beef short rib on polenta was fork tender and full of flavor.  The polenta was buttery and very decadent.. . - Scallops with coconut-lemongrass(?) sauce was one of their smaller dishes, but was refreshing and light.. . - Green veggies (water spinach with garlic,  broccolini with pine nuts and red pepper, and green beans with mustard and bacon) were all flavorful and cooked really well I think.. . - Lastly the desserts were all good - a feast for the eyes as well with artistic preparations.  They had these cute, mini chocolate waffle cones with dark chocolate cream sauce and chocolate toppings that can be enjoyed in one bite.  Also, this amazing sweet potato flan that had elements of spiciness and sweetness.    They have a standard chocolate cup with chocolate pudding and filled with blue, black, and raspberries that was good (eat it quick since the chocolate leaks as soon as it reaches your plate).  They also have a huge gelato stand with lots of flavors to choose - but here the line was too long, so maybe next time.. . Would definitely come back - this LV buffet does cater to foodies who are willing to try less conventional, innovative cuisine.  Everything is very clean and nicely presented and the ambiance and service top notch.
One of the best buffets I have been to in Vegas.  The idea of individual sized serving is brilliant.  You don't waste a lot of food and you just get a good enough portion to know whether or not you want seconds.  . . Some highlights (from what I can remember):. - braised short ribs. - prime rib. - crab legs (already cracked open). - ceviche (small servings in shot glasses). - dessert bar
Not a big buffet person, but kudos to Wicked Spoon for putting out their foods in smaller portions. A food waster like me who justlikes to try one bite of each thing, this made me feel less guilty not eating everything.. . The lines can be quite long, however, our group of 7 only waited about 30 minutes on a Saturday night. Because it was a "holiday weekend", they upped the charge to $45 a person. Quite pricey, and definitley not worth it for me. No difference in food, except the cashier mentioned there was turkey.. . We sat at a high table which made it a bit tougher to get in and out, but appreciated the decor and set up of this place.. . Buffets are a waste of $ for me, as I don't indulge in prime rib and crab legs like the majority of people. However, my girlfriends said the prime rib was one of the best they had (not just at a buffet), and enjoyed the crab legs.. . I sampled just about everything except for the meats. There is an Asian station with LA Kalbi, various meats with veggies, but I only wanted to try their salt and pepper calamari. Waited nearly 10 minutes for it, but it was worth it. You get about 3 pieces in a little cute frying basket. They were typical calamari, but good to have as part of the meal. The sushi here is absolutely terrible. The rice is overcooked and hard, possibly from staying out so long.. . They had a variety of meats and cheeses, that I enjoyed, although I wish there was some bread or crackers to enjoy it with. Their clam chowder was really good too. My favorite of course was the pizza, which are tiny slices, perfect for me. There was a french onion, sausage and veggie, and a margherita. All very tasty. The stromboli was really good too.. . Their shrimp and grits, although looks really good, the grits were way too salty for me. I was super bummed they didn't have the bone marrow everyone raved about, and was dissapointed with the mac and cheese station. Although it's really cool to have any type of protein, veggie, and cheese in your mac and cheese, it was just typical orecchietta pasta, pan cooked with pasta and meats. Very heavy, and a larger portion than I had expected.. . Their dessert station was sub-par, but did enjoy the choices of having a scoop of gelato. Had 3 different kinds, and the coffee was my favorite.. . Unfortunately, our waitress was MIA the whole night. We got our drinks in the beginning, and over an hour later, we had to flag her down for a refill.. . Overall, a decent experience. Glad I tried it, but I'd definitley rather have 9 Earl Sandwiches for the price of this buffet.
Is the Cosmopolitan Hotel and anything inside it still considered "trendy" at this point in time?. Definitely.. . Is the Wicked Spoon Buffet therefore overrated?. Possibly.. . Did I nevertheless stuff myself to the gills the last time I came here?. Of course!. . And is the Wicked Mac 'n Cheese really as good as everyone says it is?. HELL. YES.. . $32 plus tip and tax for weekend brunch, or $41 with bottomless champagne.
Pros:. Has an amazing selection compared to every other buffet in Vegas; Asian, Italian,American it's all there.. The price is fair compared to other buffets. Waiters/Waitress' are very friendly. . Cons:. Line is a little long during Brunch hour
The line was reallllllly long when I get there, took me 45 mins to get in but it's great!!!! Nice place with great service! The Food is amazing, nth like Vegas buffet, it come with small pension, which is great ;) n the dessert is OMG + lol, lot of choice, time for me to lose so weight I guess
How can you go to Vegas and not go to at least one buffet?  It's sacrilegious.  It's a SIN not to be a glutton in Sin City at least once every time you visit.  . .  I fulfilled my buffet requirement at Wicked Spoon in what seems to be the new hip hotel to-be-at, Cosmopolitan.  We ate here twice, once for dinner -$37 and a second time for day after Christmas brunch -$35.. . So what makes Wicked Spoon buffet worth eating at?. . Buffets to me for the most part are similar. There's a little Mexican, Chinese, American, and other types food to choose from.  But lots of times when mass produced food is made, something is lost in the quality.  Buffets become more quantity than quality.  But Wicked Spoon in my opinion is very popular because the food keeps a nice level of quality and a few more items that wouldn't normally be seen at a buffet.  I'll name a few items I   tried:. . Prime Rib, Ham, Spaghetti & Meatballs, Mac & Cheese, Crab Legs, mashed potatoes, Pork Belly, Bone marrow, Wild boar sliders, salad, French Toast, Stir fried Shrimp, shrimp & grits, and gelato.. . The food is surprisingly good for a buffet.  It of course won't compare to a restaurant but at the same time when I go to a buffet, my reasons or goals for eating are different.  It's for variety of foods and amount for the money.  . . Wicked Spoon fulfills my buffet wants and needs in quality, freshness, andvariety.  A little lacking in the dessert department but I'm not real interested in dessert anyway.  . The service is friendly and keep the drinks coming.  . . So if you wish to avoid committing the outrageous violation of not eating at a buffet in Las Vegas, Wicked Spoon is a good choice.
This is probably the most creative of all the buffets, but dishes are hit or miss.  There are two main things that differentiate this buffet from most of the other "nice" buffets in Vegas.   . . 1. Exotic Ingredients/Creative Pairings. 2. Portioned Servings. . If you consider yourself a foodie or an adventurous eater, you'll want to give Wicked Spoon a try.  Where else can you get Sweetbread Dirty Rice (not bad), Fried Oysters (pretty good), Crab Legs, Braised Short Rib over Creamy Polenta (very good), Wild Mushroom Risotto (tasted great, but they need to cook the rice an extra 15 minutes, a few grains were still gritty), Butternut Squash Raviolis with Duck Confit (surprisingly too doughy, not enough butternut squash taste, and not good), and Bone Marrow?  . . I went for dinner.  The day you go they'll probably have totally different dishes.  They have your standards, like a well seasoned tender prime rib.  They have a build your own mac 'n' cheese station.  The Asian foods, like the sushi look unappealing.  They have quality cheeses, like St Agur Blue Cheese (Or was it Stilton? I forget), really good shrimp ceviche.  The night I went they did not have the sweet potato fry station up and running.  The food variety is all over the place, just stay away from the Asian foods.  . . I'm a fan of their portioned servings.  No, they aren't trying to restrict how much us piggies want to eat, because really, how much food can one piggy eat?  Things like risotto get served in their own cute little stainless steel cooking pot.  If you love the dish, sure you can grab two or three pots for your plate, but if you just want to taste some, the portioned servings are perfect.  How I see it is... it saves you from over spooning and overeating, when your efforts can be better spent on other dishes.  . . Alcohol here is extra (not like the free beer and wine bar at the Studio B Buffet @ M Hotel). . . What you cannot pass up is the dessert bar.  Want to make a girl happy?  Bring her here!  Vegas has stepped up the dessert bars over the years with Wynn, M Hotel, and now the Cosmopolitan.  They have macarons!  The French kind!  Like salted caramel and passionfruit macarons!  There's an expansive gelato bar (looked like maybe 16 flavors?) that is a must sample.  Jumbo chocolate dipped strawberries, covered in nuts.  Mini tiramisus.  Red velvet cookies.  The dessert bar is probably the most impressive part of the overall buffet... there's no better way to tap out!  . . Best buffet?  It's pretty close.  I still think I like Wynn's buffet the best, with Studio B and Wicked Spoon running neck and neck depending on what you prefer that day.  All of those are way ahead of Bellagio's buffet.  I have not tried the new Caesars' buffet, so I can't compare it to that.
We have eaten here twice. First time was good. This time was great. I think the food has improved a bit. They have a strong offering of meats, seafood, fruits, desserts, and Chinese food. There seems to be a lot of British-influenced food. For the price, you will have a very satisfying meal. It is pretty laid back in the restaurant. Service at the table is mediocre because the servers are dealing with a lot of people. Caesar's used to be my favorite - because the decor is a bit fresher and lighter than the somewhat scarey Halloween inspired orange and purplish interior of Wicked Spoon - but this food is certainly on par and probably a little superior in variety. Between the two I would be happy at either and would probably just go to the one that was most convenient at the time.
I had their buffet brunch (weekday) which was very reasonably priced - I think it was $23? And this included a complimentary mimosa/bloody mary.. . Everything was really good except oddly enough - I wished the portions were smaller. I know - who complains abut that?! But since everything tasted so good, I wanted to sample everything without wasting food.
Wow, we have a lot of fans for this buffet.  I'm giving them 4 for special selections that they serve here as compared to other buffets.  Not that much of a wider selection, but some different eats.  . . We came here when they just opened up for the evening.  The wait wasn't that long, perhaps maybe about 30 minutes in that line.  PS get your players card and get $5 off your already expensive buffet.  . . I was a bit disappointed because I kept reading in the reviews to try the bone marrow.  haha, not a huge fan of that, but if its at a buffet and in these yelp reviews, I have to try it.  We got in right when they opened, but they were already out.  booooo.  . . So different eats that was yum was the beef tongue shepard's pie, the mac and cheese station customized to your liking, deep fried oysters and calamari.  Had some what of an Asian twist for those that eat that.  What was neat is that most of those eats were already prepared in small dishes for you to just grab rather than scoop up traditionally in a buffet. . . Of course I finished up with snow crab legs, thankfully it doesn't get too messy because it is presliced so the meat is exposed. . . Desserts-best part of dessert was the ice cream to pair up with whatever pastry you wanted.  :). . I'll come back if I'm being treated again haha
I love the Cosmo, so why not give the buffet a try.  Arrived at 8:30 am which was perfect because it was dead.  Paid $9 extra for AYCD mimosas and bloody Mary's.  Easily drank our money's worth, but I am a buffets best friend, I get one plate and I'm done.  I enjoy that they have small, separated portions, so that your food isn't running into each other.  Had to try the Mac n cheese, and that was probably the best thing I had.  The biscuits n gravy was also yummy.  I think the Wynn buffet is prettier, you don't feel like you are at a buffet, but the service was really good at WS and our waiter even sent us with a to-go drink.
This was the nicest buffet I have been to in Vegas. I have tried MGM, Excalibur and Luxor buffet before, but this one is a different world. I have to warn you though, it was a long wait but totally worth it. If you have a Marriott credit card you can skip the line. The food is amazing. The chef has spent  time on each recipe for each food and each have a very good taste. The portions are like bites which is nice for a buffet and you get to taste everything. The design of the buffet is also very nice. I'm just giving it 4 starts because I had a sick stomach after it for two days which is probably because of having a lunch portion that was much bigger than my usual meal. But overall totally worth the $35 and highly recommended.
I would say 5 stars for concept, 3.5 for taste... So I'm averaging to 4...for our dinner here. If you are in the cosmopolitan id say pick this place over jaleo if you happen to be deciding between the two. . . Obviously much different than other buffets of heaping piles of food. Great small plate presentation but obviously not the variety you'd see at other buffets.  Now the only other buffet I have done is the Wynn so I can't compare to other big ones like caesers or bellagio.... . I would say that the Asian section was quite sad.. The salt and pepper calamari were really the only thing that looked appetizing besides the Korean short ribs. . . I was sad that many of the small played dishes were cold when I got to my table which was sad since we got there right at 5 when dinner opened. . . Some standouts to us; BBQ shrimp and grits, the custom Mac and cheese station (goat cheese!), ceviche, The prime rib truffle panini, the duck confi ravioli, beef tongue Shepards pie, and sweet potato flan and  the tiramisu cup desserts. . These fell short: soggy fried chicken wings, gnocchi that tasted good but was cold, Asian section as I said before, trout salad was blah, the braised shortrib and polenta was a little bland.... . I would have liked to have seen more fish... I felt that shrimp was very present.... . Very cool that for $9 u can get all you can drink wine which we didn't but I liked the idea.. . I probably won't do dinner here again but I may be tempted to try out the brunch.. Cool atmosphere and chandeliers.
After reading great reviews I was super excited to try this place out.  For some reason, I was expecting Michelin-rated food in a non-buffet environment.  With very high expectations, I was disappointed in the quality of the food.  People keep reminding me though that it's a buffet- mass produced quantities of food.  After considering this, I'm raising my rating. I like how the majority ofthe selections were pre-plated in individual bowls/plates.  My pet peeve at buffets is when dishes all meld together.  . . I'm a bread and cheese person and loved their selection.  Writing this review a month later, nothing else stands out in my mind.  Nothing was inedible, but um-memorable either.  Wish I would have tried the more unique dishes like the bone marrow.  Next Vegas trip, I would probably do this buffet again.
3.5. . -Presentation was fabulous and so appealing! . -Ample amount of seating and very comfortable.. -Got in line 45 minutes before they opened at 5pm was worthwhile because we waited less than an hour to get seated. . -Offered $9.99 for unlimited house red and white wines. Had a taste of both and opted out..not tasty and didn't compliment my meal.. -Bone marrow for the first time.. . Most of the dishes tasted alright. With the presentation, I thought it was going to be SO DELICIOUS, but on the contrary it was below par. Bellagio and Wynn are friendlier to my taste buds. . . My favorite part of the meal was my mango-passionfruit sorbet and the thai tea ice cream.
after hearing all the hype,  i see now why it gets talked about so much!. . im not a big Vegas buffet connoisseur so maybe i have no idea what im talking about.. . i like how they served a lot of items individually, and might i add very adorably, plated.. . items of note:. . - asiago gnocci. - sweet potatoes with marshmallows. - mashed potatoes. (^ umm i think i just like potatoes? LOL). - pizza variety. - gelato bar. - gigantic chocolate dipped strawberries. - mini apple cobblers. AND the $9 extra for unlimited champagne, mimosas, or bloody marys. . they just kept bringing them over. that could get dangerous! id go again. epscially for their spuds clearly.
I have never wanted to try a Las Vegas buffet as much as I wanted to go to Wicked Spoon.  The concept of individualized containers and high-end items really appealed to me. After a couple of failed attempts and massively long lines, I got my chance.  . . The individualized containers were all that I could have ever hoped for.  Little ramekins, bowls, and cups of pasta, meats, and salads were so cute and portioned for grazing.  Those containers also made handling a plate really difficult since you could never put more than 2-3 containers on a plate at any one time. . . A major disappointment was how quickly Wicked Spoon ran out of "the good stuff."  Someone walking out of the buffet at the end of his lunch warned me that they had run out of both salmon and bone marrow.  When I returned for the first seating of dinner, they were still out of bone marrow.  I managed to try the salmon and beluga lentil dish, which was delicious.  They one measly plate of macarons which I later discovered they had no intent of refilling.  They udon noodle bar never seemed to have any noodles.  . . I enjoyed the prime rib, fried oysters, gelato bar, marshallows, kale salad, and variety.  It was very heavy in carbs - lots and lots of pizzas and filling pastas as per buffet usual but they were well-done too.  . . My major gripe was that it didn't seem luxurious or interesting enough.  No bone-marrow, sweetbreads, lamb chops, macarons, rilletes, pork belly, xiao lung bao, all of which I saw in other yelp photos.  One of the more unique items on our visit was the calves liver and onions.  Just because it's offal doesn't make liver and onions a desirable dish! . . It's still up there as an interesting and delicious buffet but at $42 dinner and $37 lunch plus the long lines...just know what you're getting yourself into.
It costs $40 for dinner but it is worth it!!!!!!!!. . THis is by far the best buffet i've had in Vegas. Everything is made with care, the portions are small so you sample a variety, and the best thing is that they have a gelato bar!!!!!. . Also, they don't degrade their buffet by offering lots of carbs e.g. mashed potatoes, garlic bread, etc - no sireeee! It's packed with rare meats like wild boar, duck confit, ribs cooked 3 ways, etc. . . Go early around 6:30pm for dinner if you want to beat the line.
Wicked Spoon certainly delivers as a certifiable delish buffet! While dining, I pondered to myself, will I give this joint 4 or 5 stars? Ultimately the decision came down to this: several food choices were like ohhhhhmahhhhhgoshhhh good but other items were just okay good (make sense???). Since I'm being stingy with my 5 stars, I felt like in order to qualify for an absolute "rave" review, every bite of every sampling needed to be like heaven in my mouth, and it wasn't. . . Highlights!. -Mashed potatoes. -Braised Short ribs. -Chicken wings in a basket. -Moltan Chocolate Cake in caramel sauce. . Yummmmmm. Good brunch in my awesome hotel :)
Two words: Portion Controlled! Everything is in mini portions so that you're able to try everything there. Food was really good. I liked how it was different from other Vegas Buffets. Such as FRIED CALAMARI and FRIED OYSTERS! That was definitely one of my favorites there. It's different and they were actually pretty good. Crispy when I got them and not soggy at all. The bone marrow was oily and not much flavor to them, so I didn't enjoy them as much. The desserts were delish! Nutella Flavored ice cream! The duck dish was alright, not oily, but definitely tasty. I've tried so many things, but I can't list them off the top of my head. I don't usually go back to a buffet unless they're good, but this is one of the ones I'd return to and trust me I've been to almost all the buffets in Vegas. . . There was no line when we arrived there, but it was also during the week. One star knocked off for the service. The bus boys didn't clean up our table as quick as I would like. Esp w/ the small portions they give in seperate dishes, baskets and all takes up more room so our table was cluttered. Other than that, the food was good.
Nice Ambience. Nice Pricing. Nice Food. Worth going more than once. . I wanted to give them 5/5 stars but I took 1 star away for not serving crab legs!!
So many different varieties of food, fruits and DESSERTS! The setting was very nice, pricing was reasonable, nice ambience, overall everyone should at least try it once when you're in vegas.
Since we were in Vegas, we had to do all the vegas-y things. We went to the casinos, saw a show, watched the Billassio fountain and ate some good food. But no one wanted to go for a buffet. So my husband and I ditched the group to go see what these fabulous Vegas buffets are about. Since we had no experience with a buffet in Vegas, we went with the best rated one on Yelp,  the Wicked Spoon. There was a short line to get in, about 15 to 20 minutes. As soon as we were seated we were offered drinks, juice, etc. and we hit the buffet. . . They had a little of everything from a variety of salads to sushi to mac n cheese. The sushi was quite awful. I took one piece of the California roll and another of the shrimp tempura roll. I suppose you can't expect it to be great when it's been sitting in a buffet tray and has not been made fresh. . . Moving along, I tried a little of a few salads, the one which had pickled beets in it was delicious, but the rest were only so-so. They had a decent selection of charcuterie but I wish they had a list of names for both the meats and the cheeses. The hard salami was very nice, and I think they had some smoked pancetta, which was out of this world. They also had a very nice Edam (at least I think it was an Edam). The duck confit ravioli was tasty, the chinese spare ribs were excellent (we got seconds), the triple cheese mac n cheese was ok. All the other meats were a little on the dry side, including the roast beef and some kind of chicken. The bone marrow dish was interesting but not a wow. The fried calamari was pretty much like popcorn chicken from KFC but with calamari. . . The desserts though, oooooh, all these stars are for their desserts. When you walk around the little dessert section it doesn't look like much, but I filled up two plates just taking one of each thing, and I didn't touch the gelatos. There was no place for gelatos when you get all these little interesting mini desserts. They had a guava fudge, which doesn't sound very good, but was really tasty. A variety of little fruit tarts, a chocolate moose cone and chocolate moose cake. The peach melba was tasty, as was the mini apple pie and the molten chocolate cake. They had a dark chocolate bark which was interesting, I think it had almonds in it.  I can't remember too much else, but there was one dessert that had caramel and candied walnuts, I wish I could remember the name, but I do remember going back and getting two more of those. . . All in all, its a fabulous experience. The next time I go to a Vegas buffet though, I'm starting with the desserts and the cheeses, and then maybe having a little real food.
3.5 stars. This was the 3rd buffet in a row or something like that and I was getting a little sick of buffets. Came here with 7 other people for lunch on a weekday.. . I don't remember that much but overall I was very happy with the meat, fruit, and dessert selection.. . Service is a little bit slow but there was a lot of people to deal with so understandable.
Went over Thanksgiving weekend. The place different and fresh. Doesn't have hundreds of choices like many of the Vegas buffets. However, quality versus quantity is the key. Meats are very good and the desert bar is delicious. Worth the visit.
Although selection isn't as good as bacchanal's. But! its pretty good for what they have.. decent selection from american/european/asian. nom nom.. . not to mention they have bone marrow.
BUFFET!. . All you can eat, gourmet buffet?  Meh.  All you can drink mimosas for $9/person?  Sign me up!  The foods unbelievable (for a buffet).  Did I mention all you can drink mimosas?. . P.S.  The line is wicked long.  Get it? "Wicked long".  It's the WICKED spoon.  But seriously, the line gets pretty long.  Plan on waiting.
The first time I came here was for lunch and I wasn't impressed. However, when I came back during another trip for dinner, I was much happier. While it is annoying that all their individual servings come in all these mini pots/platters/bowls that end up monopolizing your valuable plate real estate, I do appreciate the effort to make everything special. On this particular trip I really liked the cook-to-order seafood station where I got some delicious clams. If there are stations like that when you go, definitely take advantage of it and get in line before the rush!. . Tip: Go right in the middle of the afternoon when they open for dinner. Beware that they close for about an hour between lunch and dinner service so don't show up during that gap. I believe it's around 3-4 or something. Having an early dinner at 4ish is great because you can take your time, it won't be too crowded, and you can digest somewhat before hitting the clubs at night.
Great food, nothing was bad.
I went on a Saturday night around 8:30pm and the wait was minimal (maybe 2 people in front of me). It was, however, the middle of January. I suspect the wait would have been worse in July. The price for two was around $80, which isn't bad at all for a Saturday night dinner.. . I found the quality of the food to be pretty high, and the truffled scalloped potatoes were amazing. Since I've cut back to eating meat only once/week, I focused only on the vegetarian selections and I found them to be a bit lacking in number and variety. It wasn't awful, and I did get full - but my dining companion didn't like as many of the dishes that were available. He had to fill up on dessert. Side note - Wynn has vegan and vegetarian options at all their restaurants, so if you prefer that sort of thing, you might be better served there.. . Service was generally friendly and the restaurant was very clean. However, my dining companion was a bit upset that the macaroni and cheese bar guy used a dirty shrimp utensil to stir his meat-free mac and cheese. If you have food allergies, you might want to avoid this place since they clearly don't train their staff to avoid cross-contamination. My mom is allergic to shrimp, so something like this would have been more than just an "eww" for her.. . I would probably go back in the future if I was over there, but I wouldn't take a cab and make a trip there just for the buffet.
Good value and a good selection. I would definitely recommend it. The Nutella gelato is absolutely wonderful.
Descent buffet, clean utensils, and helpful staff. . Our server accidentally gave our table to another customer while we were trying to get our food but they seated us right away and gave us complimentary mimosa for the inconvenience.
The buffet is pricey, but if you plan to drink, getting the bottomless mimosas/bloody mary's for $9 isn't a bad deal! Get there early because at noon on a Saturday there was a line out the door just to pay for the buffet and then another line to be seated. I don't normally do buffets mainly because the quality of food at such a high quantity is so low. But in this case, I didn't feel that way. I was lucky to get to try a little of most everything, so here is my try at reviewing the various items:. Beet salad: 5 stars. Amazing. Fresh, light and so flavorful. . Kale salad: 4 stars. Also very flavorful, but I think there was too much salt. Pumpkin seeds were a great addition.. Mac & Cheese: 3 stars. We were not able to choose which cheese we wanted (which I read in a few reviews) and the flavor just was not great.. Pizza: 3 stars. Banh Mi: 4 stars. Cutely presented, little tiny buns with a peice of meat and carrots, etc. inside. Really tasty. . Sushi: 3 stars. I don't expect too much from a buffet though. Not fresh fish.. Sliced meat (Beef): 1 star. Gamey and not tasty.. Roasted Chicken, lamb: 4 stars. Really flavorful.. Desserts: 5 stars. Gelato bar, fresh chocolate molten lava cake with caramel sauce, fresh flan, chocolate covered strawberries, little cheesecakes, . Bottomless Mimosas: The server kept bringing me a fresh glass filled with a poincetta (champagne & cranberry juice) right as I finished my glass. Was wonderful!. I will be back fo sho!
My friends and I ate here while we were in Vegas.  It's a big pricey, but you definitely get your money's worth.  The food was very good and there was a wide variety.  We were at the table for 2.5 hours and they didn't complain.  My only complaint is that sometimes it took a long time for them to bring drinks to us.
A bit pricy, but very very good.  If it were maybe $5 cheaper, I'd probably give it 5 stars.
Came here for Brunch on a Sunday (during a three day weekend, I might add) with 13 other friends. The wait? Almost none, just had to wait for the rest of the party to come to be seated. . . About $40 for tax and tip for brunch buffet (without the all you can drink champagne) is a pretty good deal for the quality food that was served! Yums. I loved the little portions that everything was served in and took bites out of everything (my friends & I started sharing after a while..). . My favorites included:. Shrimp Cocktail - Served in cute little shot glasses. Cheese & Salami. Eggs Benedict. Macarons - Not sure which flavor, but still delicious. Gelato - I tried the Passionfruit Mango. Peach cobbler - Still warms in the little serving pan. Lamb Shoulder. Smoked Salmon. Bacon - perfectly crisped. . Other items (which ranged from good to meh) included:. Ribs . Apple Smoked Sausage. Chocolate Covered Strawberries - I didn't particularly like the oreo crumbs, but still good.. Fried chicken. Short Ribs. Yogurt Parfait - With blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries, yum.. Lemon garlic shrimp - . Sushi - Not much selection and too much rice. Calamari - A little bit too salty for my taste. Crab Cakes. Ravioli. Angry Mac&Cheese. Salad - There was not much selection during this time. . There was A LOT more food that I cannot think of. Quality buffet for a good tripto Vegas, especially for brunch. It also wasn't too crowded either, which was a plus! The best part about the whole buffet, as always to me, was the dessert selection and display. Mouth watering and drooling. The service was also really good, checking up on us often for drinks. Not saying I go to buffets too often (I probably have been to quite a few in Vegas - Rio, Bellagio, the cheap one in The Orleans), but this one was pretty good. Also might be hyped up since it was the end of a great Vegas trip, but doesn't hurt to try!
Easily the best buffet on the Strip. Was a little surprised at the number of options for dinner, I just was expecting more - but everything was delicious! The redeeming factor for Wicked Spoon was the desserts! The gelato, cake pops, and chocolate covered strawberries were to die for. . . The wait staff was also incredibly attentive. You've got to check out this buffet if you can only go to one.
I do have to downgrade. Here are my reasons: . . The buffet is not that well organized. Sausage and bacon is nowhere near the egg station. Pastas are strewn about the joint. Nothing is really in a collection except for the fruits and salad and cheese sections. . . Service was not that great the last time I went. Yes it was busy, but I would appreciate a refill on my OJ here and there. . . The food is still good and a good value for all the culinary explorations here, but I wouldn't give it 5 stars again.
definitely my favorite buffet thus far. the first time i went was for dinner and there wasnt a single thing i didn't like. the second time i went was also for dinner and the staff didn't really seem like that had it together. some of their stations were low on food and didn't really seem like it would have been restocked any time soon. i'm not sure if it was a two hour time difference or just an off day, but the food that i did eat was still good.
Absolutely delightful. The Wicked Spoon Buffet serves their food in a way that doesn't make you feel like you're at a buffet. Their presentation is beautiful. Individual servings on small plates, in little cast irons, and all that jazz. . . Now for the food: everything I tried was amazing. Flavorful and delicious. Their salads, veggies, and meat are all cooked in a way that seems like it's meant for a sit down restaurant. . . The mac and cheese was really good :) OH an the deserts were really good too. Chocolate covered strawberries...? Who doesn't love 'em.
I came here on a Sunday for Brunch and It was pretty fancy buffet. Be prepared to wait in a line. Their mimosas were really good. Only thing I wished they had a better selection, some stuff did not look attracting except their pastries all look tasty. Or maybe I just did not have a appetite because I was hungover....
One of the better buffets in Vegas. The pricing is very reasonable. I keep coming back everytime I come to Vegas
This buffet is a culinary delight. I didn't think that was possible but here it is. And I agree with others that the portions are excellent. . . Lots of yummy dishes and great desserts! Standouts were the hand-made pastas and their meat sauces, the mac and cheese station, and the grits. I loved the chocolate cones, topped with chocolate (and I'm not a chocolate fan).. . I stayed away from the Asian food, after reading other reviews, and unfortunately the leg of lamb was dry. There were only 2 cooked veggie dishes -- that were not very good. But the Wicked Spoon more than makes up for it with an enormous selection of other dishes to feast on.. . If you are looking for exquisite meat and carbs, you are in the right place!
I came here with 8 people in our party an hour before lunch ended, and man, the line was pretty darn long even though it was almost 3pm.. I've been to Wynn Buffet and the the Bacchanal Buffet, and I'd rank it #2/#3 side by side next to Wynn. Even though we arrived there pretty late into the afternoon, all the main entrees were still available till a certain time. It was pretty darn good. But, I got to say their desserts are the BEST. The line for the desserts was the longest, but it was well worth it when I had their gelato assortments! Yummy to the tummy!. Oh, and the service was a bit slow (taking our plates). It might've been because our party had 8 people, but then again, there weren't that many people eating by the time we were there. Meh.
As usual we enjoyed the innovative dishes at this LV buffet.  Everyone in our party of seven found something to like, and everyone agreed this buffet experience was unique.. . I came here a few months ago.  The dishes that were mediocre last time were surprisingly good this time around.  Beef tongue Shepards pie was hot, buttery and very tender.  Snow crab legs were sweet and tasted fresh, without excess salt.. . Other winners were asian green beans sauteed with xo sauce and scallops. Savory without being salty.  Roast leg of lamb was juicy, as were the Duroc pork baby backs.  . . One new dish that was really good was the Mediterranean grilled octopus salad.  The olives, onions, and very soft octopus chunks were a real palate cleanser, very refreshing.  It went well with a side of beet salad which added some sweetness.. . Desserts excellent as usual.  I had about eight of those little chocolate cones and half a cup of pistachio gelato.  Down it with some of their house black coffee and I'd say the meal is complete!. . The positives of our dinner far outweighed the negatives.  It's hard for a buffet to execute everything well.  BTW I gave the calf liver a try but it didn't agree with me :(
Just tried Wicked Spoon and was pleasantly surprised. There were just so many mixed reviews that I didn't know what to expect. A major plus was that there was no line when we went at 6:45pm on a Friday evening. The restaurant was about 60% full when we arrived and 85% full when we left, but even when we left at around 8, there still wasn't a line. Having waited an hour and a half at Bacchanal during a previous trip, I can say I was very happy that we didn't have to wait at all at Wicked Spoon.. . The good:. - Prime rib. Amazing. And unlike Bacchanal, they actually have horseradish.. - Service was great. Everyone was friendly, which is more than I can say about a certain meat carver at Bacchanal.. - The desserts were delicious. The thai tea gelato was wonderful, the molten chocolate cake was yummy, and nearly everything else was commendable.. - They have a make-your-own-risotto station. I've never heard of anything like it, and it was actually surprisingly good.. . . The bad:. - I was hoping that everyone's hating on the macarons was exaggerated. But while nicely decorated, the macarons were the single most awful thing at Wicked Spoon. The cookies were clearly overbaked, and it just didn't taste right. =(. - The scalloped potatoes were not done correctly.. . While the selection at Wicked Spoon does not have the breadth or the depth of Bacchanal, I actually prefer Wicked Spoon. The experience was better, and I was not let down even a little bit. Additionally, as Wicked Spoon is $40/person for dinner, it made for a better deal than Bacchanal, which is $50.
Great presentation of food! Very imaginative and creative with a LARGE array of different cuisine! We each had about 3 plates and were overly satisfied with everything to choose from! If you are heading to vegas, you have to hit this place up!
The Wicked Spoon is by far my favorite hotel/casino buffet.. . I'm a sucker for miniature small things in their own little packages.  The little pots, pans, and plates are just adorable! Beyond the food presentation and aesthetics though, the food is high quality for a buffet and actually quite tasty. . . The location of the buffet is kind of odd though, but the whole Cosmopolitan is kind of odd.  I just remember it took a lot of walking to get to, but it was definitely worth it.  We went around 6-7PM on a weeknight and the wait wasn't long at all, probably less than 5 minutes.. . We opted for the wine special that night to compliment our dinner.  The selection was adequate for a buffet; I mean, it's a buffet.  Our plates were cleared promptly and the service was attentive and cordial.  Oh, and they had bone marrow. YUM.. . I would definitely go back and whenever out-of-towners ask which buffet to go to, I always recommend Wicked Spoon.  Everyone has their own favorite, but this buffet is mine.. . Date night seal of approval!
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Granted I haven't been to EVERY single one... but based it deserves it because of the food!. . The first time I went I actually got there right BEFORE it reopened for dinner... aka very short line! When it did open (which was in like 5 minutes), we got seated in another 5 minutes. So that was awesome :). . This place could even get 5 stars... but I'll play it safe and give it 4 because there are a few key "cons..." even though I think the pros WAY outweigh the cons.. . Pros:. I love the plating and presentation. Desserts are on point. VEAL SLIDERS-- I could not stop eating these. I think I had 4 (which is a lot for a buffet). SHRIMP & GRITS-- They were served in the cutest little mini pots. I LOVE shrimp and grits and they had some of the best I've had!. . Cons:. Long wait-- as long as it's less than hour it'll be worth it. Pricey-- most well-known buffets are pricey. Smaller selection of food-- but the taste and quality of each food they DO have is amazing.
I came here for lunch last weekend. It was my first time there and the line didn't look too bad when we came around 12 for brunch. What we didn't realize that there was another line you stand in after you pay to get seated. My party was originally a party of 10 so we thought that if we split up our group we would be able to find a table quicker. FALSE it was actually much faster for us to get seated because they only had tables for parties of 10 available. The only catch was we had to pay 18% gratuity which wasn't a problem. The cashier was very nice and helped us figure everything out and let us all split our checks. We got seated 5-10mins after paying. . . The food was pretty freaking good even though I wasn't feel well I enjoyed most of my food. Next time I'm in town I'm definitely coming again but for dinner. The only thing that I didn't like was that at most buffets they have a lot of bus boys/bus girls who come by and take away our plates. It wasn't really like that here. We had so much stuff that wasn't take away stacked on top of each other. The funny thing was that we were seated next to the place where they put plates but no one came to our table.
This place is Phenomenal!!! Everything was to die for, nothing like any buffet food before. A foodie's heaven! A must stop for every future Vegas trip for me:) no line for us either...SCORE  Mac n cheese bar Korean kalbi ribs salted caramel peanut ice cream I could go on forever!
YUMMY! I recommend coming before or after the lunch rush because then you'll have to wait for a long time for a seat. Wicked spoon is one of those mandatory vegas food stops you must make for a complete experience!. . Macaroons are heavenly...
Just went to Vegas and stayed at the Cosmopolitan with three of my girlfriends this weekend. Vegas isn't a totally regular occurrence for us so we decided that, despite the fact that we weren't all that hungry Saturday night, we just HAD to suck it up and try the Wicked Spoon.. . Before I get to the food...let me just say, I have no idea why the most glorious secret in the world isn't posted in these reviews. Maybe no one knows about it? Maybe it's new? Maybe it's just this once or maybe people just want to cling to this secret but I feel like everyone should know. So the normal entry priceto the buffet is $40+ a person. However, for $18 a person (yes $18), you can do the To-Go option. This entails getting a large to- go box and a drink. The great part about the to-go box is that you get to take it into the buffet and fill it up all the way until your heart is content. Once you are done piling things on (remember, the lid doesn't have to close) you go back to the front and they give you your to-go bag, your drinks and your utensils. Voila! Best money saving technique of all time.. . The great part of this deal is also that you can taste test little parts on your plate while waiting to get to certain food areas. This method worked amazingly since we would pile 5-6 things on and be able to add things that we wanted more of or things we didn't yet have. Start with the softer foods and then work towards your denser proteins, fruits, and lastly desserts. The make your own risotto or mac n cheese bar is totally worth the wait, so go ahead and get some snacking food for the line because you can not leave without it. Warning...there are no vegetables at buffets. I know it sounds naive to say but all I wanted was some broccoli after these carb binge days in Vegas and I got nada. Pile on the desserts last! Luckily most of the desserts come in their own little plastic cups or are actually made out of chocolate cups! Can't tell you what it was exactly but the tiny cone waver with chocolate mousse inside was delicious. The cake pops and other desserts were delicious as well (really more beautiful than anything!) Stock up on those little white rice boxes as well, great munchie food for after the clubs or a late night out. I would definitely recommend hitting up this buffet and more so taking advantage of this sparsely discussed deal!
Agree with everyone on yelp; this is the only buffet you should go to on the strip.  We went for breakfast and ate so much, I made myself sick.  Dang, this ruined me for the next couple of days.  . . Though we were eating breakfast, they had a stack of short ribs on a grill that I couldn't resist and that was my doom, just couldn't stop.  Though we didn't try everything on the buffet, you can't go wrong here. . There is one bad thing we will not try again and that's the Bloody Mary and the Mimosa.  No flavor and probably the worst we had in Vegas
I'm definitely impressed!. . For an extra $10ish you can add on unlimited mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys for the Sunday brunch! Yes please, it pays for itself in 2 drinks! (I drank 4) Only bad thing is, I drank on an empty stomach and didn't feel at all buzz or drunk, so it means there's barely any alcohol in the Bloody Mary's! Still a great deal though!. . I suggest you try the korean short ribs, prime rib, eggs benedict, crab cakes, bone marrow, and their delicious desserts (mmmm chocolate covered strawberries!)! All their options were unique and really tasty. Their desserts have great options (except fresh fruit they need more) Definitely beats the Bellagio!
A great mix of very flavorful and unusual buffet foods. Great attitude, excellent table service and presentation.  I recommend going on a weekend as the food seems to sit a bit longer on weekdays.
The Wicked Spoon features an incredible selection of fairly refined dining food. Came in around 7pm in a party of 7. There was a 15 minute wait time. Finding this place in the hotel was a journey in itself.. . Non-alcoholic beverages are included in the price, $43 for dinner. Stations are spread out linearly. It takes quite awhile to work your way from one side of the buffet to the other, which just goes to show how extensive the selection was.. . What I tried (or at least what i remember trying). . Bone marrow - kinda bland, tastes like fat. Fried Chicken - nice baskets, skin could have been crispier, a little soggy but still good. Sweet potatoes. Short ribs - extremely tender and flavorful. Shrimp Cocktail. Duck Confit Ravioli. Fried Calamari. Salmon with Lentil salad - Excellent, perfectly cooked. Sheperd's Pie - Tasty. Crab Legs. Shrimp and Grits. Risotto - bland. Ceviche - bleh, not a fan. Sushi - bleh, rice sucks. Schwarma - not good, pita with chicken was dry. Sloppy Joes. Blood Orange Sherbert. Macarons. Thai Tea Gelato. . I liked how they served many of their dishes in individualized serving containers. It helped keep my food separate from each other when stacking everything on my plate. I managed to clear off 4 solid plates and was stuffed to the brim afterwards. I'll definitely be back whenever I visit Vegas again.
Awesome selection and loved the variety. Korean bbq was the bomb as well as the bacon. the desert  area was more than anyone could imagine. defiantly worth the long walk trough the cosmo.
Great buffet! The selection and uniqueness of foods here is great. We arrived at 10 on a Thursday for brunch. No wait and paid $52 for 2. We had everything from duck ravioli to sushi, eggs Benedict to Korean shortribs, caramelized onion and cheese hashbrowns, spicy Mac and cheese, fried chicken, bahn mi, espresso and lavender cheese... For desserts there were huge chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato, tiramisu, cheesecake, cake, marshmallows and more. The originality of this buffet really shows. It isn't your typical dishes that you find everywhere which we liked.
Thank you, Wicked Spoon:. For having an inventive selection that we sampled and sampled and sampled. For having courteous staff that are attentive to each table. For making us wish we didnt like chocolate so much. . Brunch was worth every penny after waking up and walking the 6.5 miles of the entire strip - looking to fill our tummies- and we were delighted with each bite,. Us
Yes, I'm a sucker for things that are cute and that is the reason why I'm a fan of the Wicked Spoon Buffet. The presentation of the food definitely appeals to me, everything is portioned off in its cute serving plates which makes picking your buffet items much more fun. The Hotel/Casino itself is very hip and trendy and I would love to come here again if and when I dobuffet in Vegas.
We went to wicked spoon for the brunch buffet. $24 per person was a reasonable price for the quality of food! The eggs Benedict was really good, great bacon, fruit & yogurt parfait and French toast! The fried chicken and Mac & cheese were awesome. The dessert bar was excellent as well. Try the peanut butter & caramel gelato! Well worth the price, this buffet is really fancy.
Located inside the Cosmopolitan. Very nice and friendly staff. The food was excellent. I like how they sliced the king crab legs lengthwise. I tried almost everything there and stopped at plate number 8. Of all the buffets that I've been to in Sin City, this is in the top 5. Will come here again without hesitation.
Different style than just the typical Buffet very similar to Bacchanal buffet except  Bacchanal has more variety of choices.. But I liked it!
Like their food presentations. Flavor is really good too! Their buffet spread is different than most buffets which I like.
Prime rib was probably the highlight of the buffet along with the dessert section.  Everyone loved the nutella gelato.  Peach cobbler was good but chocolate lava cake was disappointing.  . . The seafood selection could have been better.  The crab legs were really scrawny and cocktail shrimp was average.  the shrimp ceviche was unique and tasty.
Wicked spoon used to be my favorite buffet in vegas. But the quality has gone down while the price came up. It is still one of my top choices, but  no longer deserves a 5 star.
While in Vegas do what the Vegas people do and do it Buffet Style.  . . On a recommendation of a friend who comes to Vegas all the time, she told me the Wicked Spoon was the way to go for great variety of food for a reasonable price.  For two of us in early evening it was about $80 if I remember correctly.  Pretty decent price for a Vegas Buffet based on my research.. . The Buffet was more than one stomach could take on.  I needed five stomachs to eat everything I wanted to eat.  Too bad there's no stomach buying or stomach expanding kiosk in Vegas - and I thought Vegas had everything?  People lied to me!. . It's been a very long time since I've done a gourmet Buffet.  Times have definitely changed, instead of spooning out of a big dish, they create little dishes for you on most items.  Little cast iron skillets of potato au gratin, truffled mashed potato, lamb meatballs, seafood salad, fried rice with kaffir lime, mac and cheese, green beans, and everything else in between.  Plenty of variety for everyone to find something they love and could eat five servings of.  I found more than one item I could continue eating for a lifetime.  . . The desserts were too pretty to eat but I made an exception and ate them all anyway.  Ice creams, sorbets, mouse, cakes, chocolate covered strawberries, and I'm sure there's more I can't remember but by this time I had had multiple cocktails that put me into a buzzed state.  I still have dreams about this raspberry chocolate mouse thing that was delectable down to the last lick and yea I did lick the little glass clean - no shame here.  . . I don't know if I'd Buffet repeat since each new visit should include all new places and adventures but this one is a great Buffet choice for the masses.  Delicious!
In my opinion, second only to the Bacchanal.  Awesome decor, awesome prime rib and ice cream.  Poor fish selection (at least on my night) but bone marrow!  Yes!
Had a great dinner party tonight a Wicked Spoon thanks to our wonderful server Stephen! The food was great. My only criticism is that the wine upgrade  only included a choice of only one white or one red wine. That needs improvement. But thank you Stephen for the great service and great attitude.
For me to give a four-star review to a buffet is no small thing. I am firmly in the anti-buffet camp. I associate buffets with lots and lots of middling-at-best food that has been slightly desiccated by the heat lamps and germified by fellow patrons who ladled from the vats of mediocrity before you. In the face of so many unappetizing options, I shut down and eat about $2 worth of my $40 meal. Yeah, like I said, I am not a fan.. . Imagine my surprise when I accompanied my buffet-loving friend to Wicked Spoon on her birthday. We were immediately shown to our table - no wait! The dining room was well designed and sophisticated. The server who greeted us and took our drink order was on-point. When we ventured over to the buffet area, the sea of choices was staggering. From fresh kale salad to beef tongue shepherd's pie, I was impressed by the upscale take on standard fare. They also did not cheap out - there were heaps of crab legs, thoughtfully split for easier consumption, delicious prime rib, and many other protein options that I didn't get to sample. As others have mentioned, Wicked Spoon's "thing" seems to be individual portions in cute serving pieces (e.g., mini-bamboo steamers, mini-copper pots). I think this helps with the freshness and keeps you from overindulging on one item. . . There were a few standouts in our meal including the aforementioned shepherd's pie, the made-to-order macaroni n' cheese, the prime rib, and the humongous chocolate and candy-dipped strawberries. A few items to skip include the lamb meatballs with gnocchi, the duck ravioli in a weirdly paired butternut squash sauce, and the shu mai. . . Happy dining, Vegas peeps!
The food and service was great i just wish they had more seafood and better desserts.
As of today, I have dined here 7 times - 3x dinner, 4x lunch.. witnessing various changes to the selection.. . ::: [ FLAVOR ] ::: . . Standard buffets seem to focus heavily on selection/quantity. Better buffets seem to focus heavily on selection, quantity AND quality. Wicked Spoon might lose in the selection department over others, but focuses on quantity, quality, & one essential but oft overlooked criteria: FLAVOR. . . ::: [ TECHNIQUE ] :::. . Due to preparation of large batches, many buffets (including Wynn's, which I haven't been back to in 2+ yrs) tend to offer food with less desirable textures due to being left out for too long and/or imperfect cooking temperatures, Wicked Spoon rarely makes that mistake.. . ::: [ PRESENTATION ] ::: . . Perfectly portioned little bowls/plates. Reduces chance of cross-contamination by other guests and things being mixed around on your own plate. Maintains presentation - consistency in plating technique is a 3.5/5 - 4/5 depending on the station & dish.. . ::: [ SERVICE ] ::: . . Only experienced poor service 2 out of 7 times. Yesterday's visit was excellent - our server randomly checked up on us at least 4 times throughout our meal.. . ::: [ DRINKS ] ::: . . Wine & cocktails are available. They also have a selection of Coke products, juices, & ice tea. Don't forget to ask for coffee when you're ready to move on to dessert!. . ::: [ DIET-FRIENDLY FOOD ] ::: . . I've dieted while dining here twice and was able to get extremely full on less than 700 calories. Also, SUGAR-FREE DESSERTS! You can also request a cup of berries from the dessert station.. . ____________________________. . KEY:. (-) Skip This. (+) Try This. (++) Love This. . I have either 1.) never tried or 2.) feel indifferent towards the ones that have no symbol next to them. . ____________________________. . . DATE/TIME: MONDAY, MARCH 25, 2013 // 7:30PM. . ::: [ SAMPLE OF THE SPREAD AT DINNER ] :::. . . [ ASIAN ]. . Egg Drop Soup. Cabbage Salad. Wok Tossed Udon. Har Gau. Beef Stir Fry. Compart Duroc Pork Ribs (+). Korean Kalbi Short Ribs. Sushi. . [ ITALIAN ] . . Duck Ravioli (++). Italian Sausage Pappardelle (++). Spaghetti w/Smothered Cherry Tomatoes. Asiago Gnocchi w/Lamb Ragu (++) / sometimes chewy, good flavor. Braised Beef Short Rib w/Polenta (+). Margherita Pizza. Chicken Garlic Pizza. Sausage and Roasted Tomato. Prosciutto Stromboli (+). Prime Rib Pannini w/Truffle Aioli. Broccoli Rabe w/Pine Nuts & Garlic Roasted Red Peppers. Crispy Chicken Thighs w/Pancetta and Romanesco. . . [ MEAT ETC ]. . Shepherd's Pie (+) / too much potato. Truffle Potato. Potatoes au Gratin (++) / not there yest but usually. Creamed Spinach (+). Roasted Sweet Potato w/House-Made Marshmallow. Carnitas w/Black Bean & Salsa Fresca. Green Garlic Roasted Tomatoes. Potatoes O'Brien. Veal Sweetbreads "Dirty Rice" (-) / missing sweetbreads. Wicked Fried Chicken (-). Roasted Chicken. Prime Rib (+) / good quality & texture. Leg of Lamb. Bone Marrow (++). SAUCES: Au Jus, Chimichurri, Horseradish Cream, Red Onion Marmalade. . . [ RANDOM ]. . Wild Boar Sloppy Joe's (+). Citrus Glazed Salmon. BBQ Shrimp & White Cheddar Grits (+). Crab Legs (+). Crispy Corn Tacos. . . [ MAC AND CHEESE ]. . * This station is always either a Design-Your-Own Mac & Cheese or Shrimp Station.. . . [ COLD FOODS ]. . FRUITS: Bananas, Apples, Mandarin. Squid Chili Gochuchang (+). Egg and Candied Bacon Salad. Chopped Salad. Blistered Vegetable Panzanella. Smoked Trout Salad w/Frisee (++). Marinated Mushrooms w/Burrata & Foccacia. Shrimp Ceviche (+). Shrimp Cocktail. Deviled Eggs. White Bean and Tuna Crostini w/Truffle Oil & Parsley. Roasted Beet Salad w/Arugula, Goat Cheese, & Sherry Vinaigrette. Kale Salad (++). Bocconcini Salad. Roasted Garlic Soup. Soup Du Jour. Olives. Cold Cuts. Smoked Salmon (+). Pickled Cornichons (+). Maytag Bleu Cheese, Brie, Manchego, etc (+). Crunchy Pita Bread. Hummus. Tomato and Chickpea Salad. Baba Gannoush. Tabbouleh (+). Tzatziki (+). . . [ DESSERT ]. . Molten Chocolate Cake w/Caramel Sauce (+). Peach Cobbler (+). Chocolate Marshmallow. Fudge. Carrot Cake (+). Opera Cake (+). Cheesecake (+). Godiva Lolli Cakes. Freshly Baked Cookies: 4 Types. Sweet Potato Flan w/Toasted Marshmallow & Rosemary Shortbread (+). Gingerbread Shortcake w/Eggnog Whip Cream & Milk Chocolate Sauce. Chocolate Covered Strawberries. Smores Chocolate Pudding w/Graham Crackers & Melted Marshmallow (+). Caramel Apple Streusel Tart (+). Tiramisu Chocolate Cup (+). Chocolate Mousse Berries. Sugar Free Chocolate Custard w/Raspberry Compote (+). Low Sugar Vanilla Cream w/Blueberry Compote. Strawberry Gazpacho (+). . . [ DESSERT: GELATO + SORBET ]. . Mint Chocolate Crunch. Salted Peanut Caramel. Vanilla. Coffee White Chocolate (++) . Pistachio. Caramel Candy Bar. Almond Joy. Oreo. Thai Tea (++) . Nutella (++) . Tiramisu. Straciatella. Strawberry Balsamic. Raspberry Sorbet. Mango Passion Sorbet. Blood Orange Sorbet. Lemon Sorbet (+). Sugar Free Chocolate. . ____________________________. . . 3/27/13: Tried Bacchanal - amazing selection. Will still be returning to Wicked Spoon for my fave dishes, Bone Marrow, & better gelato. Crepes at Bacchanal, tho!
The food was very good, how ever I was expecting a little bit more. I was a little dissapointed in the desserts, which is what I was looking forward to the most. . However the mac n' cheese bar was amazing!! . I would recommend it.
Las Vegas is a city that does justice to a buffet.  If you really love this glutinous experience, you can buy a 24 hr buffet pass for about $50.  If you would rather go to one super high end buffet for about the same cost with bottomless mimosas, champagne and Bloody Marys, then Wicked Spoon is for you.  I had read reviews about epic waiting lines, my tip is to go early.  We were there for 9:30 am and walked right in, it was perfect.  We chose to pay $9 for bottomless bevvy's.  They definitely know how to treat you because within minutes our server came over with not one but 2 mimosas each.  We felt like kids in a candy store, there are so many dining options.  Their are light items to start with like yogurt and berries, salads, fruit, and bagels and lox.  After that you can progress into hot breakfast items like pancakes, omelets, bacon, and french toast.  After that they have more brunch type items like fried chicken, braised short ribs, polenta, gnocchi.  Finally you can go over to the dessert bar and pick up pastries or homemade gelato.  I had too many different items to go into detail about each, 90 percent were amazing, a few duds, but that is to be expected.  A few highlights were the smoked salmon, tomato salad with candied bacon, and the braised short rib on polenta.  . . Overall, with all of the options for buffets, i was so happy that i chose Wicked Spoon, the quality of ingredients is high end, and not only was there a lot of food, the options were modern and inventive.
I've eaten at the Wicked Spoon twice now. Once for dinner and once for breakfast/lunch service (get there a little after 10 to get breakfast, then stick around as they turn over for lunch service at 11). Great place to eat! Though not up to par with Belligio or Ceasar's buffets', the Wicked Spoon holds its own. They might have the best desserts on the strip. EVERYTHING I ate tasted good. Our server was nice and friendly, and like most Cosmo employees, she genuinely seemed to like her job! Not to mention at $20 for breakfast service, this place is pretty affordable. Go here!
One of the BEST buffets I've been to in a long time.  . . The macaroni and cheese station did it for me.  Not your box Kraft Mac n Cheese but real deal Cheesy Gooey Goodness!!!  Out of the meat add ins I chose to add shrimp. Mmm Mmm. . Some of the servings came served in small dishes which keeps the portion size under control as well as the germs from those handles being touched by hundreds or finger licked hands. Ugh!! . (Sorry, I'm a bit of a germaphobe). . The service was impeccable.  Everyone that worked there who passed our table whether they were serving our table or not spoke and made sure we were ok.  . . The water craft on the table I thought was a good idea giving me the impression that my water was filtered and sometimes room temperature water taste better then ice cold.. . The only thing I probably would have liked to see was an open bar, but all in all a great buffet and a wonderful experience.
Came here for lunch with the guys and was impressed at the quality of food prepared. Although the options seemed small in my perspective, the food was very delicious. I want more of that macaroni..... . Price wise, its vegas nothing is going to be cheap, but not impossible to eat here. . . Located at the Cosmopolitan hotel so make sure to hit up Marquee the night before and get a good grub on in the afternoon!
Wicked Spoon gets four stars from me for quality variety. Not just variety, but quality variety.. . It's nestled in the "back" of the Cosmopolitan. So I feel like it's in an overlooked spot in an overlooked casino? There are signs, but you'll need to follow them upstairs and through some hallways in order to reach Wicked Spoon. While it is out of the way, it's also not right off a casino floor, which is nice, a bit less hectic.. . It markets itself as a little more of a foodie buffet, and I think it's delivers. For Sunday brunch, they had things like gnocchi in tomato sauce, polenta with braised lamb, and wild mushroom risotto. There was their "wicked" fried chicken and mac & cheese (legitimately spicy, in the case of the mac & cheese), as well as a large buffet of cold cheeses and meats. Good shrimp dumplings and dry fried green beans were also available. While you could get "American" breakfast, I was uninterested in the face of their Italian and Asian counters. There's also several carving stations with good beef and pork options. I was stuffed by the time we got around to dessert, where there's a gelatto counter and dozens of small cakes, cookies, macaroons, and even bitter chocolate cakes, swimming in mini-cast iron skillets of caramel.. . For about $15 extra, you can get unlimited mimosas or bloody marys, which, we figured, meant we'd have to get two drinks over the course of the meal to break even. Easy deal when you consider the waiter was bringing two at a time for everyone at the table...we had a forest of mimosas by the end of the meal. So even if the drinks were a bit weak by reports, we had no problems getting them.. . Brunch ran me (sans alcohol option) about $38. Was it a lot for brunch? Maybe. But I'd never been to a buffet before, as most of my Vegas trips are for conferences where lunch is provided and we're away from the casino floors and restaurants during the day. And the food was very good with great variety. So I'm perfectly content. I would consider a return on a future visit if I was nearby.
Great choice! . . Atmosphere is classy but business casual. So many choices. Everything from prime rib paninis to spicy tuna rolls and everything in between. Dessert area was not as fabulous as the food selection. I have been twice and will return.
This is my second most liked buffet after The Buffet at the Wynn. I was able to dine here twice since the Cosmopolitan included two complementary breakfast/brunch at their Wicked Spoon with my two night stay. I came here both times on a weekday, so there were hardly any lines or any waiting anywhere within the restaurant. It was a very pleasant and relaxing dining experience where we were able to take our time and enjoy the moment.. . The decor and dining area is very attractive and chic. Very fitting with the overall theme of the Cosmopolitan. . . Our servers both times were very good. They frequently checked on us, pre-bussed our table, and refilled our drink as they made their rounds.. . I really like how almost everything was portioned out in their own individual little containers. It just seems a little more sanitary this way too. Food presentation is very good, and I thought the miniature chicken wing baskets were cute, as so the tiny stainless steel carton of coffee creamer. . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=GFP4g8w5ygjY1XWnM5UFuw. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=Jwc-jgYN6M1GiMzNDNOQrw. . The selection here isn't as large as some Vegas buffets, but it makes up in quality and creativity. They have all the standard American breakfast items, as well as a good selection of creative items that you would expect for brunch. I personally liked the variety of salads and a huge assortment of desserts.. . I had brunch here on the first day and breakfast on the second, so I can comment anything on what dinner is like. The only difference I noticed between both visits was the dessert station. I noticed that breakfast focused more on pastries and Danishes. In contrast, brunch focused more on actual desserts like macrons, cookies, and cakes. Gelato was available both times with 18 different flavors to choose from, so I was very happy.. . I really enjoyed the food for the most part and thought the overall quality was good. Although there were some items that seemed a little dried out from sitting around too long, however I won't hold that against them. This is something that can't be avoided at any buffet, where the food is made in large batches and made ahead of time. The omelets on the other hand, are made to order and are good.  Having dinner here is on my To-Do list, the next time I'm in Vegas.
On the recommendation of my brother, we had went to the Wynn Buffet in mid March 2013.  He had been to a bunch of buffets in Las Vegas, but personally thought that the Wynn Buffet was the best.. . Overall, I think this is better than the Wynn Buffet.  And my wife and I really really enjoyed that buffet as well.  But this was better.  The decor was more open and modern.  Most of the other buffets in Las Vegas feel like a diner.  In terms of food, we loved that a lot of the items were pre-portioned in individual mini-cups or mini-bowls.  This added a lot to the clean and sleek presentation of the buffet as a whole.  And it also helped us from overeating so that we were able to try pretty much everything at the buffet.. . The food itself was great.  Most of the meats were cooked well, and there was a lot of variety to what they served, from wild boar to Australian Wagyu.  And the desert section was a little more varied and tasty than at the Wynn.
First time bf and I came to this place we didn't have a good experience. That was partly our fault because it was about 10-15 minutes before closing. It was also partly Wicked Spoon's fault because the cashiers notified us that we would still have about 15 minutes to go up to the buffet section and get all of our food. . . BUT, after we paid and sat down. We approached the buffet section to find that 70% of the food was already put/thrown away!! What a disappointment considering that we paid about $50 per person (holidays around christmas/newyears). I did get my hand on some delicious dessert! We should have complained to managers on duty that night but decided not to. . . I believe the next day, the bf wanted to go back since Yelp Reviews were good..and because we didn't really get to try everything the buffet had to offer. When we went back, the line was super long! We waited for about 1-1.5 hour in line.. . This time, the buffet was fully stocked. I got to eat plenty of crab legs and a whole lot of dessert! The marshmallows were so delicious, they basically melted in your mouth! Strawberries dipped in chocolate covered in toffee were also excellent! I think I hate at least 10 of them. They also offered macarons which were just okay in my opinion.. . I also witnessed a manager/supervisor on duty yell at a Mexican/Latino employee/waiter because some leftover food fell on the floor where they bring all the dirty dishes to. felt bad for the guy =(
We came at 11:30am on a Friday.  Got lucky - no wait to pay or be seated. Brunch was $24/adult, $16/child up to 12 y.o.. We have a few picky eaters among us, but the selections pleased everyone.  Roast sirloin, Bahn mi (pork sandwich), Korean squid salad, bacon mashed potatoes, and green beans were our favorites.  I would have liked a bit more variety of fruit (saw only pineapple and grapes) considering this is a brunch.  The mango sorbet (one of the best I've had), coffee and tiramisu gelatos topped off a very satisfying meal.  Modern decor, nice atmosphere, efficient service.  Not an inexpensive meal, but a good value.
4 star only cuz it is a buffet. For a buffet it is 5 star all the way. The food is awesome.   Braised short ribs are ridiculously good, prime rib was awesome, nothing is truly not worth the stomach space. . . Of course it is pricey but no worse that any others in buffett, but way way better
This place has become one of our buffet stops.  I absolutely love the smoked salmon!. Service is actually pretty good.  We like to go for brunch.  The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that they keep burning or over cooking the Kalbi.  It is my most favorite thing ever, food wise, and had been over cooked every time we have been.
Very good buffet. Love the small portions (so you can eat more -- but I'm sure for them it's more of a waste control issue). We went on a Tuesday around 10:45am. There was no line and plenty of tables. The $9 bottomless mimosa/bloody Mary/champagne option is a great deal but, they do give you one free glass included in your brunch price and they have a special on four square for an additional free drink. It's a great value all around. I just wish I didn't eat so much!
Brunch was good, had dinner here last time. The food was good quality, not a lot of variety though. They have an omelet station where they have chefs making any omelet you want. Service is good, servers are friendly, just wish they had more items to choose from.
So.... You are at the Cosmo. Expect it to be expensive and decadent. But then again, you are in Vegas at the City Center! What more could you ask for? AYCE Bone Marrow perhaps? Gelatto? Seafood? Fancy salads? Pappardelle? This place serves it up. I advise arriving right when they open so you can avoid waiting in line for hours.. I like this place because it keeps my portions on check. As stated by Cathy C, they use the pre-plated method. This system enables you to try everything without feeling like your plate is covered with glop's of food. Great for a gobble monster like myself. I adore the salad section. Don't get me wrong, I love my proteins, but found myself going back to the greens. I feel like they use minimal salt so that you can season to taste. The chimichurri sauce at the carving station is pretty flavorful though. Fair warning! Your breath will not smell so heavenly after eating the chimichurri!. I think what you have to keep in mind is that you're not only paying for the upper echelon of buffets. You are also paying for the experience. Your first point of contact is the hostess who rings up your bill and another hostess who takes you to your table- both accommodating, happy and super nice. Every waiter I've had goes above and beyond the norm. Now, if you would rather be left alone to eat in peace and rather not spend the $cA-chiNg$ for a higher end all you can eat.... Well, then this is not the place for you my friend.
My girlfriend would always try to get me to go eat here but we would never find the time. . . It wasn't until our last trip to Vegas that we decided to make time. Besides, we stayed at Vdara which is right next door to Cosmo so it wasn't too much of a hassle.. . The wait at 1:30pm on a Saturday was surprisingly pretty short. A total of 45 minutes and we (table of 6) were sat and ready to eat. The buffet wasn't dissapointing, but didn't really have a huge wow factor either. Some few things that surprised me were the bone marrow and the angry mac n cheese. Those were yummy and to be honest, I wasn't really expecting bone marrow to be offered in any buffet. I just assumed that was some traditional home-made leftover food that families would make! Some people complain about it being bland...to which I say - you're eating bone marrow. It's not BBQ ribs (they also had kalbi ribs if flavor is what you want). Enjoy it how it is!. . But what about the dessert bar? Surely that's what people really want when they go to buffets, right? I wasn't disappointed at all. Endless sweet & juicy chocolate strawberries, 10-12 varieties of gelato, and macaroons? :drool: . . The downside to my experience was the server only came back once or twice and it was only for a split second at a time. We didn't even have time to ask him for refills on our drinks. He finally came back with refills when we were finishing our dessert and was getting ready to leave. Thanks BRO. . Regardless, I will definitely be back. It's different than the run-of-the-mill buffets on the strip and it still has a solid price range to warrant coming back.
I utterly loathe buffets.  Seriously, I really hate buffets.  I originally came here just to appease my boyfriend who is an avid buffet fan.  I wanted to hate it, I really did, but I just can't get myself to hate the Wicked Spoon.  . . Maybe it's because there was no wait when I went.  Maybe it's because our server was fantastic.  Or maybe it's because the food was just really good.  The spread itself wasn't as vast as other larger buffets, but each and every dish I tried was delicious.  . . The desserts were amazing as well.  There was this salted peanut butter gelato that was incredibly addicting.  I would have to say that the dessert section really stole the show.
It was a good experience dining here.Nice hip atmosphere and friendly service.. Great selection of dishes from seafood,beef,poultry,pasta etc. The desserts are to die for .. place is huge. you can get lost going back and forth from your table to the buffet area.. price for two was $50+tax+tip. Price is for weekday brunch.
I loved the small"tapas" style portions here.  The quality of food seemed to be much better than your traditional buffet.  We came for a late lunch (around 1:45pm) and the buffet was $24 per person.  They had lots of great breakfast items a long with a great carving station.  The only thing I was not a fan of was the Asian food.  The har gow was obviously old and have been sitting as the skin on the har gow as hard as a rock.  Service was a bit spotty and our waitress would disappear for 10-15 minutes at time  I would most likely come back and give it another try.
We came here for dinner while staying at the cosmopolitan hotel. The place is clean, hip, and big! The food is fresh and tasty. The options are ordinary for buffet though. We got there around 8:30pm mad were told that they are closing around 9:30 pm... Obviously, many dishes are no longer available, only few sushi piece left, no fish dishes, or king crab legs.... The desert on the other hand is very tasty... A lot of chocolate... . . The reason I give this place 4 star is for the cleanliness, quality, and their desert bar!. Would recommend to come early so that you can get all variety of dishes!. $41 + tips per person for dinner is quite hefty!
We came here for dinner while staying at the cosmopolitan hotel. The place is clean, hip, and big! The food is fresh and tasty. The options are ordinary for buffet though. We got there around 8:30pm mad were told that they are closing around 9:30 pm... Obviously, many dishes are no longer available, only few sushi piece left, no fish dishes, or king crab legs.... The desert on the other hand is very tasty... A lot of chocolate... . . The reason I give this place 4 star is for the cleanliness, quality, and their desert bar!. Would recommend to come early so that you can get all variety of dishes!. $41 + tips per person for dinner is quite hefty!. . Update to my last review:. . Lunch is better! $25 per person with almost the same selections as dinner in addition to breakfast fare such as personalized omelet, bagels, smoke salmon, pastries etc.  . The food is quality with a punch of taste! We went back twice for brunch!
I've heard so much about this place being the best buffet in town and how Caesars took a lot of the inspiration from Wicked Spoon, I gotta say it didn't "Wow" me as much as I thought.. . The staff here is very friendly, our waitress addressed my party and the table next to ours by first name which was impressive (I'm horrible with names!).  The only slip-up she had was taking a little longer for a refill, but she apologized, no biggie as we had ample water at the table.. . Onto the food:. . So by now you've heard Wicked Spoon does something different, they don't have large spoons to serve out of a tray, but individual portions you grab (in small pots and bowls).  I like this concept as it allows you to take only a small portion and sample other things.  I almost feel like I need a plastic tray and not a plate though, because you rarely spoon out food onto a plate, you just need something for all the pans.. . I tried a lot of stuff (which I'm not going to mention).  Part of me expected slightly more selection, or maybe what they did have was just not to my liking... A few highlights were: the cold cuts, Italian station, shepherds pie.. . The best part was hands down the dessert, and honestly why this place gets a 4th star for the price.  I got cookies, gelato, rice crispy treats, chocolate covered strawberry's peanut butter bars and they had even more things!. . As far as best buffet in town, I give it to Caesars, although this was dinner and I've only been there for breakfast.  I don't know if dinner is worth the 30+ they want here IMO.... especially when I can get a good quality buffet at Red Rock for $13.99.
What can I say, you are at a buffet which means it is your duty to indulge. Now if you are like me, I would much rather indulge in my senses, slowly savoring all the flavors and taking tiny bites so you can try a little bit of everything. This is all in theory of course because what actually happened is quite a different story. We had to wait in line for 2 hours, it felt so long because I was honestly so starving. I noticed by around 2pm, the line was super short so I think it might be a good idea to come around then. . . The food was nicely displayed and the dining area is of course nothing less than the extravagance that is expected in Vegas. I nibbled my way through the food from unique salads to meats to the Asian foods. It was all very very good, but I did not think it was outstanding in any way. Overall, the food offerings simmered but did not boil with the exception of a few dishes which stood out for me. However, I think the desserts were extremely tasty! I don't know why but the chocolate rice crispy really stood out to me. I have no idea why I liked it so much but I kinda wish I started with that because I was too full by dessert so I could only manage 2 bites of it. . . Overall, recommend. Relax and enjoy, feast away! Oh! random side note, the milk for our coffee was in this mini tin metal milk carton, I appreciate that since I'm asuper fan of random cute things.
Came for Sunday brunch...walked away a very satisfied customer. This place is one of the best buffets my wife and I have ever been to. LOVED the little plates since they allowed us to try almost everything in smaller portions. Flavors were fresh and unique, and there was something for every type of eater - even picky ones! The dessert island was also quite impressive, especially the gelato! The only reason this place gets a 4 and not a 5 is due to the service - took quite a while to get our drinks, and a little slower on clearing plates between rounds (likely due to how busy the place was). Would DEFINITELY return, absolutely worth the $$!!
I like this place but still love the Wynn and The M more.  Liked the small portions.  The bone marrow made the trip worth while.
amazing food!  worth $40? not sure about that
We ate here with friends after they saw Wicked Spoon on the Travel Channel.  I read reviews saying there were long lines and up to a 2 hour wait, but on a Saturday night at about 5:30 pm (we went early before an 8pm show), there was no line at all.  . . For $41/person (or $50 if you want unlimited red or white house wine), you get a wide variety of delicious "small plates".  My guy got the unlimited wine, but the server was not very attentive, so we really paid $9 for two glasses of wine.  Not terrible, but still, we were there long enough that she should have at least offered a refill 4 times. . . The food was mostly fabulous! Almost everything is in a small bowl, cup, plate, Chinese take out box, pot or pan.  Very cute presentation.  Bone Marrow! I've never had bone marrow, but it was delicious! Duck Ravioli with a delicious creamy sauce; Fried Mozzarella Risotto Balls; Wild Boar Sloppy Joe Sliders; shot glasses with shrimp cocktail and ceviche; a wide variety of special salads (I had the roasted beet salad - yum!).  Seared salmon with parsnip puree, BBQ shrimp with white cheddar grits.  They also had a fabulous fruit, cheese, and charcuterie display.  Delicious Maytag bleu cheese, brie, something semi-hard with a coating of espresso, prosciutto, olives, marinated fancy mushrooms with focaccia and burrata cheese; hand pulled and rolled mozzarella.  My mouth is watering just recounting all the delicousness!. . There was also buffet basics, like chilled crab legs (same as almost any buffet) and prime rib (delicious!)  They also have a wide array of desserts, with a huge selection of sorbet and gelato. Best, creamiest, loveliest gelato I've ever tasted! . . Overall, a great deal for amazing tastes.  You definitely have to try Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan!
I'd been looking forward to trying this unique buffet and wasn't disappointed. The food was great and I had the chance to try at least 10 thing that I'd never tasted before and would never think to order in a restaurant (like cevice and shrimp and grits for example). The mac and cheese bar was great too.. . WICKED SPOON is a fraction of the size of other buffets, which is fine for the food part, but the desert offerings were underwhelming.... . We got there at 8:30 and they told us "last call for food is at 9:15".  we noticed they shut the lights down even on the desert table at 9:15--which is where people were finishing up (and plenty were still eating). We were pretty much done by then but It felt pushy and cheap that they'd shut down desert at the same time as the rest of the buffet.
Had some difficulty deciding between this or Bacchanal - for $9 less I got a meal that I thoroughly enjoyed that kept me full the entire day (and we got there at 10:30am for Saturday brunch!). . Highlights: angry mac 'n cheese, fried chicken, amazing salad bar, and dessert.. . There were a variety of meats at the carving station, with more choices appearing overall after 11am such as bone marrow and more Asian items like dim sum, a creative take on a banh mi (bao style), roast pork w/ crispy skin, Korean short ribs. I wouldn't waste any stomach space on sushi though. The rolls were fine but nothing spectacular and the snapper nigiri was a little flavorless.. . As others have mentioned, the pre-portioned servings were cute and helpful. If you're a super light eater like me, I would recommend still sharing 1 portion to start. I say this because by the time I got around to the dessert table my stomach was in overflow mode and it's sad I couldn't eat more than a couple chocolate covered strawberries. There was only 1 flavor of macaron there (mango) but it was made better/more properly than many bakeries I've been to. There is also a gelato stand, and we tried the salted caramel peanut and Thai tea flavors. Both great, but Thai tea was my favorite. If only it was sold in stores..... . I admit it was a little pricier than I intended to spend ($33pp), but I didn't need any food for the rest of the day. So overall, not a bad deal!
O.k. so this place was good, but was it $41 good? I don't know. . .  The food was good and the presentation was amazing but I was actually a little disappointed. The food did not taste that fresh (especially the sushi) and the dessert bar was definitely lacking (no creme brulee).  Some of the positives were the mac and cheese station where you can pick your own mac, cheese and toppings, the full Gelato bar and my favorite. . . bone marrow.  Yup, that's right.  They have halved bones, cooked and seasoned perfectly, for you to enjoy.  It's like eating the fattiest, juiciest piece of prime rib fat you can imagine.  I know, I know. It sounds kinda gross but you gotta try at least one.   . . Here's the best unexpected bonus for this buffet.  There's a chef behind the seafood station that will actually steam your crab legs for you (after you have selected them from the frozen bar).  It's quick and you end up with warm crab legs.  It was unexpected but oh so pleasant. Enjoy.
Ummm, where else can I find a buffet that serves mini portions of delicious tasting pabulums?!?. . This place has got the high end kind of food. They have duck confit, the best sushi selections, oh and their DESSERTS! I love how they are tiny in portions so that you can try a little bit of everything and always have room for more! Some of the desserts were macarons, Godiva incorporated sweets, Strawberry Balsamic ice cream was so bomb! I liked how creative and pretty they designed their dishes, too. It's sort of on the pricier side. $40/person at night but I think it's worth it since the quality is there. Always a treat to come by here when you're in Vegas, so save all your appetite for this upscale buffet!
Located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, it's one of the better buffets in Vegas. They have the usual buffet fare, great selection of hot items, desserts, and seafood. Good service, great decor, good ambiance, no complaints here.
Im gluten Free and was able to find a lot of food I could eat. WOW massive and lots of choices. You cant go wrong eating here. I was a fan. The food is fresh and tasty
I was very excited to check out The Wicked Spoon. It was smaller than I had imagined but The food was very good- Not your average Buffet fare.. . Highlights:. Prime rib with Horseradish. BBQ Shrimp with Creamy grits. Kale, cranberry, and almond salad-Love the vinaigrette dressing!. Blue cheese wedge salad. . Desserts were good. The Thai Iced tea ice cream was not as good as i had hoped but the Salted Peanut caramel ice cream made up for it!
We went there for brunch for $37 a person with tax it goes to $40 dollars even.  I have to admit the service was great as the people gave us our drinks and then cleaned our table as soon as we got more food.  They service bone marrow, kalbi beef, chicken sausage and all the trimmings. It was very good, they do have an omelet station, wished i tried it, but was too lazy to wait.  Pretty big, the quality of food was great and dessert was good.  Great buffet, not so sure for $40 a head, but lot of variety which is nice.
Price: $40/person, dinner. . We were initially intrigued because of the hype that surrounded the Wicked Spoon buffet. It was our first night in Vegas, coming from a 4-ish hour drive with nothing but dunkin donut munchkin for snacks, so we were pretty hungry when we got there.. . The Good: Let's start with the atmosphere, over all it was great, seats were nicely spaced out you can still talk about vegas mischiefs without your neighbor hearing it. The "buffet" and trays are widely distributed so people don't flock in at one spot. . . The dishes are separately served in dainty little containers, or at least most of it. It's literally a grab and go sort of feat, which is also more sanitary because you wouldn't worry about serving wares being held by strangers with their vegas hands and then accidentally falling into the food tray, yes I'm a health freak like that. . . Non alcoholic drinks come with the buffet price, pretty much a standard for vegas buffets. If you have foursquare, you can check in and they give you a free glass off champagne. I told my server I didn't have one, the boyfriend did but his phone's dead. She gave me a free glass of mimosa anyway. Plates were quickly cleaned out as soon as you stand up for another round of serving. Gold star for service. . . I enjoyed most of the things I got which was the shrimp cocktail, spaghetti and meatballs, salad bar items, bone marrow, seasoned tomato, and mashed potatoes. In a tween's world. I think these items would be described as very nomnom.. . The bad: if you're a seafood person, this wouldn't be the place for you they only had a couple of sushi items, that didn't look eu so fresh, I decided to skip it and save me from a possible stomach problem. Their sushi had thin slices of shrimp it was mostly rice in their. Over all, I would skip the Asian side of the buffet, the egg drop soup was bland, chow mein was bordering on salty. . . There isn't a whole lot of choices for dessert, cookies, flavored marshmallows, the star for me was the exotic white chocolate mousse. Their gelato was smooth and creamy, however I wish it wasn't served in hot dessert bowls it melted in an instant obviously.. . The Ugly: Gnochhi. Try it if you want but man was that just... bad. . . Overall for $40 it's not bad (Vegas prices) if you're really hungry then why the hell not. Would I recommend it, sure. However if you're a seafood person just looking for a stuffed tummy you might want to consider other places. Or you may even want to try places from household name restaurateurs in the strip.
I am usually devoted to the Wynn Las Vegas Buffet, "The Buffet."  However, I am curious about trying alternatives.  I really like the Wicked Spoon buffet.  I am a huge fan of "good presentations" of food (perhaps that is one reason I like Apple products, but that is another story for another day).  Even before tasting the food, I fell in love with the way that the food is presented.  It just has a fun, approachable, and good natured vibe to the way that the food is presented.  To me, the small things matter a lot.  I also like the fact that this buffet likes to use creativity by adding items to the menu that are not found at other buffets, such as the bone marrow (which I normally would never order, and which even now, I still have mixed feelings about, but I did relish the opportunity to try it).  I like the angry Mac and Cheese, Korean kalbi ribs, salad, chicken pizza, prime rib, etc, etc.  I think they could use some practice on the sushi.  I had the spicy Maki roll, but it didn't have much flavor.  I like that the environment itself was also "upscale and chic" and decidedly modern in style.
My favorite was the tacos and chocolate covered strawberries. For a buffet our service was phenomenal.
I've never experienced a buffet like this one.  It is truly unique.  . . Have you ever been to a 5 star restaurant?  One of those fancy places where you pay $30 for some amazing culinary delight that comes beautifully arranged on a plate the size of a thumbnail?  Great, now picture that that place was $35 per person and all you can eat, and you get the Wicked Spoon.  . . Every item on their buffet line is individually plated to give you that 5 star dining experience, but the restaurant is set up buffet style, so you can select whichever plates look tempting, and try it all...as much as you care to eat.  . . We've eaten there 6 or 7 times, and have never had a bad experience.  Their desserts are delightful, their mac & cheese bar is awesome, and their whipped potatoes are some of the best I've ever eaten.  My wife loves that they serve bone marrow (which is really hard to find) and that they have really high quality sushi.  . . The atmosphere is upscale but not anywhere near black tie.  I wouldn't be comfortable there in shorts and a tee shirt, but business casual is appropriate.  The seats are very comfortable and spaced so you aren't sitting on top of the table next to you.  The noise level is not at all hushed, but it is quiet enough to easily carry on a conversation with those at your table.  Their wine selection is much better than you'd find at a normal buffet, but nothing that would draw in a true vinophile.  . . If you are looking for a traditional buffet, this is not your place - but if you are in the mood for something a bit more upscale, Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo offers a spectacular evening that will bring a tear to the eye of any foodie.
One would think that after a night of gambling losses and drunken debauchery in Vegas, the LAST thing you'd want to do is throw down some more bones on a buffet brunch. Well, if you keep thinking like that you'll be dead soon. Medical science has proven it. What's worse, you'll have died without getting the opportunity to gorge yourself on the gastronomic feast -- and excellent hangover cure -- that is Wicked Spoon.. . I found myself in that very same scenario recently. I was staying at Aria and I met some friends down at Mandalay Bay for a "pub crawl" of casinos, where we stay at each resort long enough to enjoy two drinks before moving to the next one. By the time we got to Monte Carlo we were hammered. And I started chatting to this Canadian cheerleader at the BlackJack table. We took some tequila shots and had a cartwheel competition. Shortly after that I blacked out*. . The following day I awoke to a phone ringing. A guy I know who lives locally was waiting for me at the Cosmopolitan so we could grab brunch. I forgot we'd made plans. I was in no mood to eat, but I couldn't cancel at the last minute, so I rinsed off and brushed my teeth and trudged over to meet him. He brought me to the Wicked Spoon, and spent the next three-plus hours stuffing our faces. I love the individual servings you can grab instead of having to pile mountains of unrelated foodstuffs on your plate. And there were breads, and meats, and mac and cheeses, eggs in little skillets, french toast, huevos rancheros...and then suddenly we went back up to refill our plates and (gasp) the menu had changed to lunch. So we got to eat even MORE food in addition to the already disgusting amount of breakfast we'd put away. There were pastas, and gnocchi, and brussels sprouts, and different mac and cheeses, and more meats. Before we left, natch, we had to have dessert too. Chocolate chip cookie sandwiches filled with gelato. It was gluttony plain and simple, and I loved every delicious bite.. . * It turns out what happened was I went back to the cheerleader's room with her, and stayed there for a few hours, but passed out on the bathroom floor before I could seal the deal. She rifled through my jacket for my phone and used it to call the last number I'd dialed (which luckily was my roommate) and he came and fetched me and took me back to my room. Apparently in the whole ordeal took some amount of time, because she called my roommate later to complain that I'd made her miss her flight back to Canada.. . My mom was right. I really am a catch!
Really nice selections at this buffet, and good value for the price. Came here for lunch with some girlfriends, and loved the individual portions. It really does help with avoiding eating too much of one thing, so you can try all of it (well, not quite). Also, it means you can get a lot more plates because only 3 or 4 little dishes fit on a plate :). . Overall, food was fresh, dessert was good, and the waiters taking your drink orders were very helpful (who's importance is definitely not to be underestimated!). A very nice layout and pretty setting too.
After much research into finding a good buffet in Vegas, I found the Wicked Spoon. I had read some horror stories about other buffets, so I was pretty picky about where we ate on our first trip to Vegas. This buffet did not disappoint.. . First of all, it is expensive. $80 for two people, but that did include all you can eat and soft drinks. The buffet was the most high end I have ever been to. It had appetizers which included a variety of salads, a meat and cheese spread, shrimp cocktail and more. The main course dishes went on forever. Crab legs, bone marrow, lobster claws, mac and cheese bar, fried chicken, sweet potato mash, Korean short ribs, pizza, I could go on and on and on. My absolute favorite thing by far was the gnocchi. It was quite possibly the best gnocchi I have ever had, the sauce was fantastic, the gnocchi was perfect, soft and cooked to perfection. I would go back and only have that every single time. The dessert section also seemed to have an extraordinary amount of variety. Puddings, gelato, cake, pie, cheesecake, cookies, rice pudding, and my favorite, enormous chocolate covered strawberries dipped in Heath bar or Reese cups. Again, if all they served was gnocchi and those strawberries, I would pay for it time and time again.. . Overall it was a great experience, our server was great, she kept our table clear and our drinks full. It wasn't super busy when we were there, but I can imagine it would get a little crazy if it would be busier. I recommend an early dinner or late lunch because when we finished by 6:30p or so, people were pouring in. It's a place you must try, but you won't ever look at another buffet the same way!
Dinner here was about 40 per person and it was pretty worth it. Their portions were REALLY filling though; a lot of the portions came with sides, like their meats would have mashed potatoes or something on the bottom so I ended feeling like I wasted a lot of food because I couldn't possibly finish everything I got! The dessert too, oh man, it looks sooooo good but I don't think there was anything that really stood out for me. It was pretty good overall, and service was good too.
Great buffet.  Food was very nicely made too.  Much higher quality than other places I have tried like Paris, Bellagio, even M hotel.  However m hotel was much more worth it for the price especially when it includes drinks.  Still...I would come back to this buffet again for the quality of food but I suggest throwing in a glass of wine with the price :)
There was nothing unfair or harsh about the round silverware at this buffet. Frankly, I don't understand the name, unless someone from New England had a hand in coming up with it. Then I sort of get it. But still. I think the name Hella Spoon sounds better.. . I came here with two friends on the second day of an eight day road trip. It was the day after Easter Sunday. That means it was a Tuesday. It was around one in the afternoon. There was a small line and I wasn't intimidated by the multiple rows of velvet ropes.. . I don't know if I would go back. It was about 16 miles away from the front door of the Cosmo. I was exhausted by the time I got there. I had to walk by all of theseweird sculptures. I don't know. I don't know.. . The food was very good and as you can probably tell from the other reviews, it is a cut above some of the other Las Vegas buffets. We checked in using FourSquare and got some free champagne, and then none of us wanted to drink any of it. So that was a waste.. . Hella waste.
I'm not a buffet person, I just don't eat enough to make the cost worth it. However, the Wicked Spoon was worth it. They have small plates that encourage you to eat a little bit of everything. Also, they have  a ton a healthy, interesting salads that I just loved. They had a beet salad, a egg and bacon salad, an octopus salad. Loved it! They also had a "cheese plate" selection with Stilton cheese, brie, more with grapes. Yummy. My husband loved their roasted tomatoes with Korean beef. Oh and I almost forgot they have King Crab legs. OMG delicious and fresh tasting. . Their desserts were okay, but I was so fully by then it didn't really matter :)
4.5 stars.  This is my new favorite buffet in LV.  Their offerings are just creative enough to keep me coming back but not too creative that it's too foreign to me and turns me off.  I love that they serve many of their dishes as individually portioned items.  I loved their braised short ribs w/ creamy polenta, kale salad, mango mousse/ daquoise, korean bbq short ribs/galbi, korean spicy octopus, tomato salad, slab bacon, yogurt and fruit parfait, raspberry and chocolate tart, and their pistachio gelato.  Brunch is $28 a person.. . Other important info: no seafood (cocktail shrimp, oysters, crab legs), vast gelato selection, individually portioned items, fresh, clean, don't forget to try their mango mousse/ daquoise, and offers take-out for $18.
Had dinner here on a Tuesday night and we were seated immediately.  Service was great - drinks brought out quickly, plates cleared efficiently and waitress was very pleasant. We enjoyed how everything was pre-portioned out in cute individual servings dishes, which included tiny fry baskets and tiny pots. Good selection of seafood, veggies and pastas.  They also had crab legs which were pre-split in half lengthwise, which made it nice & easy to get the crab meat out.  I also had a good share of the bone marrow, which was also split in half lengthwise for easy access.  The tiny slice of margherita pizza was surprisingly good - but they ran out by the time I made my 2nd go-around. Be sure to save room for the large dessert selection.  My favorite desserts were the macarons, the gelato and the giant chocolate covered strawberries.  They had a large gelato selection with flavors ranging from pistachio, chocolate & berries.  However, the panna cotta was more like a pudding and not at all like panna cotta, but at least it wasn't overly sweet.  My one complaint is that the hot foods seemed to cool down really quickly.  Everything I ate seemed to be room temperature by the time I sat down, which makes me wonder how hot they are keeping everything.. I would recommend this buffet for everyone at least once.  The various salads were unique and well plated, there was a large variety of different types of food and the restaurant was well laid out and decorated nicely.
OMG the best buffet I have ever been toooooooooooooo.  The gelato deserts are a great end to anamazing meal. . . They have small plates of food which is a great way of having different tastes and then eating more then one.  . . They have great options for seafood, breakfast and vegi options too which is what I enjoy the most.  The food is gourmet and I have been back several times already.  . . When I go to Las Vegas, I have to go to Wicked Spoon too.
Most items are in individual serving bowls/plates/pots. Very cute concept and smart so that you do not get more than you need. My faves were the short rib over polenta and the figs. They have tons of desserts and gelato! The strawberry balsamic was the best. I would definitely go back.
This may be the best buffet I've ever been to. Amazing selection of food, from crab legs to taco bar to fried chicken. The real standout here was the Mac and cheese bar. Choose from three different cheeses, along with bacon, steak, shrimp, scallions, tomatoes, and more. The chef making the Mac and cheese was super accommodating to special requests and seemed to really enjoy his job. This buffet gets high marks also for presentation. I loved the little individualized portions of everything, and as a germ freak appreciated that I didn't have to use the same sticky ladles that everyone else had been touching. Two small complaints that keep this from a five star review: the service was not too friendly and the dessert bar, while extensive, didn't really have too much that impressed me. With that being said I would definitely return for that Mac and cheese bar alone!!
As a Marriott Platinum, the front of the line privileges (and the free breakfast buffet for two if you choose that option) really save some major time in line. The food diversity is everything you would expect out of a high end Las Vegas buffet. Great service and staff. Only four stars because there was simply no "wow" factor - otherwise, a great place to dine for either brunch or dinner!
Wicked Spoon isn't bad at all for a buffet. It averages $30/person. They have a good variety in entree choices but it's their dessert selection that makes this place good.. . If you're a big seafood person, then this may not be the buffet for you because there isn't a big seafood area with crab legs spilling over, shrimp and mussels.  However, they do come out with other unique dishes. And there is what seems like an endless choice in desserts. I loved their chocolate covered strawberries, macaroons, cheesecake bites and gelato. . . Another plus about Wicked Spoon is that most of their selections come in individually portioned plates since that makes it less messy and so you aren't picking around at food that other people touched.
I built up so much anticipation before trying the Wicked Spoon, and it definitely did not disappoint! We came for brunch on a slow Friday, so there was no line at all. Going into a buffet of this size, you definitely need a strategy. I tried to avoid filling up on carbs like french toast that I could eat anywhere else. I loved that a lot of dishes were pre-portioned into manageable sizes that allowed me to try a little bit of everything!. . Starting out on the appetizers, they have a great selection of salads, cheeses, and cold dishes. I probably had 3 of the mini parfaits because yogurt, granola, and fruit is one of my favorite combinations. However, the stand outs are really the main dishes. The fried chicken comes in a cute little frying dispenser. Usually I am not a huge fan of fried foods, but the way this chicken fried was perfection. The skin was crispy and well-seasoned, but not too oily. The meat inside was tender and cooked just right. I also loved the gnocchi that was served in its own little pot. Made out of sweet potato, the gnocchi's texture was nice and chewy. The sauce was delicious and not overwhelmingly creamy, which would've made the dish too heavy. In the Asian section, I loved the papaya salad because it provided a light finish to some of the heavier foods. . . Dessert. With a sweet tooth like mine, the selection of desserts was a dream come true. The mere size of the chocolate covered strawberries was incredible, but they went one step further and coated the outside with Oreo crumbs. Another one of my favorites was the espresso-flavored Rice Krispy treats. It took one of my favorite childhood treats and brought it to a whole different level! The plain chocolate cake was also heaven for a chocolate lover like me. As if that wasn't enough, the gelato selection is amazing with flavors like Nutella and Stracciatella, so you really can't leave without trying at least one. . . Wicked Spoon is definitely one of my favorite Vegas buffets, and the price is actually relatively reasonable. I can't wait to go back!
Had brunch here fore about $25 bucks a pop on a weekday. . . Came with one mimosa, champagne or red or white wine. I don't drink so I got OJ. . . The bone marrow was just okay. . . Favs: Pork Belly, Beet Salad and the AMAZINGly tasty Kale salad. . . Everything else was okay. The nutella gelato was very yummy though. . . Nice ambiance and lighting. Pretty good selection of items for lunch.
b o n e  m a r r o w . . s h r i m p  a n d  g r i t s . . Delish!!! . . Desserts were not as appetizing to me but since had a pleasant experience overall.
Ignore the "critics" - this place rocks!! Cauliflower puree, roasted asparagus salad, asiago gnocchi & super fresh & tasty desserts!
I really enjoyed my dinner tonight. They sat me pretty quickly and my waiter, Rafael, was great. I am pretty much eating healthy so it was great to see all the salads they had. No one rushed me and I was able to just able to take my time and enjoy the evening, I wouldn't make this a regular place because of the price, but special occasions will see me back there.
Arrived for dinner a little after 6:30pm on a Wednesday evening with 3 of my colleagues. Travelled with someone who cannot eat alot due medical reasons. With propoer identification cards, they were able to accomodate them with a child rate. We were seated almost immediately as there was no line. Had about 4 helpings. Left about 3 hours later. . . Ambience was good. Food was on the better side of good, but not great. Good enough to justify its price tag(38+ for dinner).
Food here is exceptional. Maybe a few extra cooked vegtables somewhere though. Still 5 out of 5. Was in vegas for 6 days and ate here everyday either for brunch or dinner. The only downfall was the food servers at ice cream omelette meat carvery. It's great to have polite waiters/hosts but if the person serving your plate is slapping it on the plate with death stares and no smile, then all the great service before has come undone.
Came here after a friend's Vegas wedding. Wow! Unlimited bone marrow! I'm a fan. These vegas buffets always impress me. Their gelato is very tasty. Presentation is really nice. Crab as always is good. I liked their duck raviolis too. Ohm and their chocolate covered strawberries are very delicious, especially the ones with toffee pieces. Would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Excellent food but Bacchanal is better.  We found that the Bacchanal has more variety and may taste a little better.  Service and settings were both excellent.. . We tried Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal in two consecutive nights.  Both were excellent buffet choices in Vegas.  You can't go wrong with either one.  These are the gourmet buffet when comparing to the older buffet choices.  Lots of choices.  Portion are set in individual plates.  The chef or server is there to help you or freshly cook your serving.
I'm a big fan of buffets in Las Vegas and this one did not disappoint.. . However after going to both Wicked Spoon and Bachaanal in Ceasars, I have to give the edge to Bachanaal Buffet.
I generally like to try different restaurants, buffets moreso just to see what the hype is about, or if the table fare is equivalent to their pricey rates. . . That all holds true, except when it comes to Vegas Buffets. I  love Wicked Spoon.  Although the menu selection isn't as vast as most, the quality of the dishes are unparalleled by most vegas buffets. You can definitely tell they took their time in dreaming up the week's menu. Presentation has also been well thought out. . . Their Prime Rib was on point, juicy, bloody, slight salty crust, delicious. That alone was worth my $40. Oh and the desserts.  Good to the last teensy morsel. Gelato for days too. . . I can't say enough how impressed I am with Wicked Spoon. I imagine, this will make itself a standard part of my TO EAT list whenever I visit vegas.
I chose Wicked Spoon as a celebratory birthday meal on our latest Vegas trip. I chose it because it's the only Strip buffet that offers brunch during the week. To me this is the best option because it's cheaper than most buffets are for lunch, but includes more foods and options. We went around 9:45 and enjoyed both the breakfast and lunch options.. . The online menu is currently out of date- prices are $25/adult for brunch, $33 with an alcoholic beverage. Our server wasn't really any better than any other buffet server I've had, but the drinks (coffee, etc.) were very good. Overall, the lunch options are truncated form the dinner offerings; very little seafood, though this changed as it became closer to usual lunchtime. No crabs legs or anything during this time.. . We tried a huge variety of salads, breakfast items, lunch items, and desserts. Overall this is the first buffet where everything that looks good also tastes good- this is a big accomplishment! Our favorites were the fried chicken, the angry mac and cheese, and the biscuits and gravy. I also liked the cold octopus salad, and I also loved that the bacon was in varying degrees of "done-ness". The only item I really disliked was the sushi- it was really dry and tasted old to me. . . The dessert area was also the only time that the beautiful pastries tasted as great as they looked. They were flaky, not cloying, well balanced with filling/dough ratio, etc. The gelato/sorbets were similarly well flavored, with the exception of the strawberry balsamic, which just tasted like strawberry. We felt no rush during our visit and were given a really large booth as well. This was a great treat during our stay. The only thing I'd change about this place is where the buffet is; it's tucked away in the hotel and it's a bit difficult to find. Besides that, I'll happily return and enjoy this buffet treat again in the future.
You gotta visit at least one buffet in Vegas!  I am NOT a buffet kinda gal, but this was an exception.. . Salads, soups, cheese, charcuterie, tacos, custom MAC N CHEESE BAR, italian, korean, chinese, japanese, carving stations, BONE MARROW, dessert deliciousness, GELATO!!!!. . It hit all the right spots.. . We went for dinner on a Sunday evening and unfortunately, service was a little slow.. . I would love to come back for breakfast/brunch.
Large selection.  From sushi to pureed sweet potatoes.  Fun environment.  Leg of lamb was delicious, but crab was served cold (I like mine steamed).  We bought the $10 bottomless wine option, but the wine was TERRIBLE.  We looked up what they served and it's an $8 bottle.  Couldn't even finish the glass of "red" wine (which our server couldn't even identify).  Overall, decent buffet, but stick to the soda.
Great Buffet but Bellagio was better.. . The wicked spoon had all the good stuff.   Prime Rib, Short Ribs, King Crab Legs but they just weren't as good as the Bellagio.   The Prime rib was even.  Bellagio gave you big hulking pieces of short ribs which the Spoon gave you a few shreds of short rib on some sort of mashed potato or polenta.  It was good but not quite as good.   The king Crab legs were bigger at the Bellagio.  . . The Wicked Spoon does have a few more options and it is nice that they put everything in to individual portions while you have to make your own portion at Bellagio.    The service was also better at the Wicked Spoon.   But somehow there were far less people at the Wicked spoon.
For a buffet - 4 stars. Prices have gone up in the last year. It's now $40/pp. Still good for a buffet. My main focus was the macaroni and cheese bar--so good. Didn't really pick anything that I didn't like, but there's way too much food to try one of everything.. . Enjoyed the desserts--mini macarons and gelato bar. But again, more dessert than you could ever want.
I'm not a fan of buffets because I'm a believer of quality over quantity. For being a buffet, Wicked Spoon is actually pretty good. I've never seen a buffet that has roasted bone marrow! Presentation of all their foods is awesome. Nicely individual plated dishes. Dessert bar is amazing. If you're looking for a good buffet, Wicked Spoon ranks up there with the best of them in Las Vegas.
Came here for dinner right when it opened at 5 on a Tuesday. It was around $41 per person after taxes. Not that crowded and April, our waitress, was on point with our drinks and plates. Food was wonderful. We tried a bit of everything. The Kings Crab legs were probably the best thing there because they were already cut in half for us. . . Moving on to the desserts. The chocolate covered strawberries with Oreo crumbles were to die for. The carrot cake was very moist. There was no mini macarons on sight! Very disappointed after reading all the reviews about them. Tried the gelato and it was very sweet but a good way to end our meal. . . For a buffet, 5 stars BUT negative one star for all the dirty dishes that we saw. There were several dirty plates stacked with the clean plates when we were getting our food. Pretty disappointing for a $40 buffet.
We had a reservation to go to this buffet! Since, we had a party of more than 12 people we simply walked in & paid.  It was pricey, but worth it.. . From all the buffet I have been in Las Vegas, Wicked Spoon is far the most unique ones I have ever been to.  I really loved that they had their servings in tiny pots or pans.  I thought it was a genius idea because it helped with "portion-control."  I was able to try more food items than I usually do in buffets! . Their desserts were pretty awesome as well!  . . The service was consist and I love how they had a cute water pitcher on the table already.  . . Overall, a great buffet.  Just be ready to wait in line!
I wanted to go here based on the Yelp reviews. My husband and I were vacationing in Vegas for the first time and heard about the wonderful buffets so I wanted to try the best. . . We took a cab from the Venetian to the Cosmopolitan. We had dinner at the restaurant at about 7pm on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy or crowded. We were able to get a seat right away.. . Our waitress was great. Very nice.. . We only went here and The Wynn Buffet. In comparing the two, I prefer the Wicked Spoon because it had more variety and more food items I enjoyed. . . It's a bit pricey. I think it was around $40 per person. However, I think it's worth it. The food was delicious. And there was so much of it.. . I highly recommend this place.
Prime rib!!! Yum!!! Pistachio Gelato!! Yum!!! Shrimp & grits!! Yum!!. Loved it, even my usually critical fiance thought it was a great buffet. I liked that the portions are smaller, helped control my greediness. I wish they had more sushi options though, but we went on a weeknight, so they prob didn't bring out everything. I also liked that dishes were presented artfully not like the typical buffet. I agree with other reviewers that service was lacking though. We went to a cheaper buffet 2 nights later (@ the M Hotel?), definitely would choose wicked spoon for the overall quality and taste of the food.  Getting hungry just thinking about it....
I came here the Monday after EDC week, and let me tell you, I was surprised I was able to eat. Came here with a bunch of friends since some of them really wanted to try Wickets Spoon. We came here with 8 people, and they immediately charged us gratuity, which is fine, nothing to worry about. The service was really good though, but there was a few times where we had a wait and ask for refills on our soda. The food was pretty good I would say. I really enjoyed the Korean BBQ Short-ribs, there was an abundant amount of flavor and it was just amazing. I liked the ribs as well, which was right next to the Short-ribs. The prime rib was actually pretty good. A lot of buffets I have been to either cooked it too much, or the sauce was too salty, or overall just bad. The one they had here was cooked quite well and I would say it is one of the better prime ribs I've had at the buffet. All the other foods were pretty good, nothing extraordinary, but as someone said before, wished there were more sashimi/ sushi options.
Presentation was really wonderful. Individual portions for some dishes really give it a nice touch! HOWEVER it was a hit or miss with our party. The men in our group wasn't too impressed by the whole thing, mostly because lack of variety. . . I personally thought that Wicked Spoon is pretty unique from other Vegas buffets. Their salad station was excellent. I loved the caesar salad and the kale salad, and really appreciated that they had brie, cheeses, and fruits. Oh! And bagels with smoked salmon! I also got to try bone marrow for the first time (I always think that buffets should be an opportunity to try lots of new foods!), and the fact that they had chocolate dipped strawberries was all sorts of fabulous. . . I would skip their lava cake because it's not lava cake... take it if you want a chocolate cake though. I loved their cheese cake,  and everyone seemed to like the gelato. I kept coming back for the strawberries though, even if I had to scrape the chocolate off. The strawberries really were nice and sweet!
Second time we've been there.  Wide selection of delicious food.  Brunch @$25 is quite a bargain, as it also includes a drink (e.g., Bloody Mary) and amazing desserts.  Leave room for the terrific gelato.  Sushi was just OK, but look for the great salads, tasty Korean barbecue, individual portions of shrimp cocktail.  Servers are friendly and efficient.
I am not a buffet fan because they are usually nasty and terrible tasting. I will say that I was pleasantly surprised at the brunch we had early Monday morning. The small portions is a great a idea. You can try a lot and waste a little. The eggs, fresh fruit, and meat options were bountiful. I ate low carb (ish) and did not feel deprived at all. I am looking forward to returning when we get back to Vegas.
We came here for Thursday dinner. The interior is decorated very modern, much better than the Bellagio buffet. We like the food presentation, individual portions/plates. The snow crab legs are thawed thoroughly, not too bad. I love the salad section. My favorite dish is octopus salad, and I had 4 of them. Prawn, beef, pork ribs and desserts are all good. The ice cream bar is a nice touch too. . . It costs over $80 (including tax) for 2 people, a bit pricy. However, we prefer Wicked Spoon than the Bellagio though we have to pay a few dollars more.
WICKEDLY AWESOME BUFFET!. . their selection of food is to die for :) my stomach couldn't be happier being here! I only wish I could eat more ):. . It's located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and the restaurant is super nice :) plenty of seats and their buffet is pretty big! best thing is that they do BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS for an additional 10 dollars any time you want! Their food selection is amazing, so many options. and their plating is so adorable! I love how for the chinese food, they put it into little take out boxes and their fried chicken is put into little mini fryers. . . the best thing is their DESSERTS. I have a thing for sweets and I loved their desserts! get the gelato, it's so decadent! my favorite flavors are their thai tea and pistachio :) . . IF you have the chance to eat in Vegas, eat here! you'll be happy, trust me.
Great deal for breakfast/lunch. The food was amazing and there were lots of lighter delicious options so you weren't eating straight heavy fat. GO HERE!
You can feast at Wicked Spoon.. . It fits the Cosmopolitan tagline "Just the right amount of wrong".. . The brunch options and quality of food is sinfully wrong.  Get even naughtier with bottomless champagne for an additional $10.. . Even if you're on a budget its worth making an all you can eat brunch your main meal in vegas.
We paid $44 per person for dinner.. . Honestly, I really dislike buffets. Nothing ever really wows me or makes me mouth water so for me to find even one food item that I actually like is surprising. At Wicked Spoon, I found three.. . Mission Figs- Blue Cheese and Candied Bacon. Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. Duck Ravioli. . I really don't like bacon and blue cheese but man, the figs? So impeccably sweet, tangy, and salty with a bite. Amazing- I could probably gorge myself on just this.. . Wild Boar Sloppy Joe- it had an interesting flavor that I can't really describe, only it was pulled meat and oh-so-good.. . Duck Raviolo- again, really interesting flavor. I really liked it though. It was extremely creamy and flavorful.. . These three items alone would make me come here again. Buffets never really make me happy or excited except- maybe this one. As long as they had these items forever.
25 minute wait in line is like scoring some kind of hidden jackpot:)!!!!. . Ah yes, Cosmo....I've come for you, having heard alllll about your $18 to go boxes, your wonderful presentation of gourmet food, and a kicker of a dessert bar,. . Allow me to preface this review by saying, so SOO much better than Wynn. They ought to be ashamed of themselves,. . $25 pp, buffet lunch ends at 2PM. There are restrooms INSIDE the buffet,. . No Korean kalbi or fries with eyes on Monday when we were there, but very good salads we enjoyed. A kale beauty of a chopped salad. Perfect! Heirloom tomato gazpacho could have been a wee bit smoother, but great freshness. Good creamed corn, an Asian gnocchi that was surprisingly light and full of flavor.. I personally dig their wedge salad and dont mind if I do take two servings!. . The slab pork ribs were fine, and the angry Mac and cheese a def pass for me. Pass also was a gross coulotte steak roast, whereby every slice was mid-rare. i asked for medium and no different cut did I receive. no can do,. . But I thoroughly enjoyed the mini fry basket of perfect fried chicken wings. Spicing was out of this world. Golden and red beets were great, and so were the mission figs with balsamic and blue cheese.. . Little pork belly buns like chairman bao's notable mention as well, epic fail on the green papaya SE Asian salad. No dressing!!! Yuck. Eggs benedict were a wonderful surprise, good hollandaise and poaching of the egg.. . Dessert: gelato gelato, macaron, gelato, cheesecake, more gelato ( since they have 18 flavors), burp!!! Mousse, gelato, gelato.. . My report!
Not quite the M Buffet but still a really good buffet! Plus it's inside the Cosmopolitan. Good food, good service.
4.5 stars . . I'll start by saying I haven't eaten at a buffet in about 15 years... not that I'm against them...just they never are at the top of the list when it comes to dining out. . . Well... I have to say... this place was great!  I enjoyed the small servings as it gives you a chance to try things you might not normally try.  It was $105 for my wife and I to enjoy dinner and I think it was worth it. As mentioned we were able to sample things we wouldn't normally order from a restaurant.  . . Some of the highlights for us.... (keep in mind... small portions... looks like a lot.. it wasn't) . . Leg of lamb. King crab legs . Spicy shrimp. Spicy shrimp and grits. Shrimp cocktail. Made to order mac-n-cheese (split this...large portion). Wild Boar . Variety of salads my wife sampled and enjoyed. Polenta with truffle oil and pesto (awesome) . Gnocchi (really nice) . . --------------------------------------------------------. Desserts . Dulce de Leche mini cakes. Molten lava cake/raspberry sauce. Peach cobbler ( my wife loved it so much.. .she had two... highly unusual for her) . . . All in all the place put out quality food and is well worth the visit. . . The bone marrow... nothing amazing to be honest.. not a lot of flavor.. . Atmosphere... a little loud... but... being it's so popular and a buffet... it is to be expected. . . We would recommend this place to others who are interested in enjoying a great buffet with a wide variety of menu items.
Chocolate-covered strawberries! Gelato!! Need I say more?. . The choc-covered strawberries are not the highest quality chocolate you'd ever have but it's not that bad for a buffet!! The gelato is actually really good. I usually just have 10 strawberries with some gelato and call it a meal :) . . I also like that the food is in cute little iron pan for one serving. Can try different stuff and it's a lot less messy than having different foods on one plate.
descent desserts great meat dishes
We came for weekday brunch, and at around $25 per person, we felt like we got our money's worth. The main reason for this was that the price included the mimosas we ordered. For a buffet, the food was great, and the desserts were impressive. Of the two buffets we tried (the other being Aria at dinner) this is definitely the one I'd recommend.
Took my hubby here for the first time and I think the quality has gone down since the last time I was here. They did have new things to offer, which I was excited about, like bone marrow and kalbi, but had a lot more basic breakfast items than before. . . Last time I went there were more little seafood dishes and salads, and this time there was basic stuff like bacon, sausage, pancakes - just things that were so original it was boring. . . Also, it seemed like they were not replenishing stuff quick enough even though it was primetime lunch on a Sunday.  Also, the price went up to $39, I guess because they had bone marrow and kalbi now. . . Still a good buffet if you like the fancier gourmet stuff, but I don't think this place will keep up with buffets like Bacchanal who are already following suit.
I'm not typically a fan of buffets, as I feel that I'm forced to overeat and I don't think I eat enough to justify the costs of a buffet. On the bright side, it does give you the chance to sample a wide-array of food choices, and of all the buffets I've been to in Vegas, Wicked Spoon would be my top choice. They have absolutely everything from cheese & antipasto, sushi, shellfish, general seafood, asian fare, italian, meats, salads, soups, and everything in between. The best part is the dessert station full of unique treats. My biggest mistake was getting the all you can drink wine for $10 as I struggled to finish one glass as it's the lowest quality of wine and not very tasty. Next time I'll just order a better one by the glass! Overall a fun experience during my second time to Wicked Spoon.
I thought it was really good, especially for a buffet.
Delicious buffet. Awesome service. My only complaint: the desserts are not as good as the food.. The place is cool like the whole hotel.
I usually don't like buffets in Vegas because most of them are so generic tasting, but Wicked is actually one of the few good ones. There are decent amounts of great delicious items here like the truffle in the pot, grounded meat with mash potato & stuff in a pot, wild boar sloppy Joes, gelatos, etc.. They do have bone marrows here, but most of it is kind of flavorless, like if they used them for something else already (maybe making pho); so light looking and if you find any dark looking ones, those are the yummy bones. For about $50 per person after tax, I'm sure you can get better food for dinner at the right restaurant, but if you want to sample many different tempting dishes, here is the spot. A fancy looking buffet.
I LOVE VEGAS BUFFETS.. . It is seriously the highlight of my trips to Vegas.  I know everyone looks forward to getting trashed, going to the clubs, or hanging at the pool parties, but me?  I just want to hit up a buffet.  That's the only way I feel like my trip is complete.. . We arrived around 2PM on a Saturday.  It was about $35 per person, and there was a 15-30 minute line to wait in to get seated.  We got this awesome table right in front of the gelato fridge.  I stared at all the different choices and was more excited for the dessert than actual food.. . From what I remember, they had:. . Fried Rice. Bok Choy. Stir Fried Beef & Onions. Sushi. Miso Soup. Grilled Shrimp. Duck Ravioli. Gnocchi. Spaghetti. Taco Bar. Caprese Salad. Sandwich/Salad Station. Carving Station with an assortment of meats and bone marrow. Omelette Station. Steamed Clams. . While we were eating, they began to switch from brunch/lunch to dinner.  We were able to enjoy some Crab Legs and Shrimp Cocktail.  I'm sure there was more, but Iforget at the moment.. . There's a dessert area with tons of pastries, cakes, macarons, gelato, and chocolate covered strawberries.  I went straight for the gelato and got the Mint Crunch and Pomegranate Sorbet.  SOOO GOOOD.. . Wicked Spoon came highly recommended from a friend and I share the same feelings.  Go try it, it's wicked good.
Sweet redemption!!!. . Made it back here on our most recent trip, and we were so much more pleased with our experience.. . Brunch on Monday was $25 and included your choice of 1 mimosa, bloody mary, or glass of champagne.  That's $15 cheaper than brunch here last week, without the drink.  Talk about a holiday markup. . . The selections were much better this trip.  Roasted pork belly, mini bahn mi, passion fruit macarons were our favorites this time, and may even be worth another trip.. . Worth the price this time for sure.  Now, if only they would remain consistent, we'd be there each trip for sure.
Food was good here. Presentation was great. All the food came in small plate portions. Kind of like tapas. Come here early so you don't get stuck in a huge line.. . This place serves bone marrow, which I've never seen at any other vegas buffets I've been too. It was too bland for my taste but still worth a try. All the other food were good and flavorful. Dessert section was excellent. . Definitely give this buffet a shot if you haven't been before, it will be a slightly different experience from the traditional vegas buffets.
Best. Buffet. Ever. . . Worth every penny and the long wait in line.. . One star off because our waitress and bus staff were a bit rude and it took quite a bit of time to get our dirty plates cleared off of our table.  My friends and I had to clear our plates quite a few times.. . Definitely try the gelato bar, which was a huge surprise at the end of our meal!  Also, the fresh salads are great starters.  My favorite was the fig salad.  The korean ribs were well-cooked and marinated.  Also, the creamed spinach was very rich but I could still taste the spinach.  Be sure to try the shrimp dim sum!  Drool.
This was a great buffet.  It truly was gourmet.  Bone marrow? right next to wild boar tacos?!!!!  Everything from the fresh salads to the fried chicken to the mountain of dessert was very good.  My only complaint is the alcohol situation.  The selection of wine and beer was not  good at al.
Went for brunch.  Excellent quality and great tasting food.  Loved the presentation as well.
BRUNCH Buffet Review:. . $25.00/person. Buffet here is pretty good, considering that it's a buffet! I came here for brunch and really enjoyed it. If your parents taught you to eat seafood to milk your money, then there is all the smoked salmon and clams in the world that can feed that appetite. I definitely strategized before grabbing food... I walked around and scouted what dishes I would focus my appetite on. . . Highly Recommend:  Smoked salmon was delicious!! I actually used some of the smoked salmon to replace the ham of my eggs benedict! Voila, selective and FANCY eating.. . Greens/Fruits/Other:  The kale salad is amazing, perfectly seasoned and texture was fabulous. They have various yogurts/parfaits/juice that I was okay with.... . Meats: OMG, they have such a good meat selection. They have steak that is perfectly cooked. Ask for the mid-slices if you like raw, and side pieces if you like well done. They also have various house sausages, so delicious! I definitely recommend getting small cuts before you go big (so you save room to enjoy all the other goodies). They have korean bbq ribs (amazing) and decent chinese food (not a fan).. . Desserts: Macarons!! Gelato! Various sugar-free desserts and more. . . Come early and get seated early... you don't want to wait in the ridiculous long lines especially during the weekends.. . BTW, the presentation of the food was so adorable! They have tiny pots to hold the pasta, takeout boxes for chinese food, etc.
I've been here for dinner and brunch and both services were amazing. I think Wicked Spoon has the best buffet in Vegas. They have yummy apricot french macaron. The first buffet I've seen to have macaron. Oh, and all you can drink mimosa on Sundays! The food was prime, the crowd was beautiful and the service was outstanding.
I had to take off one star. . . It's been a while since I last dined at Wicked Spoon. However, upon this visit, I was shocked that it was 40+  dollars on a Thursday night. Although I've always known this was an expensive buffet, I didn't remember it to be that expensive.. . Also, the food here is still not the strong suit this buffet. The ambiance, presentation, and dessert bar still remains the parts I liked best. But with the increase in prices (if it's not an increase, 40 dollars on a Thursday night is just too much), I felt it warranted a -1 star update.
When in Las Vegas, Vegas-sized buffets are never my food stop of first choice.  However, it was late-morning, the fiancee was hungry for breakfast and I was hungry for lunch.  Conveniently, the Wicked Spoon Buffet was serving up brunch.  The Wicked Spoon is tucked far away from the bustle of the casino floor in the Cosmo's West End Tower.  After doing a walkthrough past its assorted food stations, I came away impressed with the wide selection of freshly made breakfast items, lunch items, fresh salads, and delicious looking desserts.  Italian, Asian, and Mexican cuisines, as well as American comfort food staples, were represented at its buffet stations.  Perhaps, its most distinctive feature, though, is the Wicked Spoon's gelato bar.  While it may not have 31 flavors like Baskin Robbins, it's comprehensive with flavors ranging from plain vanilla and chocolate to salted caramel and tiramisu.  The Wicked Spoon may not compare with the 800 lb. gorilla that is Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, but it does the buffet thing quite well and is certainly in the discussion as Las Vegas' second best buffet.
As far as Buffets go this was $38+ Tax, but the Food was really Good. I would go again..... I went to another buffet that was considerably cheaper and it really showed too
After hearing so many good things, I finally gave it a try today. Our party of 3 arrived just before 11am in time for brunch. We were told brunch is served until 2pm. There was no line and the three of us paid individually. There were 2 female hostess' standing at the the doorway to greet patrons and to seat you. I found it irritating that despite watching the three of us pay individually, she still had the audacity to ask for a receipt-UUGGGH...are you SERIOUS? Anyway, this review is more about the food. The wicked part is how WICKED GOOD it is and how WICKED expensive it was. Brunch- $27.03- I can't imagine lunch and dinner prices. I enjoyed just about everything I put on my plate. Shout outs to the very friendly woman at the omelet station from Downey, CA! She was really welcoming and sweet. I'm not a morning person but the few minutes encounter we had as she cooked my omelet turned my morning around. :).  . I was impressed by the food selection (I saw pasta, Korean bbq, Vietnamese in addition to all breakfast staples). The pancakes and french toast must have been sitting for a while, lukewarm at best and I like to enjoy my food fresh off the grill/stove, knowing that it was freshly made and not just "sitting out." :/ However, that orange ricatta pancake was delicious! Service was fine, it was beginning to pick up and our server had many dishes to collect/drinks orders to fill. I definitely ate my $27 worth of food and we did not feel pressured or rushed to leave. Much like the hotel, the dining are is beautiful, filled with elegant decor. I recommend it, wish this place was closer to home. TIl next time, Vegas! :) ps. after paying the buffet price, Wicked Spoon offers a to go option of just under $20...not bad?
One of the best buffet on the strip.. . I went there for lunch on a weekday. The highlight was the shrimp cocktail very fresh.. . I love there french toast and pancakes and omelets.. . They have the best desert and italian ice cream for a buffet, for the strip.. . They also offer some korean food. . . But the highlight is the fresh fruits. I like how they have small portion.. . Pros: Excellent service, diverse food, menu is constantly changing, fresh fruits, shrimp cocktail, desert and ice cream. Excellent bacon.. . Con: Lack of beef dishes. No turkey breast, The korean food is average. The chinese food is average. . . Overall its a 4 star, they only thing that could change is a more meat selection or an improvement on chinese dishes
Well this is what a Vegas brunch is about! The food was great and for $9 additional it was bottomless drinks! The gelato bar made my brunch experience what it was, yum. We had a larger group so we didn't have to wait in line and got seated quickly! It was great. We even got a to-go beverage for our Vegas exploring.
We tried this place on Monday for lunch due to all of the awesome Yelp reviews.. It was good, very good in fact.  $25 for "brunch" is not all that bad for Vegas, it comes with one mimosa.  It is really quite cool.  All items are served "individually", meaning a small portion on a small plate (but you can go back again and again).  I liked this as it would stop some of those gluttons from wasting so much food.  Each item is presented very nicely with accompaniments to go with it.  I liked it.. . The good:  Very fresh, 5-star, chef quality food.. The breakfast items were very good and some out of the "normal" (good fresh sausages, apple, linguica, bangers, italian, etc.  all homemade).. The hash was excellent, benedicts good, omelet bar had good choices.. Amazing hollendaise sauce on the benedicts and hash. mmmmm.. Pizza (only two types)  was very good.. The meatballs were very good.  Polenta with pesto, pancetta and cranberry good.. The desserts (although not as huge as some other LV buffets) were good.. The gelatos were AMAZING.  Chocolate covered strawberries also very fresh.. . The "meh":  The beef selections.  No prime rib (I thought kind of weak), I did not try the sirloin, it looked good but not enough for me to try.  That was it.. Some baked chicken that the wife said was "ok".. The "angry mac and cheese" tasted like Chef Boy Ardee (someone said you gotta try it, so I did).. Chocolate lava cake at the dessert bar was very dried out, like a brownie.. . The needs some help:  Salad bar was seriously lacking.  There were only a couple of selections, some not too popular.  The popular ones (a nice looking wedge salad) was gone before I even had a chance to try and not replaced.  Then replaced with a watermelon salad that looked like, uh... cubes of watermelon.. The entire Asian section was weak (the little chinese to-go containers) and not even worth visiting.. Seafood.  Oh, was there any?  A shot glass with 2 shrimp and a drop of cocktail sauce does not make a seafood bar.. . What would be good to add:  Prime rib.  Seafood. Get rid of the Asian stuff, improve the salads.  Maybe add a greek area instead (gyros, pita, hummus, cabbage rolls, souvlaki, etc).. A crepe bar would be nice to see.. . Will we go back the next time?  If going to a buffet, yes for sure.
My 2nd time eating here and thought that the place is pretty decent to try. I'd say that the lunch is worth the value at about $33 per person. . . I came here to eat my monies worth so it was all about the crab legs, prime rib, and chocolate covered strawberries. I had other items such as shrimp cocktail in a shot glass, kale salad, cake desserts, etc but I'd say go for the crab leg, prime rib, and chocolate covered strawberries. They're pretty out of this world.. . Staff I'd very attentive but too quick to clear the plates. Gf and I went for our 3rd round and our table was cleared. However they quickly got us new setting and everything was fine and dandy.. . I'd recommend trying this place once. For the price and wait, I'd highly recommend it.
Friends are visiting and we WERE going to hit up the Aria Buffet BUT decided on the Wicked Spoon instead. About $45/person and it's not the typical buffet... Instead of scooping all your food on your plate they set out little TAPA like plates so you just grab and go. The downside is you can only fit so many little plates on your BIG plate - they should really hook you up with a TRAY so you can get EVERYTHING you want all at ONCE but whatever. The upside is PORTION CONTROL. But really, you're at a BUFFET!! WHO needs portion control?! I was only going to give this place three stars however the SHRIMP CEVICHE is BOMB.COM. They portion out the ceviche in these little TINY plastic cups. I will literally sit there and dump about 5-7 little cups into ONE cup to make room for everything and the ceviche is SOOOO good!! Also another of my faves is this mexican tapa dish - for the life of me I can't remember the name of it but it was SOOO good!! Beans and meat and a tostada type thing - DELISH! AND I was SO full and grabbed one of EVERYTHING from the dessert buffet EXCEPT for the gelato. Thankfully Geary got gelato tho and I sampled his and it was SOOO good so it moved my star rating from THREE toFOUR!! MUST GET THEIR HOUSE MADE GELATO!!
I prefer this over WYNN Buffet!!!  There is very little waiting in line. Beside the food here is better in my opinion. Their Prime ribs is way juicier!! they also have sear salmon, bone marrow and crab cakes. I used to stay in line and paid over 60 dollars per person at WYNN, but no more. I pick Wicked spoon at Cosmo Politan over any other buffet!!!
I love this buffet! My favorite yet:). . The only reason why I gave it a 4 out of 5 was because the sushi wasn't spectacular, for $46 a person I expect the best!. . Kale salad is to die for, and the best bottomless bloodymary's I have ever had!. . xoxox
Awesome buffet. I had heard good things about this buffet, so naturally I had to try it. Everything was very delicious up until the third round when I hit the Italian and Asian cuisine areas. Unfortunately some of the pasta sauces were too strong, and the sushi area was mediocre. That was a bit of a buzzkill, but thankfully the dessert station more than made up for it. The desserts were bomb.com. Our server was also very nice and kept checking up on us making sure we were doing ok and taking our used plates. I will definitely come back if the opportunity arises.
Why 4 stars?.  - DESSERT BAR! anything you can think of, dig in and have a sugar high! .  - Bone marrow with caramelized onions with sea salt! amazeballs!.  - Elegant dining experience that differentiate wicked spoon other 1500 buffets in Vegas..  - Small plates with individual serving size - cute cultural serving dishes for example for Chinese food, it's served in a cute take out Chinese paper box. .  - Reasonable price for high end buffet .  - Not about the quantity but the Quality! . . Enjoy! xoxo
I don't really eat at buffets like I use to, can't eat as much and I've become spoiled while eating at nicer restaurants as I've gotten older.. . But this one is pretty dang good and perfect for big groups.. . I was at CES this past year and with our work we had about 14 people, we didn't reserve anywhere for one of the nights, so we all went to this buffet.. . It turned out to be a good decision.  Food was good, service was good.  . . Nothing that really blew me away, but it is a solid place.
Our last day in Vegas and my girlfriends and I recapped at Wicked Spoon, for some buffet breakfast. Breakfast was relatively cheap, especially since we got some $ off because we were guests of the hotel.. . They easily sat a group of 15 with minimal wait. But, then again, we were up in line right about the time they opened for breakfast. Great choices. Easy layout to follow. I went back for 2nd, 3rds and 4ths! Thankfully, the serving sizes are pretty petite or I'd feel like a guilty fat piggy. . . They have a wide variety of choices for morning noshes: American continental, Asian, Italian, southern comfort, gelato and desserts galore. I loved the custom egg omelette choice, along with my kimchi fried rice. Portions were dished out small, so I could sample a little bit of everything. Okay, not everything. It just felt like it.. . Overall, food was delicious. Once of the best buffets I've eaten at in a while. I wouldn't mind revisiting this place, the next time I'm in Vegas.
Yummy, delicious, fresh food.  Definitely worth the price.
Three words: Chocolate-covered strawberries.. . Very good food and our particular waiter was top-notch. The downside is that, like everything in Vegas, this brunch buffet is expensive -- $33, not including drinks. I get that it's all-you-can-eat, but due to the rich and filling food, you won't be able to eat that much.
I love Wicked Spoon! We are from Vegas and always wanted to try it when we lived there and never did, so I knew we HAD to when we came back to visit last month. We came for brunch on Saturday--we were very impressed with all but one thing (omelet station.) They have all kinds of goodies--fried chicken in little baskets, incredible salad bars, a GELATO bar, pork belly....just a lot of things you don't always find at buffets. The presentation was flawless--everything in mini baskets, cast iron skillets. We had ricotta pancakes that were incredible. Now to the omelet bar--the guys working the omelet bar seem like they hate each other, their jobs, and probably their lives. They were SO rude. The guy barked at me about what I wanted inmy omelet, and he didn't even add all the veggies I asked for. Whatever, it looked delicious. I took it back - it was COMPLETELY raw inside. I was so disgusted. The line was so long that I didn't go back so I was very disappointed. The service was incredible, though--our server was pretty attentive and the cashier was very nice. I love the feel of Wicked Spoon--I think next time we come back we'll try dinner. The food other than the omelet bar was delicious!
Decided to give it a try based on the reviews.  I expected a totally untraditional buffet after reading through the reviews.  It ended up being a pretty traditional buffet, with the exception that many items were served in smaller contained dishes (the harder to load things up on your plate).  There was a pretty good selection of food.  Standout items for us included the kalbi ribs, fried rice, caprese salad, watermelon salad (watermelon disk sitting on some balsamic glaze with a dollop of mascarpone) and shrimp cocktail.  Crab legs were a huge disappointment - wimpy snow crab clusters that did not look edible, didn't even go there.  Flourless chocolate cake was delicious and my son enjoyed the ice cream selection.. . I have been to Bacchanal for brunch and I would imagine that dinner is just as fantastic.  I would probably opt for Bacchanal next time but overall, we did enjoy Wicked Spoon.  Crab legs are really the draw for me at a buffet and Wicked Spoon did not come through!
Food: Most of their food was presented in individual portions. So it was very convenient to grab whatever looked interesting. I particularly liked that their cocktail shrimp, which came in shot glasses so people aren't digging through a pile. That can get a little unsanitary in a hurry. I loved their carving station. Their beef sirloin was one of the best that I've had in a while at a buffet.. . Service: For a Vegas buffet, they have the best service! They were constantly clearing our table of our empty plates and filling our drinks. I have not seen this level of service at all of the other current top buffets including the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace. All of their food stations are also kept very clean.. . Location: It is located in the Cosmopolitan next to the elevators to the hotel rooms. Very convenient if you're staying at the hotel. From the casino floor, you can take one of the escalators to the second floor and then follow the signs to the buffet.. . Bottom line: For me, this buffet is now my go-to buffet whenever I'm in town.
Id consider this place almost like a smaller version of Ceasars Bachannal Buffet..  Not as big of a selection,but food is still awesome and super super gourmet. This is the first REAL fancy buffet i went to in vegas so it holds a special place in my heart :o). . For 10$ more you get unlimited wine and mimosas (during brunch) so you can get your DRANK ON an head over to the pool parties to chill out.. . SAVE ROOM FOR DESERT. . Buffets i have been to in order from best to worst:. . Bacchanal - Ceasars. Wicked Spoon - Cosmopolitan. World Carnival - Rio. Spice market - Planet Hollywood, . The Bellagio. Paris Le Village - Paris. Paradise Garden Buffet - Flamingo. More Buffet - Luxor
This was my second time coming to Wicked Spoon. The first time I was too drunk to really appreciate the food. I did not make the same mistake. I loved it. The food was amazing. I loved the paella. The sushi was good. The gnochi was delicious! The decor was really nice and it was extremely clean! Our attendant was super friendly, nice and attentive. The selection of food was good. I made a stop to all of the different areas. The desserts were fantastic.
Excellent food!  I would say that Wicked Spoon and the Wynn buffet are the best in Vegas.
I'll start by saying I have never been to a fancy Vegas buffet, ever. The best buffet I've had the pleasure of stuffing myself silly at is Tomi Seafood Buffet in Northern California... so, I really have nothing to compare Wicked Spoon to.. . After enduring two weeks of rigorous diet and exercise (gotta fit into them dresses), I was able to enjoy a trip to Las Vegas for a friend's belated 21st birthday. Partying all day and all night meant there wasn't much time for meals, so my friends and I mostly resorted to picking up overpriced salads at the little market in our hotel (Vdara). You can only imagine my excitement when I woke up Sunday morning, knowing that we were going to go ALL OUT. My stomach was going to hate me, but I didn't even care.. . Once we checked out of Vdara, we left our luggage with the valet and walked over to the Cosmopolitan, which is where WS is located. It was a little difficult to find at first considering how large the Cosmopolitan is, but with the help of an employee, we were well on our way to a well-deserved meal!. . But wait, not yet. After paying (~$35 for lunch), we had to wait in line for half an hour, which I suppose isn't so bad. Thankfully, my friends and I weren't too hungover from the night before, so the wait was bearable.. . When we finally got seated, everyone suddenly adopted an "every woman for herself" mentality and went our separate ways towards the food. Oh, the FOOD. There was so much of it, and I became overwhelmed. How many plates should I grab? One? Five? I decided to start with two. I piled on as much food as I could onto my plates, and speed-walked back to the table to get my grub on. My stomach was so eager, so ready. I'm not even sure how I had the patience to take pictures.. . I ended up devouring a total of five plates. Woo! Some of the noteworthy dishes included the eggs benedict, fried chicken, prime rib, shepherd's pie, and a strange watermelon dish that was surprisingly good. Oh, and of course, the desserts. Dear lord. It was magnificent. Although I was disappointed because there were no macarons in sight.... . To be honest, by the fourth plate I was forcing the food into my mouth. You know when your stomach says no, but your taste buds just can't get enough? Yup, that's exactly it. Thanks to Wicked Spoon and my lack of self-control (also Earl's, but I'll write about that later), I went into a 24-hour food coma that nearly resulted in my death. Too much... too much.. . Next time, it'll be Bacchanal!
Get to Wicked Spoon early or you will be waiting!. . Food:. Where do I even start? It's a buffet that offers quality food.. . I opted to just eat steak and seafood, and it was amazing!. . The lunch buffet was about $42 with tax. Although on the pricey side for a buffet, the quality of food is higher here.. . Side Notes. . Ambiance:. The decoration is top notch! My only complaint is that there are only two stalls in the mens' bathroom located in the buffet. A lot of people were mad about that! Have no fear; there is actually a bigger bathroom right outside of the buffet. Just make sure you bring your buffet receipt with you when you leave.. . Service:. This place has top notch service. My friends were thirsty, and probably drank more than enough Bloody Marys and mimosas to cover the $10 all you can drink cost. They definitely made our server work!. . Conclusion:. I've been here quite a few times, and still keep coming back, so what does that mean? I will be back!
Service was awesome and there is no long line. Not too many selections but the food and dessert was delicious. Price was expensive $$ but it's worth it
This restaurant is a bit of a paradox serving higher end food as a buffet!. . Avoid too many starches so you don't get too full too fast.. An important note is to try not to judge the food too much by the time you hit your third helping & definitely save room for dessert, the specialty gelato was excellent!
Since the only other Vegas buffet I've been to was the Wynn, the bar was very high for me on this one. The reviews seem to indicate that Wicked Spoon has gone downhill in the past few years, so all I have tosay about that is I wish I were here when it was "great" because it's certainly pretty darn good now. . . They have a huge variety of offerings (which I would expect at a Vegas buffet), but more than that, everything was fresh and very well prepared (with maybe the exception of the sushi which was good but didn't seem super fresh). . . There were several chef stations where you can have something cut or whipped up for you fresh which was a nice compliment to the variety already provided. . . The busser/server for our table was quick, and kept the mimosas flowing even before I asked. I would definitely recommend the Wicked Spoon for anybody looking for a good buffet on the South end of the Strip.
This is the best buffet place in Vegas. I gave 4 star because it is pricey. It cost me $40 during Labor Day weekend. You can taste a restaurant quality, but with buffet style. I tried Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, Rio, Aria, Planet Hollywood, Mirage. So far, I like Wicked Spoon the most.
I used to live in Vegas so I pretty much have eaten at every buffet and restaurant. I have to say, Wicked Spoon, is my favorite buffet! Hands down. . . I love that they have small dishes so that people don't just scoop up food, which often times ends up in waste. These small dishes are so cute and look like a work of art.  I speaking specifically about the salad bar section and the dessert section. . . My favorites: . Beet salad . Fig salad . Caprese salad . Chocolate covered strawberries . Paella . Pork belly . Macaroons . Salted caramel gelato. Wicked juice . . These are all memorable. I even tried to make some of the salads when I came home. The nice thing about Wicked Spoon is they actually list the ingredients of what's in the salads. When I came home, I was able to try to replicate some of the goodness in my own kitchen. . . Definitely worth $25/person! This is coming from someone who is NOT a fan of buffets. My Dad used to tell me, "You are NOT buffet worthy. You didn't eat $x amount worth of food. You ate all the vegetables and no meat. What a waste!" Hahahaha. This was worth $25. I definitely ate that much! At least it felt like it....
This review is for the Brunch buffet. Usually I go to dinner buffets, but a change of plans resulted in us coming here in the morning instead. Admission was $39 for a Monday brunch (for Labor Day weekend). . . There's a variety of food to choose from! There's your breakfast choices such as pancakes, eggs benedict, omelette station, fruits and salad bar, etc. As for the entrees, there's the angry mac 'n cheese, artisan sausage, prime rib, bone marrow, seafood pasta, polenta, etc. Some memorable dishes would have to be the seafood pasta.. . A plus about this place is how they come in serving sizes such as in either small plates or cute little cups. They come in the right size sample so that you can try a little bit of everything!. . Besides the entrees, there's a juice bar! There's mango juice as well as grapefruit banana juice (my favorite!) In addition, there's cheeses, salad, as well as smoked salmon (I highly recommend!). . As for the desserts, there's two kinds of chocolate-dipped strawberries (with peanuts or with Oreos). In addition, there's your creme brulee, chocolate mousse desserts, pies and cakes, and (drum roll please)...ICE CREAM! I highly recommend the lemon and mango passion fruit sorbets! Absolutely sweet and refreshing!. . Overall, I would have to say that despite the steep price of $39, I was a satisfied customer. Moreover, I would definitely come here again for their dinner menu, which is bound to be much more tastier as well!
I looooove this place! Especially the oysters.. Amazing. Plenty varieties.. Nyummm! They have a watermelon salad that also beyond of goodness..  The only thing minus star for me is their desserts. Surprisingly none of the dessert is my taste. It taste too sweet and cheap for me. (Uups, sorry!). But overall, it was a great experience. Our waitress (Megan) also very helpful.. :)
Ever since I left Las Vegas, I cannot stop thinking about this buffet. I keep fantasizing about the unique dishes, flavors, and taste that I experienced here. If not for the food, come for the experience. My family have been hardcore buffet eaters and this gave us a different dining experience never to be forgotten. If you want something unconventional and tasty, this is place! . . The salad and soup section was my favorite because they played with combinations of vegetables and fruits that I haven't seen or tasted before. Their watermelon salad is a must. I am also a big fan of the fig salad. The mushroom soup was mind-blowing. . . I've had better meats elsewhere although it was still very good. I've ate bone marrow before and this could've done with more flavors. The seafood and pasta sections aren't extensive but good. Their Asian flavors are not authentic but they do try with the presentation. . . Being diabetic, I was pleased to see some sugar-free options at the dessert section. The must eat (and more of it if you can) was their sugar-free chocolate ice cream! Oh my god, it was the best chocolate ice cream I've ever eaten, sugar-free or not. Dark and rich...so amazing. When is the next flight to Vegas?
One of the better buffets in Vegas!  Almost $50 for dinner, but with very carefully prepared foods - very pleasing to the eyes, nose, and tongue.. . Get the gelato (various flavors) and smoked salmon slices!. . Minus one star: I was so disgusted with the spilled beer on the register counter and on the ground.  I rested my elbow on one end, and the smell of beer lingered throughout the dinner.  Blegh!
Best buffet I have attended in Vegas. Pricey but worth it if you are willing to stuff your face with everything they have. . . Some of the highlights include: mac n cheese bar, crab legs, bacon wrapped zucchini, ribs, sushi, peanut butter cupcakes, and a gelato station.
This is a pretty solid buffet. Not the best I've had in Vegas but pretty good. They didn't have lobster.. . I liked the balance of food here. They had a little bit of everything and not too much of any one thing. The deserts left something to be desired but the main foods were all good. I had multiple servings of the oysters and the thick bacon!! OMG, the thick bacon!!! AMAZING!! IF you did not have the bacon here, you failed.. . Check this buffet out, for sure.
My first Vegas buffet, and certainly glad I ate here for brunch. I loved the selections, not to mention the extent of available desserts. I can't even enumerate the things I ate here, but overall I would say that the angry mac n' cheese, the wicked fried chicken, and the homemade sausage stood out. Some of the asian dishes were on the salty side. But overall great service and selection for the price. Don't know how it compares to the other Vegas buffets yet.
Came here for breakfast 3 mornings in a row. . I couldn't help the gluttony in me! The DEVIL made me do it!!! . Everything looks so beautiful, and tastes beautifully too!. Here's a list of what you can find. Eggs. Bacon,. Sausage. Potatoes. Fresh fruit. Salads. Marinated olives. Cheeses. FRIED CHICKEN. Deli meat. Bagels. Wicked juice. Pizza. Mac and cheese. Buscuits and gravy. Chinese selection. AND OH MYLANTA THE DESSERTS!!!! . Cheesecakes. Macaroons. Cobblers. Gelatos. Carrot cake. Rice crispy treats. And more...... Oh mamacita . It would be a shame if you didn't try it. . On my next visit ill try dinner. . Maybe you should join me :)
Still my favorite place to go in Vegas for a great meal!
Best buffet I've been to for dinner.  The food was actually high quality, fresh, tasty, and unique.  What a change! The crab legs were the best I had out of a few different places while we were there and the gnocchi was incredible. They serve a lot of small bites that are done well.  Not to mention the fabulous gelato bar.  The Cosmo was our favorite hotel on the Strip- excellent customer service and good ventilation so the smoke isn't as noticeable.
Great food, and a lot.  Food was fresh, and variety  was overwhelming.. You pay $25 during the week, and $30 on the weekends for lunch, but I think it was worth it.
wicked spoon!. . good service with a friendly staff. great selection. presentation and plating is on point. not the typical vegas buffet. try the bone marrow and korean bbq. amazing dessert - try the white chocolate mousse with exotic filling!. . will come back again and try other things at the buffet! check out the picture i posted.
Had Sunday brunch here today and the high praise elsewhere on Yelp is justified. Food is excellent for the most part and very varied in terms of cuisine. All of the meat items I tried were especially good ( fabulous sirloin). Sushi was great as well. Service is polite , friendly & professional. Maybe the price is a bit high but at least the food &service is great. Borgata in AC is the benchmark IMHO and this is very close.
I'm not a big fan of buffets but when your in vegas you need to at least go to ONE buffet! so we decided to try wicked spoon because several of my friends were raving about wicked spoon and how yummy it is. And boy am I glad we did! This might just be my "go to buffet" when I'm in vegas. Everything had so much flavor and for a buffet that's hard to achieve with so many items in their menu. They had several different types of food ranging from Mexican food, to Asian food to even a cheese bar! my favorite section was the desserts ESP the gelato ice cream specifically the Thai tea one! The only downside of this place was that it was a bit pricey. We went during dinner on a weekday and we paid $43 each person. The price does vary though depending on the time of day that your there! oh and be sure to try and come here before the dinner Rush cause the line can get pretty long!
The Food &The staff Is Awesome Specially the Buffet ,I love it ;-)
I think the Wicked Spoon buffet is one of the most elegant buffets in Vegas. The presentation is what makes it for me. . . The food is great, but the only thing that bothered me was that everything was barely warm... If the food was hot- I'd be a much happier camper. But I do have to say- the food at this buffet is as good as any fine dining experience.. . All in all- I would definitely say Wicked Spoon is one of the best buffets in LV.
The only reason I'm giving this place a 4 is because of the LOX they have with smoked salmon and our waitress Laureen. She was awesome and on top of things ! Her smile could light up a room and her personality compares to our president! Well done!
4 solids stars!. My review may be bias as this was our first meal of the day at 5pm....to say the least, we were starving from a day of playing in the pool for 5+ hours. . . Highlights: . 1) Mac and Cheese station! Such a cool concept!!! You don't see many of these around. I generally don't like Mac and Cheese, but this station was delicious! The chef behind the counter was hilarious. I said "Wow! This station is so popular!!" His response was," The last time I was popular was in high school." Friendly guy! . . 2) Desserts: DELICIOUS!!! The macaroons were so good!! I could probably just stand there and indulge at this station and get my money's worth..hahah (Not a good idea for my health though...). . 3) Cute presentations on some of the dishes. . Lowlights:. 1) Salad station was disappointing--no WOW factor. 2) Meat station did not have a lot of variety. I am not a big meat eater, but there wasn't much to choose from. . Overall, not TOO shabby. Would drop by again if I am in the area!
Damn... this place is IMPRESSIVE. Upon walking in, I was completely taken aback by the busyness of it all. People everywhere. Food everywhere. We sat down at a table and were given a few bottles of water and our first round of drinks. I really wish they would've kept the water coming... It had been a rough night for all of us and we needed some hydration. The service was pretty slow, however, the food made up for it. I went and started browsing around and scouring my options. My first plate (ya so what I had two plates plus dessert) was some salami, cheese, pizza, Asian style noodles, yogurt parfait, and some pineapple. You can probably tell by the variety of my food selections that I was completely overwhelmed and just threw everything on my plate that I could fit. My first plate of the aforementioned items was delicious. There was not even one item that I did not thoroughly enjoy. The fruit was fresh, the salami was salty, and the noodles and pizza were hot. For my second plate, I decided that since the Asian noodles were so absurdly good that I would load up on that, some more pizza slices, rice, and some Korean beef. Again, everything was delicious. Absolutely no complaints. I obviously had to finish up with dessert, since, let's be honest, who would turn down that dessert selection even if you are about to bust the button off of your pants? I had some cheesecake, carmel candy bar gelato, a dum dum, and a creme puff. Talk about the cherry on top of a perfect meal. I do caution you; I was quite sleepy after leaving the Wicked Spoon buffet, which resulted in a four hour nap that afternoon. Could have been the night before kicking in, but i'm gonna say it was the buffet and the grotesque amount of food that I consumed.
Wicked Spoon is a pretty good Vegas buffet to visit. The brunch is really solid and features many good items. They have this amazing watermelon juice which is delicious, and they have bone marrow which is very different than anything any other buffet has, it was very tasty. We went for a late brunch so we were able to eat dinner as well! The prime rib and lobster were fantastic. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because in order to add champagne and mimosas it was an extra $10 per person which can get pricey.
Disappointed on their selection of breads to compliment your meal and no soups! But great flavors, loved the small individual servings!
I can eat, but Wicked Spoon defeated me!  There were so many things that I wanted to eat but did not have the room in my stomach for.  I filled up 3 full plates and barely had a little taste of everything that I wanted to try! The quality of the food for a buffet was very good, but I noticed that everything was a little extra salty. The selection was overwhelming (in a good way)  After being so totally full, took a deep breath and had a plate of dessert (because we all know that there is a different area in the stomach for dessert!)  The blueberry crumble was absolutely delicious!  For a buffet, this is probably one of the best that I have been to.
Boyfriend feasted on shrimps while the girlfriend feasted on everything breakfast related. . . "Other" buffets on the strip has more selections. But we weren't dissatisfied regardless. Desserts, Asian, Crabs, salad bar, etc. Waited no more than 5min for a table. Waiter was prompt and very attentive. All of them were really which was good cause it seemed pretty busy. Cost more than your average buffet but with good reason. The food is good.
Definitely enjoyed the brunch buffet!  Quick seating and great decor.. . The food was great!  A few highlights:. Salad bar?  Maybe a bit small, but still a good variety. Pasta section - Try the Mac and Cheese?  Yummy!  The "Wicked Pizza"  was good too!. Meats were a bit limited, but what was there was great! The fresh-carved bacon was amazing!  The bone marrow was interesting, but it was my first time, so I'm not an expert.. Breakfast foods were yummy!  The Eggs Benedict and the Hash were definite highlights.. The dessert section was heavenly!  Yummy gelato, and the mango-tart-thingy was divine!  My MIL loved the Macaroons, but I was too stuffed to try it.. . Would definitely visit again!  (On a side note, if you're at The Cosmopolitan, seek out the "hidden" pizzeria on the 2nd floor.  Pretty great spot for a quick, cheap lunch.)
Great buffet, stylish samplings, something for everyone.. . I love the chic serving sizes of this buffet... Mini baskets with fried chicken, mini eggs Benedict , tiny scoops of gelato... It's perfect. I dined here for a birthday brunch and took 3 trips to the food stations but didn't feel overstuffed... You can literally try dozens of gourmet treats without feeling guilty. . . The rice pudding, kale salad, beets, sausage selection is great. There is something for everyone ... The seafood lover, the vegetarian, the home style food lover.. . Service is also good... Just ask for coffee or mimosas and they magically appear!
Having been to Las Vegas over 30 times the lure of buffets has faded for me years ago. My date (wife of 33 years) has only been to Vegas 5 or 6 times so the idea of paying $26 and eating yourself to oblivion for breakfast is still a thrill. The Wicked Spoon is a good compromise in that they portion control what they serve and the selection and quality are not the usual Vegas buffet slop. Unusual items such as home made Italian Sausage and Watermelon cup with Marscapone cheese and Balsamic vinegar. Worth the price and overeating is purely voluntary.
Great buffet!. . This was my first Vegas Buffet...the bad part is it ruined the others!. . Excellent selections and very clean.  The service was not "perfect" but no real issues...maybe most notable is the lack of speed in service.. . I tried the brunch two mornings in a row, they changed the offerings up, which was perfect.. . Everything I tried was fresh and cooked well.. . I can not imagine a better selection.
Great food but crab was very cheap quality..at about $41 a person not that I have a problem with the price it just didn't  feel like you got what you paid for..the things that stood out though that everyone has to try is. . Prime rib (amazing). Shrimp and grits. Watermelon and marscapone salad. Fried chicken . Bone marrow. And definitely all the desserts! . . I probably won't come back until they drop the price but I doubt they will
Best buffet in vegas hands down, they do small portions in single serve containers versus troth style which is nice. While you can try as much as you want if you don't like something you at least didn't fill half your plate with it. If you did like go back for more.
Costly for sure, but when you're servicing up bone marrow I won't complain.  I enjoyed my time stuffing my face here, but I got full way to face due to the fact most of the meal are on the savory side. . . Extremely long wait...
I'm so glad my group and I chose Wicked Spoon for our first brunch buffet experience in Vegas. It was close to our hotel, offered bottomless brunch cocktails (for an extra $10 charge -- fair enough), super impressive selection, great quality of food and attentive service. . . I started at the salad station, which was packed with healthy and interesting options including kale, wild mushrooms, gigante beans, heirloom tomatoes & feta, watermelon & mascarpone, figs & gorgonzola... I could have filled several plates just from thisstation. Some other favorite dishes I tried were the Creamy Polenta with Pesto, Eggs Benedict, Pumpkin Spice Pancakes, French Toast and Peanut Butter Blondies. I spent way too much time at the dessert station, loading up on Petit Fours, pastries, tarts, cookies, candy and giant chocolate covered strawberries. I only wish I had saved room to sample from the massive gelato display.. . Wicked Spoon had a few weak points: They seemed to run out of dishes often that were then not refilled. They had no guacamole or avocado on the entire buffet. While they had tons of options for vegetarians, I was a little disappointed that so many of the items (even the salads) included some form of ham, bacon or pancetta. I was turned off by the look of the sushi, which was dubious at best. The Chocolate Molten Lava Cakes were cold, kinda defeating that whole "molten" thing. . . All in all, I left this buffet extremely fat and happy. The next time I am ready to subject my body to embarrassing levels of caloric intake in Vegas, I will waddle myself straight over to Wicked Spoon.
We went here for brunch and boy was I glad. Was it that I paid for the extra $10 unlimited mimosas? Perhaps. Was it the perfect sized plated dishes? Possibly. Was it the endless choices of delicious foods? Definitely!. . Some of the highlights (besides the unlimited mimosas) included this tiny amuse de bouche size of watermelon, balsamic glaze and creme fraiche - I had three of these! House cured bacon - yes, please! Try the tasty meatballs and wicked wings and of course, the Asian fare which included kalbi, shrimp congee. I think the other buffet did the Asian better. Oh they have about 20 types of delicious gelato and some great desserts. Our server was sweet and never had empty plates or glasses on our table for long.. . Some misses were the carving station guy who looked super bored and plopped the extra large helpings of ham, sausage onto my dish, the extra hard teeth-chipping egg Benedict. Their kalbi was a bit too sweet and way to chewy. Some of their foods were just plain cold which is a shame.. . I thought the food here was more nuanced and vegetable choices had more variety. it wasn't just salad bar of veggies. Sadly, I saw people getting bagels and oatmeal but they may not want to divulge on the food gastronomic decadence.
Just got back from Vega and I went to Wicked Spoon on a Sunday night, the food quality was fantastic but the variety was limiting. Overall I would still give it 4 stars just on the quality of the food as well as the quality of the service. I think we pad $41 per person but I got a buy one get one free coupon on my united airlines flight. I would recommend to anyone to go to this buffet if they get a chance.
After reading the reviews and hearing people talk about the Wicked Spoon I was excited to eat  there.  . . The experience was pretty fun over all.  And yes, the food is pretty good.  The way the food is set up does not make you feel like you are a one of those buffets where the food is just pilled up.  Everything is served in individually on plates or small bowls.. . The desert bar is amazing.  They have all kinds of sweets, chocolate covered strawberries,cookies, cakes, pies, and ice cream.. . Over all great place to have brunch.  It is a little pricey on weekends, but well worth it.
Talk about a buffet you MUST go to! THIS is the place to go for endless portions of high quality food. There are tons of options to choose from when it comes to buffets in Vegas and a lot of people that the buffets at Rio and Bellagio are hard to beat, and if that's the case, Wicked Spoon definitely gives those places a run for its money. If you the opportunity to go to Wicked Spoon....don't argue, just go! .....NOW! Haha. . The Place -. There isn't anything too special about the place; however the tables and chairs are definitely of good quality and they keep the place really clean. If it weren't for the obvious buffet stations and people constantly getting up for their 3rd of 4th plates, you can sometimes forget that you're in a buffet at all!. ***** 5/5 Stars *****. . The Service -. I was in town for a conference and, coming here before, I just KNEW I had to come here again to their delicious brunch options. Even though it's a buffet, that does not mean excellent customer service is NOT required and Wicked Spoon definitely delivers. The cashiers were all very friendly and always had smiles on their faces. The hostess who took me to my seat was very social, nice, and struck up general conversation as we walked. As soon as I sat down, I was approached by the waiter responsible for my section and he immediately took my drink order. The drinks stayed full and he was always asking if I needed anything else or if everything was ok. Really great job, guys!. **** 4/5 Stars ****. . The Food -. If I wrote about all the food options they offer, I'm sure I would exceed the character limit for Yelp Reviews and would also be forced to split it into various chapters haha. So with that being said, EVERYTHING here is delicious and of GREAT quality. What really makes Wicked Spoon unique, however, is their method of presenting certain entrees. Some dishes, like the fried chicken, come in their own miniature deep fry basket that you put on your plate and others come in ramekins or miniature griddles, such as the mac & cheese and others. There's a typical carvery with fresh cooked meats and during brunch, there's an omelette station that also offers egg white omelettes should you want one. The salads and fruit options are all fresh and in that same section, freshly carved deli meats are available as well....reminded me much of a charcuterie. Before this portion goes on forever, I'm just gonna leave it at Wicked Spoon not having a bad thing on their offerings. Like I said, EVERYTHING is delicious and everyone should be able to find something appealing to their taste buds and palette.. **** 4/5 Stars ****. . Overall -. I try and make it a point to come to Wicked Spoon every time I come to Vegas. While the Bellagio buffet is still pretty good, it's outdated...and while the Rio is regarded as having one of the best buffets in Vegas, it's a little ways off the strip and can sometimes be an inconvenience. Wicked Spoon is situated, conveniently, on The Strip and offers great food on top of that. If you're looking for a buffet that separates itself from the rest with delicious food, look no further and come to Wicked Spoon! I promise, you won't regret it! Thanks!
All I can say is, wow, wow, wow.  Now, don't get me wrong, the Wicked Spoon was not the perfect buffet, but I can tell you this: it was without a doubt the best buffet I have been to in Las Vegas in years, and that is a lot of different buffets.  Just to make sure, we went again the next night because my wife had won a free dinner on the Identity Member wheel and we thought "Well, lets use it because we dont want to lose it in 7 days", plus, it was just that good the first time to go back the next night.. . The choices include typical buffet foods such as prime rib and cold crab legs, but after that the differences range from subtle to what I would consider, broad.  Sublle differences included ricotta creamed spinach (aswesome, silky and flavorful), shrimps sauteed to order in mango butter or a selection of others, and our favorite: roaste bone marrow.  Broad differences included grilled cowboy bacon (pork belly in a  zesty bbq sauce) to deep-fried pig's tail.. . All of the food was really, really good and at times bordering on great.  Seasoning was spot on in most cases, What also  makes this unique is the portioning: much of the food comes already in these great little containers that look like littel saute pans or pots.
Finally got to try this place after many recommendations and convincing not to go to my other favorite buffets. Three words to describe this buffet: modern, elegance, style. . . Loved the decor of this place. Almost felt underdressed although I was pretty dressed up that day. I was even excited with the complimentary bottle of water at every table. Convenient and thoughtful. . . I was excited to check out the food since I've heard so many good things about it. There were different types of food I haven't seen at other buffets and was delighted to see the mini takeout boxes filled with a variety of Asian food. . . To be honest, the food was just okay for me. Nothing really wowed me, but fascinated me, such as the Watermelon Salad with marscapone cheese, Bone Marrow, and Kale Apple and Pear salad. . . The service was superb, our waitress was friendly and helpful. I'm giving a star just for the service.. . I'm not sure if Wicked Spoon will be my next first choice of buffets, but I wouldn't mind coming back to give it another try.
My new favorite buffet in Vegas!. . $26 per person for lunch - all you can eat including nonalcoholic drinks. I think endless mimosas is $15 more. . . Yummy items:. Watermelon salad. Mushroom pasta. Prime Rib. Bone Marrow. Pumpkin Pancakes. Guava Juice. . Everything comes as a small plate so you can pick a bunch of different items to eat on your own or share with friends. . . The dessert bar looks pretty elaborate but nothing was amazing.
Great buffet with really rich foods (bone marrow) and hearty meat dishes.  A little tougher to eat since a lot of the dishes are individually plated.  usually I liek to get smaller portions, so here I had to coordinate with my wife to share dishes or else we would have wasted a lot of food.
This is a great environment once you get in. The line to pay and get seated can be quite long, especially if you come during brunch buffet hours. It's around $28 per person. . . The buffet itself is pretty good. They have some great items and a few misses. Overall you will have very good food prepared carefully, which is a challenge at a buffet. Service for clearing plates from the table is very good. They have good ranging from sushi to pork belly to omelets to kale salad. I would say there are about 100 items in the buffet. .  . My favorites:. 1. Creamed corn. 2. Pumpkin pancake. 3. All the desserts . 4. Spaghetti with mushrooms. 5. Porkbelly
Wicked Spoon is wicked good....for a buffet!  I have to add that because I feel that buffets are never really that great-the food is never hot.  And that's the same case here, nothing was hot, some things were hot enough.  But there was a great variety of  good food!  My other complaint with this place is that on some items there were signs that says contains nuts-I grabbed a yogurt parfait which I thought only had granola in it but when I poked around it looked like there were almond or walnuts, which obviously I'm allergic to.  . . We came for Sunday brunch.  My favorites were the angry mac and cheese and chocolate doughnuts.  I probably would have more favorites but unfortunately I filled up pretty fast!  I would definitely come back!
One of my more pleasant buffet experiences. I really appreciate the smaller portions and individual plating, it really held back my glutonnous side, lol, which is a good thing! The selection is not huge, but even so your still not able to sample everything. I recommend going during weekday brunch for the best value ($26) but keep in mind you must enter before 2 p.m. I definitely will return here on my next trip to Vegas.
This buffet was on my must try list after seeing so many rave reviews on Yelp. I made sure it was my #1 stop after arriving in Vegas, luckily there were no lines because we arrived at 5 pm which is when they open for dinner.. Each table is set up beautifully with wine glasses, heavy silverware, and a bottle of free wine along with a glass bottle of water.. . Now, for the food.... -shrimp ceviche was AWESOME!!! With a sour kick I had thirds I think.... -Shrimp cocktail with shells I ate so much of my cholesterol is probably off the charts!. -hummus dip with a crispy tasty toasted pita?..delicious!!had seconds as well.. -cheese bar like any other Vegas buffet. -prime rib was soft and super juicy with tons of ah jus sauce.. -bone marrow was different from what I imagined..seemed like it was all FAT inside but the ones I'm accustomed to is actual soft bone marrow..so it was bleh... Mac& cheese bar : the guy working was supercool as this finicky eater asked for spinach, onions, tomato, bacons, mushrooms as toppings. And guess what?! Its made of REAL CHEDDAR!!!. -their salad bar is pretty decent with my favorite whole wedge of iceberg lettuce and other kinds of salad already made for you. . -theres a dish..the watermelon with some creamy sauce on top which was o so delicious!!. - pecan brittle with bleu cheese also yummy!. Lastly, dessert!! Their dessert section was nicely set up. My husband loved their cheesecake...supposedly the best cheesecake hes ever had???. - their gelatos were delish so we tried multiple flavors like blood red orange, rasberry sorbet, thai, NUTELLA, cookies n cream, almond.. - oreo covered chocolate strawberries were awesome! What a cool new twist!!!. . You must try this place at least once even though its so expensive...our total came out to 80+ tip for two people which is high for a buffet BUT you are getting good food. Compared to Bacchanal, I prefer this place, but my husband likes the Caesars one better because hes not a fan of seafood and felt he didn't have too much food to indulge on ;). -
Been here twice for lunch with my buddies. It was not more than $25 which is a really good deal for such a good quality buffet like this one. I have tried many buffets in Vegas and this one is by far one of my favorites (yes better than Bellagio). They have so much variety omg. Shrimp, salmon, trip tip, prime rib, omelet stations, salad bars, Chinese, Japanese, American, Italian and much much more. My favorites were the salmon, their spicy mac n cheese, shrimp, and prime rib. However, everything in general is delicious!! I like how everything is served in an individual portion so you don't have to scoop anything out. Just grab and go! The most outstanding thing is probably their desserts. Omg I have the biggest sweet tooth and as soon as I saw that they have gelato I knew I had to get on that as well as their macaroons!!! I love this buffet I'm coming here next time for sure.
They have a very good selection of goodies. I appreciate that most of their items are portioned out so not of lots of people going through the food like at other buffets - where serving spoons fall into the food in the trays yuck!
It's definitely pricey but if you go hungry you will absolutely get your money's worth! The dining room is large so you won't have to wait forever for seating and the selection is incredible! The dessert buffet along is phenomenal. I loved that so many of the items came in small portions  (pre-measured into cups, bowls, etc) so you just grab one and go. Don't worry- when you decide that you love the pasta dish or gelato, you can easily go grab another serving. . I was so satisfied with their selection and quality! This is a must try brunch stop!
This has become the number one request from my boyfriend on our Vegas outings. I swear, it's what he looks forward to the most!  Wide offering of delicious food in small portions- don't worry, you can always go back for more! Oh, and save room for dessert!!
Went to the wicked spoon to try it out. After reading many reviews which put it with a good rating, i decided to try it out. Holy crap is it good. Between my fiancee and myself we tried many things and liked almost all of it. She got the one marrow and said it was good, just a bit greasy. She loved the crab legs. Me, I got some gnocchi in a cream sauce that was exceptional, the meatballs are fantastic, the Sheppards pie, the best I have had yet. But even with that, my 2 favorite things were the carnitas, served kind of in a deconstructed way and the fried chicken, utterly divine. So with all this great food, We decide to go for dessert. That is when things kind of went south. We found them to be a bit bland, a bit lacking in selection, basically just not as good as the Caesars's buffet, but a close second. If they fix the desserts, they could easily be neck and neck with the Caesar's Bacchanal buffet as the best in Las Vegas.
I"m not a buffet person at all, but I can't say enough good things about this place.. . Great options..breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert... . . $22 on weekdays, $29 on weekends, $37 with unlimited mimosas or bloody marys.. . . give it a shot, you'll be glad you did .
In terms of buffet restaurants in general, this is an amazing place.  However, this is Las Vegas, land of the buffets, and so we have to hold it to a slightly higher standard.  The bottom line is that this is one of the better buffet restaurants in this town, but definitely not the best, and not even in the top ten.  There are places in this town where eating at a buffet is like eating at a food court with ten separate restaurants in one place.  This isn't one of those places.  It's a simpler place with a comparatively smaller selection.  The Japanese section only had four different kinds of sushi.  The seafood section was similarly sparse.  I did like the Chinese sectionwith the chow mein.  I liked how the food came pre-packaged in Chinese take-out containers.  The section with the pizza only had four different types of pizza, and all of them were generic pizza toppings.  The one saving grace in this place is the dessert section.  They had an entire sugar-free dessert section, and I tried one of just about ever item in this section.  Everything was delicious.  The gelato section is also excellent.  There were at least 20 different flavors of ice cream.  I was upset that I didn't have room in my stomach for more than two.  . . There are many buffets in Vegas of this caliber.  This particular one is in The Cosmopolitan hotel, which is considered one of the nicer, more trendy hotels.  I think much of the lure of this hotel is heightened by the fact that it's right next door to the Bellagio, which is probably the most opulent hotel in Las Vegas.  If this hotel, and this buffet for that matter, were in any other part of the Vegas strip, it would be regarded as just another generic buffet.  That being said, if you happen onto this buffet, you won't be disappointed.
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner since he wanted to visit the hotel. . . The buffet was nice with absolutely wonderful services. Our waiter never let our water glasses get empty and he brought me drinks that I asked for right away. And our empty plates was taken right away.. . As for food, it was good nothing too special. My favorite item though was the pork belly in the Asian section.
I finally got to spend 3 hours at Wicked Spoon stuffing myself with food on a Sundaybefore leaving Vegas. . . Wicked Spoon does live up to its hype. There was a lot of food selections. But let me mention about their drinks first. They make delicious fruit drinks. DELICIOUS!!! We could not stop getting more and more. And they were in cute glass bottles. . . We came at noon time, so a lot of breakfast/brunch food was there. And of course, they have almost everything from Asian food to Italian, American and seafood. . We stayed too long so when we were about to leave, they had more food (probably for dinner time) coming out. And guess what, we stayed to eat some more. . . They started bringing out crab legs, steamed mussels, ceviche, snail salad, etc.. which they didn't have for lunch/brunch time. And they were absolutely YUM!!!. Did I mention about their antipasto? It was so good, too! Oh, and the blueberry pancake. I know I'm jumping around, but that was how I ate my food there too. I thought I'd finished..I started desserts and went back for more food.. . Everything there was nicely decorated...very cute. . Desserts are good, too with a lot of cakes, maccarons and macaroons..but I thought Bacchanal Desserts were better.
We came here for weekend brunch after reading all theamazing yelp reviews. FYI brunch is $26 on weekdays, but $34/person on weekends. . The service was okay, we initially got all our drinks right away, but our plates stacked up throughout the meal.. maybe we ate too much. . . I loved the polenta dish, the wedge salad, yogurt parfait. the french toast was absolutely delicious-- the swirled in cinnamon flavors were much richer than I expected. The desserts were great, and they have a nice gelato selection-- I was amused by the Thai Tea gelato; the best was probably the Almond Joy. The juices were good as well.. Bf loved the fried chicken, beet salad, white chocolate mouse topped with gold flakes.. . Compared to Bacchanal, the variety/quality/creativity were all  less in my opinion. There is a good variety of meat, and I loved that they had bone marrow (remember to add the chimichurri!), but there is very little seafood except for smoked salmon and a few types of sushi that were pretty bland. If you're into seafood, this is not the place, at least not for their brunch/lunch. Bacchanal also does better with their thematic cuisines, for example while Bacchanal has an impressive array of dim sum, stir fried vegetable./rice/ noodle dishes, noodle soups, sushi for their asian cuisine, Wicked spoon had 3 somewhat cheesily boxed dishes of rice and noodles and 4 types of sushi.  It is still worth trying for sure though !
This is a great buffet place in Vegas! The decor is modern, sophisticated and very clean. The service was great and wait time just less than 15 minutes considering it was a busy time of the day.. . The food was just exceptional for a buffet. The dishes were all so tasteful and there were bountiful of choices to choose from. Dishes were also played very nicely and everything looked so appetizing. . . This is definitely one of the must try buffet place in Vegas.
For a Vegas buffet, this one is one the best I've been to. Nothing tastes the same.  . . I went for brunch time on a Saturday, so the line was about a 30 minute wait.  I asked the cashier at the front if we could pay to skip the line (cuz you can do that everywhere in Vegas) and she got all snooty about it, said I'd have to go back downstairs and speak with the concierge, but no skipping the line with her. Calm down, lady. Just asking.. . Favorite highlights were the mini pumpkin pancakes, angry mac and cheese, warm apple cobbler.  Love that they have homemade juices (like a juice bar) and a gelato station. I did not go for much of the asian stuff just because we ate at Hakkasan the night before, but the fried rice was pretty good for a buffet.. . I love that they have things in little pots or little bowls for you to take back to your table, it's so cute! It took the worry out of the portion sizing and also made the lines go faster because you could just pick up a little pot and walk away instead of waiting for someone to scoop. . . If you are in the mood for a buffet, I recommend doing this one! So good.
I love this buffet. Have done it three or four times now. Have taken folks right from McCarran. Especially love the small creamy polenta....how do they do that?. . But here's the gripe...those are the most hideous uniforms I have ever seen on the female wait staff. Not one woman looked attractive in them...they seem to highlight everyone's worst feature! I can't imagine putting that on every day! Geez, beautiful place...give the staff attractive uniforms. IHOP has better outfits.
Came here for brunch....amazing. The food was delicious-fresh& tasty. The angry Mac N cheese is a must try. (Warning:spicy). Another favorite: the French toast (moist & flavorful). Chocolate covered strawberries & apple donuts were my favorite for sweets. . The place is beautiful & modern. Short wait. A bit pricey $39 per person. But worth every penny. Come hungry-there's more food than you could imagine. . Took away one star because it's a bit pricey & also for there pork looking pink. . Sausage and meatballs that were pork had a raw like pink color. Waitress told us it's from some colored salt or seasoning of some kind. Still, I couldn't get past that it looked raw. Gross. She assured us it wasn't and had chef check temperature on it. (Good service).
Came for brunch... Yum! One of the eat buffets in Vegas! The selection is pretty good and it actually tastes good too.. Buffets in Rio or planet Hollywood might have alot, but you get one thing and everything tastes the same.... Tuna tar tar.. Tastes like the orange chicken..... At least here everything has a distinct taste.. And is good =] ( PS...good hang over food and bonding, from partying and throwing up the night before at  Marquee ;) lol
Excellent! Have only tried two buffets in Vegas thus far but this one was my favorite. The price was a little expensive but the cashier told us it was because it was Thanksigiving weekend and there are many more additional foods provided including a traditional Thanksgiving meal. The ambiance in here was really nice with dim mood lighting and a more "trendy" feel that the other buffet I went too at the Aria. I loved the make your own Mac & Cheese bar and the mini fry buckets of fried chicken. The mini boxes of fried rice and the Korean Bul-kogi were also some of my favorites! The thanksgiving stuffing was also really delicious! I had seconds and thirds. The gelato bar at Wicked Spoon was also great! The Salted Caramel & Nutella were two of my favorites! Would recommend this buffet to anyone staying on the Strip!  You won't be disappointed!
Hands down favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I'm personally not a big fan of buffets and over indulging myself, but I will for this place. . . They have a great variety offood. Just about everything is portioned out in little cups, pots, fry baskets, etc. which is great alternative to most buffets where you just slop on whatever with a giant spoon with food stuck on it. The dessert bar is probably my favorite part and I don't have a huge sweet tooth. The thai tea gelato is a must have!. . The buffet is on the pricier side, but well worth it. My only complaint would be the vegetarian options. They do provide more than the average buffet, but the last time I was there I visited the mac and cheese station twice so I could get my monies worth.. . Overall, great buffet!
IMHO, Bacchanal may have the best buffet, but Wicked Spoon has the best desserts.. . I'm not usually a dessert guy, but there was one dish from here that literally made me cry. True story. More on that later.... . Wicked Spoon offers a smorgasbord of small plates that are decadently rich in flavor, calories, cholesterol and so on. Most of everything is plated beautifully so it's very pleasing on the eyes as well as your stomach. If it's not plated, it's in a small container that makes it easy to carry as well as to eat. It's definitely not a buffet that leaves a huge mess. . . They have all kinds of protein from pork belly, kalbi-style ribs, lamb, prime rib etc... What also stands out from other buffets is that they serve bone marrows. Yes, that rich, fatty, oily, creamy part inside the bone that will ensure your arteries will clog, your blood pressure will rise and makes your brain say "Uncle" on the richness and fattiness on every single bite similar to Foie Gras. It's definitely not a food that one should eat everyday, but in moderation. Oh, but sprinkle some kosher salt and spread it on a cracker and it's irresistible.. . They have seafood, salad, pasta, pizza, Chinese, Mexican, Italian and so on. Another plate that me and the Wifey kept going back for was the savory watermelon on a bed of Balsamic Vinegar topped with cream cheese was oh so good. It's a one-bite plate and everything comes together with a perfect balance and flavor note. It's also light so I didn't feel so guilty stuffing my mouth like a garbage compactor. Well...I probably had 8 plates of that thing. . . I didn't try everything as I made sure to save room for desserts. The gelatos were on point and the Coffee-flavored gelato had nibbles of wafers in them giving it an added texture and flavor, which was a nice surprise. I also had the Thai Tea-flavored gelato and Wifey had the Pistachio. . . And for me, the piece de resistance was the White Chocolate Mousse Cake with Exotic Cream. Like I mentioned, I'm not usually a dessert guy and I shouldn't be eating desserts for personal reasons, but this one dessert was on another level. From just looking at it, it looks like a simple dessert cake with a gold leaf topping. But one bite took me to a happy place way back during my childhood that instantly made me think of my mom. I was crying with joy and happiness and even tried to prevent a tear from falling on the corner of my eye to no avail. . . Every other bite could not stop the tear from falling onto my cheeks as I thought of my mom. This dessert literally reminded me of my mom. The sweetness was just right as it was not overly sweet. The shell of the exterior, the filling and the pie crust combined together with the tanginess of the sauce made a perfect blend that created a harmonious music in my mouth. All the components together was so perfectly balanced and easily ranked as one of the best desserts I've ever tasted. . . Just thinking about it is making me tear up again. . . *sigh*. . For a dessert dish that makes me think of my mom is surely a special dish in my book. It's WICKED!
Pricy for dinner so if you're on a budget try the lunch. We paid $88 for dinner after tax. Husband eats quite a lot so he got his money's worth but buffets are never a good deal for someone my size. That being said, lots of variety - I love how they present all the food in individual portions. Taste was great. Dessert was beautiful but overly rich and we tried a little of everything with both of us not feeling impressed by the end. Overall good experience though.
Definitely worth the 34 bucks for brunch.  There was only a short wait (15-20 mins) to be seated.  I hate long buffet lines, so this was a big plus!  All the staff were really nice.  Not a wide variety, but the food was exceptional.  The desserts are phenomenal
As far as Vegas buffets go, Wicked Spoon is hard to beat. I've been for both brunch and dinner on multiple occasions, and there is always an impressive selection of many different types of food for both. I prefer the brunch for a few reasons: . . 1) The option for BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS for $15 or so. Go with the right crowd and you can start your Vegas partying off right -- the last time we went, the waiters just brought out bottles on ice for us. Nice touch. . 2) Brunch is less crowded. We waited upwards of 45 minutes to be seated for dinner, while we walked right in at brunch on a Saturday morning.. 3) I'd much rather gorge myself on breakfast goodies like pumpkin pancakes, french toast, and biscuits n' gravy, but that's just a personal preference.. . The only reason it doesn't get that 5th star is because it's really pricey. $100 for two people at brunch isn't chump change, especially when you can eat just as much at Hash House for less than half that cost.
Wicked Spoon is bomb diggity! Selection is not as wide as some other Vegas buffets, but what they have is delish! Minus 1 star only because the seafood dept is severely lacking and I am a huge seafood fan. Desserts are on point! I prefer Wicked Spoon over Bacchanal.
I was so excited to try this place after hearing people rave about how it's the best buffet right now. The food was okay. While walking us to our seats, the host was telling us about the Galbi but it was over cooked. The lady we spoke to over the phone earlier that day told us to wait for dinner if we wanted king crab legs but there were only snow crab legs when we got there. The dishes here are done decently and I like that they have hot and sour soup but for the price I would go with the other buffet choices out there.. . Our waitress and the host were friendly and took the time to chat it up with us. My favorite part of the buffet would probably be the salad/appetizer section. They had octopus, shrimps, and a watermelon salad.  I might be getting to old for buffets. I felt like I needed to be rolled out of there after eating past my limit.
A little pricey considering most people probably won't eat enough to cover the cost. But all in all, no complaints. Food was very good and variety was awesome. Plenty there to cover most food wants and needs, including gluten-free and lactose-free. I'm not affected by either of those really, but good to see they thought of those people who are. And when you're hungover, Wicked Spoon is a great place to get you back on track.
I read reviews on here prior to going comparing to Caesar buffet.  we needed a lunch buffet prior to flying home so this came above Caesar due to location (it was walking dist from Vdara).. the cost was $26 for lunch (online site said $23.99) but i didn't bother to ask.  We were hungry with friend from out of town so wanted to eat.. . the portion for each dish was enough so i tried a few things, the mushroom truffle sauce was delicious and so was the mac & cheese ( not for kid since our son love mac and cheese BUT this one was bit spicy).  meats were  lot of varieties but i didn't try it, too much from bellagio's buffet the night before already, similar compared to this one.. . the desserts were great, many flavors but i tried 4 diff gelato out of 12-15 and they were great.. . i'd recommend to try this place out when you're in LV.
Stayed four nights at this hotel and on last night of my stay, finally dined at their buffet. It wasn't crowded but the place was somewhat busy. The food wasn't spectacular, but good enough for me to finish everything I brought to my table. Disappointed with the crab legs. Otherwise, they had some items to make me consider coming back next time. The price was reasonable. The suite I stay in and the style of the hotel are what attract me here. And the buffet is convenient. The ambience at the buffet is appealing and somewhat unique. They think outside the box to some extent and it works. It's not the best buffet in Vegas, but I wouldn't mind eat here, especially if I stay at the hotel.
Great food nice host. We enjoyed our self. Love the food. We are still eating and loving each bite. Enjoying some great time with family friends and wifey. We are living it up in Vegas. We are still ready to party. And we aren't stopping until it's time to go. . . . Come eat play and enjoy.
Wicked spoon could easily be the best buffet in Vegas IF they have a better seafood selection.. Other that seafood, other stations are really great for a buffet place. The star of our meal was the bone marrow and crispy pork, and desserts.
Wicked spoon is not your typical buffet. They offer a variety of well thought of gourmet dishes. The dishes reflect Cosmopolitan's "Right amount of wrong". From the bone marrow, lamb shanks and truffle risotto, it's just the right amount of wrong to look for in a good dining experience.  I can see how a lot of people wouldn't like it because you don't find the usual stuff you get from a typical buffet. They do have a lot of stuff that you don't typically find on other buffet/restaurant. Quality of food is excellent. Fresh and prepared creatively. If your looking for a unique dining experience this is the place to go.
Had lunch for the second time there. Really good buffet with veriaty of foods as well as amazing deserts. Consider myself a big fan of restaurants, I liked the quality of food especially the meat section here. Breakfast section was also good. The only complain is about sea food section which didn't have much verity and quality wasn't top notch. Other complain which applies to almost all good buffets in Vegas is that you have pay more on holidays. So be aware of that. If you are fan of sea food, definitely look somewhere else otherwise this is the place to fill your Vegas appetite.
I was curious about trying the Wicked Spoon Buffet because of the mixed reviews and my friends told me it was one of the best buffets. At that time, me and my Mom were leaning towards eating at, The Buffet, at the Bellagio but we wanted to try something new and went with the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.. . Just walking from the strip towards the Wicked Spoon was a challenge on it's own. Walking through the casino towards the West Tower, then up the escalator through the long hallway, and you're there! . . Phew!!. . The Buffet was much cheaper then the Bellagio Buffet so that was a plus and the decor was very chic and modern, just like the rest of the Cosmo. Service was excellent, the layout of Wicked Spoon took sometime to navigate, food was great but not excellent. The individual pots and plates used to pick up the food was fun, but when it came time to clear out the table, it would just pile up until our waitress noticed. . . Dessert was declious and I loved the variety of fresh fruit, cakes, ice cream, and sweets to spoil your sweet tooth. We came during lunch time, so I'll just have to see how their dinner goes. Until next time!
THE best Sunday brunch I ever had.  The food was outstanding, everything was delicious.  If you don't mind standing in a short line to get in, then you'll be happy too.
I fly out to Vegas just to eat here! It's located in the Cosmopolitan hotel, and can be a bit of a difficult walk to find. I love the design, layout, and the whole ambience of the restaurant. When you come for dinner it is about $45 dollars a person, and for lunch it is about half the price. I've been here several times for both and I would very much recommend coming here for lunch for their quality of food is just about the same! Also, the wait for dinner can be very long. . . They have an appetizer area with various salads, cheeses, and many other types of specialties which always varies. They also have a macaroni bar where you can choose your own toppings to have mixed in into your personal bowl. Along with their huge selection of various entree foods, they do have a sushi area, and a large dessert area with pretty little pastries/desserts as well as gelato. . . I love how they have some of their selections already separated into portions on a mini pan. Remember that you do not have to finish everything, so that you have room to try everything else out! . . I never seemed to receive great service from the workers though. It would always take a long time for my old plate to be taken, and they do not check up on you often. But other than that, this is my all-time favorite buffet to go to.
Although I keep saying that I'm over buffets, I've been wanting to check out Wicked Spoon for a while and I'm glad I finally got to come!. . I couldn't find the price on the Cosmopolitan website, but I saw somewhere else that weekend dinner was $41. When we arrived it was $47 (on a Sunday), so I don't know if this was a special holiday price or if the other website was just wrong. It's $10 extra for unlimited wine, which you serve yourself through those cool wine dispensers. We arrived around 4:30 so there was no wait and we were seated immediately. . . Highlights for me included the prime rib and prime rib bones, mushroom risotto and the canellini beans with braised beef (which I really need the recipe for!) The fried chicken wings were nice and crispy and I also liked the mini shepherds pie. I just wish I had room for the mac & cheese bar! Disappointments included the puny crab legs with no butter and surprisingly - the desserts. The gelato and the chocolate covered strawberries were good, but I wish there was a bigger and better dessert selection overall.. . I would definitely be interested in returning, but I need to lose some weight or buy bigger, more elastic pants first!
As a vegetarian diner, I felt the price ($42+tax) was overpriced, but I tried to get the most bang for my buck. I got multiple servings of their exotic desserts, especially the sugar-free cakes, mango mousse cake, and pistachio gelato. I really could eat them all day long! The angry mac and cheese gave the perfect kick of hot and cheesy goodness, served in adorable tiny pots with mini-handles! I'd recommend this place if you're looking to try novel foods with interesting presentation, because most other food options here can be found at other buffets with cheaper admission fees on the Strip.
LONG LINES... but worth it if you can eat.. . My family (4 people including me) came at 6pm and waited 2 hours to be seated for dinner. We stood in line to pay and thought, "Oh line isn't so bad." HOWEVER we soon noticed the other long line to get seated... Some people have a representative stand in line while the rest wander or sit elsewhere (near outlets for example). . . The quality of food here is better than that at other Vegas buffets (such as the one at Wynn). I liked the mac and cheese I got to put together at the mac and cheese bar, but it's heavy so don't eat much of it if you want to make space for other stuff at the buffet!! The kalbi (korean bbq) here is way too tough; I had to chew forever and I eventually just spat some of it out. I looked through some of the pics on Yelp, and I didn't see all those gooooooood desserts when I went to Wicked Spoon hmmph.... there were very few desserts out..... but the ice cream was really good mmmmmmm. Same with the chocolate covered strawberries.. . I can't eat much, so I definitely didn't eat $50 worth... I'm not a buffet person, but I just really wanted to try this place out because it had such good reviews on Yelp. You would think that after starving in line for 2 hours, I would be able to eat way more... but that was unfortunately not the case. I highly recommend this place for hungry people with large appetites!
Not bad.  Got there at 11:30 on a Friday. Waited about 30 min total. Brunch was $39 pp. No real nigiri sushi or shrimp.  I was expecting some crab legs but there were none. . Wait staff was attentive and courteous.
AMAZING food, the dessert section was probably the best part. Only problem was that we had to wait 2 1/2 hours for it... but what can you do? Good food=a long wait. Unfortunately, our server also was not the greatest AT FIRST. When we were just going to ask what types of sodas they had, she literally rolled her eyes and sighed as loudly as she could and walked away. Then later, she for some reason became very attentive and cleaned up our plates right away, etc. I don't know what changed her mind but that is just the experience we had with their service. Overall, BEST buffet we went to in vegas, MUCH better than bacchannal(IMO).
We had brunch at Wicked Spoon the morning before we came home. I didn't expect much because it was brunch on a weekday, most brunches are the same to me. The food was decent, nothing I did not like or hated. The service was pretty good. We had unlimited mimosas and the server was great about keeping our flutes filled or bringing us our next glass. I'd want to try this buffet for dinner though, it'll probably surprise me since the ratings have been pretty good.
Let me start by saying that Wicked Spoon is not like other buffets that I've been to in Las Vegas. It is also not Golden Corral (which is a good thing). Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, which if you're unfamiliar, is a relatively new and very chic hotel. They play up their chic ambiance in the buffet too. The space itself is lovely. Plush comfortable seating, tables are close but not uncomfortably close. You feel almost like you're in a lounge rather than a buffet. But do not fret, friends, the food is there just waiting for consumption by the masses. . . At Wicked Spoon, it's about presentation as well as. Their food is presented in small plates, single serve portions, as well as more self-service options. There is a salad station with a variety of small plated salads, charcuterie, pasta station, brunch food (I was there for brunch), Asian station, carving station, and a very large dessert station. Everything we ate was delicious; I can't remember every single dish but I will name my favorites. Watermelon salad with balsamic vinegar, pesto, and garnished with Mascarpone cheese, pasta with braised beef short ribs, bacon cured in house, sushi, and Angry Mac and Cheese (mac and cheese with a kick). I appreciated the small portions of the food. I was able to indulge and try multiple dishes without feeling terribly guilty. Dessert was amazing. They have different types of ice creams, gelatos, cakes, and cookies. I had the Thai ice cream- tastes just like Thai Ice Tea and gingerbread. . . At $42.00/ person for brunch, it is probably one of the more expensive buffets on the strip. For  $10 more you can upgrade for bottomless mimosas, champagne, or a Bloody Mary. Not bad overall.
This was one of the best LV buffets I've had and I've had my fill of buffets. I would have given it 5 stars but for the sheer disappointment with the mac and cheese station. I had such high expectations, but the mac and cheese was just a soupy, gooey, cheesy mess. . . The rest, however, made the pricey meal ticket worth it. Some of my favorites: tomato soup, lamb panini, fried chicken, mushroom risotto, carnitas tacos, and the ENTIRE dessert buffet.. . Not sure if I'd go back again because of the price tag, but I'm glad I was able to enjoy it once.
Have been here for second time. Have to say their quality is going down. I can give them five stars for last year. The bone definitely taste different with last year. It was their favorite dish. Now I have to say, I barely can find good buffet this year. All of the places just been spoiled too much. They no longer provide quality food which match their price. Maybe it's time to give up buffet in Las Vegas:(
I wish I could remember what the food tasted like. But my boyfriend liked it, so I'm giving them 4 stars for this review. His favorite item from wicked spoon was the bone marrow. "It was so amazing" . Haha. . The plating and presentation of the food was appetizing and appealing too. . . The cost per person was about $45-50 a person. . I would definitely come back here again, this time sober. Hahha
