The alaskan king crab legs were great this time.  They weren't frozen and salty like the time before.  The prime rib, however, was overcooked.  Gotta thank the poker room for comped dinners.
Im not a buffet person at all. But the friend I was with wanted buffet and their specialty ( or so they claim) is that its a seafood buffet, with option of unlimited champagne ( insert large smile here). . I think that for the price $24 with champagne $31. its great, for those of you that can't spend $24 on buffet at vegas, I don't think you should be in vegas. Or eat at buffalo bill's or its called bills now I think, whatever you get the idea. There is somewhat a variety, to be honest I really just loved the champagne.. . Some of the food was good, the only thing I had that I really thought was ridiculous was some sort of meat that was so dry , I couldn't eat it. . . The other thing I really thought was great that there was a ton of breakfast options, given the time that my friend I went there, it seems maybe they do breakfast all day. Eggs with hollaindase, regular eggs, potatoes,bacon, sausage, pancakes, etc.... overall the experience was fairly good, there are many options for different taste of people and there's dessert ( another star),gelato. Not sure what the new obsession with gelato is , but it seems to be in every corner in vegas, well at least in the more upscale hotels. Are they trying to pretend you're in Italy , I don't know.
The food was really good.  We caught the tail end of lunch and got to try the dinner menu.  Totally different selections which was nice.  We ended up staying there for four hours chatting and eating away.  I was sooo stuffed.  The desserts were totally a hit and miss.  There was also an awkward view of the pool from the dining area.
Maybe I just came at a really good time, but this was the best buffet experience that I've ever had in Las Vegas. There were no lines and there was an abundant amount of Crab Legs just waiting for me. Get them steamed and they're 100 times more tastier. That pretty much makes this place the great buffet it is.. . It wasn't busy and about everything I ate was flavorful. Service was quick and the price was a steal ($20).. . This is the buffet you should go to in Las Vegas.. In the future, maybe this will change? Who knows. Oh well. At least for now, this place ranks the best in my book.
I had the Breakfast Buffet here on my last day in Vegas.  It's a bit pricier than what I wanted to pay for breakfast ($23 + tip), but if you're hungry enough in the morning, it can be worth it.  They have virtually every breakfast item you can think of (omelette station, corned beef hash, eggs benedict, yogurt, fruit, crepes, etc.)  But what was surprising is that they also had food normally associated with lunch/dinner.  They had decent-sized crab legs and the largest, peeled boiled shrimp I've seen!
this was my first las vegas buffet experience. crab, shrimp, tons of fresh veggies. I had no idea they were this good!
I have dined here twice for DINNER, on two separate occasions, and I must say I am a fan. Who wouldn't want complimentary lobster and wine! Sure the Merlot, which is my choosing, is a teeny wee bit on the dry side, it still is good. Their crab legs are definitely tasty too since they don't throw a bunch of salt on it like other buffets do. And their salmon nigiri is always fresh and delish! I loveeee salmon, and salmon nigiri is like jackpot! Their prime rib is cooked well, more on the medium rare side, my preference. It's not dry like other buffets and seasoned quite well, which is impressive. They have a make it yourself pasta section where you choose the noodles, sauce and meat. I don't eat the mexican and chinese food sections since I detest chinese food and I eat mexican food in San Jose on a daily basis. Their dessert section is ok, but after eating their food, dessert is tooo filling. Maybe add macaroons to your dessert selection? =)
MUCH better the second time around.  They definitely worked out a lot of the kinks from the service.
I love love loveddd the food here like everyone said alot of veriety and tonss of different options! i am returning in May to try it out for lunch and breaky!! their raspbery lemonade made my day!!  I think i remember paying $ 35.00 per person. Either way i will always come backk!!
Most simple but yet tasteful cleanest buffet ever. Yes they do lack alot of variety of food unlike other buffets but Arias buffet has quality unlike other ones.
Dinner is relatively good value compared to comparable buffets because this one comes with lobster!  The lobster was actually pretty fresh and very good.. . Our server told us that we could get the crab legs steamed, which I don't think everyone knew.  But definitely get them steam - they taste so much better.. . After the lobster and about 8 plates of crab legs, i couldn't remember anything else they had at this buffet.  Does it matter?
My wife and I have stopped eating at buffets because we no longer fill our plates and return 2, 3 or 4 times. So often, the price seems too high for the amount of food we end up eating and we don't like feeling stuffed. . . After visiting the Buffet at Aria, we realized our approach was mistaken.   We paid our $29.99 per person and took the tour around a very well stocked buffet with foods of all kinds, including Salads, Meats,  Italian, Chinese, Indian, Japanese, a very well stocked Dessert bar and more. We carefully selected only small amounts of each food we sampled, which allowed us to try more foods without overeating.  What a wonderful surprise. All the foods were fresh and tasty. The prime rib was simply divine.  And the banana  foster dessert was addictive.  . . We ended up enjoying a wide variety of foods, did not walk out stuffed, and - the best part - ended up paying much less than most of the other restaurants we visited on this trip. . . Yes, we'll stop here again on our next trip.
Lunch at this buffet is pretty decent for the price of twenty five.  I had the roast beef quite a number of times along with the king crab legs.  The apple burrito was excellent and so was the toast.  The chinese food was okay.  But to top it off, the buffet had great deserts from the flan to the italian ice cream.
Wow..very good selection, flavourful and priced just right.. We just feasted like kings n queens. Place is very clean.
I loved the curry chicken, garlic naan, and portugese sausage at this buffet. The desserts were also great - cheesecake, gelato (with a variety of toppings) and delicious cookies. This was all at the lunch buffet for $20, which was a really good deal compared to some of the other buffets (the only downside being that there was no prime rib).
I had a wonderful experience here. I had the brunch which was only 16 dollars! chacuterie and cheese was great, shrimp, breakfast items, salads and dessert! All fantastic ;) plus it tasted great after a night of drinking
Very good lunch buffet with seafood for $19.95.  Checked out Cosmopolitan buffet but they did not offer seafood.  It was also in a dark area in back of the hotel.  Aria was in a very bright sunny area near the pool.  Points for ambience.  Ver clean and servers were very prompt and friendly.  The quality of the food was great but focused on crab legs and shrimp.  They every heat steam your crab legs as requested.        . . Highly recommended.
Yum Yum Yum!!! Their food is above average compared to other buffets we tried and their Desserts are awesome.  I was satisfied with EVERYTHING I tried in the desserts section. They served sushi, seafood shooters and crab legs for lunch and dinner.  For dinner on Fri/Sat, they give you a grilled lobster tail too!
I'm utterly confused by the mediocre rating - what the hell?!. . This buffet is, by far, one of the best I've ever had.  The food is fresh, tasty, and overflowing.  Mmmm... crab legs.  Every time I visit Vegas I make sure to stop here.. . Last time I was there the waitress was incredible - the unlimited Bloody Mary's never faltered.  In fact, before our waitress went on break she brought us another round of drinks while we were half-done.  No waiting whatsoever!. . Delicious.... And making me hungry.... No fair! I want Aria buffet, and I want it now!
I am almost embarrassed to say that we came here for breakfast/brunch all 3 days we were in Vegas. I also had dinner here back in March. . . Breakfast has lots of options. I tried almost everything. I really liked the chilaquiles (sort of like fried, chopped up enchiladas for those of you who have yet to try this deliciousness). The waffles, plantains, pizza, bagel and many cream cheese options were also good. There are many meat options too. . . The omelets made to order were just alright. The cooks who make them are very friendly though. The corn-beef hash was not that good. Note: their yogurt is more European (sour) in my opinion. . . What I really loved about this buffet was dinner. Save sixteen bucks and go to McDonald's for breakfast and come here for lunch or dinner. Lots of options (American, Korean, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, Indian) and everything tasted great. The standouts were the stuffed shells and Indian fare (chicken curry, rice, and garlic naan). I ate shells and naan until I needed to be wheelbarrow-ed out.
i really like this buffet. they have already sliced  opened crab legs. lobster and wine included in dinner! awesome selection!
My last stay in Vegas was at the Aria, so naturally we had to check out the buffet at least once, right?. . We came here on a Saturday at around 1:30 pm and the line was already quite long.  It took us about 45 minutes before we got seated.  . . WHAT I LOVE:. I love that this place is so bright!  It wakes me up from my groggy mornings in Vegas haha!  Also, they have some YUMMY select breakfast foods which I haven't seen anywhere else.  They serve breakfast burritos which are delicious!  And *drum roll please*, HASH BROWNS!  I love me some hash browns!  Not only that, but I indulged like crazy on the crab legs.  Mountains of crab legs on my plate, dipped with melted butter and lemon...yum!  My mouth is watering already.  Service here is also amazing.  Our waitress kept coming by with refills and was just on top of everything!. . WHY ONLY 4 STARS:. Well, although Aria had endless crab legs for me to indulge on and some delicious breakfast items, I still felt that the variety of food offered here did not compare to say the Wynn or the Cosmopolitan.  We also came here thinking that our lunch buffet was going to be $20 from the yelp reviews, but it turned out to be around $34 each =(. . OVERALL:. I may come back if I come back to stay at the Aria.  I sure do love great service, crab legs & breakfast food :)
Aria's buffet is definitely one of the better buffets I've had on the strip :) . . On Fridays and Saturdays, the buffet comes with 1/2 of a Maine lobster per person plus unlimited house white or red wine. Best way to fill up your belly and your drinking needs! . . Make sure you go with an empty tummy. The buffet line has a huge spread-- seafood, sushi, prime rib, pasta, pizza...and more. I have a sweet tooth so the their dessert section made me very happy--gelato, bananas foster, cheesecake and cream cakes...lets just say I was in heaven :) . . Initially the service was really slow. It took us a good 10 minutes to pay and to be seated. They only had a few hostesses working with a line of 50+. I felt really bad for our server who was basically waiting on half of the tables in the whole restaurant. But it was amazing to see how she memorized all the drinks that the table next to us ordered (let's just say they were a very demanding group). . . The food was fresh and very tasty. I would definitely go back on my next visit to Vegas!
Family reunion of 30 on a Saturday night - and what a treat! Wonderful wait team, wide selection of food, half a lobster and carafes of red or white wine included - all for under $50/per person including 18% gratuity & tax!. . I gorged on salads and vegetables. It was tasty, if simple (OK, so they made money on me, but who cares) - great ambiance, service and food for the price.
We walked the buffet and they did not have anything that we liked. There were too many breakfast choices at 1pm. The only reason why I give them 4 stars is because of the service. We told the manager that the buffet did not interest us and they refunded us with out any issues!
We ate here two nights in a row because we had 50$ resort credits.  One time it was Sunday and we got the "gourmet" buffet with lobster and unlimited wine, and the next day was a normal dinner.  The lobster was a little bit small and dry, and we each got half a lobster.  The wine was nothing special.  The food otherwise was pretty good.  Selection was moderate, and quality of the different dishes was surprisingly pretty good.  Definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas.  Price was similar to other high end buffets, such as Bellagio.
if you are a giant  crab lover and ginormous peeled shrimp...then look no further. Aria buffet is the place (even for lunch). i ate 5 plates of crab legs and 2 plates of shrimp and that's about it. . . Staff are super friendly...asked the cook if he has Chinese red vinegar (two days in a roll)...he went and found a bottle and poured me some (no hesitation) and with a smile (not the creepy kind either). . . the best part....it's only $22 with tax and tips. Come on, beats paying double at Wynn or Bellagio!!!  . . or. . Rio seafood buffet as their shrimp isn't as huge/peeled and their crab legs look like itsy bitsy spiders..... . Aria Aria...Aria!
The night we went there the aria gave out half a lobster per person! It also included a glass of wine. The crab legs were great and the sushi selection was more than what one would normally find at a buffet. Overall a great experience.
Came here on a whim because friends and I were hungry in Vegas and wanted to try a new buffet that we haven't yet!!. . Great price!! Less than $40 with tax per person for dinner. Food is beyond awesome. Super awesome servers. Endless wine. Half a lobster each. Dessert!!!. . I wish I could try everything but my stomach could hold so much.... Prime rib was devine! I love lamb... But for some reason this time around I didn't love it. Mustve been just a bad cut of meat or something.... :/. . Crab legs, snow and king. Custom made to order pastas! Cheese and crackers. Gelato!. . Ahhh!! I would definitely recommend this buffet to everyone and anyone. It's one of my top choices.
I came here two times during my vacation in Vegas.  Once for brunch on Saturday and the following day for brunch again.  It was $28 a person plus an additional $6 for all you can drink mimosas.  I had a voucher for $20 off for staying at an MGM hotel so the price was definitely worth it.. . Food was your standard Las Vegas brunch fare.  Crab legs, shrimp, breakfast foods, Asian dishes, made to order omelets, and a carving station.  The eggs benedict was a hit and miss for me.  The first batch had perfectly poached eggs, while the other batch I had was a bit overcooked.  Could have been the result of sitting out under a heat lamp.  The top round was mediocre.  I enjoyed the french toast with white chocolate creme anglaise.  The only dessert I tried was the strawberry cheesecake which I found to be okay.. . The all you can drink mimosas were great.  My waitress kept filling my glass, and although it was some cheap champagne, who cares.  It got me feeling good at 11 in the morning so it fulfilled its purpose.. . Even without a $20 off voucher like I had, I would say this buffet is still worth the price.
Excellent buffet. My family and I went for the lobster/wine buffet on Sunday night. Got in with minimal waiting. I'm a red wine snob, so tried both red and white and opted for the Chardonnay, as the Malbec served was weaker in flavor. The lobster came quickly was served hot, tender and moist. The salads were fantastic... watermelon with jicama, tomatoes with figs, marinated mushrooms with garlic & peppers, and a medley of olives, cornichons, garlic & rosemary. Nice sushi selection for apps, but basic rolls, nothing unusual. Massive amts of crab legs with fresh lemon and drawn butter. The Asian green bean and beef entree was seasoned well and veggies crisp and flavorful. The lobster ravioli was delicious and very  gourmet. The tandoori chicken, naan and curry were great! The roasted veggies had pitty-pans (baby squash) which are pretty pricey at the market.The lamb was overcooked for my taste and difficult to get a rare slice. All in all very well done with minimal disappointments. Not  a huge selection for dessert, but all we tried was light and tasty. Service was ok... seemed understaffed for as pricey as it is! Nice fresh and light decor and very clean. Not your standard buffet fare, so important to go with an open mind willingness to try! I would definitely go again!
Really good - much better than the Monte Carlo!
While in Vegas for a Bachelorette Party weekend, buffets were not a part of our agenda at all, but on the last day of our trip, we decided to go to The Buffet at the Aria for brunch. We all had early afternoon flights and planned to pass out once getting on the plane so it was best to fill our tummies before the trip home!. . We paid less than $30 each for the buffet and for an additional $6 Mimosas and Wine were also included (I think). Since it was around noon, there were both breakfast and lunch items available. Typically, I don't really get my money's worth at buffets since I'll get full really fast or just am not that interested in the food, but I def got my money's worth at The Buffet! I had 2-3 plates in total plus dessert. They had all your regular breakfast items (Eggs, Omelets, Bacon, Toast, Cereal, Pastries), but they also had Pasta, Fresh Seafood, Chinese Station, Pizza, etc. I got seconds from the Chinese station, it was so good! For dessert, they had mini Flans, Apple Pies, along with some others. Their Gelatos were delicious too. . . We weren't expecting much, but were surprised on how good the food was! I'd def return if I ever stayed at the Aria again.
This buffet went for $29.95 and is in a ultra modern setting in the new Aria hotel.  As you might imagine a Las Vegas buffet - it's massive, but comfortable, and with a huge and diverse menu.  I found the crab legs to be blandish and overrated, but enjoyed a bunch of fresh peeled shrimp, and chicken curry with basmati rice, among other selections  The prime rib was notably good, but the Korean short ribs were not.  Also notable were the excellent flan for dessert, as well as gelati.
Been up drinking for a while and need some buffet... well this buffet is pretty dam good.   king crab legs are served cold... but they are pre cut so easy eating.   sushi is nice to have but its not great.   The beef tendorline (or some other delicious part of a cow) and the glazed ham are amazing.   omletts and eggs and bacon and pad thai... guacamolie... hummus chips.. nann.. salsa, noodles, pre peeled shrimp ... buffet pizza... yea this place has pretty much everything you'd want in a buffet.  But i think what sets it apart form other buffets is the dessert.  Jean philipe cookies and cakes.  and Gelato.  With a total price tag of.... 20 comp points!
The place where 4 hour buffet happened.. . 5 girls ate from lunch til dinner and changed server 3 times. I don't remember what exactly we ate...but I knew we sure ate all of our money's worth.. . Best part: maracons for desserts.  Devine left over cookies and naans at 3am post clubbing.. . I didn't wear stretchy pants, but I think the food has digested long before we went clubbing at HAZE.. . Best bang for your buck...$20 lunch that lasted til dinner time.
We were trying to decide between this and Bellagio. I"m glad we chose The Buffet at Aria. We went on a Sunday and we received a lobster with our meal. It was nice to have the king crab legs split already so you didn't have to mess with them. There was a quite a wide selection of food from crab legs and shrimp to prime rib, rack of lamb  and bbq brisket.  I really enjoyed the naan bread. Desserts were good. the pumpkin gelato was delicious. Our waitress was very helpful, always had our drinks full and plates cleared. . . I do want to provide the disclaimer that I don't have much to compare it to as Vegas buffets go, but it was good.
Good food with variety of selections
Nice and clean atmosphere.  Food by buffet standards was great.  Loved the crab legs.  The sushi was good.  You can also tell that they had some authentic Chinese food.  The noodles were the appropriate Asian type, not the crappy kind you find at low end Chinese American restaurants.  Lots of variety from different popular ethnic cuisines to choose from.  Service was great.  Would definitely come back here again.  The prices were not outrageous.  However, I didn't like the fact that the lunch buffet had the same price for kids and adults during the Saturday we were there.
There are too many buffets in Vegas but the one at the Aria is quiet and clean.  I can't say that there's gourmet food, which was what I was expecting but the desserts and the pasta made to order really stood out for me.. . Another bonus is the wine and the half a lobster, which was great but can't say it's the best there is in Vegas.
It's your typical Vegas buffet and if you were staying at Vdara this is the closest buffet you can walk to.  I love Vegas buffet so I'm a fan!  Their crab was cooked just right and their selection was decent.  Yum!
we were planning on going to wicked spoon again cause some people in our group had not been there, but we were out by aria so we just stopped there.  overall, i was pretty impressed and i wouldn't mind coming back.  however, it was a little bit of a pain getting there because it was such a walk. . service:. service was really good, and the staff was very nice.  our whole group was pretty drunk and they were still very nice to us and explained all the stuff for the buffet.  at the table they were fast bringing more drinks and they were fast at taking away plates but were not always there and getting in your way. . value:. i think the buffet was pretty good value at $35.  selection was more than bellagio, but the food itself was not quite as good.  about the same amount, maybe a little less selection than wicked spoon but there were different choices.  you get half a lobster per person too, but it wasn't really that big so i didn't think much of it, and i also am not a huge lobster person.  the thing that i think puts the aria up there is that you get unlimited merlot or chardonnay with dinner which is cool.  i am not a huge wine person, but free booze is free booze. . food:. there was a large selection, and for the most part there was not anything i didn't like.  sushi was better than wicked spoon, but not as good as bellagio.  they had a cool little greek section which i really liked between the salads lamb and other offerings.  the crab was really good (didn't taste like salt water, it actually tasted pretty good), the lobster was kinda rubbery and not too much flavor, but i always feel that lobster is like that which is why i am not a huge lobster fan as said earlier.  the shrimps by the crab with the shells still on were very good, along with the already prepared shrimp cocktales.  the pizza was decent, along with the fish and chips.  the only thing i don't think i liked was the baby back ribs.  they were just so fatty that it was not enjoyable to eat them.  dessert was a small section, but the choices all tasted pretty good, and they had butterfinger gelato which was absolutely amazing.. . overall, I would probably come back, but i wouldn't make it a priority as i love going to different buffets all the time
Admittedly - I don't have much to say about the Aria buffet.....even though I had much to *eat* from it.. I guess that's really not fair.. Because it was good.. . For under $30 for dinner, you have access to UNLIMITED crab legs. Both snow AND king. That alone makes it worth it. I had four plates of it, and could have gone on but 1) exerted control; 2) decided that I was not a pig despite appearances; 3) wanted to have a taste of something else.. The meat carving section is impressive and offers prime rib, chicken, turkey, lamb and what not. I was not in a meat-y mood and just gave it a quick look but if you are a serious carnivore - that's your place.. . The salads are phenomenal. Really.
This is a pretty decent buffet. I've gone to quite a few and this one always seems to hit the spot. On Friday and Saturday nights they offer lobster for two and unlimited wine with your dinner so ASK about it if they don't offer it to you. . . Food: . There are some stations like the meat carving station, pasta station, and the dessert station that I should just stay away from they ALWAYS have good stuff happening there. You can have any kinda pasta made which is a delicious carb nightmare. The desserts always seem so fancy but they also have an ice cream and gelato bar! That with homemade cookies or either bread pudding and cobbler hits it home. . . Service:. This is hit and miss. Sometimes you can be seated in an area where the waitress is cool and attentive. There are other times when you have to go on a search and rescue mission just to get a drink refill. . . I will keep coming here because I have yet to have a bad experience. I always leave full and satisfied.
The thing to do in Vegas (besides gambling/drinking/clubbing) is eating buffets! My friends have been telling me that this place is one of the better buffets in Vegas so I knew I had to give this place a try.. . I came here for Brunch on a Saturday..when I got here there was a line, but it moved pretty fast and we didn't wait too long even though there was a group of 12 of us. The price was about $32 and plus gratuity was about $41 bucks for each of us. Some of my friends chose to get bottomless champagne /mamosas....their total came out to be about $50. . . The buffet like everything else about Aria is very pretty. I noticed the dessert area first and it was sooo pretty. Probably the prettiest dessert bar that I have seen in any Vegas buffet. The selection of the food was good...not too big not too small. Its all about quality over quantity here. Everything that I got was good for the most part...this is probably one of the better buffets that I have been to in Vegas. My favorite part here is the dessert of course. So good and yummy.
$22 for a buffet in vegas. Im in!! loved the modern, chill aura they had. nice staff. not too fancy or over the top. had a good amount of food. not too much. i liked it lot. didmt leave overly full, but the meal was totally worth it.. . the creme bulee was delish.
THREE STARS GUYS?? Really? Are you guys buffet snobs and know of better ones and not telling me? Because honestly, I eat, and I want to know. The M is on my list...any others? Seriously, I only eat in Vegas, so I need more to do.. . But the Aria buffet, compared to the other major casino's buffet along the strip is the best one that I've had - taking into account price and quality (better and cheaper than Wynn). It was around $32 per person for dinner on a weeknight.. . There's something nice about the fact that it's not just food piled on top of food, youknow? Because some buffets just do that. HERE'S A BUNCH OF FOOD and it looks great for feasting with your eyes, but taste wise...eeeeeeeh.. . Aria's is clean and arranged in a way where food looks delicious (and sanitary), but not in the NOW GO STUFF YOURSELF sort of way. Though, okay, the crab legs are done as such, but did you guys see the chickens? LINED UP FOR YOU! The cocktail shrimp even comes in little glass cups - but only one to a glass (wish it was at least three).. . Okay, and you know how Vegas buffet sushi usually sucks? The rice is hard and cold (why would you even allow yourself to serve that?), the Aria one is actually pretty decent. I actually contemplated getting more.. . The salads were creative tasted fresh. The build your own pasta was decent (if you want to try but save space for other buffet-type things, ask for half the usual amount). The seafood ravioli looks pretty average and gross, and I would have skipped it had the lady next to me not ooze about how good it was yesterday and just HAD to come back. So I tried it, and it actually tasted...fresh? Not fresh out of ocean fresh, but it was good.. . I tried the Indian. They had a nice (I believe) Cantonese lady making the Indian, so while one of the dishes was great and spicy (and completely unauthentic), the chick peas were watery. Also, the garlic na'an, while delicious, did not have the consistency of na'an...more like the Chinese/Taiwanese green onion pancakes.. . And the dessert. *sigh* the best part. What an amazing presentation. I wanted to try all of it. I actually did get about 8 desserts (not exaggerating) for my table of 4, and I personally did major work on all of them. They're fantastic. Great flavors, not too sweet, and not overly heavy. I LOVE creme brulee and would always get it at buffets and order it at restaurants. Until I found out how to make it. Then I just realized it wasn't worth it. But somehow, the dessert masters at Aria made it taste incredibly light for a creme brulee. My favorite, though, is the bread pudding. I just thought of it a few minutes ago, leading me to write this review. Love it! The apple crumble was not my favorite. But what I appreciated was that you can taste the real honey they used in it (probably from France, because they provided a small jar of honey from France for our tea). You can easily remedy the over powering honey in the crumble with a scoop of gelato =). . Service was a bit slow in the refilling of tea and picking plates up. Understandably, we came in about 1.5 hours before the closed, but at the same time...=T
The only memorable thing is everything on the posi+ive list. =)  Here's the scoop:. . + crab legs (ask to get them steamed). + shrimp cocktail (i got 9 servings, like a shrimp junkie) . + chicken curry . + naan bread (regular butter & garlic). + won ton soup (omg, motha f-ing deeeelish). + gelato (3-4 flavors, always changing, always delicious). + mini cheesecake. +bananas foster (imagine a warm gooshy banana with caramel). + creme brulee. + very open dining area . . - bacon chicken salad (if you like bacon, bacon and bacon, maybe you'll like it). . Don't forget to tip the waitress. The girl we had was on top of it! There was about 15 of us and our plates were always cleared and our glasses always full of drank. Kind of expensive...around $30/person I think? But if you want to try a yummy, safe buffet, come to the Aria and splurge. If anything, the desserts will impress you.
love love loved it! Came on Sunday (day after new years) at 5pm....no lines?!?! Boy were we hungry and lucky.. . So here's the 411, if you don't know how to pick food from any restaurant you won't know how to pick food from a buffet. Those haters can just go home. . . What to get:. - Chinese Section (salad, black noodle thing, ahi tuna, fish). - Beef stew thing. - Pork (big pig, looks dry but almost melts in your mouth!). - Selected salads. - Crab legs (I would never eat this at buffets, but its not salty! Good quality). - Sauteed Veggies. - Some meats. . Disappointed:. - Lamb. - Sushi. - Dessert. . Don't save yours stomach for desserts. If you want a taste, friends recommended the gelato ice cream, and maybe carrot cake. . . For Vegas buffet, I love quality vs quantity. Other recommend buffets would be Rio World, Rio Seafood, Wynn Buffets.. . We came during New Years time so the prices were raised? And can't use any deals on this place...like the 24/7 buffet deal.
I love the muesli!  Good sushi, roast station, and dessert bar, too.  They also have pretty good quality selection with this price.  I like their buffet much better than Bellagio's .  I thought Bellagio had more food to choose, but only a few stations are good, and it costs more.  If I'm going to a buffet, I'll pick the one at Aria.
i really enjoyed the buffet at the aria. my husband and i had complementary lunches here when we arrived. the selection was really great and there were a few items that stood out for me, the mini ban mi sandwiches, the pad thai, and i love that breakfast was still an option. and if you love desserts, the dessert selection was amazing. one of the best that i've seen in vegas. the red velvet whoppie pies were so good!. . we decided to eat here again right before we left vegas and the selection changed up a little since it was closer to breakfast, but still great options.
I was between giving this 3 or 4 starts, and settled on 4, just because I LOVE DESSERTS. That being said, here's the low-down.. . Food:. +Excellent variety of foods. You got your pizzas (I wanted to try the Margherita pizza, but no room!), your Indian foods (tandoori chicken and curry and basmati rice and such), your Chinese foods(which I think were done quite well! I guiltily enjoyed my chow fun and friend rice, even knowing how cheaply filling they were), little noodle cups(the green tea soba noodles with peanut chicken was my fave), sushi(not an awesome selection, but it's there), sliced and carved meats, king and snow crab legs already sliced in their shell(though they were just average), a selection of cold meats and cheeses, etc.... +DESSERTS. I have an insatiable sweet tooth, so this really was the cherry on the cake for me. The chocolate-covered puff cereal/marshmallow clusters were simple and delicious, the creme brulee wasn't fancy but I still loved me some runny custard, and the Grand Marnier creme puff was beautifully decorated and awesomely edible, every part. What else...they had bananas foster, fancy schmancy whoopie pies, blondies, cobblers, cheesecakes...soooo many options!. +Free red wine? I think I heard that right. It was offered to me, but I declined, so I can't say much about that.. . Service:. -Not great. Sat there for a little while after we were seated, and no one came so we just went to get our food. We were probably halfway through our first plates when we finally got our waters.. . Other:. +/- They automatically bring lobster to your table, even if you don't ask for it. Good if you like lobster(it's nothing exceptional, though. I found it to be dry, but not terrible), bad if you're already full by that time or not a lobster fan and then you feel sorry letting lobster go to waste.. - Plan to get there a little early if you think you'll be hungry. This is not a walk-up-and-get-your-food buffet. There is a line, and you wait to be seated. They will also seat people who are behind you in line if they have tables for parties of that size.. - $40 a person. In this case, buffet != cheap eats. I think the variety of food offered made it worth the price, but just be aware of this going in.. . Overall:. Expensive but probably justifiably so. Service not great. Variety was awesome, but quality of food varied. Not all great, but there were some gems in there, and if you're a foodie, it's pretty fun to try everything and find some delicious stuff.
This is the second visit for me at this great buffet.  I came here with family on a Saturday evening for dinner.  No wait at all to pay and be seated.  The food selections are great and always fresh.  I decided to tryout the made to order pasta.  I had penne with pesto, spinach, and shrimp and it was delicious.  The crab legs were looking a lean but were still tasty.  Our meals came with half a lobster tail per person but the lobster just tasted so-so.  They have a wide and diverse selection of foods such as Asian, Mediterranean, Pizza, salads, sushi (which was kinda meh), soups, fresh carved meats, and the crab and shrimp.  The prime rib was also excellent.  The creamy horseraddish was a little powerful but good.  And the desserts, oh how I love the desserts here! They have 5-6 different ice cream flavors to choose from.  The orange sherbet was yummy coupled with vanilla ice cream.  I also tried the creme brulee, red velvet whoopee pie, strawberry cheesecake, bread pudding, and apple cobbler... All were tasty! . . The server was kinda slow and it seemed like our table was covered with our used plates most ofvthe time.  It was pretty busy, so maybe they were short on staff that evening.  My family also really enjoyed themselves and the food here (their first time at Aria).  Highly recommend for tasty and fresh buffet eats =)
I wasn't disappointed. 1/2 lobster comes with the buffet. Crab legs are cut lengthwise for easy access. Dessert bar is amazing. Wine is complementary. I haven't been to many buffets, so I guess I'm not that picky. Definitely got my money's worth.
I went for brunch on a Friday morning around 11am.  The line was super small and it only took us about 10-15 minutes to be seated.  We were a large group of 11 and they had no issues.  We also ordered the unlimited champagne with our brunch price.  The atmosphere in the place was very nice and open.  I liked how they really separated the buffet area from the tables.  This allowed for better movement.  After reading these reviews I was surprised to have the nicest waitress.  She was so kind and constantly checked up on us to make sure we had enough champagne.  She was such a sweetheart.  I wish I knew her name.  The champagne was good, and one friend got the bloody Mary and she seemed to enjoy it.. . The food selection was much better than I thought it would be.  To start off they had crab legs, which I didn't think they would for a Friday brunch.  They were a good size and very delicious.  They also had bagels made to order where you could get smoked salmon along with some other spreads.  They had a carving station that had ham and brisket.  Some of my favorite dishes were the lentil curry, carrot ginger soup, pad tai, and spicy shrimp cups.  The desert selection was also very nice.  I'm not much of a dessert person but they had lots of gelato, cookies, bananas foster, cakes, and anything you could think of.  I was really happy with their ethnic food selection as well.  . . Overall I would definitely returns because of the reasonable price, great service, and quality of food.
More like 3.5 stars. $40 + tax for a "gourmet dinner" buffet. Pretty typical rate for a Vegas buffet. . . The buffet at Aria does come with a serving of lobster and bottomless wine (between chardonnay or merlot). Yes, the Vegas drunkenness continues through dinner! Anyway, we came right around 4pm which was the start time for their gourmet dinner and there wasn't really a line. Didn't really fill up until about 6pm. Yes, I ate for over two hours and I'm damn proud of it.. . The lobster seemed overcooked and tough. It was too dry which made it pretty tough to chew. Oh well. Not bad still. Prime rib was amazing. Perfectly executed.. Great outer layer of spice and nice and bloody...just how I like it. There was also a lamb roast that was also really great. It was really tender and had just the right amount seasoning on it. Crab legs were fine. Very fresh and easy to pick off its shell. The lemons suck though. You'd be lucky to get 5 drops out of them (I need my lemons!). They also had Indian dishes like Tandoori chicken and various curries, but I didn't really try it. Pizza and pasta bar, etc. etc. Nothing special. Not too many other options. . . Dessert was okay. They didn't have creme brulee :( The gelato was nice. Mixed berry was my fave. Banana creme was probably the best cake there. Other than that, nothing else worth mentioning for the dessert.. . Service was decent. I think our original server was pretty good at checking in for taking plates off our table and refilling our wine. The whole plates thing got annoying though because I wanted a plate to keep my crab shells on there. Oh well. Lastly, I think after her shift was done, the person who replaced her didn't really check in with us. I guess I just ate for too long and they got tired of us lol. . Overall, I'd probably still choose Bellagio over Aria. More options, better desserts, and better lemons lol. If I do come back to Aria, I'd make sure to ask my server if they could give more servings of lobster!
I am really fond of their quality complimentary wine and lobster for each customer! It has been named as "The Best Buffet " in the year of 2010 or 2009, which drove me to try. Never regret! Fresh crab legs , great variety of desserts. This is much better than Wicked Spoon!
I was sitting in my hotel room at Excalibur trying to find a buffet that isn't a complete fail (like Cravings at Mirage) and I came across a top ten list of buffets in Vegas!  AWESOME!  One of the top ones was Aria, and in the description, it sang of how eclectic it is.  My fiance loves seafood, my mom is a foodie, and I get really bored easily.  This place sounded PERFECT!  . . The location is beautiful inside... extremely modern.  I was pleased to find an array of cultural dishes for my mom, a great deal of variety for me, king crab legs and snow crab legs for my fiance.  I read a lot of the bad reviews on here and disagree, but maybe I got lucky on the night I came, apparently you just shouldn't come here for brunch.. . I enjoyed the Tandoori and the Carving Station.  They had garlic Na'an, it calls to me like the mothership.  The server was really sweet and attentive, and their coffee was even delicious.  I loved the dessert bar the most because it has miniature pies. cheesecakes, Grand Marnier cream puffs, and GELATO!. . The thing about the Aria buffet is that it really is a destination... due to its location in Aria, most people wouldn't just happen across it while perusing the casino.  The lack of lines may be due to that.  I've seen an hour wait for Bellagio's buffet and I was not particularly impressed.
If I could review this place on the desserts alone it would be a hands-down 5-stars buffet, but desserts can only carry you so far.  And don't get me wrong, its not that the rest of the buffet isn't good, its just that the entrees are hit or miss, some great, but some are pretty mediocre and those waste valuable stomach real estate that you'll miss come dessert time.. . Here's a few pointers from this buffet expert:. 1. Potstickers are great, rest of the Asian hot dishes can be skipped.. 2. Sushi is good, somehow the smoked salmon next to it isn't.. 3. Carving station: the ham and turkey are the big winners, ro.ast beef leaves a lot to be desired. 4. Skip the Mexican section, surprisingly bland.. 5. NO PIZZA IF YOU ARE PAST PUBERTY! Except you may take a slice of the green pizza with the egg to satisfy your curiosity.. 6. Crab legs are conveniently pre-cut, so its okay to load up on them since you won't be wasting time trying to crack them.. 7. Salads are for chicks.. 8. The desserts are served in tiny portions, that can only mean they intend for you to try as many of them as possible!
Very pricey, but very good.  I suggest having a welcoming stomach, your hangover may prevent you from enjoying it to the extent that it costs.
Had a lunch buffet with my mom and dad at Aria - Picked Aria over Bellagio because the former has better view and the latter does not have seafood for lunch...For about $21 per person plus tax and tips, it offers a good value.. . The dining area is open and sunny bright that you can see the garden from the floor to ceiling windows.. . Wide selection of food - sushi bar, salad bar, Italian, Asian, Indian, meat, desserts, etc., has something for everyone. The snow crab legs are my favorite - fresh and nicely prepared, absolutely delicious!!! The chicken noodle soup is heart warming but not too greasy. The beef brisk is mouth-watering juicy, and the gelato is yummy.. . Worth the price, strongly recommended!
I think the trick for this buffet is coming in at the right price.  Going in at the tail end of breakfast into lunch is the best, Thurs/Fri brunch would still be an acceptable price.  Anything beyond the $24.95 they charge for that, and it's not worth it.  That's mostly because the variety of food isn't nearly as impressive as the other big buffets - it's completely dwarfed by Studio B at the M Resort, and probably the Wynn and Bellagio buffets as well (but I've been to neither of those and can't say for sure).. . We got in towards the tail end of breakfast.  For some reason, the switchover was extremely late, I don't think it started flipping until past noon.  That turned out to be a blessing, as some of their breakfast items were pretty nice - eggs benedict and omelette bar were my favorites.  The brisket at lunch was pretty dang good too.  Avoid most of the Asian food and especially the sushi, I remember those seeming like they were lifted right out of a $10 asian buffet.  Remember to save room for dessert, those were not bad. . . The designers did a great job with the dining room - the lighter colors and big windows really help the airy atmosphere,  It's much nicer than the Wicked Spoon's totally enclosed, black and orange motif.  Service was fine for us, but part of that was probably because of our large group of 20.  All in all, wouldn't mind going again if we were staying in a nearby hotel, but depends on the timing, as mentioned.
Buffet at the Aria is one of the best spot for a Saturday or Sunday brunch. Only 4 stars because of the price (35$) and the slowness of the waiters for the drinks (they should smile a bit more, then the customer would give them more than 1$ tip, maybe), but the food is good. . The meat is tender, tasty and juicy (especially the prime rib), the omelet is fresh made and good, king crab, sushi are fresh and tasty. . The sausages, bacon, scramble eggs, pancakes, egg Benedict, french toasts are good too.. The best is for me the pastries. As a french guy, I'm really picky on croissant, pain au chocolat, etc... And I have to admit that except at Jean-Philippe, the "french viennoiseries" at theAria are my favorite in Vegas (and LA...)!
Ate here for brunch. Great deal for $17 breakfast buffet;-) Read previous review to come before 11am to pay for breakfast but stay for lunch. The breakfast spread was ok. Lunch was more desirable. They have asian, mexican, salad, and rotisserie sections. Tri tip was good. Crab legs were ok. Dessert section was lovely. Mixed several gelato flavors and used cookies for toppings. Creme brulee was silky... Yum! Yes I'm a fan:-)
What a challenge it is trying to decide the order of greatness of these Las Vegas Strip Buffets!  Aria here, for instance, would easily be the best Buffet in most any city in the world, but here in Las Vegas the competition is SO tough that it got rated down a little by having a "small" selection of only 134 food choices plus sauces & dressings when I was here this last Thursday for lunch.. . What you DO get here is a sparkling clean 1950's modernistic style dining room (& casino), & delicious food, thoughtfully prepared.  For instance, there were delicious crab legs, & they had split them in half lengthwise so that you didn't have to dig or crack the exoskeleton to get at the meat, & melted butter served up right there to go along, in little china cups.. . I also particularly liked the Chile Verde here, & the pizza (!).. . Arriving just before 11 AM scored this big, delicious lunch feast for $17.25 including many beverage choices including cocktails & beer.. . You could do a lot worse!     :-))
Yum!!. . Pros: . Unlimited wine (I had some 8 plus glasses! cheap but yummy, and unlimited, so who cares??), super friendly service (everyone was so sweet) and delicious food. Also, as a vegetarian, I had no trouble finding anything to eat! I even feel like I got my money's worth (35 something pp for dinner). . . Cons: . While there were veggie options, I had to ask about a bunch of things (like soup) to find out if there was any broth or anything in it. And no one knew! Not only that, they didn't really offer to find out. I just skipped them all, but it was a little strange that they didn't know! Also, dessert was a little lame. Granted, we didn't get to dessert until they were almost closing the buffet, but there was only one kind of ice cream out (butterfinger...bleh!) and none of the plates we tried tasted worth the calories. The cobbler was good, but sort of the tail ends. . . All in all, I loved it, but it would have been nice if they had more than two options for wine selections (i.e. substitute beer/champagne). Also, my fourteen year old sister cost the same as the adults drinking! That was sort of lame. I love the Aria, though, and I would be down to go back to this buffet for a different meal!
Its a nice buffet looking over the Aria pool, but variety was just ok.... Meh..
As we concluded our epic Vegas weekend celebration, we had our last dinner at The Buffet, located inside the state-of-the-art and magnificent Aria hotel/casino.  The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor and brilliantly withholds the contemporary theme of the hotel itself.  Upon arrival in the late afternoon, we were greeted by the absence of the line of people in front, but with a warm joyful welcome of the energetic restaurant host.  The pricing is actually excellent compared to any other buffets within the proximity of the strip. (Less than $40/person, depending on lunch or dinner and the day of the week). . The layout of the buffet is nice and simple.  The beginning of the linear path starts off with seafood and sushi, and as you work your way down, there are vast food selections yielding cuisine of different ethnic cultures. . ~ The crab legs were freshly chilled and sliced in half for easy access to the succulent crab meat.  The cocktail shrimp had a great texture, not too firm and not too tender. The sushi quality and selection were good but not amazing.  . ~ I also enjoyed the worldly choices of entrees:  The chicken curry was well-prepared and simmered in a rich plethora of exotic herbs.  It complemented the soft and toasty naan bread, immediately making it one of my favorite dishes.  I also enjoyed the tender slice of prime rib, which was rich in flavor.  The selections of the Chinese and Italian dishes were also delicious and enjoyable.. ~The assortment of desserts made a great impression the end of our little feast.  Some of the cakes were a little too sweet (such as the Snickers cake), while others were at its optimum level of sweetness.  The macaroons served to please the taste buds with the correct level of coconutiness.  The gelato was also rich, irresistible, and kept calling for our attention even when our stomachs were filled of the hot savory food from right before. The choco-chip cookies were scrumptious... We took some on the way out =]. . Overall, this buffet should linger among the top of your Vegas buffet list due to the astounding value and enjoyable food quality.  Look forward to it!
This buffet was great for the price. And by price, I mean the fact that our party of 4 paid $5 each, since we had two complimentary passes and my magic roulette fingers paid for a significant portion of the other two buffets (you do the math!).. . I think if we had paid the full $38.95 for dinner, I would have been much pickier about this review.. . That said, we had bottomless wine (of which I only drank a sip because of the heavy caloric intake*) and a 1 lb steamed lobster.. . My cousins loaded up on all sorts of fancy meats (think, prime rib, steak, king crab, snow crab) and swore that the prime rib was the best they've had. I, however, had my life changed by one thing that night: the creme brulee. . . I devoured six of those suckers. Best creme brulee of my life! . . Anywho, if you have some sort of complimentary pass or discount, I'd go for it. If not, you might be disappointed just because of the competition from other buffets.. . * "this doesn't make sense" , you're probably thinking. why are you complaining about calories at a buffet? Well, I tell you, the more you fill your belly with woozy wine the less space there is for the king crab. Duhhhh.
I mean..... Wow. . . It takes like 5 minutes to walk the length of the "U" shaped Aria buffet, which is good, because your buffet-eating ass should get a small walk in while you're perusing the buffet-offerings. . . But then, Oh...em...gee....the buffet has everything. We did breakfast there, but you'd never know it with all of the lunch offerings. Everything from a bagel and cream cheese bar to an omelette bar, an Asian-inspired bar, crab legs, shrimp, traditional breakfast offerings, a Tex-Mex section and every conceivable pastry. . . And although $17.95 is kinda of a lot, it's not a lot for a Vegas buffet, comparably speaking. And if you like crab legs, well that's your money's worth right there. . . You also get bottomless beverages with it, so yeah. Give it a try.
One of the better buffets at a Vegas casino.. . The selection is great. You get all kinds of different foods, japanese, chinese, korean, american bbq, french, all kinds of fish. You even get a lobster tail which two people get to share! . . They have promotions and specials all the time. When I went they were giving complimentary red or white wine.. . The deserts are just wow!.. Only drawback its on the expensive side, more than other buffets. However if you're hungry and you are looking to stuff yourself with mounts of delicious foods until you hate yourself but feel satisfied this is the place to be.
This review if for Weekday Lunch Time for Breakfast prices during March 2012.  . . Aria Buffet is indeed overpriced, but it is good to come here right before 11am during the weekday to eat lunch for breakfast prices cause the breakfast price (~17) is too expensive for just breakfast food and the crabs and sushi comes out at 11am. . . The Good:  . Modern Chic Design and clean interiors. . The sushi (salmon/tuna nigiri) and several rolls are actually decent quality for a buffet.  . The crabs are served cold, but you can hand your plate of crabs to a server behind the counter and they will steam it for you. . Garlic Naan Bread and curry dishes over jasmine rice is very good.. Cuts of meats - Prime Rib, Pork Belly have always been good. . Desserts - Very good even though the selection may be small, I usually end up taking 3-4 cakes). Coffee is also quite good. . The line is usually shorter than most Buffets. . . The Bad:. Way too Expensive for Lunch, Dinners and Weekend Brunch.  . Cashiers have always been quite rude.  . Selection is small and there are no unique entrees.
I gave four stars due to daily buffets being comp'd during my stay at Vdara. Good selection of foods at breakfast & brunch. However, if i had to pay full price, it would not be worth it. I would prefer Studio B buffet at M resort any day. . . *posted a pix of prices as of 8/6/12
This place definitely needs more stars.. . For $23 you get the buffet plus an additional $6 you can get unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's. . . The food is amazing and they have crab legs- pretty sure me and my friend probably ate a mini aquarium lol.. Service is great and the food is fresh and delicious. Perfect place to go for a hangover cure or family outing.
The food selection for dinner is amazing! And I mean, at first I was pretty skeptical since the price was so high ($40+ for one person), and they don't differentiate prices for kids. Ages 3 and below are free, every age above that pays the same price. Otherwise, I'm so happy that we payed the pretty penny to be able to eat here for dinner. The complementary lobster was amazing and all the adults had complementary merlot as well. . . I personally enjoyed the freshly made naan (Indian sort of "tortilla"), the American side dishes including gluten-free baby carrots and roasted asparagus, and the Margarita pizza. Lastly, their dessert selection with their cakes aren't like most buffets I've been to - the presentation was gorgeous for each cake or pie. On top of that, the buffet in general had a wide selection of international foods which I really enjoyed. One thing though - fix up your sushi selection for us sushi lovers, please :) I only had one piece of a california roll and even that didn't even really suffice. I was a little disappointed but everything else made up for it!. . In all, 4 stars because that price to pay if you're only 18 years of age such as myself isn't fully worth it. I had a great time though! Our server was so nice, and not to mention the moist towels which were aloe infused and reusable was a very nice touch.
Man, i'm not too sure of why there are so many reviews saying the food is poor to mediocre at best...but i guess to each his own.  . . We got there 10 mins before dinner time so we paid the lunch price...we also had no wait in line and the amount of people in the buffet was comfortable.  No running into people with ur plate or waiting to serve yourself!. . I'm a BIG buffet person and normally I only like 30-50% of foods at a buffet, but this buffet was just delicious to me!  There's just something about having different types of edibles all around you as far as eyes can see that puts a smile on a face.  Its a very clean restaurant.  Decor was really modern and light colored which made for a better appetite in my opinion.  Their food presentation was on point, made it real inviting and appetizing, there was no mess anywhere.  Items were constantly being refilled with fresh replacements.  . . Prime Rib - the piece i got was very rare and fatty.  A+  however it wasn't as juicy .                       as i was hoping, easily fixed with some au jus and salt/pepper.. Crab Legs - legs/claws were served cold and sliced open for convenience..they.                       gladly steamed mine and it was delicious, moist and sweet + some.                       drawn butter, i was 100% satisfied!. Beef Stroganoff - Kind of a rare dish for me to see at a Vegas buffet but i was        .                                happy nonetheless.  It had great flavor and was loaded with .                                mushrooms. . Parmesan Asparagus - served cold and was cooked perfectly, had a slight .                                            crunch and was delightful.  I also really don't see too.                                            much asparagus at buffets so it was a very nice surprise.. Creamed spinach - was AWESOME!  . Loaded MashedTatos - AWESOME as well.  It had lots of green onions and .                                            cheese.. . There were a bunch of other little items that were really great.. . The only items i felt needed a little work on was getting more of an asian selection.  I mean it wasn't the best, but was better than other chinese food at other hotel buffets.  They're mussels pasta could've been really good, but was just WAY too salty i had to take a swig after each bite, i gave up after the 3rd.  Wasn't impressed with their sushi just cuz it looked like there was more rice ratio than anything.  And lastly their salads looked real appetizing but lacked good flavor on the 2 that i tried, the Caesar and Chinese Chicken salad.  . . The one thing i was very disappointed in was me and the hubby not receiving any complimentary champagne/wine/lobster as other reviewers were saying they received...  Maybe because we got there right before dinner time but still disappointing... . Lastly, their desserts.  Im not a dessert person but i tried some bread pudding and my eyes rolled back!  Had 2 plates of that.  Also had Tiramisu and their Snickers cake which was awesome!  . . See you soon Aria!
Meal for the day.. . Came around 4pm and there was no line. Make sure to bring your M-life card...I forgot mine, you could get the points. . . The first thing I head for was the prime rib. I loved it. Juicy, moist, tender, flavorful...it can't get any better than that. Our waiter was really awesome she was quick on clearing plates and letting us know that each person gets half a lobster. Great lobster. It was really small though but half a lobster is good for one person. The crab legs were my next pit stop. There were two kinds: snow crab legs and king crab legs. I personally liked the king crab legs because they were bigger and they were sliced in half, so we didn't have to use any tools but our fingers to take the meat out. The legs were juicy and it had a good amount of flavor. If it's too much spray some lemon it. Another great part of the buffet is dessert! So delicious. I wanted to get everything. I had the bananas foster, bread pudding, flan, and some cheesecake. Bread pudding was good but not what I expected. I truly loved the egg part of the flan but not the sauce paired with it. Why couldn't it just be a normal caramel sauce? But instead it had an orange-y flavor. They also have gelato I can't even remember what flavor I got. . . . Geez what a fata$$. Whatever every bite of food from here was well worth it. I would come back for sure.. . . -Give it a try. . . . p.s.: PACE YOURSELF!
Pretty good food for the money-especially the deserts and bottomless wine.
Lots of choices.  It was literally too much food for my eyes to handle, let alone my stomach.  I did the compulsory walkaround just to make sure I didn't miss anything.  They had sushi, chinese, american, italian, etc etc.  is it the best brunch i ever had?  I dunno about that, but it was maybe the most variety i've had at brunch.  maybe not.  . I'm a little indecisive today about my buffet history.  . . So yeah, I went on a Friday which is brunchtime.  Not too crowded, but still pretty crowded.  The server was ok.  Not the best, not the worst.. . I tend to take a little bit of each item that looks appetizing.  Then if I really liked something I'll go back for seconds.  Then I usually hit the desserts.. . I know someone was wondering what my buffet eating strategy was.  So there you have it.  I heard the one at the Cosmo is better, but unfortunately I didn't have time to check it out.  Maybe next time.
I don't have any idea why this place has 3 stars... The food was really quite awesome, and, by Vegas standards, totally average price. Until this trip, I was under the impression that Spice Market Buffet was as good as it got as far as buffets on the Strip, but I am so glad I did my research and wound up here instead. Every dish I tried was solid, and the dessert selection and presentation was incredible. Best Creme Brulee I've ever had. The space is nice too, really light, airy, and clean-feeling (as opposed to the somewhat dank, farm-like environment one typically experiences in a buffet). Anyway, highly recommend! :)
Loved the Aria buffet! Lots of great choices, wait staff was very attentive, and the atmosphere was definitely a break from the constant "Go! Go! Go!" of the Strip.. . Regardless of your buffet attack plan, you're not doing Aria right if you don't constantly have a plate of freshly steamed crab legs on your table. So yummy. I didn't try them cold, but asked the chef to steam them instead. I was not disappointed.. . Dessert selection was pretty good too. I was too full to try too many things, but the few things I did try were nice.. . Will definitely be hitting this place up if we make it back to Vegas again!
You know the buffet drill: bring your least tightest fitting pants and shirts preferably sweats and a plain white t-shirt or colored t-shirt since you're probably going to fall victim to a rogue spicy tuna roll or a bombardment of butter from you copious amounts of crab legs.. . The first roadblock to someone attending a Vegas buffet is cost. The Aria Buffet is reasonably priced at $32 for a non-alcoholic buffet and $36 for a bottomless champagne or bloody mary attachment. Um, if you're wincing at the $4 dollar difference, than you're probably not a drinker or have been hit hard by the gambling bug and do not want to open your wallet further than it already has been.. . The 2nd part of a buffet equation is the quality and amount of choices given to a diner. Now, it is most certainly a form of gluttony and excess (what Vegas does in abundance...). The Buffet at The Aria gives you plenty of choices from bahn mi and soba noodles to the quintessential crab legs. There is a glorious carving station that offers mahi mahi, prime rib, ham, and turkey. You can also brunch it up with a French toast and pancake section. You want warm fruit nestled in sauce for your pancakes or French toast? No problem! Scrambled eggs w/o gluten more your thing, well, they have that as well!. . The standout of this trip to the buffet, though, is the bottomless champagne. My friends and I made sure we were always with flutes of mimosas. The waitress was ever-so-generous and she was as attentive w/o being overtly pressuring. She kept the birthday weekend going and she deserved every bit of the generous tip we left her.. . After nom nom noming our way through copious amounts of food items, we settled and conquered the dessert section. This place is immaculate! From cherry cheesecake to a bounty of cookies, this dessert section is one of the brighter sides of the buffet.. . From attentive service to reasonably priced Vegas buffet, the Aria houses a great option for those staying and for those looking for an alternative to the long lines @ Wicket Spoon or Bacchanal. I recommend it for all those looking for a buffet to conclude or begin one's Vegas trip.
A pleasant, clean buffet that serves crab legs.. . Overall, a very satisfying dining experience.
long line to get in....The draw of this buffet at first was the free champagne/mimosa or bloody mary that came with the price. . Really liked the diversity in the food. You could get sushi, breakfast food,  crab legs!, BBQ station, pesto pizza, pork buns, NY steak. Great dessert selection as well. . . Staff was friendly and attentive. Decor very pretty.. . Overall, win-win.
My first and only Vegas buffet, so I have nothing to compare it to... but it exceeded my expectations. Truly something - a lot of somethings - for everyone.  Unlimited snow and king crab legs, delicious shrimp shooters, great carving station, decent desserts.  Didn't have the "buffet" ambiance I expected - I could have easily been in a swanky, trendy restaurant.
Very nice selection. Friendly staff. I loved their omelet station for brunch as well as their cheese and meats deli section.
I was excited to try this buffet out because it was new and being inside Aria I thought it would just as good as the Bellagio Buffet. The buffet is very pricey just like all other buffets in 5 star hotels but not all live up to the hype such as this buffet. Although it looked very nice and chic, it didn't have large selection compared to Bellagio and Bachannel Buffet. My shrimp cocktail only came in small cups with one shrimp inside. They didn't have a a shrimp pile like most buffets just a small dessert size cup with one shrimp and some cocktail sauce. The king crab legs were very good and so was the rest of the food, I just wished they had a wider selection of food but the dessert section kinda made up for it.. . They had a lot of different kinds of cakes with my favorite the key lime pie and the occasional cheesecake, gelato, fresh fruit and warm baked cookies. Restroom is located right behind the dessert section so it beats walking outside of the buffet.. . The buffet is located in the 2nd level of the casino right next to the Zarkana theater, Gold Lounge, pool and the hotel elevators. Buffet overall was not bad but I had better.
I've eaten at the Aria Buffet on two consecutive Vegas trips, most recently at the end of September. Both times, the buffet was a home run with myself and everyone in my party. . . The setting is beautiful, with a view of the pool complex and a lot of natural light. I love the trend towards using natural light that is in the newer Vegas properties. . . Both of my experiences have been with the lunch selections. I love that for an extra ten dollars, you can add on bottomless Mimosas or Blood Marys. This is a bargain and the servers keep your glasses full. Services is great here.. . The food is high quality and I although I felt like it had a smaller selection that other similar buffets (Wynn/Bellagio), I still found plenty to enjoy. Aria, like other high end buffets, has crab leg already cracked. As far as I am concerned, this is the only way to eat crab legs. I don't like fighting with my food! My boyfriend's mom found plenty of vegetarian options that she enjoyed. .  . My only complaint is the that the shrimp cocktail comes in little cups of two. At most buffets, this is my favorite item and I can eat a bunch. Granted, you can technically take as many cups as you want, but it seems that the demand is higher than they can keep up with. The presentation is nice in the cups, but they should just put it on a platter and let people help themselves.. . This is a great buffet in a beautiful hotel and I'm looking forward to my next visit!
Hadn't been to a buffet for years in Vegas, so I was trying to round up everyone to go to the Wynn buffet.  Unsuccessful because these guys were staying at Vdara, so they had the resort credit.  Fine, whatever, I'll give it a shot.. . I can say...pretty good.  Not quite Wynn, but up there.  Before I get to the food, it's important to note how spacious and clean this place is.  There are those buffets that look so ghetto that you really can't feel comfortable pigging out.  This is not one of those buffets, so rest assured that's not a problem.. . They space out the food by various kinds of cuisine: Chinese, seafood, meat section, sushi, etc.  Here's the important stuff: king crab legs, rack of lamb, prime rib.  As long as you have those big three, then I'm sold immediately.  Just grab a plate of king crab legs, grab some warm butter, and go to town!  They also have a BBQ beef and pork ribs too, which are a nice change-up from the big three.  . . Aside from that, don't waste your time on sushi.  It's just standard fare and quite unappetizing if you ask me.  The dim sum here was pretty bleh, but the roasted duck leg and Peking duck was pretty damn awesome.  Raw oysters were also ftw.  And their truffle mac and cheese...this is probably the best thing in this place for real.  I typically stay away from carbs when I come to a buffet, but for truffle anything, I'll always make the exception.  My only gripe is that the shrimp wasn't already shelled, and that's why I can't give it a 5.  Come on, I don't have the time to waste on shucking the shrimp!. . Barely made it to dessert, but their cheesecake is pretty good.  They have a pretty nice assortment of desserts as well as gelato.  Of course if you actually make it to dessert, I commend you.  Also have fruits, which has a purpose that I don't really have to make further mention of.. . I still wanna go back to Wynn buffet but this was pretty good.
came here because we had a resort credit.  would probably not have come here without it because it would of been 45 dollars a person since it was 'holiday' pricing.  but i believe mosthotels will charge alot during holiday periods.  we came at around 5pm and there wasn't a wait at all.  we also noticed throughout the night that the line wasn't that long compared to lets say the spice market.  like most buffets they have your prime ribs, sushi, crab legs, etc.  some unique stuff we tried were the dim sum, and fish and chips.  they also have a really fresh salad bar.  we both felt the quality of the food and vegetables were very fresh.  unlike most buffets where they leave a lot of old food, we noticed they didn't do that here.  as for desert, they had many selections from creme burlee to cheese cake to ice cream.  one thing we didn't enjoy was the server had too many tables to wait on and therefore it took  a little to get our drinks.  but i guess thats a management issue.  overall i would say this is a great buffet with many different ethic foods and from what we tried, the food all tasted nice and fresh.  because of the price though, i'm not sure if we'll come back for awhile since wynn, belliagio, rio, and spice market are all really good options.
Went there dinner 1/31/12.  They had the unlimited lobster tail for $70 special. Really liked their selection. Nice cocktail shrimps. Crab legs were already opened for easy eating. Good overall.
Stayed at the Aria 1/3-1/5/13. We ate 3 meals there breakfast, lunch, dinner. We encountered hardly any wait when we went on all 3 occasions but obviously this is going to vary greatly depending on day of week etc.. The food seemed to be up to par with the competitions. Everything was well laid out and tastefully displayed. The food stations were kept clean and restocked.. On all 3 visits our wait staff kept our table clear and drinks filled. The dining areas were kept very clean and clear.. The Aria's Buffet is exactly what I expect from a Upper end Vegas Buffet. Nothing outrageous but nothing nasty. The ayce King Crab & Prime Rib were as good as any. For me it was the perfect place to catch a simple meal without leaving the resort.
Weekday morning breakfast buffets for $17.99 is not too shabby!  . . Keep in mind to go around 10:30AM so you can hit the breakfast as well as the lunch items.  If you decide to go earlier, you may end up running out of things to eat.  For me, I love variety so that was a huge bonus.  The lunch items come out at 11:00AM so everything was freshly prepared and hot.. . Tips:. -Go for the warm/hot snow crab legs (much better than the cold ones). -Clam chowder was great and you can put in some freshly cooked clams from another section of the buffet too.  They're in a big pot.. -They have congee that you can add preserved eggs and bbq pork. -Fresh naan bread made in front of you. -The dessert section is big and have a variety of sugarless items. -Loved the gelato and sorbets. -Washrooms are located inside the restaurant, -less walking
Hands down better than any of the standard buffets.  Yes, it's a little pricier than others, but it is well worth it.  The food is good quality, and plentiful.
My boyfriend and I really liked this place that we ate here two days in a row during brunch. Brunch over the weekends cost around $30.. . On the first day we ate here, we got here just before dinnertime but only paid for brunch and was able to enjoy some of the dinner foods they brought out.. I was really craving some meat that day and got the prime rib. I was hugely disappointed to find that it was tough, overcooked and dry. . My favorite item was the smoked salmon. . The chicken sausage was also great; the frittata that comes in the mini cast iron skillet was okay but a bit salty. The mashed potato was plain. The eel sushi was good. My boyfriend was a huge fan of the crab legs. . I didn't try any dessert due to a gluten allergy but my boyfriend liked the pistachio gelato.. When dinner came around, we heard that they had lamb leg and I got a piece of that and was disappointed yet again; it too was tough, overcooked and dry.. I also got some raw oysters which were pretty good. . . The next day, the line was longer when we got there but it still moved relatively fast. I tried their scrambled eggs which were bomb-diggity. I got some more smoked salmon of course, as well as the chicken sausage. They also had some cooked veggies (zucchini, yellow squash and carrots) which were great. I tried one of their proscuitto and it tasted horrible. I think I remember telling my boyfriend it tasted like soap. It was so bad that I spit it out into a napkin. Again, no dessert for me but my boyfriend liked the creme brulee. . . Overall I really liked this buffet. One star docked off because of the disappointing meat and most of the items were okay, not great. But I'd still come back here if I'm ever back in Vegas.
The hubby and I went here last weekend. It was our first time back since it re-opened. All I can say is OMG! This place is so good! We went for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We got there pretty early so we were seated right away and the server was very polite.  (Btw, the server told us that Saturday afternoons are the busiest.) The are lots of food options and if you have special dietary needs, ex. Gluten-free, there are some options for you. If you get an omelet made for you at the omelet station, it will be big so you might want to share so they you have room for the other delicious food.. .  We are definitely coming here again!
Wish I was there for breakfast / lunch. But hot dog! That craaaab was gooooood~! The first thing you see is the dessert on the left side. There's some really good cheesecake, a variety of ice creams, and a bunch of baked stuff that you just wanna attack first before getting towards the back.. . They have a quaint selection of deli and a fair amount of MEAT in the back. Towards the center is seafood and salad and though there wasn't much of a selection for sushi, the rolls that were there were pretty good. You can also make your own salad and they even have blue cheese. (YUCK).. . The one thing I was probably disappointed about that night was the tandori chicken. Otherwise, damn, that butter chicken and the naan...HELLLLLO~! . . I think the quality of the food was pretty good though it can probably tear a whole in your pocket.
This was a great experience. We did the bottomless mimosa/bloody mary option and took advantage of it which our waiter seemed absolutely fine with - he didn't rush us at all even though we must have been there for a few hours and had a large group and were fairly demanding (a post-vegas brunch obviously requiring a tricky balance of about four beverages at once- coffee, water, alcoholic beverage, diet coke, etc.). Buffet options were great- I especially loved the garlic naan and the chow fun. . .  Dessert was also delicious- they have various kinds of gelato with toppings and dozens of kinds of pastries/cakes/cookies including cake pops and apple pie.
I loved this buffet! As locals we tend to avoid the strip but this was so worth the traffic! I love that is almost more tapas style, than buffet style. There were a couple things that were "meh", like the WAAAAY over cooked saffron risotto , the tepid fish and chips, and some dried out dim sum. However on all of those the flavor was good, especially the risotto, but they were just sitting out too long. The mushroom polenta was mind blowing, and the dessert were phenomenal...really everything else was amazing. Also by pre-dishing most the stuff you waste less food and get to try more dishes. I will most definitely be going back!
At around $40 Dollars for Brunch, I was expecting a really great situation when it came to food quality. The Aria Buffet did not let me down. They had many different stations that included LATIN, and ASIAN and and AMERICAN.. haha.. and some Mediterranean style dishes and salads too. There was a fantastic salad station which had a Waldorf Sald when I visited .. I like Waldorf Salad.. and a really nice dessert bar that included a rotating Gelato bar. . . In addition, since it was Brunch,. they had chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, pancakes to order..hashed potatoes and eggs.  I'm a sucker for Breakfast. I Brake for good brunch. I could have my chicken and waffles with eggs, Chinese-Style steamed buns and Mimosa! . . Pretty excellent and I would go again if given the chance. In a sea of buffets and all you can eateries ..thie ARIA Buffet stands out for me! Happy Eating!
Great experience eating here although after eating 5,000 calories in one meal you get the feeling that you want to die.  . . Seafood is excellent.  The crab legs and cooked jumbo shrimp make it worth paying the premium prices here.  Dessert and gelato are also tasty so save some room if that is even possible.. . The overall feel of this buffet is upscale and they are very nice about not rushing you to finish.  Other buffets try to get you out of there as soon as possible to make room for new people but I definitely did not get that feeling here.
I will give 3.5 stars if I can. . . My boyfriend and I came here for Lunch on a weekday. There was a small line outside at the entrance but the line moved fairly fast. We were in line for less than 10 min. Upon seating, our Server Linda came to the table right away and took our drink orders. Unlike other buffets in town, if you are drinking any soft drinks, water, juice, coffee, they are already included in the price. For alcohol, there is an extra $12.99 which is also a good deal for all-you-can-drink beer and wine. . . They have different stations at the buffet area for different cuisines, anything from Italian, French, American, Mexican,Asian, to seafood and desert. We started from the Beef Brisket, they give you a huge piece (good for the gentleman) and it is so tender and juicy. The fat and the lean meat are at a perfect ratio. One thing I was surprised that they didn't have is lamp chop, hopefully they can add that onto the menu soon. . . Their salad bar is very extensive. A friendly staff is behind the counter and mix your salad right there for you with the fresh ingredients of your choice, and salad dressing of your choice of course. I am very impressed by this because you know it is not some old salad they premade and let it sit there overnight. . . As for the Asian station, one thing I am not so satisfied is the sushi they offer. It is very simple cucumber roll and sushi with no-real-fish stuffing. But they do have sashimi and shrimp ceviche in a small cup to make it up :-) The Chinese food they offer is ok I will say, I had congee which is yummy and delicious but the dim sum is a little bit too dry. I dont think they made it themselves, probably from the box. . . Seafood is my personal favourite, they have snow crab legs, clams, mussles (both on ice and in soup). I love it! . . Last but not the least they have a great desert bar! 7 different kinds of icecream and all kind of different sweets! Perfect for the ones who have sweet tooth. . . I heard they have wider and better selections for the weekend gourmet dinner. We will come back and check it out!
Ranks up there with one of my fave's in Vegas. Clean, good, fresh food with a touch of class. Everything on my plate was good from the mini chicken and waffles basket to my cookies and cake i had for desert. They cut out all the unecessary stuff and leave all the good stuff. The carving board (Prime Rib, Ham) was waaaaay good. Our drinks came fast, service was good, can't complain I'll definitely be back here.. . . Honorable Mention:  Prime Rib!
Been here about 10 times now. I noticed visiting this past week they renovated it a bit. The buffet is a bit on the pricey side but that's not out of the norm for strip casino spots. Nice atmosphere, very open and well arranged room. Service except for one time was very good. Done plates were taken promptly and drinks were refilled before they could get empty. There is a tandoori oven and the desserts are from the Jean Phillippe Patisserie(sp?) in Aria. Food for the most part is well above average. Usually food isn't allowed to sit too long out on the line.
I usually don't like going to buffet's anymore cuz I overindulge and end up feeling horrible about myself but this one actually felt pretty good afterwards. The buffet offered selections from hand tossed salads, various types of breads and cheeses, fresh seafood, and different types of meat cooked in every way possible. It's really hard to describe the whole dining experience in detail because of the overwhelming choices at this buffet but one thing I can say is that Aria did not spare on the quality of ingredients.. . Highlights of the Meal:. Diner- Mac and Cheese with Truffles and the Grilled Cheese with Tomato Bisque. Seafood- Alaskan King Crab Legs. Poultry: BBQ Braised Pork . Dessert: Lemon Bar and the Gelato!. . Quite pricey compared to usual buffets at $45 per person for dinner but the two complementary meals for hotel guests make the bill a bit more reasonable. . . Also, if you're planning to come here for dinner I suggest you wait until around 6pm so that the leftovers from the lunch menu are already replaced by freshly cooked ones. My family and I went around 4:30pm so the sushi and seafood looked like they were out for a while. Besides that, the food was delicious and the service excellent, so I give the restaurant 4 stars for giving us a great family dining experience.
Good buffet lunch but what's up with the Korean music? The cheesecake is to die for but skip the CAKE pops aka as CHOCOLATE WHIPPED CREAM pops!
I am surprised that this buffet is not rated better because I really liked it. The seafood was outstanding: shrimp and mussels so fresh you can't stop eating. The crab legs were less impressive, but good enough for a buffet. The bottomless drinks were also pretty fantastic - I've had sangria and a mimosa, my husband had a bloody mary and a beer - and both food and drinks were relatively inexpensive. Last but not least: the dessert selection was fabulous. I still relive the caramel flan.... . The biggest problem with this buffet was that it took some time to get in: long line at the door even though it appeared half empty inside.. . Other than that, highly recommend: it's worth your time and money.
improved from it's previous version. The asian section was not up to par.
First Impression: Great decor, bright seating, many food selections. . What impressed me:. Crab legs were sliced lengthways to allow easy consumption. Omelettes were made fresh to order. Jean Philippe cakes were displayed on top of dessert shelf. Servings portioned out to allow tasting. . I enjoyed this buffet for brunch. I would even go as far to say that I prefer this over Wicked Spoon. The food here was fresh and tasty.
We aren't fond of buffets in general but we came here because it was part of a hotel deal during our stay at the Vdara.  Once in a while, especially when you're traveling with kids, it is quite fun to go to a buffet, and we trusted that since the Aria is pretty new and with a good reputation, we thought we'd give it a try.  In general, once you get off your high horse, you'll find that the food here is pretty good!  I am changing my lifestyle, so I stuck mainly to fish and vegetables.  I enjoyed the fish, bok choy/mushrooms at the Chinese station and the veggie antipasti at the Italian station the most, and how can you go wrong with fresh fruit?  Atmosphere and decor were bright, spacious, and airy, and most of the staff were friendly and polite.  If I get another buffet coupon I'd definitely return.
We were in Vegas last weekend for our anniversary and ate at the Buffet twice for dinner. Our first night in Vegas had gone to the Bellagio buffet which has totally gone to the dogs. . Aria had a great selection and variety. Seafood alone was great. Lamb ribs and leg of lamb! Yummy! Beef ribs, I was in heaven. They could do more in thedessert section. And the mediterranean section is lame. The Tabouli is all wrong. Tabouli should be primarly parsley, not bulgur. And they should add some Kababs etc. . One thing i noticed is that they no longer offer the 1/2 lobster tail on Fridays, which was a pretty nice offering.
Creme brulee at 11am. Yes.. . I was really pleased with the Aria Buffet as a whole. On a Sunday morning, the line wasn't ridiculous and we were seated within 10 minutes of walking up. The presentation for the chicken and waffles was beautiful. There was a little fry basket lined with paper and it had mini waffles and chicken tenders/nuggets inside. Perfectly portioned and cute to boot. Did I mention the dessert station?. . Minus a star for some food looking like it needed to be stirred. Also the person who is responsible for writing the food names on the signs needs an English class desperately.  Maybe it was purposeful, but I don't think so.
I came for lunch to meet someone from my online dog group that's visiting. I've never seen a buffet that has had such a mixed bag of reviews so I didn't know what to expect. It was convenient and right there at her hotel though. I rarely buffet and went to Bacchanal a few days before this, but found it was good for $22.. . Best things was the snow crab was quality and just as good as the Bacchanal was. The carving station had a roast pork and a beef brisket that were tender and flavorful.  A few of the dumplings from the Asian section was pretty good. I've never seen Indian station at a buffet before, but this had a decent chicken curry. Nice charcuterie selection, the ceviche and my white anchovy/boquerones salad was good. There were a few misses, but minor like the pork belly steam bun was really dried out, I didn't like the satay chicken stick and one of my sushi pieces had crunchy rice. . .  Dessert wise, the buttscotch budino was really good. I had a few cookies and brownies and whoopie pies that were good as well, but that was the standout item. . . Service was alright. Our drinks were refilled for the most part in good time. We weren't in a hurry and were distracted talking anyways. . . It's not the largest buffet and gets overshadowed by Cosmo's Wicket Spoon next door, but I thought it was pretty solid. Nothing was really bad, which I can't even say for my experience at WS so if you're staying here at the Aria, I don't think it's a bad idea to try it out.
I would have thought that this buffet would get a higher rating. I really liked this place, so much that I have eaten here a few times and all those times, never disappoint. . I just wish they would have bigger crab legs, i know that their crab legs are split for easier consumption but damn, their is barely any meat on them.
I'd say this place is almost as good as the highly rated Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's. I've eaten at most of the buffets on the Strip and think this is one of the better ones in terms of food quality and restaurant ambiance (for a Vegas buffet). . . I went there about 30 minutes before their weekend brunch was over so there were no lineups to contend with and I could also sample some of their dinner items when they switched over. The food selection was not as extensive as the aforementioned buffet. However, what was there I would say was fairly high quality and authentic.  Even though it was during the switchover period, most of the food were still fresh-tasting.  Only a small handful seems like they were sitting for some time. . . Some memorable items included the French toast with a creamy berry filling, prime rib cooked just right, nice sized tiger shrimp, moist baked salmon,  Chicago style pizza, grilled swordfish, and their yummy desserts.  . . I'll be placing this on my buffets to revisit list :-)
First of all, this buffet has been revamped as of early 2013, so don't let the ratings fool you. They've added two new stations: Fish Market and Latin to bring a total of 11 stations. Of course, it's always a wiser choice to eat buffets during lunch on a weekday, and it's even better when your mom has free passes because she likes to gamble. But if I had to pay that day, it would have been $22.99 for a Friday lunch buffet. I really didn't think this buffet was that far off from Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace. I paid over $50, albeit dinner, for Bacchanal a few months ago, and I left just as satisfied.. . Their Asian section is not as good as Bacchanal's, but they do have a few dim sum goodies. I was surprised that their chicken & waffles were really good. Waffles were moist and the chicken was tender and juicy. Another surprise I found were dried mangoes in their cheese section. I've never seen dried mango at a buffet before, and you can bet I snagged a few in my purse for the road. Dried mangoes - my weakness. They also had really fresh smoked salmon, which I made a lox bagel with their assortment of cream cheese. . . Dessert was amazing, although I am biased because I have a sweet tooth. I pretty much love all pastries. On average, I spend close to half my time at the dessert bar, unless it's just terrible. The dessert bar here is comparable to Bacchanal's. They had a large assortment of pastries from chocolate and almond croissants, to blueberry crumble muffins. Their coconut macaroons were so moist and decadent. The only disappointing thing would be their ice cream. They have a good variety, but it just didn't taste very creamy. It was a bit puffy, like a little too airy or something. Overall, I really liked this buffet and would recommend this over Bacchanal; it's just a better deal.
This Buffett was surprisingly very delicious! . Bottomless mimosas for Memorial Day started things off on a high note. It is very upscale and has quite a variety for being a Buffett. . . I had crab legs, which were steamed, seasoned well and already open for you. I also had smoked salmon, garlic chicken and some potatoes. . They had breakfast items, Chinese food, all kinds of meat and more. The decor is very nice & upscale, I would go back!
Food was good. The service was ok. I made a request to move to better seating area about 1/4th the way in and my request was granted.  However after I moved, I was ignored until I was halfway through desert (right before I left).  In general, I kind of like it this way.  I always hate having servers constantly asking you questions over and over when your mouth is full of food and you are trying to eat in peace. However they broke my #1 rule of rules.  One rule to rule them all! Keep my cup full.  Since we are not permitted to fill our own cups like we are at some buffets, this left me rather thirsty for most of the meal, which sucks.. . To be fair though, the server did recognize the issue after 30 minutes or so and apologized profusely for forgetting me. It was probably my fault anyways, messing up her groove by requesting a move to another table.. . BTW, buffet decor, great! I love the modern, artsy feel to the place.  Plenty of good food and presentation was good. Didn't see any stations go near empty.. . I gave it a 4/5. It was an honest mistake in my opinion and other than that blunder, I was satisfied.. . PS: this isn't a 5 diamond establishment. Some reviewers want to pretend and rate it like it is. :-/.
The redesigned Aria buffet is good, but not the best buffet on the strip.. . There's not much to say about it. It's clean, open and has a lot of food options. The dessert is notable, although I would steer clear of the gimmicky spinning gelato machine that looks like it's out of Wheel of Fortune. The gelato is subpar and is no where near the quality of the Gelato outside at John Phillipe's or Bacchanal.. . That being said, I like the layout and the way the carvery and seafood stations are setup.. . Don't miss out on the delicious King Crab Legs. Have the guy behind the counter steam them warm for you - it makes them less salty, especially compared to the really salty Snow Crab legs they serve.
This buffet has been vastly improved over its predecessor. The food selection is much more expansive, the pricing - fairly reasonable, and the layout, no longer a cluster#4k (although some sections still have retarded elevation changes). I recently tried the weekend brunch buffet for about $30 per person. They've decoupled the price of food and alcohol to make the buffet seem more economically priced compared to other high end buffets like Bacchanal over at Caesars. I'd still say that Caesar's buffet is still the better of the two, but Aria's at least will not leave you disappointed. There's some standout food items like the dim sum tray and the indian food selection. One sore spot for the buffet would be the lack of fruit choices for brunch- watermelon, cantaloupe, and honeydew shouldn't be the only fruit choices at a high end buffet. . . If you have an Mlife players club card (Pearl and above) you can utilize the buffet line pass. Overall, a nice option, if you are trapped within City Center.
better than average,but I've had better.
While in Vegas, the boyfriend and I went to this buffet on one of our mornings while in town. This buffet is pricey at about $35 a person, but it is worth it! They also have unlimited mimosas for about $10. Wait is usually about 30 minutes to get a table.. . Food wise, they have everything from omelettes, to french toast, to fruit, to seafood, to pancakes and much more. Food was really good and I got full petty fast. . . Service was pretty good and they kept our drinks full and they always took our plates away right away.. . I would probably be back here in the future when we are back in Vegas!. . Cheers.
I think folks have been a little too harsh on this buffet. After reading all the reviews, I didn't feel like going, but we had a free pass, so what the heck! We did lunch on Monday, so $23.00 per person and almost no wait. It looks like they renovated, because the place looked fresh. I also liked that there were large windows there and a lot of sunlight coming in. Now, the view that opened was directly showing the pool area, and at certain places, those who dine could see those who soak in the jacuzzi pretty close! Not sure this is the best combination, but whatever.. . Our server was on top of things. It looked like she had a lot to do, but we got all the drinks we wanted and she kept an eye on our table at all times. It might not seem like it, but these folks work hard, so we made sure to leave a good tip. . . Now, to food. Some of the sections I didn't care for, but out of the eight different cuisines they offer I'm sure you will find something you like. My personal favorites were:. . - the European section with the cold cut meats and breads. - the seafood section (clam chowder was exceptional!). - the steaks and grilled meats were quite good. - the Mediterranean section with pitas and salads. - the desserts had a great selection, but you never have room for those, anyways. . . I would probably not choose this buffet as a dinner option, but for lunch it was great!
My SO and I decided to go out rather than stay home and cook.  I would have to say, Aria is one of my favorite hotels, however I've only been to the buffet twice.  First time there was comped by my company :D. My second visit  was about $73 plus tip on Thurs around 5:00pm (2 ppl).  There was absolutely no line which was awesome! My review is based on what I inhaled or tasted.. lol...there is so much food it's overwhelming!  But what else can you expect at a buffet.  . . I'm a seafood fan, and they had a good variety of seafood, such as reg crab legs (hot or cold), king crab!!!!, large shrimp, mussels, scallop ceviche, shrimp cocktail (large shrimp too!), and clams.  (During my first visit they also had oysters and lobster.)  I spent most of my time around the crab legs.. With clarified butter..yum!  The shrimp cocktails were also good, the sauce is just right, and not over-powered by horseradish.. . I love Sushi!  However, the selection they had today was sub-par and not even tempting enough to taste.  Rolls I can remember: masago, California, vegetable.... . As for the meat selection they had.. pork shoulder, bbq beef brisket, rotisserie chicken,  prime rib.. (I couple of other items i cant remember). I tried the BBQ beef brisket and pork shoulder.  Out of both the BBQ brisket was delish, tender, and juicy!  . . Other memorable items, freshly made pita bread, cheese station, Asian food station which included chow mein, beef broccoli, Mexican, salad bar...and that about it.. . Love the dessert station, bananas foster had just the right amount of rum, they have a good selection of gelato, similar to M buffet.  The carrot cake was slightly dry, coconut cream cake was too sweet, and the cheesecake was just right (fora buffet cheesecake).  . . Overall, it's a good buffet, service was good, drink refills came in a timely fashion along with plate clean up, plus I can't complain over AYCE king crab legs... One can definitely get their money's worth on the king crab alone!
Free buffet for breakfast came with my room booking.  Sure beats the hell out of a Marriott continental breakfast in Anytown, USA.. . I am usually pretty skeptical about buffets, but wow do I love the higher end variants that appear to be rather sanitary.. . Since I am a hefty fellow, I do not take the task of adequately preparing for a buffet lightly.  You have to know what I am talking about when you fill up after eating only two, two and a half heaping plates.  It's very dissapoining.  Think about how much you are leaving on the table (look at me, droppin a pun).. . Meanwhile, think about a lighter dinner the night before, and even if you drink, resist the urge of a big 3AM meal.  I did just this, and woke up around 8AM and mentally prepared myself for a 10AM feast.  Meditation, some slots, USA today, perhaps some of you more fit folks might get an early morning workout in (me, not so much, that's just silly talk).  . . If you are famished by the time you check in with the cashier for the buffet line, congrats, you have properly prepared for your breakfast.. . The service was very good - friendly and attentive.  The food selection is quite overwhelming, with different ethnic stations surely adding to the experience.. . While I won't put the experience quite on par with the Wynn buffet, it will absolutly get the job done.  I dont need to list every station, but I think my plates consisted of various concoctions of eggs, belgian waffles, pizza, yogurt parfaits, donuts, Indian naan, latin style eggs and tortillas, gellato, asian dumplings, and all kinds of other fun stuff.  Lots of different seafood offerings as well.. . So overall, it's a great comped breakfast, but at thirty something dollars a person, I'd probably consider taking a walk to Denny's if I had to pay for it.  That said, if I was feeling lazy, I'm surethe thirty something dollars is relatively cheap compared to regularly priced restaruants at the hotels.. . So go on, grab that special someone, and treat them to the romantic meal of a lifetime.. . **bonus** I didn't see people taking pictures of their plates and the food stations in order to post them on various social media sites.  Which made me happy. Because, please reach out to me and let me know why in the name of {Insert chosen diety here} to people feel the need to do that?. . **Bonus 2** Just to show you how serious I am about my buffet eating:  Upon returning to my table I found my table cleared..I asked the waitress and she apologized and said, that I had finished a few plates and a couple of dessert plates so she thought i was done.  i said it was understandable and put my next round of two plates on the table to continue my meal.  I had such a smile inside, because even for a buffet waitress, who probably has witnessed gluttony like you can't possibly imagine, I somehow baffled her.  I guess it's a good time to tell you that Adam from Man vs. Food is my personal role model...
I ate here at 2pm and its now midnight and I'm still not hungry. . . For $32 you get all the snow crab legs you can eat w out getting sick, endless California rolls, amazing blueberry blintzes, diverse desserts, and much more. . . The only thing I wish this place had was chicken wings or fried chicken.
Giving this a 3 star rating, +1 because we won $1500 at the Aria.. . Buffets are to get stuffed. And this does it well. Price was decent if you go prior to 330pm.. . Personally I favored the seafood and the carvery. Tried the asian food, was probably worse than Panda-Express quality. . . Also if you don't intend on drinking more than 2 beverages from the bottomless well, just go ahead and pass on that. Not worth the extra 12 bucks in my opinion. . . NOTE: Took the monorail to get to the Aria. And it was quite the journey (not in a good way). The monorail says you have access to the Aria from the Bally's/Paris station... This is far from accessible. You have to walk all the way through Bally's casino floor to the front entrance where we were greeted with 120 degree heat and escalators that didn't work. Then up and across the street to the Bellagio, then all the way through the Bellagio casino floor to the opposite side to the tram that takes you to Crystals. Then through the Aria casino floor and finally to the Buffet. The walk was probably 4 times the time it took to take the monorail from LVH to Bally's.
The buffet that all buffets are measured against is Bellagio's. And Aria's new buffet is better than Bellagio's.. . Here there is lighter fare, which is a positive or negative depending on your perspective. While Bellagio has great food, I feel like the Michelin man weighed down by ankle weights when I am finished there. At Aria, I was nice and full but I didn't feel disgusting afterward. . . And here the variety is better. It hit all the requisite stations, but it did so in different ways than at traditional buffets. . . Two downsides, though: The signage for the food was poor, leaving you to guess what some items were; and the price at 3:30pm was just about $50, including tax/tip. . . I recommend, but not for those having to pay for a family.
Excellent!! Aria Buffet is one of the best in Vegas =) (Except the chinese section)
One of my Go to buffets in Vegas! If you're a MLife member (Pearl and up? Or was it just any MLife level?) You get a special line, so don't wait in line for an hour! . . I love Aria buffet and after eating here at least a good dozen times, I can honestly recommend it to everybody. Unlike a lot of the buffets, here, it has a feeling of airiness. It's bright, inviting, and has a view of the Aria pools (which may or may not be good news).  When I'm getting down and stuffing my mouth, I don't want to feel claustrophobic or think the ceilings are about to cave in.. . Every time I go it's packed, which is a good sign because food is constantly being replaced and made. I love the crab legs and if I had my way, I would be there all day. . . The downside is that it's pricey for the amount of food available. Good thing MGM resorts always have those free buffet vouchers available! A good thing to remember is to check for promo codes online before you book at their properties. They let you eat at most of their buffets regardless of location. Aww yeah.
This afternoon at around 10:30am, we waited about 45 minutes for lunch.  The restaurant had a nice pleasant ambiance with warm earth tones like orange, beige and yellow.  There was a good selection of food ranging from seafood, Mexican to Asian.  The food was constantly replenished and the counters were clean.  . The waiter  was attentive- dishes were cleared quickly;  and he checked on us frequently. . . Overall, the food was good based on buffet food standards.  . - The popular  snow crab legs were meaty and slightly salted.  As with most buffet items, once you taste more than five pieces of the same item, the taste gets progressively worse.  . - The best items were the fresh selection of sweet watermelon, cantaloupes, melons; and the delicious mini mint chocolate cupcakes- just perfect size and not too sweet. -As with most buffet meats, the meat items (ham, sausage) were dry; however,  the BBQ chicken was quite tasty and only a tad dry.. -The beef for the make-it-yourself tasty tacos was well seasoned.   . . I  really enjoyed their quality selection of organic teas like peppermint and  black tea. We didn't  try the Chinese dim sum or sushi as they didn't look too appetizing.
Picture a long, rectangular dining table, and at the end there is my mouth, opening and closing.. chomping away.  So maybe this illustration is too cartoon-esque?  But I truly feel like I'm a kid in a candy store! . . Unlimited, all you can eat, and the food is BOMB! Best of all, it's always FREE when I go! Thanks MGM casino hosts, you are loved!  Now, if I had to pay, I think it might be a bit overpriced.. but it's quite tasty, not even for a buffet, but quite tasty.. period!. . With my recent visit here, it was on like Donkey Kong.  Some items I had included: Southern fried chicken, prime rib, bbq pork, ribs, gazpacho, ceviche, thai beef salad, mac and cheese, steamed mussels, crab legs, garlic clams, dim sum, Indian style curry, cold cuts, salad, ice cream, and flan.. . The area where it could improve is the Asian section. Like most buffets, they throw in a Mongolian grill that serves up noodles, and calls it authentic.  Do I enjoy it? Absolutely! But that doesn't mean the variety is there.  I did appreciate that the dim sum came in mini bamboo steam basket.. ADORABLE!. . Thanks for filling me up so I look preggo at the pool party, Aria Buffet!
Classic international buffet. We were 4 for lunch and had lunch for $150 (including everything but we did not have alcoholic beverages). Our waitress was nice and helpful. . There's lots of choice, but the Sweets counter is great. Croissants are good  ( being french makes you really picky when it comes to croissants), cakes are cute.. The only thing to be improve would be the coffee (not great) and a greater variety of bread. . That being said, I would definitely go back just for the place. Nice view over the swimming pools, natural sunlight, lots of rooms between the tables, not too crowded, and not a long waiting time to be seated. And good music!
Another year passed and another vacation with complimentary buffets were booked. . . The food is about the same but the interior is definitely re-organized. They now also have a few indoor patio seats by the wait line. I sat there for the first day and all was good except the fact you have all these hungry people staring at you lol. . I still stand by what I said in my first review. If I had to pay, I would rather go elsewhere.
Enjoyed Aria's buffet, been here with the hubby for breakfast and Sunday brunch. I enjoy the pastries from Jean Phillipe :) A little of everything for everyone. I like the open seating feel. The crowd here is average and I am ok with that, don't like feeling like I'm in a herd of people. Food here is fresh and presentable. The times we have been here, our servers have always been very attentive and friendly!
Crab legs, crab legs, crab legs.. . Our family visited this buffet on Saturday Evening. Expected long line to be seated, there were few people out there and we were promptly seated. . . Craving crab as i seated beside the buffet tables. And there were lot more asian fusion. Chinese wonton soup, Japanese sushi. Salad, cheese, salamis, and desserts. . . The staffs were very friendly and the drinks were free. The end of the meal, we had coffee. It was gorgeous.
This was the best buffet we have had in Vegas.  I like the selection and didn't even get to try everything before I got full.  The Gluten Free items are marked (not a ton of selections, but at least you don't have to guess).  The only complaint I have is that we had to wait a long time even though most of the tables were empty.  Not sure what's up with that.  Also, the music was a little loud & we couldn't really hear what the person seating us was saying.
Honestly, coming in here, I did not know what to expect.  I have not really heard much about the buffet at Aria.  Some people have said it was good, and others have condemned the place.  I have to say that Aria gets a B+ in my book.  Considering that the night before, I had eaten at the Bellagio buffet, and was utterly disappointed at the selection, the freshness, and hoards of people trying to load up on food in the already, cramped space.  I was in complete disarray of how horrible Bellagio was this time, compared to the last time I went there.  From a large walkway to accommodate lots of people searching for what they want to pile on their plates, to the modern decor, the Aria buffet was definitely a breath of fresh air.  Of course getting in for free does help quite a bit, thanks to myVegas.  . . There is a lot of selection to choose from.  Some of the food is already pre-portioned, allowing ease for people to just grab what they desire.  They have types of cuisine which are typical at any buffet.  The dessert selection is also a delight, which features gelato, cakes, pastries, and an assortment of tarts.  . . I would recommend the Aria buffet considering the fact that maybe Bellagio has peaked, and they do not care about quality of food anymore.
Amazing deal for 39.99 per person inc. drinks for an unlimited buffet. 12 different cuisines plus over 3 dozen desserts. Rated 8.5 out of 10 for our party of 4. This is not your parents buffet. This is awesome!
Excellent.  It has indian food (good for vegetarians). They make a salad in front of u whixh is good cuz they can properly toss it
Luckily, I didn't have to pay as much to get in, thanks to coupons. The inside of the buffet is fancy than other buffets at older casinos. The only downfalls to this is lack of selection and less quantities of food. Reasons for the small quantities to prevent the food from going to waste and I can agree with that, especially with the saying "Your eyes are bigger than your stomach." . . What makes this buffet stand out for me is the crab legs and I'm a big fan of lobster and crab, so I always went for a lot. . . Despite the small selection and the quantity, the food is great none the less, only thing that kills it is the pricing and it's worse when it's on a holiday, prices go up.
Let William carve you something nice. He lets you sample anything from carvery with a smile and a bit of humor. Then talk to Adriana in the pastry shop. Great recommendations with a smile. Staff surprisingly kind and passionate about service.
King crab legs galore! Newly renovated ^_^
Pretty good service, and tons of food selection. The place is in the heart of new center Aria, Cosmopolitan and Mandarin. The restaurant has 700 or more capacity, Mila our server did a very good job, plates always taken away and drinks constantly filled. Food selection are from different part of the world cuisine and enjoyed every bite of  appetizer, entrees and dessert.  My rate is down to a star, it's pricey  for $39 per person. Anyway its worth it for an exquisite experience.
I went to Aria buffet during lunch. It was about $25 a person.. . Pros:. - Very modern settings. Beautiful decorations, huge floor to ceiling windows which allows for lots of light.. - Really liked their dim sum selection. - All you can eat crab legs; great deal. - Selections from sushi, sausages, asian cuisine, desserts, seafood, etc . - $12 all you can drink. - Beautiful and uniquely designed desserts. . Cons:. - After 2 plates, you can pretty much get  everything you wanted to eat. There's not as much selection as Bellagio's buffet for instance.
Been to a lot of buffets, expensive and non and I would say this one is great for the price you pay. Tons of food to choose from, a lot of which is made to order. Loved the chilequiles for breakfast, the bacon was perfect and the yogurt bar was amazing! I got the french toast dips, a number of sausages, salad and everything was very tasty. The dessert bar... oh man. I felt like a kid in a candy store. Everything looked amazing. Lemon bar, brownie, gelato. All of it was great. The coffee was good too! I would definitely eat here again during my next stay.
First of all I think with any buffet it's smart to go right before the switch from lunch to dinner. . . I enjoyed the crab legs most ! I really liked the way they cut them so it was easy to eat. They looked sliced for you so you didn't have to do the hard work and have to crack them which was awesome  :) tasted great with the melted butter.. .  I loved the curry chicken ! Really really good, flavor was perfect along with the Nann and Biryan rice . . The dessert was good, lots of gelato flavors. Carrot cake was good :). . Overall was memorable enough  to want to return for my future visits to Vegas :) and also next time I will make sure to not have a stomach full of Fat Tuesday slurpy right before coming here lol I think I could have enjoyed it more lol
Just had a great evening and topped things off at the Aria buffet. $86.46 for two at dinner time. The food was excellent . Try the prime rib it's to die for and I'm not sure why Butta every buffet I look for the clam chowder to try. This one was a hit. Not one thing went wrong on this go round
I absolutely LOVED the Buffet at Aria.. . First off, I don't care whether it was ' better before ' , since it was the first time I was there, and I really enjoyed it. Yes, the price is not on the cheap side, but Hey, you're in Vegas : If you want cheap, you'll get crap. There was a wide variety of  yummy tasting foods from all over the world around the gigantic restaurant, and I tried most of what seemed delicious.. . What I prefered the most was the cheese choices and cold cuts, along with the sea counter, which was very appealing, although the salmon tartare was not very good. The seered sea-bass was Delicious ! And what about the desserts ? Divine ! . . Have a taste you won't be deceived !
This buffet sure did improve! The first time I tried it years ago... it was not good, despite being fancy looking and all... I forgot when they reopened this buffet, but it sure did taste much better this time around. . . First off, HOT crab legs for lunch???? I'm so there!!! No other place have I seen warm crab legs for lunch... not to mention even having crab legs for lunch!! I had a plateful and they were sweet and juicy... drenched in butter, I happily set myself up for a heart attack, lol. The beer battered fish was also very good! The amount of food is not as numerous as other buffets... but the food they had was good. I also had clam chowder - very tasty and creamy. The curry from the Mediterranean station with the basmati rice was delicious.  The prime rib was well cooked (other places it was medium rare) and very tender and tasty. The thing I did not like was the BBQ pork bun... I'm Vietnamese and we are big on dim sum... and this did not hit the spot. It tasted weird to me. They also had har gow (shrimp dumplings)... average tasting. Dessert selection was a bit dismal compared to other buffets...not a big selection and nothing really stood out. They do have waffle cones for your ice cream!. . Lunch was $22. A good deal actually since it includes seafood!! I left at 2:30pm, dinner starts at 3pm and did not see a line really... maybe because today is Tuesday? . . In the end, a BIG improvement over the old buffet here... for the price, it's a pretty good deal, especially if you want more seafood stuff during lunch! But if you are looking for the vast selection at some other places, it's not really here. Service was good and my drink was always filled.
I had Thanksgiving dinner here with family and friends. I was a little worried about coming here with all the "not so good  reviews" on yelp but,  it was actually good.  REAL good. Prime rib was tender and juicy, crab leg was on the small side but, its ayce. turkey was juicy and not dry, ham was wonderful, sushi was fresh, especially the salmon and tuna rolls. They also had a good variety of desserts and gelato. Thier Har Gow and Siu Mi was pretty tasty. Service was awesome, my plates were gone by the time I came back with my seconds and thirds.  The seven of us came out to $399 and our group was abt 25 people, Kids were regular price, no discount or half price.  I woulda given them 5 stars if they were in the low to mid $40's and kid half price and not $57 p/p tax and tip included but, it was still worth it especially when some1 in our group had VIP status and we waited less than 15 mins and bypassed 200-300 people..
I would have given out 5 stars but the service sucked.  I know its a buffet but it doesn't take 10 minutes to get coffee or water.  The food is excellent.
One of my favorite buffet places in Vegas. Bellagio's was meh, Wynn's was good & so was Rio's seafood buffet & Mandalay's. The Buffet at Aria was fun, exciting, enjoyable & honestly quite impressive.. . I'm subtracting 1 star because there was a large group of us eating there (about 12 adults, plus I think 3 kids), & they said they'd have to charge an extra $100 bucks to seat us together. My cousin voluntarily paid - through the nose. Never in my life had I heard of an extra $100 charge to seat a big group together. Maybe that's Aria's version of 'Welcome to Vegas'. I'm not sure the place was full, but yeah.. . Apart from the annoying $100 charge & the "the buffet" logo with its awful kerning (sorry), there really was nothing to complain about. Vegas really does have amazing chefs, & a bunch of them are at Aria. The place has a young, modern feel to it; the food selection was diverse (there was pizza amongst all the sushi & lobster); the seafood was fresh & clean but flavorful; the desserts were adventurous & artistic, & there was lobster...the works. It was expensive (can't remember how much, exactly), but it's worth the $ if you're a foodie, or eating there for the experience.
I am not a buffet fan since I do not eat a lot. I happened to book our stay at the Aria during a promotion for 2 free** buffets per day. I went for brunch one day and breakfast another. It was pretty good. You get what you pay for and IMO this buffet has some quality food. Fresh ice cream. great Indian food, yummy omelets, fresh fruit and more. I would recommend this buffet for meat eaters since there was a variety of choices to choose from. For a vegetarian? Only if you have a resort credit and vegans, forget about it.. . The service was great. One of the best I've experienced at a buffet.  The waiters were nice and quick with drink orders and table clean up.
This is most definitely one of the nicer buffets in Vegas. They offered anything and everything you could possibly want! Vegan sliders, to fresh crab legs, to gumbo, to dim sum... it was all there along with SO much more. Some buffets offer a good variety of food, but the quality just isn't there... that's not the case here. Every item I chose was excellent! The dessert station here was also a step above the rest. They even had gourmet flavors of gelato including oreo and caramel pretzel. Take that, vanilla!. . I enjoyed the layout of this particular buffet as well. Many are located in the center of the casino property, giving them a cafeteria feel, where this one actually had windows surrounding the dining area with nice views of palm trees and the pretty landscaping.
King crab legs for the win! Almost every buffet on the strip offers some sort of crab legs but with different options on opening them. These are cut open taking all of the hard work out of it for you! Many other options from around the world including Italian, Mexican, Indian, Chinese and Japanese. Lots of vegetarian and gluten free options. The winner in the dessert area was the blood orange (sugar free) panna cotta. Service was great keeping your drinks refilled and plates cleared. Beautiful bright clean atmosphere and even an option for bottomless beverages for another 12.99 which includes beers, mimosas, sangrias, wine, Bloody Mary and bellinis!
Finally got a chance to try out Aria's the buffet with my MyVegas 2-for-1 reward.. . Cost: 38$ for lunch. When: Monday (1:05 PM). . Cons: long line wait (1 hour wait, so started eating at 2PM) and bad service originally (our server Mary Ann messed up drink orders, showed up only twice the entire time we were there (but we spotted her chatting with other servers on the side), etc. Other waitress rudely told us she won't help us because "it's not my section" when I asked if she could get us something to drink after we waited 16 minutes from first being seated).. . Pro: cool food setup (gelato dessert rotating wheel and stone oven cooked tortilla), new server (Yugasov?) extremely hard working, decent variety of food, AMAZING tastes (nothing was overpoweringly seasoned or sauced, etc. It tasted like restaurant quality cuisine), and aesthetically pleasing layout.. . Bathroom layout and cleanliness: 3.5 out of 5.. . Overall: think it's worth a trip on a less busy day (use MyVegas or discounts). As other reviewers say, it's no Bacchanal Buffet, but it's still a delicious visit. So 7 out of 10 for me (due to wait and initial service).
