What do you expect when you stay at The Bellagio in Vegas for three nights and a total bill of 1.000 dollars? Good service, right? Or at least what you reserved online.. We got there on a Saturday at 7:30 PM with a reservation for fountain view room and a two queen beds. The guy at the front desk, David, sent us to our room. When I discovered it only had a king size bed, I called the front desk. The girl at the phone said something that I was to hear four times that night: "Sorry but the reservation is not a guarantee of the room". . Cool. So you pay like 300 dollars in advance, and you just get a second or third best. . I decided to go to the front desk in person. They tried all types of strategies: "For 100 dollars more we will give you a suite". "For 30 dollars less we will give you a room that overlooks the back". "We can send you a small bed with wheels". I could not believe it. . After so much stress, the guy sent a very small, very uncomfortable twin size bed to my room. Next morning, we decided to change rooms. Luckily, they had one two floors above. When we got there -in a non smoking floor- it stunk like cigarettes. It was awful. Another change, two floors below again. We got what we wanted, 15 hours later and with no apologies. . I have had better services in a roadside motel. I am going back to Vegas in two weeks and I am just gonna stay at the Wynn or the Cosmopolitan. Bye Bellagio.
For a place that boasts about luxury, its customer service sucks.  Given what they charge for rooms, I'm shocked at how desperate they are to nickel-and-dime their customers.. . I was there for a bachelor party.  We booked eight rooms.  Expedia put on a request -- not a demand, but a request -- that the eight rooms be situated near one another.  When we checked in, the front desk said that they couldn't get the rooms all next to each other, or even in the same hallway.  But they might be able to get them on the same floor.  I said that was fine.. . When we checked out, we learned that for the "courtesy" of trying to place our rooms on the same floor (an attempt that failed, by the way), we'd be charged $30 per room, per night.  And that's on top of their $20 per day per room "resort fee," mind you.  Because we'd never been told about such a "room guarantee" charge -- not at booking, not at check-in -- we protested.  How can we be charged something that we'd never agreed to, or even been notified of?  Well, because nickel-and-dime Bellagio says so.  . . Is the hotel "nice"?  I guess so, but not nearly as nice as it was five years ago.  Are the rooms nice?  Sure.  Are they so much nicer than other hotels that this nickel-and-dime BS is defensible?  To quote Jack Donaghy, "Absolutely not!"  . . Don't go there.  Go somewhere that actually practices customer service befitting a true luxury establishment.
A fancy name for a not-so-fancy hotel.. . The rep that helped check my group in was anything but friendly.  Not helpful, not accommodating, and most certainly not nice.  One simple request (adjoining rooms) was not fulfilled by her, and when asking another check-in rep for help, she was able to get us adjoining rooms without an issue.  Still, neither of these girls were pleasant to deal with. . . Want to add on a fridge? That will be an extra 20 bucks per night.   . . Want to call the front desk? There will be a 10 minute hold.. . How about food service? A 30 - 60 minute wait.. . Free Wi-fi (that's actually included in your $20 resort fee):  You might be able to access one site before you get so frustrated with the slow connection, you just let it be and move on to something else.. . Bellman to come get your luggage?  Never came.. . Late check-out?  No way! (Which I've never been denied at ANY hotel before). . I stopped at a few of the shops, restaurants, lounges in the Bellagio and the service at each stop was awful!  Read my review of Caramel Lounge here:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz/caramel-bar-and-lounge-las-vegas#hrid:1exQo6GRBusHLZyC4RgItg. . The review above is an example of what I found at other vendors/stores inside the Bellagio. Steer clear, fellow Yelpers.. . When staying at one of the more expensive & prestigious hotels, you expect better service than snobbiness and immediate rejections to requests.  I was hoping for an unforgettable experience with speedy service.  I definitely got an unforgettable experience there, one that will make me forever avoid the Bellagio as a hotel guest... even a visitor.. . The only thing I'll give this hotel is a star for their location. Very conveniently located.
First to worst...never seen a bigger decline in a business....I ve stayed at the Bellagio a dozen times over 10 years and actually published a glowing review 10years ago...but, it's changed.  The front desk perosnel were rude, the Resturant -- Olives tried to scam us and the casino cocktail server was outwardly rude!  . . So, we checked out of a free room and moved to another hotel that cost me a grand; demonstrating just how much I disliked the place....my new favs are the Palms and Wynn....stay away from the Bellagio! Sorry.
Too bad you can't have negative stars.  1 star is a huge compliment for these buffoons.. . I hit the Double green on Roulette and THEIR system crashes.  I complain to the staff and they show me the TINY sign on the machine that says "System Errors void all bets." What a bunch of JERKS.  Lost the money I bet and they didn't honor the win.  . . They could easily have rewound the cameras and seen that what I was claiming was true and yet all they did was give me an attitude& treated ME like I was the one who was wrong even though I had TWO eye witnesses sitting right next to me.. . WHAT JERKS!!!!!
If I could give it a worse rating we would.   The place has not been updated forever.   Service is poor at best.   No special pride here.. Trying to check in but they won't let anyone until at least 5.   Way over priced, and virtually nothing to do.   A very boring place that does nothing to make you feel welcome or special.. . Simply put, go somewhere else.   Can't imagine that the same company owns Aria, as they are so different.q
My flight was late for the Cirque de Solei Beatles show. Initially they said they would rebook me for another day. When I provided proof that I had purchased the tickets through a ticket broker and they had acquired the tickets through ticketmaster.t was my sons birthday and that ruined it since I cant always afford $700.00 for a special event.  Bill  I flew from San Diego to Las Vegas and unfortunatley the flight was cancelled by Spirit.  I really believed The Bellagio would have aided us.  I know you are supposed to lose in Vegas but not like this
Disappointed.  Was really excited to stay here since it's supposed to be one of the nicer hotels, and could finally afford it due to a corporate discount.  But after the treatment my family and I received here...definitely not coming back.  I've stayed at Hampton Inns nicer than the Spa Tower, but the real problem was the rudeness of the staff.  I noticed a lot of other people commenting on this if they tried to change rooms, etc.  But we didn't ask for anything extra and still couldn't avoid the attitude of the hotel employees.  I don't know the details of my mom's experience with the concierge but she came back to the room upset one night after trying to pick up show tickets she reserved with the hotel a week ago, which the people at the front desk wouldn't give her until she talked to about 5 different people.  My experience was at the pool one afternoon, I decided to treat my sister and I to some cool drinks and ordered two when approached by a server.  She came back with only mine and I casually asked her if my sister's drink would be out soon, and I about fell out of my seat when she, practically screaming, said that I never ordered another drink and she would have written it down if I did.  My sister and I looked at each other in disbelief and said politely that she must have confused us with some other guests and she replied even more defensively, "No! She said she was full and didn't want anything and I even asked if you wanted anything else!!"  I was in shock, so shocked I foolishly gave her back my credit card to charge for the additional drink without asking to see her manager.  When she got back I told her I didn't appreciate being called a liar, and of course she said "I didn't call you a liar!  I'm sorry I didn't hear you!"  All I can say to that is, sign me up for a job at the Bellagio because all the time I served food to people I never got to be so rude to customers.  Seems like fun!  Anyway the Bellagio didn't seem to get the memo that there are other nicer hotels on the strip now and they probably want to treat their guests better to avoid losing business.  Even if you can afford it, the cheaper hotels are way more fun in my opinion anyway, especially the casinos  :)
I have stayed at the Bellagio for the last time!!  When a pit boss says "let me talk to you like your white!!!!" I think that pretty much translates to "your not welcome colored folk!" So I will take my non-white self to the many other non MGM properties!
Full disclosure: This is only about the Casino, not the hotel or grounds etc which is beautiful. My gripe is coming to play the slots for a while til the water show started outside. Well, we couldn't get a drink to save our lives. We asked someone to call a waitress. Still no one came. We spotted a waitress but she tried very very hard to ignore us. We flagged her, she still turned and ran. That's when we cashed in and left. If you can't get your drank on at a casino in Vegas, well what is the point. Really.
This hotel is terrible. I am here with my husband for the weekend and have a six month old son at home with his grandparents. I am still breastfeeding and arranged for the hotel to help me send frozen breast milk home to my baby during my stay. I called a month ahead of time and was told by multiple concierges and business center personnel that this would not be a problem and that they provide this kind of service to moms all the time. The only reason I chose this hotel or came on this trip was because of how confident they sounded about being able to get this done. . . Well I am here now and was given the run around for over an hour this morning. The bottom line is they did not uphold any of their promises to get the breast milk back to my baby, in fact they don't even know how to handle such a request. They have my calls on file but they were not prepared to do what they guaranteed they could do and wanted to charge me five times more than what they quoted me to get the milk home IF they could figure out how to do it. What happened to they do this this all the time??? I am completely appalled. When I asked for some kind of compensation they said they could give me $100 and that's it. Are they crazy??? What kind of treatment is this? It's nice to know the Bellagio doesn't care about feeding babies!!
I booked the Bellagio for a short honeymoon expecting a high-touch hotel with a grand reputation.  Wow, what a disappointment.. . We check in only to find cleaning supplies in the room.  Nice.  . . Next morning - no hot water.  Not the way we were expecting to start our first day.  After waiting ~ 10 minutes on hold, front desk had no answers other than the entire west wing was out of hot water, boiler problem, no idea when it would be back. When pushed, they offered to waive the resort fee (the $25/day fee for in room wi-fi).. . Upon arriving in our room I noticed that our door did not latch/lock properly.  After a 5-10 minute wait on hold again, I asked that it be fixed.  In the meantime, I made sure I always pulled the door closed to ensure it was locked.. . Day 2-  returned to our room after being gone all day to find that housekeeping wasn't so observant about the non-locking door.  Door was not shut/latched/locked.  Anyone could have entered our room.  Called front desk.  Another 5-10 minute wait on hold.  Asked again for door to be fixed.  Pushed and they offered a $50 credit.  Which did not appear on my bill. Oh, and housekeeping didn't restock the minibar.  I know, a first world problem, but annoying.. . Day 3 - Door still not fixed.  So we put the privacy sign on the door to avoid problems with housekeeping again.  Housekeeping ignored the sign and came in the room.  Which is unfortuate because we didn't pick up or put things away stupidly assuming they would obey the privacy sign.  Called front desk.  Another 5-10 minute wait.  Front desk was rude.  Wouldn't offer anything this time.  Asked for manager.Back on hold.  I hung up.  Eventually a manager called us.  They were apologetic.  Did get another discount, but door still not fixed.. . Day 4 - checkout.  Tried express checkout.  No itemization on TV screen.  But, an itemized bill was e-mailed.  Didn't match the amount on the TV screen.  And no discouns listed.  Had to go to check out counter.  So much for express check out. . . As mentioned, $50 discount never applied, and other discounts buried in bill so you have to have it explained.  Seems like they're trying to hide something.. . Sent tweet about poor service.  To which I got a prompt response asking that I e-mail with more detail.  I did.  They did not respond.. . My advice - there are a lot of high-end hotels/casinos in Las Vegas.  Choose another one.  I highly recommend Encore.  Completely opposite experience.
Went to the Bellagio buffet. It used to be great, but expensive. Now they've cheapened it down - serving average items prepared in a mediocre manner - and it's still expensive. Run away! Better meals are available all over town at cheaper prices.
Unfortunately, this has to be the first negative review I've written on Yelp.  I stayed there a few weeks ago on a family vacation.  It's a very beautiful hotel, but they didn't change the sheets between my visit and the last person so I have to ding them since it's such a basic expectation.  Especially when it's so expensive to stay there!  . . When I went to bed on my first night there, I had the above-bed light on and when I pulled the coversoff, there was a big black thread on the sheets.  No big deal, but as I went to brush that off of the bed, I then noticed that there were 3 short beard hairs, bits of what looked like earwax, and a few other black specks of unknown origin.  I probably wouldn't have seen those things if I hadn't had the above bed light on.  The housekeeping manager was apologetic and had the sheets changed, but it was still gross enough that I feel I need to warn people.... . Maybe this was an out of the ordinary occurrence, but it made me wonder if other people just haven't noticed the condition of the sheets because they didn't happen to look.
Bad experience in 5 starts Bellagio hotel , they gave me twice wrong rooms type , what's a 5 start hotel's service like this ,the customers service like shit and really really bad , I won't come Bellagio anymore even though here have nice water show , that's cantcover they bad service , don't come here , u might get 0 stars service in 5 starts hotel
No, it's not worth it! Bellagio overcharged me and their accounting department never got back to me (I asked them for an itemized receipt 2 weeks ago). When I called them, I was (twice!) put on this music-less "dead" hold for 30-40 minutes. They're so full of themselves, they don't provide good customer service. Their wi-fi needed fixing when I stayed there. And by the way, the woman at the buffet was super rude to me. Finally, the famous waterworks never happened while I was standing outside in the cold waiting (though i asked the staff and they said they're up and running). No, don't waste your money! I won't and won't let my family and friends do that either.
This used to be one of the BEST hotel/casino resorts in Vegas period!  Now, not so much......the staff is rude and lacking people skills for sure.  If you like to play slots and have a few drinks then bring a flask because at all times of the day you can't find a waitress anywhere.  I know it's "Vegas" but you'd think with the amount of people who flock here you'd try to be more customer friendly.. The room was not up to par for most standards.  If you book a smoking room try to put more then one ashtray in it.  The most disgusting thing is that my girlfriend found a USED CONDOM WRAPPER IN THE NIGHTSTAND DRAWER ON THE BIBLE!!!!. Yes that is not a misprint, a condom wrapper in the drawer!!!  Now I'm not a prude or stupid, I know people are having sex in the rooms in Vegas but it would be nice if the housekeeping staff would try a little harder to clean up the rooms before the next guest checks in.  I was really afraid to look under the bed or in any other drawers and since it was one of the only smoking rooms left we did not ask to be moved but rather just kept all our stuff in the suitcase and away from the furniture.. I am a VIP with the MGM properties and I can assure you that this hotel is off our list of places to stay when we come to town.
okay, i want to start by saying that i was dressed like a champ and had no money. my two friends however, had a couple dozen K  on them and were dressed "okay". we were treated like shit almost everywhere we went in this casino because of that. Michael Mina was an outstanding place though. if you're hungry and love wine, go there!
This is the worst Check in experience!. Ok stay.. In room dining kept messing up on orders. Room clean and updated.
Do not play blackjack with the crook dealers. I go with a friend and buy in for 500. My friend is a first timer and i play a lot. I was betting 50 a hand and she was betting 10. She had a 16 against a 10, i told her to hit and she wanted to stay. She ends up staying and bank makes 21. The dealer had the nerves to say "you know what you just did, everyone lost because of you." Its her money man, don't tell her how to play and what to play. You do what you want with your money. You just deal, its your job.. . Luckily i was running good, i never tipped him a dollar. He was getting angry at my hot streak. When it was time for a shuffle, it was the slowest shuffle i have ever seen in my life. As time approach i get a 21 and he underpays me. I confront him and of course he says he made a mistake. He was looking at his watch for a solid 3 minutes and i asked him if he had anywhere to go. He said he was waiting for a push. . . Make sure you get paid the amount your suppose to. . Do not go to the buffet, the line is about 2 hours. Go to aria, its only 40 a person and they have the best crab legs and prime rib. . Amazing!!
Check in was horrible! Waited forever in what was unorganized . The front desk girl checking us informs us about resort fee which was ok because I knew. I also was to receive a 50.00 resort credit as adeal which she informs me the only way to get it is to pay 582.00 charge then after we check out they will give back to us in 10 to 14 days. I said no thanks! She then said oh that's too bad and then said well let me see if your room is ready. Take in mind its already 8:00 pm vegas time . We waited while they got out room ready and what a disappointment . You take your bags through the casino fighting the crowds get to the room and the only view I have is the top if a old building getting construction . Air conditioning didn't work ! Called downstairs and was told they would have someone check it out. Didn't happen. After two more calls they came still didn't get it fixed. I was so tired all i wanted to do is sleep by this time it's 11:00 Vegas time. Was told tomorrow they would fix and they didn't have anymore rooms unless I wanted to pay even more and upgrade! This is suppose to be a 5 star hotel???? I will never stay again . It's back to Mandalay bay for me for the pool. Poor service here at bellagio
this place is for snobs.  we come to Vegas 3 times a year and the best hotels are not the 4 star snobby ones their the average priced relaxing ones.The refridges are empty so you can actually use them for drinks you like .The workers and people staying there are nice and friendly.you can wear what you want and not feel out of place if your not wearing a suit or 5 inch heels with a hoochie short skirt .I swear you cant tell the paid ones from the visitors anymore.all the walking you do in vegas cmon its all for vanity .No thanks i would never be so fake!
