I have enjoyed this restaurant in the past but I will NEVER step foot there again.   For several weeks now I have been planning a fieldtrip for my class so that they could taste some of their food.   I've been hyping it up all week to my students and I made my reservation long ago.   They asked me to come by a day or two before to give them the final numbers.   When I came in to do that, I spoke to the owner and the chef and they said "we feel bad but we can not accommodate you!"   They said that they had no record of my reservation and that I didn't speak to the right person.   I called their reservation number and they transferred me to the person who actually makes reservations, that is their fault, who else did I have to speak to?   I can't believe that they are so disorganized.   Anyway, so then I asked to see the reservations they had for the day I asked and voila!   There I was my name plus 20 people !   What shocked me next is that they still refused to accommodate us!   It is really outlandish that they would take a reservation for a school and have me and my administration go trough hoops and hurdles to have this fieldtrip approved, fill out paperwork, get 2 substitute teachers, get and submit permission slips to then just cancel it without notice the night before !   To do this to me is one thing but to do it to our children who have been looking forward to this reward for weeks is unspeakable!!!   What kind of horrible example are we giving to our children, that it is okay not to keep your word?!
I used to like Gallo Blanco untill they canceled my reservation, never will I set foot there again.   It was a fiedtrip to reward my honors seniors and juniors.   They cancelled the day before.   It is already hard to plan outings for our students since all paperwork has to be completed 14 days prior.   For the manager, chef and owner to do this is a slap in the face.
I know everyone loves this place. I try and try to like it, something is just not quite right. Today we went in for  cocktails on the patio.   First the umbrella fell on me.  Staff had a very low care factor.  That I expect from this staff.  After waiting 25 minutes we asked about our drinks. And then we waited...and then we walked out. Service is hipster cool, semi non existent. Too cool to wait on you atmosphere.  They were not that busy. other tables that were seated after us had their cocktails and food.  And we waited.  Multiple wait staff walked by us pre order and post order.  No one asked a thing and no one cared.  The care factor is so low and it so obvious the staff could care less about the clients it is sad.  I have noticed this before certain folks are fawned over and others ignored.  Talk about restaurant profiling.   We are not hipsters hence we were ignored, discounted any number of words come to mind. let me repeat NO ONE CARED! Every time I go there I try to understand why folks are enamored. No more trying, no more going.. 5 minutes ago  Like
The first time I ate here I didn't have a memorable experience because the food was not bad but there are so many good taco shops and Mexican food restaurants in central Phoenix that are less expensive. I did, however, decide to book my girlfriend's birthday dinner here because she love's taco's and the ambiance is better than a taco truck. (No offense to Charlie's) Also, the restaurant is located near our final destination for the evening. We showed up 15min early for our reservation but a few people in the party had not arrived. We were told by the hostess that our entire party needed to be there before we could be sat. We decided to order drinks in the bar and sip them near the pool. After we had ordered 3 rounds of drinks the hostess came out to tell us she gave our table away because she couldn't find us. We were all in shock because we had been walking past the hostess stand all night to order drinks. They could not have tried very hard to look for us. We asked to speak to the manager. Instead of being apologetic he came at us with an attitude as if the whole incident were our fault. We told him we couldn't believe the way he was treating us and we would not be back. To that he responded "fine you can leave!" Two minutes later he came back and offered to cover our bar tab and get us another table. At that point half the party was already outside. It was too little too late. Not sure why the manager (who also claimed to be the restaurant owner) would not come to us apologetic from the start. He has a lot to learn about managing a restaurant and treating customers with respect. They should think about investing in pagers since they have trouble locating guests who have all ready checked in for a reservation!
I used to enjoy coming to this place but my experience this past weekend prompted me to sign up for Yelp and write this review.  When I came here a few weeks ago, I figured the horrible service was a fluke but the "too cool to notice you" staff this weekend confirmed the disappointing turn in customer service.. . Here are the "highlights" of the night:. . 1.  Picked up friends from the airport and arrived at Gallo Blanco before 10pm.. 2.  Asked for a table for 5 and were told that the wait would be 15-20 minutes, which was not a problem for us.. 3.  10:20pm:  decided to change the party number to 4 since one friend wasn't able to make it anymore.. 4.  Seated a few minutes later to a dining room and patio at 40% capacity.  Really?!?. 5.  Menus and water brought to the table.. 6.  10:30-10:35pm:  Staff consistently ignored my fiance, who was trying to track down our server since we were ready to order.  During this time, we saw other tables being tended to and waited on.. 7.  Walked out of the restaurant.  The hostess, servers, and other staff failed to notice or say anything as we left.. .  It's understandable if the restaurant was busy but the dining room was practically empty at the time my fiance was trying to get someone's attention.  Maybe it's because we're Asian but I guess the staff felt we didn't deserve the attention they gave to the other cool, hipster people there that night.  I felt awful for bringing my friends here and wasting their precious time on their quick trip to Phoenix.  Thanks Gallo Blanco for wasting an hour of my life.  Your food is not good enough to deserve a repeat visit.
I like Gallo Blanco. Their drinks are good and so it their food. But today, I had a horrid experience that will keep me from coming back. My friend ordered a salad and bit into glass. A lot of glass. Not a trifling amount of glass.  I'd say a few pieces the size of peas. The staff took care of it, and comped our meal. But, I won't go back. While our server was great today, they haven't been fantastic on other times. Glass and so so serve will keep me from going again.
It was my first time getting anything from this place, and considering that I'm Mexican I figured I would be lenient on this place since I knew it was going to be whitewash Mexican food, so I called my order in (Pollo Asado, and 2 tacos) and the guy told me it would be about 20 minutes. I only live like a block away so after 15 minutes I strolled on down there. When I walked in, no one really greeted me or even took notice, so after about 5 minutes someone finally asked me if I had been helped, I told the girl I came to pick up my order. They said it would be right up, but I proceeded to wait another 45 minutes. While I was waiting I got to observe the prep cooks continually texting with their gloves on and then go back to preparing peoples salads, and guacamole, Yuk!  Finally I got my food and rushed home only to realize that I got a mediocre piece of chicken with BBQ sauce on it? WTF I thought this was Mexican food? The tacos were ridiculously tiny, and the meat was cold! I'll never set foot in this place ever again. . You've been warned.
This site makes you give a star- but I would like everyone to know that I am giving ZERO stars.. DO NOT book a reservation at all with Gallo Blanco- they can not handle it....I booked a birthday party for 24 (with two months notice)... and they dropped the ball, BIG TIME!!!. ~Service...slow to non existent and our server was RUDE! . ~Food... sparse and WAY overpriced for a sit down meal.... ~Bar...is it a hassle to order a drink?  It is at Gallo Blanco...we bought bottles of wine . . 1. Our food was over an hour and a half late (reservations at 7:30pm and food was still coming out at 9:45pm!!!....it's tacos folks.....and there was not enough food for everyone!!!. 2. We had NO water, (we were seated outside!!!!!). 3. Impossible to get drinks or water at bar.... . * When reporting problems to the owner, Denise, she sent me an email offering no apologies or acknowledgement that guests were upset...  Rather, she sent me a copy of the order to the kitchen, which just proved that the kitchen and staff were wrong in regards to amount of food to be served!!!!  . The most disgusting part of the whole ordeal was her closing to her email, which said:. "At this point, and will all due respect, we are done."  . . GALLO BLANCO HAS ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . P.S. The Clarendon is not affiliated with Gallo Blanco.....is just houses the restaurant unfortunately.
I won't be coming here anymore. The food doesn't make up for the incompetent/rude service. I called about a week and a half ago to make a reservation for 10 people on their patio. The girl who answered the phone took down my information but said that because she wasn't the night hostess, she would leave my information for the hostess who was coming in later and the hostess would call me back to confirm. I never got a call back so I figured my reservation wasn't made/was lost/whatever. I never tried to call in again because I got busy.. . Well, it ends up they HAD made the reservation for me because I got a message yesterday night regarding setting up the tables. When I called them back to explain the confusion and that I wouldn't be coming in that night bc I had never received a confirmtion, Caitlyn was very curt and said "ok awesome" and hung up on me as Iwas mid-sentence asking if I could make a reservation for the following week.. . How rude to act that way towards me when the confusion was due to your own incompetence and lack of employee-to-employee communication!  I was planning to bring in a group of 10 because I liked this place and wanted to share it with friends, but not anymore.
By far the rudest waitress I have ever had in my life!  Up until today I was a fan of Gallo Blanco.  I was excited to order the steak and eggs and when the obnoxiously rude waitress asked how I would like my eggs prepared I ordered them basted.  She looked me in the eye and said "NO"!   I couldn't believe how quickly and rudely she responded.  I said what??  She said "NO!"  I said why??  She said we don't have the stuff to make it that way.  So I said okay I guess I will take them over easy.  Im guessing that she didn't know what basted means.  Instead of saying Im sorry, we aren't able to make them that way she just said NO!  I asked to speak with the manager and he said it was no problem to make the eggs basted.  At that point I could care less about the eggs, I was appalled at the service.  There are too many great restaurants in that area to overlook the rude service.  I won't be back.  :(
I used to be a regular here at Gallo Blanco, although I have to say this place has gotten a little brazen! We took our sister in law for her birthday and arranged for a table of six, we also asked the hostess if the outside tables were first come first serve. She stated to us it was first come first serve. We purchased a margarita at the bar and asked for an extra shot of Tequilla in which the bartender charged me $6.00 plus the $5.00 for the Margarita then did a no sale and just collected the cash. We then proceeded to sit outside and have our cocktail, the hostess immediately came outside and told us in a very rude manner " you can't sit there" I know you have reservations , but all these tables on the outside are reserved" the hostess left , we were miffed, we asked another waitress if the tables were first come first serve and she said yes! We decided to take our dinner party to Hillstone, where people treat you with dignity, I guess Gallo Blanco  has such great crowd that they feel they don't have to have any decorum! Sad for you guys, it's not worth it anymore!
I have eaten at GB many times over the past 5 years.  The food and service is actually very good.  I was given a gift certificate to eat there from my niece.  I have been there several times over the past two years.  I remembered that I had this certificate and called them to inquire about it.  They informed me that they had a 1 year limitation on the certificate and would not honor it after that.  I know that I should have used it prior to that.  But I don't carry it with me like cash.  It was only 40 dollars, but they should have honored it (in my opinion).  Shame on you GB.  I have been a loyal customer and have sent many of my friends to eat there.  Let me also say that it does not say anywhere on the certificate, that it expires in a year.  I won't be back.  Your won't miss me, because you are always busy.  But you must know that this response in regards to a mere 40 dollar gift cert. is petty.
Carne asada tacos were nasty. I had to spit out chunks of fat numerous times.  Also, waitress was awful.   Overcharged our table, rolled eyes at our table, and manager acted like he cared, but seemed in on the crappy waitresses bs.  My friends and I will not return to this restaurant again due to overcharging us for crappy food and drinks, as well as the way they treated us.
