We were in Vegas April 2013 and did a random Yelp search for some BBQ.  This place had high marks and they weren't too far off the strip.  I even feel badly about the low rating that I am leaving, because so many others were so good.  But this is our truth.... . We walked into the place and the smell of smoke was potent and we were really eager to try a little of everything.  We ordered a sampler and because we "checked in" there we got a free dessert.  The meal was a HUGE disappointment!  What a shame.  We have strong roots in the south and this did not do it any justice.  . . The chicken was flavorless.  The ribs had smokey flavor, but was borderline jerky!  The pulled pork was sub-par.  The sides were also a disaster.  The beans were hard and way too spicy, just underdeveloped flavor.  The mac and cheese was a mushy blob of fake-tasting cheese, just not good!  The bread they served was hard and cold.  I would have paid them extra NOT to bring the so called dessert to the table.  That was the poorest excuse for peach cobbler.  Marie Calender's from the local grocery store would have been way better.  The banana pudding was baby food grade, and gritty, just not right!  . . Maybe we went at the wrong time of day (dinner time on a Tuesday night)?  Perhaps it would have been better at lunch time or on a Friday/Saturday night?  Maybe, if we're desperate, we might try again on a more popular night?  . . I think the guys are trying hard, because the service was pretty good and hospitable (hence the 1 star).  For us, the service was the only bright spot.  We left a lot of the food picked over and with our pockets $30 lighter.  The waiter came over to the table with a big smile and said "Ain't it good?"  We just didn't have the heart to break it down for him.  It is terrible when you pay for food and it doesn't meet your expectations and you leave hungry...what a waste of time and money :-(
Decided to go back and give it another try. The food was good the first couple times I was there. I walked in about the same time this other fellow did and we stood there waiting for somebody to take our order. This young man came out brought some food for a table so I know he saw us, place is not that big. He went into the back and never came back out. We stood there for awhile and I left. Never and that's a log time will I return.
Not impressed!  I was looking forward to BBQ at its best but maybe I shouldn't have ordered take out!  . . First of all, out of brisket...7 pm on a Tuesday night...REALLY?!  It is a tiny place and you could've lobbed a grenade and not hit anyone!. . The fried onion rings were soggy, the spare ribs and baby-back ribs were the fattyest I've ever had, not to mention dry and chewy!  Mac n cheese was like KFCs and berry cobbler was unremarkable.. . I'll chalk this experience to maybe an off night and give it one more shot.  The sauce was excellent...with just enough heat.
I wanted to like this place, I really did. We ordered one of the combo things for $35 and it was a lot of food! I was stoked to try it but when I found a pubic hair in our Mac and cheese I just couldn't. I didn't have the heart to say anything but it really ruined it. So gross.
I give this place a 0 on a scale of 1-10; 10 being the highest. Worst customer service. This place argued with me and wasn't welcoming at all. Although, the food might have been good enough for its pricing, I surely did not have a good expeirence.
