Terrible Takeout! Do not go!. I called in my order, simple two omelet, with some fruit and tomatoes on the side. Nothing crazy. So I got thought the extended diatribe on the phone clarifying and identify I understand the extra charges for a side of tomatoes, the cashier says 10 minutes.. I get to the restaurant about 6 minutes later only to sit and wait another 20 or so, the price of which had never been disclosed to me. $11 per 4-egg omelet. I was a little shocked, but then my order was also wrong, they missed my extras and wanted to charge me even more for simple stuff like an ounce of tomatoes. I'm trying to grin and bare it, when the cashier dashes off without a word to get her manager, because she doesn't actually know the cost of said side of tomatoes. The manager comes out with a half -ass-ed apology and an offer to "take care of me" the NEXT time I choose to suffer through this establishment's shotty service.. So now that I've arrived at my office a whole 3 minute drive away, My fruit cup was leaking all over the bag of food. Each meal was luke warm, the ranch potatoes nearly broke a tong of my plastic fork, which we received one less than requested. My crazy chicken  omelet, which is described as "Loaded with julienned chicken breast, fresh mushrooms and guacamole. Topped with muenster cheese and sour cream." on the website, had flavorless dark meat chicken, and mushy old guacamole that was terrible.. Don't trouble yourself with this establishment, food should be a delight, not a stressful experience.
My wife and I came in on Sunday, 11/11/12, at 10:00 a.m. This was our first time here. There was a wait, but considering all of the Zagat listings on the wall, we didn't mind. When we were seated, the server was prompt and attentive. From there it was all down hill.. . It too 30-40 minutes to get our food. Really? For egg dishes? Our food was cold. I had asked for my eggs basted medium. They came fried, sunny side up. The salsa that came with my wife's huevos rancheros was bland. That was better than my tasteless food. The cream cheese for my bagel was in a small metallic packet. It was so cold I could barely get it out.. . Neither of us finished our food. I don't know how anyone could want to. I was still tasting my greasy "cordon bleu skillet" breakfast hours later.. . Maybe I was just unfortunate, but bland, cold food and an unreasonable length of time to have the food delivered to the table means this is the 2nd time we will go there: first and last.
Was a Fan of this place until recently. Stopped in real quick to pick up one of their delicious "homemade" blueberry muffins. Was quite disappointed when I was handed a Sara lee muffin still in the wrapper and sent on my way. They charged me $2.50 for this muffin I could have gotten at any gas station for 50 cents. Extremely underwhelmed today.
A couple of weeks ago, I made my way back to our semi annual trade show. I got the little free booklet you get from taking shuttle from airport. I flipped through and saw this place called Egg & I and their other location Egg Works. It looked interesting and the reviews sounded good plus had coupon for one meal free with purchase of another meal. Cool..I will take my co-workers there. Big mistake! They know best known for banana nut muffin served warm with butter but it had this weird taste as if they used artificial sweetener or perhaps the blend wasn't right because it tasted like metal or whatever it just tasted awful. It was nice to give all 6 of us free banana nut muffin but my guys wouldn't touch it!. .  I ordered classic eggs Benedict, my fav breakfast choice. I was excited plus the potatoes versus hash browns. The potatoes had too much of that lawry seasoning...ugh. Then worse, my hollandaise sauce was the worst thing I have ever had! They didn't properly make the sauce and then to make it worse, the whole dish was slathered in it! I literally used a spoon to scoop out the sauce just so I could eat everything else which wasn't much better but I needed to eat. Would never come back even if I was paid to do so plus I read other reviews where this place was actually busy and needed to go early, well we were there Saturday morning around 8am and it was not busy at all!
Hard to ruin breakfast, but they managed. Dry burnt eggs and tasteless food. May have been convenient but would not recommend it.
Horrible experience. Bacon...cold and old.  Pancakes dense and hard.  Potatoes deep fried and extremely salty. Please go somewhere else. Their food is NOT good.
