gross gross gross,. my friend and i ordered the asian chicken salad, andit was gross, so gross that i considered taking it back and have them refund my money. that gross.. the best part of this meal was the water I got, due to dehydration from drinking,
It's the most boring sandwich I've ever had. I guess if you think Subway's and Quizno's is good, then this might be on par with them, but this place isn't even in the same league as the like of Specialties Cafe & Bakery. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich today. If you were to have 100 Jamaicans taste this sandwich and ask them what flavor it is, I'm sure 99 out of 100 times, the answer wouldn't be Jerk Chicken. The sandwich had some run of the mill pre-packed, pre-cooked, sandwich-chain chicken breast with runny mayo sauce that can be quickly squirted from a squeeze bottle. It probably has a tiny bit of Tabasco in it to wake it up. Bread was nothing special. Don't believe the hype.
LET'S KEEP THIS SIMPLE: I don't like to give people the eyesore of their epic experiences, word for word and about how we sat down and the waitress rolled her eyes and what not.. . SERVICE: sucked BALLS. Immature workers goof around and flirt with each other. Take forever to make anything.. . FOOD: Def, not the best. To me, SF has wayyy better sandwiches. Didn't like the bread. & the meat was just ok.. . SANITATION: (most important to me) clean I guess. . WHAT I GOT: pastrami sandwich.. . SO WHATS THE BIG DEAL??. not sure!! I came around 3am. My sandwich was cold. bread was soggy. Someone please enlighten me!! girl took 15 mins just to make lemonade??!?! Maybe I came at a bad time...? wish I had a better experience, everyone seems to love it!. . OTHER NOTES:. -24 hours!. -no hot chocolate!! =[[[[ I was really craving it.. -Maybe everyone's buzz/drunk/hungover. making it taste better. LOL
This sandwich rocked face!!!! Full Montague, Cannonball and the Hawaiian all hit the spot!! It's safe to say I was hungry, and drunk!!! I'm a fan!! So why the 1 star???? Well besides not wanting to be a conformist and give this place 5 stars like you other thousand + yelpers I was let down big time..It was really disappointing to find out how restrictive Earl of Sandwich is with their franchising. The only reason I bring this issue up is because of a huge sign they have in their dining area talking about how great their franchising opportunities are. Upon investigation they have less than 20 locations worldwide and that's including the 3 that are "coming soon". I figured these low numbers were due to this being a new franchise. NOPE. From reading their franchise application I was left with the feeling that I would have better luck applying for a senior executive position at Google. Also I live in California which seems to be on their black list of states they will not enter into. Its a shame because there are some Cali hot spots Earl of Sandwich would thrive in, no question. O well...Great Food...you will not be disappointed.
WTF i came here because i was staying in PH and read these bombass yelp reviews. ate here once hungover, once wastey (does "sober" even exist in vegas?) i had the earl's club and the italian and they were DISGUSTING. tasted like warm old lunch meat with weird sauce. only plus was that it's open 24 hours and the line moves surprisingly fast. but i feel sick even writing this review. STAY AWAY.
We went to this place based on reviews that it had the best sandwiches. Well, I don't know what kinds of sandwiches these people have had in the past, but they must have been pretty bad. My turkey club was good, but my husband's roast beef sandwich was AWFUL! As he ate it, he kept saying that it really wasn't that good. Finally he asked me to take a bite to see if I thought the same thing. I took a bite and could not swallow it. Had to spit it out into my napkin. It had no flavor and it tasted like shaved dog! (And I say that because it resembled the shaved lamb that is used in gyros, but without the flavor). It was pathetic. I couldn't believe my husband ate it. If I had that sandwich I would have taken it back afterthe first bite and gotten a different kind of sandwich. So please save your money and go somewhere else.
Gross sandwich
Any puking done in Vegas should be because of partying too hard; not because of bad food. Tasted great but got food poisoning!! We didn't drink at all tonight, and I have literally been up all night because my upset stomach. Our (bf's and mine) first night of Vegas (we're only here for two!!) was ruined because of the tuna melt sandwich we shared. PROCEED WITH CAUTION. I know this place has rave reviews, but is it really worth the risk? We missed out on an entire Friday night of partying thanks to this place and will most likely not be at 100% for tonight's festivities. My verdict: NOT worth the risk.
The prices are typical Strip inflated. $3 for a bottle of water. The sandwich cost more than twice the cost at Subway, an the flavor was almost 10% of the flavor/quality of the typical Subway sandwich. I won't consider returning
After reading all the great reviews about this place, my friends and I decided to go here. I have to admit, I'm rather disappointed. There was a long line for this place so that's always a good sign that there is something good about it. I was wrong.. . Ordered The Earl's Club, Full Montegu, and Thai wrap.. . The crust of the bread on both sandwiches were way too hard. It got to the point where I wanted to just dunk it in water to soften it up. It also felt like they skimped on the meat and veggies. The sandwiches were just not satisfying at all.. . There was barely any chicken in the Thai wrap. Like two pieces? Felt like I was just eating a veggie wrap. . . Maybe it was just a bad order or just an off day...but seriously, I'd rather go to Subway and get a 5$ foot long.
SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN ALL THE 5 STAR RATINGS!. . After we paid, my friends and I sat down at a dirty table (there were no clean ones anywhere). One friend got the Buffalo Chicken wrap; it wasn't stellar. Another friend got one of the ham sandwiches and threw half away. They did enjoy the mac and cheese though, but it could have easily just been repackaged Stouffer's.. . They didn't make my wrap until I walked back up and asked why people who haven't paid yet are getting called before me. Apparently if you're order gets looked over, there's no way of knowing that it wasn't made until you go up and say something. The manager who was there could not have been less concerned. I got the spicy tuna wrap, which wasn't spicy. The tuna was flavorless, but at least the veggies were fresh. . . Nothing to write home about. Just a bad experience overall.
I had the Tuna which tasted good, Unfortunatly I got food poisioning and now I will never go there again.
I asked what vegetarian options they had, because the extensive meat based menu was rather long. I was told they had a veggie sandwichthat wasn't on the menu. When I asked what was in the veggie sandwich, I got told it had vegetables in it. Really? I would have never guessed that! Work on clearly setting out your menu or not hiring airheads.
Heard good things about this place so we stopped by while shopping. Huge mistake. My friend got food poisoning from the turkey sandwich. I had a chicken sandwich that was basically bread and sauce. Not good at all. Even the Mac n cheese was bad. . Never again.
Sandwiches are always good, but OMG, a little line and it seemed like everyones order was wrong. Waited over 30 minutes for a sandwich - total shizit storm. Just beware... Multiple people asking where their meals were - a badly run joint. And I'm usually very patient.... Almost just gave up.
So disappointed... Every yelp search for 24 hour food totally sent me towards the Earl, and when I needed them the absolute most (right now)... They are currently closed. :( sadness doesn't even describe what my tummy feels like. My wife is so pissed that she actually told me to write this or sleep on the floor. She is the best thing to ever happen to me. The Earl gets 1 damn star because the lady told me very frankly that they can close at any time and do not have to stay open for any reason. Alas, we are starving and relegated to room service at $20/person for sub par food.
