This used to be my favorite casino until now.  They used to reward their players (Grazie Club) with generous comps/offers.  The marketing department has decided that ,since they are doing so well with trade shows and conferences, they no longer need to care about their patrons anymore.  Out goes the offers or comps.  . . All of their Grazie Club players (Gold and Platinum) are complaining on their Facebook fan page.  No one has received any offers for this year.  Numerous phone calls to them have gotten the same lame canned excuses/answers.  Shame on you Palazzo/Venetian.  You advertise and  encourage people to join the Grazie club and play to become Gold and Platinum for special offers and comps.  It's all lies.  . . Take your business elsewhere like Wynn or MGM.  They are still rewarding their players.  Bye bye Palazzo/Venetian.
Let me start off by saying I waited a few weeks to write this review so I would be able to do it honestly and not out of pent up frustration and anger. I believe the best way to review the Venetian is to describe my experience.... here we go.. . I was in town for the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and my trip definitely started out with a bang, as my driver was pulling into the Venetian she was directed to go into a particular lane, so she did, and within seconds some other valet was yelling at her, literally yelling through the window on how stupid she was to do such a thing, this was the land for Venetian cars only, not normal limos... hmmm sure says welcome to the Venetian if you ask me.. . No line at check-in (one of the few pluses), but as I was checking in the attendant mentioned I had one king bed in my room, I responded by telling him I had two queen beds confirmed the day before, he said impossible (pretty much called me a liar), I said OK, can you check to see if any are available and he pretended to look at his computer screen for 5 seconds and promptly said NO, but for $40 more a night we can make that happen for you. I do the bogus upgrade for something I was already guaranteed and angrily make my way to my room, once I unpack I call the front desk and complain, they did remove the charges and apologize, so I still had some hope for this place. Next, I jump in the shower, get out and step on some broken glass, after hopping around the bathroom to grab a towel for my cut foot I notice there is broken glass everywhere! I call and complain again, and as I am doing so I find some more broken glass in the main room... the Venetian promises to thoroughly clean the entire room from top to bottom and at no point shows any concern of real care for my inconvenience. I returned from a meeting several hours later and just take a guess what happened, I stepped on another piece of glass (thankfully I left my shoes on)! I call again and let them know this is ridiculous and the snotty desk attendant literally asked me, "Well, what do you want me to do about it" in the most cocky voice imaginable. After some arguing they upgrade me to a different room which had some lovely cigarette ashes in the bathroom! I didn't even bother to call because I knew the management could care less and weren't going to do anything. Quite the first night in what is supposed to be a luxury hotel. After this point, I equated this place with a motel and didn't pay attention to another detail because it would have just upset me. I will mention that four days later those cigarette ashes were still on the counter in the bathroom.. . I hate this place and I will never, ever, go back... the free shuttle to the convention center is nice, but unless they start handing out gold bars on it, it isn't enough to get me back here. The only positive is Cut Steakhouse (which is technically in the Palazzo). Do yourself a favor and right before you go to the Venetians website to book a room, give the Wynn's a look, you won't be disappointed.
I stayed at the Venetian in the past and always had an awesome experience.  However, this recent experience completely was totally unlike all others.  I have stayed at more than a couple of hotels in Vegas, and this was truly the worse stay...ever. . . Day 1: room #1,  felt the springs in the mattress. Was told room would be changed in the morning. Fine.. . Day 2: room not changed but was changed promptly when we asked.  We walked into our new room (#2) and has not even been cleaned! When we called the front desk, we were placed on hold except they never came back on the line.  We called them again and they told us they would send housekeeping.  Why would i want to stay in a room when I've seen how dirty it was!  We had to physically go back to the front desk, tell them again what happened and have our room switched out, yet again.  . Day 3: We come back to our room (#3), and SURPRISE! our key doesn't work.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt, switched out our keys at the front desk and it still didn't work! At 2am, this is seriously really irritating.  We had to stand outside our room waiting for security to open up our room.  Even more irritating was the fact that the front desk kept calling our room.  The room we couldn't get into!. . Finally, we decided to call to let the hotel know how dissatisfied we were with our stay.  We weren't expecting to get anything out of this except to voice our distaste.  However, the result of that conversation was the hotel offering us "complimentary late check out" when we already told them we will be checking out at 7am the next morning. My friends and I come to Vegas more than a couple of times a year.  In the past, we have stayed at the Venetian as invited guests and had a wonderful experience.  Since this trip was a business trip this time, we booked our rooms like any regular guest and received this kind of crap service.  For a hotel that claims to be "the world's largest five diamond resort and casino and sets the standard for four-star Las Vegas hotel accommodations" they completely missed the mark.  Sad to say, the Venetian will not be a hotel that I will consider staying at again.  For the price we paid, there's just way too many other hotels on the strip that exceed my expectations for a stress free stay and exceptional service.
Don't be fooled by the glitz. The Venetian had a very nice room, but the service at the restaurants was slow. it was also very difficult to get the wait staff's attention when you needed something. They were a bit rude as well. . . My wife could not get anyone to help her and my 5 year old with their luggage when they checked in (I was at CES and was not there to help them unfortunately). They had to drag all their luggage through the casino and up to the room. . . What was worse was the management team. When I checked in, I was required to wait in the hotel for 2 hours until my room was ready at 4:00. And then, when I asked for 1 of those hours back for a 1 hour later checkout, they kept telling me "no" Even when I threatened to never return or bring my business to the hotel (we had a group of 6 rooms), they became rude and did not service the request. When I checked out, I asked what was going on that so many people were coming into the city on a Sunday night after CES and the AVN was over. They had no answer, so I bet them $1000 that they did not have data to prove more people were coming in than leaving. The desk manager produced some data, but when I questioned it, he pulled the paper away and said I was misinterpreting the data and that he could not let me have it. I was willing to pay the man $1000 if he could prove it, but he became rude and pulled the paper from my hands. . . Net- there are many places you can stay in Vegas. Many new properties and old classics like Ceasars. Try one of them and stay away from the Venetian. They are great when you are ready to check-in, but fall way short afterwards.
To whom it may concern,. . . I have recently stayed at the Venetian for my 21st birthday. Their customer service was terrible. First, I arrived into my suite and did not realize that there was a sign on the fridge that mentions that we get charged if the beverages were removed. I removed it without knowing and put my own beverages into the fridge. Then I realized that I would have gotten charged I immediately called the front desk and they offered to send someone in to check the fridge to make sure that nothing was opened and to waive the fee if nothing was opened. The following day  I was still concerned on if anyone has shown up to see the refreshments and I called the front desk again to ask for someone to come up to check.  Also, there were many things broken in the room and a repair man came to help fix them so we could avoid and charges happening after our stay. My boyfriend was inside the hotel room all day and did not see anyone come to check our refreshments. We made another call and a person at front desk said that they will just waive the fee for us. We were not informed anything about refreshment "restocking" fee.  On Sunday morning we called for more blankets and pillows at 5:48am and still did not get them until I finally tired of waiting for them until 6:45am outside my room. I went down to the front desk and tried to get them myself and finally around 7am pillows and blankets were sent to our room. Finally, Sunday afternoon someone has come up to our hotel room to check the refreshments. This was a very misleading situation because we were informed that our refreshment fees got waived. We were really confused because we have been informed that it has been taken care of. I have talked to many front desks employees and managers that were informing us that the refreshment fees would be taken care off. I am really upset with the customer service that I have dealt with this past weekend. I left to come back home still feeling unsure about the refreshment situation and my bill. I called today to try to find out how much I was billed and the front desk did not want to help me and said that they would just email me my receipt and tried getting me off the phone not answering my question. Then I have called the Venetian again and spoke to a male front desk person and explaining him the situation about the refreshments and informing him that there were the repair man and the front desk person reassuring us that we would get our refreshments fees waived. He was very understanding about our situation, but wanted to run through the manager. At first the manager stated that I was informed many times about the $50 restocking refreshment fee, but that is totally false. They argued that they have it on their notes that I was informed. Then they tried to say that I stated that I had the drinks in the bathroom. I have meant that the drinks were my own beverages in the bathroom. I am very upset with the way Laurie/Lauren the manager that refused to waive the charged and hung up on me when I asked I wanted the person's name that made the note that was informed because I wanted to get them fired. What kind of service is this? I had to call back and ask for her again and tried to get compensation, but she insisted that she was not going to waive the fee and that was that. I am very upset with the Venetian and the way they handles their customers with their policy and their miscommunications. I want to request if there are any taped recordings of my phone calls with the front desk because the manager I had spoken with had claimed that I was notified on every conversation concerning this matter and claimed that I had made statements that allegedly admitted "facts" that I had never said and the contradictory reasoning that was used to deny our claim.  This experience has been a complete disappointment to me and my guests.  I have never been this upset to make a formal complaint, but based on this experience, I will be making sure that neither myself nor anyone that I know will ever be staying at this disgraceful hotel again.
I visit Vegas about three to four times a year.  I usually stay at MGM properties and now I know why.  The Venetian is horrible; this is a list of the reasons why this hotel is awful:. . 1. When I arrived I found a beer bottle cap on the couch, yuck is that how they cleaned the rest of the room?. . 2. Not enough towels, only  three small "bath" towels for the suite. . 3. No headphone cord to plug my MP3 player into the radio or TV.  When I called to request one they said the IT department was closed for the night.  Every other hotel I've stayed at provides those cords automatically in every room.. . 4. Staff at Morels restaurant (in the Palazzo) are rude, even the manager.  The manager refused to provide us with a 20% off discount because I forgot the coupon in my room.  So, I had to walk to my room in the Venetian and go back to the Pallazo (10 mins walk each way).  Rude!  When I came back he said he took the 20% off anyways, that he just misunderstood me...whatever I speak clear English and everyone else at our table of 6 understood.. . 5. Staff at clubTao were also rude.  The concierge desk confirmed that we would be on the list for free entrance but the "bouncers" would not even check for our names.. . 6. When I spoke to a "Jacob" (he said he was themanager) at the front desk he said there was nothing he or the Venetian could do about the restaurant or the club because they were separate from the hotel.. . In summary, stay somewhere else.  The Wynn and Aria have much better customer service.  Don't waste your money and don't let the Venetian ruin your fun in Vegas.  Stay elsewhere.
The rooms are nice, but that's the only positive thing I have to say about this hotel.. . The front desk agent messed up the room they put us in. We paid for an upgrade on the spot and they didn't give us the upgrade. When we asked them to change our room they took FOREVER to send us a key (they quoted 20 minutes, and it took about 45-50). We had to call three times to ask what was up. Then when we got to our upgrade it still wasn't a view of the strip unless you literally stood next to the window. . . They nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING and they don't even have a coffee maker, a bag for laundry, or any of the things that even Motel 6 gives you. There was no price sheet anywhere for the minibar. I might have used some of it had I known the cost.. . When we tried to talk to a manager on the phone they didn't let us, so we decided to go down and talk to one ourselves. They compensated us by giving us a free late checkout..that's just insulting. AND the cherry on top was that they "accidentally" overcharged us!!! So now I'm in the process of getting $138 refunded to me. Absolutely miserable.
Thisplace is a rip off!  The front desk told us the Suite was lowered to a Special Rate of $250, a bit more than the room we had booked in advance, but much bigger.  When I get the credit card bill, there is a charge for over $400 for the room.  . . I contacted the Hotel and they informed me that the $250 was an "upgrade" fee on top of what we had paid for the original room.  When I explained to the Manager what the person at the front desk had told us, his response was...well that was verbal and it cannot be verified.  They were not willing to reduce the rate to $250.. . The room was ok, but def not worth $400+, especially not with the horrible stinch of cigarettes in the room!. . We would never stay in this Hotel again and don't recommend it to anyone.
I went on vacation expecting a wonderful time and not to mention staying a what i thought was one of the best hotels in Vegas but to my surprise i was anything but, We arrived on March 4 Friday and checked into our hotel I was myself and my partner and his friend. we had a pull out coach so when we walked in that was one of the first things we did was pull the coach out to make sure their were clean sheets on the bed, to my surprise there was blood all over the sheets(unacceptable  any where) so my partner called the front desk and very nicely told the front desk. . They replied that they could only move us to another room. Now i travel a lot and when ever there is a slight issue the front desk always does something to make up for the mistake. and In this case we revived nothing. there was no manager to speak with  at this time. In my experience there is always a manger on site. At this point we should have left however we had friends coming from out of town and It made it easy that we were all in the same hotel.. 2nd. My partner and I were going to stay for another night but his friend was checking out that day  so I called the front desk to ask if it was ok to stay in the same room rather then checking out and moving all our belongings  and then checking back in. She replied yes of coarse just come down stairs and fill out the paper work, As our other friend was checking out I went to sign the paperwork. She then told me (ok now your checked in I need you to get your bags and then at 2:00 you can check back in) Now had I know this I would have brought my bags down in the first place. I asked her "cant you call the maids and ask them to just skip that room" she replied no sorry we can't do that. what a waist of 1 hour. .  From the way we were treated I would not ever come back here
Not sure when they started charging the FULL amount of stay as soon as you book and implemented this policy:. . Reservations must be cancelled 151 days prior to arrival in order to receive a full refund. Cancellations received within 151 days will result in 100.00% forfeiture of your deposit.. . But any casino/hotel that does this will get a 1 star from me.
I cannot believe this place... I stayed here with some friends this past Memorial Day Weekend. I was super excited when I booked a Bella Suite a couple months back for the trip but let me just say on the drive back to San Diego I wish I had never done so... regretted it beyond belief!. . Check-in was a breeze after staff directed me upstairs to a less busy lobby. They gave me some coupons but the only one I used was the "Admit 4" to LAVO @ The Palazzo. . . The room was beautiful. We actually fit 19 people in that suite... pretty amazing but you can bet it was uncomfortable. This wasn't the source of my distress, however. . . On my way back to San Diego I checked my bank statement only to realize they had charged me $250 EXTRA. Why??? Did they tell me why?  I had to stay on hold with customer service for more than an hour. They made up some report about how the room was so damaged that they had to hire special cleaners that had to work for hours. They said that they couldn't give the room to customers and that they were fully booked that weekend. STOP YOUR NONSENSE VENETIAN!. . Don't try to play me and my wallet. I am not amused! You were not worth the inconvenience. Of the the four different employees I spoke to at Customer Service only one was accommodating, the others were outright rude and accusatory.
If I Could give this hotel no stars I would. Its a beautiful hotel but I Will NEVER ever in my life stay here again. I went in May for my friends wedding with the expectations of having a wonderful weekend and for my friend to have an amazing wedding. We checked in on thursday and everything was good. They then informed us on friday that we needed to change rooms for some unknown reason stating they needed to fix something in the room which was just the first of the many inconviences to come. We went to our new room we had hung my friends wedding dress in the closet (at this time the bride was not in the room and was in the lobby waiting for her fiance). After about a minute all of sudden the water alarm went off in our room and flooded our room in a matter of minutes so flooded we couldnt even see the floor we grabbed my friends wedding dress immediately when we ran out of the room but it was too late the entitre dress was soaked and black stains were all over it from the dirty water (and fire extingushing chemicals). As you can imagine we were totally in shock and my friends $2000 dollar wedding dress just got destroyed the day before her wedding. You would think the hotel would be the least bit accomadating or apologetic....hahaah ya right the security showed up to the room and was turning the alarm off i asked them a question and the 4 people completely ignored me....i then went to the lobby soaking wet and barefoot with the wedding dress in hand and asked the front lobby what they were going to do about this situation...they didnt even aplogize and proceeded to just move us to another room. they then 2 HOURS later had someone come get the dress and attempt to dryclean it....they couldnt fix it. They told us they would do an "investigation" of who was at fault over this and it would take three 3 days. Well how come the next day my friend had over 40 charges on her credit card that added up to $13,000.....they said it was our fault that we broke the water alarm.....its so unbelieveable to me how a nice hotel like this handled the situation...needless to say we will be hiring a lawyer if necessary and will be writing a letter to the owner of the hotel. PLEASE no one stay at this horrible horrible hotel they know nothing about customer service at all.
Gorgeous venue. Terrible comp policy. Why would you cut out all comps for low and mid-tier (dropping avg 10,000 per visit) players? Not so bright. This is why half their gaming revenue is lost.. . Boycott.
I stayed at the Venetian June 30- July 4. . On Friday July 1- when my husband and I were at the Pool- my platinum emerald engagement ring was stolen from our room. Since it is an emerald- it cannot get soap or chlorine on it - so I always remove it and tuck it away in the same place. It was physically dug up out of luggage by housekeeping we were told- as we were the only other ones who entered our room besides them. The security guard told us this happens all the time and it was definetly the housekeeper. We filed a report with security immediately and are contacting their RISK management (As the venetian won't deal with this themselves). First off- I did not leave cash out, I did not leave my ring out in the open either. I was responsible with putting it where I always put it - tucked away - it was like finding a needle in a haystack. There was no safe located in our closet- as I checked - so hiding it was my only option. But even if I did leave it out in the open- it's absolutely unacceptable for it to have been taken in the first place. I pay to stay at the Venetian to feel safe. I can easily stay at an equally expensive hotel to get better customer attention, or save half the money and still be treated well. We live in Boston and fly to Vegas 5-6 times a year - so we are frequent visitors. After this weekend- I view the Venetian resort as a bunch of heartless monsters. This wasn't just jewelry. This was my engagement ring. This ring has memories that you can never replace. And not one employee cared - or at least acted like they cared. . . We went down to talk to a manager after we put up a "Do not disturb" sign because we didn't want housekeeping anywhere near us. And at 3:30pm we walked in to find a maid in our room. When we told the manager everything that happened and that we were fed up she just stared at us. Then she told me that when she travels she puts a lock on her luggage and that you shouldn't trust anyone. Thanks for the advice after my precious engagement ring is gone- thanks for being so thoughtful. She then said she can't do anything to make anything up to us except offer a late check out. I am tired of the rude, insensitive employees at the Venetian. Because they cannot screen their maids and hire thieves - I lose the most valuable thing I own. And all your manager can do is say "I do not know about the incident, that's for Risk management- not me". Are you serious?!. . Save yourself- and stay at the new hotel the Cosmopolitan. It looks amazing and is brand new. The clubs there are also just as good and the pools are amazing. Beware if you stay at the venetian as they admit their housekeepers steal. DON'T LEAVE ANYTHING behind. You might as well drag your luggage down to the pool with you.. . I thought the price tag of the room was a reflection of the service you received - WRONG. . . Room Tip: Stay at Cosmo down the strip...
I am so blown away by this sophisticated & beautiful hotel. One of the best in Las Vegas. The decor is breathe taking, and this place always smell like a magical garden. With so many top notch restaurants, spa services, shows, and clubs to choose from. It's vegas luxury! The last time I stayed here, July 2011, it was such a BIG disappointment. There was a total of 8 of us. One of the bed broke and fell flat to the floor (no, there were no foul play)! 6 out 8 of us left with some kind of bug bite that looks like a terrible case of eczema/rash! The mechanic curtain didn't work. The main T.V. didn't work. Actually, disappointed is an understatement, WE WERE DISGUSTED! How can this 5star resort & hotel failed us so miserably!!!!!? . . (please view pictures of rash)
I will never stay here again.  No signage to direct you from the parking garage to the registration desk.  We, along it other guests, wondered around dragging luggage for about 20 minutes. We finally found someone to direct us.  We arrived at the registration desk to a very long line of people waiting to check in.  Finally got our room key card.  Of course had to wind our way through the casino to the bank of elevators to get to our room.  When we got to our room, the door was ajar and someone else was in the room.  They had been waiting to get moved to another room.  The front desk moved us too--to a room on another wing. Dragged those suitcases some more.  And, all they offered for the inconvenience was to remove the $17 resort fee.  Stay at the Wynn-- we had a much better experience there.
Wow where to begin? . . First the rooms arent sound proof, expect to hear screaming children at 4am in adjacent suites, generator noise from outside your windows, noise from clubs, guests above you walking.  . . Second the staff arent very accommodating for room changes or addressing the noise issue.  Most hotels will do room change regardless of time of day.  I was told to wait till morning and the staff seemed okay with the family next door's children run up and down the hallway and scream.  . . Third, most places treat Amex holders well, this place treats you like a nuisance.  Amex Plat holders using FHR are supposed to get free upgrades, but when you arrive for check in, they ask if you want to pay for an upgrade avoiding any mention of the amex upgrade, but get a bit unsettled when you mention the amex upgrade.  The free breakfast for amex customers is a costco pastry and coffee that must only be done through room service.  The comp dinner or lunch is restricted to one restauran(bistro pinot)t, and its limited to a set meal for amex holders with limited selection.  Would have taken even a 20 dollar credit that could be used at say Bouchon or B&B. Other hotels will offer a generous dining or spa credit, comp champagne, etc.  . . Fourth, this is supposed to be a luxurious hotel, yes its beautiful and the rooms look great at a quick glance,but upon closer inspection its obvious that an accountant runs this place.  Everything from the cheap chinese brand toiletries(not even hotels in china would use), Aomni brand TVs, lack of sound proofing, blow dryer without a cool button(what is this 1989?), to mushy beds(I actually slept on the couch and its quite comfortable) shows they care very little about making your stay great.. . I spend about 10 days a year in vegas every year for work for the last 6 years and I never had any complaints about any other hotel.  There are much better options nearby, like the Wynn, the newly renovated rooms at the Mirage, Encore, Aria, Cosmopolitan, Caesars.. . The are some positives, they have great restaurants, Carnevino, B&B and good shopping at Barneys well by Las Vegas standards anyway.
This review is not about the quality of the hotel, which in fact is really good and well deserved 5 star.. . There are 2 things which I want to highlight here :. - Beware of the online package which starts "From" 129$ night, what is NO WAY going to happen, because it depends on availability, who knows what holiday season is preventing that ...etc. - The clerk who I talk on phone about reservation was rude and not appropriate with the 5 star rating they have for this hotel ! he had no idea about the online offer I was talking about, no basic sense of math on why am I getting for a 3 night stay 837$ during weekdays, he was trying to talk me on that 20$ dining credit which according to him was not included into that 129$ package price and that's why ... huh ! . . Overall you have to be cautious with their offers, because whatever they advertise is not real, at least I could not find anyone who got it ! you can check other reviews on ripoffreport or other places to confirm me here.
After traveling for many years to a variety of hotels and locations, I found that the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas is by far the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at. The customer service is one of a fly by night setup. After booking four suites and staying there for four days, it never changed, but got worse as each day progressed. At check in the special request for our rooms were not done. We spent over 30 minutes trying to figure out why things were not accurate after booking each room weeks in advance. The rooms as mentioned by another review were substandard, and I was not impressed at all. On our third day we got harassed by the valet parking workers, and were accused of not being hotel guest. After a major scene was caused and lies were made, my car was then vandalized by them. I had left my car with the valet for less than 5 hours. They completely scratched off my tags and license plate. Although management was apologetic, it is very obvious that there is a lack in training, communication, and over all excellency in work ethic. I would never stay there again!
For starters, the shuttle service took over an hour to come pick us up from the airport. It appeared that they only had one small van/bus to use, but tons of extremely overpriced limos (but be prepared to pay $12+per person for a one way trip on the van.) The driver was very rude,impatient, and yelled at passengers. The majority of the hotel staff was extremely rude and unfriendly. Check-in/out was a long ordeal. The room was subpar. The mini-fridge didn't work, and if we wanted to empty it out to use for other stuff (we were there a week), it was going to cost $25, plus $50 for every day it was empty.Be super careful not to even touch something in it as it's electronically monitored and will charge you whether you drank/ate it or not. We spoke to a manager to have it fixed on the first day, they came to fix it an hour before our check out. The maid service was ridiculous (though we were informed they are contracted out). They barely cleaned the rooms, never replaced towels, threw the shampoos/soaps onto the counter and everyday came an hour earlier and would knock even with a do not disturb sign hanging.The first night we requested extra blankets, 2 hrs. later we still had no blankets, called down a second time and after 45 minutes, they brought up a thin, disgusting blanket.A few of the lights were burnt out, and once they were fixed, the room was still very dark. The couch (with hideaway bed) was outdated, ugly, falling apart and extremely uncomfortable. The entire casino and lobby smelled overpowering and horrid. The food (even for Vegas) is really overpriced and mediocre. The spa was just as bad, one lady even scolded us like children and literally yelled at us b/c we were self touring the locker rooms--even though we explained that the spa front desk attendant had told us to do so.  The hotel itself is a pain in the ass to navigate, to get to the guest elevators, you have to either navigate through the casino or through the shopping plaza. On a weekend night, forget it, with Club Tao there, the place is a madhouse and the entrance line takes up the entire foyer. We ate at I love Burgers, the staff was fantastic, but we all got really sick within hours of eating there. The "resort fee" doesn't include the fitness center.  For all of its reputation, The Venetian was extraordinarily disappointing. In fact, when it came time to gamble/shop, we went to other hotels. We were not about to give them any more of our money. While there, I ran into at least three other guests who had the same and worse problems as I did. Next trip to Vegas, we'll be staying elsewhere...perhaps the Bellagio, or MGM.
Should be zero stars.   This is concerning the Box office employees.  On Sept 1, I booked thru Expedia a Phantom show at 7pm.  Apparently the show is n/a on this Thurs.  A huge Mexican guy was conferring with a mgr in the back, this mgr never comes up to reassure me and after 10 min sd a mistake was made and can rebook my show on Sunday when I am back home.  Very rude and unpleasant.  Expedia rebooks by shows for next day and rebooked Elvis at the Aria - where the box office staff were gracious and gave us free drink tickets throughout the hotel.  On Fri, Sept 2, at 605pm, I present my corrected vouchers from Expedia with the assurance that the Venetian mnmgt were aware.  Had a fat white blonde girl with dead eyes who could not be the least helpful sd a mistake was made and took 30 minutes to correct my problem.  She goes on to say that Expedia should have read their hotel memos.  After several requests to mgrs, did not present any mgr to me.  I called Venetian on Sunday and was given a jerk mgrnamed Marty Giovi who was condescending and kept talking over me during my explanation - no wonder the Venetian staff take their cue from this mgr - should all be fired!!  I left a mesg for Cust Svce and with the General Mgr and see if I will be lstened to.  At the show 10 minutes in to the show, 2 parties of 10 were shown in in the rows in front of me - I was in the Golden Circle.  And the usher made a mistake and had 10 elderly people standing blocking my view of the play - what happened to the sign that sd no admittance after the curtain is up.  A very poor experience at the Venetian!  All other parts of the hotel had great staff and could not be more helpful and accomodating and this is what I get after spending $150 per ticket!!! Unbelievable.  Again, Yelp pls have a zero star rating for bozo companies like this one!
The following is a portion of the letter I wrote to the hotel: The purpose of this letter is to bring to your attention my unfortunate experience with the hotel during my stay from 9/92011 through 9/10/11.  When my fiance' and I decided to marry in Las Vegas there was no doubt in my mind where we would be residing and having the My wedding trip (of all trips), however, would mar my image of the resort.  Tthe suite they provided us (29-335) left a lot to be desired.  The decor was old, dirty and run-down.  Nothing like what I recalled of the Venetian's quality reputation.  We were both tired and anxious as our big day was scheduled for the following day (9/10/11) and we didn't want to lug back to the front desk to request another room as we still had phone calls to make and our garments needed to get to the cleaners. While taking a shower, I discovered a large lump of long hair in the corner of the shower (please see attached photo).  I was disgusted but too tired to deal with housekeeping as it was approaching midnight.  The next morning I called housekeeping and asked to have the shower and tub thoroughly cleaned.  I also asked to have the floors vacuumed since discovery of the hair prompted me to note the overall cleanliness of the room. There were marks on the walls, doors and the ceiling.  The couch was filthy and there was no soap in the guest bathroom.  Nonetheless, housekeeping apologized and agreed to have it corrected while we were out for the day.  When I returned to the room at approximately 2 p.m., the hair was still in the shower.  I couldn't believe it.  I called housekeeping again and requested they attend to it immediately.  However, by the time they responded we were dressing for the ceremony and agreed to return after we were done. I would have been better off staying in a regular suite and paying less money.  On several occasions leaving the room and seeing the suites that were being cleaned on my floor, I noticed the furniture and the ambience at a much more suitable "Venetian" level.  My only conclusion for the room I was given is that I booked through Hotels.com.  Otherwise, why would you give someone who requested a larger sized suite (who also booked a wedding at the hotel) a crummy, nasty, dirty suite?  Is it standard practice to provide guests with less quality (and cleanliness) if they book outside of the hotel? To make matters worse, upon returning to the suite along with my wedding guests, we found the ice bucket's top had mold/mildew growing in it (see attached photo).  I was embarrassed as one of my guests noticed it.  I could have called down and complained or requested another room at this point as I had more than enough reason to, but it was not fair to me or my guests to have to stop celebrating my big day to complain.  I shouldn't have been put in that position. All guests should expect, at the very least, a clean room.  It should be the Venetian's priority to ensure that customers stay in sanitary living quarters as a result of ensuring that staff has thoroughly completed their jobs.  If a guest complains about the cleanliness, I would think that the hotel would quickly remedy the problem and ensure that there are no other sanitary issues within the room. I complained to Christina and Janson at the front desk when I checked out on Sunday, 9/11/11.  They took notes, appeared to be concerned and stated they would advise management and send me a customer satisfaction survey.  I did not receive the survey until 9/14/11 and it states "there will be no direct response to feedback as the survey and comments are handled by a third party".  Really?  That's what your customer service has reduced my satisfaction and my patronage to?  I have no intentions on staying at the Venetian again.  I also intend on yelping my experience. Times are rough and when people spend their hard earned money to vacation, they expect what you guys have gotten away from...no stress, no worries, good customer service and a CLEAN room! I invite you to visit room 29-335, look at the condition of this suite compared to the smaller suites on that floor and ask yourself if you would pay more money to stay there. The whole situation is despicable!
First, the warning - we were in a suite with 2 wood steps leading down into  the sitting area. I slipped and fell going down the steps in bare feet, as they were so highly waxed, they were like glass, or stepping onto a skating rink! I don't drink much so I was not drunk, nor am I careless or clumsy. We called to report it... They sent up security and an EMT... I reported it so they would do something about it, and to make sure it doesn't happen to anyone else who might get hurt much worse. I hurt my wrist, and my shoulder blade hit the step when I fell.  I was lucky, and the hotel is lucky, that it was not worse, as it could have been.  Next time, it might be someone who lands on their tailbone, or injures their spine or hits their head, among other things!. . Now, before this happened on our last morning there, we had other problems which we never bothered complaining about and just let them slide. When we arrived to check in, at the VIP desk, for our 2-night stay,  we are informed our reservation is only for ONE night. We show them the email confirming 2 nights, but are told since it was  through corporate, they would have to talk to them the next morning, and would call us to let us know when done. They never called. So we had to call them after Noon to find out. It was done. That evening, we come back to our room only to find out we are locked out... Our keys no longer work! So now we have to wait for security, then new keys... Wrong ones delivered, so then had to wait for right ones. Our evening was delayed... We had come back to the room to freshen up for night time activities. . . I have not had a vacation in years other than a weekend away 2 or 3 times a year. I went away hoping to have a stress-free, relaxing weekend. Instead, a weekend of frustration and aggravation, and an accident. When we called to report the accident, that's when we decided to mention the other problems we had experienced. We had had enough at that point. Now, one would think they would at least make a follow up call to see how I am doing the following day, as well as offered some form of compensation for all the mishaps... But NOTHING! Not even a dinner, maybe a bottle of wine, something to show they are sorry for all the problems and want us to come back, and not get a bad review either. I know many hotels would've comp'ed a night when incidences like this happen to a guest! Every guest should be taken care of, but when even VIP guests are not treated properly, it makes one wonder how everyone else is treated at this hotel.  IF they do come through and decide to respond to us and compensate us in some way for our not-so-relaxing and very frustrating get-away, then I will remove this bad review everywhere it appears, including TripAvisor.
My oh my! If only you knew the drama and the stress that us girls went through in order to choose which hotel we'd stay at in Vegas on our girls trip. We went from a slew of hotels to stay at... our heart was set on the Venetian because a) It's a 5 star hotel and b) It's sleek and sexy! Normally I stay at the Bellagio and my friend stays at the Wynn so we're used to NICE FANCY hotels... in the end we chose the Venetian and the Palazzo suite for our stay... 1400 square feet of ballin! Or so it looked like from the picture.... . Arrived on Friday at 11:30AM to check in... my friend hadn't arrived yet so even though check in isn't until 3PM I tried anyway... LONG line to check in... LOOOOONG line! An employee saw me enter the velvet ropes and asked if I was checking in and I said yes... he said that if I didn't mind going up the elevator that was no wait to check in upstairs... score! So I went up stairs to check in... my room wasn't ready and I requested a couch with a pull out sofa sleeper but I was told that there were no rooms available with the pull out sleeper... but that if one was available Saturday they could switch our rooms... a lot of trouble if you ask me to switch rooms so I asked about a roll away bed and they said normally it's $35/day but they would give me one for free since no sofa sleeper was available. Brownie points for them! They said they would call me as soon as the room was ready but that they would hold my bags for me... easy enough. We went shopping!! . . I got a call around 2PM that the room was ready. My friend arrived at almost 4:30PM so we checked in thereafter. Got our keys and headed up to our suite... arrived at the END of a VERY LONG HALLWAY and was ready to see our pimpin suite... opened the doors and............................................................................... . was extremely disappointed. BEYOND disappointed! Um was this the same room as the pictures?!?!?!!? Cuz it sure didn't look like it. The rugs were worn and dirty. There was no L shaped couch. Just a dirty yellow "love seat" which didn't look very lovey. Two small chairs and a small table in the living room. The living room looked... empty. Pathetic. Lonely. Everything looked... OLD. The bathroom was nice so I'll give it that. But that's about it. We called the front desk about not having an L shaped couch which I was told we'd get when I checked in... he stated it only comes with a "love seat" and I mentioned it was fraying, dirty, and old and that it wasn't lovey or lovely at all and all he did was apologize. My friend and I were... confused. Debating on what to do. We were supposed to meet up with 2 other friends to go to the Wynn Buffet for dinner so we decided to go do dinner and talk about it. Talking was short. We hated the room and felt cheated! So after dinner we went back to the front desk, IN PERSON, no phone calls.... . We inquired about having a room that was "more 5 star quality" and the nice gentleman helping us started to show us bigger suites in his book... we explained it wasn't the SIZE of the suite that was the problem... hell we had 1400 square feet which is practically a house!... it was what was IN the suite that LACKED 5 stars! We listed everything and then he did some researching... and he showed us a different suite at the newer Palazzo connected to the Venetian and asked us if we'd consider moving there... and we agreed. He even mentioned that our suite has yet to be renovated and that it is older but that they are renovating next year... helllooooo FALSE ADVERTISING!!! The pics look NOTHING like the room itself. Ughh it was GROSS! . . Bellman took all our stuff to our new suite in the Palazzo... and it was a BOMB ASS SUITE! (I'll write a review under Palazzo for that one)... but Venetian, you FAIL, an absolute EPIC FAIL... and never ever ever ever again will I even CONSIDER staying with you... lesson learned for me and my friend... BELLAGIO AND WYNN all the way!. . Side note: lots of great shopping, TAO is an awesome club!... and the gondola ride outside is super cute!
Stay  away. Understaffed , undertrained and billing office soooo confused.
nice casino. bad service. i tried to get drink at the bar and they ignored me for several minutes. eventually i just walked away.
My girlfriends and I stayed at the Venetian and had a terrible experience with security. After we had gotten in late one night and stayed up a bit chatting, someone began pounding on our door at 4am in the morning. We were all girls, already asleep, and not at all inclined to open our door to someone claiming to be security. Half an hour later, the security guard who had grown tired of banging on the door, let himself into our room and accused us of "stomping on the tiles". His attitude was accusatory and extremely offensive.. . In the morning we tried to call the security manager and were given the run around for 6 hours. We finally went to the security station downstairs and were connected to the manager via telephone. He claimed that the report read that the noise complaint was "chatting and laughing", completely different from what the security officer had told us the night before and that we "should have" received a call of the noise complaint before the officer let himself into our room.. . If you feel that staying in a hotel where security actually makes you feel less secure is alright, then by all means, the Venetian is the choice for you. If you feel that you would prefer to stay at a hotel that does not take advantage of travelers then there are plenty of other cost-effective hotel choices on the strip. I'd try one of those.
Stayed here for my bachelorette and it was TERRIBLE. I purchased 3 Bella Suites for my friends and me and the Venetian reservations specialists erroneously charged me twice. . . As any bride or maid of honor can attest, it's incredibly difficult to organize and collect payment from multiple people for a group stay. The Venetian did not make it any easier; in fact, their latent charges, poor communication, and failure to compensate me for their error, turned a hassle into a nightmare. I even tried to talk through the charges with Venetian's Guest Services rep, Beverly Borromeo, but she declined to help and knowingly left me dissatisfied and disgruntled.. . If you're going to Vegas, especially for a group party- bachelor, bachelorette, birthday, etc.- I do not recommend the Venetian/Palazzo group hotels. Go somewhere that will appreciate your business and endeavor to make your stay as easy as possible; I suggest the Cosmopolitan.
My stay was good at the hotel, but when I checked out my bag went missing.  I checked it in with the luggage services while we ate breakfast in one of the hotel's restaurants. We had our bags loaded into the car and took off. My bag was never put in the car.  The hotel was very difficult to communicate with about my missing luggage.  One month after I filed the claim on the bag, it miraculously reappeared.  They asked me to pay for it to be shipped to me, and upon its return I found that all my things had been rummaged through and some of my things were missing(anything with significant value).  I feel like my privacy was totally violated, and I threw out somethings because I was leery of contamination.  I have no proof that my bag was stolen, but REALLY?!
My disgust and hatred for the Venetian is due to the fact that they lost mine and my friend (fellow Yelper) Ingrid R's luggage the same day we arrived in Vegas for a girlfriend's bachelorette weekend.. . Yes, you read that right: THE VENETIAN LOST OUR LUGGAGE. . . THE INCIDENT: Sat 6/23/12. 11am: We gave 2 pieces of luggage to Jeremy, bellhop.. 215pm: We gave our claim ticket to Sean, bellhop, to pick up our bags.. 245pm: There was no word from anyone about our luggage nor did we see our bags as other guests' luggage were brought out.. 245-4pm: We asked Shahid, the Guest Services manager at the bellhop desk, about our bags. He found our claim ticket in the trash at the bell desk. He took us to the luggage storage areas to locate our bags, but they weren't there.. 4pm: Shahid offered us a hospitality suite as a temporary holding place to wait until security met with us to write up a report.. 4:30pm: Craig, security, wrote up a report and took an inventory of what was in each luggage. He also made phone calls to lost&found; housekeeping; and the front desk to see if our bags turned up, but no luck. He gave us a card for the Venetian's Claims Dept and told us to call them in 3 days if our bags weren't found.. 5:30pm: We called Shahid for an update: still no bags. We asked him what course of action would be taken given the fact that we were now without clothes, toiletries, and other items that had been in our luggage. He said he'd speak to the general manager, Alissa, and get back to us.. 5:15pm: Shahid called back and told us we were approved for a comp'd room and would be given $250 each for any purchases needed to get us through the weekend. Shahid told us they'd still search for our bags. He explained that our bags may have been mistakenly sent up to another guest's room but in the back of my mind I had a feeling our bags were given to a guest who was checking out of the Venetian.. . The way the Venetian handled the situation was infuriating. Yes we were given a complimentary room (big deal) and $250 each, but that was only because WE asked what the plan of action was after realizing our luggage was lost. There was no sense of urgency in making sure we were taken care of which made us feel as if our situation was not a priority. . . BTW, when Ingrid and I went to pick up our luggage, we had just left Tao Beach. We were only wearing swim attire and luckily had our wallets with us, but we lost everything else: shoes, makeup *$#!@, outfits, toiletries, and my valuable items: my camera, my grandma's vintage Louis Vuitton clutch, and my Kindle.  Yes I'm aware that I shouldn't have left my valuables in my luggage but it seemed safer to leave it in my locked luggage than bring it all with me to Tao Beach. So not only did we lose the items in our luggage, which were of both monetary and sentimental value, but we missed out on some bachelorette activities since we had to go to the mall to buy shoes, clothes, and basic underwear and to Walgreens to buy toiletries that the Venetian didn't offer, while dressed in our bathing suits.. . AFTERMATH:. I wrote a letter to Alissa, the general manager, expressing my frustration over the situation. She replied 3 days later apologizing and informing me to contact her should we choose to stay at the Venetian in the future. Really?! Aside from going to the Canyon Ranch Spa, I have no desire to set foot in their hotel. I called their Claims Department, 3 days later, and spoke with Tony who informed me that due to an "Innkeepers Statute" under Nevada Law, the max payout for each of our lost luggage would be $750. Really?!?!?  I was livid. The Venetian is a damn casino raking in millions, if not billions, of dollars and the most they can pay out is $750?!  Freaking ridiculous!!!  What was the point in wasting our time in taking an inventory of our lost items if in the end all we were going to get was $750?!  Tony went on to tell me that they've exhausted all means in locating our luggage and that the search had stopped.  He emailed me a waiver form for me to sign (releasing the Venetian of any fault) so I could then receive my check.  My possessions are most likely long gone, but I still feel completely violated as if someone had physically snatched my belongings from me. What's even more disturbing is whoever has our bags hasn't made any attempt to contact us about our luggage, leading me to believe they managed to open the bags, take whatever they wanted, and ditch the rest of the items somewhere. . . So in the end I not only lost my possessions, but I also lost a bit of faith in humanity. . . Lastly, thanks to the Venetian, I've also developed anxiety over entrusting my possessions with anyone (ie other hotel bellhops; airport luggage check-ins; valet services; etc) so much so I will avoid using bellhops; I will carry on my luggage; and avoid using valet...and if that's not at all possible, I'm taking my valuables with me: LESSON LEARNED the hard way.
This hotel is really a disappointment. Service doesn't exist, you're herded around the maze like cattle, the sheets were dirty (complete with stuck on un identifiable goobers). So many better places to stay on the Strip for the same cost. Try Caesar's, Mandalay Bay, THE Hotel, MGM, Mirage. Just about any other casino hotel has been significantly better. The pools are disgusting! I wonder if the Dept of Health ever checks them. You can not see the bottom through the spilled drinks, urine (the smell is the giveaway) and the cloudiness of the water. Choose another Yelp friends.
The rooms are extremely noisy. This is the second time i stayed at Venetian and everytime i got a room with lots of noise. The rooms are facing the pool and the noise of the cleaning pumps run all night. It sounds like somebody vacum clean your room all the time.
First day staying here at the Venetian. Walked through the casino and tried to take some money out of an ATM at the food court and had a problem. The money got jammed and it said to call an attendant.  Every person I tried to talk to said they could not help me.  After standing by the ATM Machine for over 30 minutes a woman came up to me and gave me a 800 number to call and said that was the best they could do. Even though I am a guest at the hotel and the ATM is sitting in the hotel I was told simply that it was my problem. After calling the number they told me the funds should be back in my account in a week. Not one employee tried to solve the problem or take me to someone who could help me. Nor did anyone try and assist me until the problem was solved. I called the front desk and the manager told me that this was standard operating procedure. Terrible customer service. I have been a Chevy dealer for a long time. When someone comes Into my place of business and has a problem with their car I don't give them a 800 number and tell them to call General Motors. I address the concern and actually try to help the customer solve the problem. Terrible first day of my stay at the Venetian. This is the kind of customer service you can expect from this hotel.
I am usually pretty generous with my Yelp ratings. The only other establishment I unleashed my wrath upon was the Sushi restaurant that somehow put a chewed up piece of gum in my food and then proceeded to blame me for placing it there. So what could have the Venetian done to piss me off? LOSE.OUR.LUGGAGE. Indeed... The venetian lost mine and a friend's luggage. . . It was the summer of 2012 (June 23 to be exact) and a friend and I were attending bachelorete festivities for one night only. We arrived early, changed into bathing suites en route to Tao Beach, entrusted our possessions to the bell and went about our day. Blissful oblivion. At around 2PM we went back for our bags. Still wearing that lovely bathing suit and cover up, and sticky from laying out with tanning lotions and sunblock. But Lo and Behold, our bags are nowhere to be found. I mean NOWHERE. We (including me, manager, and the other victim, fellow yelper Meredith M.) scoured their two luggage areas to make sure it was not missed SEVERAL times. Somehow,my ticket was found in the trash can. No explanation as to why it was there. Fast forward to 7:00PM and still no bags to be found and still wearing my bathing suit. By this time, also, we had missed pretty much all bachelorette activities. After what felt like pulling teeth, we received some cash to buy necessities to get us through the night. So, still wearing our bathing suits, we wen to the mall. In an hour, we had to get EVERYTHING. Even underwear. Bargain shopping in an hour was not easy. And I definitely had to bust out the plastic.. . I felt we had to be following people around to find out what was going on. "We will call you in five minutes" would turn into never a call back and my friend and I trying to find SOMEONE that will help us.  Though I lost a lot - my favorite shoes, my favorite dress, my make up, jewelry, ETC ETC ETC. The worst part was dealing with their claim resolution department. They also don't answer phone calls or reply to emails. . . Subpar re compensation and crappy service...... . ..... NO THANKS!
FINAL AFTERMATH:. I eventually got my check for $750 but only because me and fellow Yelper, Ingrid R, were regularly checking up on the status of our checks.  Our main contact in their Risk Mgmt Dept was Tony who was completely incompetent.  Aside from his very 1st call to let me know what their course of action was, he outright ignored all other follow up calls and emails  regarding the status of our checks. He didn't have the decency to call or reply back.  I was starting to worry that the Venetian would skip out on paying us.  Ingrid was finally able to speak with another rep, Emma, who assisted us in finalizing the cutting and mailing of our checks.. . SHAME ON YOU VENETIAN FOR PROVIDING VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE: you screwed me and my friend in losing our luggage; you screwed us in the way that you treated us during that weekend; and you still screwed us with your sorry compensation handled by your incompetent Risk Mgmt Dept.
There for dinner, I won't say where. Just that my experience was horrible from the point I stepped into the hotel. Then I come to find out it's non-union, the only major hotel on the strip.. . The owner is a scummy guy, stay away from this place.
Don't forget the owner of the Venetian gave Newt Gingrich millions. The Wynn is right next store and way nicer. Also if you're a non-smoker you'll hate it. The place stinks.
Planned my bachelorette party in Vegas of course and my friend Angie was kind enough to make reservations for our group here since she could get a special deal. So she reserved two suites 4 girls in each room, 2 weeks before our visit  2 girls dropped out so we figured we could have 6 of us in one room but the hotel refused to cancel one room reservation. My friend tried everything she could but they would not budge, I felt horrible so I offered to pay more since everything was being divided and  my girls were kind enough to pitch in also. Okay three girls in each room will be more than comfy, we shrugged it off and continued the excitement for the weekend. The day we left to Vegas three girls including my friend Angie left in their car a bit early and checked in while the rest of arrived shortly after. Our evening would start at 5:30pm, arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and when we reached my friends room she informed us the other room was still not available yet. So we all just got ready in her room and left to meet our limo downstairs before we left my friend went to check the status of our room at 5:30pm and it was still not ready. So you wouldn't let us cancel our reservation and yet you don't even have a room we've paid for ready  more then 2 hours after check in? So frustrating!!!!! we leave enjoy our night and don't return until around 2am and I was done for the evening but apparently the girls placed me in our room which was finally available to us. The next morning wake up and look round the room to notice it is disgusting weird stains all over the satin headboards, dings and dents on the walls and the tv . You can view my pictures as see it for yourself,  as if rockstars occupied our room before us and trashed the place and the hotel thought they could clean it and find it suitable for us still. Some of the outlets in the bathroom did not work either,  just highly disappointed with the hotel after all its supposed to be one of the nicer hotels on the strip. Never would return again even the valet took quite awhile to recover our vehicle. And with their delay on our room they wouldn't even accommodate a late check out. Much better hotels to stay at with better prices and service!
Arrived straight from airport checked in used Valet Parking thinking my New Mimi Cooper would be safe only to have it delivered to me the next day with 5, yes five big door dings wow so amazing they made a report but could care less. Instead of a 5 star hotel should be 5 dent. Seriously though want your car jacked up give it to the Valet, god dam amazing they could be so careless i am in total disbelief.  If you have a nice car do yourself a favor and park it yourself the Valet is free and now i know why. I will never ever stay here again and if i didn't have a package deal would check out today. This type of vandalism simply there is no excuse for none zip nada. The repair will cost hundreds to fix and now it will be a civil action more crap to deal with. . The rooms are nice the food is good but they lack in quality control with customer owned property and to say I am disappointed in their actions would be an understatement.  My 14yr old son knows better so I wonder what else they did,  I never checked the mileage when I gave my vehicle to them. We simply will never return and I certainly hope anyone with a nice auto takes my advice and park it yourself. The Hotel was proactive to make a security report but this type of headache I didn't need and normally when you give your vehicle to valet you get the best care well was sadly mistaking and have never had a valet experience like this before 5 dents were not created by one person this is their whole valet team and I would fire all of them if I had any say in this matter. When the vehicle was delivered there was not one dent or scratch. We won't return they have no respect for customers property.
I will not stay here ever again!!! Aside from how much you spend on the rooms, when you book and confirm the total they give you will not be the total you have to pay upon checkout! Don't even think about using the fridge in your room as its full of mini bar items that if you even touch you will be charged for. They still tried to charge me for items that I wasn't even close to touching! The room had the most terrible view, the cleaning service was atrocious and on top of that they still over charged me for my room after I kept repeatedly calling to have them fix my bill! For all you pay for a suite here you could save your money and stay anywhere else and actually have a pleasant stay! Usually I stay at the Paris but wanted something special for my boyfriend's birthday...I will never abandon Paris again!
BED BUGS!  . This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had.  Within a weekend at the Venetian, I got food poisoning from Sushi Samba and was so sick I had to take an ambulance to the hospital the first night and then I had bed bug bites prior to leaving.  Not only was it the worst Vegas experience ever, the hotel and restaurant staff totally disregarded the poor experience.  They had an excuse for everything.  I wish I could post a picture of the bed bug bites because you would not make a reservation here if you saw them!  Good luck if you choose to stay here.
I've been dreading this review because I just want to forget about my experience at this hotel.. . I'd give the room a -3 wifi didn't work and the head board was torn, no fridge, there is but if you move anything it charges you, cheap off brand toiletries and no coffee pot!? Even the days inn have those! cleanliness -3 had to wipe out the bathtub full of short curly black hairs before I could bathe. Picked a few off my socks too, casino-3 it was a maze to the desk, poker room- 3. my fiance played for hours and said he wouldn't play here again, too many weird rules..  . Customer service - negative 1000. . . I'll try to sum it up for the sake of myself and everyone reading this:. Stayed here on Christmas Day, I'm content with 3 star hotels but for the holiday my fiance convinced me to for once treat ourselves to Venetian or Caesars. And we unfortunately pick this place. . Room was decent enough (absolutely not worth price if you ask me) Had a good nights rest didn't hear any neighbors which I LOVED! Then we checked outand at this point I'd give an overall 4.... . Then the next evening I realized I forgot my brand new, got to wear it one damn time, $225 coat...I remember taking it off when we got in the room and leaving with a different coat on.. . I call the 27th (was in utah mountains so no reception until then) . *Call lost and found leave a message. 20 mins later call back talk to a man. Writes down description. 30 mins- call back. Talk to a woman "no man back here or inquiry please describe the coat". describe it. Call back. No coat- I ask to speak to security. A male officer takes my info down does a "lost inquiry" tells me to call back tomorrow. . *Next day- instead of calling I decide to go out of my way and go in.. *Tell the woman at the desk my situation, she calls lost and found -nothing. "go to security". I go they have none of my inquiries and no coat. They send me to a manager back at the front.... *I talk to Rhommel Berris, desk manager who tells me "nothing is found so therefore there is nothing I can do". I tell him exactly what time I came in and what I was wearing to check the cameras. He can't because surveillance is a different "entity". Bet if I took $225 from them it wouldn't be 5 secs later that I was caught and in handcuffs though.. *He calls security, calls housekeeping- nothing. tells me "sorry if nothing is found there's nothing we can do" well obviously it wasn't found or I wouldn't have been wasting my time with you guys.. Security comes and takes my THIRD lost inquiry report. Tells me "call back in 72 hours". . On the phone for 45 mins and arguing with Rhommel for an hour and 15 mins and there was NOTHING they could do, I thought maybe they'd offer something, anything! But we ask "because of all of our time wasted could we at least get a lunch voucher" and Rhommel said "sorry unfortunately I can't do that" well Rhommel it doesn't seem like you can do much of anything. . . Losing the coat was my fault but my coat magically disappearing when I left the room and how unprofessional they were is theirs. I will never again stay here and EVERYONE who's mentioned Vegas in the past week I obviously tell them to avoid it. I advise anyone who for whatever reason decides to stay don't leave anything behind, I've read other reviews of things going missing after they've left for the day and housekeeping has been in.. . This place is super unorganized and it was an expensive, annoying lesson learned.
Given the loathsome politics of Sheldon Anderson, I refuse to stay or gamble at this casino...but, dear lord, I can't come to Vegas without eating breakfast at Bouchon or experiencing the majesty of a copy of Shakespeare's second folio at Bauman's Rare Books.. . Perhaps I'm a hypocrite.  . . Perhaps one negative review of this place doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.. . Regardless.... if you care about such things, visitors really need to consider what will be done with the money you spend here.
so let me start off by saying that i was in vegas for the weekend for my sisters bachorlette party, we just came from arizona to vegas and we get into a suite where the phone doesnt work, the handle of the bathroom was off, the tv didnt work, and the customer service sucked ASS. . we complained so much that they finally changed suites on us, and we got the same one but it actually worked, and then the spacing was weird. . . we went down to the grand lux cafe and my friend ordered a salad. she was eating it and halfway through the salad, she found a fly, she showed it the the manager and he was offering stuff for her, she ended up getting the soup, and the whole meal wasnt comp.. . then the next day we wanted to go eat and we left our car to valet the day we checked in, and we saw them drive off with it, and then they told us that our car stopped working and they didnt take it out the area.... they told us this a DAY later, like seriously? they didnt even notify us! what happens when you checkout and they are like oh sorry your car doesnt work. what the heck do you do then? . . oh and then we went to another cafe place and the rude ass lady was like uhm we are closing in 30 minutes. so? we just want a bite and eat! and she was just giving us attitude, and ughh.... frustrating weekend at the venetian.... . it sucks butt, dont even bother going there unless you are going to shop or club at tao. . . this only deserve one star because it provided air conditioning in the 108 degree weather of vegas
Reserved the room for our honeymoon from Sunday to Friday two months in advance.  I called to confirm the reservation the day of arrival and requested a bottle of champagne for the room. Was told they couldn't do that, would have to check in first. On arrival we upgraded for our stay. Again asked about getting a bottle of champagne for the room (kind of ruined the surprise, since it was in front of my bride. was told there is one in the ice box in the room that I can charge to the room (not the same). Although the Venetian is beautiful, while walking around kept getting approached by barkers, "Hey, where you from"?, are you going to see any shows? what kind of phone do you have? You won!, come and get your free prize...after you sit through a time share program. Felt like I was in a flea market. On Monday we made an appointment at the spa for Tuesday. They took a imprint of my credit card to reserve the time slot. Monday night my bride found out that they run a special starting Tuesday. when we went to our appointment she requested the special rate. Was told that they couldn't do that because the way the computer works, ended up paying the full rate. Never will I stay there again, as a guest of this establishment I didn't feel welcomed nor appreciated for my patronage.
Not friendly staff, very overpriced rooms, no view, lousy maid service, and worst was the smell of recycled smokey air from the casino in our room!!!
We checked in and headed up to our room. Upon opening the blinds we had a view of construction, and a dead animal carcass. I immediately contacted the concierge to request a room change. I was waiting on hold for a long time. My husband went down to the lobby, while I waited on hold, to see if he could get better results going to the front desk. I remained on hold. I spoke with 2 different managers that were extremely rude, and told me that they had no available rooms to change me to. They didn't care about anything I had to say, and basically it was too bad. My husband spoke with someone at the front desk and they told him there was a room available facing the strip but it would cost extra, which would have been perfectly fine. However, when the person tried to requestthe room she stated that there was a note on our booking stating that we could not be moved. What a terrible way to begin our trip. . . Next, we had access to a private pool that was open later than the other pools that we decided to go relax in. Well, guess what, there were drunk people jumping over the gate to sneak in. One of them tumbled over on me while I was sitting on the pool chair. Another threw up directly behind me. We gathered up our belongings and left. I immediately contacted the front desk. I was told that such behavior is expected because "you are in Vegas." I explained that it was a private pool and not a free-for-all to come in and swim, otherwise why bother paying the extra money to stay in certain areas of the hotel. Again, the staff totally didn't care.. . Then, when I pulled out the extra blanket from the closet, it smelled like cigarettes, and was stained! I didn't even bother letting anyone because I doubt anyone would have cared.. . It was truly disappointing. It was my daughters birthday, and it really was a huge disappointment that the vibe was so negative at the Venetian, especially when you pay so much to stay there.. . I will not be back again. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will stay at another hotel on the strip. Take my advice, STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.
I am sad that I have to give this place even one star. This was the worst hotel experience of my life. Upon entering our room it was obvious the floor had not been vacuumed. The bathroom sink and bathtub both had dried hair along the sides. The WiFi was intermittent and was off more than on. Calls to the desk for IT support took hours and helped very little. Zero room amenities....I've had more and better at the Motel 6. Hotel has no drink machines; one is instructed to buy the drinks that are in the room refrigerator ($$$$$$) or go down and buy a drink in one of the expensive hotel restaurants. There is no coffee machine in the room, again, even the Motel 6 provides a coffee maker! Yet, for some reason there is a TV in the bathroom? Lets get our priorities straight! The lighting in the bathroom area is so dim as to be dangerous at night. The entire 7th floor of the Venetian Tower reeked of raw sewage during our week's stay and was never fixed. My advise is to spend your money at another resort on the strip, or find the nearest Motel 6!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Stay at the Wynn. . . This was a terrible stay. I was expecting so much more. . . Checking in: Rude front desk lady. Even though I had confirmed the type of room (I had purchased a Bella from Vegas.com) the front desk gave me a single bed room. I had to argue with her to get what I paid for. So the start of my trip was poor. . . Stay: Three major issues.. . 1. Internet wifi did not work (the IT guy couldnt figure it out and gave me a freaking hard wire. Who uses a blue wire on the laptop and constrains themselves to the desk!!!). . 2. The room was dirty (the closet had previous guest's hangers and plastic all around). Had to call housekeeping as soon as we arrived. terrible. . 3. The lamp in the lounge are of the room did not work. Had to call engineer to fix it. . . . This was not what I hoped for.
The place is beautiful, let's get that out of the way.  She's a pretty lady with an empty head.  Where are all of the fabulous perks people keep mentioning on here?  . . My husband and I booked our 15-year anniversary through the Venetian's website which means we booked our vacation through Las Vegas Sands, which is owned by another company, blah, blah, blah.  I only say that because our vacation dates, flight, hotel was absolutely screwed up by Las Vegas Sand Vacations.  We are on our way to the airport, on the phone with the LVSV letting them know that they have a date/time incorrect. LOTS of drama for our departure date.  Flight change and hotel change fee for the departure date. . . Don't even get me started on our return date!  Who books a hotel departure on a Sunday and the flight for the day before on a Saturday?  Las Vegas Sands vacations does!  We had pay ANOTHER flight change fee when we got to the airport to leave on Sunday, the same day we checked-out of the hotel.  Of course we couldn't reach Las Vegas Sands Vacations because it's a Sunday.  So we paid the change fee and had to leave at midnight which is way later than it was supposed to be scheduled for.  Oh, and they screwed up our departure dates and plans as well.  LOTS of drama.  So we called during business hours on Monday and complained only to be told that we had to submit our complaint via email to the After Vacation Department.  We did and were basically told that they would not reimburse of any fees, oh and here is a $100 voucher to come stay with us again!  Seriously!!!???
I take ODS shuttles to the airport almost monthly from the Venetian.  Usually there are no issues.  Today we seem to have either a dispatching issue or just confusion.  I showed up 15 minutes early as your supposed to and the driver showed up at roughly 10 til 3.  The driver was polite and greeted us and loaded our bags as usual.  We boarded and began to wait.  It was ten minutes after 3 when I got off and ask the driver when we would be departing.  He said I don't leave until 330.  The issue was we were supposed to depart at 3.  When I ask if we could depart early because the 3pm shuttle did not show up he said no.  While I understand that there could have been a delay elsewhere to prevent the 3 o'clock shuttle from getting there ODS or the driver should have made accommodations to transport the 6 guests to the airport at 3 if the other driver was delayed.  I know there are issues when it comes to transportation butit was the fact of how the driver handled it!  I ask the driver Geb,  if he could ask dispatch to leave early to accommodate the lack of a 3oclock shuttle and he said no I am scheduled to leave at 630. (Even though it was only 320 at the time). I've never had any issues with ODS and hope that this is not a start if unreliable service!
Stayed here on our honeymoon; I'd asked concierge to set up our room with petals/candles/something romantic for our first night which they assured me would be ready... we got nothing. I called down and asked for them to set up the surprise the next night which they apologized for and guaranteed, but still nothing was done in the four nights we spent there.  Room had minimal lighting, rough towels &terry cloth robes, hardly any movie channels that werent pay-per-view. The female manager of bell service was extremely rude and unprofessional when we called down to report our luggage as being delivered TWO HOURS LATE the day we arrived too. Most countertop space was occupied by their weight-sensored goodies for sale. Only upside, the suite was spacious&clean. We chose to gamble our money away else where, didn't want to give them another dime...
My son Dyaln was celebrating his 24th birthday at the Venetian. He had booned for his a two nights stay in the Bella suite. On the night of his borthday he and his friends tried to go into the TAO bar. After all of   his frieds were admitted Dylan then proceeded to enter the bar. Upon carding him the "bouncer" decided that my son did not look loke the picture on his driver's license. After showing several other credit cards and other forms of I.D. the bouncer would still not admit him. He then went to the hotel desk nanaager and spoke with Christopher Cauaaugn. Dylan was hoping that at least the hotel manager could get him in. Mr. Cavanaugh did not! The hotel did NOTHING to remedy the situation. His birthday was ruined.I just got off the phone with "Nate", the daytime desk manager, he too did nothing to remedy the situation. They claim they are not affiliated with the bar and cannot intervene. I'm sure when my son goes to pay for his hotel room in the morning they will not have any problem accepting his I.D. and credit card info.  I WILL NEVER book a room at this hotel again.!!
Stayed at Venetian for my bday couple of days ago. I thought Wynn was bad...This was horrible!!!!!!. We were told a room with strip view, we did not get it! I called the front desk and the person was very rude so i asked for the manager. She promised us a room with a view for the next day because she said she doesn't have any availability for that day from 11am to 3pm. we get the room after 5pm waiting for them in our room. Than we go the the new room it was the same exact room just 9 floors up! So i call the manager again and she says that she can not do anything about it. Not to mention we waited over an hour for the bell boy to bring our luggages.. . Their customer service and management is rude and have no management skills!!!. . I would NOT recommend it.
On so many levels, this casino and resort pales in comparison to its peers in customer service in many regards, whether its one bartender serving a hundred plus in the Venetian theater or absolutely horrible sports bar management, the sports books ridiculous policies or simply the poor floor plan design that is completely dysfunctional for hundreds of patrons, avoid them at all costs.
This is suppose to be the best of the hotels in Vegas. I've been to 3 star hotels I liked better. They just want all your money here. They don't care if you're enjoying yourself. Hidden charges everywhere and employees that mislead you. . . Also, if you do decide to stay here, don't pay extra for the room with the view of the strip. I did and got a nice view of the front of the Palazzo hotel with a little tiny glimpse of the strip. . . Wasted money everywhere on this trip, and I didn't even gamble!. . In my opinion, everyone should just stay away from Vegas completely. Or they should just bulldoze the city... You have to be filthy rich to have a good time in Vegas now a days. If you're not, you just get pushed to the side ...Even if you're spending hundreds of dollars. Places seem to start caring about your business when you drop $500 or more all at once.
we have stayed in all the known hotels in Vegas and by far this was the worst one ever . no costumer service unprofessional and the price you pay you for sure is not worth it . even the management is bad they don't know how to handle there guests problems.. we payed for a room with strip view and we go to our room and we get a view of the roof of the parking, worst place too stay in,  rooms are amazing but  Venetian has to hire employees that are professional and know how to handle there unsatisfied guests.
Don't be surprised to see these cute bugs in your room. Room service sucks in this hotel. Room doesn't have a single drawer. I purchased my vacation directly from Venetian and I am not coming here back again. I decided to reserve this hotel after I heard about the Renovation recently. I usually stay at Bellagio where I always stay happy. The casino in Venetian is 5 times smaller than Bellagio's casino. Casino is not as clean . Room service sucks. Sorry but Venetian is not better than 3.5 hotel. You start your morning at 8 am hearing the Room service screaming in the hallway...
