Overated!  Boring, boring, boring!  Did I say boring?. . Not a real Cirque show!  Lots of running around but very little performance.  . . Go to a real Cirque show like O!
This is definitely one of the weaker Cirque du Soleil shows.  Not worth your time or money.  It's mostly just people in odd costumes running around the stage for 90 minutes.  The acrobatics and choreography are weak.  There are far better ways to spend your time and money in Vegas.
The worst cirque du soleil show I have  ever seen and definitely one of the less interesting shows I've been to in general.  I've seen Mystere, O, and Zumanity...all of which were awesome.  I brought my 20+ year old daughters and was excited for them to see their first cirque show as we go to the theatre regularly in DC and New York.   Such a disappointment.  Very little over the top acrobatics which I find fascinating.  I could have seen these same skills at the circus.  As far as the costumes..just plain weird.
I'm a huge Beatles fan and a pretty big Cirque du Soleil fan having seen Mystere, O, and Ka live in Vegas. This production leaves a lot to be desired.. . There are two extremes of circus/acrobat-like shows. One extreme is many of the Chinese and Russian circus/acrobatic shows - all human acrobatics, zero art. Love is pretty much the other extreme - almost all art and almost no acrobatics.. . Cirque du Soleil's trademark is more balanced show with impressive human acrobatics (using many Chinese and Russian acrobats, not surprisingly) matched with compelling original art & music. Love deviates from that blend into the "WTF is up with these random people in haphazard, colorful costumes dancing to slightly remixed Beatles music? Where are the people doing *amazing* things in an *artistic* way?". . Ka is the best Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas. Absinthe is probably the best show overall in Vegas, and I have seen more than ten of them.. . ---. Update:. . I had rated Love two stars for this but changed it to one after two recent events:. . 1) Saw credit card bill and was reminded that I paid about $150 per person. Absinthe is about 1/2 that and is *infinitely* better.. . 2) Watched Cirque du Soleil's Verakai in 720p HD, which is very good, and am further reminded of how much Love sucked and is completely outside of Cirque du Soleil's MO.
This show totally sucked.   If you're a dude, you're not going to like this show.. . . There wasn't a ton of acrobatics, but it had more dancing.  This was like a bad musical, except the characters hardly sing.  Rather they rely of course on the soundtrack of the Beatles and the characters running around trying to act out a story.. . And .. as for the story.. does the guy lose the girl, and then see her pursued and wooed by another dude before she gets killed in an accident and go to heaven?  Or did I drink my giant $16-20 Pina Colada too quickly?  It's not a really happy story.. . Thank goodness the pina colada was significantly large enough to last the show.  (Might hold ~40 ounces.). . . The true mark of a good show is the buzz that you hear when you walk out, with everyone raving how great or awesome it was.  When I went to pick up my tickets at will-call for the late show, the previous show was coming out.. and that should have been my cue to request a refund before I even go it.  I understand their disappointment now.  Save your money for dinner, gambling, or something other than Beatles/Love show.. . . My recommendation:  Go see the Cirque du Soleil "O" show.  That was fantastic when I saw that on a previous trip.  That's one of the most popular shows for good reason.. . I think they even have a more sensual (read: revealing outfits :-) show if that's your thing.   But there are other much better venues if you want to see skin.
I've seen quite a few of the Cirque du Soleil shows, as have my other 3 friends. We all agreed that this was the worst production we have ever seen! There's no cool acrobatics, nothing that makes you marvel and the performer's strength and abilities. I fell asleep during almost all the songs! It was that horrible head bobbing kinda sleep. Yes, the costumes are colorful and wacky, but even that wasn't enough to overcome the horrible mash up of randomness. There's no intermission as it's only a 90 minute show. Save your money - go see another show.
This is not a circus at all...there were 2-3 acrobatic acts that were ok...but not jawdropping...cirque used to make me gasp...this show would have been better on E....bc the music and lighting events...overall it was like a dance performance.....ending up leaving halfway through....that says something...
dont get me wrong, the show is amazing... saw it a couple years ago, and it was wonderful.... . HOWEVER...... . came back to see it again for my birthday and so my better half could experience it as well.  We went an hour early to the box office in our hotel to pick up the tickets only to find out that they showed up as unavailable.  When i called the mirage directly, they offered no explanation only saying that the tickets were RESOLD........  . . No refund. No transfer. No manners. . thegirl on the phone was significantly good at marginalizing my concerns and offered no form of compensation for THEIR MISTAKE!. . horrible horrible experience and i will certainly not be patronizing the mirage ever again.
Good music, but for a Cirque show, I really expected more acrobatics, visual effects, and stunts.  Appreciated the dancing, but during the entire show it felt like i was waiting for something more to happen, then after a couple hours, it ended.  Disappointing.
The show started in spectacular fashion, but after literally 3 minutes a voice announced that there would be a temporary suspension. After half an hour they announced it was cancelled "for technical reasons". Yet they said there would be a later show, no problem. As it was the main reason we had come to Las Vegas and as this was our last night, we ended up spending a lot of money for very little result. They handled the cancellation very efficiently, which mad me wonder HOW OFTEN THIS HAPPENS. Beware - you may be disappointed, and it makes me wonder if this happens with other Cirque du Soleil shows.
Im giving it a 1 star but you may not all agree with that. If your a beetles fan you may love it. Other wise its a vomit of color and repetitive flips with annoying music that has long since been outdated. Yes Im sorry hipsters but we all have to admit that the beetles aren't as good as you claim they are. maybe in our parents generation. So if you a beetles fan or a hipster that pretends to be one go you may like it. If you are not STAY AWAY!!
I really don't understand the hype!  I was in complete agony (as well as my husband) watching this show.  I have seen just about all of the other Cirq shows, and this was no Cirq!  It was more like bad Broadway, and lets thrown in a rope or two.  Don't get me wrong I like the Beatles music, so it wasn't that... I was just bored to death.  The best part for me, was when they covered your eyes and you couldn't see the stage.
LOVE was not what we expected.  It lacked the usual cirque stunts that we have been accustomed to seeing... The dancing was good, but for $100+ a ticket,. It was definitely way overpriced.  . . Out of all the cirque shows, this ranks the lowest, if not the lowest.  Wait, I take it back, Kris Angel sucked even more.. . If you like the Beatles, you might like the show.  But don't expect much more than music and dancing.  Better yet, buy a CD and save $180 dollars.
Totally underwhelming compared to other Cirque shows. I'm not sure how to explain my disappointment, just that the music and acoustics were the only highlight for me. Too many people running around the stage that you can't focus on one thing. I will stick to "O" and Mystere.
Boring piece of crap. I can't believe I lost 90 minutes of my life sitting here. Thankfully I walked out before it ended. Buy the cd, listen to the music but don't waste your time or money on this.
I'll give half star if I can. LOVE is my third Cirque du Soleil show. I've seen KA and O. LOVE is definitely the worst one I've ever seen so far. My husband and I spent $126 per person to get the front row seat. The show is soooooooo boring and my husband fell asleep during the show. The music is re-mixed and just way too loud. Sometimes I can't hear what they sing clearly. The dancing was not bad. I guess if you are the Beatles fan, you'll enjoy the show much more. If you are not the big fan of Beatles, then just buy a CD would be totally enough. Do not waste your time and money for the show.
