An absolutely embarrassing experience. This place looks cute from the outside and the menu seems kind of yummy from first glance, but the rude, kind of trashy looking hostess barely greeted us, rushed us to our table and slammed down our silverware. After waiting a few minutes with no water, we had to ask a busboy if our waiter was anywhere to be found. Again, less than mediocre service. Maybe if the food was decent it would have made up for it, but the veggie burger was terrible and the meal didn't even come with fries!! Nothing pisses me off more than a la carte at a burger place- at least include something on the side, but it was just a nasty thing on a bun on a white plate. Eww. The only good part was the shake, but its kind of hard to mess up chocolate whipped cream and Oreos. I wouldn't have my worst enemy come here. I expected better from this place.
I got the Tandoori Burger: good but way salty. In fact, everybody's burgers tasted like the cook dumped the whole salt container in the meat. The orders were all mixed up and I did not receive the sauce my fries said it comes with. . Not worth the price. . . I'd give it Zero if I could.... went there tonight to pay with our Players Club Card. We informed the hostess of this as she was sitting us and she said "OKAY". . We go to pay the bill and the machine for the players club was not working, so the waitress got the manager for us. He comes to our table, RUDEST MANAGEMENT EVER, hovers above us with both of his hands on the table, in our face and very rudely tells us that the hostess did not say that to us. I'm sorry but 3 people heard it and you mister rude manager was not there.. . I've been in this industry for 16 years; I would never talk to anybody the way he talkedto us. He is def. not management material and they should think about getting rid of him. . . I will not return back, neither would any of my guests.
This place isn't even worth 1 star.  Went here because it was the only option right before I saw the Beatles Love show. I would have been more satisfied at McDonald's!! This prices here are OUTRAGEOUS! The food was bland and unsatisfying. Not worth the $50 I spent.
Not impressed.  There are so many great burger places in Vegas, this unfortunately is not one of them.  We sat at our table for 10-15 minutes before being acknowledeged.  The menu is basically a la carte and completley overpriced even for Vegas standards. If you want a plain burger, fries, and a drink its almost 20 bucks.  The food took forever despite the restaurant only being half full and about 8-10 guys working in the exposed kitchen.  Told our server if she could put a rush in the order that would be great considering we had to catch a show and we had already waited insanely long, she gave me attitude and said everything is made to order so theres nothing she can do, rather than just saying "ok sir" to shut me up, which I would have preferred.  She then said she was leaving cause her shift was over and someone else would take care of us (no problem).  He checked on us once, and gave us the bill.  There are a lot better options for a place to eat and I suggest finding one of them (unfortunately mirage really does not have that great of options).
One of the worst experiences in Vegas restaurants.....   =(. . The food tasted fine.... but if the burgers were going to cost me $15-$20, I expect excellent service. This is one burger joint I will never go back.. . The Mirage hotel needs to do something about this place since the restaurant is in their hotel property and giving them a lousy name.. . P.S. I had to answer "No" to the additional tips section question about Waiter service on Yelp, since they had waiters but there was no service!
All I ordered was onion rings.  What I got was barely heated frozen cardboard.  I asked for the check - waiter did not ask what was wrong, disappeared.  Paid check with cash, walked out.
Don't even know where to start.. Lets just say I was sick all day yesterday & Im pretty sure it was due to BLT... . My Husband took me here after work the other night cause we LOVE burgers!! He ordered Tex Mex burger I ordered the fixed menu for Restaurant week :) . . Burgers were dry with NO flavor.. Like they didn't even use salt & pepper. The chili on my husbands burger was barely swiped on his bun like it was mayo..lol. . . New Castle on tap was horribly flat!  . . Onion rings were the mostbland ever!. . I just don't think the menu coordinator has any idea how to pair flavors.. on my burger their was carmalized onions which were in this orange type sauce.. thousand island dressing.. they forgot the bacon too.. And piece of lettuce was soggy.. bottom bun was so soggy I took it off!  No tang to offset all the sweet. I dunno.. . being local,... WONT BE BACK.. I don't mind paying 25$ for a burger cause I do it occansionally anyways but COME ON!! my burger should have been juicy & flavorful.. . . And ff did remind me of burger kings! . . ohh and the cupcake they gave me that came with my order because it is restaurant weeek....... well it was sooo old & cold.. & had been frozen!  you couldn't even eat the cupcake with a fork because the icing was too hard! . . I will stick to Shakes & Holsteins or Burger Bar :)
Classic and BBQ Brisket Burgers were ok. Over-priced. Service was awful!
Despite looking like a modern twist on a burger place, BLT Burger was the most disappointing thing about our trip to Vegas.    The staff is rude and just too cool to pay you any mind whatsoever.  After sitting for 10 minutes, our waiter (who barely spoke English) took our order.. . My wife got the bleu cheese burger while I got the Cowboy burger.  She ordered hers medium well and I got mine medium.  The waiter got that backwards and we had to send them both back.. . When we finally did get served, hers was nearly inedible with the amount of bleu cheese that was on there.  It also had no texture: soft all the way through with no lettuce or tomato for some crunch.  My Cowboy Burger was better, although the barbecue sauce they use is way too spicy. . . I got the skinny (shoestring) fries which were so overdone as to be nearly teeth-breaking potato chips.  She got the thick fries (wedges) which were covered in that orange special seasoning some places use.. . We sent her burger back again and she didn't eat.  They took her burger off the bill - acting like they were doing us a great favor - so the final tab with my burger, two fries and two diet cokes was over $30 (soft drinks $3.50 each!).. . They advertise 'combos' on the menu, but that only covers the classic burger and the turkey burger.. . Best thing about the place - the bench seats were the most comfortable I have ever sat on.  Other than that, avoid at all costs (and it will cost).
The visit to BLT Burger was on the night of my 1 year anniversary and a quick stop for drinks and possibly a burger.  Upon entering this establishment it seemed promising.  The host which we found out was a UFC fighter, but above all the ONLY pleasant employee in BLT Burger.  . . Since we were pressed for time, I decided to just have a couple drinks while Dave had a Turkey Burger and we both agreed that we were going to sit at the bar for faster service.  . . The bartender I think her name was Jessica, not too sure she was the only one not wearing a name tag came over to us and with the grouchiest face and attitude asked us what we wanted to drink.  Being from Michigan, I was debating between a Michigan beer or a Guinness and as she stood there arms folded, rocking between her left leg and right leg, huffing, and making me feel like I was wasting her precious time, I finally said "I am sorry can you please give me a moment"  She very loudly huffed a huge sigh and walked away......never to return again.  . . I had to flag down a guy and we gave him our entire order, after placing our roder with him he proceeded to wash down the counter and either he smelled like major B.O. or the rag he was using was EXTREMELY dirty!!  It was the most disgusting thing I have smelled in a restaurant....we also ended up sitting next to the condiment tray, you know with the fruit and what not, every time it opened fruit flies came out.  . . While waiting for our order I did notice that not one single employee in the entire restaurant had a smile on, not one person tried talking to customers after their meals were dropped off, and while sitting at the bar not one person ever bothered to talk to us.  Our food was dropped off, dried up burger and burnt onion rings.  . . I am not impressed at all.....finally Jessica came up after the meal and asked us this time with a smile, "would you like some dessert?"  My response...."I would never order anything from you or this place again!"  We left and I will never eat here again, Bad service, bad food, and just overall bad atmosphere!  . . There are better places to spend that kind of money where people will be more than happy to provide better service.....the only bad part of my 1 year anniversary.
I was at BLT Burger on September 21st and the service was HORRIBLE.  When we first arrived, we weren't greeted by the hostess and when she sat the party in front of us, there was no smile or eye contact.  My party decided to sit at the bar and it took a long time to get the bartender/waitresses attention.  When we finally did get her attention, she was condescending and unfriendly (her co-worker was equally unfriendly).  We decided to leave a 2% tip due to lack of compassion and service.  With the high prices and poor customer service, I would not recommend BLT Burger to anyone and I won't be back either.
DISAPPOINTING!. The menu looks amazing and the atmosphere is cool. So we went in. MISTAKE..... Dropping $50 on two burgers and one side to split was bad enough, but then they arrived at the table and things just kept going downhill. How you can top a burger with chili, jalapenos, cheese, onion and avacado and it still lacks in flavor is beyond me....but BLT accomplished just that. Now to be fair, the fried pickle appetizer was delicious.. . I loved the decore and if you like to people watch then this is a great spot, because it sits on a main walkway of The Mirage, so you see the foot traffic both coming and going. But as far as the food this was a huge miss.
One star for good food. Minus 4 stars for making you wait in line for 20 minutes while the tables in the restaurant are empty. If you're patient enough to wait, you'll get terrible service.
Very poor service from the start. Seating was only available in the front of entrance yet their were tables through out.   Guess she was having a bad day.   We ate at the California Pizza Kitchen which had great service
Do NOT try the "Shaft's Blue" burger. I repeat. Do NOT try the "Shaft's Blue" burger. If only you could see the horrid facial expression I made as I took my first bite with great anticipation. Nevertheless, I thought I could rid the bitter taste upon my lips with the waffle fries; oh boy was I wrong. They didn't even taste like potatoes! If you like the taste of oil and burn, then get these yummy  fries for $5.00 =D. I am only giving this place one star because of the aesthetically pleasing atmosphere and for the ONLY thing I liked: the bottled drink I ordered.. . Looking for overpriced food, small portions, horrible tasting food, and still being hungry after you eat, then come here to BLT Burger. Have a good day! =)
Avoid BLT Burger at The Mirage. I am a burger whore and have been wanting to try this place for quite awhile now. This is not the place to satisfy. Took forever to get seated, servers just walked by ignoring us. This should have been our sign to turn around. When we finally did get seated, they took our order and brought the drinks promptly but then ignored us for about 20mins or so until the food came. I got a simple diet coke which was terrible so I put it at the edge of the table so the waitress might see it and question if I may want something else. The waitress we had, who seemed busy doing not much, did not even serve it to us. The $12 "The Classic" burger is ok, I've had better at Denny's. Cheese and sides are extra. Got the onion rings as a side (as I'm also an onion ring whore). Greasy, weird batter ... not good. One good thing, I wasn't charged for my soda.
Eat lunch here today, ordered a beer any tacos, the tacos were good but the glass on my beer was broken and cut my lip, the waitress brought me a new glass and no discount on my bill... Thanks for the cut lip.
Turkey burger was toooo SALTY! I could not finish the other half!!! I must have been hungry to have finished even the first half.  When I complained to the waiter about this, he said that he hears that alot about this burger!!! Really?!?! Was the hole bottle of salt in my burger?!?!  My bf had a blue cheese burger that tasted weird with so called carmelized onions... artificial sweet tasting onions and blue cheese. Even their pickles failed!!  It was salty and not pickled!! Burgers are not great. You will NOT find a gourmet burger here.  I love me some burgers and always finish my plate, NOT HERE!!  Pass this place up, don't waste your money.
I don't normally write reviews or leave comment cards, but I was extremely disappointed in BLT Burger. For a restaurant that specializes in burgers, I expected a pretty good burger. Unfortunately, everything I had there was extremely bland... the burger, the fries, the onion rings. The chili was pretty good, of course it had jalapenos on top so I'm not sure how they could have made that bland. Sadly, the best part of my meal was my Diet Pepsi. Very overpriced for the quality you end up getting. I've had better burgers at fast food joints. They also overcharged us, saying the computer's been "doing that" but apparently just wait for you to catch it yourself. The waiter tried to fix it twice but eventually we had to get the manager. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas; save your money and go somewhere else.
we came here for show around 9pm. The service is not too bad, but food is hard to swallow. Food is way to salty, very few choices.
