Chef Mario Batali should cringe that his name is associated with this restaurant. For Carnevino did not even deliver on the basics on our recent visit. . . First of all- this place has a high bar given all the talk about it and the prices that it charges. It was highly recommended to us so we decided to take our group there on our last night in Las Vegas. . . From the moment that we entered- the place was not up to a "fine dining" restaurant . . . .and trust me- I eat out alot. . . Our waiter had an attitude from the moment he walked over- wanting to know "who was in charge" and tossing menus and wine lists at us. We appointed a "person in charge" just because it seemed without it- nothing was going to move forward. . . Everything we asked for seemed to be an issue for this waiter. We wanted several appetizers to share for the table. He wanted to know exactly how many of each versus just figuring it out as a good waiter would. . . Two of us asked to split a steak and to have it sliced- he acted like it was huge imposition but we saw it being done at other tables in the place. . . Our wine sat unpoured on the back table until one from our group got up to pour the table some wine. Pouring our own wine? Really? At a fine dining restaurant? Unheard of. . . At this point- I called the manager over- but she was not very helpful other than getting our water glasses filled. I expected to her to minimally check back with us before we left to see if things had gotten any better.  But she didn't.  She didn't care either.. . Our salads came up and were so bitter and salty that they were inedible so we sent them back. The pasta dish we ordered was no better than "Chef Boyardee". So far- service and the food were untenable for a fine dining restaurant. . . The best thing of the night? The steaks- but it takes a lot to mess those up. They were done perfectly and were quite tasty. But at $54 a steak- I would expect nothing less. . . This service debacle went on for 2.5 hours and at the end when we received our $1100 bill you can bet that the obligatory 20% tip for our server -who was terrible- was put right on there. Hard to believe.. . There was no other compensation from the restaurant for the bad service other than they didn't charge us for the salads we didn't eat. . . Plenty of good restaurants in Las Vegas. Too bad this isn't one of them.
I recently had dinner at Carnevino with 4 friends.  While I've eaten in Batali places before, this one really takes the torta on overpriced food and fussy/condescending waiters and service.  Being from NY, I don't take kindly to snowjobs -- and this place was all about that.  . . Our server, a dweeb from LI to boot, who made lots of chit chat with us at first, was all about getting us to spend as much $$$ as possible.  He was good with the stories "aged beef, so carefully prepared...be sure to pick up the bone and gnaw on it - like Mario would do if he was here." Oh pleeze.  So pretentious.  The tale of the cannoli prep was the best, as another server made up seemingly compelling stuff as he went along.  I was anticipating and fully ready to vomit up my overpriced meat in response to the line, "each cannoli shell is carefully rolled between the nubile thighs of 16-year-old virgins" if it came to that. And in Vegas, that'd truly be a rare thing.. . . After having 3 small pasta plates to share, we went on to the mains. And, by the way, one of those pastas, the penne with anchovies, was about the worst thing I've ever tasted and should be fully avoided. They push the steaks, but as we were two couples, we could have saved some money with ordering one steak to feed 4 of us.  Mr. Server Douche never bothered to mention that the Florentine Porterhouse steaks are big enough for 4 people.  Nope.  He just had us purchase 2 steaks at the cost of $80 PER PERSON!!  The menu is misleading, as we thought it was $80 for 2 - not EACH.. . Basically for me, this restaurant "jumped the shark" in every way and it'll be a long time until I eat in one of Batali's joints - anywhere.  Figures he's friends with Goopy, by the way.  Ugh.
The service here is subpar.. . The ambiance is on par with Applebee's with nicer linens.. . The price for any cut of meat is on par with any other steakhouse but the subpar service / ambiance make it overvalued.. . In regards to service, I promptly showed up for m dinner reservation but was told to wait at the bar for 30 minutes while my table was cleared. I noticed that the table we were seated at was empty when I walked in. I understand waiting at the bar if I were late and if my table were busy. I do not want to be forced to visit the bar to spend more money.. . The waiter was amateur in every aspect. He pushed drinks when we just sat down with drinks ordered from the bar. He broke from taking out order to attend to another table. He insisted on upselling any item we ordered from each category on the menu. He forgot parts of our order.. . With 4 guys, we ordered 1 round of cocktails, 1 bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, 3" of meat (2" of rib eye @ $72 an inch, 1" of private reserve porterhouse @ $108 an inch), 3 sides, 1 round of nightcaps, 2 desserts. Except for the nightcaps and desserts, we ordered everything else based on the fact that we knew how much we would eat and ordering any more would be wasteful. There's no reason to ask to add truffles for $75.. . As per the ambiance, I would relate Carnevino to an Applebee's chain restaurant. I listened to track after track of Green Day and Sublime. As the night wore on, the music definitely got louder like were in some time of nightclub.. . I was going to give rate this establishment 2 stars but compiling this list justifies a 1 star rating. I think it bets heavy on the draw the Batali name brings but falls flat with everything else. I should have known better when I was able to make a reservation for 4 @ 7:15 PM on a Saturday on OpenTable and noticed there were availabilities for every other time slot as well. Compare this to Delmonico's across the hallway which only had reservation seating at 5:00 PM and 9:30 PM. If you must dine in the Palazzo, then definitely take your steak business to Delmonico's.
After my last conversation with the junior manager at the restaurant, I promised I would write an accurate review: here it is. With so many great steakhouses in Vegas, skip this one and go anywhere else. I found my experience there to be a "used car lot" of steak houses. They sold items I didnt want -hard. For instance I ordered the filet, but the waiter said "for only 20 dollars more each, you can have the Fiorentina." I didnt want it, I had to fight to have what i wanted for dinner, and he wouldnt take no for an answer. That was the story of the entire meal: trying to upsell us on every aspect of the meal, including the Chamomile Grappa. I looked around, and this was the story at ever table, with every waiter. Maybe they work on commission? . . To add insult to injury, due to an error on their part, restaurant agreed to comp 2 drinks -as they took over 20 minutes to get our table. In my haste to make a show, I didnt ask for an itemized receipt and trusted the waiter. After the fact, requested the receipt and the drinks had magically reappeared, despite the staff's promises. Like I said - a used car lot. 2 stars because the food was very good. The staff and service leaves everything to be desired. There is nothing here that is better than any other steak house, and there is a lot that is worst than most steak houses in terms of service. Meal was $360 for 2 including fraudulently added drinks. (junior manager refused to fix after the fact, despite the fact that i paid $360 for a meal). I had eaten at Mastros in Beverly Hills the night before with infinitely better service, lower price, and higher quality food.
I had a horrible experience while dining at Carnevino last week. I was there with a party of eight people and our evening began without issue. However, things quickly went downhill after our appetizers came out. About fifteen minutes after our appetizers were cleared, a team of staff made a big show of bringing us new silverware for our main course. We expected that the main courses would be out shortly.  Everyone at the table was being patient, as we waited ten, then fifteen, then twenty minutes without any food. At this point, it had been over thirty minutes since our appetizers were cleared and frustration began to mount. Our server was nowhere to be found during this time, which exacerbated the situation, as we were left to wonder what was going on. Finally, the server came out, and I asked him what the problem was. He laughed and said that the food would be just a couple of minutes, then disappeared again. Ten minutes after this, still without food, is when I got really upset. Whatever the reason for the delay was, I would have preferred that our server had been honest with us about the situation, as opposed to laughing it off and lying about when the meal would be arriving. I left the table and went to the front desk to ask for a manager. I let the manager know our dissatisfaction. He apologized for the delay and offered us a complimentary pasta course while we waited. I accepted and went back to the table.  It was at this time that another manager came to the table to speak with me. This manager, Richard Douglass, immediately approached the situation in a confrontational manner, as if he was the wronged party somehow. At this point, I was very upset about how the evening had gone and I asked Mr. Douglass what was going on. He offered a series of insincere and condescending apologies, almost mocking me as our conversation continued. Mr. Douglass was treating the situation as if I was some petulant child that wasn't getting my way, as opposed to a diner that wanted nothing more than my very expensive meal to arrive in an appropriate timeframe. Mr. Douglas continued with his pompous attitude, without any appreciation of my concerns, instead pointing out that he did offer us complimentary pasta. I told him that he didn't get it, we didn't want pasta that we didn't order in the first place, we wanted our main course. He said, "fine, if you don't want the pasta then we won't bring it out." Our conversation continued and I asked him why it had been close to an hour since our appetizers were cleared and we were still without our main course. He said that it had only been thirty minutes. I told him no, it had been almost sixty minutes. He said, "sir, it has been half an hour. If you are going to argue with me about this, then this conversation is over." As upset as I was, I could tell that Mr. Douglass simply did not care and this conversation wasn't going anywhere so I said, "fine, the conversation is over." Amazingly, after all of this, it still took another ten minutes for our food to arrive. It so happened that the food was quite ordinary, but even if it was amazing, my meal had been ruined at this point. The bill came, and the best part was that because we were a party of eight, an automatic twenty percent gratuity was added to the bill. So the server got twenty percent of a close to $900 bill for basically abandoning ship once the problems started. On the way out of the restaurant, I again exchanged words with Mr. Douglass, explaining to him that I would be writing a letter to the corporate manager about the situation.. . I was in Las Vegas all week for a business convention, and the next morning I went to breakfast with some business associates. I brought up my experience from the previous evening, and one of the other men that I was with said he was at Carnevino two nights earlier and had the same exact problem. The food was very slow coming out, and he got into a similar argument with Richard Douglass about the situation. I hope that the Batali group receives enough negative feedback about Mr. Douglass and that something is done about the situation because the way that he treated our party that evening was nothing short of disgusting. Whether you are paying $20 for a meal or $1,000, the customer should be treated with some respect, not as though the restaurant is the one doing the customer the favor.
Worst meal we had in Vegas .  Steak tarta was the worst I've had. Octupus over cooked. Mixed grill unimpressive and the veal was a huge diassappointment so much so left more than 2/3rds.  Unfortunately make matters worse got sick from the food ruining  what we had planned as a special celebration
I will keep this short. This has to be the worst restaurant on the strip. Just because there is a famous name on the door doesn't mean they know everything. However the waiter we had thought he was the god of fine dining. This is the most pretentious and deceptive restaurant I have been to.  Going here you know you're going to spend a lot, no big deal. But to spend that and get the worst service is unacceptable. And of course nobody in the place cares because they have gratuity already added for large parties. Steak was good, but everything else ruins this place.. . Go down the hall to Delmonico and treat yourself to a great experience. If for some reason you decide to still try this place and your waiter introduces himself and his name is Gary, run as fast as you can.
Took my parents and Uncle here and was absolutely amazed at the not just bad but insulting service.  I travel and eat out for work all over the country and this experience ranks as the absolute worst.  Food actually was ok but I will never eat at another Mario B. restaurant or in this hotel again.
Last meal with Mario  We went to Carnevino for our last dinner in Vegas. After reading many reviews and being a huge fan of Mario's we were anticipating a delicious meal accompanied by an equally beautiful glass of vino. Upon arrival we were seated promptly. Our waiter was attentive and helpful with the menu.  The music was VERY loud (and I enjoy a restaurant with music and a lively vibe) but we literally had to yell at one another- but what made it worse was the music itself - it was heavy metal with copius amounts of screeching and truly made eating there unnerving. When we asked if they could change the music or turn it down the manager said the playlist is dictated from Mario himself and if he changed it or turned it down he could be fired.  Clearly Mario has an interesting bend to his music but forcing it onto his patrons in a way that just makes you want to get up and run rather than stay and enjoy the food seems like a poor choice.  . As for the food - the garlic butter tastes like hand lotion, my husbands venison came to the table raw and they cleared our wine glasses before the entrees were served   We had to ask for someone to find our waiter so we could get another drink.  When they brought the venison back after its 2nd trip to the kitchen it was over cooked and tasted like a wallet. . Sorry Mario we will not patronize any of your restaurants again.
We went there for dinner last night. at the suggestion of our son who ate there last week.  He told us to order the ribeye for two, but to pass on everything else.   Our son said to have dessert and coffee elsewhere.  The  food was good but not extraordinary.   The lardo tasted gross.   This "nice Jewish girl" actually tasted it!  . . The kicker to our experience there was the din that they called "music".  We were sitting at a table abutting a wall and the speakers (MANY OF THEM) are mounted on the wall.  We asked them if they could make the music lower.   NO!   That's the way Mario wants it, they responded.   Could they change the selection?   NO!   That's the way Mario wants it since he provides the restaurant with an Ipod with his selections on it and they have no leeway to deviate from his playlists.  They offered to change our table to an interior one, away from the wall, so we had our table changed, but that didn't help.    They were totally inflexible vis-a-vis the music.. . Only because of their arrogance and smugness have I given this restaurant only one star, grudgingly.  I do not intend to return.   Even at Vegas standards, it is very overpriced for what you get.
I was so disappointed. The meat was wonderful but the atmosphere and service were not up to the high price. The service was slow and all of the staff seem to be racing around.....literally  you are in the middle of a mad dash of the waiter. . And what is with the blaring music. Not the atmosphere I want to be in. Could not wait to leave
We wanted a relaxing dinner at a good steakhouse. The concierge at our resort recommended Carnevino. He was 4 star on one (the steak) and less than one star on the 'relaxing'  request. The room was lovely, mostly empty when we arrived, and they tried to seat us at a 4 top in the doorway between the 2 dining rooms, that would have one of our party partly blocking the flow of waiters and patrons moving between the rooms. We requested to be reseated and the second table was acceptable. Then the trouble began, the MUSIC was better suited to the Hard Rock Cafe and the volume of a major outdoor concert!!!  On  4 occasions we requested that the music be turned down, and it never was. Our waiter told us the manager refused to do that. I requested the manager come to the table to talk to us. That did not happen either.. Really good steakhouses are not that difficult to find.....especially with a $$$$ designation....so skip this one and go where a customer' reasonable request is given the curtesy of a response . And it was not just our table location, a walk through the room while leaving revealed the same decibel level throughout. So when you want to spend $500.00 (without wine) GO SOMEPLACE ELSE.
Unfortunately this was so disappointing.  I was expecting an amazing steakhouse experience based on other reviews I had read and the caliber of restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.  I thought when we first entered the restaurant and were greeted by our waiter we were in for a real treat.  I love the steakhouse experience and was excited to try this one.  It just didn't live up to my expectations.  The music was too loud and maybe inappropriate for a steak house.... Loud Rock music?? I don't know, maybe it just wasn't to my taste.  The service staff was courteous and knowledgeable and started off on the right foot, but turned out to be just too slow.  And the food wasn't good, the wine was good, the sides were good, the bread was good, but the star of the show..... not so much.  I mean it's a steak house, you go for the amazing sides and the meat but especially the meat and this just didn't live up.  . . We had an early reservation at 5PM because we were attending a show and we opted for the prefix theater menu thinking only to save a little time to make our 7 o'clock show.  We let the waiter know we were going to want the fast track and he confirmed with us it would be no problem, they serve pre-theater guests all the time.  We were sorry we had to rush our meal, but we figured an hour and 45 minutes should be enough time.  It wasn't.. . When ordering our meat we were told this restaurant doesn't follow the normal cooking standard for beef.  For example if you want your meat medium rare you should order it medium. We confirmed our understanding with the waiter of the cooking temps and ordered our meal. And from here on it went down hill. When our meat FINALLY came they were all over cooked and bland.   I mean, no flavor in the beef at all.  I make better steak than this.  We asked the waiter over and let him know they were all wrong and he offered to send them back for us (as he should).... but at this point, we were out of time.  So we asked for butter, salt and pepper (ridiculous to have to season your own meat at the table of a steakhouse!) and ate.. . We asked for the manager to come over so we could let him know we were disappointed and when he finally showed up he did what he could and was courteous about the whole thing.  Unfortunately you just can't make up for bland food and slow service.  . . I just can't recommend this restaurant.  I wish I could but if you're looking for a great steak house experience, this isn't the place.
Came in with a group of 9 . We all ordered our steaks medium to medium well . They were all brought out extremely rare . 5 steaks needed to be sent back . When they were brought back out the streaks were still rare . When we asked the waiter why that was , his response was that most chefs will cook a steak a little more rare than you ask for it . If that's the case why ask for a temperature at all?  Aside from that complete debacle , I ordered the filet mignon . It was not seasoned and tasted completely pathetic. I could not believe this place considers itself a premier steak house . This experience was completely horrendous. Manager did take off 3 steaks from the meal but our check was still 1100+ bucks . Everyone left more than half of each steak uneaten. Do NOT eat here if your in town . There are plenty of other options - Try Craft steaks at the MGM
This is one too many stars based solely on the service. The food was good. Our dinner started fine, but then a large group came in and our table of six was forgotten. No one checked on us after we received our entrees. We then asked to see a manager. He came over and listened to our complaint then disappeared for 10 minutes. Came back over and said we were paying for the food we ate not the service, which included the tip. No adjustments were made. Second manager said same thing. Our bill was $1500.00. All we wanted was to eliminate the tip. The managers were very condescending and rude.  We have been to over a dozen steak houses in Vegas and never had such poor and rude service. Will never go back.
I have eaten at CV several times, including hosting a business dinner there 3 years ago.  I was in Vegas this past weekend with 3 others for my birthday and they took me to CV to celebrate.  I was fired up as my previous dinners were awesome there.  Unfortunately, this was a disaster.  We were seated in the main dining room at 9:50, 20 min late but no problem.  Our table had a very strong breeze, ice cold, directly on us and the girls were freezing.  We asked to be moved and the next table had the same issue.  In fact, all the tables available had the same issue.  We were informed that all the dining rooms were linked by the same HVAC system and if it were to be moderated in the main rom, then the other rooms would get too warm.  Has anyone heard of balancing a system.  The wait staff gave the girls chef coats to warm them up as it was unbearable in a strapless dress while trying to eat.  Lets move to the music.  It was BLASTING loud and it was bad.  Some speed metal totally inappropriate for a nice restaurant.  Our group goes to rock concerts all the time, and we like music, this was some obscure metal band and it was thunderingly loud.  Even the staff hated it.  We were told that it was "Mario's own play list".   Finally, lets turn to the food. Me and my buddy split the bone in ribeye, usually my favorite.  This piece of meat wasn't just well marbled like it should have been, but it was gristly.  Tough strands of solid gristle ran through the meat.    All the sides got cold in 5 min due to the cold win blowing on the table.The whole experience was a disaster.  Only good thing was the wait staff who were great, except for the snotty, gum chewing hostess.  My last time spending that kind of cash for that crapy experience when there are so many good choices in Vegas.
I've been to Las Vegas about 11 times. I understand and appreciate the opportunity to make reservations at these, "high end" restaurants or else you don't get seated. . . I made the reservation, gave my cc over the phone about a week in advance for dinner on a Tuesday night for 4. . We showed up for our table and they said it would be a bit because they don't have room.  In fact, there were multiple other parties, awaiting for their 8pm reservations and here we stand, waiting past 8:30. . This is unacceptable.  We made reservations, for 4, more than 6 days in advance and flew to Las Vegas for a special dinner and here we stand.  Hungry, 30 minutes past our confirmed time and the staff did not care.  They weren't even phased by the situation, as if were a normal occurrence. . This is not okay. . . I have not eaten here.  At this point I might never give them my business. I made reservations, they called me and confirmed the day of and then when we showed up, they had no tables and we ate elsewhere.. . Thank you for spoiling my reservation Carnevino.  Thank you.
The steaks here were a disappointment.  . . My bar for steaks is my previous dining experience at Mastro's in L.A. and Peter Luger in NYC.. . We ordered the dry-aged, bone-in rib eye medium rare.  The steak was brought to the table on a wooden chopping block and the server sliced the meat off of the bone and into several slices.  The meat was listless, tasteless and sinewy.  The side dishes were just alright.  The shitake mushrooms were on the salty side.. . There was a silver lining, the rack of lamb was well executed, very tender and the highlight of the meal.. . If you want a better steak though, head over to Cut and grab one of their American wagyu, it was much better.
Mario Batali's, Carnevino started out with lots of excitement on our part, but sadly it was an overpriced flop., you have the distinction of being my first YELP review, I have never been moved enough to bother writing a review. Sadly, the overpriced, lackluster fare at Carnevino made our trip to Vegas a bit of a sour experience and will remain with us for some time.. . Located in The Palazzo, Carnevino semi-failed from the get-go. While it maintains the top-notch customer service and decadent, chic decor expected of a high-end Vegas establishment, the ambience was marred by the raucous sound of Beastie Boys blaring from the stereo system. I'm not necessarily opposed to them, but didn't jive well with the up-scale venue.  This is probably a great way not have people linger after their dinners so that they can turn their table over. What a disgrace, you come to what you believe is a fine dinning establishment and get treated like high school kids at 7-Eleven during lunch hour where they play loud music outside the store to keep the kids from hanging out. Truly gives new meaning to used cars sales even for Vegas!!. . In keeping with the slimy used cars salesman approach, the menu was sneaky too. So, watch out! Case in point, the prices listed for the pastas range from $17-$31; however, these are for appetizer portions only. An additional $15 needs to be tacked on for the entree size, making them the most ridiculously priced pasta plates I have ever seen anywhere in the world including New York, LA, San Fran, Rome, Paris....you get the picture. Pasta is  to be Al dente but not crunchy Al dente!!!! Chef Batali you need to spend some time in restaurants you lend your name to!!. . The Piece de resistance, keeping the used cars salesman  was the steak for two, it  is listed as $72, but it's $72 PER PERSON, making it a whopping $144.  A steak legitimately worth that much wouldn't be for eating, as it should be plated in precious metals and embedded with Swarovski crystals. . . What a sham, but we ordered it anyway, and let me tell you it should be in the Swarovski crystals, because it certainly looked better than it tasted. No seasoning or flavor to it all, maybe some Sea salt at least would have helped, but nothing seemed to have been added as seasoning.. . The appetizers were actually pretty good, and I'd recommend getting the SPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE, other than the crunchy pasta (and I do mean crunchy not Al  Dente), the seafood and sauce were cooked very well save for one prawn that would have been great in a Ceviche or Sushi dish..  For an establishment that boasts "the highest-quality, excellently prepared steaks" I was seriously expecting more than used cars salesman tactics and at best OK food. The prices and the venue promise top class fine dining establishment but it fails to deliver on all aspects of is required to establish this. The servers are at best a an upgrade on Outback Steakhouse and only because of how they dress,  when clearing items from table (you don't reach across, and lady's first). I know it seems petty but when you are selling top notch by what you are charging then that what will be expected. Not so at this establishment, and if this were Europe this restaurant would not last a year, because there restaurants don't survive merely on the owners name and clearly this one has no more to offer than that. . . .Needless to say, save yourself the aggravation and frustration and just stand outside and take a picture because the picture will certainly have better memories that the experience at Carnevino because just like the restaurant it's all about the glitz but substance. Avoid at all costs and if you are ther eon a conference get your party to spend their time more wisely somewhere where it more about the substance than the look of the establishment.. . What a shame Mr. Batali, you have abused the peoples good will and taken advantage of the position the public has put you in, remember it doesn't last forever. There is absolutely no excuse for the price versus quality of service and food as well as the ambiance that is provided in the room by both the servers and the music selections. This type of sham is inexcusable in today's day and age, rest assured that my family and I will never again enter an establishment that you are associated with in any way. This has also taught be a valuable lesson that we should all take the time to not only review the bad but also the good, which I will be doing moving forward.  I gave it 1 star based on the seafoodin the pasta dish otherwise no stars!
I had a gift certificate or otherwise I would never have gone there.  (Not a meat eater).  However, for the high cost, I find it inexcuseable that they could ruin a simple lobster tail.(5 oz at the most!!! very, very small).  Tough and cold, with no butter or lemon served alongside.   . We ordered two side dishes; the cauliflower gratin and the broccolli with bits of pork.  The broccoli was cold and very salty.  The cauliflower was raw with melted cheese on top!  The only thing worth eating was the warm Saffron rice pudding for dessert.  . I was very disappointed and think the entire evening was a waste of time.  I do not reccomend this restaurant for anyone who isn't a meat junkie.
What a joke. I must preface my review by saying that I'm not accustomed to eating at restaurants like this, where prices are so high you need to mortgage your house just to have dinner. But I was vacationing in Vegas with a large group of friends and this is where they wanted to eat. So I gave it a shot!. . One quick glance at the menu and I knew I was going to break the bank. I took a moment to map out my game plan and decided on ordering the ravioli plus a side item so my wallet wouldn't take too much of a beating. My wife, also alarmed by the prices decided to order the gnocchi and a side item (quick recap, with a little wine we're way over $100 at this point. ouch). . My first red flag should have been when the waiter pointed out that the "ravioli" was actually a "raviol-o" - as in singular - as in just one piece of ravioli - as in what the hell? I scratched my head. $25 for 1 ravioli?? The price must be wrong or it must be a huge, delicious, giant, thick piece of ravioli. I asked the waiter to describe it and with his hands he made a rather large circle. So I assumed it would be a decent sized dish. OK I'll order it.. . HA! 45 minutes later (yes 45 minutes) I was served the tiniest, thinnest, smallest ravioli you have ever seen. It was roughly the the size and thickness of a ritz cracker. 1 cracker. for $25!! Then came my "side item", also rather small. I wish I had a stopwatch at the dinner table - it took me about 45 seconds to eat everything. Roughly 3 spoonfuls and I was done!. . My friends (all of whom have large bank accounts) ordered many dishes. I was shocked at how small everything was. A a spoonful here, a tiny dollop there, and somehow these "dishes" were worthy of $50 price tags. I just sat there in disbelief. I sat there watching other people eat because I had already blown my $100 on my single ravioli and my wifes pasta. . . In the end our bill came out to roughly $200 - for two people who basically ate nothing and drank a little wine. It was so bad it ended up ruining the rest of my night. I was not a happy camper and while everyone else went back to gambling I grabbed a slice of pizza at the hotel (delicious, i should have eaten there) and went to my room to watch tv. . . Look - I understand that there are lots of people out there with money to burn who like to live that way - they're willing to spend $50 on a tiny scoop of pasta because the restaurant is "exclusive" and has a big fancy chef's name attached to it - but give me a break! My "raviolo" didn't even taste good! It had almost no flavor and my side dish tasted microwaved. My wife said her gnocchi was fine but she had tasted better pasta at small chain restaurants back home. . . My wife summed it up best when she turned to me at the table and whispered: this is the most pretentious place I have ever been to in my life.. . 0 stars if I could.
You would think for the price you pay here, you would get at the very least good, decent service.. . Took the groom and the groomsmen to this fancy place trying to have a memorable experience.  Bad decision!. . Waiter was slow, service was slow, food was slow.. . When I tried to complain to the Manager on duty, Tyler, he didn't even have the decency to look like he was even interested in what I had to say.. I'm not typically the type to complain, I'm quite easy going when it comes to restaurant services, but the horrible service and bad experience we were having prompted me to talk to the manager.  . . On top of the bad service, the steaks were NOT THAT GREAT!  I've had better elsewhere.... . You are essentially paying for crap service and crap food if you go here...AVOID.
We had a reservation for 10 people.... it was 20 minutes before we were served water. 45 minutes before we had a cocktail...1 hour before they took an order which in it self was a process! They insisted we do family style...we agreed being easy. They tried to sell us seven different styles of meat.  We had to insist on other dishes to please everyone at the table. The appetizers came out and each person started out with one or two clams, by the time it came around to me I had One. The gnocchi came out and again everyone had three by the time it came around my husband and I had one. We ordered a second round of gnocchi and again we had one gnocchi.  The steak was so rare, it looked as if if was right off of the animal.  Not everyone cares for their steak raw, they could have asked us if anyone needed their steak cooked more.  Meanwhile, it was so loud we could hardly speak to the person next to you let alone the person across from you. My husband kept being knocked into by the waiters, as it was tight for the waiters to get through the tables. All in all the service was horrific. We spent generously with only two bottles of wine our bill was $2100 with a %20 tip included. The lamb chops were divine! That was all I had one Lamb chop.  My husband felt the meat had Aged far too long, and the taste was "tainted"  Not one person at the table had a nice comment on the meat that was served. The waiters were rude and over worked.  I kept looking or borrowing a fork.  The service was just terrible.   What a bummer for a big dinner party.  Money was no object for us.  We were incredibly disappointed in this restaurant. Our miserable experience took a total of three hours.
Terrible food, small plates and way to expense, 5 pieces of gnochi for $17.
I almost don't even know where to start. I went here on Valentines Day and the thing that I will always remember about CV is that you do not go to nice restaurants on Valentines Day. . . I had 7:30 reservations for two. Arrived two minutes late, but was promptly seated. Good start. Its a beautiful restaurant and I like how they store the wine in the Cabinets all around you.. . Our server, JB , came over to introduce himself and the menu. Here is where things start to go South. I mentioned that I had been looking at the menu online in anticipation of what was to be an amazing dinning experience. He still tells us to look it over and proceed to visit every table around us for the next 31 minutes.  He finally comes back, and takes our dinner order and drink order. 15 minutes later the drink arrives. So lets recap: 31 mins to place dinner order when I said I already knew what I wanted, and 46 minutes to get a drink.  . . The Salads were the best part of the whole experience. Zach's chopped Salad was very good, if a little heavy on the hominy. The standard 'Caesar'( although they don't call it that) is also very good. . . 45 minutes after I get my 1st drink The food arrives, total time in seat ~1.5 hours. . . The steak looked amazing , it was the $150 aged, bone-in Ribeye for two. JB said it was what they are known for. The tableside preparation was nice and it really is a big hunk of meat, but at the very end they "season" it by putting two crystals of sea salt on the massive amount of steak and then drown it in olive oil.   . . (Side Note: I said Hello and Happy V-Day to another server who was helping JB cut and serve the steak. he rolled his eyes and let out a sigh, to which JB replied " only a couple more hours man".... I'm right freaking next to you dude, I have ears! WTF?). . But Back to the steak. It was tasteless, it had no flavor, other than olive oil. The texture was great but there was just nothing to get excited over. I should have just sent it back and ordered something else.   . . Instead, I asked for two different sauces, a Gorgonzola and something else. Both just sucked.  The gorgonzola was like a semi-solid cheese paste.. . We had also ordered a maine lobster tail, trying to make our own surf-and-turf  for the special occasion.  Of course, JB forgot to enter it into the system so it never arrived. . . I had had just about enough of this Joke of Service being rendered to us and I asked to talk to the General Manager, JB heard something else because the floor supervisor or assistant manager or something came over, I told him I was in the QSR industry and how much the service and food were lacking , he didn't care. The only thing he listened to was when I said I am not trying to get out of paying the bill, then he said okay, picked up my card and rang it. . . I never , ever ask to see management. I guess in my mind I was thinking that if I let him know now, how awful the service and product was, he would take control of the situation, try and rectify it in some way , any way... Yes a discount or removal of stuff from my ticket would have been nice and probably the right thing to do. He did absolutely nothing. So Congrats Dude! I am now an ANTI-Brand Ambassador for Carnevino and I will be sure to tell everyone that I can.. . Finally wrapping up dinner, I usually drink more during special occasions and like to finish it off with espresso after a nice dessert, I did neither, I just wanted out of there. I had my $150 dollar steak wrapped up and they brought the claim ticket out, after talking to the manager-whatever I tore up my ticket and left it on the table. . . Now that my review is almost over I feel better letting the world know what to expect from this place. I would really like to be contacted by someone @Palazzo or CV , but in the Corporate, Dollar 1st Attitude that predominates the strip now I seriously doubt that will happen. . . And Hotel/Casinos wonder why they have a hard time bringing locals to the Strip? . . Truly a Zero Star Review.
Went for dinner on 2/23/13. The waiter almost never checked on our table. It got to the point where I had to ask the waitress working the tables to our left to serve us. Her name is Danielle and she provided TOP notch service. Carnevino is lucky to have such a customer service driven employee working for them. . . I ordered the filet medium rare. My steak arrived to the table cold in the center and luke warm on the outside. After waiting 15 min of waiting our server came over, and he took the steak back to the kitchen. It came back reheated... so it was now luke warm in the middle and warm on the outside. I cut again into the middle and was not even warm. I stopped eating and asked to speak with the manager. . . I expressed my concerns to the manager and his response was "Well you ordered it medium rare so its never going to be warm in the middle. What would you like me to do for you?" I was kind of taken back by his response. I asked him to take the steak off the bill which he agreed to. Either way, I wont be going back here.
Worst customer service ever!  Wouldn't split our check.  Expected us to do it ourselves.  What did we get for $290 tip?
Crap. Indeed such crap it single handedly put me on a "Famous Chef" hiatus.  My wife and I went to Carnevino just for a quick bite. We ordered of the Taverna menu as we didn't want the full "experience.". The menu came, dirty, stained, and torn; nasty. The server brought out "a complement from the chef" some cold, greasy, hush-puppy like dough ball. I asked if it were supposed to be warm and the server said "yes." Well, sorry to surprise you, it wasn't.. We ordered the arugula salad, tagliatelle with porcini, and the house made pastrami sandwich. The arugula salad was in a bath of white vinegar and nearly inedible. The tagliatelle was salty enough to choke a cow and cows lick pure salt! But worse, far worse, worst of all, was the pastrami sandwich; two massive slabs of dry, crumbly bread, more arugula, and the thinnest of thin slices of pastrami. I didn't see any pastrami so I opened the sandwich removed a slice to taste the pastrami. I still don't know what it tastes like! The horseradish mustard overpowered everything. I combined the two halves of the sandwich into one and it STILL had less pastrami than a sandwich you'd find in a vending machine at a train station yet just as appetizing!. From now on, If I don't SEE that damn famous chef in his/her restaurant, I'm not eating there. Never, ever again.
1) Wine took 30 minutes to get to the table. 2) Waiter was more interested in himself and did a poor job representing the menu.. 3) Plates left on the table too long.. 4) Steak was bland and had no flavor,  I asked for A1.  . . Do not believe the hype.  This restaurant did not live up to the reviews.  I rather eat a Slim Jim than pay for a tasteless $70 steak.
Don't bother.. . Yes, I know I go to a steak house. Yes I know I am going to drop some coin. Yes I know there is a "celebrity's" name attached to the place so I am paying a bit for that as well. Yes I am fine with that.......... . . For that I can expect excellent service, a well paced meal, superb food, knowledgeable staff, and a comfortable setting. . . Except we got 1 out of 5......... Never got to the main course, we experienced ignorance and indifference from both staff and "manager". So we walked out after the appetizers. No sense in throwing good money after bad.
Ok food...horrible service.  I guess if you have a party of 6 or more and they have their automatic gratuity added...they can deliver horrible service....first round of drinks took forever.  No request for second rounds.  We sat for 30 minutes with a clear table and we finally found our waiter to ask for our check...waited another 20 to actually get the check....gratuity is for good service.  We've eaten at many other fine dining establishments in Vegas and will return to one of them next time.  A horrible dinner to celebrate a very special occasion.
Let me begin by saying I got a yelp account specifically to give this restaurant one star. First of all the prices are unbelievably high. Now that in itself doesn't completely turn me away, however I do expect top notch quality and service if I'm going to pay 144 dollars for a steak. This was far from the case. The waiter did not seem knowledgable in steaks aside from how to steer you away from the reasonably priced filet mignon. . . The ribeye for two that me and my brother shared came out freezing cold and extremely undercooked. Not only that but the meat was chewy and some pieces were down right not edible. "The best steak in Las Vegas"? I think not!. . My recommendation, go to Ruth's Chris in harrah's and get a 50 dollar steak that won't disappoint.
I guess I'm simply getting tired of the hype steakhouse / Vegas Hotel over priced lets put a top shelf name on the door charge exuberant pricing then deliver about 25% of what it is worth.  One of the most disappointing meals in a very long time. . . 9 Of us for dinner this evening for my birthday and we are seated nicely in the external wine room with a large table.  Asethically pleasing our sommellier gives us some reccomendations from this 500 Plus wine list that is so completely and utterly over priced I can't even begin to believe they have the balls to charge some of these numbers.   OK high rent Palazzo hotel you go with the flow.  A nice Pinot Noir and Super Tuscan are selected as we await our waiter Shep.  . . Some friend bread with cheese is presented along with some very nice hot bread with a variety of butters.  Bread has a rosemary type garlic topping very good.  Unfortunately this is where the majority of the meal goes down hill.  . . Multiple appetizers ordered Shirmp Ala Diablo $19.00 1 giant shrimp with a piece of italian bread in a spicy marinara sauce.  Specia Beef Cheek ravioli with a cream sauce topped with a drizzle of balsalmic vinegar was different.  An Angoltti was then presented with cream & mushroom..  other end of table had very nice Big Eye sushi tuna cut very thin told fresh.  House salads were ample not lacking in flavor. . . Entrees. 3 Veal Chops 2 cooked perfection 1 so fatty it was sent back and taken off the bill $85.00 each for a veal chop good but certainly not $85.00 worth and thats ala carte.   How can you serve a fatty $85.00 chop though? ....  Rib Eye steak again massively overpriced ok but nothing special.  Two veal dishes with musrooms were ICE COLD and had to be sent back.. Came back hot next time but so quickly can't imagine they weren't just nuked.  Pasta with assorted shellfish was fresh if not bland and a bone in Fitlet migon was probably best thing on table.  A non bone in filet and $40.00 lobster tail again COLD you really have to be kidding here. . . Side dishes were in short aside from the garlic mashed potatoes a complete and utter disappointiment from the fried eggplant, to spinach with hot peppers BAD.. . Nice zeppoles and whipped cream for the birthday boy for desert.   Service was on but they simply coulnd't handle how busy they were.  . . Goes to show you, put branding on anything and you can sell Ice to Eskimos.  2K with tax and tip when all was said and done, it I have to be honest this was truly an untter and complete disappointment.  Probably worth 2 Stars but with these price points, a veal chop going back, two veal dishes ice cold, a lobster tail and filet cold for all the Zagat ratings, all the clippings and my fellow yelpsters I DO NOT UNDERSTAND all the high rankings.. This is a DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY place that will never see us again.
The bland steak was not worth the price you paid. & to top off my experience here, the waiter messed up the amount on my check and charged me over $350 for my $60 bill. The restaurant fixed the issue but my bank couldn't release my money until my vacation ended. Complained to the manager but all he said was "it's not our fault". Are you serious? Your waiter clearly caused the problem in the first place. Thanks for ruining my last couple of days in Vegas Carnevino! Never coming back again.
Chew, Chew then search for a polite way to empty your mouth.  Their steaks were non-edible.  With 5 in our party and with a beautiful porterhouse and ribeye we started in with the expectation of an enjoyable meal.  After the first bite we began hoping the next would be better.  By the third piece I was only hoping for a piece I could swallow.  After complaining to the manager he wanted to give us free dessert.  I don't eat dessert.  I went there for the steak alone.   I told him we would give them another chance, after all everyone can have an off day.  After a long story about how they feed their cattle and prepare their steaks we received no resolve, no discount towards another meal...nothing.  The manager was arrogant enough to claim they could never have prepared a steak as we (5 of us) had claimed.  We have all eaten at the Palm, DelFresco, Morton's and others.  Mario Batalia should be ashamed of this experience we encountered and embarrassed by how his staff treated us.  For a good steak and dining experience, stay away from this restaurant.
I work in the industry and I never wrote any reviews but this was the worst experience in my life!. Caprese was delicious and this star is for the salad cause the rest was a nightmare.. $50 for filet that appeared to be sitting on the pure white plate just by itself. I mean nothing, literary nothing but a filet on the plate. Side of eggplants was tasteless! Duck breast was served with duck confit, that was over cooked. Both duck and filet came up with a wrong temperature. We decided to spend dessert money in some other place and left. . Horrible restaurant!
If this were a few months after it opened, I would have given five stars.  Now this place is a shadow.  Service is poor, prices are super high, and they have no clue how to cook meat.  Last two times everything comes out rare, regardless of what you order.  I always order medium well, last two times the meat is pretty much purple/red inside.  Sent it back both times and they returned with charred bits.  The second time I asked to speak with a manager, after expressing my displeasure with the porterhouse and he said that my party had eaten enough (roughly 2 pieces between 3 people ~10-15%) to be charged and they would do nothing about it on the bill.  In my 30 years of eating out, I have never felt compelled to not leave a tip.  I not only left no tip, but the remainder of the destroyed porterhouse.  Don't mind overpaying for a quality meal/experience, but Carnevino is not worth the hassle.  Give me a break Mario.
Oversold, overpriced and undercooked.  Very disappointing   especially for the price - Had the 144 dollar Ribeye for 2.   Waiter used bare fingers to sprinkle salt on steak at table - . Steak had too much grizzle and fatty.  Staff is well trained to sell you on the most expensive but don't fall for it.  Eggplant appetizer was very good though.
Quick note-my star ratings are always based on the food, period. You can  literally go and look at the pricing on any menu in the world and decide if you want to pay $72 for a ribeye.  The exact price is available to all of us. Yelp is to help us understand what we are getting for that $72. Service should be noted in the review but not the star rating in my opinion.  Too variable even at the same restaurants. So I note it, but don't rate on it. . . Short review-Carnevino is a giant fail at the first part of their name, the beef. Not only isn't it close to what a high end restaurant should be serving, my own home cooking is much, much better than the beef my two friends and I received.  The rest of the food we got was very good to great, especially the pasta, but I will note that even for those dishes there are much better options on the strip.  Certainly cheaper ones, though again that didn't factor in to the one star rating.. . Longish review- Carnevino started off quite well.  Their house bread was very good, they serve it with butter or pork fat and my friend loved the pork fat option.  Amuse Bouche was a cheese ball, not very good. Dry.  We got lobster tail and scallops as appetizers, both very good, definitely expertly cooked.  The pasta was excellent, ravioli with egg, ricotta and brown butter was great and the anolini with lobster and tarragon I'd eat again in a heartbeat. Understand that although they claim these are served "family style" there isn't much there in each plate. 1 large ravioli. 7 small anolini. . . We also ordered the gnocchi, but only just before the entrees were set to come out. The waiter actually looked annoyed by my request, then recovered and said ok.  My friend asked me if I had received his permission?  The gnocchi itself was probably below average, but I'd eat it again. . . The entrees were the disaster here. I got short ribs, my friends got the filet and a NY Strip respectively. All were at that quality level where you are in the supermarket and you talk yourself into a subpar cut because it's on sale... Then later you are kicking yourself. One of my friends works at a meat lab, he knows his stuff. He asked the waiter what BBL Beef is. The waiter explained at length, and when he walked off my friend explained that he should've just said "sub-prime". . . My short rib was both dry and incorrectly braised because it still had pockets of stringy fat on it.  They make you pay $5 for sauce, which I used liberally because it was very tasty, but more to moisten the short rib.  Tom Colicchio isn't losing any sleep about Battali stealing his short rib crown. Bleah. . . If this were the only restaurant in your hometown, I'd say take a fat wallet and go for the pasta. Since this is in Las Vegas, I'd say go to any number of better options. Craftsteak. Delmonicos. Stripsteak. I could go on and on.  No need to risk it here, and no need to pay so dang much either.
The beet ravioli was gross, my hubby's steak needed salt, and service was slow. At least the waiter comped the ravioli since he was the one who suggested it. Won't be back.
NOT recommended. HIGHLY Overrated. My review may have been different if we had beef, however, BATALLI restaurant.. HELLO!!!. It started with my wife ordering a Spanish Coffee with a return, deer in the headlamps gaze, and I, a Chopin Vodka. she was brought a cup of coffee with the  booze in a glass and an apology, " we don't have whipped cream". I was simply told that we don't have Chopin...I simply asked for anything potato (not a snob, just like potato vodka). Another apology...we don't have potato vodka...ok, Stoli on the rocks.. OK, on to the food...we ordered Scallops that came to the table cold and undercooked, my wife ordered the Italian Sausage pasta (ORECCHIETTE) and I the Lobster pasta (ANOLINI) and a side of Broccoli. My wife's pasta was undercooked but otherwise had good flavor, the ANOLINI was just bland and the portion just to small as an entre, the Broccoli was over cooked to the point that you could not cut it with the knife provided, and was tasteless. YES, my expectations were high, anyone with a TV should have high expectations as well...So, sorry to say, the only memorable thing about this experience was not forgetting to write this review when we got home.
With all of the options available we tried this place for thanksgiving dinner.   I ordered the filet mid rare. It took them an hour and a half for them to bring my meal way under. So for a $50. Filet I decided to send it back. When they brought it back to me it was clear to me they tried to get it up to temp by only reheating one side of this piece of meat. I sent it back again and asked for the check. . Joe and Mario would not be pleased.
As a Texan and an afficianado of prime beef, Carnevino is bad beyond belief. The signature bone-in ribeye was flavorless, excessively fatty (even for a ribeye) and not tender. I would not have paid five dollars for this $70+ steak. A total disaster.
