Honestly wish I could give it zero stars based on today... ? Security is beyond the worst. Check in with the airline was smooth, thats about it.. I'm sure its not this bad everyday, or it would be on the news and or shutdown from the lack of business....
CLT is a pathetic airport for commuters who have to fly from smaller cities. The E concourse is getting further and furhter away from the gates to the flagship flights of US Airways. Half the time walking sidewalks are inoperable, and if you have less than 15 minutes (due to the wonderful on time of  US Airways Express (outsourced and don't care) then you will miss your flight. They could care less regardless of your status, and are now adding more gates at E.  (Up to 50 I believe, and no fast way to to get to B or C concourse). Obviously they care nothing about the deregulation that then the airlines elected the HUB and spoke philosophy. Trust me it DOES NOT work!  Will they ever listen to their customers, and especially the business traveler who kept them in business after 911 since we were the only ones who continued to fly.. At this point I don't think they care.
Is it a North Carolina thing to have bathroom attendants in every men's room, hustling to give you a piece of paper towel from the automatic dispenser and ingratiating himself for tips?  This is not a nightclub, right?  And if it is, it is the worst nightclub airport in the world.
As a frequent flyer, I avoid this airport.  It seems that a preponderance of the time that I have the unavoidable misfortune of connecting through Charlotte Douglas something invariably goes wrong.  On a recent international flight, our arrival at the gate was delayed and our luggage retrieval was further delayed by 45 minutes due to a lack of ground crew and baggage handlers.  Typical mishaps for a poorly managed airport.  Please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport.
I'm not sure which is the worse nightmare. Living in Charlotte [ which unfortunately I did, for 8 tortuous months ]  or flying out of this dump of an airport. . . Bathrooms are filthy, and always stink [ regardless of day, hour, season ] You can always guarantee rude employees, especially ones from US Airways who feel they are doing you a favor. I had a roach crawl out of my pizza box from pizza hut back in 1997. Restaurants suck the big one, all corporately herded chains. [ Of course if you live in this dump of a city, you're used to this ]  Always a packed airport at any given hour of the day, never any room to move.. . Parking would be the worst, if you live in the Corporate Herd Hole. The City of Charlotte forces you to use there lots. There aren't any private lots? No! Their isn't! YOU READY? You have 2 options! You can fight all the other ass taking corporate employees who live in Charlotte and work for banks or corporations for parking spots or  you can go to the "valet parking" lot at an additional rape price.. . I have a V for vendetta against Charlotte and this shithole of an aiport.
Yea, they have rocking chairs, but what about service at the other end of the flight? I am still wwwwaaaaiiiittttiiiinnngggg for my bag from flight US 2618 from MEM. Been here 30 minutes and still wwwaaaaiiiiiitttttiiiinnnggg. Can't they find an industrial engineer to do a time study and develop a better plan for moving bags from E concourse to baggage claim? So I am writing this review while wwwaaaiiittttiiiinnnnnggg and have reduced my rating from 2 stars to 1. Can't go to zero so my review is done even if everyone from MEM is still wwwwaaaaaiiiiitttttiiiiinnnnggggg.......
OK, so there's nothing horribly bad or incredibly wonderful about this airport, but the restroom attendants are totally creepy.  They're also unnecessary--there are plenty of airports that don't have creepy attendants and which have pristine restrooms.  The last thing I want in a public bathroom is some overly enthusiastic dude getting all up in my grill wishing me a wonderful day and trying to push paper towels into my hand.  The obnoxious obviousness for tips is annoying as well.  Why should I help subsidize the salary of an airport employee just because I took a whiz?  Get rid of these dookie denizens so people can do their business in peace and not get hit up for cash.
This airport has ridiculously long lines.  Overpriced food at airports is a given, but the sandwiches & wraps at Ciao were borderline edible.  And, over an hour delay for our flight due to construction on the runway.. . Yes there are cute rocking chairs but they are usually occupied.
worst airport experience EVER...everyone was extremely rude....a lady at the information desk ignored us while talking it up with her boyfriend..but to start....the customs process takes FOREVER. they ask the most inappropriate questions ( how come you and your girlfriend arent married?). rude rude rude...then the whole TSA  experience OMG... lines 250 people deep and you can see other people naked on the x ray screens and they will actually pat your testicles... we only had a hour and a half layover  on the same plane in the same seats with the same luggage ....my girlfriends luggage still hasnt shown up even though they charged us 100$ for the 2 checked bags ( us airways doesnt tell you they charge you 2x for your bags even though its a round trip..who am i to assume the initial 50 in the round trip confirmation wasnt enough or was i to assume that US airways expects you to come home with less luggage then you go on vacation with (gifts??? duh)).....worst experience ever....bathrooms were out of paper, piss everywhere, and we almost missed our connection ON THE SAME PLANE
Your Free Wi-Fi is totally useless. Maybe you should spring a couple of bucks and throw it in as a reliable courtesy instead of having AOL sponsor. AOL is about as relevant as Windows 3.1; isn't it neat how you don't have to type those DOS prompts anymore? No, really though, we'd prefer a service that works for a fee than one that doesn't for free. Thanks for screwing up 2 hours of my day in which I planned to get some work done at the airport! YOU GOT MAIL (AOL voice)
Like long lines and employees who LIE than CLT is the place for you. I was flying US airs and they are just as awful. This place is a joke and I will no longer be flying anywhere what would require using CLT. I had my husband 1 baby 1 4 yr old and my 70 yr old grandmother and they told me to go through the family line for security. I went through and this rude "renta cop" said that the line was ONLY for employees, pushed us into another line that took 45 minutes to get through. I turn around and hes letting everyone and their brother go through that line. He just didnt want to deal with the stroller or the kids. HES AN ASS!
We are in the midst of a very stressful transition, moving across the country from Charleston, SC to Portland, OR, in order to access better educational and therapeutic resources for our daughter Camille, who has Cerebral Palsy. . . One US Airways Charlotte gate agents, Connie Owens, took it upon herself this morning to make our travel even more difficult, stressful, and inconvenient. I do not have sufficient words to express my absolute disgust and disappointment with Ms Owens' lack of compassion, flexibility and courtesy.  . . We have flown with our daughter many times in the past eight years, usually taking US Airways because your crews have been unfailingly helpful, sympathetic and courteous.  Until now.  . . Camille is now twelve years old, nearly 100 pounds, and almost five feet tall.  She is non-ambulatory, non-verbal, has autistic-like sensitivities, and often will require one or more diaper changes on a long flight.  Consequently, we always sit as close to the back of the plane as possible, as she is much too large to change in the tiny bathroom, and past flight crews have been very accommodating in arranging to either block off the aisle, screen off the last row of seats, or allow us to use the floor of the galley when everything is locked down After service.  . . We were explaining this to the flight crew and Ms Owens when she took it upon herself to insist that that absolutely could not be done, that we were only allowed to change Camille in the bathroom, which is physically impossible, and to aggressively verbally berate my wife Christina over wanting to make some arrangement so that we could get to our destination with a minimum of discomfort and inconvenience to ourselves and our fellow passengers.  . . Her aggression set off our daughter into a loud and prolonged screaming fit.  Rather than wait for the meltdown to pass, or to back off and give us a chance to calm our daughter, Ms Owens immediately contacted security to have us removed from the plane, which was unnecessary, humiliating, and a tremendous inconvenience.  . . The security manager, Mike, was extremely kind, courteous and helpful as he assisted us from the plane, and consequently rebooked our flights for tomorrow, and set us up at a hotel near the airport. Nonetheless, this has made a difficult and stressful trip even more so, and has caused us to have to scramble to rearrange things at our point of arrival.  We are also stuck in a hotel without most of our luggage and some of our prescriptions. This has been, overall, a horrible experience, and certainly will make us think twice before flying US Airways or its affiliates again.  In addition, I cannot imagine that Ms Owens' actions were in any way acceptible per the ADA.  . . I attempted to call to make and resolve this complaint, but the agent and supervisor I spoke with insisted that it could only be addressed through a web form, promising contact in one to three business days, which I find to be completely unsatisfactory. . . On the positive side, Yvonne J, another gate agent, was tremendously helpful and compassionate.  We also received assistance from an airport maintenance man, whose name I did not catch, in replacing a bolt on the wheelchair that broke as we were bringing it up the gangway.  . . I would appreciate a response as soon as possible, which should include a plan of action for training your personnel to deal with the needs of disabled passengers.
Half hour layover turned into an hour plus. Here's why: out of 2 gates 3 flights are being called: fort Lauderdale, Albany, Philly. . So first they called first class of each flight. Except all of them were yelling over each other. Plus people literally elbowing and smacking each other with cranky kids. Etc. . . However, punch line : not airport fault, the winner is US Airways who just announced that they have stopped boarding the FLL flight as their is an armrest on a seat that needs to be fixed. . . So help me god, I don't care. I'll sit in that chair. . . Either way someone just trampled over me and kicked my broiling new cup of caramel macchiato which is leaving a huge stain on the carpet. . . Call me crazy... I don't feel bad. . . What has your airline and airport done for YOU lately????????
It's tough living in Charlotte. If you have to check a bag it usually takes the bag longer to make it from the airplane to baggage claim than it takes to fly it from MEM to CLT - must be the highly efficient union labor...
I have an inside joke with my significant other about this place. We officially hate Charlotte. Everyone who works in this airport is miserable. So it has made us assume that everyone in Charlotte must be as well.  . . For its size, they could have a bit more selection if someone wants to get a quality meal. Every place I've eaten here is horrible. . . Very nicely decorated though. Sweet rocking chairs.
Worst airport ever. I have been here 3 times for lay-overs and 3 out of 3 times my flight has been cancelled or delayed. The worst part is not the incompetence, it is the blatant lies. They lie to you and say that your flight will leave "one hour later than expected". This lie renews every hour after the first estimate is found to be a lie.. . The worst was in the winter of 2011 where I was kept at the airport for 3 days straight days because the airport neglected to buy de-icing agent - for 3 days. I eventually left by taking a train.
This airport is scary.  I've never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight.  I now have no interest in flying back.
This is the worst airport I've ever had the displeasure of passing through. Sure, there are some decent places to eat, but every single time I have to make a connection through Charlotte Douglas it's delayed by several hours. I haven't been to any other airport with as many delays and with such frequency. I'd gladly sacrifice the Pinkberry for a more punctual schedule.
If you connect in Charlotte expect constant delays!!!!!   Every time I connect through to Dulles I experience planes with mechanical delays
Dear Airport:  I've never been inside you, but let me tell you how much you suck on the outside. You suck a lot. Is this entire place under construction??? Oh, yes... yes, it is. Did a nuclear bomb take out short term parking? The roads leading in and up to the terminal are a confusing, cone-zone maze and are also under construction. The construction appears to be under construction. Hate you.
I hate the screaming "announcements. " over the overhead speakers. .   Volume is crazy excessive in gate area of E32.    Go to Hometown Team Bar and wait for your flight....the screaming is maddening
Um, this airport sucks, okay? Avoid at all costs. . I flew through here two times last week. Both coming and going we experienced hour-long runway delays. Seriously. When landing, we had to chill out someplace random b/c another plane was at our gate unexpectedly. And then there was no skybridge. And then we had to circle around a few times because the airport gods grew tired of us sitting and waiting. Then, both times we took off (heading to and from Tally), we had to wait, stacked up on the runway, for 45 - 60 minutes. Case in point, the pilot actually told us excitedly once we were NINTH for departure. Unless CLT is your home, fly through ATL.
i hate US Airways, shitty services
