TOTAL TOURIST TRAP!!! . . NYE 2010 Dinner  (Wasted over $400 here on NYE 2010 prix fixe menu. ). . Worst NY Strip and Filet Mignon ever!!! NO Taste and Rubbery. . NY Steak ordered Medium Rare and  served medium well :-(. Filet ordered Medium and servedMedium Rare :-(. . . Terrible excuse for Pom Frittes.  . . Salad had one barely recognizable bite of goat cheese, but was good as was the oysters appetizer. . . The Creme Brulee was OK and the coffee excellent. . . . . "Cocktail Hour" . . was missing cocktails and only served sparkling wine. FAIL!!! $120 for cheap sparkling wine and OK appetizers. At least the view of the strip was nice and wait staff was attentive.. . The dinner was awful. We were sandwiched between two other tables elbows almost brushing our neighbors, hardly romantic or nice for $110 per person NYE dinner. There were many empty tables and sections available yet we were sandwiched between other tables like sardines. . . Although the servers were nice they never asked us if our meal was ok and they couldn't infer by the barely eaten plates that something was awry. The NY Strip was served 2 temperatures overcooked. My girlfriend's salad was taken away before she was finished because there was no room on the table for an extra plate and they brought our Main Course out to us before we finished our salads. Absolutely awful experience. You should have seen the sight of everyone who ordered the steaks sawing away at the rubbery excuse for steak. I kept wondering if it was MUTTON!!!!
Yes, the location is great, and the outdoor patio very inviting, but our brunch at Gabi was very disappointing. It was a cool, rainy day, so we sat inside. First, we ordered some fresh-squeezed juice. He had orange, which he enjoyed. I had grapefruit, which tasted like it had just started to turn...bitter with almost a fizz to it.  Next, coffee. It was on the weak side, and since I sweeten my coffee with honey rather than sugar, I asked for some...twice...it never came.  . . I had seen the chocolate-bacon waffle with warm maple syrup advertised from the street, and had been fantasizing about it for days. I ordered that, while the bf ordered the corned beef hash and eggs.  Both entrees arrived barely room temperature, but it had taken so long already we decided against trying to flag the waitress down again. The corned beef had good flavor, but the meat was a little stringy. The waffle was decent, but thesaddest part was the "hot maple syrup." Now I am a New-England girl, and picky about my maple syrup, but I think anyone paying $12 for a waffle should rightfully expect real maple syrup.  This was not. It was the typical maybe-maple-flavored corn syrup you'd find at any cheap diner. Yuck! Totally unacceptable. . . We finished quickly and left. In a way I regret not speaking up, but it wasn't the server's fault, and it was so busy... Maybe the location and views from the patio are enough for some, but if you're going for good food I'd go elsewhere.
Food was OK, but service was terrible.  Our server never came back to our table to check if we need another drink, water, bread, etc.  We had to get somebody else's attention for our need.  At the end, they included 18% tipping which is their policy for 5 or more people.  We just wanted to let them know she did not provide us service enough for 18% tipping.  When we called the manager, he was worse.  He said, "did you get your food?  did you get your drink?  then what is your problem?  I am missing your point".   Four of my friends came from Japan.  They totally ruined our time.
If I could give it ZERO stars I would.. . I have dined here numerous times and clearly liked it to return each time.  However, the last time was just that, the LAST TIME.  The service was appalling.  My guest was not feeling well and upon telling two waitresses this, the bottle of water and bread arrived 15 minutes later...We were ready to order as we knew it would take quite a while given the restaurant was filling up...but our waitress was clearly more excited about having 5 men to serve because they were seated a good 10 minutes after us, however they had their wine order taken, wine poured and food orders taken while we were still waiting to be noticed!!  I asked one waitress for the check and told her I'd like to pay for my bottle of water and why I was leaving.  She told our waitress who clearly shooed her away and scoffed. I informed the manager who very obviously should NOT be holding the position he is as his response to me was "Well, then leave!" quite loudly....oh, but that was after he charged me the $7.50 for the bottle of water.  WOW - customer service 101.  . . Last time I checked...I'm one of the people PAYING TO EAT THERE and the STAFF are the folks BEING PAID TO WORK THERE...Good thing I have a choice where I can spend my $$.  . . Pathetic.
The greatest thing that this restaurant offers is an outdoor patio directly across from the fountains of Belaggio. That is it. The service was poor, aka, non existent. I ordered a Tom Collins to drink, and it was garnished with a cherry, slice of lime, and piece of hair. Lovely. Then came my chicken club. I had asked my server what the sandwich consisted of, and he was not too sure what came on it. Sadly, not much. Toasted bread, as little chicken as possible, and a couple pieces of bacon and a leaf or two of lettuce. Oh, and no mayonnaise on it. This thing was dry as the desert itself. And the 'pom frites' may as well be called potato chip crumbs. Yuck. I usually like to gives a restaurant I didn't enjoy another chance to redeem itself, but I will not be doing that with this place. Eat at Earl of Sandwich instead.
I forgot about this pathetic place. Maybe it's just me, maybe it was just a bad Friday night...maybe it was just a terrible suggestion. but in the end, the lesson to be learned is that no one can upsell a cheapa$$ cut of cow (ie skirt steak) to a carnivore and throw in potato leftovers ( I mean LOUSY french fries)  on the dish to make it appealing. . . This establishment is why I hate trying new places out.. all the hype.. ohh the food is good, it rocks, we should try it.. yah yay yah.mmbop .. whatevers! . . NO, don't get the SKIRT STEAK, no matter WTF they called it, it's friggin carne asada! but REAL carne asada TASTES good! . / end PSA. . That is all.... . next time it's Del Friscos d-bags... no and's if's or but's!
We came here for our anniversary dinner on May 1st 2010, I'm writing this review a little late.. . The only good thing about this place is the view of the Bellagio fountain while you eat... now the bad parts.. . - So loud I couldn't hear my wife talking across the tiny table on our anniversary!. . - There were as many kids here as adults, and running around free like it was freaking Chuck E Cheese. . - The service was terrible, we waited 45 mins for our food, and my steak came out cold and raw like they just took it from the fridge.  Water refill?  what refill?. . - Extremely over-priced mediocre quality food.. . If you want a romantic, or quiet, or intimate, or tasty French restaurant go to Pamplemousse, don't waste your time here.
We came here for breakfast and were really looking forward to it based on the reviews online. I think we came here at the wrong time. We got seated and it took a while to get drinks and order taken (about 10-15 minutes). We finally got to order our coffee but we received without a creamer. The gentleman mentioned he would be back but he did not return. We asked a bus boy for the creamer cleaning the other table and he brought us a dirty one with fresh jam all over the bottom. We asked our waiter for another creamer. We both decided to order their eggs benedict (I ordered the Florentine and my boyfriend ordered the crab).The Florentine was the worst I have ever had. The eggs were sloppy and the asparagus was small cut up piece. I almost sent it back because I thought the asparagus was missing. I am a big fan of eggs florentine and I was surprised to not see fresh asparagus. The asparagus looked like cut up pieces of artichoke hearts. Our English muffins were overly buttered and took away from the meal. My boyfriend didn't finish his crab benedict. It was salty and the overly buttered muffin didn't help. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing here today. The coffee was the best thing about our meal.
Came here for Lunch. Had a reservation. We were seated at the Patio. . Water waiter was very friendly. Our waitress was n t really friendly. . Bread was good. . We both had the brie. Was Cold and Not so good. . Both had Steaks with redwine. We ordered Medium. Was med rare. . Fries were ok. Nothing Special. . Spinach to garlic flawored. . Don't Kiss anybody after this. . View was amaizing. . Service Not good. We got spinach 5 min before the Steaks. . I think its to expensive.
We came here for Sunday brunch on the first day of our Vegas trip.  We arrived around 11am after checking into our hotel.  We were starving and craving a nice breakfast.  However, we were sad to learn that unlike other restaurants we were used too, they weren't serving their usual breakfast menu at that time.  They had maybe 5 items on their brunch menu and the rest was off their lunch menu.  I specifically asked the waiter if any other breakfast items were available, but he was unaccomodating.  It was especially dissapointing because the table right next to us were able to order breakfast and they received their food less than 10 minutes before us. As for the food, my boyfriend ordered the waffle with fresh strawberries and whip cream.  It was $15 for ONE waffle that could have came out of a box.  The whip cream that everyone raves about was just meh!  But I must admit that I'm not a huge fan of whip cream in general (waste of calories for something that doesn't even taste that good).  I ordered the quiche which was ok but very rich.  You can definitely taste all the butter and cream they put in it.  It was more of a custard consistency than I'm used to though.  As for the service, our waiter basically sucked and seemed to have airs about him.  He spent most of the time talking in the corner with his friends.  My coffee was never refilled and it took us forever to get our check.  Then it took at least another 10-15 minutes for him to pick it up so he can run our credit card.  We don't usually ask much of our waiters and usually tip very well.  But this was rediculous!  He failed to realize that every minute of his inattentiveness was decreasing his tip.  But maybe the service is better on the outside patio.  We were just too hungry to wait for a table there.  It was immediate seating inside.  Still, a huge dissapointment all around.  Definitely not worth it when there are so many other places to eat on the strip.
This is NOT a French restaurant, my darlings. This is a fake interpretation of a French restaurant. The escargots were in a watery, non-garlicy, overly parselied bath. You do NOT change the time-honored traditional recipe for escargots. When I mentioned this to the waiter, he said that the Chef likes to put his own spin on traditional recipes. YIKES!  They have no business calling it a French restaurant if they're going to mess with recipes that are 100s of years old and classic. The Steak Bordelaise was passable, but the Bordelaise was NOT authentically done. The frites were absolutely NOT done French style; they were potato chips. Well, what can you expect? It's Las Vegas where everything is a pale imitation and a fake reproduction of the real thing. Sigh.
Do not come here for breakfast. The waffles were overcooked; they were crunchy. The quiche was okay. It was seers with some greens but I wouldn't call it a salad because there was no dressing. I would not return here for breakfast. Great view of Bellagio though.
This place is a chain and not worth the wait.  We had to wait forever even with a reservation.  The waiter took way too long to greet us, get drinks, take our food order, etc.  He wasn't even very friendly or helpful.  We told them when we made the reservation/checked in it was our anniversary and we were celebrating with them but they never said a word about it.  The food was ok but not worth the $24 for a flat steak and runny mashed potatoes.  The food was not French, the atmosphere screamed of Vegas strip and even though we made the reservation a month in advance, we were crammed between a birthday celebration and a bachelorette party.  Not exactly my idea of a romantic anniversary dinner.  If you don't mind being crammed inside a tiny lobby, being ignored and paying too much for mediocre food, eat here!
So disappointed in Mon Ami Gabi. . . Based on the excellent reviews I was very excited to try Mon Ami. We made reservations to eat here on our last night in Vegas and were also celebrating my mother's birthday. I am not sure if MAG was just having an off-night but our experience was all around pretty terrible. The dinner started with a very chaotic and unorganized seating systems. Despite having reservations you have to stand and wait in a line to speak to the hostess. Then they have you stand aside in the crowded bar area and wait some more. Meanwhile, they call names but do it so quietly and from a different area that it is impossible to hear. All of this made for a stressful start to our dinner. Once seated we ordered drinks which were mediocre in preparation and mine came with a very long dark hair curled around in it and hanging out the side of my martini glass. Very disgusting and off-putting way to start the meal. We let the server know and he was not really apologetic at all and then brought back a new martini that was not prepared the way I had ordered. The waiter was incredibly inexperienced and told the table next to us that thier bottle of wine would cost "whatever 12 times 4 is". He then proceeded to break the cork into thier bottle of wine. We ordered appetizers that came out freakishly fast- within two or three minutes of ordering them. I had the house salad which was very small and had wilted brown lettuce in it. My mother had shrimp cocktail which was mushy and my father had french onion soup which was watery, had little or no onions in it, and had very little taste (my work cafeteria makes french onion soup that is WAY better). At this point with the combination of hair in our poorly made drinks, very disappointing food and terrible service, we decided to cut out losses and cancel our entree orders. . . One star for the manager (I think his name was Constantine) who was very nice and apologetic and did not charge us for anything. . . As a side note- we crossed the street and wandered into Caesar's looking for somewhere else to eat and got right into the Palm Restaurant (in the Forum Shops) with no reservations and had an excellent meal of lobster tail and steak!
My bf and I looked last minute for a late night french restaurant on the Strip, so Mon Ami Gabi was the one we chose based on the high ratings. . Firstly, I was disappointed to see the limited menu but decided on the salmon salad, and my bf picked one of the steak entrees. Our food was brought to the table in 15 minutes. This was shocking considering it was abusy Friday night. My salad was subpar. My bf's steak was bland and well done, not medium like he ordered. In addition to that the waiter saw my boyfriend's napkin on the floor and just picked it up and put it on his lap instead of giving him a replacement. . After a few bites of the steak my bf asked the server for a new york strip steak instead. Again the steak came out shortly after his request, and it was charred black all over! My bf was really upset and told the server there was no way he was going to eat his food and just wanted the bill. At this point the server seemed semi apologetic and said he would send the manager to address the matter. The manager came over and apologized and offered free dessert. We declined. The server came back saying that the manager wan't going to charge us for anything and hoped we would come again. Ha, fat chance!. One star is being given because we were seated with a great view of the bellagio fountains.
Burger and french onion soup was fine  But the pomme frites were AWFULL Ever had the dregs at the bottom of a order of french friess?   Just awfull skins still on and like tiny hard potato chips but worse.  First two oders with our burger were sent back the third try was hot but don't expect to get real french fries!! manager said we were the only couple to complain in 3 months.. Je habitae in France por quinze   monats  never seen anyhting like this there!!. Last time I ate there I got very sick...and I had not been drinking.. . How do I add a pix???
We went here because of the mass reviews on Yelp. Let me just say that the reasons why this place is getting a one star is because the bad service we got from our server Efrain M. He made us feel comfortable at all! There was no Hello, how are you, just grumpy what do you want kind of attitude. I used to waiter but even on my bad day, I would leave all that at the door. We ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger and The Prime Steak Sandwich (which was pretty much the only thing that cheer me up) the Scallops felt like it was a couple days old, and the Seafood Crepe was not very apetizing. Seafood tasted smelly and old! The Chicken Bri Sandwich looks like they pilled a bunch of S on it. But worst of all, this place is so OVERATED! Don't go here unless you want to eat mostly SH***Y food and crappy service. Stay AWAY!!!
The view, the scene, the fountains! The crap service and bland food? Yeah, let's be real here.. . This place pulls in tourists more than Disney does little kids, so maybe that's why it has rave reviews (and more than 1,500 of them.). . I've never waited longer for wine to be brought to our table or for bread to be replenished. My chicken was dry and lacked any sort of spices or seasoning and my frites were cold. I wonder how long it all sat under the 'warmer' in the back.... my companions' dishes fared the same. Steak cooked not to order, simple fish and chips soggy and cold and mushroom soup that despite having mushrooms dotting the creamy base, overall tasted nothing like mushrooms - more like cream.. . And CHRIST - can the waterboyman please NOT slosh the water and 500 cubes of ice across our entire table? . . If our clients were more business and less friendly, I would have been embarrassed by this choice in restaurant. Luckily, I'll never have to worry about that again because I will never come back to Mon Ami Chain Restaurant Gabi.
Worst Steak ever. . Service was ok. . View: amaizing. . Never again!
Came here for brunch for my birthday weekend and it was a total fail. Its rare to say that yelp has totally disappointed me on this one.. .  I got the steak and frites bordelaise. The frites were good but I got tired of it so quick because it was too salty. The steak was not even that great. It had way too much sweet flavor going on on such a thin sliced steak.. My friends got the broccoli and cheese crepe and it was gross..  Another friend got the tuna melt sandwich, the presentation of this dish was nice but it was also gross.. All I could taste was the olive and I hate olives. . My other friend got the quiche and it was nothing special. . The only good dish was the prime steak sandwich with au jus sauce but I have had better in oc.. . The service was eh. Our server was slow and rarely checked up on us.  This restaurant is overhyped.
Terrible service. The food (spinach and greens omelette) was greasy and salty. The only good thing about this place is the homemade English muffins.
Unfortunately for Mon Ami Gabi, my rating is influenced largely by the way their staff handled a recent incident that occurred while I was eating there. . . We arrived at Mon Ami Gabi after the 7:00 showing of the Jersey Boys. Our reservation was not until 9:30, but they were able to seat us immediately at 9:15. We ordered the Warm Brie Cheese, which the menu states is served with black pepper honey, hazelnuts, and croutons. While I still enjoyed the dish, there was actually only ONE hazelnut on the plate. . . For our main courses, I ordered the French Onion Soup and my sister ordered the Grilled Salmon Salad. The soup was fine as far as French Onion Soup goes. My sister said the individual components of the salad were fine, but trying to eat all of the different parts together made for a strange taste in her opinion. . . When it came time to pay, I reached down next to my chair where my purse had been sitting during the entire meal to retrieve my wallet, only to find my purse was not there. I had gotten my phone out of it just a few minutes prior, so it had definitely been there during the entire dinner up to that point. I alerted the waiter of what happened, and he said he was going to get the manager. About 10 minutes later, a manager arrives at our table asking what happened. He informed us that he had only been working there for a month and did not know what sort of assistance they could offer me. I asked if we could view surveillance footage and he said that they did not have the "authority" (according to the actual senior manager of the restaurant, who neglected to address the situation in person with me at all). . . Once we had hit a dead end within the restaurant, security guards from Paris showed up. They continued to ask if I "was sure" I hadn't left my purse in the restroom, or at the show I had previously been at. At this point I was sick of people acting as if it was my fault that someone had taken my property. We filed a "lost and found" report with the hotel, and I went back to the restaurant to be sure there was nothing else they could do to help me out (which they claimed there was not). After all, we were leaving in the morning and my purse contained my id. Getting through airport security without an id is not the easiest task... . . You would think that after the inconvenience of having your purse stolen at the restaurant, they would have offered some sort of condolence, or offered to comp at least our appetizer, but they offered nothing of the sort. No apology, no help. I would not go back to this restaurant for that reason alone. But then, when I finally got back to our hotel, I began to get sick, and I was sick for the rest of the night. Quite the ending to my trip, I must say.
It was awful. We had reserved a table, inside according to the confirmation, but when we arrived at the restaurant they said that the table will be 30 mins late. It was raining outside so they had to use inside tables for all guests. We waited for an 1 hour with no kind of response from the restaurant. We talked to them again then they said that the reservation was for an outside table and they will not be able to accomodate us if the rain doesnt not stop. They could have told us that from the beginning, then we could have decided by ourselves if it wasvworth waiting for the rain to stop or not...
Had omelette for breakfast . Everything was fine. Come lunch time , service was terrible. They took one hour to bring our lunch. Besides, my friend ordered what was supposed to be a vegeteriann dishh, and they had bacon in it. This my friend realized halfway through his lunch.
(edited on 11/17/12). . I have been there about 7 times. I like to sit outside - to watch Bellagio fountain show. . . Food quality wise, you can't compare to Robuchon or Bouchon - Mon Ami Gabi is a French version of Denny's. That's for sure. Or maybe worse... . . I've had Ground Ahi Tuna Burger and Bacon Cheese Burger - nothing special, nothing better than burgers at Hard Rock Cafe.. . I've had seafood crepe - it is OK. Seafood is not fresh. Could be using frozen seafood.. . Gratin - greasy - heavy - rich - if you like to gain fat, this should be fine. I am worried if someone get heart attack. . . Trout - i remembered it was no good. . . Fish and Chips - very thin sliced fish make it pretty greasy. Kinda same as one at Todd English at Aria. (it was my fault to get fish&chips at French bistro, yo know). . (newly edited) . . I USED to like all their mousse and pate - along with oysters to pair with wine - with a great fountain view. However, I went back and it was a huge disappointment.. . Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail - when the server put the dish on our table, something was wrong - shrimps looked kinda brown - we thought it was some sort of spices,,, then as soon as we ate it, we realized that it was an unfresh, oxidized shrimp! It tasted like dirt. Horrible! I'm sure they use the same old shrimps for other dishes. Gross!. . Liver Mousse and Pate - I guess no one orders these items here - I could tell because all the edges were all dried out - pretty disgusting. . . Endive salad - It is not a great experience to have green leaves turn brown and wilt. . . Mussels - bad,,,,, They didn't break my expectation. NOT FRESH! At this point, I was concerned about food poisoning. So, I asked to get a check. It was enough.... . When the food, especially seafood, gets old, they should throw them away - because you know, there is a risk of spreading food poisoning! Don't give me these stained shrimps, dude.. . Btw, frites are better than Lay's potato chips. Complimentary Baguette is pretty terrible. You can get better baguettes cheaper at Albertson's.. . My suggestion - never get seafood here if you know what decent seafood tastes like. Just get burgers - cheap and simple. I guess those people who are giving 5 stars just eat burgers and steaks, not seafood. . . Service - not that great - too busy all the time - my server wasn't nice at all - she didn't stop at our table. No refills. I saw she was chatting for a while at another table, tho. . . You will see all the men in black here - they indeed look professional in a funny way - but imagine if they change it to Denny's uniforms - surly enough, they would fit really well.. . Also, when I made a reservation today (Sat. Nov 10 2012 around lunch time), the hostess was really rude over the phone.  This is Karma on Yelp, haha.. . I have been going there to see Bellagio, not to enjoy food and service, but it was way too terrible.... I will never go back again.. . 1 star is for Bellagio's fountain show.
Terrible service.. My friends and I came in for lunch on a Saturday morning.  It was crowded, but we had a reservation and were seated right away.  Unfortunately, after we ordered, it took over an hour for our food to arrive.  When it did arrive, it was obvious that the food had been sitting out for quite some time, as it was completely cold.  Most egregiously, my friend's crepe had been sitting out for so long that the sauce had congealed.  We asked to see the manager.  When we explained the problem to him, he was completely unapologetic.  While we understood that the rest of our food might have looked fine to the staff, we showed him my friend's crepe, which was obviously congealed, and explained that it never should have been brought to us like that.  His response was to tell us that maybe we should work at the restaurant.  After this incredibly rude comment failed to convince us to drop the issue, he eventually took her crepe off the bill, and took 50% off the remainder of our entrees.  While this eventual response was appropriate, it would have been nice if his first instinct had been to apologize and try to make up for the restaurant's errors instead of to ridicule our concerns.  The sad thing is the food seemed like it probably would have been delicious if it had been brought to us hot.
Our group somehow hit this place at their worst.  Our order was lapped by neighbouring tables that came, ordered, ate, paid, and left before our food showed up. When my french toasted arrived it was raw batter on one side and the blueberries where still frozen.
Should have gone to Binions!. With 2000+ reviews how could a girl go wrong, right? I'm a visual learner so I'm going to break this down into Pros and Cons, just a warning there is going to be more in the cons column!. . Pros. - Beautiful decor and lighting in the bar at least.. -Gluten free menu. -reasonable prices. -large portions (almost too much, like your own personal flank steak on a small serving platter). -good bread. -fun little cream puff with a candle for your birthday. . Cons. -Noise level, tile floors are nobody's friend. -extremely small waiting area (it's compromised of the hostess table, the bar and table seating). -Service, pretty poor and lackluster, came back to the table twice, I noticed the table on the other side of us, had the same problem, trying to track down their fries before their meal was over. -No outside alcohol, (which I understand, but when rudely asked to drink it or it will be tossed, doesn't bode well for the rest of the evening). -Reservations (this is what really burned my baguette; I made a reservation a week and half+ before the big day. I said it was my birthday and that we would have two people that are hard of hearing in our party and anywhere that was quieter would be great, maybe that was a ridiculous request but I don't think any of my requests were actually acknowledged that night. So with our two week advance reservation we arrived 30 minutes early and were told to wait, I had gleaned from other reviews that the seating times were a little delayed but we waited an extra 15 minutes on top of ours, so after shuffling through the crowd at the front, we are shown to our table and didn't have to walk far! It was 20 steps from the doorway and two steps from the bar and ordering system, so for my 27th birthday instead of a view of the Bellagio fountains I stared at a black floor mat and paper table covers! I was flabbergasted when we sat down and once I came to my senses I  asked the hostess if there were any other tables available not in the bar, she checked and said if we wanted to wait another 30mins there would be something then. Before you think I'm some disgruntled birthday girl, the table next to us, a husband and wife celebrating a birthday as well, were also dismayed to learn that their reservation meant a romantic view of the bartenders legs, they however had a better server and managed to get a better table, I guess we should have gone donner party on half of our group to get a worthy seating assignment.. Steak- the frites weren't anything special, the steak was tender but almost like it had been tenderized (Mom and Grandma both commented); the top layer had that mealy texture. This is coming from someone who eats steak like twice a year and was really looking forward to a good one. So to put insult to injury the steak I had consisted of a four inch section of sinew down the middle, you couldn't cut it! I told the waitress, which I never do, I am not a picky eater and never want to step on someone's toes ( bad haircut, no prob it'll grow out!) but tonight I had enough, she understood, took it away, brought out a new one, and comped it, which made up for the misery a little.. . So on a whole this night was just so bad I had to write a review, I think I would have been happier with In-N-Out!
Mon Ami No More!  I loved this restaurant.  Seriously.  With all my heart and soul...I loved the view, the ambiance, the waiters, the food and the je ne se quoi (sp), and I had had a long-standing relationship with this restaurant, visiting at least 2-3 times a year for the past 4-5 years.  It was love at first bite and I never made a trip to Vegas without visiting at least once.  Now, I'm afraid to say, I'm not likely to go back.  . . On a recent visit near the end of December, I was excited to bring 3 friends to Mon Ami.  Now, while the restaurant is known as a steakhouse, they offer many fish dishes on their menu.  On the night we came in, with an 8 pm reservation, we were informed that they were out of ALL of them.  The waitress quickly let us know, very unapologetically, that they were out of lobster, mussels, skate, trout, salmon, scallops and any other fish on the menu that evening.  We were hell-bent on getting the mussels, one of our favorite appetizer dishes at Mon Ami, and one of our visitors had his heart set on lobster.  When we asked why there was no fish available, when clearly it was largely offered on the menu, the waitress simply answered "our fish truck didn't come today."  Now, mistakes happen.  The world is an imperfect place.  Fish trucks miss their deliveries.  I am not a restaurateur (though I know one in the Henderson area), but I would imagine that a restaurant of this size with the volume of business that Mon Ami does  would have a back up plan should a truck not arrive.  If not, might I suggest that there is a Whole Foods store less than 3 miles away where perhaps they might have gone to pick up some fish?  . . After expressing our disappointment, the waitress shared that she heard a rumor that some mussels had come in, and she would bring them to us right away.  She did, we ate them, they tasted gummy and fishy and we complained about them for the rest of our trip.  After eating steaks con frites (umm, what else were we supposed to eat at that point), we left, disappointed with the restaurant's lack of selection and poor planning, but mostly, with how their staff chose to handle the situation...without any true apologies or sense of ownership.    Unacceptable, for a long-time AMI.
hated this place because of the snobby waiter we got... the steak was so so too.. it did have good salad, breat and butter, but it's unfortunate that we had such horrible service that made me not want to eat or order more food from this place. this waiter we got made me sick....
I am taking the time to inform you of my unacceptable dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi in Las Vegas on January 20, 2013, from 11am-1pm. We came with a group of 10 and were seated promptly, with our drink orders taken and fresh bread served. There were a few incidents where I found my dining experience unacceptable:. . 1. My friend ordered the corned beef hash, and shortly after ordering, the waiter returns and says they are out of corned beef hash. This is disappointing but acceptably okay, but given this is Las Vegas, and a huge restaurant, how do you run out of such a popular dish, especially at a time like Sunday Brunch? I wanted to order this but changed last minute after hearing the special.. . 2. The second incident was when our waiter told us the specials of the day, so I ordered the "Portobello" eggs Benedict. Except, when our food came, the waiter tells me it's "pork loin" eggs Benedict instead of "Portobello". The thing is, the waiter should've known what the specials were, and second, he should have came back and told me earlier, the same time he told my friend they had ran out of corned beef hash, that the special was not "Portobello" but "pork loin". I would've have elected to switch to something else. I do not want "pork loin" eggs Benedict, and my second choice would've been the corned beef hash, which the restaurant ran out of. The worst thing was that he told me when our food came, so it wasn't like I had any choice to change my order. I was starving and didn't want others to wait for my food to arrive so they could start eating while they already had their food served, and there wasn't really anything else I really wanted on the menu. Had the waiter informed me earlier, at least I could have ordered something else. The waiter, did however, said he would check back to see if I wanted to change my order, and when he did return to check back a long while after, I was more than three-quarters done with my food because I was way too hungry, and I wasn't enjoying the food, but merely eating just to fill up my stomach. I was rather upset by that. . . 3. The last incident was my other friend's hot water. She ordered a tea, and needed a refill in the hot water. The waiter took the pot, and never returned. When we asked the waiter about the hot water, he replied, "oh, we gave it to the other end of the table." Obviously, the waiter forgot about it and made it up. We ordered 3 hot teas, and now there were only 2 hot water pots. I mean, normally it wouldn't have been a huge issue, but I was already upset from my meal. . . 4. Given, we had a large party, but the wait was unbearably long. I was starving!. . The service was nonetheless friendly, I wouldn't fault the waiter. The fressi, kale, warm bacon salad was good and light, however the bacon was cold. Both the chicken liver and pate were on par.. . In conclusion, I was quite disappointed with my dining experience. The view was great, they had nice fresh bread (although the butter was cold and hard), and that's where it ends. Given, we had a large party, but the wait was unbearably long. I was starving!
Seriously?  This place was HORRIBLE!  Had a reservation for dinner and the wife and I both ordered bone-in ribeyes medium-rare plus (cooked a little past medium rare).. . The steaks arrived and her's was cooked right on the mark.  Mine was RED and STONE COLD in the middle (RAW).  I told the server about it and she commented 'so you want it cooked medium'.  NO, I want it cooked as I ordered it - and just like my wife's steak.  She pointed the finger like I did not know how to order my steak (and I eat steak all over the country).. . I cut the steak in half.  When I got my replacement it was the same steak RE-HEATED.  Seriously?  Now I've got a $40 twice cooked ribeye?. . I don't mind paying $40 for a steak but get a clue.  You never cook a steak twice.  Left completely disappointed and will never return!
I think this place get so many reviews and big rating because of only one thing - location. You cannot miss it because it's exactly in the middle of the main street. . . But I do not see any reason to visit this restaurant.. First of all, there is always a huge waiting list. They give you pager, recommend to walk around and arrive as soon as pager beeps (30-60 min waiting). We arrived and even after that had to wait a long time near doors to get in. Finally we decided to leave.. Next day we tried again. We were seated. And, truly speaking, nothing special in their food. Nothing exiting, nothing interesting, even nothing tasty and worth waiting. . Also, seating outside is quite good except one thing - there are manholes on the street and smell from them do not promote good appetite. . And place is very crowded, of course - no romantic mood at all.. There are many places in other hotels that are not so crowded even in the hot hours. Just do not try to find them in Paris-Paris hotel, go further, to Venetian, for example.
This used to be my favorite but now has lost its lovin feeling. Slow service rude waiters. View is still good. Not worth the wait and very cramped with tables. Only a few inches from may table to the next. Staff appears not to care anymore. This place is off my list. Too many other great restaurants in town.
I guess people come here to eat outside and view the Bellagio Fountains across the way. Maybe we had an off-night... but the food was terrible, tasteless and tough meats. Service was OK.. atmosphere very good.. but food, yuk and expensive. The French onion soup (which you would think would be good in a French Restaurant) was so salty we could barely eat it and it was mostly bread, and not the good kind.... ugh.
Sat at bar for about 10 minutes and the bartender never even once looked in my direction to acknowledge me.
I believe these 5 star reviews are written by food newbies, sorry, but this place is disneyland.  Their "famous" steaks w/ various french sauces are all top sirloin, pounded out very thin.  It's mealy (as all top sirloin is) and tastes mushy and bored.  Slathering it a *rendition* of a french sauce helps only slightly.. . They have this beautiful wine cellar and then a totally worthless wine list.  And the good bottles on the list: "Oh sorry, we're out of that one". . . This gets me to service.  The staff is NOT trained in fine dining of any sort, and while I know this is not Robuchon, they are missing basic stuff.  They are not attentive, forgetful, and have little knowledge about either the food or wine.  I eventually asked if they had a Somm, she said "no but the manager was trained in somm".  I'm being fussy at this point but c'mon, you're at a french restaurant and your waiters are saying things like so and so is "trained in somm".. . Also, when waiter got vibe we were less than impressed she avoided us, flat out.  I just wanted my check so I could cut hokey pokey wannabe french restaurant their cut and bounce. . . On the other hand, the table next to us from Nebraska was just raving about everything that hit their plate.  They were 25 and drunk, aka, the target market at Mon Ami.
If I could give this place no stars in my review, I would. I know that this is cliche and overdone, but it is completely true.  . . I made reservations through OpenTable, but when my girlfriend and I arrived 10 minutes early, we found that we had to wait in a long line.  What is the point in making a reservation if one must wait in line?. . Initially, we thought this was a mistake, but the 3 "hostesses" in front of the restaurant quickly corrected us by pointing to the "guest with reservations" line.  They couldn't even smile or apologize for the wait,  but rather dismissed us, as if they had no time for our question.. . This place is a joke.  The only thing about this "French bistro" is the arrogance displayed by the 3 "hostesses".. . Save your precious time and go someplace else.
Very nice place with horribly slow and in attentive service. Both my steak and my wife's scallops were undercooked with the steak being too rare to eat. Pretty disappointing.
Been to this restaurant several times because of the  view.   This time . arrived at 8pm and told there was a 2 hour  wait.  After waiting an hour , saw they were sitting people who arrived later with no reservations.  The hostess and manager were very disrespectful and condenscending. Decided to go elsewhere after 90 minutes. 2 other parties that were from other countries were also waiting over 2 hours also and were treated rudely. . . Maybe they play favorites with their friends.  I will not go there again.
We choose Mon Ami Gabi for our anniversary dinner tonight.  I made reservations way in advance via open table.  My husband went a full hour before our reservation so we could get a table on the patio.  He hates to wait in general so he tipped the hostess Hilina ten bucks to be seated faster.  She totally took his money and made no effort whatsover to get us in any faster.  We waited the exact same amount of time as everyone else.  It is my opinion that if she couldn't get us in any faster she shouldn't of accepted the tip.  It set a very bad tone for dinner and it never got any better. :(
I wrote this review while eating at the restaurant on my phone just in case i forgot the details of how bad the food was.... perhaps it was just us failed at ordering and we shouldn't have listened to the waiter because whatever the waiter recommended was NOT good at all. The fish and chips were 20 dollars and it's not on the menu. The french fries tasted like deep fried oilly potato skins and the fish was pan-fried without seasoning  (very plain...and I don't think its fresh either).  the Cobb salad has a weird taste that gave me a bad after taste (ew...hate it so much). So I couldn't help but to stare at everyone else's food surrounding our table and wondering what an epic fail that we picked the worst dishes on the menu and off the menu.... .... So the bill came out to be 53 dollars for fish&chips/cobb salad/2 coffee. . . Anyways, the only comforting thing was that the host and another waiter were very friendly and helped us to get situated at a better table than the original one that we were suppose to be seated at. . . So overall, please do not order Cobb salad and fish&chips... Because you really don't want to waste your money on those two seriously not delicious (I am trying hard not to use the word that starts with the letter D...) dishes..and I have to say its not only theworst restaurant I have been to in Vegas, but the worst food experience I have ever had (and i'm NOT exaggerating) . Service : 4 stars . Food: ZERO star if that was an option. . Here is a picture of how those two dishes look like... they look okay but tast D_____G.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=z3izxU7Eckk67LFAP1pTVg&userid=S8lmPHaZK1RoSc5gtaZtWw
I made a reservation for 5 (two of my friends heard me) When we for there they had us down for 4. They WOULD NOT accommodate us by adding another chair to our table, even if it was their mistake.  The hostess was unapologetic and said we would have to wait 45 minutes for a table for 5. We took the table for 4 as we were going to see a show later.  My husband went to pick up the tickets and when he returned our waiter was very nice and prepared a place for him. We were able to secure an extra  chair from an adjacent table.  The front staff was rude and I could not believe the poor customer service! If the food was excellent I might have forgiven the rude greeting, but unfortunately the food was mediocre.  Only saving grace  was our waiter.
We come to this restaurant quite a bit for breakfast every time we are in Vegas about 5 times a year. They have this ridiculous dress policy that men cannot wear sleeveless shirts but women can. I personally believe this is very sexist and pretentious. This is Las Vegas for god's sake! It gets hot here people! I understand maybe for dinner but not for breakfast! they give you the option to wear a cheap plain white crew neck t shirt (only avail XLarge mind you). Half of the women sitted at the patio that morning were wearing sleeveless clothes. Never coming back here again and will surely spread this word whenever I can!
My friends and I were in Vegas the past weekend to celebrate two of my friend's birthday. One of the nights, we decided to try Mon Ami Gabi because of all the rave reviews we've been reading and hearing about this place, so I made a reservation for dinner service. We were promptly greeted and escorted to our table when we arrived, had our orders taken, and quickly served bread and butter. So far the service and experience had been good up until the point at which we receive our food. My friend asked for his steak to be medium rare and it came out medium. Okay, not a problem since this is a French steakhouse maybe they messed up because too many people ordered it and they just forgot. So we sent it back to the kitchen and he received another steak. The new steak is then cut into and we found it disgustingly BLUE and for the people who don't know, blue means the steak was RAW on the inside. I had to speak up and ask our waiter to cook the steak another time and insisted it be medium rare this time around before my friend finally receive the steak cooked to the temperature that was requested. What angers me is how the staff handled the situation, no deep apologies, comps, perks or anything. In addition, how the hell does a French STEAKHOUSE not know how to cook steak?!!?!? Let's just say this place will definitely not be getting my business after this horrible experience.
Bone-in ribeye is my favorite cut.  It's usually got lots of marbling and good flavor from being near the bone.. . Mon Ami Gabi served what might have been the worst bone-in ribeye I've had.  It was cooked medium rare, but it was chewy, not juicy, and not really that flavorful (even w/ the super bland bearnaise sauce).  You know it's a bad meal when I think it's not even worth my company's dime (thank you, business trips, for saving me the pain of spending my own money).  I would probably still be disappointed even if I paid half the price.
Ok I will start this off by saying, the location and coffee is great.  . . I ordered three eggs that came with bacon, hash browns and ordered a croissant instead of toast.  I took 2 bites of my not even warm eggs and found a hair in my eggs.  The waitress asked how everything was, and I really never send anything back, but a hair in your food is gross.  I know this happens in the food industry but you would expect the meal to be taken off of your bill-especially when it's just breakfast!  The waitress apologized and was very attentive at filling my coffee while I waited for my meal to come out.  I have to complain about the bacon too, it was overcooked and was not a fan of the hash browns.  . . I did not complain about them not taking the meal off my bill because I am on vacation and did not want to bother with arguing the fact that a hair in my food is disgusting, but I definitely will not be returning here!
Very disappointed after hearing good reviews about this restaurant. This was an anniversary dinner for my wife and I and we were looking forward to a nice evening. . . First, I called in our reservation and noted it was our anniversary, but when we arrived (after waiting in the 'reservation' line for about 45 minutes) the hostess could not find our reservation. Not a big deal right? I told them I made the reservation over the phone. They told me no problem they would seat me in just a few minutes. They ended up seating us at the worst table of the house, right behind the hostess stand. That wouldn't do for our anniversary dinner so I asked why we had such a poor table? The hostess replied that since we did not have a reservation, walk-ins get seated in the bar lobby. I reiterated that we did make the reservation, but that they somehow lost it. The hostess's reply? 'Well, I didn't lose your reservation.' I asked to speak to the manager.. . Second, the manager comes up to the hostess stand. After a minute or two of whispers and checking their computer, she comes up to me and says, word for word 'And you are here for?' Seriously? As a manager THAT'S how you begin your interaction with a guest? I explained that what I was there for was for our anniversary, I made the reservation over the phone and I was not happy with the table they offered me. She responded by saying that they were very busy and that all walk-ins are sat in the bar area since there were no other available tables. After explaining, again, that we had made the reservation over the phone, the manager gave me a quick nod and said something to the hostess. No apology, not even a word of acknowledgement. The hostess sat us at a table in the solarium area.. . Third, the food is nothing special. There are plenty of other restaurants in Las Vegas that have better steaks and seafood. Eiffel Tower restaurant, Prime Steakhouse, Seablue, and Picasso just to name a few. I'm not saying the food was bad, but nothing to go out of your way for.. . Overall, if it wasn't for the horrible experience with the hostess and management (our waitress was actually very nice), we wouldn't have been impressed with this restaurant at all. Spend your time and money someplace else.
I used to like going here.  It's nothing out of the way special, but was one of the decent places for lunch if you're staying in or near Paris/Ballys.  I was just there with a group this weekend.  I made a rez, and I understand their "policy" of not seating a group until everyone is there, fine, but they were pretty snotty about it. All but 2 people out of 8 where present, who would be there within a few minutes, but no budging on seating the majority of the group who were starving after flying in that day.  . . Once everyone arrived (maybe 5 mins after our rez time), it still took them forever to get us a table.  It was busy, but not that busy, there seemed to be lots of tables around.. . We all placed our order rather fast, and food was delivered quite timely.  Except one order which was wrong, and the server (not our waiter, just the guy who brought the food out) said he'd be right back with the correct order.  20 mins later, no replaced meal, no server in sight and our waiter never bothered to check in on us.  I finally flagged him down and he seemed very sorry and quickly got the missing meal.  . . I understand mistakes happen in restaurants.  I also understand the importance of taking care of your customers.  While he said sorry, he really should checked in as soon as they meals arrived to avoid this drama, since he didn't do his job of looking after his table he should have comped the extremely late meal, but he didn't.  A better institution would have been very apologetic, not charged for the meal, and would have had a manager come and check in on us.  None of the above was done. . . Besides the fact, I've been visiting this place for years, I also feel the quality of the food has gone down significantly.  I had the onion soup, which was fair, nothing great, and the Frisse salad which was pretty sad, too much dressing, not enough lettuce and my egg had undercooked white.  Both items I have had and liked in the past.. . Needless to say, I will not be going back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
The worst service I ever saw !! Especially if you are not from USA. They just using the high rating on Yelp and do nothing to keep it. I recommend to go to Cabo Wabo instead.
this place is horrible. Terrible food and their service is even worse.
Service was slow. Had to send entree back to the kitchen because it was overcooked. Food was very bland.
