If you are expecting very good Japanese food, as most Americans know it,  you will not like the food at this restaurant.  NOT COMPATIBLE is just the plain truth.. Came here looking to do something off the strip.  After all, how many oversized meals can you handle in a weekend?  Grew up in L.A., so no stranger to sushi and Japanese food.  But of the 12 or so items we tried, only the shoshito peppers and fried rice were edible.  We sent back the spicy tuna roll after my wife spit it out since it was soooooo fishy.  The albacore sashimi must have been caught a month ago- it, too, found the inside of my napkin. Even the other cooked food was horrible.  We hid most everything under the ramen noodles so the waitress would clear the plates.. Being respectful to cultural tastes is one thing, so I did not expect to like everything we ordered.  But as a standard by which to measure, fresh fish is fresh fish, no matter where where you are from.  This was not even close.  I would not send anyone to this restaurant for the food.. Very friendly staff, and cheap prices for the portion sizes, hence the 1 star.
Ok. I'm wring a review of Ichiza just to complain this unpleasant experience I had tonight.. . I was really really looking foward Ramen tonight and Ichiza was the only place opened at the time near 10 miles from my place.. . So, my friend and I went here.... . My friend ordered few stuffs like tempura, some deep fried stuffs and something to go. I tried to order Ramen but, my order was simply rejected by the waitress and, being told they don't do Ramen after 12 o'clock.. . So...I ordered Udon instead, which was certainly lower than average.. . And then, some kind of miracle has happened.. . Couple of Japanese guys came in and, ordered Ramen like they order it every day and, guess what? the waitress just took their order. . . I could not believe it until she place an order to the kitchen.. . I'm telling you... I'm not an invisible man and, I was sitting right next to them.. . I asked for an explanation about what happened to another waitress and, all I could hear was 'Of course you can order Ramen'. . No explanation, no apologize being said.... . I was ignored pretty good...lol. . Am I not deserve for a damn Ramen? or a simple explanation?
Back in February I was in Vegas and was recommend Ichiza. . When my wife and I went it was a simple, yet packed, sushi house that seemed to have good quality food. . . However, when I ordered a beef bowl they literally made me wait 20 minutes before I got it. The attendants kept passing by and smiling, but no food. Finally I quietly asked one of the servers of the status and I could see that they had forgotten the order (sigh... w/e it happens) . . What kills me about it is the fact that when I got my order, it had a sharp piece of plastic that looked like someone "broke" a plastic bowl and stuck it in the middle of the bowl. I was just about to scoop it up too.. . I let the attendant know, who didn't seem to care about the long wait, and then they asked if I wanted  a new one. (WTF?!) I said, no thanks.. . I let my wife finish and was already making designs to make this post when what seemed like the owner came in and began to make a large and obvious fuss about the whole ordeal.. . I told him, please don't bother I'm ok... I just want to pay and get out. He leaves and has the cook make another one... *sigh* I just wanted to leave ... He makes sure to make me know that the cost wasn't applied to the bill and he put it in a to go container and kept handing it to me. . . I was really getting upset at this point and my wife grabbed the meal and we left... . . I get that the dude wanted to make amends, but seriously dude... Can you respect that I just wanted a quiet resolution of not adding it to the bill?
Food is good. But roach crawling on wall but disgusting. . Service can be improved
I'm a bit saddened writing this especially since Ichiza has been one of my go to places for a very long time. Tonight however, I had the worst experience! My friends and I came for some of their delicious honey toast after having dinner somewhere else. After taking our orders, our server gave us an attitude as she took our plates away. Perhaps it's because we ordered just desserts and drinks? I didn't see what the problem was since it was late Tuesday night and the place wasn't packed.. . Five people from our group ordered hot/iced coffee and the server brought only 1 small cup of sugar & 1 equally small cup of cream. For FIVE coffees? Really? Oh and those watered down iced coffees & small cups of hot coffee also cost us $4.50 each. So for 3 honey toasts and 6 drinks (1 was a soda), the bill came out to $52. That was more expensive than the delicious BBQ ribs we had for dinner before coming to this place. I am so disappointed!
This review is not about the quality of food or the service from 99% of the employees at Ichiza, it's about one individual male host and his lack of customer service. i've frequented this restaurant many times and always have had a great experience but last night made me question if i ever will go back. . . My wife and i showed up and waited behinda group of 3, all the tables were occupied which is normal at this place. I had told the host that we preferred a table and he told me that the bar was available soon. When it was our turn to be seated a table was just clearing up as another group of 3 individuals was just arriving. After telling the host that we prefer to be seated at the table that was being cleared, he told us in a very rude tone "you can not sit there, it's for 4 people." He then proceeds to sit the the group that had just arrived after my wife and i had been waiting patiently. He then proceeds to walk us over to the bar to show us our seats. After taking a second to take this all in, i was so upset about how we were just treated, my wife and i walked out of the restaurant. This was a slow night and their were couples in the restaurant seated at 4 tops and for us to be told that we were not able to do the same was ridiculous. There was also a full bench in the back of the restaurant that was completely unoccuppied.. . I've recommended this place to many of my clientel who wants to get away from the Strip but never again, this unacceptable hospitality. The food may be decent but service always comes first.
i used to love this place but i have noticed the quality in food has gone a bit and the rude service about always telling my party that the tables a reserved and that we only have at least 45 min to eat if we still want to be seated....are u freaking kidding me?! how are the same tables ALWAYS reserved at "7:30PM"?!?!?! finally someone told me who used to work there says that is just a LIE! there are NO reservations!!! they reserve that for people who has a party of 4 or more, so it doesnt matter if u came first w/ a group of 3 people, the party with 4 or more who comes in after u gets the tables. i can't stand this rude service anymore. read the other comments everyone, see the pattern about the tables??? lol reserve my butt
Gets worse every time I come here.  The only reason I keep coming back is because of the food.  Service is horrendous. I was completely ignored. My food forgotten. Please please train your staff better. An appetizer dish should not be brought out after dessert. (restaurant wasn't even busy)
Although there were open seats, the waiteress took forever to seat us. The table we sat at was not clean and the service was terrible
My frustration with the service and attitude of the servers was an experience I hope no one else receives. I was hoping to enjoy a relaxing atmosphere accompanied with an experience of outstanding culture food. The food was satisfactory !   But the constant need for a server was non existent . There were four other tables occupied  and have to wonder why only two servers- poor planning on your part.
I really want to give this place 4 stars, love the food but their treatment of me doesn't allow me to do that. Let me explain.. The first time I come to Ichiza I request a table for 2. They tell me its going to be 20-30 minute wait for a table. Its busy so I understand. But I do start to see people who came after me get seated. I asked them about this and apparently those groups had reservations. I have my dining partner who is asian go in and request a table for two, they offer to seat her immediately, she comes out and gets me and it turns into "oh we were just about to call you for seating" I let it slide b/c its busy and I genuinely dont know if they were about to seat me or simply seated me then because of my friends influence. . Now, fast forward several months. I go in and ask to be seated for 3. Im the first in my party to get there. Told there would be a 10 minute wait. my wait totals 30 minutes. in that time 2 parties of 2 are seated. I can visually see open seating. Again, I ask about my table for 3 and she states they had "reservations." Again, I send my asian friend in to request a table for 3 and they prepare to seat her. When I come in same story, "oh, we were just about to seat you." . At this point, I get the picture. I was livid and so was the rest of my party, we refused to stay. I no longer support this business and will advise anyone else I know to do the same.
The GOOD: Service. The BAD & the UGLY... If I was in another country, okay... BUT, amazingly dirty!!!! You could "nate on the floor here and it would go unnoticed. Menus,tables, condiment containers all grungy. Kitchen trash overflowing onto the floor. I've been in gas station bathrooms on the wrong side of town cleaner then this place. Chefs dripping with sweat. I was adventurous though, tasty gooey pork dishes and small skewers of goodness. The unusual tasting Crab rice kicked my daughter horizontal for two days. So maybe they were off their game for our visit, BUT "NO MAS"
I always go to Ichiza because they serve good food for the right price, but I ordered some food to go and it included an order of veggie tempura.. Guys, 8 pieces of veggie tempura for $9.95 is too much. It even beats some of the casino prices! Then  I called to complain but all the owner said was.. "uhuh.. uhuh... well if you eat here the presentation is good.. uhuh.. uhuh.." He wasn't even listening.. so rude.. I felt very unimportant and insulted after all the years I've recommended this place to everyone who wants to eat late.. Anyway. This is my second and final review for this place.. A huge difference if you guys care to read my first review.. I'm sorry Ichiza but you just lost a customer.. not that you guys care anyway..
Food is good but their service is getting worse each time.. We came as a party of 7 and the bill was $208.38 which has already included 18% gratuity. We paid cash and addedextra $4 to make it 20% gratuity.. We went downstairs and this waitress named Mami yelled from upstairs saying that we owed her $1. It was very embarrassing for our whole group because of her action chasing after us with the bill in her hand. Everyone from the tea station was looking at us.. My sister went upstairs and talked to her.. The amount for the food was $169 and they automatically added 18% gratuity which was $208.38. We paid them in cash $212 with the extra $4. Someone internally from their restaurant took away that $4. . Well $1, $4.. Whatever it was that not our main concern... Is it proper to yell and chase after customer for 38 cents short from the gratuity so that whole mall can hear that??!!!. There was no apology from her at all.. No matter how awesome the food is... lousy customer service can turn customers away. That's really too bad... We used to visit this restaurant every time we visit Vegas. No more!!!
Ichiza is Ichiza..  Don't get me wrong, their food is delicious but my last couple of visits; their service is and employees are getting high on their pedestal.. . I went there tonight, Halloween night..... they were not busy at around 10 pm and had plenty of tables open.  There were 4 of the girls standing around admiring their costume and taking pictures of eachother with their cell phones while my wife and I patiently waited to be sat.  .  . It's a shame... this place WAS amazing. But the people here need to get off their high horse.
This place is disgusting. I've been here once before and left disappointed but I thought it was worth a second chance since so many people go here. If you're completely intoxicated and go here at three in the morning you'd give it 5 stars because everything tastes good at that time. Anyone that likes real 5 star Japanese cuisine knows better.. . From the second you walk in, you get hit with the smell of raw onions and rotten eggs. We started with the oysters on the half shell--inedible. They only carry a gigantic type of oyster that clearly isn't meant to be eaten raw. They were like 5" long and they didn't smell fresh. . . Everything after that was a blur. I barely are anything because every dish either looked or smelled unappetizing. Every plate was sitting on top of or marinating in layers of raw onions. Eww eww eww. And I like onions but they take it TOOOO far! . . If you're looking for authentic Japanese food that is worth the trip , don't go there. . . Never again! I left hungry.
I have NEVER gotten such worse service!  And I didn't even go to the restaurant!. . Let me start by saying, I am an avid sushi connoisseur but just recently moved to Las Vegas.  In the month that I have lived here, I have tried quite a few different places around West LV and Summerlin and thought I would try something along Spring Mountain.. . I called hoping this would be a great new place to dine and hopefully become my regular sushi spot as I have yet to find one.  . . Unfortunately, when I spoke with the man on the phone, he horribly let me down and left the worst possible representation of a business that I have every experienced!  I simply asked if there was a happy hour and before I could follow up his quick, "NO!" requesting if they took reservations, he interrupted me by informing me that he is too busy to talk and must go.   As I tried to delicately keep him on the phone to finish my inquiry on the establishment, he promptly HUNG UP ON ME!!  . . I tried to call back and on my return call, he answered and blurted, "I am too busy now, must go!"  And hung up!  . . Any business that expresses that kind of attitude toward a potential customer, should not be in business.  I can only imagine how they handle the customers in the establishment when they get "too busy!"  . . I refuse toeven consider this a place to go and will highly discourage any of my colleagues, friends, and clients from Ichiza as well.
I was a long time and loyal customer after I moved to Vegas 2 1/2 years ago and I went to this restaurant numerous times until when I start seem HUGE cockroaches. First time was my ex boyfriend came to visit so I intent to gave him a better impression after he dumped me so we sat at the sushi bar then he pointed at the wall and show me the HUGE cockroaches walking on the wall slowly across the bar, I was so stun but since I was such a LOYAL customer, I did not mentioned to the owner. I mentioned to the owner next time when I was there then the owner just looked at me for couple minutes and saying if NEXT TIME if I happen to see again, he will give me 10% off. WHAT?  NEXT TIME? he forgot how many times I already been there after all these 2 1/2 years? I mentioned to another management next time and got the same respond. I decide not to go this restaurant anymore. 1 month ago, I brought one of my new friend there for lunch then we saw the cockroaches again. I mentioned to the server that the reason I stop coming here because the cockroaches and now here's again and the owner's attitude. She did not do anything either. Couple days ago, I went to the restaurant tried to order the lunch special and I got there at 5PM sharp and the owner was calculating the total bill for the others and not even look me for a second, after couple minutes passed, he said the lunch was over at 5PM but I got there at 5PM, he did not even look at me. . . I swear in my life that I would NEVER going to step into this restaurant again after I waste my life at here for more then 2 years. Isn't the customer service most important for the Japanese restaurant?. . It's a pricy place and noisy and crowed place, just not sure why so many people go there for? You won't have a quality time for easily paying over $80+ for 2 people. The moist important is there's no SERVICE at all. The owner's attitude is even worth to hell. Don't get me wrong, I already ordered lunch special for over 50 times and their food has no problem at all but the owner is that kind of person since he sees so many customer coming up to the store, he forgot what's called SERVICE and APPRECIATION. He's taking for granted especially for a long term customer. . . Not only this restaurant is dirty, noisy and crowed and you have to wait for at least 1 hour in the night and also you will for sure join the dinner with the other insects if you are still want to go. Good luck for the people who still going.. . I am terribly upset right now when I am writing this post. I wish I had never spend that much money & time to this restaurant in my life.
Service is BAD and food quality is just OK... Disappointed! We ordered ramen and waited around 1 hour. Salmon fried rice and kata yakisoba were salty. Two items were served that we didn't order. I won't go back this place.
