Fire hazard and a shithole to boot. Was there over july 4th weekend, and the club was so dangerously overpacked that people would have probably died if any sort of fight or fire broke out there. We ended up having our table moved downstairs after the host tried to put us in a broom closet sized table for 8 of us. . . XS made this place look like a dump.
Not that great, the venue and dance floor is extremely small and can easily get very crowded on weekends. The DJ was quite untalented, pretty much sat in the front letting a CD play as he did nothing. Good bar though, ladies on most nightsget free mixed drinks for an hour.. . Overall I would not come back. XS, Marquee, and Rain is where it's at.
Still not a fan of LAVO nightclub. Went here for our comped drinks and danced for a bit and left. The dance floor is very small and doesn't compare to the energy you'd find elsewhere. There's not much going on here, nextttt.
This place was way too small to even be a nightclub and the vibe was not right! There was a mixture of all kinds of people and people of even different ages were in this club and most of my friends were not feeling like this was a good club at all. The music was wack, the drinks were wack, and the gogo dancers were not dancing sexy at all. Arent gogo dancers supposed to be super hot and sexy?
So bad!  There now. Everything is over salted.  Meatballs okay. Overall = LAME
This review is for the "nightclub" portion of Lavo, as we did not eat here... . . I despise the lines, the douchebaggeriness, and the crowds of all clubs in Vegas in general, as I'm the kind of guy who actually likes to dance when I go to a club. But Lavo makes everything significantly worse. Except the lines, because nobody wants to go here. Neither did we, but some of the girls wanted to dance and nobody wanted to venture out into the fucking blizzard to get to a better club. Alas, we walked over from our room at the Venetian and decided to check this place out. . . The first thing you'll notice is that this place is tiny. I mean FUCKING tiny.. . The second thing you'll notice is that it is ridiculously crowded. Let's make this very clear: you will NOT be doing any dancing here. If you're one of those creepers who considers "bouncing up and down while trying to grab a little bit of anything else bouncing up and down" dancing, then you might have a good time. If you've got any real moves, you'll be really sad because you'll never get to use them. And I'm fabulous as fuck, so I've got some serious moves.. . The third thing you'll notice is that it's hot as all hell because of all the disgusting people packed in like a can of sardines. I'm not a stickler for rules, but Lavo managed to actually make me say (and this is the lamest thing somebody could EVER say at a club): "Dude, we need to get a fire marshal in here..." And I meant it. I don't think I've ever thought that in any other situation in my life. Ever. . . I might be able to comment on more things about Lavo had I decided to stick around, but I did one walk around and decided I'm out. Save your effort and go somewhere else.
this place is tiny and dark. we came here for a drink and to check out the club early on a saturday night (around 11-12). the lemon drop we ordered was good but the vodka soda i ordered was gross. from the bar or lounge downstairs you see the club upstairs (and possibly up some girls's skirts!).. . to get to the club upstairs, they offer to transfer your drink from a glass to a firm plastic cup. they did this flawlessly. so i schlepped upstairs (like three or four flights i think) in my heels to walk around a tiny, cramped club. the dance floor is SMALL. each time the dj played a song and i was getting into it, he would switch the song. one song would be on for less than a minute before he changed it. kinda annoying.. . the bathroom is incredibly dark. i couldn't see myself at all to touch up. they had a ton of different soaps. heyyy, i just now get the connection (i.e. "lavo" means "i wash" in spanish. i suppose this explains the running sinks that flank the hallway on the way from downstairs to upstairs). . . too dark. too many stairs. small dance floor. bad drink. we bounced after like 20 mins. i am not coming back.
I hate this place. It is way too small. You can't move a MUSCLE. They let too many people in. Just stay downstairs and order some food. Seriously.
This "club" was relatively weak, especially or Las Vegas. The DJs were playing music that hasn't been popular for a few months, there were way too many guys on the dance floor, and the service staff was completely unprofessional.
The service here was downright awful. My girlfriend and I went in to check out the club around 10:00. The door guy was actually nice and told us the club opened at 11 and we could have a drink in the restaurant area until then. So we sat down and a waitress brought us a drink menu. However, she never came back to take our order. We were there for about a half hour before we finally left. She stopped by many times at the tables near us but never came to our table. We eventually left and when we came back to go to the club, we were greeted rudely by the bouncer and told to not even bother since we weren't on the guest list, even though we had a VIP coupon. Zero stars!!!! There are other clubs in Vegas.
STAY AWAY: This was quite simply the WORST meal I've ever had in Las Vegas, end of story. I ordered the pasta with seafood in what was supposed to be a spicy tomato sauce.  The seafood was OK but the pasta was virtually raw (I sent it back and the second coming was only marginally better) and the "sauce" might as well have come from a can of crushed tomatoes.  When I complained to the server I was told the kitchen prepares it "al dente" and did I understand what that meant?  Please - I'm a freakin' chef!  This linguini literally sat on my fork PARALLEL to the plate!  To add insult to injury, the whole mess took more than two hours with some of the most indifferent service I've ever had, and for a princely sum.. . Maybe the Vegas glitterati see something I don't (starting with the head-pounding noise and the nausea-inducing lack of lighting) but with all the other options in Las Vegas, this one deserves to close IMMEDIATELY.
Huge dissapointment. Service was lousy. It seemed like the waitstaff was completely untrained. Since I ordered the chicken parmesan, I felt like a side of pasta. The waiter let us know that "chef" didn't allow sides of pasta. He reccomended that my girlfried and I split the $19 pasta entree. Well "chef" had no right to not allow sides of pasta based upon how the rest of his food tasted. The chicken was overcooked to the point that it tasted burnt even under a layer of cheese. This wasn't even the worst part. The chicken parmesan was covered in so much garlic that not only could I not finish it, but it tasted more like garlic bread than the actual garlic bread did. Not impressed conisidering the amount of money I paid.
The most rude and obnoxious run restaurant in Las Vegas. i was there this past Friday night. The food was awful, the service was ok but the people who manage the place are the most unprofessional that i have ever seen. I have a lot of friends who travel to Las Vegas very frequently and i will tell them to cross this off their list! I have friends in the media as well and they will get the word too! Get off your high horse Lavo, Your place is not all that.  i also told the concierge group at the Encore and they  felt the same way.
I came here for the forth of July weekend on a Sunday and there was no line. I came towards the promoter/bouncer to ask him what was the cover. and he just walked away. I called him and he kept walking. I don't know if he was racist or just had a bad attitude. What a horrible place!
See my revue on TAO.. . This place is just as bad, times 10.. . If you want to have a good time avoid this club at all cost.. . It is SMALL.. The VIP area is always extra full. You fork over hundreds and it is no better than the standard dance floor.. . I wanna slit my wrists just thinking about this place! . . DON'T DO IT. JUST SAY NO!
(only for the nightclub) . . Safe to say.... this Vegas local will never be back here again. . . I may be biased as nightlife is not my thing, but I also still have enough knowledge to justly weigh the good and bad of things. I was really expecting good out of Lavo because the Palazzo is such a gorgeous and elegant hotel.. . I was in a large party of 10+ girls and we were referred there by a promoter. I give props to him as he was very persistent, welcoming, and was working EXTREMELY hard. When we got into the restaurant part of Lavo I could see he was working on multiple tables of parties that he had obviously lured in to the club. He poured us one small cup of... citrus vodka... and juice?? And we were ushered out and up to the club. . . The club entrance is not attractive in my opinion.  As Lavo does mean "wash" in Italian.. the theme is unattractive... running sinks & bathtubs. Plus, how can you feel clean and washed with a group of the scariest and most antiqued people I've seen all gathered into one big mess of a crowd.. I am not saying that the old(er) demographic should not get out and have fun, but this crowd looked like those who should understand life and alternate ways of fun. . . Of course, the bartenders and hostesses were very attractive and eye-catching, as were the girls who were invited to sit at tables as we were. If you are looking to look at women, this would be a good spot to come... but I assure you there are an abundance of other places I would recommend before Lavo. . . If you are looking to dance freely and have a little air to breathe, looking for a place that holds more adventure and a larger layout, and looking for somewhere to spend your entire night... go elsewhere.
LAVO pretty much ruined my Vegas trip. We were in Vegas for my girlfriend's birthday and we were staying at the Palazzo. The greeter at the door I guess worked at TAO nightclub and told us that if we ate here than we would receive free express entry into the nightclub for every entree that we purchased. TAO just happened to be the nightclub that all the girls wanted to go to and we were on the hungry side.. . We sat down and our waiter split us up into two tables. I wanted to get my usual seafood linguine, but I had it the night before so I was persuaded to try something else. I asked the waiter for his recommendations and he told me the swordfish.. . It's a pretty spacious room and you get to see everyone drinking their Voss bottled water. I thought it was weird that the sinks of the restrooms were visable from downstairs. Not the best layout in my opinion; when your guests can enjoy their meal and watch their fellow patrons drop a twosie.. . Even though we were seated and waited on at the same time as the second half of our party, the food arrive at very different times. We all pretty much ordered the same items, but everything came out sporadically. Not that I wanted my entree to be rushed out... The swordfish was dry and the serving size was pretentious. I understand that they were probably shooting for French servings, but when I saw the hefty dishes that others in my group received, I was a bit peeved.. . Nonetheless, this was not even the worst part of the night. The worst part came, when we got to TAO and the bouncers told us that the stubs that we received were only good at LAVO. At this point, I had had enough. I called over to LAVO and made my complaint to the hostess. She tried to convince me that for the longest time, the stubs would only allow them entry into LAVO. I argued with her and she even accused me of lying. After long deliberation, I spoke with the manager and she told me to get in contact with the manager at TAO. When I got back to TAO, the retarded bouncers wouldn't even let me talk to the manager. I'm surprised those Neanderthals knew how to conjugate words into sentences. Eventually I get to someone who I think can help me and they end up telling me we can get in with the stubs and that's how it's always worked. They need to get their freaking facts straight.. . Worst experience I've ever dealt with. I already had distaste for nightclubs in Vegas. This was just the straw that broke the camel's back.
This review is for the LAVO NIGHTCLUB only!!. . I'm giving this nightclub one star because of DJ Reach, who is possibly the worst DJ ever!! I believe he has a very easy job considering how terrible he is. Just select a playlist, hit play and keep his mouth shut. But apparently, that's just too hard for him or something. He would open his mouth every 5 seconds to shout out random words that nobody cared for. Yea, I know there are single ladies in the house; I'm dancing next to them. Stop interrupting the music and just let the music play!. . Another thing DJ Reach could not do is transitioning from song to song. You know what he does when he wants to transition to the next song? AIR HORNs!!! What the hell? When he does that, it's annoying and it doesn't make any sense. Songs don't match up? Doesn't matter because DJ Reach has his AIR HORN sound mapped out on his keyboard. YAY! Here's a quote from Wikipedia: "Club DJ turntable techniques include beatmatching, phrasing, and slip-cueing to preserve energy on a dancefloor." I should go to Wikipedia to remove "beatmaching, phrasing, and slip-cueing" and replace with "AIR HORNing".. . Oh yeah, the club is too small for the amount of people they stuffed inside.. . P.S. the night before, I had the pleasure of listening to DJ Jazzy Jeff over at club RAIN in the Palms. Now that's a freaking DJ!! Unlike this DJ Reach...blergh!!
So I had to think long and hard before giving a review to LAVO.  I booked VIP service through Nite Tours (they're great, btw... so please give them business if looking for VIP service in Vegas).  . . The club plays good music but it is absolutely crowded.  There is no room to socialize, no room to hang out (unless you drop a g on table and bottle service) and if you want to dance... forget it... the dance floor is packed and you are constantly being pushed around. . . I also paid $14 for a watered down rum and diet... which would've been ok had it been a good place to hang out.... but with the squalid conditions it offers, I'll go elsewhere.
its was a thursday night and one of my Co managers at our Rest. had a table there for his GF birthday. After we closed the bar I took one of my bartender with me to go check it out becasue I never been there before. When we got there the doormen were very rude( like all wanna be fat, tuff UFC clowns) I told them my friend had a table there after they ate dinner and they are still here and were on the list to going them. I also give him my card and told him i was a GM of a place in PH if they every needed anything trying to be nice. Still dick heads and wont let us in to see if my boy was there because my phone was dead. The manager came over and same thing just a dickhead. They didnt even care to let us check when we were on the list for the table. wowow . we went to TAO and walked right in because the Managers there were cool.
This is a review of the Lavo Night Club ONLY.. . We arrived at the door with passes for Lavo with our group of 17. We spoke with the door man and he told us that he could not accommodate 17 people, unless we purchased bottle service ($1500 minimum)....as they were letting about 20 people into the club who were not together. We asked if we broke our group up into smaller groups could we get in and and the bouncer said "No you already said 17, so you have to get bottle service or we cannot let you in" WTF!? Trying to force bottle service is tacky at best. What a joke. So we got out of line and wondered over to V Bar, where they were more than happy to accommodate our group without bottle service. Later I was told that Lavo was run by the same people who ran Tao Nightclub and it all made sense..... both places radiate douche bag ambiance. I expected more...
The Menu is very deceiving. . If you get a house special don't expect to get pasta with it like you would at a normal Italian restaurant. Which is what happened to me when I ordered my chicken Milanese and my friend who ordered a shrimp scampi. So I guess you can only get "pasta" in the pasta section. The spaghetti carbonara was extremely oily and too salty. . . The Service was TERRIBLE and it wasn't even a busy night. We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and it was pretty steady not overly crowded so I really don't understand the delay that we had with our meals.The appetizers arrived in a very timely matter, but after that it took about 45 minutes for the entrees to get to our table. The waiter never checked on our table to see if we liked our food until the very end when he knew we were upset. My friend ordered a baked potato as a side dish that didn't even arrive till the very end of the meal and they didn't even notice that we were missing one. Once we mentioned that we were waiting for our side it still took them almost 25 minutes to even bring it out to us, on top of that the baked potato was COLD! By then we were already done with the meal and asked if the potato could be taken off the bill. The only think I can say was good is that I never ran out of water because the bus boy was the only tentative one. I will not be returning.
If you are a local, BE WARNED:  LAVO is la lovely dining environment operated by "hustlers" for bar tenders and wait staff.  Nothing sophisticated or welcoming about the place.  Before you even situate yourself at the empty bar (5pm), the bar tenders yell "i'll need an id and credit card".  An ID and credit card in order to place an order for an appetizer at the empty bar because we were told to WAIT A WHILE for someone to come and seat us in the EMPTY dining room! ?!    No such thing as a "good evening" or "welcome" - to any patron that followed us.  Trying to get the wait staff to ask the kitchen for fettucci instead of spaghetti for our carbonara dish was nearly impossible.  When ordering iced tea with our dinner (which actually turned out to be tasteless filthy-looking water), the wait staff  told us "oh, and we charge $4 for refills of the iced tea".  No one cared to ask if our food was prepared to our liking, no interaction what so ever.  The food was average and the dining area is cramped for space.  We will not be returning to Lavo.  We prefer the personality, value, quality and consistency of food that WYNN AND ENCORE restaurants have to offer.  Upon leaving we asked the hostess for a comment card whereby she replied "we don't use comment cards".  That pretty much put the nail in the coffin for them.  Yelp was the next best thing.
Best part was the music!. . For a club at the Venetian, my friends and I were highly disappointed in their service. Cocktail waitresses are extremely rude. Must be, because they don't want the attention taken from them. Most likely not going to be at Lavo anytime soon. . . There are so many other places that provide the same things with BETTER SERVICE!!! . . door guys were nice and the bartenders were great... Just be careful to not steal the spot light from the cocktail waitresses!
This nightclub is disgusting, trashy & classless. Definitely not a Vegas-worthy establishment.. . Bouncers....um assholes much? They cut off our girls' open bar wristbands for no apparent reason. Damn I know my girls are smokin hot but don't throw a pout cuz they didn't flirt back with you.. . The line was indeed small but like any other clubs, they try to make it look poppin by allowing 1-2 persons in per every 30 mins. Not very smart & efficient. Clubs make more money off of alcohol bought inside the club & not on cover. So get everyone in fast & you'll profit from that. Duh.. . My gal friend is a legit Vegas regular so we got hooked up with VIP (reduced admission for guys & no cover for girls) and line-skip tickets. It was $10 entry for guys with the VIP ticket.. . The venue & space was dark, ugly, small, and awkward. Like a dirty asshole you don't wanna fuck no matter how desperate you are for some fun & action. That restaurant downstairs TOTALLY destroy the nightclub vibe. Seeing families eating while you're inebriated is not the business !!. . Open bar = cheap alcohol & limp drinks. I believe there was only one big bar on top of the dancefloor. Speaking of dancefloor, it was tiny, yet there was still room to dance. Hence there were barely anyone in the club for a Sunday night.. . If a club doesn't play house....I don't consider it a club. I don't mind hip hop either but the DJ was playing rap & underground rap mixed with a little bit of hip hop. Um what? This isn't some ghetto club. Play some Kaskade or Jay-Z please. kthanks.. . The people...HAH. That's all I have to say. . Invest your time and money at XS or Marquee !! Where the party is crackin hayyyyy
beware of josh blaha.
This review is for the nightclub only, I have never eaten at Lavo, mainly because I have zero desire to dine in clubs.. . My criteria for a good club experience is simple- good music, somewhat friendly staff, convenient bar space, and decent layout/ambiance. Lavo has none of this.. . We rented a table and were there with a group of about 20.  We were smushed upstairs behind the DJ booth and about 4 people could actually sit around said table. This was a Tuesday night  at midnight during CES so it was pretty packed, but if you allow someone to spend $1000+ on a table there should be space for people to move. That place is so tiny- I cant believe it is even considered a club. The music was TERRIBLE. I am not a lover of techno but I can tolerate any decent music with a good beat. It was the same ungst ungst ungst song on repeat.  I was wondering why the music was so god awful when they loudly announced the guest DJ for the night.....Kris Jenner (yes, the Kardashians mom) was spinning for us. WTF?? Why is Lavo paying her 20K to "spin?"  That explained a lot.  After about 20 minutes my friends and I decided our heads would explode if we stayed one minute longer and go to leave. Apparently, one of my friends walked on the "wrong side of the rope" as we were walking out and the bouncer grabber her arm and pulled her away. Then he rudely yelled at her to "get the F out of here".  I was stunned that this man/ogre had not only grabbed her little arm and shoved her but yelled at her. I stomped downstairs and told another man/ogre bouncer what happened and asked to speak to a manager.  He was nice (did not grab my arm and yell at me), but not helpful. I will never come back here. There are so many other fun clubs in Vegas (Marquee, XS, etc) don't waste your time at this one!!
Awful!  The dish I order was DRIPPING in oil and I didn't order a plate of hot olive oil with a few pieces of pasta!  Ewwwwww! Will not be back!!  The service was terrible and the staff unfriendly.  I expected MUCH better!
Was not impressed by my dinner. How does one prepare Marinara Sauce without garlic? No recommendations coming from this dissatisfied party.
For the Super Bowl party..... . Food was just ok. Kept running out. If you didn't have a reserved table, hardly any seats. Tv's rather small and a bad angles. Save your money.
Food was delicious. But was overshadowed by the scavenger b!tch waitresses at the bar as we waited to be seated. The waitress was asian with tattoos all over her. Real classy huh? She shouldve tattooed her ugly face so i couldve kept my appetite a little better. Anyhow my girlfriend, another couple and I were here for vday and the night was ruined when we were kicked out of our seats so 5 caucasian males in suits can be seated. We did not spend over $300 for dinner to be treated like this. NEVER AGAIN WILL WE COME HERE TO EAT UNLESS I WANT TO BE DEGRADED LIKE ITS THE 50's again.
I experienced the worst night in my life in Lavo. It started out with tiny $14 drinks served an indifferent and apathetic female bartender, then later ignored by the tattoo'd waitresses. They then allowed my friends to enter the nightclub but I was left in the bar area because I had brown shoes and they had black. After waiting hours for my friends to return, I begged the staff and the manager to allow me to enter just to get the keys from my friends so I could leave, or even have someone escort me for 5 minutes if they felt brown leather shoes in a dark night club were a fashion faux pax. They were totally uncooperative and unhelpful. I waited until nearly 3 am listening to blaring loud music, being bumped into dozens of times  - with never one person even saying "excuse me". Meanwhile I saw a waitress wearing only panties and a bra with stripper nylons and shoes go into the nightclub and patron girls wearing sandals and even taking their shoes off. It an arrogant crappy attitude.
Came ona Sunday which was hip hop. Crappy dj, rude crowd, tiny dance floor. Girls get free drinks but make sure you don't share with your guy friends because they will get kicked out.
***Club Review***. . My friends and I got in without having to pay the $20+ cover because we were in town for NAB and our passes got us in for free. That was the one of the few good things of our experience here. The DJ and the music was also pretty good. No complaints there. I'm not even complaining about the $8 I spent on a Newcastle.. . I am however complaining about the staff with attitudes that work here. I'm also raising an eyebrow at the staff about our missing items. Here's what went down:. . Sunday 4/15. On the dancefloor, a random patron taps my friend on the shoulder to ask him if he lost a cell phone. My friend looks at the phone, says it's not his, then witnesses the patron turn the phone in to the DJ. Several moments later, my other friend realizes that his cell phone is missing only to find out that this was the same phone that was found earlier. Both friends go to club security with the info that the phone was given to the DJ only to find out that club security took it to hotel security. Hotel security has no record of it.. . Tuesday 4/17. While in line to get in, one of our friends steps away to find hotel security to hopefully get more info on his missing cell phone. When he returns, the club bouncer immediately extracts him from the line. I understand that he was only doing his job and not letting people cut. But rather than telling him to get to the back of the line, he flat out tells him to leave. He wasn't gonna let him into the club! I mean, our friend wasn't even intentionally cheating his way in. I'm sure that the 2 people in line behind us didn't mind that we saved our friend's spot in line but even if they did, we wouldn't try to disrespect them. The bouncer just wanted to throw his power trip around on a tuesday night. After some major ass kissing on my friend's part, the bouncer finally let him go to the back of the line.. . On the dancefloor, another friend realizes that her clutch purse is no longer on her wrist. In a panic, our whole group is searching the entire club for the purse. Club security notifies us that it was found but when they hand it over, her iPhone is missing. One of the guys in our group continued to question club security about the missing iPhone who claims that they haven't found one. But in desperation, our friend says to security "I'll pay you $20 for the iPhone" and security's response was "Wait, what color did you say it was?" WTF??? Why did security suddenly change their story the moment my friend offered a bribe?. . I do however have to say that the random patrons that we met at this place has been extremely cool and genuinely concerned with all the bad stuff that kept happening to us throughout the night. We even got invited to hang out in the VIP area for table service by a few different groups. Again, I understand that staff is doing their best to make sure that the tables stay reserved for those who reserve it. So when one of the waitresses told us that we had to leave, I tried to politely explain to her that the people who reserved the table invited us to drink with them. She responded with the biggest attitude: "Don't yell at me!" Um...hello? I wasn't yelling at you. I'm just talking loud because we're in a club and if I don't talk loud then you won't be able to hear me!. . The staff here needs to get over themselves. SMH.
Way too much attitude, terrible service, super super salty foods. Waited forever for my glass of wine, we asked for place settings multiple times (finally arrived after our food), both the beets salad & margarita pizza were soaked in salt, servers have WAY too much attitude. It's "trendy" & the location is perfect but overall NOT worth it!
Horrible place! Security is VERY rude! I was there for an hour and had 2 drinks. I got kicked out because some girl pushed me! 3 securities took me to the back, thru the kitchen and put me in an elevator. The elevator that the employees use. It smelled and was dirty! One of the guys Asked for my ID and took my info down. They drew an X on my wrist stamp. I was treated like shit! I never want to come back! If you guys are going to have open bar for all the ladies please know there is going to be pushing and shoving and that gives you guys no right to kick someone out in that manner! At least escort me to the front entrance!!!!!
We went to Lavo over the Memorial Day weekend and it was not one of the better experiences I had.  We sat outside on the balcony, which is awesome.  The waiter we had was outstanding and tended to our every need.  The downfall to the evening was the food poisoning I endured while in the restaurant.  We ate dinner and were sitting having some after dinner conversation when I was sick to my stomach.  I apologize to anyone who may have been sitting near me, but it struck me like a brick upside the head.  They asked if it was due to the alcohol I drank, however the first drink I had and the only food I had to eat was at Lavo.  Overpriced and unless you like ruining your vacation, I would avoid this place like the plague!
So, I get to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year, to relax and enjoy good food.  Overall, I would have to say the most mediocre dining experience I have had has been at Lavo.  To even be in the same complex as Bouchon is a travesty. . . So we enter (party of 2) 10 min early for our reservation, and were greeted, given a pager, and asked to wait - no problem, good start.. . Sit down in the waiting area, too a while, but ordered a drink - ok no issues there.. . Buzzer goes off, I walk back to the hostess station, and say 'I have ordered drinks, but they haven't arrived yet' - the answer - 'OK, go back, and wait to settle the bill and come back when you get your drinks'.  Really?  How about sending them to the table. Seriously?  Go back and wait and do a transaction?  Fine, so we go back and wait for the drinks.  Drinks arrive, I have to do the back and forth dance settling the transaction - go get bill, deposit cash, wait for change, etc....So I go BACK to the hostess station and they say - "Ok, it will be a minute".  So I am standing there with a beer, and my dining partner has a full to the brim martini waiting..... . The hostess now navigates us to the table.  We were PACKED in there,  like have to move the tables around so your aren't bumping into people around you.  Not only is it packed but it is EXTREMELY loud.  I mean really really loud, barely able to hear the person across from you.  I am all for hip joints that have a buzz, but some conversation would be nice.  Maybe this is the spot to take the 'professional help' out to so you don't actually have to fake a conversation?. . Menu seemed nice, nothing OMG.. . Ordered 1/2 doz oysters, asked varieties, told they had Kushis (my fav) and the Ricotta topped Meatball to start.  Split a pasta main (Eggplant and Buffalo Mozzarella) and have to sides of sauteed spinach and mushrooms.. . The Meatball and Pasta were pretty darned good.  Not awesome, but good.. . Oysters - They arrived - not Kushis but Kumomotos - didn't make a fuss, no bigs.  Eat 3 of them, go for a 4th and once it hist the mouth, instantly know it is bad, the OMG don't puke bad.  Try to gracefully spit it out.. . Waiter comes, I comment to him that the oysterman should keep an eye out, I got a bad one, and usually they travel in clumps - response 'sorry'.  That was it, 'sorry'.  Not "GEE thanks for the heads up, sorry if you would have drowned that oyster in cocktail sauce and swallowed it you would have blown chunks all over - man I am glad you didn't do that, gee what can we do to help out" - nada, nothing.. . Spinach - I love garlic.  I really love the stinking rose - BUT YOU HAVE TO COOK IT.  This was covered in raw garlic.  I mean loaded with raw garlic - basically an inedible 11 dollar side dish of spinach.. . Mushrooms - They were hammered and burnt.  If you like almost dried out crunchy mushrooms with a great burnt taste, sure why not.. . I mention both to the waiter, get the same "sorry".. . At this point I must sound like an annoying D Nozzle where this post would end up on whitewine.com, but honestly I am a pretty relaxed guy and can roll with the punches.  I get yelled at by customers all day, and can appreciate that a negative experience is an outstanding opportunity to build loyalty based on how you handle the situation.... . So I get the bill - nothing addressed, full price, rotten oysters, inedible spinach, and burnt mushrooms and all.. . The only good news is that is was so farking noisy in the place, I couldn't even express my frustration to my dinner partner.. . Did I mention the couple next to us?  Arrived as we placed our 'water' order.  He ordered soup, both had a main - his was ravioli and hers was a baseball fillet (requested medium).. . They got their food when we were PAYING our bill.  Fillet - yup you guessed it, on the rare side of medium rare (I was thinking self, that looks perfect, wonder if she wants to trade for inedible spinach and burnt mushrooms).  Had to send it back.  Really - a fillet?  You cant even get a fillet order right?. . I am sure Lavo is the too cool for school place to hang out and show off your black mini-dress, pay premium price for food that is wildly inconsistent.  Order drinks - sure!  Order the meatball and drinks at the bar and then do some more walking - sure!  Have a nice dinner where you can talk to your partner and actually eat a 3 course meal - not so much.  . . I think you get my drift
This review is for the nightclub.. . This is just another club with roided out bouncers who push people around for show and aren't expected to defend their actions. They are rude, unreasonable, and stupid. They were constantly rousting everyone in the bathroom line to scoot over an inch like it was the biggest deal in the world. I'd be somewhat willing to put up with that at a big club, but Lavo is TINY. It would be much better suited as a lounge, and  would still be small for even that. There was no room on the little dance floor, and everyone kept getting stepped and spilled on. A basic, small rum and coke was $13...do not come here sober.. . Only come here as a back up plan, and do anything you can to not pay cover because it is NOT worth it. You're better off taking that money to roulette.
$1350 for bottle service.  Terrible.  We had a table, but they don't have a really defined area, so people were milling into our area.  They just put up ropes, which people move.  We basically kept getting shoved into our table.  Not good.  And a fight broke out.  Classy.  Is was SO crowded (even the staff was complaining)...it took forever to even walk to the door because of the mass amount of people.  I'm sure it was a fire hazard.  It was claustrophobic and awful.  The place is small, so you'd think they'd limit the number of people allowed in.  But no.  We were sardines...that paid $1350.  Avoid avoid avoid.
Bunch of old guys. Really small club. They open at 10:30 for the record not 10:28 (those were the kind of comments some of the door men were saying). Overpriced for a club that will be closed by 2013 for sure. . Too many other options in Vegas to settle for this place
We went on a Sunday night and we ordered a few bottles for bottle service. The club was pretty small and stuffy. Our cocktail server was supposed to stay with our group and pour drinks for us the whole night, but instead left and came back and forth. We were paying a lot of money, and it would be nice to have the server at least stay at our table and keep pouring our drinks.  It wasn't that busy for her to be gone majority of the time.
Restaurant: two stars.  Good steak, dry pasta.  Service was fast.  We had our meal within 5 minutes of ordering.  I am pretty sure they had it cooked in advance, which probably explains why the pasta was little dried out instead of fresh.  . . Club: zero stars.  This club is tiny.  They don't actually have tables.  If you pay $350 for bottle service, then you get four seats on a couch with a very small nightstand on the floor in front of you.  If you don't "buy" a seat, forget sitting at the bar.  It only has room for the first 5 people to arrive.  The only place we visited with worse service and attitude was Marquee.  There are other clubs far superior.  The night I was there, the crowd did not impress, either.  Boys sitting on one side of the room, girls on the other, very little chemistry.
Extremely RUDE and OFFENSIVE place!  I went last week with friends for a drink And dance. As we were ready to leave, one security guy stopped us and asked for my ID. I showed it to him. He looked at it and didn't say anything and threw us our from the back door. He even put a cross on my wrist! We complained to the manager at the door, who agreed that we weren't making any trouble or drunk but he couldnt explain his staff's behavior. However the manager did not apologize to us. DO NOT GO to this club unless you are ready to be treated like crap!
The club might be awesome but restaurant is a different story. The food was very disappointing, and the hostess even worst. She wouldn't seat our party (we had made reservations the day before) until the rest of the group showed up. What kind of a place makes you stand to wait?!
AWFUL CLUB, terrible service, never met a dumber group of bouncers. Got kicked because the table next to us was being rowdy even though we spent upwards of 700$ on a bottle. Idiot manager couldn't even give us a reason for kicking us out other than "someone in your group was misbehaving" if you saw someone acting stupid in a club, would you kick out the people around them? no. club was DISGUSTING is it that expensive to hire janitors? Also I couldn't believe how prostitute invested the club was, I wasn't aware clubs hired prostitutes to up the ratio of guys to girls, super low if you ask me. Extremely unprofessional staff. Again i can hardly put into words how stupid the bouncers were, met this 17 year old at LAVO who used the jenkiest fake ID to get in and he said he didn't have a problem, him and 3 of his friends had no problem getting into a 21+ VEGAS NIGHTCLUB. I didn't feel like I was in vegas that night but maybe Atlantic city or some club in Fresno. NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR, SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GO TO MARQUEE OR XS. . . PS the DJ SUCKED, dj scratchy or scrappy? some lame dj from LA i could have found better talent on my list of facebook friends.
The first time I came here, the spaghetti carbonara was too salty to eat (and I love salt), but I remember their meatballs being ridiculously good and that's why I decided to return. The meatballs are still godly, and this would have been a good meal had the waitress not pissed me off. . . She greeted our table and asked us if we would like sparkling or still water. But not like "Would you care for some sparkling or still water?"- you know- like it's optional. It was more like "Would you like sparkling or still water?"- like you have two choices...what kind would you like...the fancy kind, or the regular kind? I said "Uhh...I guess  I'll have the still water. " She brought over a bottle of water with the restaurant logo on it, which is common for complimentary water served at upscale restaurants, and poured us a couple glasses. I didn't think anything of it until a busboy came around a little later with a normal aluminum pitcher and asked us if we wanted refills on water. The waitress ran over and said "Noooooooo!!!! They wanted still water!!!" I then interjected and said, "Wait a minute...did I just pay for  water? I'm sorry...I didn't realize I was being charged for "still" water. Jesus Christ, just give me the free water. Tap water. Whatever the fuck you call it.". . So that pitcher of "still" water ended up costing $8.00 and the waitress didn't seem very remorseful about it. Look...I'm in Vegas. I obviously am prepared to pay ridiculous prices for drinks. But I'm not cool with paying for tap...oh sorry... "still" water. I'm not fooled by the fancy bottle with the Lavo logo on it. Come on. It's the same shit. Admit it. So I didn't like the deceptive upsell tactics. If you were more up front with me, Slim Shady, I would have left more than a 15% tip.. . I probably won't come here again.
Terrible business, will not return! Requested a patio seat, wherein the receptionist was busy answering phones and doing other tasks, even at one point after telling her our request, took a phone call and then asked us again our preference. We then waited our 30 minutes, and they tried to seat is at a table behind the bar! When we said this is not what we had requested, the manager told us they did not have any seats outside and we would have to wait again!! We said no thanks, and left the hotel to which there were SEVERAL open tables outside! Unacceptable, and the manager did not help or assist us in any way! Don't waste your time...
Don't eat here.  I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.  They seated our party in a semi-circular booth, with me sitting in a chair at the edge of the table.  People were running in to me the whole 2 hours we were there, and we were there for 2 hrs because it took over an hour and a half from when our order was placed until our food was brought out.  When they finally did bring out the food, they had dropped my meal so I had to wait another 15 minutes before I could eat.  They didn't even offer to take anything off my bill for the inconvenience.  All of this would have been at least tolerable if the food had at least been good, but it wasn't.  I ordered veal parmigiana, and the meat was so thin and the cheese piled on so thickly that you couldn't even taste the veal.  This was definitely the worst dining experience of my life.  Next time I'm in Vegas with people wanting to go to Lavo, I'm skipping out on it and going to In-n-Out Burger.
Note: This is for the nightclub only! . . 1. LAVO needs a separate restaurant and nightclub business page. 2. Apparently, Sunday is a "neon theme." This nightclub gave me deja vu  of my 8th grade promotion dance. That might sound harsh but the music was horrible rap that personally, gave me a headache. . 3. The bartender that was making our drinks was rude.. 4. This place is TINY and not well built in my opinion. I get that its a nightclub so you are supposed to feel like you are in a tight, enclosed space but that doesn't mean the venue is actually supposed to be the size of a bedroom in NYC. I wasn't there for that long cause I couldn't take the music but I only saw one bar which was extremely crowded. Around the bar were "tables" which was really just a booth style seating with no privacy because thats the only pathway to get around the bar. . . Additionally, if I were dining in the restaurant I really wouldn't want people leaving and entering the nightclub to be walking above me with the chance of someone who had one too many sips of alcohol to hurl over the balcony when walking in or out of the club.
Unfortunately, I had a pretty poor experience at LAVO despite of the great interior design, funny bathrooms, good music, and above-average desserts. I think the problem with this place is the price/performance ratio. The complimentary garlic bread was decent. We ordered 2 appetizers: calamari and eggplant parmegiano. Calamari was barely OK but eggplant was good. The main platter that I had was seafood pasta for $38 and the dish was super salty and acidic due to overuse of tomatoes. My wife ordered one of the fish dishes over which they poured balsamic vinegar without double checking with my wife. She was so disgusted with the fish she had to send it back. The next fish she got was salty as well but at least she thought it was well cooked. We finished the dining experience with an order of 2 desserts and both were above average. Overall, pretty average food that you can probably get elsewhere 1/3 of the price with a much better taste.. . My biggest problem was our waitress. After she took our drink and appetizer orders, she disappeared for 20 mins. When our appetizers showed up, I asked another poor fellow whether we are gonna be able to order the main dishes if our princess waitress decides to show up. She came over in another 5 minutes, didn'teven apologize and pretended like nothing happened. We had to wait for the main dishes for another 30 mins. We didn't get water refreshments and I think we have been only asked once if we need more drinks in that time. When the food came, I was already feeling filled but ate the whole thing because I was very angry (and it is super hard to make me angry).  When my wife's food turned out to be bad, the manager came over and apologized so +1 for the manager.. . Overall, we paid for 4 people about $350 w/o a bottle of wine or anything like that. If we only paid $150-$200 I could have been still OK but at this price range I expect high quality services to be delivered. Really disappointed in LAVO, never coming back and never sending any of my friends there. Sorry, Palazzo.
Wait for it...wait for it...wait for it...has it been 10 minutes yet? That's how long we waited on a not so crowded 7pm on Saturday night at our table before we left. But before we left, we watched not one, not two but at least three ear piece wearing managers walk by our table looking all too important but doing nothing. And 3-4 servers leaning against a wall and too many bus people without water in their hands walk by our table. We went across the lobby to CarneVino where we enjoyed first class service and a great meal. We told our server what just happened and he said, "It's a nightclub, not a restaurant!" Couldn't have said it better.
Was thinking about hosting a big event here, but the manager didn't show up for the scheduled appointment even when I confirmed 24 hours prior.  Very unprofessional.
Hmm...This was a last nite in Vegas and wanted a fancy dinner.    Looking back this was a pretty heavy meal, we should have not done it the last nite.   We were celebrating friend's bachelorette party and we got the package that includes entrance to Tao afterward.      It was pre determined menu and personalized which I thought was a great touch.   Was really looking forward to the last nite and just talking with the girlfriends.    We arrive and seated promptly.    Get to table and no thinking and our appetizers come.   It would have been nice to get our drink orders in at least.   So we are chit chatting talking barely made a dent in out apps and then our salads come out.      So now our tables is covered in food and its coming to fast.    . . I call over waiter and ask him to give us some time in between courses.   We received the apps and salads in matter for 10 minutes.      As we are talking another party comes but at our tables.     They are obviously drinking and making a distracting scene.     Yes I know it is Vegas and every one drinks.   But that doesn't mean you act ignorant.     However our dinner comes 10 minutes later and we still haven't finished our apps or salads so food is on table getting cold.     In the meantime, other table is getting louder and louder.    I ask the waiter to ask them to bring it down  a bit.     He then proceeds to tell me the table is friends with the owner.    And I said I understand I just want the to turn it back a little.     Not less than 1 minute later, the waiter goes to the table and tells them I wanted them to be quiet.    . . The other tables then starts to act ignorant (Dear Owner, I hope you talk to  your friends, it is bad reflection of the ownership)    We ignore them but livid with waiter on how he handles situation.    I ask the waiter to bring manager. The manager does not show up for 15 minutes.    Come to find out the waiter, tells manager that we started an altercation with other table.   I then grow livid.    We just finished our meal and left...Such a disappointment.
Do never ever go there they are stealing money From people I order a shot of tequila cost me 60$$$$$$$. Be careful from these bartenders
My Wife made reservations for us at Palazzo for my Birthday. We had read that Lavo was great for the Sunday Brunch so we decided to start the day with the Brunch. Lavo opened at 10:00AM and we arrived a few minutes before opening. When we arrived there were already people in the waiting area therefore we figured that it would be best to check in with the hostess in case they get busy. . Upon greeting the hostess we were given a strange look like what are you doing here and then she said can I help you. We told her we were there for the Brunch at which time she said they were not open and we could wait. Remember, we were three minutes early. We walked around until we noticed a couch near the dining area and we decided to wait here. After 20 minutes of waiting and watching an unorganized staff the hostess came to us and asked if we were waiting for a table. We told her once again that we were waiting for a table and she then proceeded to a table in the dining room for us to have a seat. We asked if the terrace was available as we had read that the terrace was nice. She did not know and had to ask a server who told her yes. The hostess then directed us to the terrace where we were seated and provided menus. . After another 15 minutes of not being helped or even acknowledged we got up and walked out. As we left all of the wait staff was in the area and not one of the staff asked us if we needed anything. as we walked past the hostess station there was another employee there that appeared to have some level of authority as they were in business attire. As we were leaving I said to her that we were leaving after 30 minutes of waiting and there was not response. We left and went to Mario Batli's Enoteco Otto where we had a wonderful experience.
