This used to be my favorite casino until now.  They used to reward their players (Grazie Club) with generous comps/offers.  The marketing department has decided that ,since they are doing so well with trade shows and conferences, they no longer need to care about their patrons anymore.  Out goes the offers or comps.   . . All of their Grazie Club players (Gold and Platinum) are complaining on their Facebook fan page.  No one has received any offers for this year.  Numerous phone calls to them have gotten the same lame canned excuses/answers.  Shame on you Palazzo/Venetian.  You advertise and  encourage people to join the Grazie club and play to become Gold and Platinum for special offers and comps.  It's all lies.   . . Take your business elsewhere like Wynn or MGM.  They are still rewarding their players.  Bye bye Palazzo/Venetian.
Ok, let's start with the good:. . 1. Spacious and beautifully designed rooms with luxurious-looking decor.  I loved the deep red velvet upholstered settees/benches placed at the ends of the beds.. . 2. Location location location.  The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian and is just a stone's throw away from the Wynn, Encore, and Fashion Show mall, which gives you great access to dining, shopping, etc.  There's also a Walgreens just outside of the entrance so you can shop for basics such as water, toiletries, snacks, etc w/o having to pay an arm and a leg for the hotel's marked up prices.. . Okay, now let's talk about the VERY BAD:. . My girls and I booked the Palazzo for my bachelorette party based on all the positive reviews.  There were six of us total and we booked 2 rooms.  We called one week prior to our reservation to request early check in since our flight would be arriving around 11-ish.  Usually, check in is around 3pm.  The reservationist I spoke to over the phone told me that it wouldn't be a problem.. . When we arrived, however, we were told that only one room would be available and they didn't know when our second room would be ready, but would call us once it was.  We were a little annoyed, but figured we had a least one room to get settled in.  And what a room it was!  At first glance, our room was spacious and lovely.  However, once we got over the amazing decor, we noticed that there was garbagestrewn around the room from the previous occupant.  Housekeeping was obviously doing a VERY half-assed job.  Then one of the girls noticed that the bathroom hadn't been cleaned properly, there was a bar of soap left on our countertop with what looked like a pubic hair stuck to it, ew!  And the toiletries (lotion, soap, shampoo, etc.) had not be restocked.  There was also a smear of what looked like pasta sauce across the bedroom wall.  Gross!  And then, one of my girls opened the nightstand drawer and found a ziplock bag full of hypodermic needles and medicine vials.  OMG!  We called the front desk right away and they told us that they would send housekeeping up ASAP.  At this point, we decided to go have lunch and do a little sight-seeing, expecting our room to be properly cleaned when we came back.. . Several hours later, when we returned, our room was still filthy.  We had dinner to go to and a show to catch so we just crossed our fingers that everything would be tidied up later in the evening.  We got back a little before midnight and our room was still in the same state.  We just ended up having to clean it up ourselves.  Not the greatest way to spend the first night of your bachelorette party.  I decided I would call them in the morning.. . At around 7:30am, I called the front desk and told them about what happened and how they failed to make a good first impression for me.  The front desk clerk was very apologetic and offered to waive the resort fee as well us upgrade us to higher rooms with better views.  She told us to pack up our things and at a little after noontime, someone would come up to move our luggage to our new rooms.  She said that I would receive a phone call as soon as everything was ready.  That sounded great and I totally took her up on the offer.. . Unfortunately, by around 3:30pm, I had not received a single call.  We had things to do and places to be and all our stuff was still sitting in our luggage, waiting to be moved to our new rooms.  I decided to call the front desk and ask them what the holdup was.  The front desk clerk I spoke to told me that our rooms HAD been ready for quite some time and asked if I wanted our luggage to be moved up.  Well, yeah!  If the rooms had been ready, what the hell were was everyone waiting around for?  It took another 30 minutes for them to send someone up.. . Once the bellboy arrived to help us move our luggage, we we took the elevator to our new rooms, which were pretty much the same, except that they were situated higher in the building.  I had expected something a little more luxurious to make up for what had happened up until this point, but oh well, at least it was clean.  While the bellboy was unloading our luggage, I told him that half of the luggage would be going to the other room so he didn't have to unload it all.  He seemed confused.  "Other room?"  Uh oh.  Turns out we only had ONE room prepared for us.  I had to make another irate phone call to the front desk to clear up the problem.  I was civil as I could be, but had obvious grounds to be frustrated.  At one point, the front desk clerk that I was speaking with got loud and hostile with me, her attitude was pretty much: "Well what do you want me to do about it?!"  Well, how about some better customer service?  I wasn't asking for anything except for them to do their jobs correctly.  At this point, I was transferred to her supervisor, who really didn't do any more than apologize and waive some nominal fee off our rooms, like $30 for our entire stay.. . Terrible.  Wouldn't stay here again.
Trying to book a room lastnight close to midnight for my buddy. This piece of crap place cause they can't hire enough people to answer their damn phones. I called there 702 number and waited 45 minutes. Nobody picked up I call from my home number to their 866 number and someone picked up right away. . . THIS PLACE DOESN'T WANT YOUR BUSINESS because I mention a room rate based off an email from that my buddy gets almost weekly and they don't believe me. She tells me oh we send out over 300 mailers. What kind of customer service is that? She just wanted to us to pay $100 dollars more. I asked about a AAA rate and or Kayak rate. She can't match or give us the rate. In order to get a AAA discount I have to go through AAA to get it. All these inconveniences isn't worth my time and their place is nice BUT, that is the word BUT I can go somewhere else since most of the time I'm at the casino gambling. . . Then that reservation chick tells me I can't pre-pay on my cc unless I fax my credit card in to authorize it so my buddy can check in without me. That's absurd!! I've never heard that BS before. I book rooms for conferences for co-workers and I don't have to be there to check in with them. . . Finally she transfer me into a black hole to supposedly the front desk to get this form faxed or emailed to me.  We wait for five minutes and then I call from my cell back to the 702 number and the front desk answers right away. She tells me why did I hang up and I explained that their phone system SUCKS! The front desk chick tells me to tell the Reservation person that I authorize my card to be pre-pay for the room and then transfers me back in the cue. Guess what we wait in that stupid cue for 20 minutes before we attempt to call back on the 866 number which didn't work the second time around. . . I'm not a high roller and maybe that's the case but I don't need this kind of BS. There is plenty of other HOTELS. This place can shove it in this economy. . . Word of advise to the owners. If you do send out mailers then add some kind of code cause I had to describe the mailer and it's content to the reservation person which really made me feel like a criminal trying to get the best rate based off of your junk email. Even yelp has a cheaper rate.
We booked 3 suites for a Girls' Weekend and the hotel was the only disapointing aspect of our stay. Though we had booked far in advance, in order to get our rooms on the same floor as we requested, we had to wait long past the initial check in time. They were uncaring and unapologetic about the fact that we couldn't get ready in our rooms in order to make our show reservations that evening.. . The rooms were spacious but tired. Handles were missing on the chipped furniture and the lock was irreparably broken on our safe. The man who tried to fix the safe was not only unsuccessful; he was not helpful and very unfriendly.. . The day we checked out, we asked for a late check out. We were denied because they said they were booked. When we reminded them we didn't get to check inat the normal time, they told us we had until noon to get out. I called the hotel on my cell phone and was told they did have available rooms so not only are they rude, they are dishonest.. . I am a very nice person and usually get great service. It's not as though we caused any problems or were even drinking. There was absolutely no reason for their terrible service but there it was. . . The only good thing about the hotel was the Canyon Ranch Spa. Though the restaurant manager messed up our gift cards and tried to tell us we had already used a card we had not (he eventually figured out it was his error and apologized), the massages and the facility were very nice.
Unless you're a newly minted adult who needs to drink, smoke and gamble 24x7 and believes that Kim Kardashian and Snooki define good taste and style, stay away! This place is pure trash for any discerning traveller.   Everything about The Palazzo- the rooms, the service, the food, the crowd, the pools- is marginal at best.  And, contrary to the reservation agent, it is NOT a family friendly hotel or 5-star property by any means.
I have never been more upset leaving a hotel ever!!!. First there were dozens of ant colonies that we found in our "Sienna Suite" and then the room service was terrible.  They were always an hour late, the food was terrible.  The "Free" drinks from the waitstaff were so terrible that the booze actually gave me a headache.. Then because I apparently did not gamble enough, the casino renegged their "Comp Food and Beverage" even though they promised this to me before I came out to the desert there.  I will never, ever stay there again. . . If you want to stay at an amazing place, gorgeous and elegant, stay at Wynn Resort and Casino.  Luxury at its Finest.   The food was fabulous over there.  You won't be dissapointed.
First off, let me say that I'm very impressed with all aspects of both the Venetian and the Palazzo.. . Everything except for one thing: they added $2.60 to each of my drinks at the pool without listing such a charge on the receipt. I'm not one to cry over spilled milk, but it's just a little sheisty, no? A $12 bloody mary with a standard $1 tip somehow shows up as a $15.60 drink.. . Thanks, Palazzo!
My wallet was taken from my room!  I stayed at the Palazzo during Labor Day weekend, with several of my girlfriends.  It was taken while we were at the pool.  The total value is about $450.  I filed a report with Risk Management, and was told to call them a few days later.  It took 3 voicemails and a fax for someone to get back to me, only to tell me that they found nothing "suspicious" with regards to the room safe.  I've asked for names of the people who entered my room while we were out (since it was cleaned) but they've since stopped responding to me.  I also contacted Public Relations, Group Sales, etc. and have not heard a single peep from anyone at the hotel.  This whole ordeal has been an absolute nightmare.  . . The Palazzo clearly does not care about security or customer service.  Being ignored in this way is beyond infuriating.  I've had to go as far as filing a police report and a complaint with the BBB.  I'd NEVER recommend anyone staying here!
I used to love this hotel and it used to be my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas but not anymore. . . The front desk made numerous mistakes to our profile upon check in. When we asked to correct them, it took more than one try and more than one phone call. Because of this when my sister tried to charge something to the room, she was treated like a thief. When my sister's key card demagnitized, they gave her a new one but then canceled my key card as well without telling her. It then took over 45 minutes to get security to get me in my room which was a really problem because I was there for work at a convention. I missed part of an important meeting as a result. . . They also charged us for an upgrade they didn't give us. I had to call to get credit for the mistake and that phone call took more than 30 minutes. . . The service at the Grand Luxe in Palazzo side was terrible. It was slow and the waitress couldn't even get the drink order right. . . I completed the customer survey and received an email from Theresa Miranda incustomer relations to apologize. She also offered to help with any future stay because of our experience so I thought, what the heck, we were planning to go back for my birthday that is coming up so asked for some rates. It's now been a week and she hasn't responded. . . I would think twice about calling this place a four star or five star hotel anymore.
Terrible experience across the board. It was a weekend getaway with my wife, and our first time away from the kids in a long time.  We upgraded to a nice suite, but they did not bother to tell us that it was a handicapped suite.   The bathroom is completely different and when I called to ask for a different suite they had nothing to offer, and just said tough luck. The supervisor was rude.  They said we could move rooms in the morning, but dropped the ball when we tried to do that the next day.  I would never stay again - there are just too many other better options in Las Vegas.
I love the Palazzo as a whole - great restaurants, beautiful rooms and convenient/close parking. My issues are specifically regarding their video poker machines and cocktail service. . . I don't really gamble - only when I have family or friends in town, and I only play bonus poker and a little slots. . . We had to walk around half the casino to find any video poker machines on the floor - they're apparently all clustered near Zine except for a couple random ones I found in front of carnevino.  . . I could be wrong but the payouts for each type of poker are supposed to be standardized. Every bonus poker machine I've ever played has a 10 credit payout for 2 pairs w max bet 5. But all of the machines in front of carnevino only pay out 5. . . I've never seen that at any other casino and feel that its super deceptive since most people are so used to playing the same game they don't even look at the payout chart, and they shouldn't have to. . . The cocktail service also sucks - took over half an hour sitting at the same machine until I saw a waitress strut by. So no more gambling at Palazzo or Venetian for me. I'm realistic - I play to kill time, not to win. But I still don't appreciate them trying to f*ck me faster without my knowledge
I stayed at the Palazzo in January, and had, and continue to have, so many problems and issues I do not know where to begin.  First, I was there for a softball tournament, and had a roommate, who checked in a day later than I did.  When he did check in, all of a sudden my room keycard stopped working, and I had to contact the front desk to fix this issue.  Then, since he had checked out very early in the morning of the same morning when I was scheduled to leave, they stopped my keycard from working agin, in addition to the internet service, even though I had not yet checked out--I was locked out of my room when I went down to get coffee.  . . The kicker came today, when i went to check my credit card balance online, and found they (the Palazzo) had charged my for extra charges other than what I had seen on my statement when I checked out--it was for an additional $125.  When I called the hotel, the accounts receivable people told me they could not help me, I had to speak with "group reservations", then the "group reservatiojns" people told me I had to speak with accounts receivable.. . It is obvious the management of this hotel does not know how to manage a hotel.  I will now have to dispute these additional charges with my credit card company.  I am so mad I will never, ever, stay at either the Venetian or the Palazzo againm, nor will I ever gambel there.  I do go to Vegas quite frequently, this was by far the worst treatment I have ever received from a hotel there, and they obviously have no idea what customer service is.
Do not ever stay at the Venetian in Las Vegas. They took $15,750.52 out of our account when our room charges weren't even close to that. I could have bought a car with that kind of money. Who has that much money sitting in their bank account?!?! . . The bank is making us jump thru hoops to get the money back. We even have receipts!! Venetian is dragging their feet to refund the money. Are they going to refund all the bounced check charges? What about the time lost from work on the phone trying to get someone to listen and fix it? . . No skin off their backs right? Clearly we will never stay there and will tell everyone that will listen not to stay there as well. . . FRAUDULENT CHARGES!!!!! How is this not a felony?
I had high expectations for the Palazzo the so called 5 start hotel, but recently during a recent stay my hotel room was burglarized by one of the hotel employees.  While I was gone they took one of my suitcases and filled it will as much stuff as they could taking everything from a computer, to shorts, to shoes, to a razor.  To add to this bad experience the Palazzo security was terrible.  They took my statement, but wouldn't give me an incident number or any information on the incident and in addition didn't give me any information on the investigation process.  They just handed me a business card and said call this number on Monday or Tuesday.  For the money paid to stay here I expect more from them from a security and customer service perspective.  My money is better spent on a place where the security guards actually work.  I WILL NOT STAY HERE EVER AGAIN!  MY ADVICE TO YOU - WATCH ALL YOUR STUFF, INCLUDING YOUR SHOES, OR DON'T STAY HERE!
"I'M GOING TO FUCKING KILL YOU!". "NO NO. CALM DOWN!". . This happened at 3 AM during my stay at Palazzo on July 7, 2012 on floor 36 and room 730. A drunken couple was fighting, death threats were flying, and what should be the most basic of functions for a hotel room -- SLEEP -- was denied for my entire family. . . Was this Palazzo's fault? No. Did their customer service fail to handle a situation that made me and my family feel unsafe in an expensive suite? Yes.. . We had an AWFUL experience at the Palazzo and with their customer service. We stayed at the hotel on July 6, 2012 on the 36th floor in room 730. At 3AM, a drunken brawl essentially occurred outside our door. My mother and grandmother were afraid for their safety.. . Here's where this went even more wrong:  I reported it to the front desk and they made a note about it and hung on me. Come next morning as we're checking out, I pointed this situation out to them and was promptly brushed off. How can we justify spending hundreds of dollars for a hotel room when we couldn't even get any sleep? To add insult to injury, they treated us as if were trying to extort them. Yes, a multi-billion dollar hotel and casino and they couldn't resolve the issue of one freaking scary and awful night.. . I spoke to a supervisor and was informed it wasn't their problem and that they 'can't be responsible for what other guests do'. Are you freaking kidding me? There were death threats flying ... how is it not your problem? For an 'elite' hotel, the customer service at Palazzo is atrocious and I've had much better stays at the Wynn and Bellagio where they actually take care of the guests.. . If I wanted to hear drunk people brawl and fear for my safety, I'd have rented a hotel room in the ghetto.. . Bottom line: Save your money. The inside is nice, but most of the other Strip hotels are just as nice, WITH the impeccable customer care and service. Go elsewhere.
Its a 5 star hotel so I expect 5 star service and got zip in return. Rooms are not ready until 3-5 PM, even if you request early check in time. We arrived at 2:30PM, checked our bags at the valet with the bellhop. He eyed the costco containers of alcohol and snacks we had and stated that if the glass bottle breaks, they wouldnt refund it. They were packed in an open top box. When we finally checked in and got to our rooms and requested our bags, they called in 15 minutes asking if we already had our stuff bc they can't find it. Then 15 minutes later they bring our stuff and they lost 4/5 dresses on hangers AND brought up the empty box! no alcohol or snacks. After complaining to a manager named Michael who gave me some bullshit about unpacking stuff for a conveyor belt system and how they have topnotch security so no one would steal our stuff, the dresses were found and some alcohol was found. Some were still missing and all the snacks were gone. Leonard was the manager of guest services and he was diligent in trying to take care of the situation but Michael was of no help. Leonard offered us $100 food credit for the missing items but no note of it was made. When I complained at the front desk, and wanted our room comped for the night for our troubles, the manager refused. We had to cancel dinner reservations, we were late for our show and it ruined our weekend. I feel violated that people went through our shit and stole alcohol which is free in Vegas!!! Most of the people we spoke to on the phone were rude and curt and not accomodating. Requesting extra towels or blankets took 30-45 minutes.  To put someone through a horrible experience, and not even offer an apology is awful. I would never stay there again and I feel pissed to have to pay for that experience.
Wow yelp reviewers, literally the worst hotel I've ever stayed at on the Strip.  The service was horrific.  I should have know by the ridiculous hold times when I called prior to my arrival that the service of the hotel was not up to par.  This hotel is nothing like the Venetian.  Don't be fooled.  . . I was going to the Palazzo for business but my family would arrive later in the week for fun.  The multi billion-dollar company I work for was holding a manager's conference in the hotel.   I called a month in advance to confirm my reservation and make sure we had a crib and a refrigerator in the room.  I was on hold with reservations for at least 15 minutes before I spoke to anyone.   I was assured it wouldn't be a problem by the reservations department.  I worked in the travel industry for many years so I know requests cannot be guaranteed but I figured this was a pretty standard request.  . . At check in, we were giving a "suite" on the 8th floor 922, corner room with a view of the back of another building, horrible eyesore. It's old and dated.  Bathroom fixtures were old.  Pieces of the mirror had fallen off.  The desk in the living room was worn, missing paint.  The bed comforter was thin, white sheets covering a thin blanket.  The crib and refrigerator had not been put in the room.  We called down to the front desk and after being on hold for 5 minutes were told it would be a 15-minute wait.  OK.  We ended up paying close to $200 dollars to have an old loud refrigerator plugged up in our living area.  . . After 15 minutes the crib was brought up.  It was more like a bassinet.  My son fit in the crib... sleeping diagonally.  We asked for a larger crib and were told they had nothing larger.  I've stayed at the MGM and they have full size cribs.  We spoke to the Manager- Matt or Mike and asked to move to a different room due to the view.  We were told it could be done the following day.  We just checked in, what's the problem? We were told we would have to pay a $45 per day upgrade but the Manager would wave it tomorrow.  We weren't asking for a high floor, we just didn't want a room with a wall view.     . . Next day we called after 12:00 to move rooms therefore we didn't get the room serviced.  When we called down the front desk, they had no record of us asking to move or us speaking to the manager.  Again, we were told if we wanted to move we had to pay extra.  We told them we weren't going to be doing that so forget the move, $45 bucks an night extra to NOT have a view of wall.  I was shocked that this hotel wouldn't do a thing to make its customers happy.  Our reservation was for 6 nights apparently they needed the money. Within 5 minutes someone was at our door asking if we needed help moving.  No, we weren't moving.  5 minutes later housekeeping was there to clean the room under the assumption we had moved and they woke my sleeping child.   I told housekeeping "no we weren't moving".  5 minutes later front desk called to the room, wondering when we would move.  I explained we weren't going to move if we had to pay extra, and again they woke my sleeping child.  Do any of these people communicate with each other?   . . At 4pm I spoke to housekeeping to have the room serviced, they made the bed while we were out.  When we came back I called housekeeping again to have them vacuum the room since it was clearly not done.  Waited an hour.  No one came.  I called to cancel so they wouldn't wake my child who asleep for the night.  . . If you would like the paper that is included with the resort fee, you have to go to the lobby and get it.  No one told us that. Palazzo gym was old and run down.  The only positive of the whole stay was Wolfgang Puck's Cut.  Wonderful meal.  When we approached management with our complaints they told us to "write a letter. ". They refused to do anything during our stay.   The restaurants on the premise are extremely expensive after paying extra for your view and/or a refrigerator and resort fee, the cheap rate you get on a suite is simply not worth it.  I would rather not be nickel and dimed and just pay more at the time of booking.       . . If you have never stayed in a suite while in Las Vegas then by all means stay here.  If you don't value service, then this is your place.  If you are impressed with merely a large room, then you will love it here.  I've stayed in suites all over the Strip and the Palazzo didn't live up to expectations.
Let's not forget the owner gave Newt Gingrich millions! Yeah that's right, Newt Gingrich. And needless to say the Encore is right next store and much much nicer.
It smells like cigarettes. If I didn't know better I'd think I was at the Four Queens.
Customer service must be the worst in las Vegas in the casino. Lots of apologies but no one doing anything to fix the problem the entire slot area malfunctioned waited over an hour to get paid
The bathroom in our suite smelled like urine from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out.  Makes you wonder about the plumbing or the quality of the cleaning going on here.. . The employees are nice and are trying hard, but  . . . . They failed to credit us for a price mix up that was their fault.. . We were on the 45th floor and still had noice most of the night from the Treasure Island show across the street.  I think a lot of reviewers believe they are hearing the nightclub, but I think it is the TI show.  Either way, loud.  . . Speaking of loud, the A/C unit is very loud.. . You walk for miles and miles to get out of the hotel.  They do not make it easy.. . Wanted to like this better, because the price is fairand the location is decent.  The casino is nice if you like slots.  The shopping mall is good and the proximity to Fashion Show Mall is nice.
Customer service is shockingly bad and shortsighted. My wife and I stayed at the Palazzo with our two children ages 11 and 9.  As frequent Vegas visitors without kids, we usually stay at Wynn or City Center properties, but picked the Palazzo as it has nice large suites and great pools.  The pools were key to our decision since we had kids with us and they loved the hot pools at the Venetian.  Since we were arriving on the 1st of January, a lot of the other hotels had closed their pools so we were very specific when speaking with the Palazzo reservation desk to confirm that the pools were open.  The person we spoke to insisted that not only were all 8 pools open but were heated to a comfortable 82 degrees.  We ended up booking through Southwest Airlines.  Upon arrival, the front desk again reiterated that the pools were open.  Not until we took the elevator down to the Spa were we told that no, only one pool was open out of 8 and this was accessed through a back-of-the-house labyrinth all the way at the Venetian.  My wife called down, sat on hold literally for 25 minutes as she was moved from one lackey to another but was finally connected to somebody in authority.  She calmly pointed out that there were zero pools open at the Palazzo and the 20'x20' pool at the Venetian was hardly the same as what we had been sold.  We were stonewalled and told that since we booked through Southwest Airlines, there was "...nothing they could do".  Period.  . So, we called the Wynn, where we could see visitors enjoying the pool, and booked the next two nights of our stay.  Southwest Airlines called the Palazzo and canceled the rest of our reservation.  My wife stays at Vegas several times a year, both with clients attending the Vegas Market events, but also with several girlfriends.  We ended spending lots of money over at the Wynn restaurants and shops due to our new location.  Bottom line, if the Palazzo had simply apologized and maybe offered me half off on my next meal or really given me a drink coupon, we might have stayed.  Any business knows that there will be problems, but it is the truly good businesses that know that fix to the problem is what will keep customers coming back.  Now I am writing a lousy review, telling anybody that asks that the Palazzo and Venetian are terrible and will never stay there again, all due to poor training and one idiot that we spoke to.  Too bad Palazzo and Venetian.
The decor is high end cheap oriental.....a lot of red...and plastic flowers everywhere!    Barf!
We booked two rooms, adjoining.  We showed up in the early afternoon and, surprise - no rooms for us, not even separate, but hey, guess what!  You get to be downgraded to the Venetian... for nothing in return.  Woo hoo :/  . . When you pay more for the Palazzo, I expect to stay at the Palazzo.  It's pretty simple.
Though good accommodations, I had a very dishonest experience here that makes me unlikely to stay here again and thank god there's plenty of other options in Vegas.
I stayed at the palazzo really expecting great service in all areas. On the first day after washing my face I grabbed a towel and after using it notice it has a blood stain. That was one of the worst feelings in the world.... I dont even think this would have happened to me at motel 6. In addition, the trash had not been taken out. When I called the front desk they didnt seem to care much and simply blamed it on us. This hotel was not cheap and I expected better, will not be staying there again or recommending it to friends and family.
Here's the deal.  The Palazzo as a Hotel is 4 stars.  The rooms are nice.  The service is good.  For a Vegas hotel, everything is laid out well (e.g., I don't spend 30 minutes walking from my room to the cab queue), and there's some solid restaurants on site.  . . The Palazzo as a *casino*, on the other hand, is a pretentious, unfriendly, miserable place.  . . "But Derek, you're just saying that because you gambled and lost!"  . . No, dear Yelper, I'm not.  . . Look, I've been gambling for over a decade.  I've been in at least 20 different casinos (probably more) and slung cards in all of them.  I've had good runs and bad runs.  But never in my entire lifetime -- until playing at the Palazzo - have I had a Pit Boss raise a table minimum the second after you win an amazing hand (huge bet, doubled, won etc) AND not grandfather you in at the table minimum you sat down at.  ESPECIALLY when you've been playing for an hour already at that rate.  . . You know what that is?  That's them just completely removing the understood facade that gambling is a game and a source of entertainment for the player.  That is the house just saying: we're going to take your money, one way or another, and don't care about you.  That is what the people that run the Palazzo's Casino do.  They don't want, on any level, for you to have a good time.  They want you to sit down, lose all your money, and then free the seat for another person to do the same thing so they can build another Mario Batali restaurant.. . So if you're in Vegas and you're going to gamble, do yourself a favor and do it at any of the similarly high-end casinos nearby where the dealers and bosses understand their advantage but still want you to have a good time (like Caesars).  Because we all know that the house has the edge and will win in the end, but we want to have fun while we're doing it.
The front desk tried to give us a room on the 6th floor but offered a 27th floor smoking room. They tried to have us upgrade to another suite level that would be an additional cost. We really wanted a high floor.. After 10 minutes of the desk employee coming and going to a back room ....  magically we had a 35th floor non smoking room. I guess they didn't like our counter offer for the upgrade.. I just think this was shady. We've been to several Vegas properties and it felt like we were at a used car dealership for a room.. Nice property but shady check in process!
To my disappointment, the height of the palazzo structure blocks the sun from hitting nearly all pool areas. As a result, I had sunless pool time the entire four days. Huge disappointment if you enjoy tanning time or just regular Vegas sun intake.
Is The Palazzo a Kid Friendly Hotel?????. . This is our second time in Las Vegas this year.  The first time we stayed at the Encore and this time at the Palazzo.  Both are upscale hotels that have luxury accommodations and quality guest rooms and many professional staff members.  During non-school times of years I like to travel with our extremely well behaved 6 year old son.  . . The guest suite tower is located through the Casino.  There is actually a change in the carpet pattern that separates the Casino area vs the walking corridor from the Hotel entrance to the hotel guest accommodations.  On this trip we traveled with other family friends and customarily met in the walking corridor on numerous occasions in order to meet up for meal periods. Today we were actually accosted by a member of the security force who took it upon himself to tell me that I could not have a child in the Casino.  I agreed with him and certainly knew that minors were not permitted in the casino.  He then took it upon himself to tell me that we were not permitted to be there (in the corridor) en route to the Venetian Hotel where were were going to see the National Geographic Exhibit.  . . I told the security officer that we are hotel guests and that this corridor was the only way to go through the premises.  He was completely unprofessional and argumentative, treating hotel guests like riffraff. He informed me in no uncertain terms that I was to keep moving.  . . The member of the security force was a middle-aged man (mid to late 50's) visually of Asian ancestry.  My thought was that he was of ancestry from the Philippines.  I say this so that hopefully Hotel Management pursues the retraining of this individual, although the way we were treated it would indicate to me that he may be a retired police officer that feels it appropriate to tell hotel guests to "keep moving".  . . I called down to the front desk and spoke to the manager on duty about this very surprising occurrence.  He was professional and apologetic but I still have to wonder if this is a hotel that wants to have families with kids staying on the premises.  I encourage other hotel guests to report about their experiences at the Palazzo as it related to being a child friendly hotel environment for families with children.  Please use this arena to report as well as Trip Advisor.  Each hotel uses Google search words to stay in touch about what guests are saying about their property.  If they see that there are other guests that have had like or similar experiences, they will make it an action item and it will spark some positive changes.  Please share your genuine experiences in a fair and unemotional manor.
I honestly can't understand how I received such bad service from a hotel that receives 4 stars. . . I first want to explain my circumstance as to why I'm even writing this review. I originally stayed at the Venetian in April for a random trip with the girls. After a long weekend, both my friend and I notice that we had money taken from our wallets. She was missing a 50 dollar bill and I was missing 45 out of my own wallet. Now yes, normally any one can say "oh you were drunk you probably misplaced it" but as an avid Vegas goer - I can clearly state that this was my weakest trip I had been on. No drunken stupors were had this weekend. When I had called the security to make the report, not only did i have to talk to several guest services employees but I also had to wait in my room on a Sunday for them to come. When the security guard arrived, he plainly stated to me that no employee of the hotel would have taken it. (First instance of blame the guest). I was promised a call back within 48 hours about their findings. In the end, the check out time took 4 hours. Did I receive a call within 48 hours? No I did not. I then had to take more time out of my day to contact guest services. Luckily I got a hold of Marcus, who by the way was the nicest man, and he could not provide me a report on what may have happened with my missing monies. He then provided me a complimentary upgrade and 1 free night at the Palazzo. I agreed and left the headache right there. . . Several months go by and my sister offers to take me back to Vegas for a graduation trip. To help save money on the room and spend more gambling, I decided to use my certificate for a free night. I called in once and spoke with Theresa in Guest Services and inquired about rates and fees and she indicated to me that it would be best to call back and book with payment so that I can lock in the rates. I waited until payday and called back and booked. All credit card info was provided. Done. . . I get to Vegas this past Friday (9/27) and they advised me that the room went unpaid and that I owed a balance. Now mind you, I had harassed all my friends for payment. Why would I do that if I was properly told that I could pay when I got there? None of that was mentioned during the 2nd phone call when I provided my CC information. By that point I was upset bc not only was I misinformed but no one could understand why I would be upset and they continued to state that their employees would have told us the proper info (Second instance of placing the blame). Seeing how irate I was, they offered a 25.00 restaurant credit (whoopee). I ended up having to clear out my savings to cover the price of the night. They had advised me to call the guest services manager if I wanted to further complain. I advised them to contact me directly bc I wasn't going to wait in the room for a call when my trip was already off to a bad start. . . I get into our room and the guest services representative Theresa calls me back only to state that I was wrong. (Third instance of blaming) and that I never discussed pricing with her or booking. Why else would I be calling? For fun? (Fourth instance of blaming). I plainly asked her if she was telling me that as a customer, I was wrong and it wasn't her fault. By this point, I didn't want a resolution I wanted to explain why I was unhappy - what I didn't want was to be blamed AGAIN. I hung up and my friend called back bc by that point I was so frustrated I ended up taking back shots to calm myself. She spoke with Theresa manager who said nothing Theresa had said was wrong. (Fifth instance of blame on the customer). We eventually got no where. . . Please keep in mind - at no point was I reaching for more free loot. I was simply trying to explain why I was upset to someone who would listen. . . I have stayed at the Venetian/Palazzo several time before I was mistreated without issues. Now - I will never stay there again. . . They have no respect for their customers. They will blame you to cover their own behind. And to get any assistance, it's like pulling teeth. . . So if you want to pay big bucks for a pretty place with a comfy bed and you dont care about the service, then Venetain Palazzo is your best bet.
The Day crew in the Casino is flat out rude. I especially want to call out the nasty floor Lady who was working as a Pit Boss or Floor. I find it amazing that with that terrible New Yorker accent that she should be the last one to make derogatory comments about guests. I was observing her talking trash about the players to some of the dealers and then she goes up to them and asks them how they are doing. Very backstabbing. I really didn't care until she decided to start in on me. I told her I didn't appreciate it and she said "Why are you listening in on my personal conversations?" I replied I wasn't and suggested she reserve her comments for the break room. She gave a fake smile, went over to the computer and did something. Probably screwed up my play rating. Whatever. Selling off my LVS stocks tonight.
This was a horrible experience from start to finish!  I brought my daughter to the Palazzo for her 21st birthday and we stayed at the 2 bedroom Lago suite which was beautiful and pricey ($1100.00 + a night) but hoped it would be amazing.  When I called to make the reservation the people on the phone were very unhelpful that should have been a sign.  When we arrived and got to the room it was beautiful but there was no coffee maker, no refrigerator (only the mini fridge so you had to buy everything), no complimentary waters and if you wanted music in the living area there was a $9.99 for 2 hour charge for that!  The first time we went to leave the hotel there cab line attendant told us the only way for the 5 of us to ride together was private car otherwise for a cab we would have to split up and it would be twice as much.  It was $60.00 to get to the shopping center in the private car then to come back we did all get into a cab and the ride was $18.00!  They supposedly have 24 hour room service well we ordered some at 1:30 in the morning they said it would take an hour we called 4 times and were repeatedly told it was on it's way, 2 1/2 hours later we called and told them to forget it - it never came!  We went to use the pull out bed and there were no blankets and no extra blankets anywhere in the room.  We had to call and wait 25 minutes for that!  We got no extra service for our $1100.00 a night and everything was mishandled for us during our entire stay.  I spoke to a manager 1/2 way through the trip to let them know what was happening and this was unacceptable for a 5 Diamond Hotel and all they did was credit me $100.00 for water and coffee.  They also said if I wanted music in the living area they would take that off.  There are so many other options in Las Vegas this was very disappointing and would never stay here again!
I put a client in this hotel to attend a conference.  I paid for the room using our company credit card and faxed over the necessary paperwork to authorize the payment.  The hotel accused me twice of not sending over a matching signature and harassed my guest, accusing them and me of fraud and threatening to kick them out of the room if they didn't receive a verified form of payment before 6pm.  The staff was so incredibly rude to my client that she was in tears.  I went back and forth with the hotel for approximately 3 hours before they finally agreed to let it "slide" b/c the address matched!!  Not to mention that the address matched 3 hours and two valid signatures ago when you were berating with me with false claims of illegal behavior.. . I will never ever recommend this hotel or put my clients in their establishment ever again!
They did not mind that my ID was expired while I was losing...as soon as I win, they take the winning and say I can't play then kick me out the floor... Wtf.
Very bad experience. We had a pretty good stay last time around so we booked again at the Palazzo and it was the start of a very unhappy experience.  It was the reunion for my wife and her two sister's families from overseas. To our disappointment, 2 out of 3 suits we were in started smell really bad from a kind of a greasy grill odor inside the entire room - to a point that felt like our clothes started to smell. When we called to ask to change the rooms, they changed us into another room that had the same problem. On the second complaint call the answer was the hotel was 100% sold out and they couldn't do anything but to provide an air purifier - that didn't do much against the rising odor from the vent itself - and that they were cleaning some systems!??. Cannot recommend this hotel anymore. Very disappointed by the service and the manner the whole issue was handled that ruined the reunion trip for the sisters and the families. We will not stay here again.
