I just had to write a review on this hotel. I will NEVER forget my experience rooming here.. . SCRATCHY BEDSPRINGS!!!! I rather sleep in some Budget Inn Motel! I couldn't believe it. No matter how many dranks I consumed during my party weekend at Vegas, it was hard to knock out because my bed was hurting me!. . This establishment should be ashamed of themselves.
Never. Again. The Luxor will try and get every penny out of you and will not deliver at all on service. . . I'm not sure if things have changed since I was last in Vegas but I don't remember ever being charged a "resort fee" when I was there. And yes, each time I booked from the same third-party site and used the same site this time. The previous times I stayed at Planet Hollywood and loved it but I thought staying in a Pyramid would be kind of cool. I was definitely wrong. This time I was charged extra money each night I was there for this "resort fee." When I asked what this was for, I was told it included newspapers downstairs, pool/gym/spa upkeep/and internet. Well, the internet only worked if I actually HELD the cord in my computer and the speed was super slow. Not to mention the fact that it was an Ethernet cord -- why have we not moved into the 21st century and switched to WiFi? As far as the pool/spa/gym upkeep? The pool was closed because it was winter and well, the spa should be kept up via the spa prices. The gym is super small and has out of date equipment so aside from paying for a surly person to stay at the front desk and people to clean it while leering at you, what upkeep do you need to pay for? Also, $25/night for a fridge seems a bit steep. Not to mention the lack of a coffee maker in the room. That's a new one to me.. . When we first got there the internet didn't work at all and I had to wait almost an hour for someone to come and fix it. The only reason they ended up showing up was because I called down a second time and was greeted with, "Are you sure you haven't left the room at all" Yes thank you. I'm not a moron. I would remember leaving the room. After arguing with her that yes I was plugging in the internet the right way and yes my computer is on, she huffily said she'd send someone, "again." They showed up, and said "Oh, I went to the wrong room!" Of course you did. Even after they fixed it, it still barely worked and the only way I could use it was if I had the cord extend to the bed since the cord wouldn't even reach the table. This made it rather annoying when it was in use as the other person had to step over the cord in order to get to another part of the room.. . The other thing that rubbed me the wrong way were the pushy people who greet you as soon as you walk in asking if you want to buy this entertainment package or that entertainment package. No, my companion and I are not married, we are a couple. No we cannot "prove it" and no, I definitely will NOT log on to my laptop and show you our bank statements online to prove we live together. . . The rooms themselves were also lackluster. For a desert and otherwise dry city, our room at the Luxor was EXTREMELY dank and kind of smelled. The only thing that fixed it was if we turned the AC on. Also, there was some red stain that looked like blood that was on the sheet. We didn't notice it until the second day and when I called about it was I was asked if I was sure it was there before (implying one of us somehow caused the stain). Umm...no. So we just switched beds since they ignored my request for a king size bed and gave us two doubles. At least their poor attention to detail paid off once. Oh happy day.. . I didn't spend much time in the casino but each time we walked through to get to our car rental, I was astonished at how poor the air circulation was and how much everywhere reeked of smoke. I've spent large amounts of time in several of the casinos over the past few years -- PH, Bellagio, and Caesar's Palace to mention a few -- and they have all managed to not reek of smoke despite smoking being allowed. Why can the Luxor not manage to do this as well?. . Suffice it to say, I'll never stay here again. The only saving grace of our stay was that it was near the highway which made it easy for us to get to other locations we were going to outside of Vegas.
I have been to Vegas numerous times, this was my first time to stay at Luxor.  The hotel is easy to get to from the 15 fwy and easy to find, of course. Though it looks nice from the inside, it was not so nice in the inside. We wanted to stay at the pyramid, but for some reason they put up us in the towers. The hotel does not offer free wifi, you will have to pay a fee. I don't know, but I couldn't even connect at the Starbucks downstairs. If you are looking for the free Internet connection in your room, it's behind the television. It was hard to get to and once connected you will have to move the table near the television so you can put your laptop down. Our shower had calcium deposits, so showering was not so pleasant either. Would not recommend staying there to anyone. This hotel is far from the strip, even though they have trams going back and forth, it does not run late, so you better get back early or you will have to walk.
I would give 0 stars if I could. UGH. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! There is a reason why Luxor has low ratings!!! Stay away!!!
There should really be a no star rating. This pace was disgusting. Not only deal it feel dirty in an "hasn't been cleaned" way but it is just run down, strange considering it's only 15 years old. The "comforter" was a small blanket sandwiched between two sheets. Cheap. The elevators NEVER worked. At one point only one elevator was working out of six. I counted over 30 people waiting at one point. After waiting through 3 elevators we were finally able to make it back to our room. . . And the best thing that happened...the lock on our door got stuck with the dead bolt out. Luckily we were testing it so we didn't get locked in the room becuase who knows if we'd even be out yet. We called the front desk asking for someone to check this out immediately as we had reservations we were going to be late for. After waiting 20 minutes and then being on hold for another 20 we fortuantely had another group of friends staying there so we could put our luggage into the next room and trust the door would be fixed when we returned.. . When we went to the front desk after we got back and asked if the door was fixed no one had any idea, "But they hoped so." And instead of upgrading us or even offering to comp a meal or something we had to argue with them to wave the stupid resort fee. A fee no one even uses anyways as it covers wired-internt. And it's not even like this was a particularly inexpensive hotel. I would have rather paid $20 or $40 more and stayed somewhere 10x nicer and with better service.
I would highly suggest to stay elsewhere. I always wanted to stay at the Luxor, because of the theme, I honestly thought it would be fun. Boy was I wrong. When checking in (about 15 mins to check in) it wasn't too bad, have waited longer in Vegas, I was offered an upgrade to the "Towers" I dont know what kind of upgrade it was, but none I have ever seen. It was dark, outdated and dingy looking inside. Hey we did get a view of the Excaliber hotel HA that was it, It was pathetic. We saw our friends who did not get offered an upgrade and their room was nicer, with a sitting area like we were promised oringinally. . Room Service was nasty and cost $60 for an omlette, shrimp and a lipton ice tea lol They charge you an extra $5.00 per person that orders food on top of the high prices, housekeeping never cleaned my room even after 2 calls to them EVEN AFTER the bathroom flooded, the place in general was horrible. The conceierge was rude, nobody seemed as if they cared we were even there. I would go elsewhere for $160 a night. The resort fees are high, but IF people did not see that on the website or check in, must have been blinded by the lights... They are as plain as day! This place has lost the sense of Customer Service and trust me, you dont wanna eat at any of their restaraunts either. Its horrible service and it took 20 mins, yes I timed it, before we got a water, we were so desperate for food, we should have just left tho. The waitress was so disgusting and rude, I was seriously embarrassed for her.....  Please take my advice and look elsewhere, obviously this place has a poor overall rating for a reason. Wish I looked on here, before I booked the hotel.
This place is wiggity whack! We (my bff and I) had it out with them. It was on the verge of ruining my trip. Well not that bad because I'm not down for places getting the best of me. So I stayed here during Magic last month because of it's close proximity to Mandalay Bay (woulda stayed Mandalay because it has great pools but obviously it's not the season plus I had a strict budget). I had always heard about their sideways elevator so I was anticipating awesomeness. WTF is the big deal. I couldn't even tell, it just felt like a fast abrupt elevator. So to make sure, I called the front desk and her reply was "You couldn't feel it?" (in the RUDEST of tones). NO biotch I couldn't! Strike 1. . After we got back from seeing Zumanity (which is a Vegas MUST because it's sexy, arousing and hilarious! Can you Yelp about shows, etc.?) we came back to the room to hang out, drink and bond in our pajamas. Well during my bedtime routine in the bathroom, I dropped my tweezers on the bathroom floor and, to my horror, realized that it was DISGUSTING! There were nasty pubes and dust bunnies and other stuff that I didn't catch because I was in shock. As I came out frantic, my friend was complaining that the remote and TV didn't work and the only channel we could access was the M Life (MGM promo/advertising) one. Great! I hate calling and complaining and sounding like a petty bitch. Well they said housekeeping and a repairman would be sent up. The repair guy came but when it couldn't be fixed he said he'd be right back... which apparently meant never. Same with housekeeping. So, after an hour of huffing and puffing we called again. They sent another repairman up who actually resolved the problem and comped us breakfast. Still no housekeeping... but time to go to bed. . . The next day we did our thing but came back to the room in the evening to realize that no one had cleaned the bathroom again! Another call and more bitching (the guy said he could even hear my friend giving her two cents in the background, nice!) this time to the main manager guy because all of his subordinates were SO RUDE, all five of the ones we talked to. They finally cleaned it, gave us a shower cap (which hotel doesn't have shower caps right there in the bathroom?) and comped us a buffet dinner for two (it was aight) and half of one night's stay. I was happy but it was like pulling teeth. . . The saga continues... During check out I reminded the lady at the front desk that so and so (I forgot his name now) had comped half a night's stay. Well since it wasn't "noted" they couldn't do it. I DON'T THINK SO. I busted out into "just because he's incompetent and forgot to "note" (full use of quotation fingers) the account doesn't mean that I'm not obliged to what was promised. He said it will be deducted so I expect to have it taken care of. You can call him right now."  After much deliberation and calling in the manager's manager they decided to fulfill what they said they would in the first place. I can't stand when someone has attitude. Get out of the service profession if you're not gonna be customer oriented! I wanted to say to the desk lady "do you think I'm lying?" Instead of saying "no I can't do that, it's not noted" an alternative would be "hmm, the notes don't mention the room reduction but let me check on that for you". Easy breezy. I told her I didn't like her attitude and then she apologized and was gracious. Why do I even have to go there???. . Needless to say, I won't stay here again (if I can help it). But on a light note, my friend and I went to Cat House, the bar/club on our side of the hotel (because there was no cover before 10:30 AND free cocktails, what a bargain!) and it was fabulous. The decor was grand, drinks were strong and the vibe was good (not too many douche bags). I would want a bar like this if I owned one as it had a black/white/burgurdy burlesque theme with old b/w/ pictures, dim lighting, wall sconces and old Vegas style booths. Saved the stay!
I'm only giving a review for the casino part of luxor. I didn't stay here.. . I haven't been back to vegas within the last 4 years or so. I honestly don't remember the Luxor being this horrid at all. This hotel definitely went down hill, they honestly did NOT up keep this hotel at all. Reading the prior reviews from other customers - this place really took a toll on the strip. No wonder it's so cheap to stay here~!. . I stayed at the Mandalay Bay which connects to the Luxor. On my first day in Vegas, I checked in and decided to grab a bite to eat somewhere close by. So my boyfriend & I decided to grab late lunch at T&T. On the way to T&T, there was a small booth near the showbox or whatev. The booth were swarming with pushy representatives from the hotel trying to sell timeshares (I guess? I didn't get that much far into the conversation with them). At first the rep asked how old I was, I thought I was getting carded from the tone of his voice. But actually, he was trying to get my boyfriend & I to go on this 2-3 hr tour and we would receive two free tickets or whatever. NO THAAAANK YOU. Time is money, I'm on vacation. But he would not stop after we told him we weren't interested. They were pushier than car salesmen! They were practically demanding us to put a deposit with our credit card. They were seriously harassing everyone. And they kept trying to give us a deal to stay at the luxor, excalibur, golden nugget for free - NO THANKS. And they were still trying to sell us stuff on the last day of our trip when we told them we didn't have time to speak with them because we only had 2 hours left! . . I honestly don't know how customers who stayed at the luxor deal with these folks!. . The bar looks empty - day and night. How is that? It's Vegas!
Okay so the price is cheap but really? You get what you pay for. . Service was horrible. The people were rude. The Internet is WIRED!!! . I mean how ancient is that?! haha. I just did not have a good experience with this place. . We had a pyramid room, found pubic hair in the sink! .... eww. Mold in the showers, and room service that never arrived. . They did upgrade us to a Tower Delux room which was nicer but still had crappy old TV's, and the bathroom in the suite was dirty. There was hair all over the floors- pretty nasty. . . Overall, I really wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. EVER. But if all your looking for is a bed to crash in with bad service? Go for it. It's cheap. I actually like to be taken care of a bit when I pay to stay somewhere.
So we got 2 nights at the Luxor for free for doing a timeshare tour (which wasted 4 hours of our lives).. never stayed there before but I expected it to be nice considering its connected to the Mandalay Bay and across from the MGM. After this weekend and upgrading to the PH Towers for $139, I can tell you Luxor is a dump and I wouldn't stay here again even if it was free.. . First of all, I still had to pay the resort fees which included a broken ethernet cable that was as slow as molasses. No WiFi. AND the TV was a tube TV I could get new for $20 .. This is 2011.. Not to mention the cable went completely out the whole day Saturday. Only Lifetime and their own Carrot Top channels worked. We were going to use the ice bucket to put ice in but when I looked inside there was an old used razor blade that wasn't ours. At least when the maids came they disposed of it.. . . Later when we were getting ready in the bathroom, all of a sudden the middle panel under the sink decided to fall out and fall on me, revealing what were probably scorpion remains inside. I nearly puked. . . To top it off, when we got back to the room we started playing music off a Macbook (which isn't very loud) and playing beer pong. 20 minutes later a rent-a-cop knocks on our door and threatens to evict us because he had already been up to our floor multiple times.. I told him I'm sorry but we had just gotten back here and he hadn't visited us prior. He still told me he wanted to evict us. Now we are staying at the PH Towers and it's an upgrade x10000000000.. . In short, I would rather stay at Circus Circus over Luxor.
You old ugly thing - go away! . . The construction and confusing directions to our room had us lost and after walking into our room, and not setting down a thing, we walked out and got our money back. . . Smelly, dirty, not particularly friendly or helpful staff at the lobby desk. For about $30 more we were treated to NYNY who blew away each expectation and made the trip so special. . . Close shop and start over maybe. Sorry. I hate one star ratings .... :(
Crappy hotel with crappy scary elevators, everything are outdated and worn out, CRT tv and no wifi!?
If I could give under a star, I would. We can and they told us they would upgrade only to find the room was a downgrade. (No jacuzzi like we originally reserved.) We went downstairs and they switch us to a pyramid spa suite on the 16th floor. We had to go to an elevator on one corner and walk to our room. (Imagine the elevator is at home plate and you have to walk to second and the bases are the perimeter of the casino!) The elevator was so old and rattling up 16 floors. I was scared for my life! Okay. So we're in our room which is massive (but super dingy). I go check out the living room and I walked into mush!!! The carpet by the air conditioner is completely soaked. So gross. Instead of changing rooms for us, they sent someone up to our room to "fix" it. After calling twice and waiting for an hour, someone came up. While he was working on it, the AC in the other room starting pouring out water and slime! We left and asked for a full refund. Needless to say, we're never staying here again.
Not to happy with these hotels, they want to charge for everything, including certain areas of the pool.  Don't come in June seems to be college students and young adults.  Annoyed with pool area they don't have enough recliners for the guests.  Can be in the pool during the day.  We werent loving our room in the pyramid, only 1 elevator and have to walk clearly around the building to get to our room, they were accommating when we requested a room in the towers!
Ridiculous. Our party of 8 reserved two rooms weeks in advance to celebrate two 21st birthdays. First Vegas adventure and everyone was so excited, until we checked in at the Luxor. They decided to double the rates despite our online confirmation showing an entirely different amount, in addition to the confirmation we made over the phone a few days before our trip just to make sure everything was good. Management acknowledged it was their mistake, yet would not do anything about it! . We may look young, but we're not stupid. We booked Luxor because it was a good deal; however, for the amount that it actually turned out to be we would have stayed at the Cosmopolitan or Wynn. . They did instead give us a "suite" for the amount we originally booked for. Two queens and one bathroom...not really what we had planned for. The Luxor has now become a running inside joke amongst the 8 of us, best hotel ever. Vegas, I loved you and cannot wait to be reunited. Luxor, NEVER AGAIN.
I wasn't impressed with the hotel.  You cannot control the A/C int he room.  There is only a high or low fan setting, so in hot Las Vegas you come home to a hot room. . . No coffee maker or mini bar in the room...what, it's Vegas?  You need coffee and alcohol!  The internet was a cord that you had to reach across the room to use, and there were two of us trying to work and could only do it one at a time.  Cell phone and 3G service is non existant in the room too.  . . I'll come back to LV, but will definately stay somewhere else!
The Luxor is dirty, dated and extremely unsafe. Here's a fun story:. . Two of our friends arrived 30 minutes before the rest of us. One of them was resting (not sleeping) in the room alone for maybe ten minutes when she heard a rustling sound. She walked out, and there was a MAN IN OUR ROOM going through our purses. She screamed, and he took off, but not before robbing us of $1000 and taking our friend's wallet and ID. She NEVER heard a door, and those doors are LOUD and slam shut.. . We had to call security THREE TIMES before anyone came upstairs. They accused us of being on drugs and hallucinating the incident. They accused us of propping the door open with the deadbolt. They dismissed the idea that someone had a key. They accused us of bringing random guys into our room. UM, we've only been in Vegas for 30 minutes, jackholes! We were up until 4am with the police roaming our rooms and the hallways while they investigated the report.. . We had to call the front desk FOUR TIMES to get moved to a new room. They refused to move us until five women went down to the front desk and threatened to tell everyone in the check-in line that there might be a dude hiding in the bathtub waiting to rob you. We NEVER got an apology or even the slightest bit of empathy from the management. Trying to get our room comped was a joke. It was like we were a huge inconvenience to them and the eye rolling we received was astonishing.. . My friend was extremely shaken up. I don't even want to think about what would have happened if this man had a weapon. It ruined our entire weekend and I felt unsafe and creeped out the entire time we were there. The way it was handled was completely inexcusable.
Don't be fool by the decor and the exterior of the hotel. Once you get on that elevator, everything changes. The elevator was very shaky. Got to the room and it was worse than most motel. The floor was dirty. No Wi-Fi! There was a hardwire Ethernet cable along with a female top found behind the TV. I would never stay here again!
from the moment we arrived to the time we left completely poor customer service. our reserved room wasn't, the rooms are not well appointed (eg. no conditioner, no refrigerator, poorly cooled, all the businesses we delt with there were either slow service or just didn't care. we also tried to contact the manager and left a message with the assistant and we never heard back, clearly they don't care.. . we go to Vegas for the whole experience not just to gamble and party. this place is not one we will return to...ever
Oh the Luxor...... Last August my four girlfriends and I went on an extravagant and very memorable Vegas trip.  Our 5 day. 4 night trip was through this fantastic package deal which included day and night activities and accommodations at the Palazzo (a newer and fabulous hotel that is connected to the Venetian and I would highly recommend).  . . Unfortunately, two of my girlfriends had procrastinated on booking their flights to Vegas until a few weeks before and with all of the popular airlines prices having skyrocketed, they found themselves drawn to the seemingly good deals of the underwhelming Stockton Airport's lone airline "Allegiant" which offers sporadic flights to Vegas for roughly $50 in planes the size of crop dusters.  The catch- they would have to stay an extra night in Vegas to catch a flight out.  In a further attempt to save money, the two lovable procrastinators decided to find a cheap hotel to rest their hungover heads in for their extra night in Vegas.....in comes the Luxor.  . . My little procrastinators were pretty proud of themselves for figuring out how to save their pennies right up until the point that my non-procrastinator friend and I walked them into the Lobby and helped them settle into their evening at the hotel before thankfully taking our plane home.  The Luxor reminds me of of cheap vodka- take Svedka for example.  Sure, from the outside it looks just as good as all the other vodkas.  It's in a glass bottled (not plastic!), it seems to have it's own character and vibe going on, it's clear ...but once you open the bottle and experience what's inside you realize it's just crap and you feel like a total creep for buying into it.  That, my friends, is the  experience of staying at the Luxor.  . . Once inside, you feel like you're on a ride at Disneyland as the Luxor is something of a cross between "Mr. Toad's Wild Adventure" and "The Tower of Terror".  Almost everyone staying at the Luxor is really foreign or just really trashy.  The entire decor is plastic, artificial, or falling apart.  Between the pom trees and the giant plaster of paris Sphinx in the center of the lobby, it's almost like the haggard hotel is pathetically begging you to believe, "No this is not a shit hotel, You're in EGYPTTTTT". . . But on to the best part....on the way up to the elevator, the elevator attendant (were I use the word creepy to describe him, it wouldn't be fitting enough.  Let's just say if he had been missing an arm and been a ghost, I would have believed it), clad in a faded, teal bellhop suit asked us which floor.  When we replied "35", he replied dryly, "we've had a lot of jumpers from that floor".  Aghast, we asked him how many people have jumped and he said, "7 so far this summer".  When the elevator doors opened and we saw the accommodations, we realized why.  . . Not only are the rooms a shabby disgrace, (my girlfriend later confessed to me that she slept with her sweats with her hood over her head and her socks tucked into the bottom of her pants), but the pyramid shape of the building makes walking down the hall extremely dangerous as the overlook from your floor to the lobby is only about waist-high and after a night of drinking could be difficult NOT to tip over off of.  I began to wonder if those jumpers had actually meant to jump, or had simply toppled over the wall.  . . In the end, my non-Luxor patron friend and I joyfully skipped off to grab our flight leaving our poor procrastinator friends to think about their folly.  We were gracious enough however to leave our laughter and "told you so's" until they got home.  No need to kick someone when they're down.  The moral of the story- stay away from the Luxor
dont do it.. . I stayed here with my family recently, and from the outside it looks pretty lavish and unique. But inside, it looks very cheapy, like an airport thats been turned into an amusement park, thats been turned into a casino/hotel. . . It feels like its old because of the decor and the layout. The layout was THE WORST. This place has no flow, and it took us forever to find the right elevator to take us to the right room. The parking lot is another story. It was so confusing finding the right parking lot for the Luxor, as it gets easily confused with the parking lot for Mandalay Bay. Terrible. . . The nightclub LAX is boring and unappealing as well. There is not much to do there either, unless you want to see Carrot Top live............... . They do have pretty good buffets though. They have lots of variety for all appetites, and good quality food. . . All in all, I would describe The Luxor like a horribly old maze, with a decent buffet.
I just stayed at the Luxor and I will not be returning. When I checked in, they told me the only rooms they had left were on the 5th floor. I was fine with that until later that night. My hotel room was backed up to the LAX nightclub that is located right inside the Luxor. You hear the music like you are there in the club. You can feel the base of the music as well. I had to put the TV on to help drown out the music and which the TV didn't get turned off until after 4am when the music was over with. As you can tell, no sleep was taken it. I will not be coming back to this hotel again.
This place is old, dingy, and outdated. The guests were just as gross as the room I stayed in with a view of a heating unit and a roof. There was a guy actually sitting on the floor on one elevator ride I took. I think he mistook it for the New York New York roller coaster or something from the looks of it which was an oh so charming touch. Oh and the elevators don't work, an employee complained to me about it when I was there.  The time i spent there felt more like a college party gone bad than a vacation. Therefore  I made sure I spent all my time anywhere but this armpit of the Vegas strip. The bed was comfortable but that's the only credit I'll give this place. The room was cheap but I guess my stay here proved you get what you pay for. Next time I go to Vegas I'm not stepping foot near this bunghole of a place.
I will never waste an ounce of my time, breath or mula here ever again. . . The front desk clerks have no idea what is going on. The Filipino horribly bleached  blonde woman who is the manager or "whoever is in charge" lacks professionalism & had no sense of HOSPITALITY of all things. . . I had to go to the check in counter THREE TIMES before finding my room because the incompetent staff had given me completely WRONG directions. Mind you we were hauling all of our shit around this crappy place for 45 minutes Trying to find our room. . The elevator I was directed to had NO INDICATION of what it was.. Nor admist the construction was there any indication of a "detour" seriously? . . The last fucking thing I wanna do is run around after 6 hours of driving through desert in 110 degree weather trying to find our room. . . Ever thought of that, assholes? PEOPLE PAY $$ for relaxation and travel far distances to come to your and in the first 10 minutes of being here this Is what we get? . . To top it off.. . . The toilet wouldn't flush. Four people in a room for three days. Don't you think one of those people might have to wiz or drop a deuce during their stay? . . I didn't even get comp'd for that drama. For anything. The dumb broad offered a "late check out" & all I got was an hour. EVERYONE gets an hour. . . Worst Hotel on the strip. . . Don't even go to LAX. Go elsewhere. . . Too many nice spots in Vegas. Luxor is only good for the facade. Not for anything else.
CRAP! Only reason I stayed here was because it was paid for by my employer. Here's why it sucks and why anyone with a clue and class, not from a trailer should never stay here. . . 1. It smells of smoke...EVERYWHERE. 2. There are no safes in the rooms (a tell tale sign of the clientele they cater to). 3. Seedy people (bride and groom taking pictures at the mc donalds over fries... I mean seriously??). 4. Crap food.. 5. ZERO pool scene.. . Waaaay better more classy places to stay in Vegas. They need to implode this hotel and build something more like Cosmopolitan but that will be under $200 a night. . . Next time my employer wants to send me to Vegas I will research my own hotel and arrange it myself. No f'ing way will I stay at ghetto awful Luxor again. Blech!
my second time in vegas and first time at Luxor.. my room was ok compare to the price ( I didn't mind because I was rarely in the room). the view was not so appealing... . !!!!!! had a horrible experience trying to sleep..  . YOU WILL HEAR MUSIC ALL NIGHT all day when you're in the room!!!. well if you're planning to clubbing then it wont matter, but if you're here to travel, etc. I wouldn't recommend this place.. . Oh one more horrible experience I've had, . I woke up at 7:00 a:m (way earlier than I usually get up) it was so freaking loud and annoying because the WHOLE hotel was alerted with alarming system..
Sigh.. . I feel bad writing this and saying what I have to say about this place because my husband took so much time and love planning our 1 yearanniversary. He wanted it to be special. . . $800 for a shitty suite with a spa tub. Ashes were in the ash tray in our room, obvi the maid didn't dare take a chance to dump it out, AND there was water left over in one of the bathroom cups from the previous guests. Hmmmmm. And this is my anniversary. Included in this terribly expensive stay were tickets to see Criss Angel (please know that if you get this, your included tickets are for the nosebleed, luckily hubby was in a wheel chair because he pulled his sciatic nerve and they really accommodated us well in upgrading us to just above the front rows where the handicap were sitting), the Titanic exhibit (pretty amazing and definitely worthwhile due to its history), and the bodies exhibit (also pretty amazing. medically, of course). Also included are all you can eat passes for their buffet (really disappointed with that) and spa treatments at their spa (we had no time to do this, but I'm sure, knowing how cheap Luxor is, that it's just free admission but you have to pay for all the services). . . Now on to our room....besides the ashes in the ashtray and the water left in the bathroom cup, the sheets had holes in them and our tv didn't work properly. When we called to ask that they fix it, it took them well over 2 hours, but then it was time to get over to the Criss Angel show, so we had to call to cancel. Way to go, Luxor! Their elevators are ridiculous too, scary, at least in my opinion. They slant. No bueno. The only thing that was pleasant about this stay was the bell desk. They accommodated us so amazingly, were sure to exchange out the electric scooter my husband rented without hassle because the battery was bad. They even asked how it was the next day and remembered me from the day before. She even checked us out while we were there so we didn't have to wait in that long check out line. If I could give the bell desk 5 stars I would, everything else though, sorry, but I can't give more than just 1. Luxor is pathetic, and their service charge fee is even more pathetic. I'm sure they'll be charging for drinks in the casino in the near future. . . This review is actually a follow up review. The last time I was here I came with a friend 3 years ago, I didn't like that stay much either, but I know that I enjoyed the room a lot more and it was worth the 80 bucks, a lot cheaper than this stay, that's for sure;. If you plan on coming to Vegas, just go elsewhere. I've stayed at Excalibur and have really liked it, very reasonable hotel and they have a lot of cool things there too. Sorry Luxor, I wont be seeing you anytime soon...
My girlfriend  and I stayed in your hotel, the Luxor, for 2 nights starting august 7th and 8th. We had reservations for a king bed in the smoking section of your hotel. we arrived at your hotel at around noon aware that the room would be open at three but wanted to verify our reservation and the possibility of it being available early. after waiting in line for 20 minutes or so, which seemed a  long for such a big hotel, we encountered the front desk receptionist. We weren't greeted in a welcoming fashion, she seemed bothered with us from the very beginning we moved up to her desk. As I tried to inquire about our reservation she ignored me or answered in a very rude manner. It was frustrating to have to deal with some one who made it seemed as if we were a nuisance and our questions apparently annoyed her. After speaking for about two minutes being very dismissive of any questions I would ask she tried to change our reservations to two queen beds, without refunding the 5 extra dollars that the king had cost us, we were able to get a king but in a non smoking section. After this we learned of the never mentioned resort fee that you must pay even if you choose to never use their pool or any other service which seems to me is just a way to charge $15 extra dollars on to the room charge and i do not understand why it is not included in the room rate. Through out this check in she was rude and unwelcoming which made my girlfriend and I question our hotel choice. Your Front desk receptionist is the first image, and the first person everyone has to deal with in your hotel and I find it unacceptable that a world class hotel would treat us in this manner. For my Girlfriend and I is specially difficult to travel, we don't have a lot of spare time to enjoy of vacations and it is costly for us to do so since we are both working students. We put a lot of effort in being able to afford small vacations. It is because of this experience that when we do return to Vegas, it will not be to the Luxor since it lacked one of the most vitals qualities of a hotel, hospitality.
Just got back from spending almost a week here after working the POOL Tradeshow. First of all we get there and the lines to check in are insane! I understand waiting in line is going to happen in summer but you would think they would open more then 3 lines to get the line moving..but they didn't. We finally get to the front and there was a problem with their credit card machine understandable but this lady didn't say anything not a thanks for waiting or a heads up about what was taking long.I already got the vibe that this hotel was going to suck balls. Luckily we weren't in the actually pyramid which I don't even know how people stay in those rooms with the casino RIGHT below them.. We got to our room and our bathroom smelled like the maid had double deckered our toliet ( this is when someone shits in the tank and leaves it there so it permantely smells like shit) we even checked to see if one was in there. It was horrible but knowing how shitty there service was we didn't even bother to call to change rooms. Next thing we notice our beds have blood spots on them not just one a HANDFUL visibly on top. I mean at least try to hide that shit. We called for them to change the sheets and they did thanksfully..(costing us 5 for the tip). We had a friend staying with us so we called down for a roll away but once again we had to be inconvienced. They said we had to come down to give our credit card info.. what is this 1998? So our friend had to wait in the long ass line just to ask for a rollaway. The rollaway came 3 hours later. They said we wouldn't be charge, wow finally a break from the shittiness.When we were done with it the next day we called to get it picked up and NO ONE came. We decided to leave it in the hallway but then this ended up costing us a 100 dollars (not so free afterall). Thankfully they removed the charge or I would have gone ape shit.The last thing that really was a pain in the ass about this hotel is the parking. It was an absolute joke it was as if they built it last minute thinking " O wait we have to have somewhere for our guests to park", It is small, most of the time we were crossing our fingers for a spot. Also it is a journey to the casino and when it is hot as hell out that really pisses you off.They basically don't care here and have no hospitality for their guests. I get it your rooms are cheap but I mean if you want return customers you have to do your job and be nice to us. This hotel also had a weird vibe in it I really wouldn't doubt it being curse. The ONLY cool part about it is that it leads to Mandalay Bay but honestly I would rather drive then stay in this hotel again.
We stayed here for three nights, over Labor Day weekend.  This was a return trip to Vegas after going in February 2011.  That trip was great and we were sad to leave.  We were looking for the same kind of trip this time around, but cheaper, so we stayed at Luxor (last time we stayed at Paris).  Unfortunately, everything about our stay was awful and we were actually relieved to return home! I will try to break down the awfulness that is Luxor:. . Rooms: Our room was in dire need of updating.  The television set was old school and the air conditioner reminded me of Motel 6.  I don't so much care about modernization, though; the worst part by far was the bathroom.  Our shower had tons of soap scum, as well as dust.  The door was peeling and cracking along the bottom.  When I opened my washcloth the first night, it was to find a long black hair inside. I am blonde.  It was so gross that I found myself regretting that I didn't bring shower shoes.  The towels smelled burnt- not sure if they were old or if they had been previously used in smoking rooms, but even my 7 year-old commented on the towels being "stinky."  . . Food: I can't say enough about how bad the food was and I think this was probably the worst part of our whole weekend since we get very excited about eating.  The More Buffet was quite simply the worst I've ever been to.  It should be hard to screw up breakfast, but they managed.  The eggs were runny and had the oddest taste.  The scones could double as weapons, they were so hard.  The only item my son ended up being able to eat was a bowl of cereal each day.  Being economical during this trip was really important, so we needed to take advantage of our two free buffets per day.  In our defense, we tried the other places, but they were equally bad.  We ate at Rice and Company and had the  most bland teriyaki chicken ever.  We ate dessert at the Pyramid Cafe and it was just... gross.  . . Customer Service: The first incident took place at check-in, when we were handed our room key and directed to elevator 2, which ended up being the wrong elevator for our room, and which resulted in quite a hike across the hotel.  We had to find out on our own that elevators 4 were the ones we needed.  We also experienced poor customer service at the More Buffet, Rice and Company, and Pyramid Cafe.  The servers at the buffet just seem very brusque and were not friendly... (maybe I am just so upset over the gross food that I interpreted it that way).  The hostesses at Rice and Company were snooty and acted like they were annoyed with us.  Our server at the Pyramid Cafe was certainly a character, but I just don't like it when the server becomes a big part of your dining experience.  I think they should be unobtrusive.  . . Besides all of these cons, you know those salespeople that you find at every hotel and casino that try to offer you tickets when you walk by their kiosks? Well, they are staggered throughout the floor of the Luxor, so there's no way to avoid them, and they were by far the most aggressive and rude ones I have ever encountered! One in particular was very demanding that we follow him to get free tickets and acted offended and angry when we told him no- several times.  We were literally accosted at least three times on the way to eat breakfast every day. . . I read below that this is a good place to go if you are in your 20's and perhaps that's true.  There were a lot of drunk jerks running around over the weekend.  At nighttime, when we went to the buffet, I had to tell my son to close his eyes because there was always a girl pole dancing right in front of the escalator! Just not really a family atmosphere.   . . All in all, we decided that we would never stay here again, even if it was free, even if it was a free suite! We chose not to complain to management because a) we were afraid of what management would be like after all these other experiences, and b) there was really nothing that could ever entice us to return to this place, so why bother? Oh, I forgot to mention that there was also a hidden $50 "resort fee" upon check-in (we had paid our entire fare through Expedia beforehand), which might not have been so irritating if there was anything resort-like about the place.. . Bottom line: If you are looking for a place to sleep and that's it, this would be fine.  If you care about comfort, class, environment, etc., stay away!
The bathtub and separate showers are nice, granite and tile, but the shower head and the towels are low rent. Other than this the tower deluxe room wasnt anythig special nothong particularly bad, just decent. If i wasnt hwre for work I would absolutely stay at least at the mandalay bay or nicer more mid-strip.  I had multiple problems with my keycard not working in the door, and an issue with my reservation thatr I called ahead to avoid and once there nothing was done and I was misinformed/lied too.  I will go out of my way not to stay here and make sure nobody else has to deal with their incompetence.  Too many bettere options to stay at on the strip to stay at the "Sux"ur.
We spent the night here after spending 3 nights in a different hotel further down the strip, and my girlfriend's first comment was "Downgradeeeeeeeee....".  Which it is, even perhaps from your local motel.. . The Luxor has done something tricky.  They've managed to disguise their 2-star hotel by spotting it with 4-star features, like "internet" and "buffet" and "shows".  They also have "concierges" and "room service".. . We were actually greeted first not by hotel staff, but by one of the discount-ticket booths that try get you into purchasing all sorts of whatnots.  This was bad sign #1.  We then proceeded to the huge check-in line, which managed to stream out to the door.  This was bad sign #2.  It literally seemed like it would be more beneficial to listen to the discount-ticket seller than waiting in that monstrosity.. . After eventually getting our room keys and trekking to the proper elevator, we had the pleasure of watching the room service staff at work.  Somebody had left their unfinished meal outside, and the staff was "cleaning" it.  This meant moving it from the corridor to a secluded corner where the remnants of who-knows-how-many meals also lay.  The best part was that the leftovers remained there untouched until we checked out the next day!  Mmmm... delicious.  This was bad signs #3 and 4.. . Walking around this hotel is a chore in the pyramid.  Each corner only serves certain floors, so if you're unlucky enough to be in the 50% (yes, 5-0) that are on the opposite side of the building from your specific elevator, you're going to be walking a LOT.  After trekkiing to our room, opening the door to our room, we were greeted with a beautiful view of the airport's runways, carpet from the mid-90s, a CRT television (wow!), and an air conditioner that made my old college dorm seem palacial.. . The bed was like a cupcake - not something you want to sleep on.  It was just a huge mattress topper, but with little support to speak of.  The bathroom was pretty spartan, so it did actually feel like we were living similarly to the ancient Egyptians.  I guess they can get their 1 star from this.  They offer internet, which was wired from a 25-foot cable set inside your dresser.  Somehow, they have decided to install a router in every room, but neglected to get wireless, or more importantly a digital thermostat.  Your air conditioner is the On-High-Med-Low/Hot-Cool kind, so if you find yourself alone, late at night, waking up to change your room temperature, fear not.  For you are already at the Luxor.. . Needless to say, we didn't feel particularly encouraged to spend time at the casino or the restaurants, so we walked the 1/2 mile or so to citycenter and spent the rest of the day there.. . Even for the low prices, you're getting ripped by their ~20$ resort fee.  The only reason I'd stay at the Luxor is to beef up my mLife account, and then hop over to some of their pricier resorts to get my comps.
My husband and I stayed at the Luxor for four nights over the Labor day weekend. The building and casino itself were alright, but the room was not up to par. First of all, we booked a two queen bed Pyramid room. When checking in, the woman helping us never mentioned that there were no more two bed rooms and that they had put us in a one bed room. It wouldn't have bothered us to be in the one bed room (we like to have two beds to put stuff on top of the other bed instead of on the floor) but it wouldn't have hurt to let us know. When we went back to the check in to ask about it, the woman gave us an attitude so we just made it work instead of fighting it.. . Also, the woman at the check out desk told us the wrong elevator to go on to get to our room so we spent an hour and a half trying to find our room. We stopped and asked three people who worked for the Luxor and none of them had any idea where our room was! That's not okay.. . Next, we noticed two different trays of room service that had been placed out in the hallway near our room to be cleaned up. The next day, those trays were still sitting out in the hallway. After the third day, we called the front desk to complain because it was starting the stink very badly. Finally by the fourth day it had been cleaned up. Gross!. . We only put the privacy sign on the door when we were sleeping, but some how still got skipped over for two days when it came to room service.. . It also really sucked that to get to the monorail, we had to walk through the Luxor and Excalibur, go across the street to New York New York, then back across to the MGM. You already do a ton of walking in Las Vegas but this just adds to it. This was our fault though for not figuring it out before booking a hotel room.. . No wonder the rates for this place were so cheap. We won't be staying here again.
We showed up and they didn't have our Travelocity reservation that was made two weeks prior and told us they were completely booked.  After calling Travelocity while waiting at the counter, they were able to get us one of our rooms, then they realized we had booked two, so we had to go through the whole process over again.  After spending AN HOUR at the counter, they were able to get rooms for us.. . Upon entering our room, a man from inside comes running at the door, scaring all of us.  THEY GAVE US AN ACTIVE KEY FOR A ROOM THAT ALREADY HAD SOMEONE CHECKED INTO IT.  I made the long trek back down to registration and had informed them of their latest mess up.  They finally gave me an upgraded suite that didn't have anybody in it, but we slept with one eye open hoping nobody would enter our room.. . Upon check out it took another HOUR to check out, I'm not kidding, because they couldn't find my info in their system AGAIN.  So I wasted about 3 hours dealing with trying to get the rooms that I had booked 2 weeks in advance, wasting much of our vacation time.  The staff was extremely rude as well, insisting that it was Travelocity's fault even though THEY do things like put people in rooms where others are already staying.  Other people next to me at registration were complaining about things like their rooms not having been cleaned upon their check in.  This place seriously sucks.  The pyramid rooms are junky as well and falling apart.  They waived their BS "resort fee" ($30) that they charge you on top of your reservation, but it's obvious that THEY SIMPLY DO NOT CARE at this hotel when I was telling them what I had to deal with.  My 60 year old mother was in tears on her first ever trip to Las Vegas.
EW. . . Wack. . . Price conscious crowd = unsanitary public restrooms in the casino, less than helpful & friendly staff, disappointing rooms, & killer wait time for check in.
If I could give no stars I would. I think it's interesting that my post to Luxor's Facebook page was quickly deleted because they didn't want people to see the real them. Funny. Here's my story:. . A year ago my husband and I reserved 2 nights at the Luxor. The second morning there, we received word that my mother in law had suffered a brutal attack and was in the hospital undergoing emergency brain surgery. We had to leave immediately. The upper management at Luxor basically said "sucksto be you" and refused to even comp us our 2nd night good toward a future stay. We weren't even asking for a refund, although, given the circumstances, I think would've still been honorable. And the incredible thing about it is, the people standing in line behind us as we were checking out, booked OUR same exact room that we had already paid for. So Luxor was profiting twice off of one room for one night. Sweet deal for them. So then, a couple of days ago, Luxor has the audacity to send me an email stating I can book with them for 20% off...some promo crap...are you kidding me?! We will NEVER stay at this place again! We go to Vegas every year, sometimes twice a year, and there are far too many fabulous hotels that give us VIP treatment every time for us to ever have to experience the disservice that is the Luxor ever again.
I went to book my room and the lady I had dealt with from the previous stay (Magaly Munoz-Mejorado ) had transferred positions and could not help me. The person she sent me to (Edna Martinez later I found out was out she was out of town and nobody could do her position except her HAHA! ) did not respond for over 1 week. I eventually just called to book the stay and I spoke with some ghetto woman who acted like I was bothering her at her home or something. It was crazy... I finally got it booked  when I spoke with a supervisor (Molly Merritt Hotel  Shift Manager) and she was so nice. She was one of the nicest people I have ever spoke with. She deserves to be in Edna's position. I really thought I was going to have a good time after speaking with her... but I was sadly mistaken. . The rest of the trip pretty much went the same as the 1st trip. . IF I read the reviews to Luxor I would have NEVER stayed there. Mind you this is my updated 2nd review. I went back to the Luxor and had similar problems. Check in, they messed up our room and I thankfully caught it, before going upstairs. After 15-25 mins w/ our Rep talking with her supervisor they got it squared away and we were on our way. The suite was actually nicer, much larger and more updated than the previous mini-suite. All seemed great UNTIL the night came. They had a banner that was loose and the large cables were  banging up against the window, which I can understand it happens. It is how you treat your customers when this DOES happen. I called to complain and the service was once again EXTREMELY RUDE. She finally said to me, Well do you want to move or what? Excuse me? I just want to have it fixed. She told me she would have someone fix it. I didnt get much sleep and it sucked waking up on vaca so sleepy. I called down the next day and they had no record of any of this. They told me they would call me back. Nobody did, I called back again a few hours later when I got back into the room and they told me it wouldn't be fixed until Monday or Tuesday and I was leaving Sunday afternoon. We decided to move rooms.This time we moved into a the same sort of suite, but just not as nice. The bellman told me he was surprised they didnt put me in a nicer room, because that is what they usually do. I was just glad I actually got some rest that night. I was exhausted from being out late and having fun. . The service at the restaurant this time was better and the time frame to get our food was MUCH faster.  I had a good time with my husband out and about doing our thing.... BUT All in all I will NEVER go back to the Luxor..  I will try some nicer hotels on the strip. I heard a lot of good things about the Venetian, so I think I am going to try that one out next time we go to Vegas!
I do not care how low the rates may be I will never stay here again. We recently went on a girls weekend and stayed here. At check in the lady was like a robot. No expressions, no warm welcome, nothing. We went to our rooms that we were told connected and they didn't. We were ultimately given 4 sets of rooms and shuffled back and forth from the east and west towers before our bellman finally got us two rooms that connected. He was the only helpful employee our entire stay at the Luxor. Multiple times the valet only opened the driver's door and walked away. When we called to ask about details of the pool the answer we were given was, "Well, we have one." I will never stay here again and I will encourage my friends and family to do the same.
SUCKS...was not impressed at all.. . We stayed three days, which was the amount of time a dirty room service tray lay outside the door next to ours. I called the front desk twice (eight hours apart) to complain about it. Nothing was done until I took pictures and went down to the front desk and showed them. The tray was starting to smell before they finally cleaned it up!! I see on other reviews that this seems to be a common practice here.. . Other complaints are the old tv., twenty foot cable from routers that served as your internet connection,  the lack of a bed spread, and the carpet that was soaked from the leaking air conditioner (which looked like they were bought at a motel six yard sale.. . We were asked at least thirty times by timeshare representatives to let them give us free stuff for a little of our time.  Every turn inside the hotel seemed liking they had these guys lurking. . . The worst thing about it was that there was no management to complain to and no hotel staff to help you out. Once you checked in after waiting in the three hundred foot line, you are on your own.
Shitshow. If I could give no stars I would. I've never stayed at a crappier place in Vegas. Stuck in elevator for over an hour, lines were ridiculous, no real food options, stale casino air, and approached by time share reps every corner I turned. Don't waste your time or money here. Spend a few dollars more and stay at Mandalay. Luxor makes the Tropicana look like a five star resort.
Wow, just wow.. . I decided to try the Luxor as a friend of mine had suggested it.  I had not been here in quite a number of years, and decided it was time to give them a try.  I requested a 3-night stay.. . As I check in at the front desk, I was offered an upgrade to a tower suite room for an extra $20, which I thought was a good deal.  This was in the new towers (not the older pyramid) in the existing resort.  I was very anxious to see these new rooms, as this was supposed to be a new renovation the Luxor completed.  The last time I stayed in this hotel was about 6 or 7 years ago, so it looked totally different now.. . After check-in and receiving my room key, I had one HELL of a time finding the elevators.  This was bar none, the most confusing arrangement I had ever seen. -- Even other guests were asking ME for directions to THEIR elevators...  Pathetic..  Finally, after asking two casino people, they were able to escort me to the proper elevator.  Now, as they were doing so, I counted 9 (nine) different turns down various passageways.  I was so spun around, I didn't know which way was up after being  brought to the correct elevator door.  This place is like a MAZE unlike anything imaginable.... . ...Now I finally reach my floor.  After getting off the elevator, I noticed several different hallways going off into different directions...  Yep, you guessed it, NO signs indicating which rooms were down which hall, either...  Well, after some poking around and wasting maybe 5 more minutes trying to find where to go, I finally found my room!. . So, I put my key into the door, unlocked, and went inside...  That's when the fun started..... . So, what did I see when I opened my hotel room??. . There was this old guy sitting on the bed, in his underwear, T-Shirt, holding a TV remote control in his hand, staring me up and down..... . The guy, VERY surprised, asked me "Ummmm?....  Who the HELL are you?!!!".... . I was about to ask the same question.... . I was like "This was supposed to be MY room, sir..."...   The guy told me that him and his wife were not supposed to check out until Friday!....  W-T-F!??. . Yep, something was really screwed up, BIG TIME!. . I apologized to the guy and told him I would sort it out with the front desk... . So, down the elevators and into the maze I went marching back to the front desk.. . I told the Luxor desk clerk what happened.  She just said, "Oh, sorry, we THOUGHT that room was already vacant"..... . Nope, there was an old guy sitting in his underwear watching TV and he was supposed to be there until Friday, I said.... . They acted like it wasn't any big deal.  That was until I told them to cancel my reservation and refund my money.  Now, the manager comes over and tells me he would make things right by offering me a "free upgrade".. . I told him that would not do, as I didn't like the layout of the hotel and had a very funny feeling about the place.  I told the manager that the hotel signage sucked, and the layout and design was beyond bad...  He seemed very disturbed by my comments, and just said, "OK, then, that's the best we can do"..  Anyway, I had to insist two more times for a refund before they would finally process it.  They were trying like hell to keep me from canceling.. . Save your time and money.  This place does not have it together.
Forced to stay here because of convenience to the convention center and couldn't get a room at the Mandalay Bay.  It's been probably 10 years since stepping foot in the Luxor.  I am unimpressed.  The place just seems dirty and old.  This place needs a major renovation or just tear it down.  The elevator walls are peeling and tarnished.  Pyramid Deluxe rooms are dark.  There's been a glass sitting at the at the foot of my door since the day I checked in and it's still not been taken away.  I can say I will never be back here again.
I was here for Supply side west... at best Luxor is a 1 star, I would not stay here again even for free!! Room was trashy - huge red carpet stains, (blood or wine, hoping wine) - towels looked like they were used from motel 6!! , no wireless anywhere in hotel so we held our meeting at another hotel, (spent 100's in food and drinks because  Mr Luxor will not install wireless... really smart move!!!) internet cord in my room would not even reach my table... overall this is a really poor place to stay.. + its away from all the action of the good hotels... NEVER EVER AGIAN!!!!! Management here has not a clue!!!
Yuk!  Staying at the Luxor this week.. . Normally, I stay at the Four Seasons for $30 more than this place. Unfortunately they were sold out and my only other option was the smelly 'ol run-down Luxor for my company's big conference this year.  . . This place has really gotten dumpy over the last 10 years and I'm not looking forward to my week in Vegas this time.. . After being here for 4 hours, here are my observations..... - front-desk staff are indifferent (i.e., seem to know that they have an inferior product). - elevators are VERY SLOW and very creaky (glad that I made it to my floor - 13th). - No Ice in any of the ice machines (tried 6 different locations on 3 different floors). - No wireless - have to connect using a hard-wire cable if you can find it behind the TV. - Beds do not feel clean - I'll be sleeping fully clothed and will not attempt to get under the covers. - The bottoms of my feet turned black from walking barefoot on the carpet.. . This place seriously needs a major face lift before I stay here again.
Stayed here for fourth of July weekend a couple years ago. Self parking was full so we tried to valet. They said unless we had a room card, they wouldn't valet the car. We had a confirmation number, but that wasn't good enough. Ended up having to park the next hotel over and walk with our bags. . . When I complained at the front desk, they offered to wave the $10 resort fee. We got to the room, and it was awful. It smelled and had burnt out lightbulbs. . . Overall, this is a good place to stay if you plan on only passing out drunk in the room. Otherwise, there are much nicer and cheaper places to stay.
I would say our experience was less than ideal, but not horrible and didn't want to be too negative on what could have been an isolated incident... but now reading other reviews... I feel like my experience was actually somewhat typical. . . My friend booked this for room because it was well-priced. My friends got a pretty nice suite room that was spacious. Our room was suppose to also be a non-smoking suite, but they instead gave us a "regular" sized room instead, which was quite small (I didn't mind the size since we were only staying a single night and just sleeping)  and worse was that the room had the worse smoke odor I've ever experienced. Now I would stay I've stayed in a decently number of hotels over the years (many of them were the cheapest we could find) and occasionally I've noticed a little bit of a smell in a smoking hotel room - but this was worse I've ever been in after about 5 mins and your eyes start to hurt.. . We went back to change the room and they "explanation" was that when we first checked in... they didn't have a suite, OR a non-smoking room available - so they silently gave us a smoking regular sized room instead. There were some separate issues (which could have been unfortunate coincidences and I'll skip over) but basically it took us an hour (they called for someone to assist, but that person didn't show up, so they had to call someone else) and a talk to the manager before we could change our rooms to at least a non-smoking regular sized room.
The Luxor appeared tired and very worn as of 11-2-2011. . . No in-room safe, no tub (ergo, no edge to hold shampoo, razor, etc.), no mini-bar (frig), no coffee/tea set up, no easy chair or sofa.. . The devil is in the details: carpets throughout were badly faded. Elevator interiors showed considerable accumulated wear and tear; someelevator doors had problems closing; and some elevator call buttons seemed non-functional. Elevators with any problem do not instill confidence.. . Our queen-Pyramid room was spacious, but not all that comfortable. The picture shown on the Luxor website of a typical room must have had extensive supplemental lighting, because even with all the lights on, the room was dimly lit. The bathroom was worse with just one low-watt overhead fixture in the middle of the room making shaving or doing make-up annoyingly difficult. Bathroom fan was very loud, as was the  the toilet flush. Facial and toilet tissue were unpleasantly coarse and scratchy (however, tissue at their spa was acceptable). . . Although beds had nice firm pillows, the worn mattresses lacked adequate support. Linens were exceedingly thin. Seating in our room consisted of three dining room type chairs, two of which needed to have their partially broken seat surfaces replaced. A small circular utility table had numerous scratches. Exterior of the windows was extremely dirty.. . One odd comment: the electric outlets all seemed to allow whatever was plugged in to fall out easily. Tried charging a phone overnight, only to find the plug had fall out before the phone had fully charged. . . We could watch the planes land and take off from McCarran Airport, only a little over a quarter mile east of our room, and surprisingly, we heard very little noise, generally.. . Spa massage was excellent. Poolside chaises could use a good scrubbing.. . You wouldn't visit the Paradise Cafe twice; my burger was served at room temperature, as were the fries. The buffet was $15 for breakfast, $16 for lunch, $20 for dinner, or $32 for an all day pass. Such frugal pricing resulted in a selection of dishes that was adequate, but nothing special. Prime rib at the carving station at dinner was well prepared and tasty; turkey breast was also well prepared and moist. I did appreciate the petite dessert sizes; despite unlimited access, I would rather enjoy two small tastings than only one big one.. . Staff seemed well trained, pleasant, and helpful. . . We booked our package through Expedia and wished we had selected some other hotel for our one week stay.
We got a deal for $45 per night during a conference so we stayed here. There was also a $15 per night resort fee which said it covered in-room internet, the gym, etc. When it said in-room internet I just assumed it meant wireless. It doesn't. You pay $15 per night for wired internet (if you brought a cable and if you can find the plug...we couldn't). . . There is no wifi available at all in the rooms. None. So, the first day I camped in Starbucks all day and paid $9.99 for slow wifi. On the second day I discovered that if you sit in the Bazaar area, you can connect to the MGM or Mirage free wifi and get better signal that you can get from the service you have to pay for elsewhere in the hotel. The chairs are also more comfortable and the ladies that work at the snack shop there are really nice.. . Our room was in one of the towers and it looked like it hadn't been upgraded in ages. The door handles were all scuffed and scratched. For some reason you don't get a real comforter either. Just a sheet, a thin blanket and a "satin" cover. Saving on laundering costs I suppose?. . The walls are also very thin. We could hear everything going on in the rooms next door. Even just the flush of a toilet can be heard.. . The elevators are literally falling apart. Many buttons are missing and the control panel is exposed in many of them. I felt oh so safe.. . The housekeeping staff doesn't follow the "towels on the floor need to be replaced, those hanging don't" rule. I try to conserve water in hotels by not asking for new towels everyday. I don't get them at home, why would I in  hotel? But they replaced them every day anyway. Not very "green.". . My final, and biggest, complaint is that the room keys are terrible. In 3 days I had to get 4 new keys because they stop working if you get them anywhere near a credit/debit card or a cell phone. I'm a girl, I keep everything in a purse. How am I supposed to keep the key away from everything in my purse? I tried by surrounding the room key with business cards but that didn't work.. . One night at 3 AM, I returned to my room and my key didn't work. I went to the front desk to get it fixed (again) and they said their system was down so they couldn't give me a new key. They told me to wait by the elevators for someone from housekeeping to let me in my room. I waited by the elevators and no one showed up. So I went back to the front desk and finally got a new key. When I got up to my room, the phone rang and it was housekeeping telling me that someone from the front desk was "looking for me" and then put me on hold. I hung up after waiting 30 seconds.. . I will never stay at this hotel again. I guess you really do get what you pay for.
*The rooms were overpriced for what they offered, if you take into account the resort fee of $15 daily (I recommend going elsewhere, after tacking on the fee). *$15 daily resort fee does not provide any extra amenities.  . ---Free WIRED internet.  How about providing wireless (since a cable jack just doesn't fit w/my phone)?  And since there is very bad reception and signal in the room, wireless would have been nice.. ---Free local calls.  Cool.  I have a cell phone for a reason.  Granted, guess it came in handy b/c I had to stand by the slanted window to make calls and get internet signal.. ---Free use of gym.  BUT, it'll cost another $15 a day to use the steam room, etc.  The gym is pretty standard, so including it as an ammenity of the resort fee was ridiculous.. *The bathroom light went out.  It took 12 hours to get it fixed. . *There is no duvet on the beds.  Just two sheets and athin blanket.  If you want additional blankets, call housekeeping (they were fairly quick).. *LAX nightclub.  I wouldn't recommend it.  I decided to stop in after spending the night elsewhere, just to see what it looked like.  Save yourself 10 minutes and skip it.. *Checking out was simple (used my phone and the Luxor app).  If something comes up, I'll update.
the room facility is so old. The bath sink was clogged. We asked for fix it in the early morning, but they didn't do anything after we went back room in the evening. Their manager said they left message in our room and waited for our response. I already gave them our cellar number, but they stupid waited for our call back from the room.. . They spent half of hour worked on it. Finally told me they couldn't fix it and asked us to go to front-desk to change room. Unfortunately we had to go to see the show after 2o min and asked they gave us the new room keys as soon as possible. They told us they were busy and we had to wait in the queue. Finally we missed the first 30 min of the show.
Nice rooms but I'd only return I'd there was a coffee maker in the room. If the want you to get up and gamble they shouldn't make guests wait in the 40 + people long line at either Starbucks for overpriced drip !
WOW my experience was awful!!!. . We booked our ticket through Luxor website and reserved a room with 2 queens in it, non smoking! My wife has asthma and is allergic to cigarette smoke. We get to the front desk and are told that they gave our room away and only have smoking rooms left. Yea thats not going to work. They promised us that the smoking room does not smell like smoke so we decided to go up and check it out. The room is all the way on the other side of the hotel. We make the walk and go upstairs and of course the room STINKS of cigarette smoke!. . Exhausted I make the trek downstairs and around the casino to make it to the front desk. After A LOT of negotiating the front desk begrudgingly gives us the spa suite. We head over there and are looking forward to finally beginning our night in Vegas. The room was extremely disappointing, furniture was broken and the jacuzzi was stained and dirty. . . We hang out the night and gamble away $4500 but hey its Vegas you are supposed to gamble and have fun. Somehow though the player card did not register our time spent at the table and when I went to the players card desk I was told I had less than a dollar in it. . . The next morning we wake up and what do you know... The shower does not heat up, its cold water only!!!!! . . I don't want to bore the fellow yelpers with more stories of the awful breakfast buffet or total rudeness of the hotel staff. So I will end my review with advising all my yelp friends... STAY AWAY FROM THE LUXOR!!!. . Oh one final note, after relaying our issues to the front desk they decided the best way to compensate us was to waive the resort fee. Thank you for $16 dollars, that really made up for the horrendous experience!! (sarcasm for those who can't pick up on it)
Horrible. The place reeks of smoke. The management at check-in and out do not care about their customers. They were rude and degrading to the point of being insulting. Resort fee is hidden and not worth it.
My fellow Yelpers...DO NOT STAY AT THE LUXOR...I repeat DO NOT STAY AT THE LUXOR...The is one of WORST Hotel stays I have ever encounter. First, off the front desk was not friendly at all rushed us into the so call "bargain" upgrade room I received before arriving.  Unfortunately, it was the beginning of a nightmare stay. The jacuzzi had "PUBIC HAIRS" in it, the bathroom fan did not work and the door did not work when you tried to get in your room.  . When I called to complain they only were going to come up and clean the jacuzzi. I told them that was not acceptable after getting a visual of that HAIR!!. Then I spoke to Management then they upgraded us again which was okay just more space.  But my experience in this upgrade was awful as well....housekeeping never bother to clean our room for 2 days. Not to mention the SMOKE that came into the room all day.. The only thing the Hotel thought they would do for us is refund $35 upgrade forget about the running around and cleaniness of room.. PLEASE DON'T STAY AT THE LUXOR YOU WILL REGRET IT!!
I have stayed in just about every hotel in Vegas and this by far was the worst and I stayed in some pretty nasty hotels around the outskirts of Vegas when I was younger. Coming in from a late night out at the clubs all you want to do is get some sleep, however Luxor makes it impossible to do so when you are presented with a room that looked liked someone got MURDERED in it! When I pulled up my covers to get some much needed sleep I was presented with a few blood stains on the sheets themseleves. Apoun further inspection there was blood on the carpet as well. Even if the hotel did change their unclean sheets there was enough blood on the bed to soak thru the sheets itself. It was extrememly disgusting and violates a bunch ofhealth and saftey standards! After risking potentially caughting an STD  or some other sercious diease when getting my car from valet they put very noticiable dents in my car and refuses to pay or claim any liability for damages when car never left valet hands!
If I could rate this hotel as 1/2 a star, I would. I was looking to find a decent hotel to spend a summer weekend in Vegas with my boyfriend. Sure, Luxor had a great budget-friendly rate to offer for a weekend stay. That may have been the problem; you get what you pay for. . . Upon arrival, the concierge didn't even confirm the type of room I had requested. Instead, he just gave me a standard room when I clearly requested an upgrade as part of my MLife rewards. I decided not to ruin my trip over that "small" matter. That became the least of my worries as the weekend progressed. On the first night, I noticed an awful smell coming from the A/C vent, and realized that it was leaking and the water was being absorbed in the carpet leaving a humid smell. I called guest services and they assured me that someone would take care of the problem in the next hour. After waiting an hour, my boyfriend and I decided to leave so we could make it to our dinner reservation, and I called guest services to let them know.. . After a long night out, we returned only to find that nothing had been taken care of. I was soo upset at this point and called for the third time!  The representative told me they couldn't switch rooms and that instead, he could give me a 20% discount for the inconvenience. I decided that if they took care of it by the next day, it wouldn't be a problem. Day 2 came along and still, the A/C was leaking. I talked to a representative in person, and they offered me yet another discount. Why can't these people just move our room and fix the damn leak?!. . Finally, we checked out on the 3rd day and made it safely back home to San Diego. Upon our return, we noticed that my boyfriends 2 pairs of shoes were missing! We had a bellman pick up our things when we had checked out and they had lost the bag of shoes, about $150 value for both pairs. I was sooo furious, and this time, I called and asked for the Manager of VIP sales. After making a big fuss, he decided to waive our 1 night stay since he couldn't find the bag. . . All in all, it was a horrible experience, to say the least. Customer service should be priority, and for a Las Vegas Strip hotel, Luxor is not worth a dime! Spend your money elsewhere and save yourself the hassle of dealing with incompetent and unprofessional hotel staff.
Never gonna stay here again. Clogged sink for 3 days, clogged shower, sent people to fix  twice but nothing fixed, didn't up or exchange room,won't even compensate refund or anything!! And horrible service and attitude at front desk. All they did was refund the resort taxes... If I paid $170 for two nights stay I expect to be able to use shower and sink. WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS. and on Christmas weekend too ~!!!
I had been really excited to stay at the Luxor. I specifically requested a room in the Pyramid. As soon as we arrived the concierge service was rude and took forever, I also couldn't get past her enthusiasm for Obama with her "flair" of him all over her clothes, okay we get it sheesh. We had already ordered the room but now it wasn't available so we had to take another room. We still got a room in the pyramid, so we found the correct elevator and started our journey to our room. The elevators need a serious upgrade. I understand how the elevators work and I also understand they can be alittle jarring but the fact that they are very noisy, paints chipping, sign holders and mirrors are broken and not replaced and it sounds like your in a gold metal box that seems like its going to fall apart doesn't make you feel very confident. When we arrived to our room it was dark and smelled sort of musty. Not to sound cliche but the decor is very tired and very used. The beds were okay, the television was poor and the plumbing in the bathroom was terrible. Our shower filled with water after being in it for 2 minutes! The bathroom door had horrible water damage on it (wonder why). Anyway I wouldn't stay in this hotel if you paid me! Terrible service, over priced for what you get. I think I'd have a better stay in the REAL Pyramid.
Can't stand this place.  We show up after a long day, around 10pm and drive around the lot looking for a place to park - could not find anything, and that has never happened to me before in Vegas, most hotels have enough parking.  So we decide to valet since we are tired and no one seems to be leaving.  The valet walks up to us and tells us, "I have bad news, valet is full."  I told him we were staying at the hotel and he said "park at Mandalay Bay."  I was pissed, I'm supposed to hike up from some other hotel with my luggage when I paid to stay at Luxor!  We decided to try the garage one more time and stalked someone who was leaving and got their space.  Apparently they let the people going to their nightclub take all the parking, not paying guests.. . After about 45 minutes of looking for parking, we go to check in.  It's late so there is only 1 person at the desk, but as we stand there, the line just grows and grows, and they finally bring someone else up to help after we were standing there for 30 minutes and a person behind me started to loudly complain.  Finally get into the room and at that point I did not care what it looked like, only if it was clean.  What makes me mad about all this is I contacted them about the issue with parking and the lobby and never received a response.  I didn't want anything from them except an apology and they could not even bother with that.  I will never stay there again!
Pretty much the pits!  Everything is old, broken and smelly.  STAY AWAY!
I didn't have the highest of expectations for the Luxor, but it failed to even meet the bar that had been set so low.. . My friend and I checked in at about 1am on a Friday night/Saturday morning and went straight to bed.  So far, so good.  When we woke up in the morning, I walked into the bathroom and the floor was wet.  I asked my friend if they had taken a shower before I had woken up.  They told me they hadn't.  I walked into the bathroom again and saw that there was a leak... it was coming from the light.  Now I know that sometimes these things happen, and I would normally feel bad for giving a place 1 star for something that might've been out of their control, but their customer service was so atrocious that I feel really justified in giving them the lowest grade possible.. . The first time we called the front desk, they told us they were going to send an engineer up to fix the leak.  After waiting for an hour without a visit from the engineer, we gave the front desk a call and they told us they were going to switch us into another room and that someone needed to go to the desk to retrieve the new room keys.  When my friend arrived at the front desk, the clerk was rude and not apologetic at all.   We weren't being nitpicky about the leak.  The whole floor of the bathroom was soaked within minutes.  We weren't expecting to be waited on hand and foot, an they were still rude.  Sincerity would go a long way, Luxor.
First, I didn't stay here. We were on a family vacation and my brother booked his room here due to the cheap rate.. . You cannot get a drink here if you're playing the slots. There is no server to be found, and if they see you coming, they will keep walking away....fast.. . I played roulette and texas hold 'em. The table workers are so rude, it's ridiculous. Texas hold 'em is a minimum $30- although it lists $10. My brother wanted to play, so I went along. The cards were dealt and the worker says, "you have bad cards- look, you already lose $10- just like that." We finished up and moved on to roulette. I had great luck- won a lot. However, the attitudes of the workers sucked. My friend (who dropped a hundred) was sitting there smoking, and the worker stops everything to say, "you just blew smoke in my face!" My friend apologized immediately and said she didn't mean to. The worker insisted she had intentionally blown smoke in her face. So awkward. I set down my little purse a couple times to put my bigger chips in it, and each time, the worker would yell, "take it off the table now!!!" It was ridiculous. I'm a crazy generous tipper, but these folks were rude as hell. I've worked in casinos myself, and was always super friendly and fun with my customers. I don't get the rude behavior. Like we were a burden. I found this at Luxor more than any place else. Such terrible customer service. I would never stay there.
Off to a great start, I'm actually surprised that after a 35 minute check in line at 2:35am the clerk seemed annoyed with our presence. She dutifully told us our non smoking request for our asthmatic groom was not relevant, ignored a question by another guest and when we asked to be upgraded she said it wasn't possible and even advised us the jets in our spa were broken, nice! . . The room reeked of 80 yr. old  smokers and hopelessness. We're still trying to figure out if the stain on the ceiling is blood or pasta sauce. The hookers outside presented with more class and decorum. Overall an extremely underwhelming first impression Luxor, even if you're a sad aging property you could act like you are interested in customers having a nice stay.  1 star, and that's only because the app won't let me leave it blank.
I have been to Vegas a few times and stayed in a few different hotels and had a great experience. This time was awful. We got there later in the evening with our two babies. First they gave us the wrong room. Not a big deal just a mistake. We went down and got it fixed. Then we get to our room and there was trash laying on the floor under the table and between the beds. The ac was broken and the ice bucket was sitting on the chair full of water. Plus we paid for the spa suit and all the jets were broken in all of the rooms. So all they did was give us a new room and it was a little smaller. Also the hot water went out so we had to take cold showers. They didn't take the old towels out when they cleaned our room or put trash bags in the cans. The pools were ice cold and boring. The buffet was nothing special either. The rooms look rundown and the elevators are all shaky. The whole hotel is just getting old. It needs to be redone. But the bodies exhibit is really interesting. And the hotel is in between the Excalibur and the Mandalay bay. So that was a big plus.
Luxor is a nice hotel and all. But, when I stayed there for 3 nights, it completely ruined the hotel for me. I waited 2 hours for a hotel room at 11 PM! After that, we had to wait for our hotel room to be ready and it was so irritating. We managed to be on the 13th floor (bad luck!). The swimming pool was overcrowded and half of it wasn't even open due to construction. Good hotel to walk through, but don't stay here.
Short and sweet:  Just don't.  . . I don't care how cheap The Luxor is and the fact that the only reason you need a room in Vegas is so you'll have somewhere to pass out in... just don't.  I've learned my lesson and will pony up the extra cash to stay somewhere that doesn't suck.
The staff was great, the Hotel was not!
In all my years of travel and staying at many hotels, I've never experienced anything worse than the Luxor. . . The Luxor was not our first choice in hotels during our most recent trip to Vegas, but a wedding we were in was next door at Mandalay and many of the guests were staying at Luxor too. I'm not really picky and let's be honest, how often are you in your room in Vegas anyway? So, we booked a room there through a timeshare tour thing (I'm writing a review for Grandview too- RUN if they try and lure you in with their bullshit. I digress.) and everything seemed ok until we got to Luxor. . . Our room was the biggest piece of shit ever. Again, I'm not really picky and lived in Isla Vista for four years, so it takes a lot to creep me out. But, our sink was backed up and stunk of sewage, our shower was broken, air conditioning didn't work (hot as FUCK in our room), cracks in the wall, paint peeling everywhere..honestly, it was a mess. Plus, the elevator up to our floor was the shakiest thing ever. I seriously prayed for my life everytime I had to go up or down. Hotel management seriously needs to have that thing checked for safety. . . The icing on the cake was when we went to speak with someone about moving rooms. The guy we spoke with (forget his name) was kind of rude. Yes, they moved us to their new tower (if you are forced to stay at Luxor, request a room in the East Tower) but we were not comped or anything- good customer service would have done something nice for us considering I was in a wedding and couldn't shower... . When we got up to our old room to grab our bags and move, our FUCKING DOOR WAS WIDE OPEN! Apparently, they had a plumber there (at 1130 at night, mind you) to work on our sink, but the jackass at the front desk failed to tell us that we could expect him. Also, the plumber wasn't in there when we got in, as he was working on multiple rooms at once. Are you kidding me?? I had thousands of dollars worth of clothes, jewelry and luggage just open for anyone to cruise up and take. . . I am abhorred at how Luxor handled our initial complaints about our unlivable room. But, the lack of communication and the negligence on behalf of the plumber is unacceptable. You have many choices of places to stay when you go to Vegas. I don't care if youre trying to save a buck or what, but I would never recommend anyone to stay here. Worst experience ever.
Disgusting.  I've stayed at better road side motels than this.  In room 18026 there is BLACK MOLD on the ceiling and the shower doesn't drain.  The entire motel smelled like a moldy bathroom.  I wouldn't stay there again if it where free!  . . If you make the mistake of staying in this ARM PIT of a motel DO NOT eat at "Tenders"  it is SEVERALLY over priced and I've had better steaks at Ruby Tuesdays. . And yes I intentionally used the word "Motel"
Never stay at the Luxor unless you want problems after problems. Even after we check out we are still having issues with the Luxor refunding our money. What a terrible and ridiculous experience.
I booked my tower non-smoking room directly from the Luxor's website for an IT conference.  When I arrive, they told me that they were overbooked and were moving me to the pyramid suite instead.  I told them "Thanks, but no thanks.  Last time I stayed in the pyramid I couldn't sleep due to the smell of smoke, heat, and poor room conditions.  They said "Your only choices are to take the pyramid room or a smoking tower room (which is the reason I don't stay in the pyramid!)"  I asked them if the pyramid room was going to be smoky and hot due to the fact that it was on the 28th floor.  They said "Probably".  When we got to the room, it was hot, smokey, and very run down.  They also let us know that the jets in the hot tub didn't work. The Internet which we were paying $20/night for in our "Resort Fee" was horrible (0.7 download, 0.3 upload and a 200ms latency).  Oh and NO wifi!  After our stay I checked out and asked "Do youusually overbook the towers like that?"  They replied "Sometimes" offering no compensation or remorse. This is the second time this has happened to me while staying there for a conference and it will be the last time I book at the Luxor.. . PS two of the four elevators had issues.  One wouldn't close properly and the second has beer all over it.  I also had to buy a pillow from Target because my neck was killing me with those horrible mattresses and pillows.
The gambling at the Luxor is terrible. No return. And the time share hawkers make you feel like you're in a third world country.  I'll never go back.
AVOID AT ALL COST!!! Stayed here on my honeymoon in the spa suite that I booked ahead of time and when I check in find out the spa's do not work in any room!!! So its just a "big" bath tub. We took the room anyway 150$ on a Tuesday night. We're offered 50$ in a meal voucher with they didn't input into the computer and had to fight with them at checkout but anyways back to the room. FILTHY!!! Room had puke on one of the pillows and everything smelled horrible. AC was not cold and had the blowing power of an asthmatic person blowing through a straw. There is so much more to say about to the rooms uncleanliness but let's just say the bus stop on the corner is cleaner. TIME SHARE PEOPLE AT EVERY CORNER! I have never been so harnessed in my life. They acted like they were Luxor employees and could check us in as I didn't really notice the badge at first. Once I noticed it was a timeshare scam and started to walk away they yelled at us and started to talk trash cause we  were not interested in the junk they were selling especially after lying to us that they were express check in. AVOID THIS PLACE FOR STAYING OR GAMBLING AT!
Back in the day, this hotel may have been one of the best, or not, but it surely isn't one now.. . For years, I didn't step foot into this hotel since new hotels were opening and such and what a horrible mistake I made.  I didn't have a whole lot of lugguage here, just a couple of jackets and such, since my real lugguage was at the Paris Hotel & Casino.  . . And apparently, security and other hotel personnel kept checking in on my room when I wasn't there (don't know why, but I could've been on the casino floor or eating somewhere) and on the night I was going to check out, I go into my room and it was cleared OUT! My jackets, my snacks, some money, and other belongings were "thrown out" by the housekeeper. WHAT THE F***?! I was able to claim my jackets, but the money and snacks were gone, their reasoning for doing so, was that they thought we had checked out already.  . . Luxor is beyond unprofessional and just out right disturbing.  Looking through my stuff and my room to see if I was even staying in the room.  My room key still worked and clearly in the system, it should say the room is still occupied.  . . Till this day, I'm still angry that they took my $5, cheetos, and a Scooby-Doo keychain I won from the arcade... Who knows what else they'll take from you, just watch out!. . Also, I hope none of you were infected with Legionnaires disease here at the Luxor, which is contracted through contaminated mist and vapor.  Good Luck.
I went a few weeks ago and the water in my bathroom quit running at midnight and when I called downstairs I was transferred and then no one was sent to my room. It was out for six hours. When I had gone down to the front desk to explain that not only had my water been off but I found hair in my bed and the trash was emptied when we got there, the man didnt make eye contact, grumbled that he was sorry for the incovinience and that he would take the $24 resort fee off. Oh and then when I emailed to complain they sent me an email back saying my next trip will be guaranteed the lowest price...Ugh priceline does that.. Horrible place. Many of the front desk workers hate being there and you can tell. If you're not going to spend the money to be in a penthouse don't waste your time here they treat you like $h!t otherwise.
I only have a couple of words.  It stunk.  Literally.  Smelled like burnt food and cigarettes.  The worst stay of my life.  Will never stay here again.. . I had a great time when I was able to leave this dump and hit the sights.
After waiting in line for at least 3 hours (no kidding), we finally got our room.  . The front desk personnel and the concierge were rude and unhelpful.. The pool is operated by a different company than the Luxor, so after buying a 15$ drink we could not even take it to the pool.  Thanks for NOT telling us ! . There are timeshare representatives all over the place, be prepared to be asked by 20 persons each day to sign up for their presentation. CAREFUL : if your willing to take 3 hours of your time for a couple of free tickets and some extra money, that's fine, but if you are tempted to sign their contract (Las Vegas Grandview resort) please read all the fine prints before you do so. Misrepresentation and misleading are their speciality.  . Jerks.. I will never stay here again. Never.
HIDDEN FEES GALORE!!! HUGE CHECK-IN LINES!!! SCAM!!. . I booked 4 nights at the Luxor in Feb. of 2012 for mid June. When I made the reservation  I paid up front in full. Nice lady told me that I had paid for everything. In addition to booking for 3+ nights, we would get 1 free buffet (for 2 people) on the house. . . Here is where the WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER begins! . . Arrival: get to the Luxor. Check-in line is literally around the whole building - there must have been over 1,000 people in line. Apparently the new 'system' had crashed. 3.5 HOURS later we finally checked in. Got a free drink in line for the 'inconvenience' ...lol, are you serious? No discount? No nothing!?!? Not even a sincere apology. RIDICULOUS! . . Upon checking in - wrong room. We had ordered 2 queens - they had1 king in the system. hmmmm.... strike #2 ... can't even keep a simple room reservation. Another failure of the new 'system'?. . Ok, so what about the free buffet we were promised? Oh, I'm sorry sir, we don't have that in our system... WHAT??? Are you kidding me? I actually had to ask for a manager and get heated to get a free buffet comped. (buffet was a joke anyways - good grade dog food) . . Grand Finale! So, looks like you owe us another $120 in fees and taxes... WTF??? Are you people for real??? $15 a day 'resort fee' + $15 in daily taxes. Don't you think you should have TOLD ME THIS WHEN I BOOKED THE ROOM!?!? . . Will never be back! I will let everyone I know about the terrible experience I had in the Luxor. Rest assured me and my friends (who spend lots of $$$$ in casinos) will NEVER spend another PENNY in the Luxor (or any of its associating casinos)
My husband and I stood at the Luxor from 13th to 16th of June and will not be back. . . Our room was in the pyramid, 20th floor. First bad thing about is that the elevators are in one corner of the pyramid and if your room is not close to the elevator, get ready to walk! In the pyramid there are no windows, so the air is not really good, A/C must run all day long. In our room, the dust was all over, when I realized it was way too late to call the housekeeping people and I was way too tired after traveling from LA to Vegas and spending the day walking around like crazy. . . I decided to clean a bit around my bed with a wet towel and notice that the fire sprinkler by the bedside had about  1/2 inch of dust, it seems that nobody looks up when cleaning, plus the headboard, lamps and nightstands had a lot of dust. After cleaning and seeing the white towel become nasty, I decided to hang it in the bathroom, in the vent that was also nasty with dust, to call for the housekeeping attention.. . To my surprise, when I returned to my room later in the second day, the towel was still hanging in the vent and the dust was still there. I took a picture and sent to the hotel management, from whom I did not hear back until now. I know how hotels work, instead of resolving the problem; they try to please you giving another room, so I did not go to the front desk. Resuming, the dirty towel stood there until my check out. I showed to the front desk attendant my picture and she was nice to cancel the resort fees and apologized, which was nice of her, but still did not make me change my mind.. . Overall, the Luxor has seen better days, the pyramid is dirty and in need of attention inside and out, from my floor you could see those "buildings" they have put as decoration in the middle of the pyramid and on the top of them the amount of empty cans, cigarette packs, and litter is ridiculous. Clearly there is no attention to maintenance, cleaning and guests well being..  . Other hardship I had , we went there to meet a friend who was staying also at the Luxor coming from Brazil (so he had no local cell phone). Nobody could find him by his name, I tried the front desk person and by phone. They do not show much good will in helping you. I had to find my ways using contacts in Brazil and everything was good. I could later contact him from my room just dialing his room number. When I did my check out and left to Excalibur's buffet, I called Luxor to speak with my friend and asked for his room number. The operator said that it was an invalid room number... WHAT????? Not only I had been there but also called many times from my room!!!! She asked for his name, I spelled last and first name and she said that he was not at the hotel... WTH?? . . Again????????? I got REALLY mad and decided just walk back there to meet him, since the lack of interest of those people in helping is just ridiculous! . . Resuming, the casino is ok, the restaurants are ok, front desk staff is very nice and friendly, operators sucks, and the prices are ok, but honestly, I rater pay a bit more and go somewhere else next time.
Terrible experience here. I will never stay here again and encourage you to think twice before booking here. When we arrived, we waited THREE HOURS in line to check in. Apparently they were having problems with a new computer system. We had reserved a spa suite, which was in the pyramid. Once we finally got checked in, I was very eager to see our room. Unfortunately, I was disappointed right off the bat. It kind of looked like a basic, cheap hotel room. First thing I noticed was there was no mini fridge. What kind of suite does not come with a mini fridge? Later in the night we realized that the spa jets in our spa were out of order. Needless to say we were upset, but when we called the front desk, they told us that ALL of the spas in the hotel were out of order. WTF? Really? And yet they neglected to tell us this when we booked, or while we were checking in. I was so frustrated. The only reason we booked the SPA SUITE was because of the spa! Duh! We would have switched our type of room when we checked in if we had been told the jets were broken. The next major problem with our stay at the Luxor was the fact that the maids do not respect your privacy signs. We stayed for four nights, and every single morning, the maids knocked and entered, despite the privacy sign hanging on the door! I have absolutely ZERO patience for this kind of thing. I spoke with several friends who were also staying at the Luxor, and the same exact thing happened to each of them, multiple times. This should never happen at a esteemed, respected Vegasresort. This was kind of the deal breaker that made me decide I will NEVER stay at the Luxor again. I urge you to book somewhere else!
how do make a neg star rating? When I first stayed here, it was Luxurios. Now it is lack Luxor at most. Smelled bad when first walking in. a long wait to check in, a the front desk was less than 20% staffed. Dont waste time asking the concierge anything. He want knowledgeable about restaurants, shows, or it seemed much of Vegas. The room was sub standard. Smelled slightly better than the main, lobby, but I couldn't get past the mold in the bathroom, or the clump of someones long black chair hair matted on the shower wall. T&T bar was a waste. Bartendet, obviously over burdened by the 30% occupency felt the need to be rude and too busy. Fish tacos are 3 tiny tortillas with a fish stick in it and some bad lettuce. A fish stick! Add on the fee to death add ons, and it isnt worth it. Reminds me more of a cheap motel or dirty circus circus of the past. No stay deal is worth it here. No wifi, theyre stuck in the old days of cables. Wont get work done poolside
This place was really nice once but it has taken such a nose-dive now that even the casino bathrooms look like they're in a gas station. . The check-in process takes a really long time even when they have most of the windows operating, but the problem for us when we stayed here this past week was that the A/C didn't work. Or more precisely, it runs but it doesn't get any cooler than 80. .  We went to our room, it was warm, so we set the A/C on high to cool the room quickly. Didn't happen, as the unit blewwarm air, even after we return a few hours later to a still hot room. I got on the phone, which put me through a series of recordings, then an operator (hitting the "front desk" button on the phone takes you everywhere but there) before speaking to a desk clerk to to tell her that our A/C wasn't working and we wanted to switch rooms. While I'm sitting on the bed, which is still made up, I look down and see that the sheets and a pillowcase have BIG, deep yellow stains all over them. They are so big and dark that there is no way the staff didn't see them. And I'm wondering, "what the hell is that?". The front desk told us to come down, and we told a clerk that the A/C in the room wasn't working. She gave us an upgrade to a tower room, which had much nicer furniture and clean bedding. HOWEVER, the A/C didn't work any better at all. We came to the conclusion that they had set the units to a temperature, which seemed to be 80 degrees. We had spent two hours of our trip dealing with the rooms, so we gave up. My husband actually had to pull the chair under the warm vent and slept there because it was cooler than the bed. Sounds like a comfortable hotel, huh?
This place sucks!!! So my wife and I just got married and rented a suite here with a jacuzzi in the room to celebrate our wedding night.. . 1. Walking in it smelled like like old used towels. (Must be all the dead bodies in the bodies museum stinking up the place lol).. 2. Took FOREVER to check in to only find out that the jets in the tub are out of service. . 3. Elevators-OMG talk about fearing for my life riding the elevator. It was noisy as hell, we can feel it shaking from side to side.. 4. The suite was a dump! Pillows were dirty, carpets were dingy and dirty. Furniture was old as hell. The room also smelled bad. I can go on but there is too much to complain about.. . We didn't even want to be in the room. We ended up just hanging out on the strip until we went to bed and checked out at 4AM!. This place needs to be renovated and upgraded ASAP!. . I repeat DO NOT STAY HERE!!  Spend a few more bucks and go to another hotel on the strip!!!!
I have stayed in the Luxor many years ago and it was actually pretty nice. I knew the place had gotten old and only booked the room because I was in town for a convention at the MGM which is right across the street. I was prepared for the room to be average and not so nice so my low scores are not based on that. I wasnt expecting a 5 star stay, but what happened over the course of the week was disgusting and so wrong! . . First of all Ammenities: . - Rooms are old and out dated.  - Furiture was scratched and broken in someplaces.  -Bedding was comparible to a motel six . - NO WIFI! . - No central A/C so the room doesnt get cold.. . ok now lets move on to the real reason I will NEVER stay here and will warn everyone I know not to. My Macbook Laptop was stolen from my room while I was out all day. I left my room at 7:00am when I returned at 11pm the laptop was gone. I searched everywhere before calling to file a complaint. They sent up a security officer who had me fill out a voluntary statement.. .  Once that was done I realized I had no way to charge my cell phone, because I was using the outlet on my laptop. I went to the front desk and asked for a manager. I explained to him that my laptop had been stolen from my room and I had just filled out a report, but that I have no way to charge my cell phone and was hoping the hotel could let me borrow one for the remainder of my stay. The manager was so rude!! He told me that I could go to security and see if they have a charger in lost and found, why would they give me someone elses property! I told him I am not familiar with the hotel can he show me where to go. He pointed into the casino floor, never even looked up. I told him I couldnt believe after being stolen from in their hotel that he was not more willing to assist me in which he replied " look lady if I had a charger in this drawer id give it to you, but i dont. Itd not my fault you cant charge your phone." WOW you would think he could have at least walked me over to security to try to help me. . . I eventually found the security station. They told me they have a charger but I would have to plug it in and wait for it to charge! 6 hour wait and its 2 in the morning. I told her I have to get up at 5am and cannot wait, so she suggested I leave my phone there. WHAT! after my property was just stolen! I ended up having to buy a $45 charger from the gift shop. . . On top of that when I went back to my room to get into bed the sheets had chocolate stains all over. I called the front desk who told me they could have a sheet change done in 90 mins. I told her I could not wait that long as I needed to get some rest and had a big day the next day is there any one who could come sooner. She replied that they have limited house keeping and I shouldnt expect so much, there isnt anything I can do. WOW! . . The next day my husband came to join me, when he arrived he came to the valet. The valet told him the lot was full and he couldnt not park. I was on the phone with him walking to greet him- my husband said I am a guest here is there another place I can park myself. The valet said no this is your only option, but if you give me $100 I'll work it out for you. I told my husband do not give him any money I will be right there with a manager. While I was waiting for the manager the valet was telling my husband you better move your car or I'll make you move it. My husband replied to him trust me you dont want me to get out of this car..when the manager came to help me he told me that there is self parking around the back....WHY did the valet tell us that....loh yeah because he is trying to STEAL $100 from us!!! The manager did nothing and told us he has to side with his staff. . . At the end of the day nothing was done about any of this. The manager we spoke to at check out was rude and unhelpful I asked them to refund the room and was actually asked why would we do that? was there anything you didnt get that was promised? WOW how about common customer service and all of my belongings with me during check out. . . Also regarding my laptop I have called risk management over 10 times and no one has called me back. I finally got a hold of someone yesterday who told me the only person who used a key besides myself was the maid. They said she told them she didnt take it so the investigation is closed. . . There are so many great places to stay in Vegas the Luxor is not one of them. I made sure the 16,000 people at my convention about what happened to me and I warn anyone reading this to spare themselves the same experience I had.
I haven't stayed at this hotel in over a decade, since going on a family trip when the hotel was rather new, and in my adult life now, after my last short experience there, I never would on my own. . . I went to the hotel to meet a client for dinner.  I walked and saw what looked like it was the front desk.  It wasn't.  I asked the guy if he knew where the restaurant in question was, he said "oh would you like passes to it? we can get you in just come over here and talk to her" and that's when I realized it was one of those timeshare things, so I said I only wanted to know where the restaurant was in the hotel because I was late for the meeting anyways.  The lady behind the desk goes "let me see your credit card and ID"  ...WHAT?! I know those folks are pushy, but what gives them the right to demand me to hand over my ID and cc before they even explain to me what it is they're doing and why they need it?  It's bad enough that they lied and said I would need passes to get into the restaurant, but to ask for that is irresponsible and it's pathetic that a reputable hotel would give such shady business people space inside their hotel lobby.. . At that point I just walked away and decided to find the restaurant on my own.
The words "CHEAP" and "TACKY" is the only way to START describing this lousy place.  . . Recently I stayed at this dump of a place and had THE worst Vegas experience ever.. . The carpet was wet from some sort of plumbing issues and the room naturally smelled like a dead rat.  When we notified the front desk and management, all we got from them was WORTHLESS sorries.  No offer was made to switch us to a room that would have been at least bearable, and no offer to comp the room due to the unbearable stench.  . . To make matters worse, at checkout their incompitant employees lost one of my bags.  When I got back to LA and realized that one of my bags were missing, I immediatly notified their management.  But even at this point, they were trying to put the blame on me.  Keep in mind that, my lost item claim was for two pairs of shoes adding up to roughly $100.  Rather than accept responsibility for their faults the stupid manager was trying to tell me that "it was unclear at what point the shoes were lost".  So I had to tell this dumb ass that it was EXTREMELY CLEAR where the shoes were lost.  The bell hop took all of our luggage from the room and nothing was left unpacked.  Then the bell hop delivered the luggages to the car.  Therefore are some point within that time frame is when the items were lost.  Consequently the problem happened while the shoes were in their exclusive control.  After a few hours of dealing with this annoying matter, these idiots finally stepped up and accepted responsibility.. . The point is that their level of service and customer care is just as lousy as their dump of a hotel.  My advice to you folks is, avoid this place at all costs because you would be better off that way.
I have officially renamed this hotel to the SHITSOR, because that is exactly what it is! We had stayed here a couple years ago and found it to be nice for the price. So when it came time to book our trip we chose it with the hopes that it would be as good as last time. We were wrong on so many levels!.  It started when we got to the hotel and had to wait 20 minutes to even pull into valet. The bell hop was rude and did not know the first thing about customer service. When we got inside we were greeted by the oh so welcoming smell of milldue and wet carpets with a touch of fast food. We got to the counter and we were barked at by the lady to hand over our credit card and Id. When she pulled up our reservations she said we owed an extra 50$ then what I had on my confirmation print out. We immediately challenged her and she snapped at us that she would get a manager. Well the bell hop could have been the manager at this rate because the guy who came over the so called "manager" knew nothing. They couldn't figure out how we could have possibly got the rate we did. After the lady made a couple more snappy comments she corrected the price and we were sent to our room. It took at least 20 minutes to wait at the elevators to get up there. Once in the elevators we quickly learned that we be praying for our lives quite a bit this weekend. The elevators shook as if we were on the ride tower of terror. They had dints and dings, it looked as if someone has shot a gun and watched the bullet bounce around. The tile was cracked and the mirrors looked as if they could still have Elvis's finger prints on them. Once exiting the elevator We were shocked to find scraped up walls, dirty carpet and a full blown smell of the greasy McDonald's that was directly below our room. Our room was extremely outdated, the floors were dirty and the shower barely had water pressure. . House keeping was a night mare. Your sheets don't get changed and your room doesn't get cleaned. We put a chair up on the table to take an automatic picture and it stayed there the entire trip. Just for entertainment we left a carton of empty cigarets open to see if the maid would clear the trash and of course she didn't. The worst was my friend who had a little to much fun the first night got sick on the already crusty ground and of course she cleaned it up with a towel but it needed to get vacuumed and actually gone over by a maid. They never even cleaned any of it up and it was clearly visible it was bright red!!! The second night we laid a towel down over the area to cover it. The next day the maids preceded to just walk on the towel as if nothing was wrong! Gross! . The two most appalling parts or this hotel were one the room service carts with old food on them that lined the hallways we kept track they stayed there for over two days collecting more trash, old food, and mold. The second worst thing was the moldy flowers in the lobby. They have two large vases filled with orchids that are dead and the water is covered in a couple centimeters deep of mold. . The food at the restaurants was terrible not to mention the coffee tasted as if they had grabbed it off the rotting room service carts and microwaved it before serving it to us. . I have stayed at some shitty hotels one being the Sahara I mean it does not get worse than that but I would pick that over Luxor at this rate.. The funniest part of this whole situation was when we were walking through Excalibur and a customer service rep stopped us and asked if we wanted a free weekend at the Luxor not strings attached. My friend and I both looked at each other and busted out laughing saying NO!! He asked why we wouldn't want a free weekend in Vegas we responded with have you been in that place? He looked confused. He obviously has not!! . . If you are considering staying here RUN!! DON'T do it!! You will regret it! This hotel is marked as the suicide capital of the US on one website and I cannot imagine why!
The Luxor has had its time, but the hotel has not been maintained I would not recommend it to anyone.  First of all the rates are misleading because at check in you will be charged a resort fee of $20.00 per night, so expect to tack an extra $20 to any rate you are quoted per night.  Secondly be prepared for a rundown dirty room (torn carpet, chipped paint, damaged furniture, poor air conditioning units) and expect long waits at check and on the elevator everytime you go in/out of your room.  Overall this hotel is definelty near the bottom of all the choices you have on the Las Vegas strip.
Vegas is a turd, plain and simple, and the Luxor exemplifies all that Vegas has become since its decline from the golden era. So, the Luxor. The building is rundown, and ill-maintained. Rude, rude, rude staff are everywhere. The notion of service in Las Vegas is a thing of the past, and again, this is typified by just how crappy the Luxor is. The room, while tired in appearance, was acceptable, but very mediocre for a strip "super hotel". The bartenders at their in-house bars were the rudest asses, and needed to have their noses bloodied for the snide, snobby comments and smarmy, rude, conceited attitudes. No tips for them. Wankers. Just an all-around bad experience. I couldn't wait to leave the Luxor, and the city, too. The novelty of the shape of their building is their only lure. One really can't help but stand on an indoor balcony a few floors up, and admire the engineering. But as for the hospitality...these people have no concept of guest care or hospitality. It'll be too soon, if I never again visit Las Vegas.
Warning!!! Nothing is guarenteed!! For my 40th Birthday my friends and I wanted to go to Vegas. We booked the flight and hotel package located at several places on their website. We could only book two of us, since there was no option to make plane reservations from more than one location. We chose Luxor because it gave us two queen beds as an option....unitl you've already paid. THEN you get the notice that it's not guarenteed. So, instead of looking foreward to a plesant stay, I have to worry that my friends will be out in the street. SAVE YOURSELF THE WORRY AND HEARTACHE AND BOOK SOMEWHERE WHERE WHAT YOU WANT IS GUARENTEED!!!!!!!!! PLEASE SAVE YOURESEVES! IT'S TOO LATE FOR ME!
Sure glad this hotel is set for renovation this year. Too dark, too dirty and I don't like waking up to ants. The bed sheet was stained. At $56 a night, we got what we paid for!!! Never again unless we get a suite!. . Currently I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone! I wouldn't want my dog to stay here with the current conditions.. . I will be happy to try it again after renovations are complete.
I have travelled to Vegas numerous times and pretty much call Monte Carlo my "home" there but I found a good deal at Luxor so tried it this summer.  It won't happen again.  At check-in, while my room was ready because I had worked through a host, they did NOT have a room for my mother and 2 kids on trip with me.  Her vacation was booked WITH MINE and paid for months before.  They had her reservation....just no ROOM.  After 30+ minutes of searching for a room for her, they found one that would be ready in 30 more minutes.  . . It was 11:30 PM at this point, mind you , and we had been travelling since that AM with 2 kids in tow...but we waited it out in the casino while my boyfriend took the kids up to our room.  The front desk had given him the wrong room ### so as he was trying to access "our room" with the kids, the actual occupant of the room approached him asking why he was trying to get in to his room..... . He called the front desk and finally got into our room with the kids.  After the time passed for mom and the kids room to be ready, we headed over there...ALL the way on the complete other side of the hotel.  We opened up the door - and surprise!!!  Someone was OCCUPYING the room.  Not only was I know much MORE aggravated as it was about 1:30 AM now and we had traipsed from one end of the hotel and back again only to get the wrong room ### and then a room that was NOT EMPTY!  Now I was also uncomfortable with their safety standards at the Luxor.  What if we had not been honest people - the occupants were not in the room - only their stuff was there...we could have cleaned them out!!!!  . . Finally at 2 AM, they did finally find a room equivalent to the one I had booked for my mom and kids and we were lucky enough to be on the same floor.  That really set the tone for the entire trip though and while the Luxor did credit back a couple of hundred bucks for the mess up, I would rather have had a smooth start to this vacation.  It wasn't worth the savings or the comp they credited back to us.. . The rooms were incredibly dated and difficult to cool as they still work on the older window type units rather than having a thermostat control anything.  The TVs were small and not flat screens.  The jacuzzi bathtub was broken.  They WERE very spacious and the staff did send up a "sorry" tray of biscotti and desserts, which was a nice gesture - but should have really gone to the room the kids were in, not to our room.    . . The casino was less than friendly, the service at Flight, the bar on the casino floor was incredibly unprofessional....it was just not a good experience overall.  I won't be returning to the Luxor and would not recommend either.
$100 a night was the deal which included a $25 food voucher.  Not a bad deal.. However, here's what we got.  As soon as we checked in, we got hit with a $20 fee per night for pool and "wi-fi".  I put wi-fi in quotations because it was actually ethernet without a desk.  Luxor wi-fi does not exist.. . Here's what we got in the room!  A toilet that wouldn't flush correctly, a bathroom light that stopped working on our final night of our stay, an iron without an ironing board, and a crappy AC unit.  No coffee, no fridge, but we did have a lovely, gigantic, tear in the wallpaper with bare studs to enjoy.. . We thought the $25 food voucher would be nice, but it was only for their most expensive restaurants, Tender and Rice.  Tender, which was business attire only, and Rice which was $10 per nigiri order.  ::roll eyes::. . The best part was that the TV shut off right at the 11:00 checkout time, tacky!. . It felt like an overpriced motel that smelled like pot.  Yuck!. . I feel as though Luxor is on it's way out.  There is nothing Egyptian about it inside, but they do have an Aztec pyramid! ::shrug::. . Though I will say from an architectural standpoint.  It's a giant BLACK pyramid in the DESERT.  The most surface area in the best color to absorb as much heat from the sun as possible. Bravo!
Disgusting RESORT FEE  their wifi was only the wired Ethernet  could not find it in the room could have been behind the tv armoire. We had our iPad with us thinking we wouldn't mind the fee thinking we could use the wifi during our stay, but no.   The fee with the tax on it was an insult. . . Nothing special about the hotel, we will. Be staying elsewhere
Horrible stay!! Never again one of the rooms gave my sister a nasty rash. Got charge with room damage for something that was broken already! And for that we got kicked out and when we tried to talk to a manager about it  we were escorted by officers to leave we couldn't even leave a complain. I don't recommend it!
Never again.. Bad customer service. If I was able to give a zero I would.
We upgraded to a suite with spa in room. When we arrived the jets were non functional. I called house keeping and they communicated to me that the entire hotel had issues with the jets and the engineers were working on it. They referred me back to the front desk to speak with a rep.. . I called front desk and talked to a rep named Alex to inform him that the reason we upgraded was for the spa. He said he could not do anything about it and the jets were non functional. I asked to speak to a manager and transferred me to a guy named Peter. Peter challenged me on every aspect of my call with a very rude tone telling me he could not do anything for me and I had to call Vegas.com. After 45 minutes of him arguing with me he told me a different story about the jets not functioning than house keeping so to me this was not very clear and felt cheated and lied to.. . To top it off the room was not clean. There were sunflower seeds scattered all over carpet. The curtains by the spa tub were splashed with wine, ketchup, or blood. I didn't know what it was but was disgusting to look at. The tub was full of hair and some sandy substance and we felt highly disappointed to think this was considered a 4 star hotel. . . The reason we were there is to check out the chapel to have our wedding there and invite all of our friends and family to stay at the Luxor but we decided that with our bad experience with Peter and cleanliness of the room that we would not be coming back ever to this hotel or any affiliated hotel. I mentioned this to Peter that he just lost a huge amount of business for the hotel and he didn't care less of anything I was saying and continued to be as rude as he could be.. . This hotel was really nice like 15 years ago when I originally stayed here but no longer a 4 star hotel and would not recommend it to anyone.
Bed bugs!  I had stayed here in the past and had a problem with beg bugs years back when I stayed in their pyramid room.  I thought that was just an isolated case.  Front desk was helpful and moved us to a tower room, which was at that time, newly built.  Low and behold, it happened again. .  I stayed here for work a few weeks ago and my co worker sharing the room with me was covered in bite marks.  She woke up the first night there and was shocked to see little marks over her thighs and leg.  We didn't think much of it, until we came back from our long day at the trade show and decided to just kick off our shoes to relax on our beds to watch some TV.  No more than a few minutes, she felt the bites from the bed bugs on her bed.  We called house keeping and they had security come up to have her fill out a report.  They moved us to another room and told us this room will not be off the market and conduct some eco lab testing. . Needless to say, I will not be staying here anymore.
I was there Tuesday. I got my room thru Vegas dot com. I paid $41 and change. It was paid in full. Well it was paid in full after they hit me with a $20 resort fee. When I checked in I was given room 5155 on the 5th floor only to have a broken leaky A/C unit. After 3 phone calls and waiting 3 hours a guy came to fix it but I had been told my room would be changed. Funny how my new room would take longer to get the keys for then the A/C guy would come to work on the A/C. Poor guy had to sit in a pool of water to fix the A/C. When I finally got the keys to the new room 20145 I found that the tv remote was missing. You can't change the channels on the tv without the remote. An hour after calling the remote arrived. In that hour I noticed the wall paper falling off the wall and major water damage to the bathroom door. The room wasn't very clean. I don't know how MGM runs their hotels but when Circus Circus owned the Luxor it was never this bad. After all was said and done and all the complaints all I got was a crappy breakfast buffet. I asked if I could get a perk for liking them on Facebook and was told no I asked what about yelp? Nothing. I was having a great trip till I got to Luxor. I paid 3 star prices for a 1/2 star stay. I don't think I will ever go back to Luxor. Well off to Facebook to warn people there.
First trip to the Luxor, yuck. Stains on the carpet, the two chairs, and the bed covers. Very thin walls in the towers. I must say it was one of the only casinos that didnt stink bad of smoke though, good air.
My friend stayed there for a trade show the week of Sept 10th, 2012.  She was infested with bedbugs and came home with welts on her arms.  The hotel didn't do ANYTHING until she posted it on their facebook site and they lied about fumigating her luggage.  . GROSS do not stay there
Where to start.......I had stayed at the Luxor once previously, back in the late 90's.  The place was newer then, and after some struggles with room cleanliness and maintenance items in my originally assigned room, I was move to a Junior Suite.  It had a jacuzzi tub in it, overlooking the strip.  Pretty nice room.. Fast forward to 2012.  With the desire to take my wife to this hotel and experience one of these Junior Suites/Jacuzzi Rooms, I booked two nights at the Luxor.  Upon arrival, the lobby was nice and clean, updated and the staff efficient and friendly.  It was at check in that I was informed that the jets in the jacuzzi tub had been disabled, and that it was just a big tub.  OK, well I'll roll with the punches.  We head to our room through worn hallways, and loud, bumpy, slow elevators (or whatever the stupid name that Luxor has given them....inclin-o-meters, or something like that).  It's an elevator that doesn't exactly travel vertically.  It does take you to your room floor, and it is old, worn, loud and slow. Once on the 17th floor, we saw what looked like hole that a fist had been put through the wall, and more old worn wallpaper, carpets, etc.  Into room 17121 we go, to find more of the same.  What could be a very nice room, with old carpet, multiple wall paper patches.  As for the tub, apparently you can fart and swirl the water around with your hands, but otherwise, they'll be no bubbles or moving water.  The front desk explained that people only assume that the tub is a jacuzzi, but the Luxor website never mentions jacuzzi.  OK, whatever.  Bottom line is that there are soooooo many other nice places to stay in Las Vegas that a stay here just isn't worth it.  Pass on the Luxor, try something else not in the MGM family.
I've stayed at this hotel a few times and I've had some sort of problem every time. It's been a while since I stayed here and I likely won't stay here again. One time the Bell Desk lost the tag to my luggage so I had to go downstairs to retrieve it. Another time one if their employees stole a lot of money from me out of my room. It was partly my fault for leaving my wallet in there. . . There are also ladies who hang out near the elevators seeking men out for 'entertainment'. This not only makes me feel uncomfortable, but it makes me feel unsafe.  Also, the beds are uncomfortable.. . It's hard to believe that this hotel opened up right around the same time MGM and Mirage opened up, because this hotel looks and feels so much older. . . If you stay at tis hotel though I recommend upgrading to one of the Tower Rooms. Although the rooms in the tower are only slightly larger, they feel even bigger because one of the walls isn't slanted.
Well, I waited over 30 days for management to respond to me.  We stayed 1 night over Labor Day Weekend on Sunday night after a 3 day stay at our time share.  I emailed Customer Relations and also completed my survey after my stay indicating "Yes" I would like to be contacted by management abou the problems during my stay. . . Neither resulted in a call or email or letter from a manager so here goes:. . 1. No Customer Service skills-The staff all seemed like begrudged workers who hated their jobs and all customers.  EXCEPT for the switchboard operator that answered my late night call to report:  This was from check in to bar staff, to restaurant to maintenance.. . 2.  We went to go to bed and there was seriously rumpled sheets with BIG HOLES in them and brownish/blackish thick substance on them!!  Obviously feces, disgusting!@@!  I called to report this problem and they sent someone in about 10 minutes who brought sheets and "offered" to call someone else to come put them on???  Why would they send someone to bring them if they wouldn't come in and pu tthem on so whatever we did it ourselves.  We didn't change the other bed and were disgusted so much we got up and checked out before 6 am!. . 3.  Elevator buttons don't work for certain floors, when reported to staff member he just chuckled after we had gone up and down several times and had to get off on other floors and get in another elevator to get to our floor..horrible service.. . 4.  Sigh, the reason I love Vegas, the pool....the smell when crossing over from the parking lot to the hotel that crosses over to the pool stinks like sewer.  I understand this is a big city and behind the resorts can often smell.  Unfortunately this smell permeates throughout the pool area.  There is also yucky mucky water in the pool that is milky and not clear.  There is trash around the pool and when I asked the staff they just claimed there wasn't enough help to keep it clean...gross.  We went over to Excalibur pool and it's crystal clear, clean, no trash and no smell.. . Like I said, I got no response, no nothing except for a cheesy promo code offer to come back and stay with them again...really????  poop on the sheets that were rumpled and ripped..I don't think so, I asked for my money back or a comped stay in an upgraded rooms so they could prove to me they are worth their 4 star rating and NOTHIN.. . So, this is not a good Vegas experience.  I consider myself a pretty seasoned Vegas traveler and believe me, there are far better places to stay for the same amount of money.
This is for the front desk and customer service/accounting review:. . I had to call 3 times when i had a question about the credit card charge that was made for room reservations.. Before making the call I emailed the customer service and never received any reply (other than the auto-confrimation of the email) . 1st call, not very good. the rep didn't help me at all without the guest names i had more than 10 guests. so basically they toldme to find out which guests that i was calling about. ( If I knew which one, I would tell you or I didn't have to call! ). 2nd call, ok. had to explain everything again and got somewhat i asked for but I did most of the work and did not solve the issue. the cusromer service is terrible. i was on hold for several times and the lady wasn't very polite. . 3rd call, finally someone from the billing department helped and solved my issue but i was on the hold for 20min before i was able to talk to the rep. I explain what i wanted in 3 min. and the lady was able to help me in 2 min. . . i've been calling this hotel for more than 10 times because of our employee stays there but everytime they were not really helpful.. When I make a reservation i had to repeat everything at least 3 times; the names, spelling, the credit card numbers.. everything!  (I never had that issue for the last 10 years i've been calling the different hotels and making a reservations. ). . Although they might offer a great price, I would personally never stay here. You have to do all the work and extra.
I am so disappointed in my treatment from the Luxor after reporting that I had items stolen from me.  Here is a copy of the email I wrote to them at the beginning of September.  I had to follow up myself, more than once, to see the outcome of my claim.  Basically today I was told that after the "internal investigation" the woman Lisa in lost and found said she didn't steal my things.  Again, it could have been anybody working in Lost and Found during those 4 days before it was sent back in the mail.  My response to the man working on my case was " no one is going to admit to stealing!"  Basically I got a "sorry lady."  He never said he interviewed anyone else either.  I felt like my claim was just swept under the rug.  The way the investigator treated me it was as if I was the one pulling a fast one!  For a company this size compensation would have been nothing to them.  Having to replace all the items I just bought cost me an extra $450.   I am staying at this hotel in December for a bachelorette party, but after that I will never be back again!   Shame on you for being so blase about this matter!  You have thieves working for you! .  . Here is the email:. I am writing to you to bring to your attention theft of my belongings while they were in your care. I stayed at your hotel August 15th for one night, reservation was under Jayson Khademi and D'Lisa Ledgewood. When leaving in the morning I left my backpack on the bench at valet and once I realized this I called right away. Lisa at lost and found informed me she has my bag but since it didn't have any identification in it we went over what was inside. Right on top I had a gallon bag filled with skin care products, most of them were brand new because I purchased them right before my 2 week road trip. Lisa even joked that I had quite a bit of skin care items and I told her that I was a salon owner in Scottsdale and an Aesthetician so my skin has to look amazing. She told me how to go online to claim the bag and have it sent back to me. We were on our way to Sedona and the cabin we were going to be staying out didn't have internet. I told this to Lisa and informed her that I would fill out the necessary forms when I got home on Sunday. When I received my bag back 90% of my skin care items were not there. I am not in anyway accusing Lisa, I am sure there were many people working at that station from Thursday until the next Monday that could have had access to it. But because of the conversation I had with Lisa I know all my products were there when the bag was turned in.. . List of the missing items and their cost, all were Bioelements which are found exclusively in salons:. Moisture Positive Cleanser $34. Advanced Vitamineral C Complex $50. CreataFirm $62. LightPlex $60. Sunscreen $42. Sleepwear $62. LiLash $140. . Total cost of products stolen $450. . I had to go an repurchase all of these items at a cost of $450. The way I see it my one day trip to your hotel cost me an extra $900! I have been staying at the Luxor for 19 years. I have always been satisfied with the service until now. It was bad enough thinking I lost my bag so imagine how happy I was to know that it was turned in with all my things still in it. Imagine how incredibly angry and disappointed I was when it was returned to me with so many items missing. I will not b returning to your hotel and I will be writing this on my review on Yelp. If we as guest can't trust your staff, who can we trust when at your hotel?
This is by far the worst hotel ever.. . The rooms were dirty. Bathroom and even hallway floors weren't wiped down. Carpet looks like it hasn't been vacuumed since...forever. Bedsheets and pillows had stains, and were also wrinkled.. Whats up with the lighting in the room? Can barely see anything.. Walking to your room is by the far the longest walk i have ever done in a hotel. I felt like i already got my workout.. . The structure and organization is just terrible. Confusing elevators, walking to the main entrance takes more than five minutes.. . Pool area was very dead. Pools weren't even accessible, and bar area outside was closed. . . Food was mediocre at the hotel. For breakfast,go to pyramid cafe, skip the rest and go somewhere else on the strip.. . Their are only few good things about the hotel.. . -friendly staff. -fast valet, staff was knowledgeable.. -bell service fast. -interesting architecture and decor inside the hotel.. . Save yourself time and money, go somewhere else where its actually worth spending the extra bucks.
This "resort" is on its last legs. The rooms are spacious but old and with a slightly moldy oder. The room service was late and the omelette was greasy. Worst of all: no hot water for hours in the morning. The front desk apologized but wouldn't refund anything because I booked through Expedia. That's 4 star customer service for you. I know it's cheap for the strip, but I strongly suggest you stay away from the Luxor if you can. You/ll leave in a worse mood than when you checked in.
My BFF and I stayed a couple of nites at this horrible hotel.  The front desk clerks didn't have a smile on their faces, and the Avis person had such a sour look on her face that it was awful.
I am so sorry I bothered going there.  The service was awful, the room was dismal and boring, and no one smiled in the hotel.  I went into the sports store and asked where the SF Giants World Series gear was and was met with no smiles and short answers of "nothing here".  No customer service whatsoever.....its like the employees hate to work there..... the returns on the slots were non existant......I will NEVER go there again.
Stayed in the pyramid. Below mediocre. Feels like it was remodeled several decades ago, trashy feel, hasn't been updated in forever. Too many smoking rooms not enough non-smoking rooms. Poor lighting, difficult internet (no wi-fi), just an ethernet cable from wall. Bathrooms seem outdated, dusty, broken.. Very far walk from elevator to many of the rooms. Noisy.. so you always have to have fan on in room, and even then it's too noisy. Customer service hit or miss - most front desk staff seem very grouchy, but found an occasional cheerful person with customer service in mind. . . When I checked in I was told the non-smoking room I had confirmed through my reservation was unavailable - they had NO non-smoking rooms left and I would just have to deal with it, check back with them tomorrow. They said they could send someone up to 'freshen' up the room with some deodorizer. Eeeeks! I am allergic to smoke and any fake spray scented stuff so I quickly declined. They sent someone anyone and I sent him away. Called front desk and finally got another room that was tolerable. Bizarre. But glad I did not have to find another hotel as it was late at night when I checked in.. . I was here during winter and my room was freezing. Jacked up the heat but the room took hours to heat up. Sheet and one threadbare blanket did not help - so I bundled up in as many clothes as I could and lay under the covers. Did not want to ask for more blankets as I cringed at having to deal with front-desk staff and service staff.
I stayed at the Luxor in nov of 2012 and would/will tell everyone I know, don't stay here. The hotel is at the wrong end of the strip and rooms are nothing to write home about but the worst part of my stay was the customer service. I tried gambling in the casino and was asked to show ID 4 times in less than 15min. I am 29 and understand I look young but 4 times is ridiculous and the last 3 times I wasn't gambling or drinking, just standing in the casino. When I tried to express my frustration, the manager blew me off. Horrible customer service and too many better options on the strip than to stay here ever again. Travelers beware!!!
Stayed at this Hotel Casino few times, either for pleasure or business.  At some night, the fire alarm went off in the middle of the night for at least 15 minutes to half hour.  Later on, they announced it was a false alarm and they will investigate.  This happened at least 3 times to me, just wonder why fire department never visited them, I have posted same review in lasvegas.com where I booked my room and tickets ..ect.  They never post my review.. I will spend some extra bucks to stay somewhere else,  or even at motel 6 if there's no room available at other Casino Hotels.. You' need a night to rest after a long day at conference or at work.  You won't find it at this hotel.
*my last review was removed as it was short and sweet and just said, here's my advice, "don't". *so I will add somecolor from my visit, the decor looks like a run down YMCA from the 70's, the elevators felt like they may or may not work all herky jerky not to mention there's like one for a ridiculously gigantic floor. *at the front desk they said we got a "suite" on the 17th floor which sounded great until we got to it, it was seriously a bad best western, no mini bar, dark, dirty with a sweet Chia pet growing outta the drain in the shower, also had the ultra mini threadbare towels and those crappy little best western soaps, real deluxe
Hotels have a unique onus to make a strong and lasting first impression, as the individuals who stay at them are generally there for more than a single day, and a negative experience can easily leave a bad taste in a customer's mouth.  It saddens me to leave a less-than-positive review for the Luxor; it was previously my go-to in Vegas, but it's slowly become less and less hospitable -- even in the short course of less than a year.. . I'll start with some positive feedback.  For instance, the hotel looks a lot better than it did some years ago.  The interior has been upgraded, it's much lighter and brighter, the buffet is wonderful and a good deal can be had if you're staying at the hotel, and it boasts some great stuff in-hotel if you don't feel like hitting the Strip.  However, most of the things to do in said hotel were closed this time around, with no forewarning to paying customers that they'd be out of luck during this time of reconstruction.. . Hey, I get it.  Vegas is a 24/7 kinda place, but while taking down multiple "attractions" in a single period of time may save you the effort of extended labor, it also leaves your customers pretty displeased that half the coupons in the book provided don't work because the places they're pertinent to are closed.  "Come to our night club!" becomes "Come look at our night club from the outside and wonder what it might be like to attend some day!". . Then there was the room.  Ah, the room.  The bathroom floor was dirty and was never properly cleaned during our four-day, three-night stay.  When we used one of the bars of soap provided for showering, they took it when they cleaned the room and didn't replace it -- or the shampoo that we had used!  I concur with one of the other reviews on here that the room is quite stuffy, which is compounded by the fact that there are no windows to open, which is important because we woke up two of our mornings there to a stench not unlike that of an open sewer.  I don't even know where it came from, though the smell around their pools and overhead walkway was similar.  Pretty disgusting.  Do they honestly expect that nobody will notice that?. . A very special kind of aggravation was having to deal with the suits that circle like hungry sharks in the entryway of the casino, which we had to pass through to get from our rooms to the self-park area.  Every single day, multiple times a day, we were accosted by, "Hey!  Wanna buy some tickets to a show?"  Are you kidding me, Luxor?  Stop harassing me, already.  I was a paying customer.  Peddle to some other poor shmucks coming into your casino off the strip.. . So here's the tl;dr version:  It's dirty and it sometimes smells.  The things to do in-casino are shut down without warning and without information readily available about when they'll be back in business.  Anywhere you walk in the casino is as likely a spot as any other to be harassed by Luxor's suit-wearing panhandlers. . . Spare yourself and book some other hotel more centrally located on the Strip.
OMG.  Wasn't expecting what I saw & not in a good way.  I am so glad we decided to book our rooms at the Flamingo (see my review on them).  This place was horrible & I am just talking about the casino.  Never saw the rooms, but, judging by the casino I'm sure it's no better.  The place looks like a 1970s scifi TV show ala "Battlestar Galactica".  It was so so dissappointing & smelled like a bowling alley (again, not a good thing).  Doesn't help that it's at the far end of The Strip & quite removed from all the action.  They must know this but it appears they're doing nothing to compensate for it.  It's as if they gave up.  So sad.  Enough said.
Would give 0 stars if I could.   Bed bugs in this hotel . Yes BED BUGS. ROOM 16350 has bed bugs. Will not recommend staying here. Its like gambling if you will get bitten or not!!!
Old and worn out, check in then checked out.
If I could give zero stars I would! My worst stay in Vegas so far! We stayed in a pyramid suite. The room was very old and smelly with wall papers thorn down, not dusted, the spa jacks broken, pillows extremely uncomfortable. The worst thing was the elevators. You feel that it is going to fall down anytime! Extremely shaky! I'm an M-life players club member had stayed in MGM, Excalibur and Bellagio before. Even the Excalibur which I believe is an older hotel but renovated is much nicer . They keep the exterior and the lobby of the hotel clean and nice but the pyramid rooms are terrible. I haven't tried the tower rooms but from the pictures, I guess that it is not any different!  Just don't waste your money.
Terrible, besides the price!  I guess there's a reason this is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip.  $40 for a room with a $20 resort fee.  Where do I begin?  We stayed in the pyramid because we had heard the rooms were pretty cool.  Because of the weird shape, you have to walk all the way around the pyramid to get to your room, unless you happen to be by the elevator.  It does have a cool look when you look out/down from up high, but it's also a bit creepy.  I started getting vertigo!  Anyone could throw something down or jump off, which I have heard has happened in the past.  Yikes!. . The elevators were in terrible shape...missing buttons, scratched everywhere, generally dirty.  Once we got off the elevator, the hallways were scratched the entire way down the wall.  There looked to be damage on the ceilings...water or structural problems?  I felt like I was walking down the hall of a sketchy, cheap motel.  Once we got in the room, there was grossness (I don't want to know) on the phone, the chairs were scratched and splintered, a pillow was ripped, the bathroom door had water damage, etc.  I could go on and on.  Oh, and our curtain was broken, so I had to use 3 bobby pins to get it to stay shut and try to block out some light.. . We did not end up gambling at the Luxor.  It feels so dark and the dealers we saw were rude.  Their uniforms were also not professional looking.  Luckily, Mandalay Bay and Excalibur are attached, so we spent our time/money there.. . The place needs some work!  It's a cool concept done terribly wrong.  We walked through the tower, and it looked like a completely different place.  They need to take some time and money to fix-up and update the pyramid because it is crap!  I would never stay here again.  I'd rather go next door to the Excalibur.
Amenities are way below par.  Pictures in room are coming out of frame.  Light bulb burnt out, no wet bar in room, alarm clock was buzzing 30 secs after entering room (likely bugged via inline adapters) so I yanked it out of the wall along with everything else plugged in.  Thermostat has either heat or cold and isn't automatic-REALLY? The damn Marriott at least has those and a wet bar and is 1/4 the cost.  These people are on crack and am checking out.  Over it.  SERVICE FLAT OUT SUCKS.  I have literally stayed in Hilton's and Marriotts in Virginia (That's the East Coast and non touristy) that were 100 times better and far less expensive.  Dark, dank and completely LOW CLASS.  How the hell would Criss Angel pick this place to perform?!  The owner should shoot himself in the face for the lack of upgrades and cheap ass beds that have the springs in your back.  What happened to attracting clientele?  Apparently all the money was spent on the brightest light shining in North America from the top of the pyramid.  Place is ridiculously low budget.
This is the WORST hotel on the strip. And I've stayed at Circus Circus and The Saharah, so I've stayed at some low quality places before.. . I'm going to mention something now and come back to it later: COCKROACH.  . . I stayed in the second floor in the pyramid, right off of the elevator.  To get to the elevator you had to go through a total maze including passing by their back office areas. Weird, but whatever.. . The quality of the actual room was maybe worth a 3 star review.  Larger than I was expecting, but definitely nothing fancy.  It would be comparable to a Holiday Inn or something.  . . I'm convinced the maids do nothing when they "clean" the room besides make your bed without replacing the sheets and give you new towels.  Nothing else was touched.  Oh, except for the TV which the station was always changed on.  My thought is they go in the room, make those basic changes, and then sit and watch TV for 10 minutes.. . All of that is forgivable.  What wasn't forgivable was what happened on the morning I was checking out.. . I woke up to find a cockroach crawling all over my stuff on the bathroom counter  (makeup, brushes, etc.).  After trying not to cry I got my phone and snapped a photo to show the manager, then tried to kill it but it got away. Grosssssss!!!!. . I got ready, packed up my stuff (shaking out everything I owned for fear that my new roommate brought friends), and headed down to talk to the manager.  I told the manager what happened, and he didn't seem too phased. Like this happens all the time.  He said he'd take off the resort fee of $20 per day.  Hold on now, I was not informed that I would be charged $20 a day, I was told it would be a hold put on my card, but there was no way I was paying for amenities that I wasn't even informed exist! Not to mention I was in town for a convention and not paying for my hotel, the company does that! When I told him that he said he'd also take off the charge for the room service too, a whopping $29.  He didn't seem to think anything else was necessary. And in case Luxor management actually reads these (doubtful) I think his name was Mark or something.  Check your records for who the manager was that took off the charge for room number 2127 on January 11, 2013.. . So after all that I now have to throw out all of my makeup brushes, because God only knows what that cockroach was doing on the counter and what diseases he carried with him.  All my brushes are MAC and cost around $20 each. I have 5, so that's $100 I'm out.  In addition I'm currently living in fear that I'm about to bring some other vermin home with me. As Yelp as my witness, if I get bed bugs after this, Luxor will be hearing from my lawyer.. . What really bothers me is I know that if I appeared to be older than I am (I'm 23) I'm sure that he would've been more accommodating to me.  I've been discriminated against for my age before, but just because I'm young doesn't mean I don't know what I deserve.  . . You'll be hearing about this from me soon, Luxor.
I stayed at the Luxor when it first opened and it was wonderful. i stayed there this week and it does not appear they have updated or kept up the maintenance on the rooms in years.. First off the room was $170 a night for a room in the main pyramid room section. This was a weekday price that had been jacked up because a convention was in town. The room was maybe worth $70 a night.. In addition to the $170 they charged the $20 a night resort fee. Not sure what this was supposed to cover as the pool was closed and the wi if wasn't working. Oh, they don't have wi if. What year is this?. The furniture was all banged up, there where scratches along the walls and the blanket was thinner than the ones you are given on an airplane.. The beds are probably the original from when the hotel first opened; not comfortable at all. Ugh - those pillows. Also the most uncomfortable I have ever attempted to sleep on.. i don't think housekeeping do anymore than the basics. The clock not plugged in, the. sink plug was broken and stuck in the closed position.. The hairdryer only worked on the high setting and my hair got sucked into the fan in the back of it.. There was loud banging from 10 in the morning both days I was there. Hotels normally give their guests notice when there will be noise but the Luxor must not care at all about their guests.. I could hear showers and toilets flushing from 3am to 10am one night so I didn't get any sleep.. There was a thick, black hair with root on the face washer which was just gross.. The rooms in the main building have seen better days and the maintenance seems to be zero. Basic bathroom amenities; soap, shampoo/ conditioner combo moisturizer and body wash. No q tips, shower cap, sewing kits or anything else.. No bottles of water which could have at least made the resort fee less painful.. The place could be great with a total overall to bring the rooms into the 21st century. . I will not be staying there again unless they make major changes to the place.
I still hate this place.  Even though I vowed never to stay here again after my last debacle, I had no choice when I was booked to stay here this past week for CES.  When we got in Monday night, our check in was a nightmare.  The line was ridiculously long, which was expected... However, as we checked in we were told the tower rooms we booked were unavailable.  I don't understand how we made an effort to *reserve* a room, yet it wasn't available upon check-in.  We asked to speak to a manager, and when he came by he didn't greet us but just went into defense mode as to why our rooms were unavailable.  It was just completely bad customer service.  To compensate they put us in the "suite" rooms in the pyramid.  I say "suite" with quotations because it was a pretty lame suite.  Our rooms were filthy and in one of our rooms the heater wasn't working.  Triple whammy.  The next day we were moved to the tower rooms, but ugh I still have a bad taste in my mouth.... I'm going to try with all my might to never stay in this craphole ever again.
This place is disgusting. Took forever to get our room. Then we were charged an extra 20$ for some reason I just learned by reading reviews is complete bullshit. My friend said his dad told him to stay here if he wants bedbugs. I better not get bedbugs or will take legal action. I think they should renovate immediately and re staff. Disgusting buffet. Impossible to get to. Or They should turn into RUINS like it should be.
travelodge would have been the same but a lot less expensive experience. not worth the money i spent staying here i was there jan-11-jan 14. the rooms were smelly, a huge watermark on the ceiling from the room upstairs. check out time isn't till 11 why did a hotel employee check in the room at 9am. decor was awful i saw dusk & cob web everywhere. hotel halls felt like cardboard, elevators were all scratched up like a homeless person lived in it. my view was of a underconstruction pool, an huge bird poop on the window. what am i paying a daily hotel fee $18 per day for? mistake mistake.. the ony good thing about this place is the buffet deal they have with excalibur two buffets $35 all day. but that also has its down side youhave to make your way back to where you were to eat, or stay in that area an wait till your hungry. i could not for the life of me find a cocktail waitress.
Stayed at the hotel, for the first time, with friends, during the Jan 11-14th wknd. Although the rooms are a little run-down and could use some updates, they are not horrible.. However, I'm writing this review about a poor experience I had at the blackjack tables. During my last night in town, I played BJ in the Luxor, before I left for the airport. For some reason, almost every table I went to, it felt like I was losing 75-85% of my hands. So I had to keep moving tables and cut my losses.. I moved to an empty table, where a dealer named Pil was standing. He dealt me a couple of hands, and I won them. In my strategy, I start pressing my bet once I win a couple of hands, to try to get on a winning streak and actually start making money. After my second of third straight win, a new player came to the table and bought in some chips. I asked him if he could please sit out a hand, to see if my winning streak was good. He agreed to sit out, and I won that next hand. So then I asked if he'd mind sitting out of the deal until I lost a hand - again, he agreed. . All of a sudden, the dealer Pil got in my face and told me that I can't talk to the other player at the table, that I can't tell him not to play. Excuse me? I didn't order anyone, I asked the young man to please sit out - and he was ok with it. So all of a sudden the dealer is upset at me for a reason I'm not aware of, and I'm getting upset that he's accusing me of things I'm not doing. I had to leave the table entirely just to cool my head, and I didn't even get to ride out my winning streak. I spoke to two pit bosses working, and both of them told me I was in the right, that the dealer was in the wrong. They were nice to me; however the dealer never apologized to me, so I wrote everything up in a comment card, and gave it to the pit bosses. To say the least, that experience soured my perception of the Luxor casino, and I hope people read this comment and consider it before playing at the Luxor.
We arrived at the Luxor around 10 PM.  We waited in line at the check-in counter.  We were presented with a $40 fee for use of the pool, and exercise facilities, which is fine except that it was too cold to use the pool and we were too busy to use any other extra facilities.  We were granted our room keys in the West Tower.  As we traveled down the winding hallways towards the west tower, there was a stench that became increasingly prominent.  The smell of drunk sweat, vomit and excrement filled our nostrils as we entered the elevator.  Not soon enough we arrived at our room that was directly across from the ice maker and elevator.  The ice maker is not enclosed in a room with a quiet door on it, people would clearly be passing our room at all hours of the night and our sleep would be disrupted.  We made our way back to the casino floor at which time the main doors had been closed because no one wants the smell to escape in to other parts of the hotel.  The lady at the desk changed our room after we complained and we made our way towards the East Tower.  We could already see a huge difference, the corners of the wall paper and carpet we maintained unlike the west tower where they were pulling back from age.  The paint looked more fresh and there was no awful smell.  We got to our room and it was similarly slight nicer and fresher than the previous room.. The rooms are just OK, there is no mini-fridge to store a beverage or bottle of wine.  The on-demand menudidn't work on the TV, it merely beeped when the "menu" button was pressed.  The bathroom was probably the most exciting with a full size bathtub and walk in shower, however they were very stingy with the amount of soap they included.  You CANNOT call for valet to bring your car around, you must walk yourself downstairs with you luggage and request the car across the 10 lane driveway and wait in the cold (depending on the time of year, may be extreme heat).. We are less than impressed and will not be returning to this hotel.
If there was a -5 Star rating it would not be low enough!!  Just returned from our trip and stay at the Luxor yesterday.  It was THE worst!!!  We will NEVER stay here again!!  Why?  First red flag, our rooms were by the swimming pools that are under construction.  This was not a problem Saturday and Sunday.  Monday morning the back hoes started beeping at 7am!!!  When we complained, we were told it was an error and work would not begin until after 10am.  Tuesday morning 7am beep-beep-beep!!  We asked to be moved.  We were told we could be moved but would not know what rooms until after 2pm  Our luggage was taken to the bell desk to be held until we had new rooms.  We went out for the day and returned to the hotel at 5pm  We did not have new rooms assigned.  Why?  Now we are told we had to be present to assign new rooms.  We had two rooms (sister in law suffered this with us as well)  The clerk made a big deal out of making sure we would get a room with two queen beds and a room with a king size bed, as that is what we had originally paid for.  We also asked that our rooms be as close to our sister in law's as possible.  After 20 minutes of BS at the front desk, we got two new rooms 6 doors away from each other.  Sister in laws room--two queen beds.  Our room--two queen beds!  Called front desk and told them the error.  Rooms were also overlooking the bus parking area, another noisy location.  My husband politely asked that we be moved to a room with a king size bed.  Now we were offered to be upgraded into a one bedroom suite.  We accepted and reminded them that we needed to be close to the sister in law's suite as well.  We were relocated to the 10th floor, room overlooking the Excalibur, no problem there.  Sister in law's room on the other side of the building, same floor, but no where near our room.  We gave up at that point even though there was an empty room across the hallway from us.  . . How was the suite?  1.  Nice deep jetted tub--jets did not work.  2.  TV in bedroom did not work.  Had to have maintenance called.  They replaced the remote control.  Still did not work.  Maintenance had to return following morning and reprogram TV.. 3.  No bath robes, extra blankets, bottled water, snacks.   4.  No WI FI  5.  Toiletries Motel 6 quality . . Restaurants in the hotel---Forget it !!! DO NOT go to the Public House.  Service was terrible, waitress was picking her nose and acted like we had disturbed her in some way.  We asked for another server.  . . Boarding pass service--Had the tickets printed day before check out.  Clerk would not release both passes to my husband because I was not there.  Said they would hold them for us to pick them up.  Go to pick them up and different clerk has no clue about the tickets.  Needs to reprint them.  Computer jams, needs to reboot and then opens  drawer and guess what??There are our tickets printed and ready to go!!. . The deferred maintenance in the hotel, spa, and restaurants is very evident.  The service is no where near a 5.  If this hotel does not keep up with their competition, I will be surprised if they stay in business.. . Hotel NOT clean---There was a repulsive smell in a trash can area by the elevator on the floor where we had our first of 3 rooms!!!  I called housekeeping to report it.  The next day the smell was still there.  Don't know what happened after we moved to the 10th floor.  My guess, it was never completely cleaned up.  Sounds like Brian C. was there the same nights and he noted that as well.  Disgusting!!!!. . No WI FI made working in the rooms very difficult.  Charged a resort fee when their swimming pools were not in service.  No night life of any kind except for gaming.  Buffet is low end and boring.. . Let's hope that the CEO's and management of this hotel reads these comments here.  Wondering if the survey I was sent from the Luxor will be noted as well.  Based on the lack of interest while at the hotel, I doubt it.. . Next trip to Vegas I will be booking my stay elsewhere and advise everyone else to do the same.
Our family and friends stayed here recently. It is Filthy dirty! No excuse! Even if you cannot renovate, there is NO excuse to be filthy! Filthy carpet, rooms, etc! With the bed bug epidemic, you would think they would be clean! My husband and I always stay at the Bellagio, or MGM. Our family usually stays at Mandalay Bay or Four Seasons.
I stayed at the Luxor 6 years ago, and I do not remember it being as bad as my most recent stay.  Then again I was much younger and much more intoxicated the majority of my trip. . . My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our Vegas trip.  We had to switch rooms 2x's because of the shape the rooms were in.  Please note these were suites, not just regular rooms.  The furniture was damaged, couches were stained,  nonsmoking rooms smelled of cigarettes, horribly outdated, nonworking hot tubs, horrible water pressure, etc.  I could go on.  . . The only good thing out of this hotel were the 2 free drink tickets (but not really free considering the daily resort fees) and the bell service and valet.  . . WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.
An absolute disappointment!!! Thank God I only had to sleep here. The room was small, the sheets had holes and to top it off the towels were dirty. They really need to remodel the pyramid before they continue to lose customers. Personally I would not stay here again no matter the price.
THE WORST SERVICE I'VE HAD IN YEARS !! Upon check-in we were rudely greeted by JENNIFER. Sorry you hate your job Jennifer but im here to party so throw a smile my way god damn !! Not only was she rude but she told me and the two other people I was with that ALL of our cards were declined....weird because we ALL had $$ in our account and since she was so rude we just paid cash to make it less of a hassle. . . She asked if we wanted a smoking room, which we stated when we booked the reservation and when we said yes she just rolled her eyes. She asked if we wanted extra room keys and when we said yes she huffed and rolled her eyes once more. SO RUDE !!. . We get up to our room and notice it is not a smoking room and that the tile in the walkway and bathroom are noticeably dirty !! So we called downstairs and they offered to swap our room.. . Needless to say I will never stay here again !!
This is the worst hotel on the planet...the cost was ok, but the customer service was not what I expected for my first time in las Vegas!! I would not recommend staying there...It is a cheap hotel (you get what you pay for ) and Employees there do not help you, The wallpaper is peeling off...there are holes and its dirty!! Overall had a bad experience next time I will enjoy another hotel where people help and welcome you when you just arrive after four hours of driving!!! Drink your coffee in the morning people if you know you need it and are not morning people...seriously common sense!
I would not recommend anyone to stay here. My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week and find it very inconvenient, in a lot of senses. First of all, there is no wifi in the room. The only way you can connect to internet is through a one meter long wire. And if you have a Mac, instead of a pc, you are doomed, as the cord only works for pc. Moreover, we stayed in the 30th floor, the cellphone signal is terrible, you would constantly get disconnected while making phone calls. Because of this, the 3G is really slow while in the room. In a word, if you want to use internet in the room, don't stay here. Secondly, it's at the south tip of strip, going to the central is a lot more troublesome than what the map might have suggested you. Thirdly, there are a lot of workers doing "promotion" in the casino floor, they will try to lure you with free show tickets, but it will waste a lot of your time. My girlfriend and I call these spams. In the end, don't get fooled by the outlook of the hotel, the inside is a bit old and outdated. I, personally, will never ever stay in this hotel again. It is just a terrible experience staying here.
My first trip to Vegas of the year and how disappointed was I to see the quality of the service at the front desk went down and the rooms right along with it.  No decent place to eat in this whole place and the rooms are in need of revamping.  The good thing about this place is the bar in the Lobby and if it wasn't for Rhonda working there we would probably not step foot back into this place.  . . Coming back in June and reservations made but not for the Luxor!
I received a confirmation as for the daily charges for room, made the deposit of one night, when I received the bill at check out they charged full rate instead of confirmed rate.  I had to dispute it through the credit card company, the front desk person said she corrected it and I was still charged full rate - a $400.00 difference.  Also there are "agents" constantly harassing you to buy time shares every time you turn around.  The restaurant managers have and attitude and make you feel like they are going out of their way when requested to do their job.  This establishment does not know the meaning of customer service.  The room I reserved was a Players Suite which I was told was recently renovated and it was a joke, paint peeling off furniture and already worn out.  Stay away from this dump.
It's entirely possible the Luxor was the belle of the ball a million years ago when it opened, but in 2013 it's a real dud. Whatever awe the unique design and phony far-flung exoticism it may have once elicited has long been surpassed by much nicer hotels which haven't let their selling points go to rot. . . From the outside, Luxor looks like a dusty, long-abandoned talisman left in the front yard of a backwoods trailer park's lone hippie mystic. The inside looks like that hippie mystic's 35-year old sofa. . . Upon arrival, guests are treated like chum for rube-hungry hucksters. "Checking in?" asked a shark. "Sure!" we replied, thinking we were chosen to bypass the long check-in line because we radiate so much awesome. Instead, we were given the hard sell on a timeshare opportunity. "Come see it," said another shark, a blonde this time. "We'll even give you lunch!" We deflected free tickets to the unsavory likes of Carrot Top and the Australian Bee Gees, then were offered a discount on the one show we expressed an interest in, the Beatles' Love, which just happened to be dark that weekend for performer vacations. . . The carny pitch work continued for the length of our stay in various corners of the grounds, and though I am generally polite to a fault I finally found that my best recourse was to simply wave them off like they were covered in dogshit. . . Elsewhere, the Luxor continued showing itself to be a top shelf discount destination, seemingly stuck in its '90s heyday. . . The "inclinators" were a shaky, queasy affair, and unless you got your bearings before departure you were in trouble. Depending upon where your room was located, your walk to and from your specific inclinator could be quite long. . . Which brings us to the rooms themselves: We specifically requested a non-smoking room, both in making our original reservation and again at the front desk upon check-in. Our request was clearly heard but was ignored. The room stunk o stale cigarette smoke, like the ghost of Dean Martin was slumming it. We requested a change to an actual non-smoking room and were given one with a shittier view. . . The TV turns on at nearly full volume. . . The bathroom was filthy. . . The buffet was dismal, with few healthy options that weren't completely wilted and bland. . . We left a day early, partly because the Luxor was such a bummer. If you ever see me there again, you'll know I messed up pretty badly.
My husband and I arrived on a Monday and left our car with the valet.  On Thursday morning when we were leaving the valets brought out our car.  The car center console had been rifled through and thrown all over the inside and our Garmin and cell phone charger were missing.  We filed a report of course as the valets were the ONLY ones who had the keys and we had not used the car during our stay.  The following is the Luxor's answer to our theft report:  "The valet says he has no knowledge of the incident."  Well....DUH!  And then:  "The Luxor does not take responsibility for lost or stolen items left in the cars."  WOW!!!  What a great gig for a valet.  They can steal without fear!  The Luxor will back them up!   Besides this incident, the room we staying in (the tower) had bedbugs.  I had bedbug bites all over my body after the 1st night there.  Room looks clean....not!  My advice is to find a different hotel in Vegas.  We go 2-4 times a year and will never stay at the Luxor again.
Very poor customer service, no one directing you to the hard to see reception desk on arrival. I was not given the room I reserved and was told rooms were first come, first served - on a Sunday night. No comp offered for my inconvenience. Later the bar was unable to bill to my room since the desk never recorded the credit card I gave them on check in. No wifi in the hotel. The 20' cat5 cable in my room looks like someone tried to eat it. No refrigerator in the room, so forget about keeping anything cool. That includes yourself since the room A/C is sorely lacking. I will be staying far from this place the next time I come to Vegas. LONG walk to the conference center.
Everything you need to know:. It is nothing fancy but has a pool, restaurants, and is connected to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. . The tower rooms are far newer and cleaner than the pyramid rooms.. Whoever picks up the phones are fairly polite and helpful. The front desk in person is a whole another story. I was checking in and was insisted I had booked 2 rooms, not one. I was cut off several times saying "I'm just telling you what I see here". Nice. . Long story short, I get a late check out call 3 days prior to my check out day. BECAUSE there were two people with the same name staying here! If the front desk person checking us in would have given a hoot, she would've seen it was booked on two different credit cards. So, had to pack and change rooms which took 2 hours by the time it was all fixed and I was settled in again. I was so glad I got back early to put on my swimsuit to do this for 2 hours and get 15 minutes of sun. Thanks. . This is just one of the many "friendly" service here. The restaurants are nice n friendly though at least.. I would rather stay outside than stay here again.
They never wound up contacting me even about my lost items, just to try and sell me stuff.
Horrible! On top of it being outdated, poorly designed and dirty our room was robbed and the risk management staff member, Amy, was unhelpful and rude, even implying that the theft was our fault. The hotel has done nothing other than move us to a new room and I can't help but suspect that this happens often.. There is no wifi, no coffee maker in the room and the whole place is dark and confusing. The buffet was full of sad, soggy and greasy food. Their entertainment options are poor. The towels are stiff and stained and the bed linens are flimsy.. The gentleman at the front desk that checked us in was nice, but the manager seemed to care very little and just gave the company line.. I used to Love Las Vegas, I've stayed in hotels up and down the strip in the last 15 years, this is the first bad experience I've had... and it's terrible.
We were only staying one night and saw the rate on this hotel was $40 a night on their website. We get there and they want $48 as a walk in. Really for $8 bucks I will make you wait and make a rez on my phone! After some arguing she agrees to the internet price. Then there is a mandatory "resort fee" of $20 for things we will never use!! No wireless internet are you kidding me?? Resort fee included wired internet only. So if you stay here be prepared to pay 50% more than advertised!. . Second impression is the inclinator. It is dirty and has not been seen any maintnence in at least a decade! Nasty brass walls, broken tiles, and the floor numbers havefallen off and been written in with a Sharpie marker. They are also slow and very noisy/shaky. . . The room... we stayed here because the website made it appear that they had upgraded their rooms. Nope just threw out the bed spreads and replaced it with a sheet. That's all. Same gross wall paper, old abused furniture, and a now a bizarre painting that doesn't match the theme. The worst part was staying during 100 degree heat and not having a great A/C unit. We have stayed here multiple times in the past and have never had a great working AC unit it the room. . . The moral is you get what you pay for. Cheap means cheap. Next time I will pay more and go somewhere else. I said this last time we stayed here but I truly thought they updated. I will not ever stay here again.
Cool theme hotel however: (1) the Timeshare Sales people are way too pushy and this makes a very poor initial impression (made me feel like bait fish being hunted by Sharks), and (2) the cigarette smoke is very very BAD. Even my nonsmoking room was imbued with cigarette smoke from the Casino!  I had a hard time breathing so, if you don't like cigarette smoke or have respiratory problems avoid the Luxor.   When we walked through the Mandalay Bay, Venetian, and Bellagio Hotels the air was a lot better.  Got home and all our clothes wreaked of cigarette smoke...don't want to go back.
Extremely unsatisfied w/my recent stay (memorial day weekend, which I DO NOT suggest)...my room had ROACHES! In addition to terrible plumbing. The man @ the front desk, I believe his name was Corey, was rude as s**t! I asked to speak w/a 'manager' & was met w/"I am him." When asked what he was going to be able to do for us to help accommodate us, he told me "there is nothing I can do for you tonight...if anything can be done, it won't be until tomorrow @ 11am...". That was NOT good enough. So tell me, exactly how am I supposed to sleep comfortably?! When asked whether or not he lived &/or slept w/pests...he had no answer. I was offered "half of 1 night" half?! Half of 1 night when it was $600+ for our stay?! Was there half a damn roach in my room?! & this all just adds to the fact that our shower AND sink DID NOT drain correctly. While showering, we had to re-wash our feet after getting out the shower, why? Because the water was not draining! We basically were standing in my own shower water. Needless to say, we left this NASTY a** establishment & have made sure to let any & every1 we know NOT to stay here, EVER! Do. Not. Stay. Here. If. You. Have. A. Choice.
If I could give NO stars, I completely would. I actually waited a while before I decided to leave this review, only because I hate to be a jerk. However, if I help sway someone to decide NOT to stay at Luxor, I'll sleep better at night. I stayed at this hotel last September while attending a trade show for work. We decided to go with it because it was on the less expensive side, and none of the people attending had ever stayed. The reviews looked decent, and we figured we wouldn't spend much time in the room anyway. Long story short, in the course of the two nights we stayed at the Luxor, we saw AT LEAST 15 cockroaches. COCKROACHES. Something I have never encountered at a hotel in my entire life. There were dead ones, live ones, and I even found one in my bag. Aside from this, the hotel itself is pretty run down, and you can spot trash lining the tops of the artificial buildings through out the hotel. I can almost guarantee that is what attracts many of the cockroaches. Ultimately, we did not stay the last night and were refunded the full amount of our stay. When we told the front desk, it was as if they were used to hearing people complain about cockroaches in the room. . . Bottom line is, I would never stay at Luxor again, nor would I recommend it to anyone I know. Or don't know.
The only hotel in the country WITHOUT WIRELESS, however they charge a $25 per day 'resort fee' for internet.
HORRIBLE!!! okay so I had  stayed here before and it wasn't that bad but this time omg the room was horrible ! my husband and I got a suite w/ a Jacuzzi in the room which I thought was cool but it turned out it was more of a bath tub cuz not a jacuzzi . The curtains were stain as one : there was a killer that sprayed blood over them or two: some "hangover " wannabes spilled champion on it ... it was discus ting . next for some reason there was a huge whole on the wall in the room, like as if someone had jacked the safe or someone was hiding in there and gonna come out during the nite and not to mention the 5 spider bites I got on my arm T.T , I can say ive stayed at motel 8's better than this. No fridge , no coffee pot , no blow dyer , and no remote control . If you must stay at Luxor do not stay in the pyramid unless you do not mind any of the above lol I guess thisis what you get for $50 bucks since  i stayed during the week but cant image those poor people that pay more for this.
Day 1. Checked in to the Luxor Hotel and Casino this afternoon.  Long line at registration, but it did move quickly; there was a representative at the front of the line to greet people and she was very personable.  I overheard her talking to the group in front of us about all the different things that the registration clerk would let them know (Buffet's, Show's, etc).  However, our clerk was strictly by the book.  He was very un-personable and we had to pull info our of him.  Not exactly setting a good first impression.  However, he did upgrade us to a tower for free.  . . We self parked and walked back to our room.  The parking garage is behind the casino and we had to walk back to the front door just to find our way to our room.  There needs to be a better path to your room from the parking garage.. . After we finally made it our room I had to call the front desk to ask where is the ether net cable to log on to the net.  Common sense would put it at the desk in the room but no...it was behind the TV.  Right now I have it stretched across the room so that I can use the net.. . When I was on hold for the front desk; I heard a recording about having a refrigerator sent to my room so I called back to inquire about the price...$25 a day.. . The Ice Bucket is big enough to fit one bottled water in it and that's all.  So I had to use one of the trash cans as an Ice Bucket.. . If you are a germ-a-phob then don't look in the bathroom.  As I was standing next to the toilet I looked up at the vent and notice that it hadn't been cleaned in months (at the least).. . The good.  The Bell service is very friendly and quick.  Love the Bell service.. The toilet has one of those powerful flushes that make you proud to sit on the throne.. Love the Hand Soap shaped like a pyramid.
I would GIVE all NEGATIVE stars but I must place one to leave review. They don't even deserve one. First off, Luxor is a piece of shit hotel, Idc if people ever 5starred it, it was far from. I called made reservations days in advanced confirming having a fridge in my room for medical reasons at no charge, the lady I spoke with told me I could have a fridge in room free just let front desk know upon arrival. I finally arrive hotel they said no fridge unless I pay $25 a day for it, I'm like I just spent a grand with you to stay for the weekend... I than asked if they had a place in kitchen or office to keep my medication cooled they were very rude sad no. I should of left than. I paid all fees, entire stay billing, taxes etc so that nothing else was charged on my card. My 3rd and last day there I arrived back at hotel hour past check out due to me being in hospital because I didn't have my medication on me on hand, I had leave with a friend 1/2 hour away from hotel to keep in their fridge. I arrive at noon guy said no exceptions for extended late chk out. Will be charged for an entire extra day at $130+ dollars, I started crying, gave them my hospital form explaining, they gave me 1 hour to go up 3rd floor grab all my shit run to my car and ack hotel chk out by 1. Yet to mention I just got back from the damn hospital. I than did an express chk out via phone in room. After I drove 8 hrs get home I checked my bank and they pulled out an additional $460 unauthorized from my bank, for no reason no explanation. I was furious. I than tried calling 3 different times trying talk to someone they put me on hold for about 30+ min everytime than hang up on me. I than went to email instead and they still have not responded.  I'm so tired of dealing with it. I just want my money back. They are rude not worth a penny not worth the stay. Fuck Luxor. Worst hotel in Vegas might as well be ghetto motel it's worst than motel
what a dump this was the worst room we have ever had on the strip the shower in our room would not drain properly there was a hole in the ceiling with mold in it all around a very dirty Hotel they should put this hotel on Hotel rescue TV show we planned on staying there several days but instead we went across the street and checked into the Tropicana big difference Tropicana is much nicer cleaner all around better place to stay
One of the worst places to stay in Vegas.  LOTS of TLC needed at the Luxor.  It's like the management folks pulled the cleaning and building maintenance crew's budget.  We HAD to stay here last weekend because the town was super busy with the Electric Daisy Carnival.  2nd time I stayed here in the last 3 months and I do NOT recommend.. . The rooms in the pyramid have been ignored for years and the worst part - the a/c 's do not work properly in the rooms!!!!
Would not provide a small refrigerator for insulin.  I've stayed at between 20-30 hotels and have never had a hotel refuse me a refrigerator for medical purposes.. . I called MGM resorts customer service and they told me this was a fine practice and they have no issues with them doing this.. . Will never be staying at an MGM hotel again.. . Also this hotel is shit but I'm not even going to get into that
We stayed in one of the rooms in the actual Luxor Pyramid.  From a structural standpoint, the elevators in the pyramid are an unpleasant ride.  Every time we went into the elevators, we heard complaints from every guest, us included.  Not only is it uneasy riding "sideways" to your room, the elevators make you more uneasy because of the squeaking andthe lack of smoothness of the ride. In our room, everything looked very worn.  On our dresser wardrobe, the paint was faded and one of the handles was missing.  In the bathroom, some of tile had also fallen off.  Overall lighting was poor in both the bathroom and the main room, even when the drapes were drawn back.  My biggest complaint was a huge 4ft by 4ft wet spot between the foot of one of our beds and the door that neighbors the next room.  We had called a few times and let housekeeping know about this incident but the entire weekend we were there, and nobody came up to fix the problem.  We ended up putting a chair to create a bridge over the wet spot since no one came up to fix it, nor did we know what liquid it was.  These were only the major complaints about the hotel.  My overall experience here was very negative and I do not plan on visiting the Luxor again.
No joke, if I could give negative stars, I would!. . My husband and I decided to treat my parents on a mini-vacation to Las Vegas for July 4th and because it was going to be such a short trip, I didn't want to spend a bundle on a hotel. I found a great deal at Luxor Hotel for $36/night. . . Okay, so I've been to many hotels, motels, inns, you name it, in my life. This was probably worst than Super Motel 8. The other guests at the hotel really factored in my dislike for this hotel. The most unclassy and drunk slob kabobs you will ever meet in your life. . . The elevators are seriously scary as fudge. When we were in the elevator with the hotel's security guard he said that the elevators are like that because it runs on it's side and the dust collects on the wheels so it makes this loud screeching noise... eeeek! It was like a scene from Final Destination!. . Decor or the hotel is super tacky and there were ants in our room's restroom. First time I've ever seen an insect staying at a hotel room and I've traveled and stayed to hotel rooms in third world countries.. . NEVER AGAIN LUXOR!!!
Hm...this is probably my last time staying here. And let me tell you why.... . I got a discounted room price for $27/night, and I decided to beat the July 4th crowd and booked a room from Monday to Weds (7/3).. . Room:. They gave us a pyramid room 15013, on the 15th floor (via Elevator #2). Decent view of TheHotel and Mandalay Bay Resort, but that's pretty much it. The A/C was like a motel style one where you would have to go through trial & error to find the "right" tempt for the room.  There's no digital reading or measurement, but a dial for fan control (low to high) and tempt (Warm to Cool).  There is a flat screen tv in the room, but the channels all had bad receptions. Bathroom was OK, with a shower and a sink with all the complimentary toiletries.  Beds were comfortable, but I swear the room has fleas.  I had a bug bite on my arm when I woke the next morning, so that was something I was not expecting. And my mom got bitten too, when she sat in one of the room chairs... UGH... LUXOR, if you're reading this, considering FUMIGATING YOUR ROOMS!. . Elevator:. Didn't know the Luxor was an amusement park, too. LOL!  All of the Pyramid Elevators all rattled and roared from one floor to the next.  Hm...if you didn't know any better, you'd expect a sudden drop and free fall when you hit the top floor....luckily that didn't happened.. . Final Verdict:. I have no problem splurging a bit more to stay at a 4 or 5 star resort after this 3 day hotel horror show.  No wonder it was $27/night...they literally exchanged it for blood, and a souvenir of bites to take home.  No.THANKS.LUXOR!
I called and booked this room 10 days in advance, and paid in full. I knew I might be arriving early and asked what the early check in policy was, I was told that if a room was available I would be able to check in, nothing was said about a $20 early check in fee, or a resort fee at time of check in. I booked and paid for one room for one night for $50, which became over $92, at time of check in, and when I told the clerk that I was totally misled, she said "Oh well, they should havetold you" I was late for a meeting, so couldn't take the time to get another room elsewhere, another mistake! Went to the room, which was a "non smoking room" that smelled of stale smoke and sewer back up in the bathroom. When we were preparing to go to sleep, the A/C could not be adjusted, and it was like a sauna in the room all night.. They only had 2 elevators working, therefore there was always a 15-20 minute or more wait. When asked to speek to a manager I was told they were busy, and to go online and post my complaint. This was the worst experience I have ever had in a so called resort hotel.  Go anywhere but here!
I would give it 0 star if there was a choice....this is the 2nd time I stayed at the Luxor, I'm tagging along my husband on a business trip. The last time I was here, I had a pretty good experience; maybe it was because i came in 1999, many of the upscale hotels weren't here back then; This time around, comparing to all the other towering hotels, Luxor stands like an ancient ruin.. . The room was booked under a special rate, that wasn't so much of the reason to make us stay here, it was mainly due to it was very close to the business activities. Under the special rate, we discovered the hotel business is really all about service equals to the dollars you spent. They really could not find a room any worst than the one they gave us, according the Heather at the front desk, it was the LAST room available when we checked in. When I inquired the possibility of changing to a room, she managed to hang up before I finished talking. I told myself "you get what you pay for".. . After talking to Heather, after getting rid of a fly in the room, after picking some hair, small pieces of litter, not to mention the countless stains on the chairs and bed sheets, I told my husband that there was no way I could stay here. He canceled the remaining of the reservation and we were moving to Vrada. We still stayed for the first night since it was too late to cancel and I was too tired to move.. . Luxor, you have successfully managed to not getting any return business from me and everyone I know.
Thanks so much for making my time in Vegas a very meaningful one.. . I say that in the most sincere tribute.  I have never known patience like I have when I stayed here..  Thanks so much!  You've taught me how to deal with theft (who steals an In Room Dining menu??), home renovations (The mold on the tiles were a nice touch) and most importantly.. how to *stay* retro (The Ethernet Cable Wire by the tv just gives the middle finger to those "modernists" who opt for WiFi..pphhhttt!). . I especially loved how you decided to keep the Buffet food at a lukewarm temperature.  I prefer everything iced, myself, but I guess you can't please everyone.. . Oh, and thanks for taking all of my money away - nothing like hitting every number I *don't* have chips on the Roulette Table.
Got there on a Tues night 10:30 pm no valet parking, long check-in line, employees standing around joking. In the room no coffee maker, no robes, no Wi-Fi, food blah and over-priced. No in room insulation so you can hear every drunken conversation after hours. Charge extra for the pool if you don't want to "hang" with the MTV pool party crowd. Incessant dance music played. Chris Angel a big disappointment, Carrot Top was the best thing about this hotel. Contracted athletes foot from the shower as a souvenir. The Pharohs would surely weep.
7/6/13. . The Pyramid appeal stops at the lobby here. We were stuck in Las Vegas for an extra day because of a plane crash in San Francisco. Being an upper-tier member of United, the airline offers us a crashpad at Luxor, which, to me, is a dump.. . *Pyramid room 13011. Piping hot even the curtains were drawn---the gurgling air condition unit is barely working. We decided to drop off the bags and luggage, go out to grab food and come back to see if the room had cooled down. About two hours later we returned, the room hardly cooled, and the hallway outside was way cooler than the room No refrigerator. No ice bucket. No bottled water. WTF?!. . *Called front desk and got the response that they were completely full house. The clerk said she would send an engineer to examine the a/c but could not say how soon the engineer will be there. After the airport delay and cancellation, we were not in the mood to be out and about in the heat. We just wanted to rest so we asked for a new room. The request was denied by Shelley.. . *She did offer a room on the 2nd floor in the Pyramid, but only if the engineer came to confirm a/c unit is not working. *SIGH* Later they relented to give us the room so we packed up again and went down to front desk again to exchange room. Another clerk, who was way more sympathetic with our situation, offered us free upgrade to a room on 7th floor in the West Floor. So much better, and cooler, with  much better fixtures and amenity.. . *New room (West Tower 7212) is nice enough, but nothing like what I'm used to. They have NO IN-ROOM WIFI despite the mandatory $18 resort fee. No complimentary bottled water. No refrigerator. No rain shower. . . Overall this is not my kind of hotel. Poor choices of restaurants, more catering toward the chain-restaurant/fastfood crowds. Hallways reek of cigarette. Poor noise insulation. It is no wonder this is offered as a free crashpad. Luxor is definitely on the low end of the Strip. Tropicana across the street has a makeover so spare yourself from this horrible hotel if you prefer a room in the $30-$60 price range. We didn't even bother to hang around here, spent most of the next 32 hours in Mandalay Bay.
How is this hotel considered a 4 star resort?!  Never would have chosen this place on my own, but got suckered by Hotwire.  First we get there and valet is full, even for guests.  Then then AC units in this place suck apparently, thank goodness it had cooled down with the rain.  Went to the pool and it was awful.  No ambiance whatsoever and the water was so murky it was gross.  The entire property is very unkempt.   If your not going to take care of it anymore, emplode it!!!!
The hotel is terrible! It doesn't have WiFi! All it offers is an Internet cable. How am I supposed to use my cell and iPad? Plus it is far away from the center of LV (Caesars Palace, Bellagio, etc) and thus is pretty desolate. The hotel is quite old. Not shiny and even dirty somewhere. The only positive point is its style, but that gives you nothing good to your staying here. Should have chosen Monte Carlo instead of Luxor!
would give zero stars if I could. place does not give two craps about the customer. go somewhere else and be treated with respect.
I will give it one star, out of pity. The property has several problems, most of them probably not fixable, but it is the management that is the worst I have seen. My prepaid reservation seemed to confuse the desk clerk, and required her to disappear for ten minutes. Got a room in the infamous pyramid which was hot, didn't have amenities that any budget chain has these days, and cigarette smoke pervades the entire hotel. The pool area is very nice, and very popular. Not sure why the water is kept intentionally cold (was told this by an employee). Most of the other reviews will give greater detail about the buildings problems. And I would agree with most all.... I would not return to this hotel.
I was so disappointed in this hotel. It was my first trip to Vegas and I have always wanted to stay at the Luxor. It really didn't take long for me to figure out it was a mistake. we stayed in a pyramid room instead of the towers. . . After checking in we went to the elevator and that is where I noticed the buttons. For floor number 6 instead of having a metal number like all the other floors it actually had been drawn on with a SHARPIE pen! I was appalled but kind of laughed it off. Once we reached our floor and got out I noticed the carpet in the hallway was starting to pull up and looked like it needed to be tightened. Once we opened the door to the room a wave of heat hit me like a ton of bricks. I get that they don't leave the AC on all day but it had to be 90* in there! I walked over to the wall unit and cracked it up but it looked so old and out dated. It never seemed to work properly. The TV/dresser cabinet was so banged up and a drawer pull was missing. There was also no room service menu to be found. I was so upset, this is not how I wanted my first experience in the wonderful Las Vegas to be. . . We stayed for 4 nights and for 3 of those nights there was a used room service cart sitting in the hallway. Also some beer bottles sitting on top on the garbage can by the elevator. If you are are wanting to plan a trip and want to stay in Luxor, I suggest you wait until they do some MAJOR remodeling. Better yet stay more in the center of the strip. Everything was so outdated here and it was all and all just an unpleasant experience. . . I know one thing for sure... I will NEVER stay in this hotel AGAIN!
Went to Vegas for a girls weekend & wanted to find an affordable hotel (not something super, dirt cheap...but something under $300 for the weekend). I will never go back to this hotel.. I would much rather pay more than have to deal with this dirty hotel again. . . Here's why..... . 1. No full length mirrors in the rooms. I MEAN- really? Obviously if youre going to vegas, youre most likely getting dressed up & going out. But if you plan on staying here, plan on not knowing what you look like when you walk out of your room.. . 2. The lighting in the bathroom is TERRIBLE. If you're a girl & you are getting ready in the bathroom- Please be advised....the lighting makes you look like shit no matter how hot you are. . . 3. We asked for towels & it took AN HOUR for them to bring it up. This happened not once but twice- and when we complained, the lady on the phone said "You know, he's got a lot of rooms to go to he will be there as soon as he can." Sorry- I wasn't aware they only had 1 guy delivering towels to the entire hotel. . . 4. The hallways are dirty & dark. The carpets are disgusting, and the walls are DIRTY. I felt like I was walking down the hallways of a dirty motel. I mean really, can  you add some lights? . . 5. The housekeeping ladies literally opened the door to our room 5 times throughout the trip for NO REASON. We even had our privacy sign up, they would just open the door and then close it at will. SHADY.. . 6. Valet parking was full ALL weekend. How does that even happen? It didnt matter what time of day it was. It was full, and we had to park in self parking which was also full except for the top level at the way back. . . The third night we were there we ended up getting a room at the Hard Rock instead and let me tell you - it didnt even compare. . . Lesson: Don't stay at Luxor. Ever. Just not worth it.
I have to say, two years later exactly and I'm a tad (which isn't much) happier than I was the last time I visited here. . . Check in would have been a breeze had they actually reserved the right room for us. I hate smoking, but my husband does smoke. When we booked online he specified a smoking room because there was an option. When we checked in the desk clerk said they had no more smoking rooms available. She was not personable, not nice, not bubbly. I looked over at our friends who were checking in a few check in spaces next to us and I really wished we had that lady. I could over hear her telling our friends that the Californians that have been moving to Vegas are making smoking in Vegas rooms more and more difficult. Doesn't make sense since there's smoking inside the casino and pretty much everywhere else. The lady told our friends that she'd send up some ash trays to their room. The lady that was helping us left to ask if sending us ash trays was okay, she came back and said that it was. Score!. . In my previous review I said that I was deathly afraid of the elevators in the pyramid. Not exactly sure why I was, but turns out you need to slide your room key card into the slot and then push the floor number. Duh! The incline isn't bad either and the elevator doesn't shake as much as most of you say it does. It's a pretty cool ride actually. . . We booked the pyramid spa suite. Very nice and spacious and a nice spacious spa tub. One complaint, there aren't any jets in the spa tub. The room was clean unlike the last time. My husband asked the maid that was cleaning the room next to us if she had any ash trays. Because the floor we were on was non smoking, she said it would bedifficult for her to find some on our actual floor but she would try. Keep in mind that the desk clerk said she'd send some up. She never did. Five minutes later the maid knocked and had two ash trays in her hand. So very nice of her to go out of her way to make my husband happy! I was a little piffered to hear our friends say that someone very quickly brought them their ash trays. Clearly their check in lady was a nice person and ours just didn't give a damn. It is so sad that our friends had a room double the size of ours, they had pyramid soaps and a do not disturb sign. Those are things that should have already been in the room!. . Two more complaints: the fridge in the room wasn't working at first. We had to unplug the fridge to let it thaw out, we removed the ice and re-plugged and it started working. Also, the air conditioner doesn't work at all. I write this at 2 am because its so hot that I can not sleep at all it's that hot! I also don't know why the room that was directly above us on the next floor up had a room double the size of ours and we booked the same exact room as they did. It's irritating when you shell out a lot of money and you are how dinky your room is compared to your friends room. . . Room decor is pretty outdated, but the TVs compared to the TVs they had here two years ago are a definite upgrade. Bed is so/so when it comes to comfort. . . I really like that this hotel is linked to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. There's also a pretty nifty tram that you can take, but there are two and it can get kind of confusing as to which one to take and getting off of tram I and getting back on to tram II to get to Luxor, blah blah blah.. . Check out was a breeze. Just click the check out button on your check out email and there ya go. . . And also, those timeshare people gots to go. It was so bad I had to walk past them and just say no every single time. I can't even count on both hands how many times I was harassed. No. I do not want what you have to offer!. . Probably going to look into staying at Excalibur or MGM next time. Sorry Luxor.
It is one thing to encounter a problem, that is unavoidable.  The issue is when the attempted solutions are so slow-in-coming and completely worse alternatives to the extant issue(s).  The staff at T&T are abysmal to the point of being comically bad, the bloody bed, falling mirror, missing mirror, plugged sink and general disarray of the suite and casino all combined to make a shockingly bad experience.  . . This was my first opportunity to make a trip to Vegas for fun and I can say that I enjoyed my myriad business stays far more than this personal stay entirely due to Luxor and its staff.. . I understand they are being acquired/refurb'd by MGM, but this is supposed to be an area of world-class operations; with all the potential the unique layout provides and the luxury of having some measure of liquidity, the maintenance and operations Heads should all suffer the proverbial roll.. . I will be making a concerted effort to share my terrible experiences in detail with as many parties as possible; not due to the horrific experience itself, but owing entirely to the manner of their reaction after being informed.
Ahh!! I thought I wrote a review about this place...Stayed here back in June with my boyfriend and his friends. After my first experience, I probably won't be staying here again... . . The room is dark as eff! (Even with the all the lights on) . . The drain in the shower barely worked. It almost overflowed every freaking time someone took a damn shower. . I'll only come back here to see Jabawockeez, but to think of staying here...I think not! Even Excalibur is better than this place.. . **Very disappointed
Are you kidding me. First room wasn't clean. 2nd room had flooding in the shower. They will upgrade to a smoking suite . No way!Then the front desk rep hung up on us while in conversation.
Ok, after all the disgusting rooms we were assigned to, the hotel turned out great. We got a deluxe tower suite and dinner at Tender. I understand I got comps bc of disappointing dirty ass rooms. The hotel really made up for their mistakes.. I don't think I I would stay here again.. . Retract my statement .. This bathroom clogged too.
I stayed at the Luxor years ago before I really experiencedthe other hotels on the strip and thought it was an average hotel room in Vegas but after my last trip it seems more like a dump.  It looks cool on the outside with the pyramid but so did the Aladdin before it was demolished.  The pool is nice but the fun ends there.  There is NO WIFI.  Can you believe that?  No Wifi.  It is 2013 and a hotel without Wifi in the rooms should just close shop.  I don't give two rats if they want you OUT of the hotel room to gamble.  Business people such as me need Wifi.  They did have a ethernet cord but how inconvenient is that? People were stabbed at the hotel walkway during our stay and the view is not all that great because no one gets a view of the strip.  I won't be staying there again or any MGM resort as they all kind of suck. They also nickle and DIME you on the RESORT FEES.
If I could give ZERO stars, I would.  Here's the email I just sent to management. I don't expect a reply:. . My husband and I stayed in your hotel on 9/8 & 9/9. I am compelled to write to you as I couldn't be more displeased with the quality of your product.  From the moment we stepped foot inside the property, there was a distinct & offensive smell like some type of bad air freshener bomb had exploded & no one ever bothered to air it out.  This odor permeated everything & I later realized that I could even smell it when we exited taxis in front of the building.. . Walking to our room (#7008 for your reference) felt like we were walking down a dark, dirty alley, where visible trash, dust & dirt on the other side of the hallway barrier was obviously never cleaned up.. . We reserved a "Pyramid Deluxe King" room. There was nothing "deluxe" about this room, which had no safe, was missing hardware in the bathroom - and when my husband tried to hang his travel toiletry bag from the the towel rack, the rack fell off the wall. A dirty ironing board and rusty iron were apparently your idea of amenities.  Additionally, the window leaked during a rain storm & soaked the belongings we had placed by the window.. . I have stayed in many Las Vegas hotels over the years and have never been so disappointed and frankly, disgusted by the low quality of the Luxor accommodations.  To add insult to injury, I was apparently allergic to that horrible odor & spent the entire 2nd day of the trip sneezing uncontrollably & unable to breathe because my sinuses were blocked. . . We were celebrating a friend's birthday during this trip and the other couples were in other hotels & all raved about how great their rooms & accommodations were, which were all booked as ours were through Southwest Vacations.. . What a disappointment.
Definitely not worth the money. Dirty, terrible customer service.
I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas over the past thirty years, and I have never had a complaint or written a negative review.  The Luxor made me do it.. I stayed there three days on a vacation in October.  There were many problems.. 1. Early check-in requires an extra $20 fee.  I did not pay it.. 2. Wifi is available ONLY in the casino.. 3. The shower water was cold on the first day and only low-lukewarm on the second.  Was told to let it run for a while first.  I did so for more than 15 minutes the first day and more than 10 the second.  No luck.  And this was early, about 615 am, so do not tell me that all the hot water was used up.  Wasteful and unproductive.. 4. The main floor is totally crawling with people trying to sell timeshare presentations.  They are a veritable swarm.   Ask for directions and get a quiz and sales talk.. 5. The $20 "resort fee" is comparable to that of SOME other hotels, but at least those hotels put a free newspaper stand on each floor; you don't have to hunt out one small shop to get the paper.. 6. The main floor elevator lobby was closed for waxing at 710 am; I had to use two elevators to get to the lobby.  No signs posted, of course.. 7. Poor signage through the hotel.  For example, no reference to the food court--which DOES exist.. 8. Long lines everywhere though no evidence of a convention.. 9. Advertised $20 credit for food and bev is largely a ripoff; few or no food locations included in the offer were open for lunch; at dinner, the places included had grossly overpriced food--like $20 above what it should have been.. 10. Windows were very dirty and halls had water-drying machines running 24 hours for three days.  Why?. To be fair, I will admit that the room was pleasant and quiet.. But on balance I will never stay there again.. D
No. No. No. Don't do it. No matter how good the price is. We stayed in the main pyramid. No wifi- seriously?!? It is 2013 and you are paying a resort fee! The pool was not heated as claimed and one pool was closed with no explanation given. No coffee station in room! I know they want you to buy their expensive coffee- but don't other hotels too? I consider these 2 things a bare minimum. The shower heads were the worst I've experienced and I've lived and travelled in Africa. I literally had to wiggle my head around for like 5 minutes just to rinse my hair. The shower floor was so slippery I wouldn't allow my children in - I can't imagine an intoxicated person trying to shower. Our glasses were never replenished. We could never get the temperature of the room right and the sheets were so cheap I would sweat through my pjs every night. The fridge barely kept anything cold. The hot water knob on the in room tub was broken and just spun. My husband finally got it to work which was a good thing so I could bathe the kids since the shower was too dangerous. As another reviewer mentioned, the room smelled like an air freshner bomb had gone off and both kids have been sneezing since we left. The lobby is awesome looking but I'm not staying in the lobby. The room looked very bare with minimal furniture ( a very tacky stained purple velvet couch) and not a single thing on the walls. We did enjoy the location. If/when we return, we will stay at the Cosmopolitan or Wynn. DON'T DO IT!
Rooms are out dated! But the worst is that we had bed bugs!!!! We found them in my bed the day we were checking out..i reported it and they suposedly had exterminators inspect the room..but said  that our room was negative for bed bugs..i just feel they were  scamming and lying just so they dont have to compensate us..i took all precautions when i came home.. I will never stay there again!!!!!!
Please think twice!!. . Dirty towels that had stains (yellow&blue). That's simply nasty!  . . Called the next morning to ask for 2 body towel,  2 hand towels,  & 2 face towels with the do not disturb sign, and laundry bags. All they bought to my room was the towels.  The room didn't come with the do not disturb sign and laundry bags. Seriously, how much instruction do you need.  I asked for it, you said yes.  So yes means you can And you will. . . I would not recommend luxor because its kinda far from the main attractions/strip if you're walking. You gotta go to  Mandalay bay and hop on the tram thing to get to Excalibur and then walk you'll be able to get out to the strip. That's not including street crossing and bridge navigating. Then on a taxi they charge an arm and a leg because of traffic. If you're up for a walk then it's definitely do able. . . Paid $350ish for two nights for two queen beds. . . . Tips:. *check out is @ 11am. *there's two Starbucks inside. . *free self parking is available . *restroom doesn't have a vent. . *theres a magnified mirror available. . *No fridge. . *houses the jabbawockeez, carrot top, criss angel believe, bodies the exhibition, titanic the exhibition, etc. . *theres a gym ... For guest it cost $10. *theres a pool. * room safeand hair dryer is also available.
When we first got there we were awestruck by the beauty of the interior from the 15th floor where we were staying, but eventually, the uniqueness of the pyramid structure faded away when we walked around and saw better hotels in the vicinity. The air at the Luxor is stale and smelt of a nauseating vanilla/coconut covering up the cigarette smoke covering the entire area around the casino, but all the casino hotels were like that. Nicer hotels like the Four Seasons without a casino was cleaner and quieter. My father and I sat at the Aurora Bar drinking alcoholic beverages for a while on our last day, and after a couple of minutes, I could feel a burning sensation in my nostrils from all the smokers cigarette fumes. The pool was only three and a half feet deep and cold too. We couldn't sit on a cabana unless we paid to rent it, which we didn't like, but at least they let us borrow free towels. The maid service was good, but on our second day, they didn't clean our room or change our towels and bedsheets until we asked the front desk to do so. My father did not understand or like the fact that there were hidden fees such as a resort fee. . . All in all, I'd say it was definately a unique experience staying in a pyramid, but not worth going back to. If I could, I'd much rather stay at a nicer hotel like the Bellagio or the Four Seasons.
Issues:. *we were "upgraded" to a Suite = 1 sqft more. *our room STANK of stale cigarette. *the air conditioner barely produced any airflow. *there was NO FAN in the bathroom - who doesn't put an exhaust fan in a bathroom!?. . Then ... adding insult to injury .... . There was splooge on the nightstand.  I'm not kidding.  Ew. Gross.  Nasty.  . . The chair was thread bear and the sofa, I wouldn't sit on either.. . The TV, 42", was the best part and that was small compared to our home tube.. . Cest La Vie, lesson learned, the cheapest isn't the best.
By far the worst casino on the Strip. The valet broke our stereo and claimed it was not his fault. After filing a claim and taking photos they said they would reimburse us for the damages. After two weeks they finally call us to deny the claim. After requesting to speak with a supervisor I was told she is "busy". This place is a dump on the inside and its ran by snakes. My recommendation is to stay anywhere but here. Vegas is fun and can be a great experience. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. MGM properties are dated and out of touch with their guests.
Total dump.  We came to Vegas for a friend's wedding and we stayed here.  My girl and I are pretty conservative but we enjoy having a good time.  We slipped them an extra 20$ tip and for some reason they stuck us down a "quiet hall" next to two rooms of college students partying and getting piss drunk.  Doors were slamming at 6am etc..people yelling, one retard got mad at his phone and broke it and it ended up right outside of my door with the alarm going off non stop.  I went out and threw the phone down the stair case.  I went to the front to ask for a room change and they did which I appreciate but this next part I can't make up.  We get dressed to go to a show and we take the elevator down.  I step out side of the elevator and almost have to spear my gf to prevent her from stepping in a huge pile of shit, yes shit, a huge pile of shit, about the size of a flat foot ball right out side of the elevator, and yes we are still in the hotel.  All of these asian tourists were staring at it all confused like it was chocolate or something, I said hey! It's shit, like from your butt, don't step in it.  We come back from the show and shit's still there, they put a cone next to it.  The next morning it was gone but there was this big crusty brown ring where the shit once sat peacefully.  You can tell the janitor had had it.  Stay classy.
The free wifi is in the lobby, no access in the rooms. Tried to hook up an xbox to the tv, they built in an override so you can't use it. They said everyone did that and they didn't want me in my room. But they could get me a functioning tv for $100 a night. Went to the Mandalay and got everything I wanted for around the same price and much better and more professional staff.
We stayed here for a meeting.  It is a terrible hotel that really needs updating. We thought we had upgraded and we did get a suite, but it is dark and expensive.  There is a $20 per day charge for a newspaper and internet. The internet is wired. If you want wifi at a decent speed it costs around $30 extra. Our 4 g works very poorly here and it is totally frustrating. You must go to a resort store and show your key for a newspaper, so basically the $20 charge is a gimmick to enrich the Luxor coffers. We will never stay here again even if it provides close proximity to meetings.
No wifi in room even motel 8 has it,. big turn off, no shuttle,$ 20 per day extra charge  if u book via Priceline, poor customer service.There is no coffee or fridge in the room.I am not returning to this hotel.
Oh, wow Luxor. You really know how to screw someone over. If I could give you 0 stars, I would. . . I'm a realist. I know that if I get a wicked good deal on a room, I know that somehow I will pay for it, i.e. the "bait and switch".  And I did tenfold.. . I do want to say that the only good things about Luxor is that it is connected to Mandalay Bay and they have the Public House restaurant/bar which has a great Happy Hour. Other than that, I could care less about this place.. . Yes, it's an old building and it shows it's age: the rooms are outdated, the ugly carpets, etc. The elevator makes too much noise for my liking and does anyone else get dizzy looking down? . . My check in experience was fine, I did mention that I wouldn't be using anything that is charged as a resort fee and asked if it could be waived. No dice. I was fine with that and let it be because, hey that's life and at least I could use the internet on my phone, right?. . Nope! Luxor is the last dinosaur that doesn't have Wi-Fi. I call the front desk and asked to be transferred to a manager who told me the same thing, but this was after I was first hung up on by the first person. Classy.. . Thinking this is all over, I get a direct message from Luxor on Twitter. They finally answer my question I posted 10 hours ago: They stated that they are going to get Wifi in 2014, and resort fees are never waived. Ok, sure, no worries. . . But the kicker is that they tell me that the $20 credit promotion I received IS PART OF THE RESORT FEE. What?? Don't play me for a fool, Luxor. You did a promo because you couldn't fill your rooms, that credit is not a permanent thing. To throw that in my face as "truth" is just laziness and that you don't give two hoots about me and telling me to basically to eff off. I was so ready to pay the resort fees, and they throw this at me. Wow. . . And can they please update their rooms?? The TV was only connected to 10 "real" station while everything else was Luxor/MB promotions. The pillows were hard as heck and I could barely sleep in them. Water pressure was low too in the shower. . . Horrible hotel, will never come here again!
Considering this is the place to stay, I was totally disappointed. Room stunk of cigarettes, it was run down, faucets were barely fixed to sink. The whole place was run down.  They try to herd you through like cattle.  The only good thing I will say about Casino is the gentleman at the craps table were very informative and helpful.. . Considering I had booked a room with a pool view I received a room with the airport view, which really didn't matter the windows were so dirty you couldn't see out anyway.. Won't waste my money again
I wanted to give the luxor good ratings so bad because the staff was really nice and even upgraded our room but I can't. Where do I begin, the rooms are run down and old and crusty. The bathrooms are little and crammed and it's blazing hot all the time. Just because it's an Egyptian theme doesn't mean they have to make it feel like Egypt! Also, we had to unplug the mini fridge at night because it was making crazy noises. Now to get to the real reason this hotel got one star:  the pushy, annoying sales people who want to get you to watch a presentation so they can give you a discount to a show. They are everywhere at the luxor and they are sneaky and pushy. As soon as you hear, " how many nights are you in Vegas, or you want free tickets" run away. This ruined our experience at the Luxor and for this reason we spent our time at Mandalay bay. Next time I will stick to the other end of the strip where the mirage and the other higher end hotels are. Stay away from luxor if you don't want to be annoyed and hot and be around construction all day. (Forgot to mention they had alarms and workers at the casino fixing things and making all kinds of loud noise.)
From the outside, Luxor looks like a really cool place to stay, with it's beam of light looking like its shining into space, and cool statues. Once going inside, the whole hotel smells like a vanilla/coconut bathroom air freshener factory. It's all bad.. . +1 star for the nice front desk guy pointing us to the right elevator to go up.. Speaking of elevators, the ones here are terrifying. They're old and rock back and forth, they make their own rules too. We were heading down from the 10th floor once, we hit the button to go down to the lobby, but the elevator decided, nope, were gonna go up to get more people!. . Our rooms were the worst. They must have steam cleaned the rooms the same day because walking in, the air was damp, the sheets were damp, and our socks were wet from walking on the carpet. The windows were filthy, like they hadn't been cleaned in ages.. . I know the whole "you get what you pay for" thing and I'm not one to be picky about hotels/motels but this stay was dreadful.
One star is being nice.  We decided to stay here during Xmas and it was just awful.  When I checked in I specifically asked the front desk if they charged resort fees and she said no, but when we went to check out, we were charged resort fees!  The elevator smelled like sewage and we were put on the 5th floor next to some sort of dusty ceiling area with a view of nothing.  Faucets were leaky, the cleaning lady barged into our room after just one knock, and the room was dark and looks like a bunker.  Hotel food was also lousy.  We went to Rice and Company for food and the service was horrible and the food was bad.  The sushi was lackluster and the tempura batter was stale on our tempura shrimp.  I would never stay here again and regretted moving from the Monte Carlo to the Luxor.  Don't stay there if you can avoid it.
