This is the 2nd time I've been here.  The 1st time was two years ago when I was on leave from Iraq.  I came during lunch and sat at the bar.  Had a great time and the bartender treated me really well.  Food was fantastic-I mean I had better tapas here than I did in Madrid, Spain.. . Wanted to come back and swung on by on a Saturday night.  Real mistake on my part.  I didn't realize this was a hang-out place for the "hip" crowd.  OK, so I really detest the hip crowd but I didn't let this sway my opinion.. . I sat down at the bar and waited a bit and the bartender gave me a menu.  At the same time I ordered a glass of their red sangria which was recommended to me the 1st time and I really liked.  The red sangria is still really good.  So I perused the menu and it looked pretty much identical.  made a couple choices and waited.  Waited a bit more.  Finally the bartender comes to me and I mention that I haven't been here in 2 years.  Just as I was going to tell him my order he turns to help one of the waiters that comes up.  OK, np the bartender supports the waiters-I got this.  So I wait some more.  The bartender either completely forgets about me or ignores me.  I wait a while now, deciding to be a nice guy and try to give him another chance.  He takes someones else's order that walked up to the bar while I'm sitting at the bar.  I wait a good while and I'm finally feed-up.  Seriously?  I flip the menu over to see the price on my glass, put out exactly $6.50 for the drink on the bar and exit.  I was flabbergasted.  It's been a while since I've gotten this kind of treatment.  And the bar is really small.  There was me, and maybe 5 other people at this bar.  I'm thinking he just decided to blow me off.  Amazing.  I would have given this place 5 stars two years ago but now.... . Maybe in the future I'll revisit at lunchtime again and write an update for this place but until then, I guess I just wasn't hip enough for this place.
My partner is suffering from food poisoning right now as I write this review - thanks alot firefly.  We assume it's from the chicken skewers or an apple salad - these are the only things I didn't try of his, Thank God.  We ate around 8pm on 4/25/11, he was throwing up by 11:30pm.  It's 2:21am now and he's still praying to the porcelain god.  This is horrible and obviously we will never come back - I feel disgusted and almost want to ask you for a fucking refund.  We weren't expecting a side of salmonella or e Coli with dinner tonight.  Also, thanks for ruining what was a great vacation thus far.
I swear to god, I tried almost every. single. dish. And I honestly wanted to love this place but everything was mediocre at best. . . The best part of the meal was the paella, but the seafood here just isn't very fresh - you know when shrimp gets mushy/rubbery when frozen? And I can't believe I dropped so much for those "filet mignon" burgers which were so overrated! I would recommend against the sangria as well which was wayyy too sweet. . . The people were really nice, and it's good for groups, but it's really just not very good food.. . Sorry Firefly!
After reading the positive reviews, my friend and I were looking forward to tasting everything on their menu.. . I was a little surprised they brought out the food so quickly because we ordered a lot of plates.  I don't know if it was an off night for them, but everything on our table was very sub par, including the bread which was dry, cold, and bland.. . Very disappointing to say the least and makes me take more into consideration of other reviewers with a grain of salt.
Salmonella!!!!! Beware! Outbreak on last week of April and restaurant is CLOSED as of 5/1 because of poor health inspection and hospitalizations of patients.. . --------------------------------------. . http://lasvegas.cbslocal.com/2013/04/30/salmonella-the-culprit-in-firefly-outbreak/. . (Las Vegas, NV) -- Health district officials say salmonella's to blame for an outbreak at one of the most popular restaurants in Las Vegas, although the exact source is still unknown.. . Southern Nevada Health District officials say more than three dozen patrons reported food poisoning symptoms after dining at Firefly on Paradise Road. The restaurant was shuttered Friday and remains closed while health officials investigate.. . Salmonella can come from contaminated eggs, poultry, meat or produce, and can be transmitted through poor hygiene. Health district spokeswoman Stephanie Bethel said it's unclear where the bacteria came from.. . Health district official Amy Irani said Monday that 39 patrons reported symptoms, and 10 said they sought medical attention. Symptoms included diarrhea and vomiting.. . Results from the food samples may not be known until late in the week.
This place is soooo off and on to me.  Is the food amazing??  yes, there is no denying that the food and drink of this resturant is amazing!  However the service always leaves something to be desired EVERY SINGLE TIME I come to the Paradise location.  For instance this past week i met up with some girlfriends to have drinks and tapas and my friend had to ask for her drink three different times and litterally 20 minutes later her diet coke showed up AFTER our sangria and mojitos had been on the table for like ten minutes.  I had to practically beg our waiter to give us any attention and to take our order.  The busser had more interaction with our table than our waiter..
Ate there tonight.  45 minutes after I left, I threw it all up in the bathroom of a nearby store.  Instant food poisoning.. I had zero to drink - zero!
Yes their food is good but not worth being bitten time after time by spiders. Me and the girls I ate with were bit many times on our legs, when I told the manager he did nothing about it and just said they try to keep the bugs out but it's "difficult". Then just shrugged me off. Worse experience ever!
horrible not tolerable waiting period.. . The waiter selects and profiles who he will handle first.. . We came in and sat down. The waiter never not once came to me but. Took care of TWO other older customers that were seated AFTER me. They. were next to me.. . Waitresses have prissy attitude problems that owner. should be aware of.. . We just got up and left.
I have heard so many great reviews about Firefly and ever since we moved here we wanted to try it. My wife and I watched one of those "stake out" reality shows that had Firefly on it and thought, oh we should go there and see how the guy changed the place.  What a let down.  I walk in and there are hostesses massaging bus boys and servers shoulders. We ask for a seat outside because the summer heat cooled a bit , we were given our menus and left out there for 7 minutes without even a drink order.  I went back inside to see what the hold up was and there were the hostesses and servers massaging each other and 4 servers just standing around. I asked if I could get a server to our table outside and everyone just raised their shoulders as to say, "I don't know". We went back outside and waited another 5 minutes... still no one.  So we left. Obviously all the problems that were supposed to be fixed on the TV show weren't.
This was by far the worst dining experience I've ever had. The 45 minute wait to be seated to eat didnt bother me until I understood why. We (a group or five people-average) saw our waiter maybe two times while we were seated. The waiter was so unorganized he skipped taking my wife's order and she had to wait until the food that was previously ordered was all gone to place her order (with the missing waiter). After my wife received her order and she finished eating, we then had to wait well over 20 minutes for the check. We all walked out assuming the check was paid, but to my surprise it wasn't, they chased me down in the parking lot and the first thing that was said out of the servers mouth was, "I'm going to call the police if you dont give me your ID", what happened to "Sir, I'm sorry but the check was not paid". I spoke to the manager about the lack there of attention of his server, and his response was, "oh".. For a restaurant with so many positive reviews, I find it hard to believe that we were the lucky or unlucky people to enjoy the wonderful food and experience (based on other reviews on yelp) the Las Vegas Firefly.. . As far as the food, I was sick shortly after leaving this location; but next time if I want to wait in line and be sick after eating I'll venture to the the Mc Donald's at the local Walmart for fried food.
This place opened about 6 months ago and it was WONDERFUL.....it went down hill soooo fast....it is BAD.  Even the recipes have changed...portions smaller too...the place is DIRTY and smells bad.  Our wait staff has always been nice except the bartender who is non describably un bartender-ish and makes us feel that we are unwelcome.  They have 3 locations...this one is on Eastern Ave.
Wayyyy too salty! ! Couldn't even enjoy it:-( Got the Warm Spinach Salad & Eggplant canoli. The Eggplant was so little, could barely taste it. Plus it was drowning in goat cheese that didn't even taste good with the eggplant. The salad was so salty that it was hard to finish.
FOOD POISONING. . I hate to be the bearer of bad news, especially after being a huge fan of this place. But 3 out of 4 people in our dinner party Tuesday night ate the hamburger sliders. My fiance..who has an iron stomach had a little stomach ache Wednesday night, but my friend and I at about 2 am both were doubled over in severe pain and I finally went to urgent care. All symptoms I have been experiencing point to E Coli...if I am wrong on that its still definitely food poisoning bad enough I was put on antibiotics and told not to return to work until Monday (I work in a kitchen and its health code) besides I barely still have enough energy to walk my dog let alone work. I have lost 600.00 in wages due to this and been completely miserable. I called the restaurant and they were very apologetic and tried to be accomodating saying they would take care of us the next time we came in...but I am still out basically a whole months rent because one of their cooks didn't abide by proper cooking procedures and health codes. I am worried how many other people are sick from them this week and IF Firefly did in fact take the sliders off the menu until they could investigate the situation as they told me. Please contact me if you see this and were also hit with a case of food poisoning or better yet contact the health department. If FIREFLY is resolving their situation and fixing this then they wont have a problem with the health department. But if they disregard this issue then more people could be at danger which is why they must be contacted. More than 2 cases of food poisoning from the same item on the same day is considered an outbreak...I have 3 cases already. Lets protect our tourists so they want to come back. I promise that if I find out they have fixed and followed proper procedure I will update my yelp and encourage people to go back but for now I just cant.
1300+ reviews don't lie. This place is quite delicious. . . Why the one star? Because I ate here on Tuesday 4/23 and started having food poisoning symptoms two days later. It's been five days and I'm still in pain and have lost 13 pounds due to so much water loss. I had to visit the ER yesterday for dehydration. After multiple complaints from other patrons, Firefly was shut down today for a health inspection. . . However, this is not the first time I became ill after eating here. A couple years ago, I had their fish sticks and started violently vomiting soon after. After some time, I decided to give this place another chance. Everything was good...until now. . . It's such a shame because Firefly has delicious tapas and drinks. This was my go-to place for a long time. But apparently staff members aren't keeping clean and washing their hands or they're not handling their food properly.. . I've already given this place a second chance. A third chance? I highly doubt it. Eat here at your own risk.
I ate there on April 25, the day before the board of health shut it down for 3 dozen cases of food poisoning. I choose firefly based on the comments on Yelp. From NY, and now back home and suffering from food poisoning from their cheap and bad food. Be warned, if they open again. What happens in Vegas does not stay there.
I type this in my hospital bed so I'm sure you know where I'm going with this. I as ate here 4/23/12 with about 5 other friends from out of town to show off how amazing this place is. And it was another great dining experience.... . . 72 hours later or less and I'm in a state of what seems to be nearing death.  And it seemed none of my friends were affected but they were/are. I just happened to get it the worst!! . . I've been a firefly customer for 5 years! Never have I gone through anything like this. I may never come back and never recommend this particular firefly to. Anyone or anyone coming to visit Las Vegas... I'm still in shock this has happened.  Most expensive dining experience ever. Thanks a lot.. . . *** also this was no food poisoning I got for all you dim witted fools that think otherwise. Salmonella feels like and is (currently) Hell. . . . . SALMONELLA
Well....I can tell you this...I have never eaten at this place...but was looking forward to.  As you know if you are staying in Vegas (i.e. not from Vegas)...and venture off the strip is somewhat cumbersome...even if only a few miles away.  Thankfully we had a car and didn't pay taxi fare.  Shame on me for not calling ahead for reservations...but we did go on the site 2-3 time when deciding on where to eat and this place had NO MENTION that they were going to be randomly closed for the night... a SATURDAY NO LESS (4/27/13)????  WTF?  Obviously this isn't a case of dumb ass tourists either as we were there around 8PM for 10 minutes and no less than half a dozen other cars (with Nevada plates) drove up with the same reaction.  It is close to the strip...though on the other side from where we were staying...but seriously guys...Yelpers seem to love you...but POST ON YOUR SITE IF YOU"RE CLOSED....dont leave a 8 1/2 by 11 sheet outside your business saying you're sorry but will be closed today!
I got Salmonella poisoning from here. We ate there last Wednesday 4/23/13. Thought this was a nice place. Went to VegAs for my birthday and had dinner with 6 of my friends and every one of us got salmonella poisoning. One of my friends was hospitalized for 5 days. Ruined my trip, my birthday and now I can't pay rent because I've had to call into work the last 5 days. Thanks a lot I will never ever go here again.
with the recent salmonella outbreak i don't know if i will ever go back ... i didn't find the little bit of food i did try to be very good anyhow... sorry just not a big fan ... their mojitos aren't bad
Never Again!. . This was a place that we made a point of going to every time we were in Vegas, as we've always enjoyed their tapas and blood orange mojitos.  Then we ate there on 4/23/12 and were among the 200+ people impacted by salmonella poisoning due to the fact that these morons don't know how to store food, prep food and wash their hands (see the 5 page, 44 point violation report filed by the Southern Nevada Health District).. . As to the other reviewers saying that it is closed for renovations, they are misinformed.  This place was not closed for "renovations".  It was closed for making over 200 people violently ill.  If they do reopen (and I seriously hope they don't), avoid this place at all costs.  The violations show a complete lack of control from management and this place does not deserve your business.  There are way too many great places to eat in Vegas that actually know how to properly store meat.. . Thanks for the week of vomiting, dehydration and pissing out of my a** Firefly!
Didn't review when I ate there and felt ill. Who knows? I might have been sliding downhill before I went to dinner...so I didn't want to unfairly hang it on them. But now...hmmm. I am sure they will undergo a thorough review before they reopen.
Closed by Health Department because of salmonella outbreak.
My wife is pregnant and we were on our babymoon in Vegasfor a week. We had a great time and I thoroughly enjoyed the food, but I need to give this a 1 start given that if we had eaten a week later, this salmonella outbreak could have caused immeasurable harm to our child.
The sliders are delicious, but ask them to please hold the Salmonella
This place used to be one of my favorites! But guess what? I was one of the lucky ones who got food poisoning. Obviously, I will never go back to this place or their sister restaurants, the way I felt for a week is not worth the risk. I was there with a friend and we had their sparkling sangria, rib eye steak with fries, stuffed dates, apple and manchego salad and mussels with chorizo.  Their service was great and their food taste as their usual, but unfortunately one day later I ended up getting salmonella. I was at a volunteer event when my symptoms started, I actually had to leave the place and go home because I could not even walk straight.  The diarrhea started when I got home and then the abdominal cramping came, it was as if I were a girl in my period. Gals, I know what you go through and I feel ya! I wish I could recommend this place, but my advice is: EAT THERE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
This place has really gone down hill, I hope they reopen with a better quality and brand.
My wife was one of the victims of the salmonella poisoning and has been in  and out of the hospitalized twice and now we are in the emergency room for the second time. In addition to the poisoning she also came down with C Diff!  The owners only care about their reputation and not about the 300 people they made sick and how this has affected our lives. So MAD they they opened up this restaurant again!!  DON'T EAT HERE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!
Food poisoning.  You know its bad when you call the restaurant to complain, and the board of health calls you back.
