This is only a review for the free shuttle from Rio to Ballys. I know it sounds lame to rate something that was free but it's been bothering me. . . I went to meet up with my friend who was staying at the Rio so we can hang out. Unfortunately I valeted my car because I thought we were just going to meet up for dinner inside the hotel. She remembered that the hotel offers a free shuttle to the strip so we chose to do that. . . When the shuttle drove up we noticed everyone scurrying to find their card. We thought they needed a room key to prove that we were staying at the hotel. My friend shows the driver her room key and he says , "I don't need that ...that ain't nothin" he scoffed. I need to see your Diamond card. The Diamond card members are allowed to go first. She was no longer a Diamond Club member so she didn't have one. We were the last ones to board . I thought the issue had passed but the driver made another comment about the card. My friend was clearly already agitated so she said, "Thanks for telling us because we we didn't know". Then he sarcastically said "Then now you know". . . My friend was livid by the time she left the shuttle so she filed a formal complaint with the hotel. She told the management that it's wrong to treat people based on their player club status. She was a Diamond member once but now that she's not the hotel shouldn't look down on her. She was mainly embarrassed because this happened in front of a lot of people.
We got things STOLEN from our car whiled at valet. Didnt notice it until when we clean out the car half an hour later at the car rental return.  . . Called to file a report with security at Rio but they took it very lightly.  Asked what measure would be taken when I called back.  The person at the security office refused to help nor give me his name because I wasnt the person who had filed the report originally.. . Also worth mentioning, the valet guy hustled my bf to give him tips prior to taking our car in valet... claiming the valet section is full (on a Monday)... he asked for tipping in advance before willing to do his job... . . Never had anything stolen from hotel valets before... I suggest to stay away from Rio valet if you want to keep the thing you bring to Vegas.. . The saying should be changed to:  . . What you bring to Vegas,. Stay in Vegas...
Worst. Hotel. EVAR. No, seriously - If I could give negative stars I would give -20 stars. This hotel was so bad that I had to book myself into a different hotel despite paying for 3 nights in advance... I just took it as a loss.. . When I checked in, I used my Chase debit card (for the points), not realizing that when you use a debit card at this hotel, you are treated LIKE A FREAKING CRIMINAL. Try using a debit card and order room service ("You're flagged as 'cash only'") or ordering a FREE on demand movie (what a joke - the TV was straight outta the 80's and the channels are depressing) or even trying to get internet access -- DENIED, DENIED, DENIED. Despite the fact that they've charged you a $100/night "deposit" that apparently gets applied towards NOTHING, you get NO SERVICES in your room without arguing with someone at the front desk.. . STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL - FAR, FAR AWAY. I checked out as fast as humanly possible the next morning (you can hear your neighbors BREATHING... let alone, um, having relations) and checked into the most incredibly AWESOME Cosmopolitan hotel where I was treated a thousand times better using the SAME card.. . So, long story short? Don't stay at the Rio. EVAR.
I will not come back again. Poor service especially the manager. One of their staff promised me to change to 2 queen bed room on Sat. When I talk to them, they just transfer to manager. The manager was having a poor attitude. He even said that he didn't promise it, just his staff. He can help me check out if I want. His attitude made me feel terrible in this Vegas trip.
I've stayed at a variety of Las Vegas hotels (read: Imperial Palace to ARIA) and this place was one of the worst places.  Seriously.  Check in at 4PM = waiting in line for 40 minutes.  Given that it was 4th of July weekend, I was expecting some delays.  But, there were only a handful of people ahead of us.  Turns out they had some sort of computer malfunction (which they told us 20 minutes in).  And yet, they had about 11 employees standing around, having lively conversations with each other and definitely avoiding eye contact with the ever growing line of hotel guests.. . TAKE NOTE HOTEL MGMT: if you have some sort of computer malfunction and/or delay, then 1) communicate this to your customer quickly and 2) for the love of PETE, don't have your employees just standing around in front of each station.   If necessary, have them go into the back.  Your customers may be more understanding if they think you're understaffed.. . Other negatives:. 1) paper thin walls. I'm talking RICE PAPER thin, son! We could hear every conversation, every cough, every moan (nicely done, 2 minute man) and every annoying door slam.. 2) black and white TUBE TV.  Seriously?  Come on dude. Amazon sells a 22" Philips LED LCD TV for under $200.  Free shipping.  Get on it.. 3) Janky 1 star hotel style shower head.  Terrible.. . I always thought - I'm just going to Vegas to party it up.  It doesn't matter where you stay.  OH, YES IT DOES.  Never again.
Buffet is extremely disorganized! Waited in line forever, then a little longer since we're loyal Total Rewards members and had a voucher. Really Rio? Penalizing customers who frequent your business in favor of those paying cash?? I won't be back.
I stayed here because a friend had  a comped room.  It was called a suite....ummm....it was bigger than a standard room, but not a suite.  Sliders from the restaurant were ok.  The adults only pool was a lackluster attempt to capitalize on the trend.  The rooftop nightclub is the best feature of the club in the summer.  The casino reeked of smoke and many of the gamblers seemed sad.  Once we took the shuttle, and it was more trouble than it was worth.  I'm not sure if I would stay here again even if it was comp'ed.
First of all, I booked 2 rooms with a view 2 months ahead. I ended up with two pet stayed rooms with no view. Room was still dirty from the last visitor. Do not recommend staying at rio because of bad customer service. Will not stay here again.
Lo Siento Rio, but you made me kind of sad and I did not even have to pay for you!. . First, I did not think our room was super clean when we arrrived, Our shower soap holder thing had a gaping jagged hole in the bottom that looked kind of dangerous. The shower curtain bar is not attached to the wall and falls down if you pull the curtain too hard. Ooops... . . The pool is really nice, but why are all the pools not heated? The one next to the ultra expensive cabanas should most definitely be the most toasty of them all since we were paying extra for our luxury style ovens to watch the World Cup game in. (Wrapping the cabanas up in tarps like a 100 degree present does not allow for any air flow. Every time I sat in there for more than 20 minutes I would get light headed). We also were not informed that the money we paid for the cabanas was a credit towards food. Boyfriend and I were eating leftover buffalo wings in the room when his mother calls us and informs us we have a thousand dollars that needs to be spent in only a few hours.. . What was even more frustrating is we had ordered some drinks in the cabana and the waitress had brought us a bill to room charge it. Wth? If we have a thousand dollars of credit why did you not just deduct it? Jeez lady.. . Our phone also did not work in the room, which we discovered when we wanted room service at 330 AM. Glad you have 24 hour room service, but if I cannot call it then what good does that do? I went to look up the front desk phone number so I could call on my cell phone and there is not a phone number listed on the web site. Only an 800 number to make reservations. Fail. . . Vegas was nice though! This part just could use a ton of improvment.
Terrible, awful, nasty hotel, restaurants and service!  Comedy was awful also!. Wayne Gorsek
I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!. . We had a booth at the WWIN show so we stayed here because it was convenient(in my opinion it be worth it to drive 15 minutes to another hotel), my boss paid for the room, and there ends the extent of happiness for this stay. There were5 people in our group 4 had an unpleasant stay, these are their stories..  . 1. One room the a/c didn't work and wouldn't get below 80 degrees.. it's 100 degrees outside at midnight during august in Las Vegas. Several calls to the front desk, twice did any one come up to even look at the wall a/c unit, nothing was ever fixed.. 2. One room it took 45 minutes to get hot water in the shower if at all. She valets her car and it took them 45 minutes to retrieve it while standing outside in 113 dry heat. She complained to the guy that takes the tickets to get your car why it was taking so long, and he asked her, "well did you tip the valet?". When the guy arrived with her car she asked him why it took so long? His reply "did you tip the guy in the booth?". 3. One room same problem no hot water.. 4. My room, when I checked in the lady asked me king bed?.. yes its only me.. well we don't have any available are 2 queens ok?.. that's fine(did I have a choice?) also she needed a credit card to put on file, after several minutes of tryin explain that the boss has his on file hes paying for the room, I ended up just giving her one with the understanding that she just needed to see a physical card and it wouldn't be charged, it was, and had to be refunded and charged to the correct card. I can deal with the 27" tube tv no biggie, but it didn't even have basic cable, kinda sad for a big fancy las vegas hotel to only have 5 channels in a room. Also, the tv in my room faced one wall, the sofa another one, so I rearranged the furniture completely so I could watch tv. My problem with the valet, they brought my truck quick enough, but only after hitting a curb or something and scratching one of my rims (that cost $750 apiece). I caught it before I drove off and complained to the guy that brought it, he said he has to call security, id have to file a claim, I was already running late for a business dinner, and wasn't going to blow my chances at making $ for these guys to tell me "no we didn't hit anything you must of brought it in like that.". . All the rooms: if you are staying in the masquerade tower in floors 23 or higher be prepared to wait up 7 minutes for the elevator to get to you (there are 4 of them when we stayed one wasn't working) no free internet, $13.99 a day or $32 for a weeks use. No free gym, $22 a day. All the showers have a window in them so you can see the living room, people in the living can also see you in the shower, and if you don't close the shower door they can watch you dropping a deuce. Room service is crazy over priced ($300+ to get 3 medium pizzas, bread sticks, salad and soda delivered to your room) the restaurants in the hotel are crazy over priced ($20 for a large one topping greasy pizza, nothing else).. sonic burger is 2 blocks away (double bacon cheese burger, large onion rings and huge drink $7.99). . The good things: beds were comfortable with a variety of pillows of different firmnesses .. that is all.. And for the comfy bed and good nights sleep they get ONE STAR!
Victim of employee theft.  Completely appalled by this hotel.  Upon arriving, my reservation was canceled because they had booked the room on the wrong date, informing me and my coworker that the hotel was fully booked and that we "could try again tomorrow".  After an hour of explaining that we were with a conference there, we finally got a handicap-accessible room with a king bed that obviously not been used in a while.  Then, once returning to the room after dinner, I found that my macbook pro had been stolen.  They are completely insensitive, and I've now been passed to three different insurance adjusters before finding a resolution - which is increasingly looking like a denial of liability on their part.  I've traveled a lot, and this is BY FAR the worst hotel service and staff I've had the unfortunate opportunity to experience.  I would say "0" stars if it was available.
No free wifi.  In 2011.  Really?  REALLY?. . In 2011 wifi is ubiquitous as toilet paper.. . The smoke in the casino is horrible.  It hits you like a wall as soon as the elevator doors open.. . If you buy one of the drink packages (for example, you pay $75 to get $100 worth in drinks), you NEED to check out in person in the lobby.   The video check-out will not account for the drink package at all.  The woman behind the front desk told us this.  Gee, I wonder how ethical that is.. . Avoid this dump.
This was my second stay at the Rio.  Two years ago, we really enjoyed our stay.  This year.... not so much.  We'd requested a smoking room, waited 2 hours, and still didn't get the room we'd reserved.  Got to the room, the safe didn't work, make-up mirror was broken and there was electrical tape repairing the carpet.  When I called about the safe, I was told I should have been told upon check-in (NOT).  When I complained (because, really, I didn't want to carry all my cash around Vegas), management's response was pretty much non-existant.  Overall service was just so-so (except for the spa).  Too many hotels in Vegas to put up with attitude.
One star for the I really don't give a damn attitude of the staff at check in.. . I made a reservation and questioned the agent extensively about the pool as my 9 year old son was going to be with me.  I knew part of the pool area was topless from previous visits but being an adult it didn't matter to me. I made sure he could use part of it, play under the waterfalls etc.  Sounded great and I made the reservation.. . Upon arrival TWO days after making the reservation I was told upon check in that the pool was CLOSED for the season.  The front desk person appeared not to care.  I said the ONLY reason we had chosen to stay there was because of the pool.  They would not move me to another property that had a pool or let me cancel my reservation.. . I was mad and still am.. . Yeah, the rooms were clean.  We all know that by "suite" the Rio really means big room.  Not a room with a separate bedroom and living area.  Whatever.  . . This was not my first time to stay here but I feel it was my last.  It's amazing how just one poor employee can ruin it for a business.
The Rio should change its name to The Favela. If you don't know what that is, go to Wikipedia and look it up. . . We were there for what was supposed to be a special occasion. This is definitely not my first foray into a casino. I've been to Vegas plenty of times, almost exclusively to Harrah's properties. My mother, a Diamond Club Total Rewards Member, arranged our stay as a gift for us through her casino host at Caesar's in Atlantic City, sight unseen. The Paris hotel was full that weekend, but we were assured that the Rio was just as faaaaabulous. If you're an Atlantic City person, you'll understand this reference: The Rio is about as fabulous as The Claridge.. . Valet: We arrived at 11 p.m. on a Thursday to a check in situation that left us sitting in our motionless vehicle for a good 45 minutes before we decided to take it upon ourselves to move our luggage ourselves. When one of the valets saw us "stealing" a luggage cart, he decided to stop talking to girls in the taxi stand line and help us the other 2 feet inside. . . Check In: Worse than Thanksgiving weekend airport security, ruder than TSA. We waited in the longest line I have ever seen at any casino check in. Naturally, we were overjoyed when our room turned out to be on the lucky 13th floor. REALLY...they have a 13th floor...in Las Vegas. We brushed it off until we got inside because again, our "suite" was supposedly fabulous. Maybe 19 years ago it was fabulous, but not anymore.. . Room #1: All I wanted to do when we arrived was take a bath, get a bite to eat, and go to bed. Our room was not the most modern, but we could deal with that. I'd still have to say the least appealing aspect of our room was the creepy, peep show window into the bathroom. Seriously, who wants to watch their suite-mate sit on the toilet?  The fact that the room was not clean was a deal breaker. Idea #1 was nixed as soon as I saw our filthy bathtub. The previous guest must have been a coal miner with the black ring around the inside of the tub. Then we noticed the broken light bulbs still in the sockets around the mirror and the broken doorbell. I was looking at the carpet and said out loud 'Ohhh I should vacuum.' before I caught myself and thought 'Vacuum?! I'm in a hotel!' When I called to request a change of room, the broken phone cord actually fell out of the phone. We finally got through to the front desk manager  who told us to tell the bellman that we were moving to a room on the 29th floor when he arrived with our luggage. The bellman would let us in, then someone would be up to the new room with a key shortly. . . Room #2: The new room was cleaner and a little more modern, but still with the creepy peep-show window onto the toilet. We waited 45 minutes for our new key to arrive before we decided to call the front desk again about the key because we were starving and it was now almost 2 a.m. Besides, if a key card takes almost an hour, how long would it be before we saw room service? We ventured down the the bloody awful and messy Whopper Bar, our only option, and ate our food amidst some low rent prostitutes resting their feet and catching naps.. . Back to the front desk again, it's now 3 a.m. and the line is even longer than when we arrived. I ended up walking up to the side of the counter and asking to speak with a manager. The clerk refuses to let me speak with the manager and then calls up a guest while I'm standing there who yells at me for getting in front of him on the line. The clerk actually goes to get the manager when I yelled back. Manager shows up with 2 keys for our now second room. Total time for check in: 4 hours. Another 20 minute wait for the elevator and we are finally in our room and in bed. . . We stayed a total of 2 nights, and with the exception of sleeping, spent as little time as possible in The Rio. We hit the buffet once because a friend of ours said that it was awesome when she lived in Vegas 5 years ago. It so wasn't. We didn't bother to drop a dime in the casino either. Any time in casinos or restaurants was spent at other Harrah's properties over on the strip. The Rio (or The Favela) sure left a bad taste in our mouths, and it wasn't just that Whopper.
Hate this hotel.  It's old, no air-conditioning on the casino floor, dirty, damp and the guests here rude.  The room air conditioning is based on motion detection.  So, if you sleep motionless, you get no air.  Bottom line - never coming here again...
Generally overpriced in every fashion (even for Vegas).  Sub-par quality.. . The Good:. . Our front desk person seemed nice.  We got tons of free mardi gras beads.  . . The Bad:. . To me the Rio is the Lindsay Lohan of Vegas hotels:  once a hot and promising place for fun; now it just looks sad and weathered.  . . Rio Advertises itself as an "all suite" hotel with large rooms, but merely providing more of the same putrid carpet space to stare at while you wait for maintenance to come fix the hot water does not a "suite" make.. . My "suite" experience at the Rio officially started with me walking into the room and noticing the television bolted down and tilted in a fashion not viewable from the beds.  Not even a flat screen (let alone flat panel) television, this thing looked like a throwback to something from the 90's.  Here's a tip guys:  if my single, elderly, mother has a more state-of-the-art television in her living room than you have in your "suites," maybe it's time to upgrade.  Fortunately I was able to muster the strength to tilt this massive dinosaur to face the beds.  . . In addition to the television, I also noticed these "suites" didn't have many of the conveniences I have come to enjoy in suites from other hotels.  For example, often times hotel rooms (suites and non-suites) will have some type of semi-adequate sound system, or even an ipod docking station.  The closest thing our Rio "suite" had was one of those old fake-wood-paneling alarm clocks.  We didn't have much luck plugging our ipod into that.  The "suite" did have one of those newer coffee machines, however.  Unfortunately, we couldn't locate the coffee.   Were we supposed to purchase it from the mini bar?. . Then there was the plumbing.  Oh the plumbing...  The only thing more enjoyable than amassing a thick layer of "Vegas" across your skin after a long day of heavy gambling, drinking, and cruising, is not having hot water in your shower to wash it off.  At best, the water in our "suite" shower reached lukewarm.  I called maintenance and the front desk requesting assistance.  They said they would send someone up.  We never saw anyone come up, and the problem continued.  Furthermore, the bathtub backed up while we took showers, so we had the benefit of not only being showered with cold water, but also soaking in cold water as well.  Lucky us.  . . As if that weren't enough, our toilet in the "suite" hardly had any water going into the bowl.  This is great news for those of you out there planning a nice romantic weekend at the Rio; nothing gets you in the mood like going to the bathroom and seeing the fat dump your girlfriend left in there an hour ago.  . . The Ugly. . When we called and asked to speak to the manager, she made it seem like it was our fault for not calling.  When I told her that we called and spoke with maintenance, she made it seem like it was our fault for not calling the front desk.  When I said that we did call the front desk, she made it seem like it was our fault for not calling the front desk a second time.  Seriously?  . . In summation, my experience at the Rio reminded me of that old Duran Duran song, "her name is Rio and she SUCKS!...". . . *Additional final thoughts:  the Rio is located off the strip, so you'll either have to fight the crowds and wait a substantial amount of time for the tram to the strip, drive yourself, cab it, or walk a considerable distance.  Either way it makes for an expensive and/or unfulfilling trip.  If you manage to fight the hoards and snag a seat in the shuttle, plan on a short night out, as the shuttle stops running relatively early.  Often times we felt stranded there because we didn't want to drink and drive and we couldn't get a shuttle.  Perhaps they count on people feeling trapped there, which is why they make their food so overpriced.. . Also...the clientele there seemed a little sketchy...my friend (a 49-year-old Filipino man) was openly verbally assaulted by a seemingly drunk woman on the first night we got there, merely because his wife sat down and played in an empty seat she had long-since left.  Security never came to stop her.  It was a little scary, and a lot ghetto...
I was all ready to post a detailed - and fairly good - review of the Rio that I had written on the plane home from Las Vegas last week.  Then I got home and looked at the room charge;  Rio over-charged me more than $100, and this was after I caught an incorrect $135 spa charge on my bill during check-out!. . Attempts to fix the situation have failed- even after their marketing company replied to a tweet I posted saying the wanted to help/fix the issue.  I've had to file a case with my credit card to have it reversed- that's not good service Rio.  (I'm also going to file a claim with the Better Business Bureau.)
Stayed here as part of a package for a Hockey tournament.  Ugh.  Ghetto ugh.
I came to Rio for Chippendale show on my bachelorette weekend here in Vegas. I dropped by the craps table after Voodoo lounge and this one Vietnamese or Filipino pit boss was so rude, unprofessional, and STUCKUP--TOTAL B***H had all my girls and I go back and get our ID's before we can play or "watch." I don't mind getting carded...but she needs an attitude check. I didn't want to drop another $1 on that table or in that casino period.....I would never return to this hotel ever....if its not for the sexy ass Chippendale guys this casino is worthless.
will come to the voodoo but would not stay at this place. This is the first hotel in a very long time that for the money I find the room to have a standard big old fashion tv. Not only that but we had to hit the tv every so often to get the color back. They charge for everything and I mean everything. I was amazed that when we asked for towels and blankets they did not charged us for that. Even in a small town in northern california or a hotel in the middle of china this was the first time that a hotel charged me for coffee. The internet was crazy expensive at 13.95 per day. Again what kind of freaking place charges this to that amount. They give you two queen size beds and two towels which is ridiculous. Now for the bedroom furniture. This was very outdated like the couch. You think that if they are making money they would at least start improving the rooms. The other restaurants the food was okay to average. Old towns food to me seemed to be better for what you are getting.
I came in on a business trip which was orchestrated and paid for by the business I work for.  When I arrived there was a fight happening at the concierge table between a staffer and a guest which was noisy and distracting. I walked past the altercation and went to the check-in line.  Despite 4 people sitting behind the desk and me being the next in line, it took 10 minutes to get called up.. . During the check-in itself, my $75/night suite was going to cost in excess of $400 for a 2 night stay.  They would not take my debit card without locking the account and as I was travelling light, I had not brought any other forms of payment.  I asked for clarification on the charges and the staff got attitude and told me that it was part of their terms and conditions.  . . Instead, I called the airline, and booked a $200 flight back home and I will never recommend this dump to anyone.  . . The staff here are poorly trained, rude, and incapable of managing even the simplest task without making it a complex ordeal.  Although I did not make it into a room, the outside looked tired and sun-faded.  No attention to detail here... . . I will never go back and I encourage you to avoid this place at all costs.
WORST HOTEL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . I went to Vegas for the first time and stayed at Rio because my boyfriends has comps from atlantic city. With that being said it was my first time i was really excited about this trip. I knew that the hotel is off the strip and taking taxis everywhere was not too big of a problem for us. . . As soon as we got to the hotel. I noticed the place is very old( kinda dirty looking). But I wasn'ttoo worry about it because from the pictures of the room when we booked it, the rooms look very clean and nice.. . When we got to our room we were speechless!!!! I thought i was in a cheap motel out in the middle of nowhere!! We took our shoes off walking around the room in our socks. My white socks were black within the seconds. It made me feel so uncomfortable and that was just the floor... .  As i walk thru the room and look at the couch and the footrest by the bed, there were stains on them (like someone spilled a drink and didn't clean up) We laid on the bed to rest a little and the sheets were so dry and hard feels like sand paper. It was a non-smoking room but the sheet cover ON the BED has cigarette burn holes on it!! . . When we booked the room, It saids we will have a flat screen. Not only it was an 1970's old style TV. The remote doesn't even work. That didn't really matter to us because we know that we won't be watching too much TV. But still, it was the quality of everything in that room that really made us angry. . . We tried to put some of our things in a safe later and that doesn't work. We called the front desk and they sent someone up to fixed it. The shower fan was broken so in the middle of my shower, it felt like I couldn't breath!!. . After all those problems of the room, we were very unhappy. So my boyfriend went to the front desk and complain. After hearing all of our problems of the room she went like," I can't put you into another room because we are all booked and we can have someone clean your room better the NEXT TIME". So there was nothing we can do but deal with the dirty room situation.. . On the day of our check out. We tried to check out on our TV but of course that didn't  work because NOTHING works in that room. We went down to the front deck  and there was a long line of people waiting to check out only one person behind the desk was helping all the people that were trying to check out. There were probably 10 or 12 people behind the front desk not doing anything. . . My boyfriend went up to one of the girls that isn't doing anything and ask her if we have to go wait in line to check out if we didn't put in any cash deposit. She was like," No. You can drop off your keys and just go and deposit on your card will go back in a week or so" My boyfriend asked," What if there's charges on there that not right or not supposed to be on the bill that I want to make sure?" Girl behind the desk:" Well, if you want to make sure then you have to wait in line ( with attitude and a mean face)!! . . At the point, we were trying to catch a plane and had it with this crappy hotel. So we dropped off the keys and left!!. . It was no joke THE WORLD'S WORST DIRTIEST HOTEL I'VE EVER STAYED!!!!!!!
The only benefit to this place was that it was a good deal. That being said, it was dirty, DIRTY- like we had to get a new room because we couldn't stand the shower-scum shower, dust coming out of fans and stains on pillows that came from questionable sources. It is off the strip, so you have to take the bus to drop you off, which can lead to a 45 minute wait. The inside needs some serious updating to match the other hotels, looks as if it is stuck in the 80's. Tube TV's in the rooms, no fan in the bathrooms, keurig machines in rooms that don't work..This place needs some serious work. Will NOT be staying here again.
Wow you can get kick out of a casino and banned for winning money.   They are willing to take your money,  but once you start to win, they can kick you out of their property and kick you out of the room as well. There should be some type of Federal Law that protects gamblers.  If you lose your life savings you cannot get your money back. Any class action law suit out there?
I've stayed here twice.. . The FIRST time I came here, I stayed at the Masquerade tower. The AC in the room was the weirdest thing ever. You were either freezing your dick off, or sweating balls. The TV was old and blasted radiation in my eyes. The view was crap. I lost a shit ton of money playing games of the adult variety. . . I said to myself, "Never again!". . My buddy Alex drags me by the collar and forces me at gunpoint to accompany him to Vegas and stay at the Rio. I said "Please sir! I'd rather eat a cowchip before I enter that rathole again!". . After consuming said cowchip (maybe I should've told him I just didn't want to go..), we stayed at the Rio for two of the most unpleasant nights I've ever had since turning 21. . . On the plus side: 600$ from a slot machine!. On the downside: 3 rowdy children screaming at the top of their lungs next door from the hours of 8am-11am. Seriously?? Don't you know that these are the REAL quiet hours in Vegas??
Made reservations here a couple of months ago since I was going to attend the UFC expo. Instead of checking in on Thursday, we checked in on Friday at about 12:30am. Unfortunately, they had no more rooms in the Ipanema Tower. Which is the tower that I preferred to stay in since the rooms are a bit newer and cleaner than the ones in the Masquerade Tower. They only had rooms available on the pet friendly floor which was located in the Masquerade Tower. So I was stuck with that room and even though I told them that my bf and I have very bad allergies to animal fur!!! They couldn't do anything to get us a different room.. . So we were stuck there for one night and were informed that we can change rooms the following morning at 11am. But since I was going to head to the expo at 9:30am I wouldn't be able to do so. I asked them if they can just hold a room for us since we wont be back until late evening since the expo ends at 6pm. I was then told that the latest would be 7pm but then again with the traffic coming back to Rio from mandalay bay, I was not sure that we would make it back in time. So I asked if they can hold the room until 9pm and they couldn't do so. The latest was 7pm. GRRR... I don't understand why they couldn't just hold a room for us since I made reservations or at least check me into a room without having me to be there physically! I could have picked up my card keys after I came back from the expo. But NO! because of this I had to leave the expo early and went back to Rio and check in then go back to the expo! what a waste of time! I have stayed at RIO many times during my stay in vegas but this will be my last time with them! It's about time they switch out their TVs to flat screens and have Pay-Per-View in their rooms. We wanted to watch the UFC 148 in our room by ordering PPV but they don't even have it!!!. . Oh oh forgot to mention, I looked at my credit card statement today and noticed that Rio charged me an additional $200!! I was not sure why I was being charged an additional amount, but when I called Rio they said it was a deposit in case there were any damages done to the room. I thought this was strange as I never encountered any additional charges during my stay at Rio. But after talking to some friends, they did mention that the $200 deposit charge is probably because we stayed in a pet friendly room! So disappointed that Rio never informed me about the $200 deposit upon check in!
First time at Rio - check in at 5 took 20 minutes - now at taxi everyone trying leave Rio - this place suck & will never stay again - I stay cuz of friends - not worth my time or money!!! Stay away if u under 35
This hotel is absolutely HORRIBLE.The hotel was dirty and not nice.I have nothing left to say,this is horrible.Now, I don't know if they renovated it yet, but this is based on 2006-2008.SUCKS!!!DON'T STAY HERE!!!. . . . PROS:. *Fridge in room(For Free Use!!!). *Panoramic Windows. *Big Rooms(600 Sq Ft). . CONS:. *Dirty Rooms. *Outdated. *Not Nice. *Off Strip. *Smoky Casino
Roach spotted in ladies room closest to the Big Seafood Buffet. YUK!
This hotel is a smoker's paradise. Everywhere you go even your room has a hint of smoke. I think they have smoke scented plug-ins.... If someone wants to smoke ok but for all you nonsmokimg individuals who hate to smell smoke, smell like smoke, allergic to smoke STAY AWAY. I do not smoke and felt like I consumed a pack a day. . . Service: RUDE MANAGEMENT,  LIARS WHO DO NOT CONVEY CORRECT INFORMATION.. . Rooms: OK....smoke smell, outdated, 1900 TV, housekeeping does ok job. Hallways dirty, food outside rooms kept there for days.. . SPEND MORE MONEY AND STAY SOMEWHERE BETTER!!!!
Drove hours across the hot desert with a eight-year-old boy dying to jump into the pool, only to be told that the one and only pool at Rio has been reserved for a private event - namely a convention. Sorry, but there was no mention whatsoever on the website, or when we made a reservation, that the pool would not be available. When asked for consideration, the manager brushed us off and offered us the use of a pool that closed in 20 minutes across town. Poor.. . It is not, nor should it be, acceptable to lease out the one and only pool in a desert resort for a private function without at least notifying guests of the inconvenience, and/or offering them a discount. Very unprofessional. . . Coffee maker in the room: great. $8 charge per coffee pod: not so great.. . Cockroach in our 11th floor bathroom: a wonderful reminder of my college days in NYC...not.. . Mattress was torturously saggy. Just like college, except without a door to put underneath.. . Won't be coming back.
We went there for a show on 4/22/12. The representative at the ticket box office was very rude. We were already in line and he told us to go to the back of the line, because he assumed we cut everybody.The need to re-educated staff to provide better customer service.
Wow. I have never had a worse experience at a hotel. I have been a loyal Total Rewards member for many years and have had good experiences with all the Harrah's hotels I've stayed at up until Rio. . . I made reservations at Rio for Fri-Sun and arrived late Friday night/early Saturday morning at 3:30am. Upon arrival, I was told that our room had been given away because the reservation only held until 3am. This made absolutely no sense to me since I had already been charged $80 something to hold my spot for the room. There were about 2-3 other parties at the counter that this also happened to. The manager (Gia) claimed that all their rooms were booked for the night and that if she had a suite or a penthouse she would give it to me but she didn't, which I think was complete BS because the place was totally dead (which is unusual for Vegas hotels even at 3 in the morning).. . So my friends and I left Rio and drove to the strip desperately looking for a place to stay. We went to Harrah's and explained our situation and what happened over at Rio and I am SO HAPPY we did. The lady at the counter was very apologetic (Rio and Harrah's are under the same umbrella) and accommodating. She even told us that, "they're not supposed to give your room away if you reserved it." Her and the manager ended up upgrading us to a top floor suite and lowered the price for us several times.. . Overall, chances are this won't happen to you as long as you don't arrive super late like we did. But if you want a guaranteed good stay with quality customer service, don't stay at Rio.
the rio is an overpriced waste of time and money! The 22 year old building is falling apart and all the ac vents are moldy and blow swamp cooler hot air. For $275 a night you can go anywhere else and be better off. The staff is rude and I consider this to be my worse Vegas decision ever (and there have been a ton of bad decisions haha). The voodoo club sucks, and seriously if you pop the cover off any vent they are covered in mold. Gross.
Very disappointing!  You may get a good rate but beware of all the hidden fees.  If you want to check in before 4, that will cost you 15.00 plus tax! Whenyou get to the room, be prepared to pay for your coffee: $8.00 for three cups.  They have keurig machines so you can avoid this fee by bringing your own coffee.  There is no free wi-fi...that will cost you $15.oo per day.  Do you want a boarding pass for your flight home?  That will cost you at least $5.00 to use their computer and .75 per page to print out your boarding pass. I tried to have room service bring me up some extra paper cups but they said they would have to charge me for them. To top things off, the people who work there are very rude.. I usually stay at the Palazzo or the Venetian.  I tried the Rio because I was looking for an inexpensive room on this trip.  After all of the fees, I ended up spending more money per night at this sub standard hotel than I do at the more plush Palazzo.. . I will not return to this hotel.  It simply was not worth it.  Try the Palazzo and you will be glad you did.
Just stayed here for two nights  and the room was pretty good but when checking out they wouldn't honor a voucher for the stay they had issued and accepted when I had checked in..  Honestly, I still can't believe it. Beware if you stay here and have a deal they might try and pull the old bait and switch on you too. Very shady and I had expected better of Harrahs. They could not have sent a stronger message that they do not value their customers.
After 10 years, I finally had a chance to stay at The Rio.  Such a disappointment.  Check-in was slow.  Show up at 10 min after 4 pm and you already have 35+ people ahead of you.  If you booked through any online travel agencies like Hotels.com or Expedia you need to make sure whoever is checking in (spouse, etc.) is on the reservation confirmation.  Otherwise you would have stood in line for nothing.  They have a strict policy about not letting you check in even if you can show that you and the other person are listed under the same profile.  The hotel is off the strip and situated in a commercial area- lots of dilapidated warehouses and depressed residential area.  Free shuttle to strip comes every 30 min.  Show In The Sky is in the Masquerade Tower and runs between 6 pm and 11 pm on the hour every hour- it's free and they give out colorful beads.  Free passes to Voodoo Lounge before 10 pm is available at the front desk- there are breathtaking views from the hotel rooftop.  Supposedly, they have renovated rooms at the Ipanema Tower- not as tall as the Masquerade but they now have flat screen TVs.  If you want strip view, upgrade is $20 extra/day.  Although renovated, rooms at the Ipanema are not as well maintained as they should be.  Bathroom tiles have mildew, dull granite, shower head is falling apart and full of mineral deposit; tub is stained badly from heavy use that I can't imagine soaking in it.  Drapes are soiled and torn.  There was a bench at the foot of the bed and you can tell it had not been cleaned by the white encrusted spots on the upholstery and not to mention a giant footprint still embedded on it.  I wore sandals the whole time because I was afraid I would get fungus or some kind of bacteria.  Room was still smoky even though it was non-smoking.  The only thing that appeared clean (thankfully) was the  bed.  But even that was not comfortable.  We were initially given a room on the 16th floor but the tub was dirty and stained so I asked for another.  They gave us one on the 5th floor which was more stained than the last.  The rooms on the higher floors seem to be less smoky but elevators take forever to get you to casino level.  Rooms should be $35 because they look like something you'll find in a dirty motel.  There are hotels that go for $49 that may not be as big but are cleaner, renovated, and kept up than The Rio.  But hey, if everything I mentioned  is no big deal to you, book the room.  Or... lower your expectations for this "luxury" hotel... like BIG TIME.
DO NOT BUY ANY COUPON or deal for this hotel, ( ie. Living social / Groupon / etc.) . I purchased (4) at $159.00 each for a group of us to go to Las Vegas. The value of each coupon was for $318.00 each.  Every time, I have tried to book a hotel using these coupons for the past 5 months, that I purchase for $159.00 each, I have been declined for some excuse or another. I have attempted to use these coupons at least six times in the past 5 months. . . Today, I have been on the phone for over 1 hour and 36 minutes so far, trying to get to someone to explain why I can't use the face value of the coupon that I paid for which is $159.00 each. . . I have been told that they have not been paid by Living Social, like the Rio Hotel is going to allow that...yes, and the wheel was invented yesterday. And many other excuse's including moving the date of our families religious event..   . SO DON"T BUY A DEAL FOR THIS HOTEL unless you have excess amount of hours every week to spend trying to book the deal. And customer service is not their concern.
Okay, so the Rio sucks! We are Vegas regulars and aren't really picky but I won't be coming back to the Rio any time soon! First thing was when we checked in, the guy could see we had three kids with us (we were in town for a wrestling tournament being held at the Rio) yet he put us in one of the closest rooms up top by the Voodoo Lounge which is open until 4am! So as we are trying to sleep, we just heard the base of speakers BOOM all f' ing night! And we had kids that needed to be up early to wrestle! Arghhhhh, we were pissed!  Being so tired when I woke up, I thought I would just make some of the "in room" coffee.  Nope, if you want coffee, it costs 8 bucks!  I don't even think Motel 6 does that!  Can you say tacky?!? Second, the elevators suck. It takes 10 minutes for one to get up that high and it takes 10 minutes if you are downstairs so you are screwed either way. Not like you can walk up and down 30 flights of stairs! Third, the rooms are totally dated and not very clean. No one ever came to clean our room during our entire stay.  Fourth, ate breakfast at the breakfast cafe and it sucked.  The food sucked, the prices sucked (16 bucks for a bacon and egg breakfast) and the service sucked.  Fifth, I did spend some time at the tables there and ordered mai tais from the cocktail server.  I had about five of them and they were different every time!  Not one of the drinks I received was an actual mai tai!  Ewwwww.  Oh, and the slot machines suck too.  I probably lost $300 bucks on the stupid slots there.  So tight, didn't hit a damn thing!  Now I'm wishing I would've taken advantage of the free rooms and food I was being offered at The Orlean's.  That would have been a much better option.  If you do stay here, make sure you don't gamble, don't eat, don't drink and request a room on a lower floor away from the lounge unless the crazy boom of a speaker lulls you to sleep at night.
Just not what we expected. Leaky toilet and wallpaper coming of the walls. I called about the toilet and got told to call back. Just pathetic of a major hotel in Vegas.
Stayed at the Rio 11/30/12.  Nice big room, but walls were thin to where you can hear everything going on in other rooms.  Someone was greeting people & discussing money every 2 hours.  Horrible night's sleep.. . BEWARE DO NOT TOUCH the minibar.  My room mate looked in it to see what was there and we were charged 8.65 immediatey  It's pressure sensitive so if you touch it....you bought it.  Even if you didn't take anything.  Coffee is $8.00 for 3 k-cups.. . If you want to check in before 4pm, it will cost you $15.00.. . Carnival buffet is large, but quality is not the same as it used to be.  Ate there on Thanksgiving, nice prime rib and the server carved me a half sliver of the fatty part.  And Thanksgiving turkey was a chopped loaf.  WTF?. . Epitome of "upcharge Vegas".
This place is unorganized,  under staffed,  and the staff they do have doesn't seem to care. Rooms are very clean,  but equiped like an extended stay hotel.  Vegas hotels sperate them selfs by service and this one doesnt seem to have any real service.  This hotel/ Casino is closer to extended stay then a casino resort.  The valet are the most caring on the property and great. I wouldn't stay here again,  and I come to Vegas 4th times a year.
BEWARE! The RIO Hotel staff, managers, supervisors, restaurant manager along with hostess', and their security lack customer service skills and any human skills to be exact. I Just stayed at the RIO Hotel from 12/20-12/23 with a large party of 12 and had booked 5 rooms. Two of our rooms had a breakfast buffet included each morning for the duration of our stay. We attempted to use this the morning after check-in and was given hell at the cashier at the carnival buffet after waiting in line for 1 hr, another 45 min. wasted on incompetent cashier that didn't understand and for the front desk giving her wrong info. After 1 hr. 45 min, my husband aggravated along with 11 others in the group, patiently waiting to finally eat, when the hostess threw our receipts on the ground after telling her to please hurry up and seat us because of the long wait. She deliberately threw the receipts on the floor and ignored our party and deliberately took the party behind us. Upset and beyond shocked on what occurred, my husband started yelling and raising his voice on what occurred. This brought the restaurant assistant manager Abby, came to the scene defending her hostess and wasted no time talking to us, but rather doing nothing except for calling security and refusing our parties service. All we wanted at this point, was an apology, respect and to sit and eat. She said we weren't welcomed and we had to leave and they would refund us our $. After telling security we weren't leaving all we wanted was to be served, they told us to leave. We were escorted out by 2 security guards that had no regard for what happened in the restaurant and chose not to listen to our side of the story only the assistant manager. They lead our group out all the way to the reception desk as if we were drug dealers or had stole something. The head of security, Richard, was the only sympathetic and apologetic person we saw through the whole ordeal. He advised that he had no control over on the restaurant level and that the assistant manager Abby, has the authority to deny service to anyone. He walked back to the restaurant to receive our refund and Richard remained with us the whole time. We asked him to speak to the hotel manager to reflect on what just happened at the carnival buffet and to receive some type of apology.  Pamela Irion, hotel manager came to the scene and very quickly wasted no time to defend  the RIO staff and saw that we were at fault. She basically said they're private owned and showed no regard for what happened. I told her we were expecting an apology and maybe you as a hotel manager would care about the customer and keeping the customer happy for long term business and would offer our party a complimentary alternative. She immediately responded and said that that's not something she would do and refused. At this point, we were disgusted by the whole ordeal and our  stay at the hotel. We left to another hotel to eat and returned back in the evening and at this time walked by the front desk and asked to speak to a general manager, they told us he was on vacation and settled to talk with another hotel manager, Giacomo "Jack" D'Aleo who right Off the bat talked with a tone of voice that us in acceptable claiming that my husband looked at him in a intimidating way and he could understand why the carnival buffet ordeal happened. We were merely having a normal tone conversation and he was accusing us and again had no desire to hear anything from us. After getting no where with "Jack" did he end the conversation abruptly and we walked our way to the rooms. After about 1 hr., seating in my room, I found a knock at the door....a huge security guard along with "Jack," D'Aleo hotel manager, asking to speak with me. I had thought that after leaving him downstairs he came to his sense and was coming to apologize but in fact threatening us that if anything else happens from myself or anyone in my party that our rooms are considered "TERMINATED".......really! All I know after they left my room, did my party and I come to realize that this was all due to DISCRIMINATION, I urge you not to waste your time and $. Paying a little extra $ to stay at a 5-Star hotel to ensure your family a good time is priceless. Just think of it as discounted price = no customer service!
Quite possibly the worst hotel in Las Vegas.. . Starting with a short (for LV) checkin line that takes 45 minutes.  A clerk at the counter who clearly doesn't like her job serves me and my group.  One reservation screwed up, not billing at the same rate as the others in my group, another 20 minutes and a manager escalation to fix it.. . Reach the room, it's raining outside, and the window is leaking, Drip drip.  No rooms available to move.  The carpet wet. Don't walk on the carpet with bare feat either -- their black after a walk around the room.. . Two days later someone else gets keys to my room!  They reset my key, not theirs.  I cant get in my room.  Luckily I knew the people, nothing stolen/damaged.  Getting my key to work takes another day, their equipment doesn't work late at night to issue a key when I realize the key doesn't work.  Security takes 20 minutes to let me in my room.. . In gets better:  my company sponsored a deck party at the pool, goes well, decent food.  Invitations have 12:00 as the shutdown time.  Security starts moving people out at 11.  At 11:30,  a man in a suit starts making threats to the guests and me up to and including calling the police to remove us (these are geeks, it's a tech event and the people aren't roudy - remember they think the event ends at midnight).  I complain.  The person yelling, is the security manager!  He tells me there are "40 police officers outside" and how his job is difficult and he doesn't care about my guests or my business.  $50k my company will never spend again at this hotel - a big investment for a party of this size in Vegas.. . Voodoo lounge party we co-sponsored went off at least went off without a hitch but the same unhappy staff served everyone.  . . Overall the entire experience couldn't be worse.  Probably the worse LV hotel I've ever experienced hands down.  The staffs level of job satisfaction is visibly an indication of a serious problem.. . Won't be staying there again or sponsoring events that are hosted there.
This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever had. They lied to me over the phone, guaranteeing a specific room type, then not providing that room type. Further, the 22-something "supervisor" essentially called me a liar because I could not provide a recording of the call and spoke to me in a very condescending manner.  They made no effort to fix their mistakes, and informed me if I wanted it switched the kind I reserved I would have to come tomorrow in a specific time frame that did not work with my meeting schedule.  I went through great lengths to be there at that time, and they took forever.  They finally put me in the correct room type--in a room with a broken toilet next to a room of Russians cursing loudly all night.  Security was called and did nothing.  Allegedly they sent someone to fix it the toilet, then "left a message" saying I would have to change rooms.  There was no message left and again they called me a liar despite that they could not pull up any message.  I had to change my room at 2am and the room they put me in smelled heavily of marijuana.  Their bell hop insisted he had to come into the room despite me being very uncomfortable granting an angry 50 year old man ranting about how he makes his money and union rules into my room.  When I brought it up with the front desk they dismissed my discomfort saying it was "industry practice" (it is NOT--in fact most hotels would prefer their employees not enter a room with a guest alone.)  Because I would not let the "gentleman" into my room after his aggressive response when I asked if I could load the cart myself and bring it out, I was refused any help with my bags.  When I checked out they refused to sign anything confirming no incidentals had been consumed, saying it was against policy.  Now I see additional and fraudulent charges on my bill.  The customer service at this hotel is the absolute worst I have ever encountered--in any country or hotel I have ever stayed at, including no stars, 1 star-5 star.  Look at other places to stay, and avoid the excruciating experience of dealing with condescending liars and fraudsters who try to cite "industry practices" and "laws" that do not exist.  This entire experience was disgusting and not only will I never stay at the Rio again, I will avoid all hotels under the same management.
The company I work for just had a convention at the Rio and 40 people all got sick with the stomach flu while staying there. I even ended up in urgent care and many had to leave the convention early. On top of this I had made a 2 room reservation a month before the trip and had paid extra to have 2 rooms next to each other only to have them tell me they gave my room away. After complaining to the supervisor about the health issue going on all he could say was "ill pass it along" are you kidding me?!! Oh and to go along with health issues there was blood splattered on the bathroom wall in my room. This was an aweful experience,  Ill never stay here again.
If you don't smoke, don't stay here. One of the smokiest casinos if been in. What happened to the LV clean air act? When the A/C comes on in the room you can still get a strong whiff of smoke coming up from the casino. You won't find me coming back again.
Where do I begin..... Took my fiancee here for her birthday weekend and her first time in Vegas.  My first time at the rio. Our first room was a " nonsmoking " room that reeked of cigarettes, and the shower had lime scale all over the shower head, and mildew in the grout. After complaining to the front desk, we got assigned a new room. Shortly after getting in bed, my fiancee started complaining about an itchy rash all over her legs. So in true hotel impossible style, I tore the bed apart looking for bugs. Didn't find any, but what I found was equally disgusting.  I found not 1 but 4 pubic hairs of neither of our hair colors and a nasty scab stuck to the sheet. Also, there was a puke filled ice bucket in the hall all day. When checkout time came, i told the manager on duty, requested a comp, and he said "sorry, no.  But thanks for telling us about it.  This will be the last time I stay at a harrah's entertainment property. I usually stay south strip and that's where I'll go next time
I stayed here because it was cheap, but was disappointed by a lot about it. There was mold around the bathtub. When I called to tell the front desk, in poor English I was told "We give you 'nother room.". I was already unpacked, and it wasn't worth the trouble. I just don't understand why you don't spray bleach around there and get rid of that.. . Also, it was perhaps the only hotel I've ever stayed at where they have a coffee maker, but the coffee you have to buy. Most hotels have tea and coffee there for you.. . There are other complaints, but it's after midnight right now and I just don't care enough to get into them all.. . Maybe if I win more next time in Vegas, I can afford a fancy suite and a bigger casino.
What used to be a great fun hotel and party place to stay, hang out, get great food and gamble (and even win sometimes), is now like a senior citizen, creaking at the seams and very tired. Room appointments were old. High school style featureless showers and bath, with shower head straight out of the YMCA. Lumpy mattress and a bed that sinks in the middle. Lighting insufficient to make the room comfortable at evening and WIFI that doesn't go beyond 2 bars - insufficient to stream or really have 3-4 windows open. One of the sinks didn't drain and a grumpy plumber arrived who drilled for 30 minutes to get it working. Noisy refridgerator.. . The casino itself is equally aged and featureless. Gone are the stunning hostesses in green outfits... replaced by haggard irritated staff who run around but never someone a drink. Grumpy valets outside want you to pull right up to the bumper of the car in the front of the queue though there is only the two cars in the entire valet section. Front desk check in took 30 minutes. Buffet choices were full of dry meat, oily pastas and potatoes, over sweetened desserts without finesse.. . Needless to say, for the same money (room of $100 a night), right on the Strip, there are now many choices and we won't be back.. . Room Tip: Best tip - don't come to the Rio.
This place is as undesirable as living on the street and I have done that. The carpet has the odor and stains of a cheap motel while the furniture bare similar resemblance to something I left in front of my yard for donation. . . As with anything in Las Vegas, you pay for what you get. . . Next time my buddies want to go to Las Vegas and book the Rio, I will turn them down.
$20 per night hidden fee revealed at check in per night adding $100 to the trip.  Food overpriced at all the hotel restaurants, high prices in the one store.  Non-smoking room has cigarette burns on all the furniture, frayed fabric.  No fan in bathroom, sinks don't drain, fridge doesn't work. Not allowed to bring gatorade in plastic bottle to the pool area so you have to buy more overpriced refreshments inside.  TV/Cable frequently shutting off, as does the $14 per day wifi.  Never again...
I WANT TO GO HOME.. . Checked in Sunday and found myself stuck in line because there was a big convention (and didn't realize that nursing convention visitors could be so rude).  I stood in line for an hour to get my keys.  I will mention the front deskman (Ricky for CA) was suuuper nice and warned us that our room would have some noise overhead from the pool.  No biggie to me.. . After waiting a long time to get our luggage from the bell desk (that includes being on hold for 20 minutes AND THEN waiting for the luggage to come up), we went to the pool to catch some rays.  Poor is nice...not amazing...but this is a Rio so I can't complain..  HOWEVER, I can complain about the state of our room.  The faucets were clogged with what was likely vomit.  We called housekeeping/maintenance (was on hold for 40 minutes before we hung up and called back) and waited again for the maintenance guy to come up.  The sinks in this hotel tend to have this clogging problem per the maintenance guy...and he was spending all day unclogging sinks.  He was also by himself and and this was a 2 person job.  My bf kindly stepped in to help him hold part of the sink so he could attempt to unclog it.  Kind of gross- my bf got sprayed by whatever was in the sink in the process.  After that happened, the maintenance guy called down to the front to ask if we could be moved and "they" said "no" [because they were so behind with the convention].  The maintenance guy left and came back with some other tools but in the end he was unable to fix the sink without "causing a big mess".  We were finally moved to another room- an upgrade!!! i.e. a bigger suite.. . Boy were we STILL in for a surprise.  The room wasn't that bad...until you noticed the small things.  Wallpaper peeling...dirty showers...etc.  And in addition, the hallways smelled like an illegal substance which kept seeping into our room.  To each his own, but I'm not in college anymore and I don't need to have everything smell like pot.. . The people that work here are really nice but the management is selfish and/or probably overworked like everyone else.  I didn't need a suite upgrade- it's not something I feel like I'm entitled to (I would have rather had the stupid resort fee waived or a free dinner if I had to choose).  However, I do expect decent service and decent rooms.  We ALMOST went home early but decided to stick it up.  I'm so annoyed though I am NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN!!!
The only reason this got 1 star is because I haven't found any bugs in the room, yet. We came in for a conference at this hotel and arrived in the morning, with no sleep. I'm not surprised that they first told that check-in is at 4pm, but the front staff offered no help in trying to acquire a room, even after we offered to pay for the previous day, just so we could get a couple hours sleep before the conference started. I hardly believe that a single room at any rate was not available, on a Monday morning. Come back at 12:30 for early check-in was the response. . . We asked if there was any quiet area where we could rest, or somewhere my wife could freshen up to get ready for a meeting. Again, "no" was the answer. The concierge told us we might find something on the second floor. We did. A cold stone bench. What kind of hotel doesn't have comfortable seating for relaxing, waiting, small group meetings, discussions, etc.? Well, this one.. . After taking no more than 30 minutes of the stone bench, we left. We came back at 12:30 and checked-in to a long line. Early check-in is $20 plus tax extra. Internet, found free in most every hotel in the world, is also extra.. . I was under the impression that all rooms were suites. This is not a suite but a single large square room. There is a TV (that you cannot see from the bed) and minibar opposite the window, bed and couch occupying the remaining walls. There is a small alcove with dresser, safe, and a sink to vomit in outside the simple nondescript bathroom which could have come from a Motel 6. The Motel 6 quality continues to the bed, a squeaky overly firm king size with so-so sheets, no bedspread,  a depressed center, and hard foam pillows smelling of cigarette smoke.. . I opened the minibar to insert a soda which I had earlier purchased to get cold again. Within 15 minutes a maid appeared with a milk crate and proceeded to empty the entire contents and drag it away. Her stated reason was that their contents was being altered with different brands. She also stated that there was a sensor in the minibar that alerted staff that it was being used and we would be automatically charged for it's use.  WTF? . . I do not wish to be unfair to Motel 6, but there, you don't expect a JW Marriott, here you do. What you get here is a Motel 6 with a casino under it. It's redeeming quality is that the Gold Coast is next door and you and go there for the inexpensive breakfast.
I see there are 3 stars on the main page here for the Rio?  Go some where else!! called around 12 to get room cleaned...  we went to pool @ 10 am. called at noon. still at 2:30 pm no room service. You know! never was a big Vegas fan! now?  i don't get it? what is the big deal? I have been on cruise's that take better care of customers!!  What happens in Vegas is all hype!!!  I can do better and will.
Paid for an unlimited wristband and it ended up being a complete waste of $70 to those who are already VIP members at the hotel. The gaudy manager who goes by the name Art Pepper gave awful service to guests. His tone of voice was uncalled for. The cashier with bad makeup who goes by the name "Sasha" gave a snarky attitude to the guests as well. They need to reevaluate the way they treat their guests at this hotel. I can get better service at a Burger King drive-thru.
You'd have to pay me to get me to come again. Pros. Spacious rooms. . Cons. Poor customer service. Tacky decor. Nickel and dime charges. Unprofessional dealers. . The room was big and clean. That's all that I expect, that's what I got. Every other part of my experience was a disappointment. Some stories from my 3-day stay:. . Where's my toothpaste?. My toothpaste was confiscated at the airport, so I called housekeeping for some toothpaste. I waited for one hour, then I went to sleep (this was at 12am). I woke up at 4am (jetlag) and went downstairs to gamble. Along the way, I ask the front desk to get me some toothpaste. They call it a "dental kit", as they don't give individual tubes of toothpaste. After a couple of hours I head back to my room and lo and behold, there's a bag hanging on my doorknob! It's...new bedsheets, no toothpaste. I call housekeeping again and 20 minutes later, I finally get my toothpaste. Third time's the charm, right?. . Haha, you lost your money. I was playing blackjack with a couple of other strangers and we were all losing. One guy decides to bet big and puts down $400. Great, he gets a 20! But oh no, the dealer gets 21. :( Okay, no big deal, it's not the dealer's fault. But then she says, "Haha" and takes his chips. Wow. Really? Seriously? We are already losing hundreds of dollars, we're feeling kinda crappy, and to be funny you say "haha"? Wow. Thanks for that. Listen, we know we're playing a losing game. We know the house could easily get blackjack. But, when you are on the winning end and we are on the losing end of the odds, you don't mock the player and rub it in their face. Shortly after that I left the table and didn't play another round of blackjack at the Rio.. . How dare you ask the Concierge desk for help!. As I was happily leaving the Rio, I asked them what time the shuttle service to the Strip started. The gentleman at the front desk took one look at my bags and said, "Oh, they won't let you on with their luggage." Seriously? Okay, I asked, what are my options. He literally shrugged, told me to walk or get a taxi and went back to his work on his computer. Not a single follow up comment. This was at 9:30am and there was no one else in line for help.. . Others. There's a Chippendale's Dancing Theater, which adds to the less-then-classy atmosphere, and very disparate decor. You have the luxurious Whopper Bar to treat you to your Burger King obsession. They also charge $13 per day per device for internet. Really? Is this the 1990's, where wi-fi is a fancy technology? . . I may never go back to Vegas. But if I do, it will not be at the Rio.
As others have said, wish there was  no star.  I have stayed on and off over the years, at the Rio since  they first opened in 1990 it was really a fun up beat place. now its a has been washed up waiting to be sold dirty dive.  Too many nice places in the same $$ bracket to throw your money away on this has been.  First the rooms are just worn out and dirty.  From my bed I could see two french fries under the sofa.  I don't eat french fries....ooo eeeuuuu.  The ceiling the the shower is peeling .  There were many stains in the carpet i never took off my flip flops.  The buffet is $30 and it is nothing but a bunch of frozen food yuck and double yuck! .  I sat by the pool for three days and not once was I able to get drink service at the pool The girls chatted with themselves and waited on men and  people who rented the  cabana , but not women alone.  It got so bad other single women in my area noticed it too.  The only way we could get a drink was to walk to the bar and pick it up ourselves.  I moved to different sections each day to see if it mattered it didn't.  I guess they figured if they could flirt they would be able to make  more money so they wrote me off.  Horrible or shall I say non existent service pool side. . . I arrived around 11 am and was told i  could not check in till 1 pm so ok, I returned then got  to stand in  a line that took 35 minutes for me to be able to check in and get a room.   Customer service is not important here at all.. . As I said there are just too many good hotels in the same price bracket for anyone to go here.
I would not stay here again.  although the rooms are quite large it feels old they need some serious remodeling felt like i was in the 70's but that's not the worse of it they are so cheap.. . There's no WiFi- Big NO NO.    extra charge for it and often gave us problems.. . The toilets flush so loud... too loud!  . . they give you this cheap little shampoo maybe a cream and soap that's it, not all the standard things you get at most hotels like shower caps, I use My shower cap every time at a hotel.  especially Vegas you spend so much time straightening your hair you don't want to get it wet right before heading out for the evening. . . coffee and tea always in every hotel I've stayed at.  It's there for you to make for your self this hotel in the mini bar you have to  pay for it WTH!!!!???? . I don't get a breakfast , a buffet, a shower cap,WiFi, NOTHING! the least they can give me is some damn tea in my room, . . We payed all that money to stay there no deals no discounts so disappointed!
$14 a day for internet service in the room is an insult. $3 for a soda from the vending machine is an insult.
I've been coming to the Rio for the past three years during the WSOP -- I will not be coming back. The first night we checked in and made it up to the room at around 1 am. Unfortunately our safe was not working. Even more unfortunate, neither was the door latch to our room. During the night, while sleeping, we were robbed of $700 cash. The next day we spoke to a manager about the incident and we were basically told it was our fault, that we didn't close the door properly, and that we should have reported that the safe was broken before we went to bed. Sure, the manager had some valid points, but he offered no help, gave no apology, and showed not a trace of empathy. It made me think this is a very common occurrence at the Rio. If you want to stay safe and keep your money losses at the tables, stay away from the Rio.
The place is not well kept at all. The first hotel room we stayed in, we had to move out of after one night. I called the front desk and asked to be moved and was asked why? There were several reasons, tile was missing from the floor in the bathroom (actual chunk of tile missing), the safe didn't work, the front door lock (the security one you can flip closed) didn't lock, the wallpaper in the bathroom was gross and faded from water splatter (maybe wallpaper doesn't belong in a bathroom if you can't upkeep it!), the shade for the lamp was all wonky because it had been bent back into place instead of just replaced, the shower barely put out enough water to get the soap out of my hair, and there was a weird spot (blood?) on the ceiling above the bed. All in all, it was like a cheap motel 6. Sure we could have "upgraded" to the samba rooms that just were remodeled for extra $$ per night. The rooms we stayed in were not the older rooms, they were the rooms that have been redone in the last few years but obviously not up kept. . . The hotel did move us rooms, but still had issues, The security lock on the door still didn't work. Also, we were there for a conference and apparently the boilers they have for hot water are insufficient because good luck getting a warm (let alone hot) shower during normal shower times because it won't happen. The hotel is also in need of a good scrubbing, the light fixtures shouldn't be hairy with so much dust.... Ick!
I stayed here during the Defcon convention.  I was is room 1979.. . A friend and I shared a room.  We got checked in ok and thought everything was good until the next day when I tried to shower and the handle came off the wall into my hand.  I immediately called down (1:30PM) and was told someone would be up.  I went downstairs, grabbed something to eat, went to a few talks, and went back to my room at 5 to find the shower was still not working.  I called down again and was told someone would be there "in 15 minutes"  I waited around until 6 and went to dinner.  I came back to my room at 8:30 and the shower was still not working.  I called down a 3rd time and spoke to the 'Operations manager" who said she would have it taken care of.  I told her they have permission to enter as I just want the damn shower fixed.  When I came back to my room around 4 AM the shower was finally fixed.  . . Why did it take 3 phone calls to have the shower fixed when it should have been working in the first place?
My wife and I went to Rio for a short vacation. This hotel is run down and not what it used to be. First Rio does not have the show above the ceiling. Which I use to enjoy watching. That is sad=T. . Customer service is not good either. The first room we had had a wet carpet floor, so the front desk gave us another room. Room 664 did not have soap etc. I had to call front desk to get soap. The hotel is outdated and needs new carpets. . Upon checkout we had to pay a resort fee of 18 dollars per night plus a 12% tax rate which could not be waived. Even though the rooms for two nights is suppose to be comp. There were no signs , front desk did not even tell us there is a resort fee , etc. What is the point of a free couple of nights at Rio if you still have to pay for a resort fee. Complimentary means free not HIDDEN FEES!  . . To put this in perspective .... The Gold Coast Casino which is next door DOES NOT charge you a dime when they give you complimentary nights. Gold Coast staff is friendly, have good restaurants open late at night, and provides shuttle services. And oh yeah...they have signs all over the front desk telling you there is a resort fee of 9.99 per night so you are aware of the fees. . . The good:. They have a free shuttle that takes you to the strip every 30 minutes until 1am. Hotel is outdated but is in ok condition.. . The bad:. Resort Fees are hidden.. Not friendly front desk.. Not not on the strip.. Hotel is out dated.. No good places to eat late at night in the hotel except Burger King (Yuk!).. . Would I stay here again? No way! I rather pay alittle more for a better hotel.
I never want to stay in this bed bug infested crap hole again. Line to check in took over 3 hours. Awful, just awful.
BEWARE OF HIDDEN CHARGES!!! $21/per night automatic for Internet and 'resort access' (to use sauna, even if you don't use either you will be charged)! Long distance call is $12, even if you call and no one answers. If you do use the Spa, they round your charges... They do not charge your actual receipt amount. The front desk is unable to adjust charges even if you have receipts that prove the charge has been altered (rounded).. . The rooms were nice but don't believe your getting a deal, they will steam roll you with HIDDEN CHARGES!
It may have been nice when new but its far from it now. If your a smoker this is the place for you. I felt like Id smoked a pack between parking my car and checking in at the front desk. Don't arrive early because they up charge you to check in an hour early.($22) Then of course you need to also pay for the resort fee, another $22. Even if you don't use any of the so called resort. Half the shops are closed or close to it, even one of the Starbucks of the lobby. Dirty, tired the place is past its prime. Even for free I would never step foot inside again. Dump is the 4 letter word that best describes this place.
Awful, the sports book is old and the people working here are all rude as can be. Was only person sitting at bar watching game... Bartender changes channel of game... Tells me "his bar his rules." Awful experience. Just play somewhere else.
Huge Disappointment - $20 per day for a resort fee that does not offer much is a bit of a sham.   . We stayed in one of the ue  rooms and I would agree with others about the shower being terrible and the room having a musty smell.   You can see that the vents have not been cleaned out in quite some time.  . The worst part is that we could not get any sleep until after 2 am due to the music ( or I should say the same beat repeating over and over) from the Voodoo lounge filling our room and shaking our walls.  . We called the front desk to change rooms and were told that no rooms were available.  The manager was supposed to call us which never happened. When we checked out the hotel thought that removing the resort fee was good enough.  After explaining that we had paid for a room that we were supposed to get some sleep in which did not happen the front desk was willing to remove an additional $20.  Wow - hold me back.  Needless to say we are not coming back.. FYI  - stay off floor 35 of the masquerade tower.
Horrible experience staying here. We are in Vegas often, this was the first and last time I've stayed here. Staff was rude. Rooms are outdated dirty and not like the pics. They're called suites but are not very suite like. The room was dirtier after housekeeping than before. All in all terrible experience. Stay elsewhere!!!!
Worst service in Vegas. Dealers tried to take valid winnings multiple times, this has never happened to me in Vegas and it happened here 4 times in 3 days. The cashier staff ignored regular players and only serviced their "elite" for a good half hour, this included laughing and comments when one of us dared go near the only windows open. Cashier manager "Donna" was no help clearly if you are not a regular loser here you don't count.. . After a half hour of being treated like dirt she had a third window open, how kind of her.. . After I complained, she instructed her staff that they should alternate and not ignore regular guests. Mind you this advice comes in October of 2013 and they have  been open for how long??. . Room was old an dated. Housekeeping was sloppy and often left items in the hallway right after they "cleaned" the floor. My girl friend tripped over something left by our door, not ours mind you, just left by our door. Had to wheel her to airplane she couldn't walk. . . And most confusing only Pepsi?? Of course if your an alcoholic you can choose from multiple brands of booze.. . All in all stay away, the rooms are dated, the staff is rude, management doesn't seem to care.
Terrible Service and no Coca Cola?? Cashier's treat non platinum members like dirt, dealers try to take valid bets, housekeeping well pretty close to an urban legend.
Rio wasn't what it used to be. . . Pro: has 3 swimming pools that are kid friendly (meaning that they are shallow). . Cons: . -bed was very uncomfortable. -water head in the shower was set to conserve water...which is fine but the way it sprayed out it actually made showering longer!. -elevators were super slow . AND there's no complimentary WiFi Seriously?! In this day and age you can't offer free wifi?!
The room was not ready at check in, and was not ready until an hour after check in time. Once in the room, it was learned that what they call a deluxe suite is just a standard room.  The manager actually told me they call it deluxe vs standard because it draws more people.  The sink faucet was broken and the toilet paper holder fell off the wall. Plus a 20.00 per night sur charge for internet, phone, and fitness center (didnt use any of these services). . A true disappointment.
The only thing that I enjoyed about this Hotel/ Casinois the buffet. Oh, and their roof-top party which offers a beautiful view. Other than that, they'll never get my money ever again. Customer Service is TERRIBLE ! Their HIDDEN fees are BS. They charge you for either (1) services that you don't intend on using or (2) Services that they can't even deliver: Wi-fi. I spent over an hour on the phone with their Tech Support trying to fix the issue with unsuccessful outcome, it never worked. No one followed up yet they were quick enough to add an additional $22.50/ per night .. . Unless you're really old, only plan on staying in--ONE--casino, and enjoy the smell of cigarette [third hand smoke], then stay here. (This hotel is so old that cigarette smoke is all you smell.. it's trapped in their carpet.) Otherwise, I'd  much rather pay a few bucks more and stay on the strip at a newer hotel.. . Although it's not located too far off the strip, expect to pay about $20/one way to the strip, and $30 to the airport. Sure they provide shuttles, but it's not always convenient, trust me! Sometimes you want to just jump on the cab and get to your destination.
Extremely racist, had a horrible experience of my wallet being stolen at a club & Hotel Manager Maria Mendoza was far from accommodating. They wouldn't let me in my room to get my things & I had to sleep in the lobby. Minutes later I was harassed and told to go outside at 5am after fully prepaying for my room for 3 days 2 nights. Mind you it's 50 degrees outside.... This use to be one of my favorite hotels? Will never stay here again!!!!
I was accosted and harassed by hookers so many times I lost count. Was pick pocketed and scammed in the elevator. There is no security making sure that only guests are going to the floors like most other hotels here have. When I checked in the first room has literally every piece of furniture damaged and first thing I see is a roach scurry across bathroom. Oh and the concave sagging bed. I complained and was switched to a much nicer but smaller room. When I complained about the hookers in the elevators and pick pocketing I was told "welcome to Vegas" and the apologetic staff stated that there was nothing they could do for me or about the problems.
I was just here there is a virus goggle it they won't tell anyone any they are acting like it is not true we just saw. It on cnn an bolted !!! They are not admitting it and they actually took 16 by ambulance with over 100 sick !! Stay away
Never Again.  See Exhibit A. . http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2013/dec/02/health-department-norovirus-caused-100-sicknesses-/. . Most of my family contracted the norvovirus while at the Rio over this last weekend.  Now, I understand that the Rio isn't to blame for all of this.  However, the way that they handled the outbreak was so classless and cheap that I will never patronize this hotel again. . . My boyfriend and I got sick Friday night and assumed it was food poisoning.  However, then my sister, who hadn't ate with us, got sick on Saturday morning.  I noticed that the cleaning staff had started wearing medical masks that morning as well.  Finally, because we were all sick in bed, we saw this story on CNN and called down to the hotel.  They confirmed the virus and said it didn't make sense to leave because we were already sick and contagious.  The hotel didn't issue a statement until Saturday afternoon.  The hotel had known that these kids who spread the virus were sick as of Friday morning.  . . The Rio took steps to notify and protect their staff before their guests.  Had we been given the information earlier, we very well may have left before we were able to get sick.  It absolutely ruined our trip.  Even after you're down with the stomach flu portion of the virus, you are incredibly tired and achey for the next day or so after.  So, we weren't really able to leave the hotel.  . . Further, the Rio was absolutely rude about extending our check out time.  Our plan had been to check out on Sunday, leave our stuff in my mom's room, and go to the strip until our flight at 5.  My boyfriend was still pretty bed bound Sunday morning.  I asked the hotel for a check out extension because we were sick with this stomach flu and couldn't really leave thehotel.  They would only extend it for a short time and said I had to come down in person for an extension until 5.  I explained to them that I had minimal sleep and needed to shower and really didn't feel like hiking it to reservations - they wouldn't budge.  I showered and went downstairs and the lady in reservations was so unpleasant.  Her exact words to me were "I don't see what your issue could be, you already have late check out." . . Lastly, the Rio never offered any kind of compensation for the hassle we went through.  Now I know they don't have to, but they were fully aware of how awful this virus is and knew the guests who had it wouldn't be able to enjoy their stay.  Hotels give out rooms and gambling credits like candy in Vegas.  It would have been the classy thing to do.  . . My advice - stay away.  Far away.
Absolutely no good! Richard Tenhet a manager at Rio is very unprofessional on handling situation. He needs more training on handling customer service. I can't believe Rio hires a person like Richard Tenhet who was not able to calm himself down in front of the guest. No smiles on his face and no suggestions on how things can be better. Because of that I will never ever recommend Rio to my friends and family. Worst experience service I ever had.
I am staying here on a business trip.  Not your normal sleep all day party all night Las Vegas trip.  My company booked the room for me.  Recently my wallet was stolen from me, and so my drivers license went along with that.  My employer was sure to tell whom ever he booked the room with that this was anissue.  The person told him that it was fine as long as the paper the DMV gave me had my D.O.B. on it, in which it does.  I arrived in Vegas around 2pm and went directly to my employment to establish my job and duties.  I did not arrive to check into my room until around 11pm.  . . The staff was quite rude!  The first guy I delt with was not, he just did not have the authority to allow me to check in with out proper ID which contained a photo to prove I am who I am.  The manager did ok my check in, however she told me I am not allowed anywhere on the gambling floor.  Please, I am beautiful, but I do not in any way look under 21yrs of age.  My reply to this was simply, Im not here to gamble, Im here to sleep at that it.  (Mind you, I've been out on that gambling floor!). . Now comes the cleaning staff.  THEY STEAL FROM YOU and when you bring it up to the front desk, they TREAT YOU LIKE POOP!  I raided the mini bar, yes ... yes I did.  I ate a container full of chips, a twix candy bar and ONE can of diet coke.  It was there, it was convenient and so I grabbed it.  The next night, I remembered that there was still one diet coke left so I didn't stop at a gas station to purchase on.  When I got to my room the second diet coke was gone.  I called down to the front desk to inform them that the cleaning crew had jacked a diet coke and I will eat on my dime, I will NOT pay for the cleaning personnel to eat on my dime! The person I spoke with on the phone pretty much told me I was going to be paying for this diet coke because Im the one who drank it.  Im sure they do get this type of situations all the time and thus the poor attitude in handling the situation however some people are honest.  Take a step back and look at how much you pay your employees, the person stole from me.  . . This is a round about decent hotel.  It is dated and does show its age, however the floor and entertainment is pretty cool.  They have some rather neat shops inside and thats really all I've had any time to check out.  They do offer WiFi, but you have to pay $13.00 PER DAY for it.  Im staying a week, there is no way  Im going to pay that much per day which makes it hard to perform business.  They should be offering some sort of deal for persons actually on business and not play.  Also, I know that you are allowed to smoke inside of casinos, but it smells so disgusting inside.  Like a stale old dirty bar.  Its gross.. . Im so displeased with the way that I have been treated by staff that I can not give the any higher rating that one star.
They call this a suite... no microwave, they have a coffee maker, BUT... the coffee for the coffee maker is $8 in the mini bar.  Really.. I paid a $20 + resort fee, plus the room and now you want $8 for the coffee.... . No good, don't expect me to spend money in your casino if you nickel and dime me in the room.
Horrible hotel, shitty casino, really bad customer service. Internet sux, tv sux, people sux. Never again will I stay at this casino.
Rio's management is horrible. We were place in a suite that's above a restaurant and we can smell fry foods coming out of the  restaurant vent. The worst part is the manager doesn't think it's a big deal. All  our clothes smell like fried foods. I will never book a room at this dump again.
