It took 30 minutes to get a water; I didn't even notice if I enjoyed the food I ate because I was so pissed at the crappy service.  It smelled great, but I can enjoy that smell by walking by and avoid the headache.
I've had high hopes for this place.  It was NOT good.  The milkshake was not great, our entrees were just OK (we had brunch) and the pizza I've been waiting for was better when I made it at home myself  using store bought pizza dough and nutella.  I'm sorry, but just a warning......way over rated.  The best thing I ate was the chocolate covered pecans they were handing out as a sample.  I love chocolate so I thought this place would be my Disneyland, but I don't know if I'll ever give it a second chance.....but like Beiber says, "never say never..."
Came in for restaurant week at lunch.   The food was ok, had the caeser salad, the burger, and the pizza..... Service had been horrible.  The servers were surprised to see that the apps had arrived, the suckoo didn't have the burner lit.... And we're currently waiting go if the pizza.. Only been 30 minutes sincewe finished the entrees.
We got a chocolate pizza and a chocolate chip cookie after reading the reviews, what a disappointment! I would give no stars but we did get them at their hallway window place so not sure how long they were sitting under the warming lights. We wanted to throw them away but for the price we were eating those suckers.
Poor service. I ordered food with 4 friends and my food never came. I was reassured by our server that the food was on it's way, but I eventually cancelled my order because my friends were finishing their meal. How long does it take to make an omelet? Clearly, my order was lost in the disorganization. Is this the type of over priced restaurant you want to support with your hard earned money?. I'm a local and will never be back nor will I bring my guest to this place.
Don't come on a Saturday night at 11:50pm they will not seat you. Very poor customer service.
Desserts here are ok. Not Worth the Price. Been here 3 Times. . The choc Pizza is sooooo dry & nice to Look at but a Big disappointment.
This review is not about their food, we didn't even make it that far. The one star is for their policy against sharing. . . We went to the Caesars for Restaurant week knowing there would be many restaurants there participating. My group consisted of 2 adults and a child. None of us were particularly hungry so we ordered one lunch off the Restaurant week menu and a mac and cheese. The waitress said that we could not share so I told her we were not going to share. After talking to her manager she came back to question what my boyfriend would be eating and after he responded that he would just be nibbling off mine she again told us there was a strict no sharing policy and that sharing would not be allowed. So we went to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill instead where they had no policy against sharing.. . I was very disappointed with Max Brenner and do not understand the purpose of such policy.  Isn't the primary point of Restaurant Week to support fighting hunger in Las Vegas? The policy feels like they are primarily using Restaurant week to help themselves. In addition, we went during brunch and the restaurant wasn't even busy.
Let me Start whith the pros: choc choc Funde for 2 was Great . Drinks are excellent even they are tiny but still Good. The Cups Look Great & the Design is really cool. . Service was ok. We didnt tried the Food we just tried Few Drinks. & Desserts. . . The cons. Def. The Price. Way to High. .  Waffle were a joke. Tasted like the microwave crappy ones you get from cheap coffee shops. Booooo. Shame on you for that prices. . The pizza was dry very dry & Too thick. I just Took 2 Bites & i was done. I didnt ordered a Whole just a slice.  Maybe the Whole One would be fresh?????. . The choc cake Lava cake i think was dry & i really didnt like the lavors. . The churros wer Not fresh. Reheated for that Price they better be fresh. . . Would i go back. No i dont think so. There are so Many other Great Joints in Vegas.  . . For that prices i expect fresh & i mean fresh prepared Not reheated microwaved desserts. But Thats maybe just me.
Absolutely.... Worst. Service. Ever.. . My friend and I came on a weekday night for some simple chocolate fondue with fruit. This order doesn't seem like it would take long to make at all. And considering that there was barely anyone in the restaurant, we thought our order would come out even faster. . . Wrong. We waited 40 minutes for the waitress to come back again just to tell us that our order would be late (we weren't in a rush to leave that night). She told us because some kids upstairs were making chocolate pizzas, so our order had to be late. . . What? Chocolate pizzas? . . How long does it normally take for our fondue to come out? She told us 15 minutes... But how come no one told us after 15 minutes? Then she just stood there and shrugged, no sorrow in her face at all. . . We got up and left. Never to come back again. Chocolate pizzas were just way too important for the staff here.
Never thought I would ever give sweet places such as Max Brenner this bad of a review.  I went in for brunch and I asked for upstairs seat.  For some reason, the hostess didn't like this idea and told me there'd be 20+ mins. wait.  It was weird because the upstairs was almost empty.  We were finally seated after several other people came after us were promptly seated (w/o reservation).   hmmmmm....ok.... We ordered the omelette and club sandwich.  The omelette was the main reason for the one star.  How can anyone mess up an omelette?  It tasted funny....kinda sour and weird aftertaste.  I couldn't manage more than couple bites.  Only thing I enjoyed was the biscuit and its chocolate syrup. . With so many delicious places in Vegas, I would never go back to Max Brenner in Vegas.
israeli chocolate? enormous hype; nothing special about it---it is chocolate! chocolate pizza is kind of nausea-inducing.  hot chocolate presentation replete with drinking instructions is just not worth it.  take a few steps beyond, to cheescake factory for a fix.
Dinner was horrible! Service was horrible! HORRIBLE experience!! Never Again!
I don't know how this place has 4 stars, maybe drunk people.  The food was bad, really bad, the service mediocre.  My son did love the chocolate shake.  The waiter spilled tomato sauce on my white puffy coat (brand new of course), he said sorry but that was about it.  I asked the manager for the cost of dry cleaning to be taken off the bill, she comped the dinner , which was $40.00 for a sandwich a child's Mac n cheese and a shake.  Also ridiculously overpriced.
Yuck. Total waste of money. Based on reviews bought two chocolate chip cookies at $5 a piece. Got back to the hotel all excited for a late night treat and was disappointed. Cookies were hard!!  Overlooked!!  Crunchy!!!  Could not even eat them. You are better off going to McDonald's and buying those at 3 for a $1.00, truth! We did the next night (tonight) and they baked them on the spot. We got soft and warm cookies cheap and a million times better than this places boo boo.. . No complaints about service. Nice peeps, but that doesn't make up for crappy, rock hard cookies.
Over priced. Poor service.  Small portions.  Smells are deceiving.
This is a terrible place with terrible service. The menu is insanely huge in a bad way. It makes Cheescake Factory's menu seem focused. . . They seemingly know nothing about chocolate. The ganache was grainy and overly sweet. More like Hershey's syrup. The "toffee" was beige corn syrup. The chocolate pizza is three times more unappetizing looking than it sounds. . . The place was EMPTY but we still waited almost 10 minutes to sit. There was a line out front that was completely ignored. . . Overall, an absolutely astounding experience.
It was very tasty, but the resulting food poisoning makes me never want to eat there again.. . The last thing I wanted for my birthday was to be stuck in my hotel for 2 days throwing up.
Had the chocolate cake and the banana waffle.  The waffles were bland, the bananas were not caramelized and I could have made better at home.  I only finished it because it was $15.  The cake was also dry and the best part, the ice cream was such a small amount it was almost not worth putting on the plate.  Save $40 and just go to the gelato stand outside.
