Did not stay there but wanted to bring the kids to see the pirate show.   Our daughters 7 and 9.    This is not a show for kids at all.   Well at least the one side.   You couldn't see both sides at the same time.  One side has the boat that arrives with the pirates on it and the other side is all the hoe'd up girl pirAtes all dancing like they were in a strip club.    Just really inappropriate for kids which was a shame
Bad service sums up the experience.  You would think customer care would be elevated for guests staying at the hotel but that was not the case.  I experienced much better service and attitude from the staff at every other hotel except the one I was staying at, the Treasure Island.  (1) Spa massage expierence: mediocre, good massage, less than gratituatous/helpful front desk in several ways, (2) Sports bar tenders acted as if I was sitting down only for a free drink and treated me with their best ahole personalities [seeing as I spent many hundreds on food, gambling, their Cirque du Soleil show, the room, and the spa], (3) Check in: very long wait, (4) Ropes hanging down in front of your window to be used by facility's staff without warning/notice is normal as explained by multiple hotel reps, (5) to have champagne glasses sent to your room costs $10 + $4 service fee [glasses in their general store are $9 except you have to dress and go down and buy them], (6) Starbucks there doesn't take Starbucks gift cards, (7) etc etc etc.  Go somewhere else if you want more than a handful of employees to act as if they give a damn about being in the hotel service industry...  Mystere was great though.
My wife and I stayed here recently with both of our kids thinking it would be great for a family.  We don't mind paying alittle extra for amenities that make our stay nicer and the hotel claims to be 4 star. Not that this review will be long winded but if you want a four star hotel this is far, far from it.. . It was a one night stay so what could go wrong?  The room we were given was a standard room with two beds.  When I travel my biggest wish for a hotel, any hotel, is that it is clean.  Our room had serious cleaning issues: backed up sink, black mold in the shower, black marks on the walls, closet and corners and a bug casing on the wall.  I called down to the front desk and complained so they upgraded our room to a strip view room.  The room was basically the same but with a small window with a view of the strip.  . . We had dinner in the hotel at Canter's which was very good. We returned to our new room to find new problems.  We were missing shampoo and bath towel so I had to call housekeeping. Just before retiring, I set up my laptop on the desk to find a sticky syrupy red mess on top the glass top. YUCK! Didn't know what it was but I cleaned it up so I could get to bed. Then my wife comments we are missing pillow cases. Half of the pillows didn't have pillow cases.  In all of my travels I have never seen this. . . We enjoyed parts of the hotel (the pool, show and shops) outside of the rooms but we would never return due to the cleanliness of the rooms.
Shady hotel springs a bs $20 mandatory "resort" fee at checkin for menial services I won't even use and they advertise the fitness center but it's another $17 to use a jacuzzi... what a joke be up front in the room costs don't slide in mandatory fees as a means of bringing in revenue.  Even if my next stay in vegas is at a more expensive hotel I would be okay with that as long as these shady checkin charges weren't assessed.
When my sister got married in Vegas last year and we stayed here I absolutely loved it, especially the spa. . .  So, I went and booked my sister and her husbamd a vacation package through Ti and added on a few things.  One of the items I added was a helicopter tour that in the end was canceled.  I have been fighting to get my refund ever since.  I called the 1-800 number and was told to send an email with the confirmation code and that I would be receiving an email response within a day and a refund in 30 days.. .  I have sent over 100 emails and received absolutely no response.  I have called the 1-800 number again and again and was told that I have to call during their open hours, since I am in California that would mean during work hours, which I can't do.  So, here I am writing my first negative review for any business in hopes that I can save someone from a disastrous experience.
Don't stay here if you're going to complain about the rooms. Although "occupyable", very trashy atmosphere (our room was nice and didn't feel the same inside as trashy as it was outside. small bathtub though). Staff is pleasant, room service is great, even though this place is packed with tourists and touristy attractions. They even have a "cubic zirconia diamond shop"! CUBIC ZIRCONIA? NOW you KNOW you're in the wrong hotel. My dogs don't even wear cubic zirconia, please, I might turn green. They do sell swishers individually and in packs on the casino level, this comes in handy! Invaded with tourists and touristy attractions, don't forget that. The boat show? Way too touristy.
I've stayed at New York, New York, the Aladdin, the Golden Nugget, Planet Hollywood, and T.I. This is my LEAST FAVORITE. Had a decent room with a nice view of the strip and the show outside, but it was LOUD, too bright, and there was mold in the grout in my bathroom. Also, the bathroom was something I would expect to find at a Best Western. Definitely the cheapest bathroom of the places I've stayed. In fact, my bathroom is a LOT nicer at home. Felt like I took a step down staying at this place. Hate the location. I could go on. This place is way overpriced for what you get.
Like most Las Vegas hotels, a big rip off. They charge you for everything, including access to the gym and internet access.. . This place sucks.
How does this hotel have a four star rating? At the most, this hotel is maybe 3 1/2 stars. . . I got fooled into booking this place through Priceline. I really wanted to stay at the South end of the strip because I usually stay there. When Priceline didn't want to accept my original bid, I decided to expand my search to the North end, thinking that maybe I'd get Caesar's Palace or the Mirage. Nope, I got stuck with Treasure Island. Just great.. . There's only two positive things I can say about the hotel so I'll get those out of the way:. 1. If you want to be close to the Fashion Show Mall and the Venetian/Palazzo, it's right across from both places. . 2. I had a perfect view of the strip and could see that outdoor Sirens show from my room.  It was a neat to see fireworks from my bed.. . Now the bad stuff:. 1. The $22.50 resort fee. The only good thing about that was that it included the WiFi fee which would've been $15 a night. All the other crap it included like the 2 for 1 stuff was useless to me because I was staying by myself. And $20 credit for my next stay? Puh-lease.. 2. Check in begins at 11 AM. I have stayed at so many different hotels in Vegas and this is the first place I've been to where they've enforced that. I've gone to the Palms at 9 AM and they've had a room ready for me. I got there at 10:15 AM and was waiting in the wrong line for 10 minutes until someone told me where the check-in line was (which wasn't marked at all). I sat down on the carpeted floor for about 40 minutes until the line started moving. There must've been at least 30 people in line by then and there were only 2 staff members checking people in. . 3. Small room. Not a huge flat screen TV. Bathroom needs more handles in the shower/tub. (I work in the travel/hospitality industry, I know this stuff). 4. Housekeeping sucks. I left the "service please" sign on my door when I left my room for brunch and when I came back to my room about six hours later, my room was left unlocked with the deadbolt sticking out. There wasn't a service cart around the hall either so I don't know why my door was left open. I was freaking out because I had my laptop in my room and all my other valuables too. Thankfully none of my valuables were missing but I was still upset knowing they could've easily been stolen. . 5. The casino smells awful. . . Lesson learned about booking Vegas hotels on Priceline. I'll stick with the Vegas hotels I know.
**Rental Car broke into in the parking garage** Security was absolutely no help at all and they made it seem like I was lying about where it happened .. The internet didn't work 3 of 4 days I was there until we talked to front desk because you use your last name and room number as password. Kept getting an error that no such record existed .. Stayed on the 33rd floor .. Too bad our view was of the interstate .. The room itself was nice .. The flat screen TV was about a 22in .. The TV is disabled from allowing a game system or laptop by default .. It can be done though .. The gambling was ok .. Buffet had decent price .. Deli has very high prices ..
OK so I am NOT a happy camper. I was here not long ago for my hubby's birthday. We booked a room well in advanced. There wasn't anything wrong with our reservation upon arrival. However, the thing that I didn't like was that when we had asked for our room to be replenished with towels, tissue, toilet paper, etc, it never happened. We had the "maids" come in and clean up our room for us. We bagged our own trash and things. We didn't leave a filthy mess all over the place and expect them to restore the room to its original cleanliness. We didn't use any of the resort's amenities like the pool or work out areas. That's our bad but guess what, I didn't want to pay for it so I didn't. Upon check out, I had them remove those fees. Plus, I was a very disgruntled customer. So, I didn't feel like I should have had to pay for things that weren't used by me. I think I paid for my toilet paper and things in my nightly rate. I didn't get it. I didn't get tissue either. So, when Walter had a bloody nose, guess what?!?! We didn't have any tissue for him. I had luckily had a few extra napkins in my purse. So, he had to make due with that. The maids didn't come and take care of our room. Even more disgusting, there were a few drops of what appeared to be blood or some strange red substance on our duvet. That's just gross. You have got to be kidding me. WTH!! I didn't have a bad experience here the last time that I stayed but based on this most recent experience, I don't know that I will want to stay here again. . . or not for a while or unless I am forced to do so. NOT COOL
The vending machine took my money, the room is super small yet pricey and finding towels is like finding a man with good credit. In short, Treasure Island is a great view of the Cosmopolitan but not the Cosmopolitan. We got hustled but my friend is a model so she made it worth while by getting me tickets to the fashion show. Never again unless I'm on a good one or everywhere else is booked :(
If you take yourself and your dignity seriously, stay away from this place.  I went on a business trip to an annual convention and I made the mistake to intrust a package to be delivered to their "Business Center" desk.. . This is the kind of place that if you actually need to get any business done, not that people primarily go to Vegas to do business, but this is the kind of "Business Center" that does not really care or assist with your business.. . After a week of back and forth, we finally found this package and it was supposed to have been sent out four days ago and I would have been paying for everything.  Today I called and the package is still there! WTF!. . They gave me a half baked excuse that they can't ship things on Saturday. . . Next year, we will not stay there.
I've stayed at TI 5 or 6 times over the years. The hotel is clean and pleasant. The room size, beds, and cleanliness are all fair. . . My complaint comes in the "resort fee". When I called up Wed night for a Thursday stay no one mentioned a resort fee. The resort fee is a per day fee that is added to everyroom. I do not understand why this fee is not built into the standard room fee. I find it to be deceptive. If the room is worth an additional $20 then add it to the room fee. This type of billing is frustrating and dishonest.
When we checked in, our room was not clean. There were shopping bags and trash everywhere around the room.. . It's a big hotel, so I understand that sometimes the cleaning staff can make mistakes. But my 1-star is not for the dirty room, it is for the response we got when we called the front desk.. . We called the front desk to tell them about the dirty room, and all they said was "wait, we'll come up to clean it soon." They did not say sorry, or offer any sort of apology.. . I don't know what they expected us to do? Sit around in our dirty room and wait for them indefinitely?. . They should have offered an apology, and give us a time estimate as to when they will have someone up. 10 mins? 15 mins? Not "soon".. . The front desk staff was very rude, including the manager. I hope this review find its way to their ears so they can improve.
Let me start out this review by saying I will NEVER, EVER stay here again. I chose this hotel on a recommendation of a friend. We came to get married and to go to Defcon. Upon arrival, I noticed how generic and tacky all of the decorations were. Then, I had to wait in line for an HOUR to check in. That's exactly what I want to do when I have been on airplane for over seven hours. Then we found out about the resort fee. WHAT RESORT? The pool is small, and plays really really really loud rap music for ten hours a day, so loud in fact, that I could hear it in my room, FOR TEN HOURS A DAY. Since we were in Vegas to get married, we had expensive jewelry with us, so we didn't want to maids to come in the room. We put the jewelry in the safe, and then put the privacy sign on the door. We came back about ten hours later, and the sign was gone, the room was cleaned and the safe wouldnt work. I called security and they had to come and unlock it, which to me, means someone messed with it. I called and complained and they blamed me for not putting the sign up. I KNOW that I put the sign up. The jewelry was still there, but I shouldnt feel unsafe in my hotel room. I would have loved to nap during the day before going out, but I couldnt because of the loud obnoxious rap music coming up from the pool. All of this was nothing though. The night before we left, I was getting ready for bed, and was rearranging the sheets, and FOUND FECES. FECES on the sheets. Like a dried, crusted spot. We didnt have an animal with us, and we are two grown adults. I was so angry. When I called the front desk, they sent a manager upstairs, and she was astonished. They promptly sent someone up to clean our room. HOWEVER. We went downstairs to talk to a manager face to face, and she basically told us that there was nothing for her to do. She was trying to tell me, who just got married and chose to spend our honeymoon in their hotel, that when I find SHIT in my bed, they can't do anything about it. I was so pissed. Luckily, their bar is open 24 hours. I had a drink, and went back up to the room. By then, the housekeeper had cleaned the room. The next morning, we went to check out to come home, and re-told the morning manager what had happened. She was embarrassed, this manager was much nicer. They comped the $120 "resort" fee and our room service. I was glad...because there is no way I would have paid for this stay here.. . I would like to repeat again, that I will never, ever stay here again. The food in this hotel is TERRIBLE, the service is TERRIBLE, and the decorations are TERRIBLE. Cheap, tacky and not in that cute Las Vegas tacky way either. They are going to have to do something, because there is no way they will maintain across from the Wynn.
When Treasure Island tried to re-brand themselves as T.I., they should have used the rapper as an inspiration. Then, and only then, might I have found some enjoyment at yet another whole hotel doing the stupid Vegas theme shit.. . Rooms are nothing special, though they charge ridiculous fees for things like daily newspapers and wi-fi (the former which we didn't actually receive, the latter which should be free.). . Oh and to top it off, Christian Audigier has a club here too. So not only do you get to deal with all the normal dumb tourists, you get the stupid bros and hos who go for that stuff too.
You really do get what you pay for..... . I stayed here with a group of friends because some were on a budget and we heard good things about TI, so we decided to give it a try.... . The line for checking in was 40 minutes long. It then took 30 minutes to get our three rooms and supposedly... it was an "upgrade", which was a huge disappointment when we actually went into the room, and our friend that stayed there before said it is the same as all the other rooms.... what was even worse was that we requested two rooms with two beds and only one room with king bed. We ended up getting two king bed rooms and only one double bed room... So two guy friends had to share a bed because they got tired of everything and didn't want to wait in line again to fix it.. . The customer service here varies drastically. I found that my credit card had two pending charges of $244.80 each because of a typo for the resort fee. I went to the front desk to ask someone to help me... and it took 20 minutes before I got to talk to someone. Then the person that was talking to me came up with a bunch of excuses and did not apologize even once. I got sick of him and went upstairs and called the front desk with my phone, hoping to talk to someone else. I finally got a manager... but even the manager did not apologize about the typo that created an extra $400 pending charges.. . I was also disappointed because my friends and I wanted to watch the Sirens of TI and it was our last night, and we only had time for the last show.... we went half an hour early to stand in the front... only to be told 5 minutes before the show was about to start that it has been cancelled due to technical difficulties.. . I honestly have to say that this was one of the most disappointing hotel I ever stayed at.
Non optional resort fee.   Wow.   For an independent Resort you think they would find a way to attract customers.    This place is a piece of you know what and that is being kind.. . Do not go...stay off strip and be treated like you should be.   Rent a car.   To hell with all these strip properties.
thanks to TI we get to start our vegas trip on a bad note... show up at TI around 2:30pm to check in... we had 5 rooms and ask to be all on the same floor... we are told this would not be a problem but only 1 room is ready now and the other rooms would not be ready until later... not a problem... we ask what time to come back and the employee does some checking with others employees and we are told to come back in an hour for the other rooms... . okay here we go... we come back in 4 hours and are told 2 of the rooms are NOT ready yet... yes... 4 hours later and the rooms are not ready...  now the story changes to we don't have ANY control what housekeeping does... (is she trying to be me housekeeping is a bunch of freelancing renegades that runs wild at TI?) no one has control of housekeeping... what a great way to run a business... this employee gives out serious attitude and does NOT need to be employed at a customer service job... okay now its time to call for a manager... still giving out "tude" she calls for the manager... manager shows up and actually seems to care and try to handle the situation... we start telling him our problem and "miss tude" butts in so we ask her to back away so we can talk with this manager... she continues and her manager asks her to go to the back room which she does NOT and starts giving us glares... after a couple back and forth with this employee the manager asks her for the second time to go to the back room and she does... manager now seems to miraculously find 2 clean rooms on the same floor as the 3 other rooms...(it amazes me "miss tude" couldn't find those same rooms)...   . . well... thanks to "miss tude".... . What happens in Vegas... doesn't stay in Vegas...
We didn't stay at Treasure Island, but we did eat dinner there at the buffet.. I was stocked at the price, but decided to eat there anyway. The number one reason is that we've eaten there before, about 5 years ago, and remember it was good. Not anymore!. I well never eat there again! High price and rotten food. There was nothing I wanted to go back and get seconds of.
My friends and I used to love TI when it was owned and managed by the MGM group.  They had really comfortable firm beds, clean quiet rooms, and the best rates during any season.  They were pretty much the best bang for the buck on the strip.. . Since the change of hands, TI has really transformed into something else. =( My man and I decided on a last minute (booked the hotel on Monday and arrived that very Friday) trip out toVegas before both our schedules got too hectic. As a result, we had to book a hotel with rates that weren't completely ridiculous at that point.. . Upon our arrival, there were some complications with the room we had booked (king bed, non-smoking) -- they didn't have one for us! =(  So they decided to give us an "upgrade" for a room with two queen beds (even though we only needed one bed) with a view of the strip.  However, the lady at the front desk did tell us that if we were not fully happy with our room that night, we could switch to a king bed/non-smoking (what we had originally booked) the next day. The reason for this was that they were overbooked so a king bed/non-smoking would only be made available during check-in time the following day.. . We were hoping to be satisfied with the room they gave us so that we wouldn't have to go through the trouble of switching rooms the next day. Unfortunately, the room we got for the first night was a disappointment:. . 1) It was a handicapped smoking room, so even though it was slightly more spacious in some areas, such as bathroom square footage, there was a lot of compromise as well.  There was only one sink and the vanity space was only about a foot on each side of the sink as compared to the typical vanity that would span from wall to wall.. . 2) They only provided 3-4 towels TOTAL in the bathroom.. . 3) There was no tub, nor was there a stall for the shower.  Since the room was designed for the handicapped, the floor was continuous into the shower so it was easy for water to get all over the place. . . 4) The TV in the room had issues -- we were not able to change the channels/volume or turn it off, so we ended up having to call maintenance to turn it off for us because it was already on when we got to the room.. . 5) The clock wasn't working at all, and we ended up using our cell phones to set our alarms.. . *************and last but definitely NOT least...************************. . I discovered that I had bed bug bites the next day!  AHH!! I only had a couple bites show up the next day so I didn't really think much of it.  But then both of us developed more the following day and they lasted about a week.  (We both have experienced bed bug bites from a previous trip to Jamaica so we are familiar with identifying them).. . We ended up switching rooms the next day, but since I already got the bites by then, we were sure that there were bed bugs in the handicapped room. Our new room was slightly better in terms of amenities, but the bed had two sunken areas on each side (even obvious with the comforter on it!) -- the sign of a very old mattress. And because more bed bug bites appeared later (I believe I counted 14 bites), we are not certain whether they were a delayed response from the handicapped room or if the new room was infested by bed bugs as well.. . With all these issues with our stay -- ESPECIALLY THE BED BUGS -- we don't plan on staying at TI again in the future.  We've been loyal to TI for a long time from our great past experiences, but that has come to an end. I have never had bed bug problems at any other Vegas hotel before this trip and have been thoroughly dissatisfied with this stay. So sad. We wish we could still love you TI. =(
We arrived at the hotel around 11ish only to have to wait to get adjoining rooms with our friends. We were told to check back in a couple of hours which we did, but the rooms were still not ready. This time we were told to come back after 3. We came back after 3 only to find out our rooms were still not ready but they found another set of rooms to give us. After waiting around for so long I wanted to take a shower. So I started unpacking my things and unfolding the bath mat only to find a bug. Wasn't sure at that point as to what it was, so I asked my friend to get rid of it. This is when she confirmed that it was a bed bug! She called the front desk only to have them put us in a "VIP" room which was the same size room only with a view of the strip and a fridge. We didn't get any compensation for our troubles. Really disappointed in their management in handling the situation. . Had to call house keeping for some hangers, luggage rack, and pillows twice for the first room and again for the second room after we changed rooms. The person who answered the phone both times was not the friendly staff one would expect especially after finding a bed bug. . Buffet here had some great reviews from friends back home. It had a good selection of foods and desserts here. I stayed with the turkey and stuffing. Overall it was okay. . Location of the hotel was a plus, being somewhat in the middle of the strip and near the Fashion show Mall. Valet service was great. Thanks to the guy who helped us packed up our Jeep Compass with 13 pieces of luggages and carry ons and 4 people! It took some muscle and organization to make it work and he made it work!! . If it weren't for the bed bug and how it was handled, I would have given this hotel a higher rating. Handling of the situation was a disappointment.
So i was taking my mother , who was visiting me from a different country, on a trip to vegas. I chose TI because i liked it before, but this was my first day there. All in all it was a quite unpleasant stay.. 1.When i arrived i checked in and got room keys . When i went to the room, the key did not work. Tired after a long drive as I was, I go back down and this time get a different agent. The second agent asks for my ID and then is very rude as she asks why am I trying to enter a room registered under someone Else's name!!!! I said i just checked in 5 mins ago, i don't know. The first agent who helped me is called over and in their conversation i realize that the first agent messed up and assigned me to a room already belonging to someone else!!! And no apologies either. They prolly thought i was dumb and could not listen or make out what going out behind the counter, a foot from me and lied to my face " Since this key is not working we are going to reassigned another room" Cmon people, don't lie toa  tired guest. Just be honest and say sorry and that's it. anyways, first strike, i didn't say a thing.. . 2. I didn't know but I was charged a 22 $ resort fee EVERYDAY . EVERYDAY!!! For access to the gym used in once) , wifi (free in holiday inn,and even mcdonalds, so wats so special about TI wifi) and printing out boarding passes(can do in the airport). The gym is poorly lit and ventilated, and about average. You have to enter by showing a access card, your room key AND an ID and if u lose the pass, too bad!  Strike number 2.. . 3. The room and the bathroom has some kind of bugs. So as I write this review I have bug bites on my shoulder, my neck and my FACE!!!! And i was actually bitten on my neck by a mosquito like thing while I was in the loo. I heard it and saw it. While checking out, after they have collec ted the dues from me, I told the front desk person about it and showed the bug bites. I mean its on my face, how can u not see it. her response . a) Agent: did u see the bug .     me :yes and i swatted at it and saw it.     Agent: did u kill it ?.     me i dont know, probably .   (goes away to a far corner to talk to manager lady).    (comes back).  agent : so did you pick up the bug after you killed it..  me: no absolutely not.  (goes away again, returns after 5 mins). agent: you will have to wait here. The security will be here to escort you to the bathroom where they will look for the bug.. me: wait a minute, did i ask for money back? did I ask for a refund" Nothing ! I just wanted to report that there is a bug of some kind. . Agent: you are free to leave any time madam . (STRIKE 3 ). Me: you know what you gotta be kidding me!!!! Your attitude is really bad. Are you insinuating to my face that i am lying. I mean why should i, what can i get from it. I got bitten and you are asking me if i saw it killed it picked it up. Really!!!(i walk off).  . never before have I faced this situation and it was such a dampener and made me so upset!! I kept thinking was it racism(I am non Caucasian and non American) or what was it that someone had to nerve to be so rude. Anyways, if I could suggest one thing to TI, fire the agent and the manager who put her in a front desk position. She is not people friendly. Again, all it takes is a friendly  kind word .. . Later as i read other reviewas, i realised TEHRE ARE beg bugs and still tehy treated me like crap. tehy knew about it and still put me there to be bitten while taking so much money.. . Additionally :. around midday the bathroom (which has inadequate ventilation) starts stinking.. . in short, never going back. Specially pay "RESORT FEES" and then get bug bites all over and be called a liar, no thank you.
Bleh. Has a weird  smell in the casino and definitely looks old. The "plain jane" interior doesn't quite go with the unique exterior theme of pirates and booty. No one was ever in the cafe-restaurant-lounge-bar that they advertised so much (Kahunaville). Location-wise it is okay, but there's no hotel connected to it (like Aria-Cosmo or Bellagio-Caesars)...unless you count the tram to Mirage but meh.. . The hotel rooms were also pretty meh. We had no inner shower curtain liner thing so our bathroom was very wet. Towels are small and rough. Not enough lighting unless you turned on every lamp and switch in the room, and even then, it was awkward. Mirrors/closet doors were also angled badly and very little outlets for charging phones. I really don't like this place, but maybe the suites will be better.
The biggest eyesore that stands out and makes this review a 1 star and not higher is the royal screw-up during check-in.  I distinctly answered "NO" to leaving my card open to having incidentals charged to my card.  Well guess what?  Christian, who checked us in, apparently thought it better and took it upon himself to leave it open.  T.I. put a hold of $500 on my card.  This is similar to a security deposit when you rent a car.  My card had a "reservation" placed on it and because stupid me used my debit instead of credit, my bank red-flagged my account due to suspected fraud and blocked it from further charges.  I found out the hard way with my card being declined the next day.  Thanks a lot, Christian!  Went down the next day to get it straightened out and they apologized and made the correction, but three days later my bank still hasn't released the hold.  I'm not blaming my bank for the hold still pending, but this all would've been adverted if directions would have been folllowed and a simple keystroke would've been correctly punched!. . Everything else about T.I. was satisfactory and I would probably be rating it 3 stars if it were not for the mishap with check-in.  The deal we got was actually a steal: $45 for Sun night and $40 for Mon night with 2 free buffet coupons each day.  Although the free buffet coupon was only good Mon - Fri.  Buffet, ehhh.  Still, the rates themselves were great.  The Sirens show is temporarily close until after Christmas, but judging from reviews for that, didn't miss out.  Pool was closed, but it's friggin' 50 outside at this time so who'd be swimming?  So, wouldn't you think they'd ease up on the $20 resort fee????. . Found parking close to the hotel entrance rather easily each time.  The tram between T.I. and the Mirage, though a very short distance, was really convenient.  Rooms are clean and tidy; modernized and doesn't look dated at all.  Nothing gross that can be seen (don't want to break out the black light, though!)  Slept sound and comfortably each night.  Nice view of the strip overlooking the Venetian across the street - ho hum, maybe shoulda stayed across the street...
Easily the worst casino on the strip! The new management that bought the place a couple of years ago are running this place into the ground. On the surface it looks good with good details, but the food and especially the hotel service are terrible. Example: The front desk asked me if everything was ok. I said, no and explained my issues. He smiled and did nothing. Awesome. Your money is better spent elsewhere. Its a big town with many better places that you can drop your vaca money.
I booked full charges online and came to check in , found stinky entrance with huge noises and dirty carpets that keep filling you with static charges:). After waiting for more than hour in long queue with slow servant , they came to serve me and they said I have to pay extra 25$ per night for my six nights . This  casino changes although I don't gamble...I showed them my booking terms in my agent hotels.com and the said I have to pay something.. After negotiation like fish market , you pay Four , make it two ,, finally we agreed on three extra nights extra charges insead of six for nothing you get.. . They don't offer you carrying bags and you have to carry them all way to your room for more than 300 meters to get into the rooms area.. . Restaurants I didn't try as they smell bad from outside especially this the buffet one.. . Going into the room , carpets are looking crapy and path rooms turned yellow and shower drops water over you.. Bed linen even worn and got me allergy of this stinky atmosphere... . Overall , this hotel will make sure you hate Vegas and I was counting down to finish my business and checkout and run away from them.. . Note : monitor your credit card statement after check  out , they will count your breath and may charge you for Internet or spa entrance fees...etc.
I've never been a huge fan of this hotel and this weekend I just confirmed why. I've never stayed at a hotel where housekeeping calls to ask you what time to come clean the room when you have a privacy sign on your door. My friends and I were up for over 24 hours gambling and spending a grip load of money and got to bed at 8am. They called at noon waking everyone up. My friend call the front desk to complain and got transferred 4 times. She finally spoke with a manager and she said she was sorry and it's their policy and they've always done this for years. WTF?!!! I've stayed here before and its never happened. No hotel has ever done that to us! The manager we spoke to was Annie Espinoza. She was rude and raising her voice where my friend had to pull the phone away from her ear. She has no right or proper experience to deal with customers. Stay away from TI. We will never stay, gamble or eat at this hotel again.
Despite having a room on a non-smoking floor, the occupants of the adjoining room were smoking what was very likely marijuana. The smoke from their room seeped into our room through the service door, as well as into the hallway. As a result, our room had a very strong smell in it. While the bell desk did send someone up to spray our room and warned our neighbors not to smoke, the reprieve from the smoke smell was temporary. After leaving our room for a few hours, we found that our neighbors had smoked yet again, stinking up our room and requiring a second visit from housekeeping.. To make matters worse, despite our pleading, we were told that we would not be able to change rooms until the following night. As a result, we were forced to endure a full night of the stench of drug smoke.. . It is understandable to not want to embarrass your guests by "busting them" for bad behavior (after all, Vegas strives to be an adult playground). If a hotel is going to allow such bad behavior in a guest however, it should not be at the expense of another guest. If someone wants to stink up there room with smoke, so be it, but don't make us have to suffer through it too.. . We've shared our experience with all of our friends and will most certainly never stay here again.
This hotel needs serious adjustments to their policies....... We stayed in a non smoking floor- smelled smoke. We were stayed on the 30th floor- which was nice- however. we could here toilets flushing in other rooms.. There was hardly any water pressure in the showers during the morning hours . of 7 am to 10 am. The "free internet" did not work. The hotel does not adjust rates on rooms if the hotel is sold out- despite. the hours of gambling you do. Coffee is $3.75 a cup- regular coffee- nothing fancy. The towels were rough. The toilet paper was hard. The bed linens on our bed had blood stains...F-ING DISGUSTING. . I would never go back to this place -
Will NEVER EVER stay here or recommend anyone to stay here!Horrible Horrible Horrible! We paid almost $200 a night, and when we got to our rooms our bed (white sheets n blanket)had big yellow stains n the pillow had yellow n red stains(like blood) on them.We asked to be switched rooms and they did although the front desk person was RUDE!They gave us a room on a whole nother end of the hotel seemd like I was walking from vegas to LA only to get there to the same thing.The beds were disguisting and im glad the sheets were white n not dark if not who knows what I would be laying on.We called FD again n the guy said if it was so bad n such a bad place to get our money n go find a better hotel.RUDE!When we asked to speak to a manager he ended up sending the cleaning lady to switch the sheets ,she had to pull 4 different sheets because all the ones she was pulling were the same.She was so emberresed she kept on appoligizing.I would have LOVED to see the manager getting his ass up there and change it himself after that horrible service they gave us.And NO they did not comp our room !
I have stayed here in the past,first time good experience. This time it was not great. The guy at the front desk checking in was RUDE and not very helpful when I was asking question. The room was dirty,found stuff on blankets dirty! around the windows it was dirty as well. bed and pillows hard and very uncomfortable. I. am bummed out about the stay here this time at TI. Right now as Im writing this review the peoplenext door are banging on wall and house cleaning is loud . in the hall talking.
In fairness, this review is for the Sirens of TI however for whatever reason, the ol Yelpster is not cooperating with me by allowing me to review THAT fiasco.. . First of all, if you have the chance to go and see the the Sirens of TI, I would suggest that you seek medical help, get your head checked, take two aspirin and call me in the morning.  Hopefully you'll wake up and realize it was all just a bad dream.. . While the "actors" I'm sure are talented, as a group we felt we were watching a bad porno.  The only saving grace is the fact that the show is free and with that we felt that we were overcharged.. . Taking in to account that we had a group of pubescent teenage boys with us didn't help matters.  I believe that they were the only ones to actually enjoy the show.  Needless to say, I'm not winning the Father of the Year Award on that call.. . Not to mention the insanely number of people that crowd around this joint to watch this debacle. If I'm going to be smothered by a crowd that large, it had better be for something worthwhile.. . It had been about 10 years since I've seen the show at TI and I remember it being a little more formidable.  I guess a lot changes in 10 yrs.
Arrived before the allowed check in and decided to wait in the "Breeze Bar" area. While sitting in the bar area, a HUGE ROACH the size of two quarters decides to crawl right towards where my friend and I are sitting. . . Although, I was completely disgusted and freaked out... I quietly told the bartender to avoid a huge commotion. She went over, stepped on it, cleaned it up and that was it. Another bartender even joked that there was another one right near us. My friend and I both work in the hospitality industry and we were shocked that she didn't send a manager to apologize or confront the situation. . . Surprised by the lack of customer service, I went to the front desk to confront hotel management. I spoke with an assistant manager who tried to offer me a complimentary buffet while I waited for my room. Funny that I would be offered food after seeing a roach crawling around. No thank, appetite gone. According to the assistant manager, the general manager was too busy to come down to speak to me about this matter.. . Anyways, the MAIN issue of this situation was the lack of customer service. This matter was taken a lot lighter than it should have been and with that being said I was not satisfied with my stay here. . . Hope your stay was or will be better than mine!
Bedbugs!!!!  Need I say more?  My kids stayed here memorial day weekend and called  hotel management but it didn't seem to phase them.  So gross.  Unfortunately they do not let you post no stars.
Horrible stay, the bed was uncomfortable, the pool was dirty and murky at 9 am when the pool opened. We had a cabana and at mid day they kicked everyone out of the pool for 2hrs because someone had an accident in the pool. They didn't offer to compensate us or anything. We won't stay here again.
To be fair my preferred travel taste is for 4-5 star properties, especially in Vegas.  I like luxury.  This is a 2-3 star in my opinion, so naturally I will not return.  I would rather pay $200 plus/ night for a really nice property than $100 /night for this place.. Let me start of with all my positives.  The room was nothing special but it was clean, had everything we needed.  The beds were comfortable with nice linens.  If you are a light sleeper you dont want to be on side facing pool as you can hear pool dj through the walls.. We had to leave the hotel to do everything: gamble, eat, good food, shop, party, see show etc.  Thank goodness the hotel is well located close to some pretty nice properties.  Oh! another positive:  There is a Starbucks in the casino.  Usually not a big deal to me but I'm struggling here for positives. The casino here is terrible.  It really feels like a GreyHound Bus terminal. They literally had duct tape on the rugs as you walk into the casino.  The tape seem to be used to tape them to the floor.  Ugh!!  Really nice first impression.   I have been to nicer Casinos on Indian Reservations in LA and OKLA.  REALLY!!  We waited in line for over an hour just to check in.  Every time I was in the Casino I felt like I wanted to just get out of there.  The ceilings are low, and everything is jam packed in there.  Including all the people.    Seven ladies dressed to the nines looked very out of place walking through the casino, in fact we looked LOST!  "If Bellagio is the Queen Mary II, TI is a Carnival Cruise"   Sunday at the pool we got a cabana and being a pack of women footloose and fancy free for the weekend we made our own silly fun here all day.  The cute little cocktail waitresses in red hot bikinis took great care of us and a good time was had by all.  No complaints on our day at the pool.  Not fancy, but again- no big deal.  Do your homework.  You can get a room for less the $200/night on the strip at places like Wynn, The Hotel, Ceasars, Mirage, MGM etc- stay anywhere- dont stay here!!  I have no complaints about any of the staff or service at the hotel.  They were all friendly and hospitable.. This was a girls trip to celebrate my Youngest Sister's Graduation, so regardless of our hotel choice, we had a wonderful time.. One of the girls found the deal $169 for 2 nights, which after taxes and resort fees etc ended up being $220 for 1 of our rooms.  I did not get this deal and my sister and I paid $350 for 2 nights.
What a horrible stay. First at check in we asked for a price match and the manager didn't bother coming to talk to us and since they already had my money the desk clerk said no and turned around and walked off... RUDE! Next day we rented a motorcycle and did some riding.. Parked in the TI parking garage next to a booth marked security.. Got up the next morning to return the motorcycle and someone had stolen the bags. Security and the hotel were totally dismissive and take No responsibility at all. Went and tried to speak to the manager at the hotel and he told me to call their people that handle that.. Monday-Friday 9-5... And without any shred of compassion turned his back to me and walked away. Cost of room... Almost $600.00. Cost to replace saddlebags stolen in their garage.. $1200.00.. Price of snobby disrespectful hotel staff... Priceless and gets them a no return visit from us and telling all our friends and co-workers how these people treat their guests. Beware customer service does not exist here.
The DEPRESSING country music in the Gilley's blackjack pit makes everyone want to fall asleep or cry.  If you must play country, at least pick something a little catchy and upbeat!
Such a dirty hotel. Bad experience for sure. Stains on the sheets and filthy furniture. Don't waste your time here. Checked in and immediately left.
I have never stayed at a hotel with a bed bug problem. I certainly didn't expect TI to have bed bugs but it seems an epidemic these days and even fancy hotels may have this problem. . . bed bug bites are disgusting but what I was further disgusted by was the way the employees treated me after I reported the problem (on Christmas Day nontheless!) The woman I spoke with at the front desk pretty much didn't believe me. She told me that it may be an allergic reaction ( I work in a hospital I think I can tell the difference) she wanted to send one of their "engineers" to investigate the issue and never offered once to give us a different room. We are on vacation here not to help you play CSI bed bugs. I was finally fed up and asked if we can be switched to a different room while they do their investigating. She flat out told me that they didn't have any ( how is that possible?) and that I would have to call back later to check to see if they had one. This is probably the worst experience I have had at a hotel. Certainly the worst customer service. In a city full of hotels, please save yourself the aggravation and do not stay here.. . Oh and their bed bug investigation involved a guy who pulled the sheets off the front of the mattress only and looked at it for 5 sec with a flashlight to deem that he didn't find anything.  Anybody that can google will tell you that bed bugs are nocturnal creatures that hide during the day. Your half ass investigation will not find them. . . I filed a complaint with their risk management department and decided to follow up today to make sure they quarantine the room and prevent the spread to another patron. I was given the run around over the phone and the manager said nothing will be done ( if anything) until the report is filed which will take at least 5 business days. In the mean time they are still renting out that disgusting room. Consider yourself warned and do not stay at 17047.
Arrrrrr... this place sucks, matey!. . Check-in be requiring ye scurvy dogs to wait in a line that resembles the baggage check at most airports before a major holiday. Arrrrrr... it be taking 40 minutes to check in to this dreary hotel-- not exactly the kind of activity ye wants after traveling many nights following the north star. And while many hotels be eliminating "hotel fees", Treasure Island plunders $25 dollars nightly, which doesn't include basic pirate amenities like coffee in ye room. It does afford ye entrance to their buffet, which be the only authentic part of the experience because the food be tasting like rancid pirate chum! Did I mention our bed was broken?. . I heard the scurvy jester who ran The Frontier into the ground purchased this place a few years back, which is why it be as nasty as the inside of a pirate's boot. The staff be acting rude and should be forced to walk the plank.. . Point ye compass elsewhere, there be no treasure here!
Dirty,smelly,ghetto and bad customer service!!!!. I booked this hotel with hotels.com and I am very disappointed because when I booked it says no resort fee,but when I got there well surprise there was. So be careful when you use hotels.com. This is my first and last time that I will ever step foot in this disgusting hotel
I can't believe I didn't look at reviews prior to booking our weekend trip to Treasure Island.  I assumed too much when I assumed that because a hotel sports a pirate ship that it would be at least pseudo kid friendly....wrong in every way possible.  I called to place our reservation and I was told that they would only charge us a half resort fee since we wouldn't be checking in until midnight, upon arrival they laughed at me and told me that they would never reduce a resort fee.  Our room service was horrible to say the least...my 4 year old wouldn't even eat the chocolate cake, my burger was cooked beyond well done, and the grilled cheese was hard yet soggy...not really sure how they accomplished that.  Breakfast was less than desirable...I ordered a bagel and lox and the salmon was so "fishy" I could only take 2 bites before my senses said leave it alone, there was no kids menu or side menu and ended up with an adult sized portion of pancakes.  . . It took over 40 minutes to get our bags to our room, and the bathtub was dirty and also cracked. I have slept on better pillows at my 95 year old grandma's house that my 71 year old dad slept on as a kid.. . If you are just turning 21 and need a place to stay I'm sure this is totally up your alley, if you have kids and want to sleep in your room then stay away...go to someplace else.
Senor Frog's is garish. Talk about selling out.
Stayed here for the MLK weekend since we had comps at TI. We drove from LA after work on Friday so we got to Vegas around 12am-1am. When we got there, we tried to book into our room (2 Queens, non smoking) but then the front desk advised us that our room has been double booked and that the only room available is a 1 bd smoking. For everyone that doesn't smoke, a smoking room is a really bad option for it just reeks of cigarettes! We asked for any other room which of course they said "We are TOTALLY booked for the weekend" reply. We asked for anything else that we can get comp'ed on since we were given this unfortunate ordeal, which the front desk replied "Nope". After trying for about 15 minutes, we reluctantly took the keys and just slept in our stinky room.. . Somehow it gets worse here. We started gambling in TI and I guess lady luck was with us because my friend was on FIRE. He was literally winning hundreds then thousands. After a few hours of hot streak, the pit bosses of the hotel started following us and started to whisper stuff into the dealers ears during our table games. Maybe we were just being paranoid but this made us feel REALLY uneasy. And whenever we cashed out on our winnings, it would take 10-15 minutes. Yes, I know when you win big, they haveto verify where we won, etc. (this isn't our first time) but this was taking longer than usual. One thing that made us feel REALLY skeptical was when my friend was betting on my other friend's hand during blackjack. We were all having fun playing this way until the 10th/11th time, my friend tried to bet, the pitboss actually came and said that we can't do that anymore. We argued that we HAVE been playing like that the past 2 days and why all of a sudden, no? Well like some weird coincidence, the hand that the pit boss intervened on was a blackjack. Luck? Maybe but it was just a weird vibe after that. . . Most likely we'll get comp'ed for TI because of my friend's earnings but even with the free comp, we doubt we'll stay at TI with this bad experience. For a Vegas hotel that's been around as long as TI, you would think they would expect people to have luck once in a while and they would treat their customers with the usual Vegas service.
Avoid if possible. Had reservations for one of their tower suites for the Memorial day weekend. Drove all the way out from Bay Area for them to tell us our room is unavailable. How does this happen? They charged us for the first night and we weren't even checked in yet. Yes, I understand it's a busy weekend...yada,yada,yada. But is this the way to run a business? Definitely not coming here again and letting everyone I know to avoid this place like the plague. The room was very dated and reeked of cigarettes. The pirate show is cool but that's about it.
Avoid!  The Coffee Shop at the Treasure Island Hotel & Casino. The worst food and it was very over priced for such a limited selection. Save your money and go to McDonald's. So disappointing. . . Same for the buffet, TI what the heck are you doing? You are in the same category as Circus Circus...yuck!. . Disappointed local,. . ST
This was my third time staying at TI. The first two times were great, this last time not so much. Other casinos do a better job managing the smell of cigarettes. What really bothered me was the lack of AC in my room the first two nights. I was finally moved to a room with functional AC on the third night after repeated complaining. Too many hotels in Vegas to have to put up with this again.
The hotel is a little expensive for what you get, I guess it's the location. The marketing staff need to learn better ways to speak to guests, I would NEVER tell a guest in MY hotel the way the hotel runs behind the scenes as far as who gets things comped for them and who isn't worth it! Food is as expected mediocre taste and over priced! I lost over $9000 there not to be a sore looser, but do you think I'm "worth" giving a room to? Will stay there again just because of location, but reluctant to how the " hotel and casino" are run. You also show a nice clean bathroom in the pictures but you don't show the mold in the bathrooms.
We have stayed here in the past and it was nice (may have been newly renovated the last time). We elected to stay here again with a large group, btw we all have kids. We will never stay here again! . . We go to our room, which was ok. We were on the 29th floor. We get to the pool at 1pm and there was no chairs available, nor much room on the ground and the pool was jammed packed. So we left. We went to Gilly's with our group of 14 and asked if we can get separate checks, they refused. We told them if it was a gratuity issue then to put the 18% on all of our checks, no big deal. They still refused. We asked for a manager and our waitress did not get her so someone else did. The manager also refused our request. Then we requested another waitress since the last one was rude and she refused that too and said they would have to re seat us and we would have to wait again. After our kids made a mess of the table, all 14 of us got up and left. We went to kahunaville. The waiter was nice enough to separate our checks without us even asking. So he got a big tip. . . The next day we call housekeeping to make sure they will clean our room. We leave the room and I get back around noon to a messy room. I found the maid and she told me she already cleaned our room. I said said " you sure didn't" and she said she did and showed me where she marked it off. So I had her take a look at our room and she said I made it a mess and she was not going to clean it. So we get the manager who saw it had not been cleaned and the room was cleaned. . . That day we also got to the pool early to get chairs. We wanted drinks and getting the pool waitress to help us was like pulling teeth so we got up and got them ourselves.. . Since we were on the 29th floor and overlooking the treasure show, it was loud! We could hear it clearly at 11:30PM which is one of the show times. But when you have kids, it wakes everyone up. . . My one last complaint is the cigarette smoke in the casino. A few of the newer casinos filter that out so you cant smell it. They need to do the same. . . The rate was very reasonable, but we reserved a block of a dozen rooms, but this takes you get what you pay for to a whole new level. Wont be staying here again,
If you like poor customer service with cheesy gimmicks (buffet coupons that don't work the nights you are staying, resort fees, and customer service that is too overworked to care, then this is the hotel for you!  From check-in through check-out, you will find long lines for registration a pool that is crowded and closes way too early, 7pm when it is 90 degrees outside! . . The only saving grace of this hotel is the poker room and the location, but far better hotels can be found for similar prices.
It was my first time in Las Vegas, so I wanted to visit every casino I could.  This was by far the worst for customer service.   I sat down at a slot machine, only to have a grumpy security guard come over and complain about his job to me.  I asked if there would be a cocktail waitress, the security guard told me that they released most of the staff and there is only one  cocktail waitrees on duty at all times now (which by the way she only works in or close to the High Rollers room).   Never did get asked about drink and after listening to "Oscar the grouch" for 45 mins while playing a slot maching, I left.  He did not even offer to find the waitress when I asked.. all he told me was go look for her.   I will never go back in that casino again.
I'm not thinking this is going to be one of our weekend hangouts. Its 112 degrees on a Saturday night they are understaffed for valet, my husbands jack and coke was just coke and the bar tender said they regulate it so he couldn't do anything about that, it's only a splash of jack and they don't comp shots. So no recommendations from us and won't be back.
Like many of the mega monster casinos in Vegas, they are running a scam.  We booked five rooms and prepaid the entire price quoted, but upon arriving at the hotel at midnight, they hit us with a "resort fee" of $140 per day ($28 per room per day) which apparently they charge to everyone and the charge is mandatory.  It's basically a scam to make you pay extra for the room because there's no way to find another hotel by the time you get there AND they will charge you a cancellation fee if you do cancel your reservation as a result of not wanting to pay the resort fee.
My stay at this Casino was terrible. Upon arrival at TI at 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon i had to wait for over an hour in a line to check into my room. Once i got my room, it was nice, but nothing special, really small and a tiny TV. The Casino is old and outdated. The pool was small and they wont let you bring in outside food or drink.. lame!. . The kicker: Fire Alarm and announcement starts blaring in my room at 330am, it continued to go off for another 45 minutes. It was a false alarm, probably some drunk idiot pulled the alarm. You would think that a Vegas casino would be prepared for events like these. There was no reason to keep the alarm sounding for that long, it woke me up and kept me up. There were no apologies given. Worst experience ever. I do not recommend staying here, id rather stay at the Luxor. Its time for the pirates of TI to blow this POS up.
I booked a room on Treasure Island at Hotels.com the rate was fantastic, however on arrival at the desk I was charged a MANDATORY $28 resort fee. I hate the bait and switch, especially when this fee is not disclosed. My room was nice and clean, the bed was comfortable and the views of the strip spectacular, however I will never stay here again and I will tell my friends of the ridiculous fee!
I'm appalled at the lack of follow up and disregard for an dangerous incident that was caused by the hotel room hair dryers they provide. My family stayed here for a few days in May 2013. On the last night of our stay, I was using the hair dryer they provided which kept turning on and off while it was plugged in. I turned the dryer off, reset the plug and turned it back on. When I turned it back on, there was a large spark that could have started a fire. The outlet on the wall and surrounding wall space was badly burned.  . I called the front desk and they had someone from security and a mechanic come up and check out the dryer and situation. It turns out, after close examination, the hairdryer Treasure Island had a cut in the wire near the plug. It was a serious hazard that created a very scary situation. The mechanic determined the problem, and cleaned up the burn.  I filled out paperwork so they could save the incident on  file and that was it. There was no personal follow up from the hotel management. . . I was put in a dangerous situation because of the hotel and there was no follow up from the hotel management??? Nothing was even said when we checked out and received the bill. I've already e-mailed TI about this issue and never heard from them.. I take many trips to Las Vegas over a year. I don't plan on staying at Treasure Island again with this hair dryer hazard and Treasure Island's poor customer service to not even reach out to me or extend their hospitality.. . CHECK THE HAIRDRYERS!!
Never will i ever return to this hotel the halls reeked of marijuana and cigarettes, . no ipod hook up most uncomfortable beds ever. The front desk on 3 different occasions were unhelpful and un friendly. I considered going to the spa but for the price id rather go to palazzo and get a 5 star massage. the food options were jank food at the buffet was rubbery and caused me to get food poisoning. PLEASE spend the money and dont stay here you will regret it.
We were starving and decided on the TI Buffet. YUCK! This buffet was $26.95./ person. Ok so we are talking cheaper in terms of nice buffets nowadays. But, the food was INEDIBLE! I had a small salad, which they plate for you. I appreciate that as it was all behind glass, and had at least not been sneezed on by everyone in the hotel. The veggies were not fresh. The selection. 3 or 4 stations. Turkey? ewwww was that even turkey?
It's a dump.  The machines are dirty.  Half the time the buttons would not work.  Most of the staff has no sense of being professional.  Senior Frogs food is tasteless and they do not comp drinks playing the poker machines in the restaurant.. Bright spot was the bartenders Jimmy, Jeanette and Nic  at the Steak house.  Great service, great food and a good place to relax.  T.I. use to be better. Now it's like Circus Circus.
Waitresses are slower than dirt... in 3 hrs got one drink. Booked the tower suite. Smelled like it was cleaned with a dirty rag. Staff didn't care...
Stayed a night here. You can tell this place a really old but everything is clean. The beds were comfortable. The only issue I had with this place was at the casino when the dealer shorted me two dollars on the payout. The amount was nothing but when i let him know, he had to call the pitboss and the pitboss really did not care and told him to pay me. Then the dealer went on to say that he was sure he paid me out correctly and that it must have been me. The pitboss told him to just watch me. Thats when i got up and cashed out. I will not gamble here ever again. That was just insulting and that was the first time I had a dealer mess up on a payout.
I have stayed at this hotel several times before and have never had this problem but I ran into this problem with the bell desk this one time and I am incredibly discouraged to return to this hotel again.. . .        Upon arrival to Treasure Island hotel and Casino we waited for a bell hop to assist us with our bags. While he HELPED HIM load the bags onto the cart he did not say a single word to us. He did not say " How was your drive?" or " Hello where are you guys coming from?" or even "Hello welcome to TI". After the cart was loaded(that we helped him do) he wrote up our bell ticket and proceeded to ask several times " do you need help with anything else" in a demanding tone that was clearly suggesting that he wanted us to give him a tip. He then stated several more times in a even more demanding tone that " I will not be the bell hop delivering your bags". We said all right and thanked him and walked away. As walking away my party and I hear him yell at us " WHY THANK YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY" in the most sarcastic tone I have ever heard. In my experience I havealways tipped the bell hop who delivers the bag(which we did with a generous 10 dollar tip). .        We thought this would be a isolated incident, but while leaving your hotel we asked for bellhop assistance from our room. Once again we helped the bell hop load our bags onto the cart and before he left I THOUGHT EVEN THOUGH I USUALLY DO NOT to tip the bellhop who picked up the bags. AGAIN this bellhop did not say a single word to us until it was time for him to go. I gave him a two dollar tip just to avoid the same problem that we ran into. I gave him the money and he unfolded the bills and then scoffed at the money RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME AND ONCE AGAIN IN A INCREDIBLY SARCASTIC TONE SAID THANKS WITHOUT EVEN LOOKING AT ME WHILE WALKING AWAY. He gave off the impression that I was insulting him by giving him money. .        The bell hop that assisted us with the car we tipped well again because that is how I have always tipped bell hops in las vegas( even at other hotels such as the Wynn, Encore, or Cosmopolitan). .       I do not know if this is typical nor am I saying the entire bell service department acts this way, but with my current experience with them I would NOT want to stay at your hotel again. I do not enjoy feeling as if I did something wrong when in fact I am giving a person money for doing a service they are getting paid for already. I understand that tips is a significant portion of their salary but I ALWAYS tip the bell hop that delivers the bags well.  .         The first bell hop was a mexican/latino man with a short stocky build with short hair and no glasses. The second was similar looking but was wearing glasses.
Haven't stayed since then and planning 3 trips to Vegas this year!
First time here and it is very dirty. Dusty tables and phone and a clothing tag leftover from the previous guests on the floor..... And a strange smell (non-smoking room) What's worst of all, I lost my cellphone charger so I went to the lost & found and the man there was not nice at all and not accommodating. Will not be coming here again.
All I have to say is BED BUGS!  We had 3 people in the room and all three of us were bit several times.  I called and filed a report with security, although he was polite he did not offer an apology which was disconcerning.  As often as I come to Vegas I will NOT be staying here again nor will I refer people to stay here. One other complaint, however small, the towels were like sandpaper, very rough.
First off, the cleaning staff is lazy, and just rude. We left a tip, and nothing god done. Even the stained bed sheets didn't get changed. . . Secondly, their lock system is majorly messed up. Our key card refused to work, and me and my friend got locked out. Twice. And they don't admit a single fault.. .  And also their customer service is really selective. There are a couple of employees who deserve a good tip, but over all, they are not helpful. At all. . . The TV DOES. NOT. WORK. I couldn't even watch Friends normally. It kept on flickering, and the noise didn't ever stabilize. . . The pool they have here is tiny and overcrowded, by 11, there wasn't even much room to even sit and talk with a friend. . .  And there are so many extra fees that any discount you get is nullified. There isn't even free wifi. It 20$ per 24 hours. . . I would not recommend this hotel for anyone, unless you are planning to spend only one night, and not planning to go anywhere in the hotel besides your room and bed.
My housekeeper threw away my $400 dental retainer from the nightstand and TI will take no responsibility in the matter.  I filed a security report and the officer gave me a card with phone number to their Risk Management Dept to call and follow up.  I called and left 4 voicemails in 5 days and got no response.  It wasn't until I called the front desk and demanded to be put through to Risk Management that I spoke with someone named Ashley Baker who is apparently in charge of such things.. . She quoted a Nevada "statute" that says they don't have to take any responsibility for guests' property.  So BE CAREFUL if you choose to stay here.  Your housekeepers can take whatever they want from your room and THEY KNOW IT.  Use your ROOM SAFE for any valuables but don't expect anything else laying around to be there when you return from your day out.
Personally, I wish there was a category for zero stars.. . My wife checked in with our special needs son and immediately was yelled at because he was being too noisy.  The next day housekeeping stormed in while they were sleeping and woke them up.  They came back and then yelled at my wife and son because "We don't need kids like him here. You should take him where he belongs". Finally, things got so bad that she checked out a day early and got into an argument with the person checking them out because he didn't want to print a receipt.  It would have ended there but now we are fighting with the hotel because instead of charging us about $100 for the room we are looking at over $300! We can't get anyone to talk to us and are getting ready to take legal action if it isn't taken care of.. . This isn't a hotel in the traditional sense. I would actually describe it as a bunch of termites holding hands and am just waiting for their arms to get tired.
Over $200 ($25 resort fee) a night and the rooms have 10 year old Phillips 32 inch tvs, this is listed as 4 star? Motel 6 switch on ac, no thermostat, closet is so small that my hanging shirts are touching the ground. A $15.00 Denver omlette that doesn't come with cheese. This is my first two hours at Treasure Island.
If you're planning at staying at TI, I recommend that you don't bring anything of value. You will leave with your bags lighter at the end of the trip. Our team stayed at TI for a conference and while I was out for a few hours the first morning of our trip, my iPad and digital SLR were stolen from my room. When I realized that my room had been ransacked (the intruder left drawers open and opened the closet to try and access the safe), I immediately called hotel security and filed a report. They took my information down and told me that risk management would be in contact with me in 4-5 days, despite me stressing that I would be leaving on a red-eye the next day. Feeling uneasy about receiving any resolution, I went down to the front desk to speak with a manager. They told me there was nothing that they could do that I needed to speak with risk management. This was repeated over and over like a broken record. The following day, I called security to try and get an update and they offered no further support. I was told again that risk management would handle the situation. He did provide me with the number to risk management and I left a voicemail after repeated attempts to get a live person on the phone. Feeling frustrated, I took time away from the event that I was attending and went to the front desk again, hoping to seek a sliver of assurance that my situation would be handled with care. I spoke to another manager who gave me the same run around - there was nothing that he could do and that I needed to speak with risk management. Wait until Monday, he said. He proceeded to ask me if I had my report number on a pink slip of paper, and a copy of my report. This was news to me as I had received no such information - which only heightened my feeling of being lost in the shuffle. My stay at Treasure Island was my first and last. Should you take the chance and stay at TI, you're putting yourself at risk and will receive absolutely no comfort from hotel management even if you've been robbed blind. Here I am 48 hours later, with no resolution or even a phone call to acknowledge the situation. Take my advice, and stay at literally any other establishment on the strip. There's no way their customer service could be as poor as TI. They definitely set the bar low.
Customer Service was horrible. The Manager even worse that his own staff. What happen to resolving the issues and the customer is always right! ( or at least try ) My wife had booked a 2 night stay only thing it was under her name not mine she contacted hotels.com and my name got added great service by hotels.com. I needed to extend my stay by 1 more day I had my wife extend it with Hotels.com. The issue started when I went down stairs to confirm my extended day. Front desk would not help me because I was not in the system and when asked to speak with manager I was rudely helped by John (manager). He was unwilling to check with hotels.com to confirm my reservation and was rude and loud I explained that I had already been in the room 2 days and even showed the email received by hotels.com that I had extended my stay. I could not believe they where unwilling to check. Well guess what he asked me to leave HIS hotel immediately and was escorted by security to get my things out of the room. I contact Hotels.com and the rep there contacted the hotel spoke with the manager and cleared everything up. Ridiculous never stay here again something so simple turned in to a horrible experience . I guess that at TI they don't go the extra mile for there guest not even 2 steps!!!. . Forgot to mention I had stayed in a Tower Suite one of there more expensive rooms! It comes with slippers & a robe but excludes customer service!!!
Had made reservations for TI for 2 nights. When we got to our rooms which we paid about $170/night (+$25 resort fee) I was unimpressed by the chipped furniture, stained chairs, and dirty carpeting. We were pretty disappointed since it seemed more like a $30 room, but then we took off our shoes to find out the carpeting was wet and sticky. We called the front desk and they gave us a different room. When we got to that room, the sheets were not changed. There were about 20 hairs on one of the pillows and it looks like someone trimmed their beard then rolled into bed. We called again and the front desk said they were sending up the housekeeping manager to take a look at the room. We waited 40 minutes and decided we didn't want to be moved to another dirty room so we asked for our refund. Since we booked through Travelocity, they kept telling us, it was a third party and there was nothing they could do. We have been on the phone with Travelocity multiple times and they have to request the refund- which TI is not allowing. This has turned into the worse experience I have ever had with a hotel. I would not recommend this place to anyone .
I'll never stay here again. I was happy with the price but as the saying goes... You get what you pay for. . . The rooms are nice enough but housekeeping is horrible. They ignore the do not disturb signs and miss basic things like emptying the trash or picking up things on the floor. I feel like a fool for leaving a tip for them the first few days. . . The pool is small but OK however there is a good reason the cabanas cost half as much as other hotels. The service is horrible. We watched our waitress sit and flirt with a group of guys while we waited an hour for a round of drinks. Then to top it off.. the bar closed an hour early and no one bothered to tell us until we attempted to order a round. . . Oh and don't bother ordering room service they will get it wrong more often than not. . . Pretty bad service. Wasn't this hotel cool once?
As a frequent Vegas goer, the times a would stay at TI was only because I would get a special rate of $39-$79/night. But it has declined so much in the years that have passed that I will not stay here any longer! If you arrive past 1am on a weekend, the valet will be full! Venetian, bellagio, MGM, aria, Cosmo, planet Hollywood, and Caesars require that you to be a guest if the valet seems to be filling.. It's only courtesy to the guest actually staying at the hotel! But I guess you get what you pay for. Next, the rooms we wanted were no longer available. Usually I hear an upgrade, but in TI's case, downgrade. Then the rooms are dirty and things are not working. Forget about calling the front desk. Nothing will be done. They will say no other room is available. And that nothing can be done until the checkout time the following day. So if you're only here a weekend, there goes your Saturday! Horrible service! Small hotel with nothing to offer. Like I said, you get what you pay for. It's really unfortunate because I really really used to enjoy staying here. Not up to Vegas standards.
Vary rude and unprofessional bellman. Management needs to focus on customer service improvement.
I've stayed here several times because of the affordable price and location. This last trip, however, was probably my last at TI.  Previously simply declining the resort fee was enough. This time I was told it was mandatory at check-in. That added $140 to my bill for a 5 night stay.  That was bad. Worse, Brandi at check-in all but accused me of lying about bidding for the room via Priceline.  Buyer beware here. Apparently being a loyal repeat customer means nothing here.
From my experience this hotel doesn't deserve any stars!!! I had to choose at least one star for this review to post!!!! The room we stayed in was full of dust on the glass tops which made it easier to see. The part that sucks the most is the security. Our car was parked in the T.I. Hotel parking lot. My fiance went to check on it and there you go. At first he was wondering why his car was so dusty. Then he saw some employees nearby cleaning up broken glass where a fire extinguisher was missing! Then he put it together. SOME IDIOT decided to use fire extinguisher all over our car!!!! F.Y.I....our car was not on fire!!!! They sprayed the car parked next to us too!!! So security came over and "supposedly wrote a report", took pictures, blah blah blah and said they would get back to us. We tried contacting them a few days later and they said no report was filed yet and since he wasn't the security guard that was helping us, he can't do anything about!! Really thanks for nothing!! Upon checking out the hotel, the front desk wasn't helpful at all. I asked to speak to security and all they did was give me the main number to the hotel and that I would have to ask for Risk Management!! The "FRONT DESK MANAGER" said that's not my job. Didn't even apologize for the incident!!! Ughhhhhhhh.......The only good thing is that my fiance saw it right away and washed it off cause that powder/foam is VERY CORROSIVE and can damage the paint and clear coat on a car!! Don't ever drive a nice car and park it in Treasure Island parking lot!!!! FIRST AND DEFINITELY THE LAST TIME I'LL BE STAYING IN THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's start with the basics. We booked a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor for one week. When we arrived, we were told that only smoking rooms on smoking floors were available. The entire party (we booked several rooms) registered displeasure with this but we were told there were no other options. Period. The manager assured us that it would be barely noticeable. Well, as you can imagine, when we stepped onto the tenth floor, we virtually needed an oxygen mask. The odor was strong enough to be revolting. Later that night, the smell of weed was so over-powering that we elected tohit The Strip a bit early rather than rest. The next day, we all requested a room-change and reported the weed stench (which management made a note of and indicated that security would investigate). We were promptly moved. However, when we arrived in our new room and opened our luggage, everything reeked of smoke. (Right now, our suitcases are open in the foyer in an attempt to air them out ... still, we are concerned we may have to dispose of it). Our clothes, of course, can be washed. (We picked up "Tide with Frebreze," so that should help). . . Now, please note that the door to the rooms need to be pulled sharply closed. (This applied to all rooms). Be SUPER vigilant of this. One of the folks in our party TWICE forgot to pull the door sharply closed and was lucky that no one robbed her. (Also, watch for the privacy tags, these can block the door from closing also). . . Keep an eye on the fine print. I cannot emphasize this enough. You receive internet service in the resort fee ($28.00 a day ... no exceptions for anyone). HOWEVER, this is for ONE device. Therefore, if you and your boyfriend/girlfriend each have a device, it is an additional $19.99 a day. If you add your phone, an additional $19.99 a day. This is NOT entirely noticeable ... it is in the fine-print, and we were lucky enough to notice it. . . We were excited to have a mini-fridge since we wanted to buy some pastries at Bouchon for the morning. However, the odor was unreal. This fridge went unused. . . The crowd who seems to frequent this hotel is a "little rough." So keep a close eye on your belongings. (We had several awkward elevator rides with some truly stoned and shady characters .... two of whom appeared indigent). This is not a Wynn, Bellagio, or Four Seasons.. . Finally, if you book this hotel with the promise of amenities, print that screen. When we arrived, we were not given our two-per-room free buffet vouchers. We were told that was not an option. When I explained that it was a part of the package, the girl checking us in said it was not and asked for proof. I asked her how I could prove it ... she requested a screen-shot (LOL!) or a print out. I had to be "that person" and request a manager who gave us the comps "as a favor to us." (Double LOL!). . Note: there is no concierge at this hotel. So if you need show-tickets, they will try to get you to visit the individual casinos. What a waste of time. Instead, just call the casino and then they will direct you to a sister-casino to pick up the tickets. For example, some of us wanted to see Carrot Top, so we called the Luxor and then were permitted to pick up tickets as The Mirage ... one casino north). Other resorts we have frequented have a concierge who will get tickets for a party. These are not people who place the customer first.. . Book this hotel with extreme caution.
The hotel is extremely nice, however the reason for my low rating is the noise from the pirate show at night. This woke me up and the hotel staff were unwilling to assist with changing my room and did not mention this at all. We were told we got a jacuzzi room and just had a jacuzzi tub that barely fit one person.
I have just came here for staying two days. Feel so upset because of customer service. Room is not as clean as I thought. There is no reason to stay here, but to watch mystere.
