As a Brit I was embarrassed to eat here.. It was terrible. Overpriced ($10 for a side of chips/ potatoes) food not freshly prepared dry and not very warm snapper, mussels and clams old and cold. Very disappointing everything Gordon Ramsey tells establishments not to do. a wine lst that belongs in a 5 star  restaurant not a bar.  And I wish he would stop using the British flag he is not representing the average Brit.
Slow is key word! Not a little bit Terribly slow! 30-45 min for appetizers and the same for the entree! Fish was fishy and small in portion! Appetizer little burger bites were good. Others in my party were not impressed. . . Service people are very nice and personable but the kitchen is a disaster and killer!! For $50 a head plus tip I won't go again! Server was embarrassed by the kitchen. The beer is good and the server was knowledgeable. Even on reflection weeks later - No stars for kitchen -wait time and food (fish) poor! Server 4.0. Overall 1 stars. December 26. Unfortunately the service cannot overcome the food since that's why I came.. . I would caution accepting high reviews on face value. Appears they must have had a stellar opening and served drinks because the good reviews rarely focused on the Dinner food but liked the bar. Guess it depends on if you are there to eat or drink!. . Overall, I left my short trip to Vegas feeling I had wasted one good meal opportunity given the price there are just too many other outstanding choices to waste a dollar or precious time here! Appears Mr. Ramsey is better that hyping his restaurant and TV shows than producing it in his restaurant. Save your time and money.
Being a big fan of Gordon Ramsey and his steakhouse, I had high hopes for this place. My wife and I ate there on Christmas Eve.  Very disappointed. We sat on the pub side and we were not even offered to look at the pub menu. It wasn't until we ordered that I realized there was a second menu. We both chose the fish and chips. Greasy thick batter on flavorless fish. Chips were these thick cut and I don't mean steak like fries, I mean these block rectangular potatoes with no seasoning.  If you want fish and chips go to his steakhouse at Paris!!!  Also, the place just opened and Vegas was packed but this place was half empty at 9 pm.  Lousy vibe and music. The only positive were the cocktails.  Much better choices in Vegas.
I wish I could write a Awesome review but the experience was Terrible. 1/2/13 We had 6:15pm reservations, arrived early and seated at 6:09, from that point it was all down hill off a cliff!. . At 6:18 I had to ask one of the 5 waiters/waitresses that had walked by without even looking at us, I had to ask if one of them could help us, and/or who was the server at our table.  We found out that 'Jennifer' was over our table and never did show up and at 6:25pm when 'Kimberly' was assigned to us she comes over apologizes to us, turns to the table beside us to take their order who was just seated, the couple points out that we had been waiting forever and the waitress Kimberly says to her 'it"s ok, I will get them in a minute!'. . My wife bless her heart is not one to make a scene stands up with me and I tell the waitress we are leaving for good. Out the door we went, we will not be back, period.. . I am a Hugh Gordon Ramsay fan, books, cookware, knives, we have been to dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas, which was excellent. Just for the Gordonites in the crowd.. . We left went over to Bobby Flays 'Mesa Grill', was seated in less than 2 minutes, waitress acknowledgement and glass of water on the table in less than 1 minute! Hugh difference, not even close!. . Amazing Food and Amazing Service from Mesa Grill!! Saved our evening.. . I realize that no may care of even read this review but, it was extremely upsetting to see such a bad performance by the staff of a World Class Chef who I highly admire. The menu is extremely pricy for a pub so save your dollars up and forget the pennies it is not enough!
Wow. all i can say is disaster. overpriced food , small portions.. come on , 3 french fries with the burger? .. could go on about the food, buy why bother. . Service... not much to say there , because there was barely any. sat at bar. yea it was steady but the bartenders where like deer in headlights. not sure what the problem is there or who is to blame.
I was so disappointed. . . I love Gordon and am a Huge fan of his shows, books, cooking, and yes, was so looking forward to his pub here in Vegas.. But. in the form of his words it was pure " S.H.I.T." I am not sorry.. but it was . nothing but just that. Short with the Food and horrible service.. It's like a crowd of ducks quaking and not knowing what to do.  .  . Even the Mater D was horrifying. . The fish was uncooked and over cooked for my Fish and chips. The Potatoes were so thick it's hardly a Chip! RIDICULOUS OVER PRICED NASTINESS! . GORDON WHAT WERE YOU THINKING!!!! This joint needs help~ Seriously Real HELP! . I also, hope you can choose a better outfit for your waitresses ... They are horrifying!! . OH BLAH!!! Maybe i'll be back in 6 months once they have worked out all their Kinks but I will not be having the Fish and chips again... So... Sad... So Heart broken...
This was one of the worst restaurants ever. The food was great and juicy but the portions of the food was bad. We ordered the lamb ribs and they only gave us 2 tiny ribs the size of our pinky. Then we ordered this other dish that had steak, shrimp and ribs for $44.00 but they only gave us 1 shrimp, 1 riblet the size of my little pinky, and a tiny piece of steak. What a rip off if you guys haven't eat here yet don't they charge you a lot of money for just little portions of food.
Califlower soup: Just okay. Fish n Chips: One of the worst I've ever ate and way overpriced. Bangers and mash:  Good, but not worth the price for just a few pieces of sausage/mash potatoes/grilled onions.. Tourist trap.
Can't really talk about much but the poor service. We walked out after 25 minutes without any. We even told the hostess we were headed to the showroom. She said she would tell our server. We never saw a server. Too bad, the menu looked interesting.
Terrible service, food was over priced and bland. Manager was an A hole. Will not go back nor will I recommend this place to anyone. The worst restaurant experience I have ever had. If I was Ramsay I would be ashamed to have my name on this place.
So unless you want a free meal by having hot creamed spinach and beet greens spilled on you (or a friend) I suggest one of the other thousand restaurants in Vegas. . . Took forever to get served (even waters/drinks) after getting a late reservation. Food and drinks came out slow. took over 45 minutes to get our food after ordering. When the food finally came out the sides were not ready and my steak was already cooling down. We called the manager over to complain and while he was there apologizing, the creamed spinach side finally came and was accidentally dumped on one of our party. Needless to say dinner "was on them" after that. . The food did not live up to my impression of Gordon Ramsy except in that the kitchen was from hell.. . Our waitress tried to be as attentive as possible but this place is a train wreck and I think there are better options around for the money (assuming we had paid)
Gordan Ramsey needs to make a visit and yell at someone!! read on to see why!. . A local recommended this place as they had the best fish in chips in town, so my husband being a big fan of fish and chips, we thought hey why not? . . Well, once we got seated, I looked around that people had pretzal breads at their tables, and I thought, looks good and cant wait to try. . . Once we ordered our drinks, and food, there was no mention of bread coming or anything. So I looked at the menu, and did not see it on the menu to order it. We thought, it must come later.. . So after about 15 min, we got our drinks, and no bread.. Another 15 min, no bread. by this time, we are like WTF? Our waitress did not even come by!! UGH. I am hungry and mad. . So 10 more min, she came by and we asked about the bread, and she said, " you have to order it". well by this time, our dinner was coming, and we said no.. . Our food finally came. I ordered the Salmon, and I had asked if it was salty, and she said no. well first bite: SALTY!! UGH! Oh and it said it came with garlic chips, so I was expecting FRIES! as the rest of the menu had CHIPS (which are fries). Well you know what they were? SMALL ASS 4 pieces of garlic american chips. So small I didnt even see them!!! . . the fish and chips were OKAY, notthing special. I have had much better in Seattle and in dana Point, CA. . . So overall:. . 1. SERVICE: SUCKS! ( water NEVER got refilled). 2. FOOD is WAY TO Overprices for what you get (I can get much better food for the same price in Vegas). 3. FOOD IS OKAY, nothing WOW.. . I will never come back here again, and I do not recommend it at all. horrible horrible. Dont waste you time. Vegas is about fun and good food, well this is not one of them. . . Gordan Ramsey, sorry  this place is not so good.
We haven't been to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before but we were expecting a good experience. Boy were we wrong. Some of the food were pretty good, I'd give that 3 stars, our server was awesome - I give her 5 stars, everybody and everything  else 0 stars... . . First of all, we went at 5:45 to get a table for 3 - with lots of empty tables in the restaurant they tell us, they can't accommodate us until 9:45 that night. We weren't that hungry so we decided to take the 9:45 reservation. When we got there again, we had to wait to be seated because it seemed like they didn't even know which tables were available. . . We finally got seated at approximately 10:15 and the hostess gave us ONE menu for a party of three. Okay, you might be busy and ran out of menus for the moment, but you should give us two additional menus ASAP. She never came back, and every other party around us had a menu for per person in their party. My friend saw a hostess with extra menus in her hands so she flagged her down to give us the menus. She had the nerve to say, "I'm sorry, we usually only give ONE MENU PER TABLE." - really?! That's a ridiculous excuse...if you can't think of something better, just say sorry and hide behind the counter or something. Oh yeah they ran out of water as they were filling our glasses so one of them was half full and they never came back to give us more.... . We finally placed our order probably at 10:30. We ordered pub crisps (pretty good, might be a little too oily), mini sliders (I tried one that was overcooked, the meat was so dry), duck confit poutine (best dish of the night), a burger, and fish and chips (if I had read the review that all fish dishes were crap, I wouldn't have ordered this) and two drinks. During the 1+ hour that we were waiting for our food, we decided to order desserts ahead of time because we were afraid that would take another hour. We ordered the sticky toffee pudding and triple chocolate trifle - both were very good. We also got the peanut butter and jelly but that was too sweet for our taste buds. . . We ordered at the same time as this table of two girls that the bald manager guy snuck in after we were seated. But their food and drinks came way earlier than ours. . . We finally got our drinks at 10:45 and we didn't get any of our food until 11:44. That's over an hour after we placed our order, and people who were seated after us got their food, one table even paid and left already. Our food didn't even come in the order that the food should arrive, we got appetizers and entrees at the same time. At least they didn't bring us the dessert too. . . A different manager came with the people serving our food. My friend just started to complain about the poor service that we had all night. (Aside from our server - we didn't quite catch her name but she acknowledged us, she keeps coming back to tell us she had already asked the kitchen to hurry up and get us our food; she was very attentive and nice to us while we were waiting.) So the manager was apologizing, saying sorry that we had such a bad experience, yada yada ya. And they ended up giving us a free meal. . . If we had to pay, I would say the food is slightly overpriced. Portions are small but depending on what you order, the food was pretty good. (DON'T ORDER FISH!!) Unless they fix how they run the restaurant (kitchen and everybody else minus that one server), I wouldn't come back...even if I loved the duck confit poutine, sticky toffee pudding and the potted triple chocolate trifle -_- But they just opened recently, so I might give it one more try (after careful screening of fellow yelp reviewers comments) in the future or if it is still around.... . They have pretty judgmental people working there, if you want better, quicker service, then dress up. There was this other table near us, they received the same kind of crap service when it came to food, drinks, and all. They had to wait just as long as we did, if not longer. And they messed up their order on food too.
Good service even when at full capacity. That's where the good ends. First of all $8 for a bottle of water!  8!  F u Gordon. That's almost as much as my entree, the duck poutine. I would have been better off sticking to water. The poutine was so salty it was inedible. Awful. And few if any curds. Two tiny slivers of dried out duck. Yuk. Do not want.
So disappointed!. I came here expecting good pub food, and good service, after all that's what Mr Ramsay demands of others. . . We had a party of 10, and called at 8pm on a Thursday night, they couldn't fit us in until 9.45pm. OK so they're busy - a good sign I thought. We arrived at the appointed time, and there were about 20 people lined up for tables. Our table was ready so we went straight in.. . Service was terrible! We struggled to get the attention of a waiter to order drinks, and food. Drinks were slow to come to the table (maybe within 30 mins of sitting down), and the food took over an hour and 15mins to arrive! They got some of the orders wrong too. The place was not full, almost empty by the time we got our food.. . Within 5 minutes of our food arriving (by then 11.10pm) they turned the lights down, and down, all the way to almost complete darkness. We were eating in the dark! The waiters were using their iPhones flashlight just to see where they were going. We asked a passing waiter to turn the lights back on, he said he would have to ask his manager - eventually they turned them up a bit.. . The food was hit and miss. Fish and Chips - great fish, light fluffy batter, but disappointing chips - giant slabs of potato that were not crunchy or flavorful. It came with "house made tomato sauce" which tasted *exactly* like Heinz Ketchup.. . My friends weren't raving about their food either, some was good, some average.. . If Gordon was there he would've slammed this place shut until they got their act together.
Dear Gordon,. . This was my first trip to this 'restaurant' of yours. May I say if I wanted to feel like I wanted to be in one of your 'Kitchen Nightmare' shows this was it - at your very own restaurant. !! I am very disappointed Gordon.. .  Arriving Thursday evening, four front of house lady restaurant hosts in their tight fitting 'London' dresses (just to remind you you were entering the land of british cuisine) sparring over seating arrangements on their seating/reservation computer made for great amusement as the restaurant waiting line grew. . . Eventually getting to the front we asked whether we wanted to sit on the low tables or higher tables - we indicated lower. A few minutes later one of the other hosts took us to our higher table - we told her of what we had asked for - she seemed confused - however we told her we'd stay at the table she'd taken us to - communication a problem here ?.  .  After five to ten minutes waiting our waiter Ali D came along. A young chap who told me he had been educated at a college in Birmingham, UK and had attended business school but had come back to the States to waiter because the money was better 'waitering'. Taking my order of Shepard's Pie and a pint of Fullers he promply disappeared. Twenty five minutes passed and then the Shepard's Pie turned up.. . Ali still no where in sight with the beer. The bowls for the Shepard's Pie are circa 7" are smaller than what you think, however quality over quantity here as you are paying $23 for a tasting experience Ramsay style.  Asking this waiter about my drink - he promptly left and ten minutes later Ali turned up with the drink ! yeah ! - only 40 minutes to get a drink. !!. .  Quality of the Shepard's Pie - packed with lamb and vegetables , it was not extraordinary in anyway , however what let it down considerably was the mash potato topping which was watery, singing to the fact this thing had just been microwaved - either that, or Gordon's mum had trained Gordon to make mashed potatoes this way - I think not.  . .  After finishing this and waiting another ten minutes for Ali to come back, I decided to be brave and order the Sticky Toffee pudding. At this point , I had a further surprise - a bread basket appeared !! another first for me - isn't this suppose to appear at the start of the meal ? . . Five minutes, ten minutes, fifteen minutes , boy how long does it take to make this dessert ? Ali passed  us a number of times and no comment from him. Eventually I flagged down another waiter and told him I was 'pissed' and wanted to see my waiter. A few minutes later Ali turned up, telling him promply to cancel the dessert offering and get me the bill. No apologies or anything, he left the table. Bringing us the bill for, you've got it, for $122.00 !!! - instead of $32 - way to go Ali !! . . .  At this juncture, I think one of the other waiters must have summoned the attention of the evening manager Brian Ward. Brian was exemplary in apologizing. for the level of service I had received and invited me back to experience the restaurant one more time as I had a couple more days in town. He gave me his card and I thanked him for coming over to make amends. . .  Unfortunately Gordon, there are many other places in Vegas to eat and this is one restaurant of yours I shall not be returning to. This place is a disaster and I'd strongly urge you Gordon to get on the next flight here to shake things up as. this restaurant could be on the road to no where sooner than what you think.. Sorry to give you this news, but as a fellow Brit - I have to be honest.. . If you want me to show your Chef there how to make Shepard's Pie - I'll gladly take the F Word challenge against him/her and see who wins.
Gordon. Cmon mate.  You have a show to tell people how to run a restaurant and this place is a joke.  While food was decent, service speed was horrible.  You should be ashamed to have your name on this place.  The place was 30% occupied at 830 on Monday night and it took 25 min to get our drinks.  Took equally long to get second round which showed up when dinner was finished.  Our bill could have been twice as large and we had a party of 8.  Get off of your high horse and run your business!!
Well it was my husbands birthday and to treat him to a nice dinner we decided on the newly opened Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill..  I had made reservations for 8pm, but we arrived around 7:30pm. There was a bit of a backup at the hostess booth. They were having trouble deciding who to seat first and there wasn't really in order to it. A little bit chaotic if you ask me, especially for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. The restaurant is definitely British themed, no doubt about that. There were a few TV's playing the various games, but other than the medium size bar and the wall of empty kegs, nothing screamed pub. Once we were seated, they gave us the Ipad which had the drinks menu on it. I was fine with water, but my husband ordered a 20 oz Innis and Gunn. His drink was brought over fairly quickly and we decided to order the appetizer, while we decided on our main course. We ordered the pork belly entree to share as a starter. After deciding what we wanted to eat, we placed our menu's down on the table. Our server  came by and took them away without asking or getting our order! I had to flag her down to ask her to bring them back so we could order our food. A few moments after we ordered our entrees, our pork belly arrived. I had noticed that every other table around us had received bread, so I asked if we could get some bread. She said she had put out order for the bread in. We were almost finished with the pork belly roll, with pea puree which was very tasty, when our bread arrived. Around this time the server came over to refill our water glasses, she touched the spout of the water pitcher (which looks like a clear wine bottle) to the rim of my cup. Lucky, she had not refilled my husbands water, so I switched and drank out of his. When she came over to refill 'his' glass, she again touched the rim. I was able to waive down a bus boy and get a straw. Our dinner arrived and I decided to focus on that. I had ordered the lamb, while my husband had ordered the mixed grill, which included, filet, pork belly and shrimp. I had ordered my lamb medium and I felt and that it was on the well side, and I also thought that it tasted burnt. It was charred after all, but my husband tasted it and said it tasted fine. My taste buds are extremely sensitiveness at the moment, so I decided to let it go. My husband was happy with his dish, but the side dishes that we ordered to share got mixed reviews. We ordered the carrots, two ways (roasted and pureed) and the mashed potatoes. Neither side dish was served with a spoon. Keep in mind these are family style dished. Luckily, we didn't mind sharing. So we had to use our forks to get the carrot puree and the mashed potatoes out of the dishes. I was by no means happy about this and than the server came over to refill my water for the third time she not only touched the rims of the glasses but also the straws. In addition every time the server came over to our table she bent down so her face was at my level. I did not like this, especially when she was at the table next to us. When she bent over to them, her butt was in our faces. Not very lady like and not very professional at all. I was pretty much fed up with her service at this point. I walked to the front and asked to speak with the manager. I ended up waiting at the front for at least 5 minutes while being repeatedly told that the manager was on her way. When she finally arrived, I informed her what was going on in regards to our water glasses, and said I didn't appreciate that at all. I also questioned the method of serving side dished without spoons and she said that side dishes were not served with spoons. She said that she would follow me back to the table and observe. I thought the least she would do is have someone bring us new water glasses.  After a few minutes of waiting and never receiving new glasses, the server came over to ask what we wanted for dessert. We turned down dessert and asked for the check. The check in case you were wondering was not discounted in any way and was close to $200. I have now been to "Steak" four time, and always rave about it to my friends. Everyone was waiting for my review on the Pub and Grill and I will not be raving about this to anyone. I was so disappointed. Yes, I understand it is a Pub and Grill, it is not Steak, but I think that a little professional can go a long way- especially considering the prices at just a 'pub!' Little things like touching my water glass and then the glasses next tables and back again, doesn't make me very happy. Also serving side dishes that need spoons, without spoons??? This restaurant has a long way to go.. . Not Impressed
Gordon Ramsey, you need to rescue your own restaurant!  I love to watch your TV shows so had high expectations. So disappointed!!!!!. . We made reservations for 7:30pm, arrived 20 minutes early so were shown to the bar. After waiting until 8:00 pm, and having to check with the hostess, we were finally seated at an empty table that we noticed was empty the whole time we were standing bar dodging the waiters/waitresses coming through with trays of drinks. . . As soon as wesat down, a waiter tried to deliver a yummy looking dessert, but we hadn't even ordered yet!. . Three of us ordered the fish and chips and the other ordered mixed grill. After about 45 minutes, two fish and chips and the mixed grill were served. We all sat there for another 15 minutes for the last poor guy to be served.  By the time all the food was served, everything was barely warm. The fish was only so-so, "the chips" (big fat fries) were very good, but not chips! The peas were good. On the mixed grill, the shrimp was tough, and the pork belly was fried so long it was hard.. . I think this restaurant is overpriced, but great service and great food are worth it. Unfortunately, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill had neither.
I wish I could give a more detailed review concerning the food but we couldn't even get pass the bad hostess in the front to get into the place...I'm a local vegas "foodie" and decided to try this place on a Monday night around 630pm figuring it shouldn't be too busy and when my gf and I looked around the restaurant was half empty including the tables in front by the bar...as soon as I asked the hostess if we could sit she said it would be a 45 min wait so when I asked if we could sit at the bar and wait she said that area was reserved also...so I stayed polite and gave her my name and number and sat in front by the slots and watched as she let others in...after twenty minutes of watching this we felt insulted and left the casino and ate at a local Thai place with way better service...and not surprisingly the hostess at Gordon who I gave my number to never called me the whole night...so I'm going to make it a point to not recommend this place to all my local foodie friends and make sure none of Gordon's restaurants get a penny from me ever..thanks Gordon Ramsey for the worst front service I've ever experienced here in vegas!
My sister and I had dinner here and I was so excited to experience Chef Ramsay menu. The pretzels were great but that is all I can say about the food. We ordered the beef check and I had a steak. The beef check was so salty and the veggies (2 slivers of potatoes & carrots). My steak had no flavor and was tough. The service was amazing and the manager did apologize for the quality of food.  I would have expected much more
I don't write too many reviews but figured I should take the time for this one. Burgers were ordered medium and medium rare and both burgers came out very well done. One of the 4 fries that came with it was frozen in the middle. We told the server about the burgers and fries and said he would take the burgers back but by this time we were so hungry we just ate them. After having to ask if something could be done because of the poor food preparation we received $10 off the bill. Save you money and skip this place if you're in Vegas and looking for a good meal.
Unfortunately i have to leave one star but its not even worth that. I was excited to try this place , now I m excited  to leave and never come back . Took over an hour to get a burger which was way over cooked almost burned (did not ask for well well done) and tasteless along with mayo that tasted more like garlic than real mayo. If you looking to pay top dollars for food that has no taste this is the right place.
Ok where do i start...when we arrived we were told 25 min wait w/ several tables open. Once we were about to leave mysteriously one or 10 opened up. Th. e food took 45 min to come and all we had was mac n cheese and a burger after we asked our waiter. The drink took 10 min to come and didn't look like the photo shown. The cauliflower soup was nothing more than the flavor out of a campbells can...the water was not refilled and when asking the waiter of the black things on my mac that tasted like black olives he said they were truffles and i told him they did not look like the truffles that i had the night before at Gordon Ramsay's steak- phenomenal by the way and all he said was there are different ones but knew nothing about them then asked if i wanted something different....NOT WORTH the MONEY...go to Ramsay's steak much better. Oh the menu outside the resturaunt had mac n cheese and burgers where the one inside didn't so we had to ask for them separately.
We had just gotten to Vegas and decided to try this place out for a quick dinner before heading back to our hotel. Little did we know this meal would take almost 2 hours due to painfully slow service.. . Our waitress informed us that they were out of fish & chips...this is supposed to be an "English" pub and you're out of fish & chips...ok. . . I had the Caesar salad for an appetizer which was drenched in dressing. For my meal, I had the pork belly roll. I had high hopes since I love pork belly, but this had more fat than actual pork. It was also so salty that I could feel my fingers swelling as I ate it. Others ordered the scallops which were terrible, as well as the shepards pie, which was dry and had no vegetables in it. . . The best part of the meal was the sticky toffee pudding. . . Overall, this place sucked. I am appalled that Gordon Ramsey yells at and denigrates people on television for their cooking skills while his own restaurant is sub-par with terrible service. I am not a fan of Gordon Ramsey. Perhaps he should take a break from acting holier than thou on TV and pay attention to his shitty restaurant.
What a disaster. We came with a large party. They knew we were coming. 2.5 hours later and we just got the salad. We were here for 4 hours before dinner was complete. Manager is clueless. They scheduled 2 servers for a party of 40.
We had some time to kill before the show and decided to walk to the pub from ceasers for a drink. When we arrived there, we approached the young lady at the front and said that we didn't have time to eat but wanted to sit in the bar section and have a drink. She asked if we had a reservation !?! A reservation for a drink in a pub ? WTH - it this- has GR lost his mind ? Good luck.
ATTENTION: This restaurant is a Caesars Palace property. It is NOT owned by Gordon Ramsay. Do not expect better quality than you would from the food court or handful of other Caesar owned food spots within Caesars Palace. Gordon Ramsay's influence ended at accepting a check to put his name above the door. . . My friend and I didn't believe the restaurant  could be as bad as the reviews claimed. It was worse.. . The fish and chips were revolting. I said to my friend, at least the bad reviews usually say the mushy peas are good. FALSE. I managed 2-3 bites of each, as did my friend, before sending it back. The waitress acted like she was doing me a favor by comping it, which was also contingent upon her taking the plates right then. Pretty insulting.. . The staff was incompetent and rude. They wandered around clueless of what they should be doing. They would form large packs then break apart and begin wandering again, only to reform the pack in another area.. . The sound from the sub woofer which was conveniently located 5 FEET behind my friends chair was an added bonus. We asked that it be turned down. The manager had the waitress tell us "No". For the record my friend and I are guys, we were there to eat, drink and watch the games. When I say the sound was to loud, I'm saying we had to lean in and almost yell to converse. . . To add insult to injury my St. Bernadus 12 was served with a plastic cup.. . This was par for my overall experience with Caesars. Pathetic.
After visiting this weekend the wife and I decided to check it out. Based on all the hype from hells kitchen we had expectations that this was a quality place. It was a disapointment Was not to the standards that Gordan Ramsey would have.. . Service: Horrible, after being seated it took long time before our drink orders were taken. Ordering water was a choir and we didnt even get it the way we asked which was how the waiter offered it. The bus or water people had this pissed off look like they did not want to be there. I ordered a bottle beer and it took half an hour before i got it Mind you it was not that busy It looked disorganized and it seemed like the staff really didnt care about any of the customers Even the manager seemed like he avoided everyone. There are 2 menus pub and grill, the server didnt bother explain it I only asked becuase I saw someone else with it. After ordering food that took an hour and they seemed to confuse which tables. No apologies about the delays. We werent asked for desert, refills or if we wanted more from the menu. terrrible service. While we were there, we saw at least 3 customers complaining to manager about the service. At one point a customer got pissed and walked out. You almost want to warn people not to waste there time there.. . Food:  the food was average we had devilish eggs and the pretzels which was good. We ordered the Salmon from the grill menu and the Rib and cheek sandwhich The sandwich was good but nothing wow. The salmon was dry,cold and bland. We ended up sending it back. Of course no apolgies for thr food quality. Not up to par for chef ramsey also for what it was, it was overpriced. . . Overall, I wouldnt return unless the overhal the entire place.Too bad becuase it seems like it has potential Maybe chef ramsey should come down and film an episode of Kitchen nightmares to fix it. I would recomend going to other resturants at Ceasers.
Well... where to start?  The evening before we enjoyed a FANTASTIC dinner at Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab (It's in Caesars...run...don't walk to this place if you want a wonderful dining experience) . . So... we figured we would give this place a try, the menu price wise is about the same as Joe's, we expected something close to the level of service Joe's offers.... BOY we we wrong!  . . The waitress sat us and the bench seat I was in sank down like an old worn out sofa... it was awkward to dine in. . . She brought us an Ipad for the drink menu and didn't really go over the ordering process... we figured it out and pressed on. . . I ordered the mixed grill which comes with a couple of shrimp, pork belly, and a fillet.  When the food arrived the side dish we ordered did not show up. No apology, the guy just said he would go back and the dish would be out in 5 min. My wife ordered the Scallops with polenta...  Her scallops were not bad but the polenta was nonexistent ... her bowl looked empty LOL a few scallops and faint smear of polenta.  My meal... the steak was over cooked, it had a good flavor but wasn't nearly as good as the fillet I had at Joe's the night before. The pork-belly was the best thing in the dish and the shrimp were very plain... lacked any seasoning. . . About half way through the meal we stopped eating... called over the waitress who hadn't followed up about the missing side dish.  She went back... said it would be out in 5 min.  Again... no apology... nada.  Then she went on drifting around the place not doing much of anything.  We waited a little longer... said screw it and finished our meals.  Not once during the meal did the waitress check on us... offer to get us additional drinks... nada.  . . As soon as we finished the meal... the guy shows up with the side.  I politely let him know we didn't want it... we had finished our meals. About 10 min later the waitress drops off the check... minus the side and says have a good night.  Again... never admitting there was an issue... just treated us like the millionth pain in the ass tourist she has served. . . For a $150 + meal... you would expect better food and better service.  . . This place was a huge letdown.  I only wish I would have read the Yelp reviews prior to wasting our time and money at this 2 star establishment.  I've had better meals and service and chain restaurants. . . Again... if you want a great meal... with great service... I highly recommend you walk on down to Joe's on the 1st level of Caesar's Palace. You will not be disappointed. . . (PS... . . Frank
I went there for lunch and it was horrible. Overpriced, mediocre food and servers in the goofiest uniforms I have seen in some time. Save your money and aggravation.
SHUT IT DOWN!. . I was incredibly disappointed when we went to grab dinner here last night. Chef Ramsey would have been so upset at the lack of customer respect. It was like they really didn't care. And I found this unacceptable. . . The hostess took us to our table which was a very cool table but it was not very comfortable for our group to have dinner at. It was so low, that there was no way we could even eat or cut our meat. If we were just drinking then we would have hung out here all night. I asked the hostess for a booth, which was right next to the original table. . . She told me that the 4 empty booths were reserved and we couldn't sit there. I asked the hostess how embarrassed would she be if we sat at the uncomfortable table and no one showed up for those 4 booths in the next hour.  She ignored me and didn't respond. . . She then told me that this was the only table we could have. The sad part is that 60% of the tables were empty and she refused to seat us anywhere else.  I told her I wanted to speak to the manager. She went back to the hostesses station told the other girl and the second hostess rolled her eyes. Honestly I'm the customer.  I don't need to see that. The hostess made a phone call to the manager, who never picked up his phone.  She then went in the back and when she came back she gave us one of the booths we had requested. Wow! What changed?. . First, why did it take me 10 minutes to get a booth in a restaurant that was only 40% full. Secondly, I asked to speak to the manager and the manager never came out. Why? Completely unacceptable and disrespectful. Really where is the manager and why didn't he come over to talk to us. . . On a side note: At 10:22pm, we were seated and at 12:19am the booths were still empty.  In fact, nobody ever sat in any of those booths for almost 2 hours. It became apparent that the hostess completely lied to us by telling us they were reserved. Who is training the staff to act like this?. . Plus we sat at our table with no service for about 10 minutes. I believe the hostesses probably thought it was funny to send no one over.  We all discussed leaving but decided to stay. . . At 11:52pm all of the lights went full blast, during our meal. It was so bright it hurt our eyes. I spoke to the guy cleaning the tables and he went to speak to the manager and the lights went back down after 5 minutes.  We were just trying to finish our dinner. He came back and said, "the manager had no idea who turned all the lights on!" I think the manager might need a visit from GR and he may have his lights turned on. The waitress told us the lights go full blast every night at that time. I think it must be on a timer, like last call for alcohol. But it should not blast all the lights in the dinning areas. It was not a fun feeling as we ate our dinners. . . My first drink didn't look like the picture in the iPad menu. And I was told by the waitress that the drinks never look like the photos in the iPad. Then why do we have photos of the drinks in the iPad? Again this is wrong and not right. GR would be screaming at someone. . . I went to order another drink at 12:00am but was informed that the bar was closed. I said really and why didn't someone tell us it was last call. There was no response. I told the waitress that I was just having a wheat beer and it shouldn't be a problem to pour a pint. All the bartenders were still there. She went to ask and came back with my pint but I noticed that the Orange slice was missing and about an inch of beer was also missing.  I asked where was the orange slice (this beer is suppose to come with it) and I was told that it was wrapped in Saran Wrap and put away. I asked her to grab me a slice and she said that it wouldn't be possible. Why is this dinner so painful?. . I'm so mad that I haven't even got to reviewing the food yet.  The best thing we had here was the fingerling potatoes. It was a side dish but it was the star of the show. My buddy was not happy with his lamb. It was covered in a cheese and he felt it was over powering. I liked my PEI mussels and clams but didn't love them. They came with chorizo, carmelized fennel and lemon zest. I've had better mussel dishes elsewhere. I will say that the shellfish was fresh and only two clams had some sand in them. . . Would I come back here again? Probably never! So you're saying there's a chance? I would only probably ever eat here if Chef Ramsey was actually here running it. This place needs to be on one of those Restaurant Rescue Food shows and its only been open 4 months. I was also informed by the staff that GR had only been there 5 times in the last 4 months, since this location opened. If that is true then, he really needs to spend some time here fixing the many issues. I think the loser of Hell's Kitchen might be running this place?. . I let my love of GR influence my choice to stay! Next time I will follow my brain and not my heart. We should have all walked.
Absolutely awful. I would mention our severs name but it was never given. After the first hour of asking for him 3 times just to order drinks, we somehow received a bread basket 1.5 hours later 2 minutes prior to the meal. Never saw our server again... Not for a napkin, not to check in, not for more drinks, and not even to see if we wanted dessert in celebration of my friends birthday. He simply dropped the bill on the table and walked away. As a local- even just as a patron, the service was appalling. On our way out, my friend appropriately made a comment to the hostess in hopes that management would be made aware to which he was given the response "I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do.". . Waste of time money space and unfortunately a special occasion. Gordon Ramsay may be a good chef, but his business sense is absolutely pathetic.  Mr Ramsay, you've been CHOPPED!
The service was like a Greek tragedy and you hoped the food contained poison so that the evening would end early.   I haven't complained to the manager about service in years, but that changed last night.  While GR's pub food is generally fine, the overall experience was horrible.
I can't review the food because after an hour at our table, ours never arrived. Even after I spoke to the manager and he promised it would be out in 5 minutes, no dinner....and no explanation or apology from our server.   Run, do not walk, away from this rude and loud establishment.  Watching my 85 year old dad storm out in disgust is a memory I will never forget!
We were thrilled to WIN a dinner at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We watch his shows and thought dinner would be amazing. The first two items we ordered were "86ed". We said that was too bad since we really wanted to have them and the waiter replied that it was "good" since they were busy that night.  Good for him, bad for us,  but it didn't occur to him to think that way.  My husband ordered rack of lamb, and since the apps we wanted were not available he asked about the portion size and was told it was " three bones". When  the dish came with two, he asked the waiter about it and the waiter said he would check with the kitchen, then came back and told us he was misinformed  and the serving  went by weight. However, he agreed that it looked like a double cut chop, not a rack of lamb for $38. The meat was chewy,had no sauce, & needed seasoning. My  scallops, a dish Ramsay routinely dumps in the trash on his show, were nicely browned but served in a tasteless broth that made them a soggy mess. Although our waiter became more apologetic when the table next to us also complained about their lamb, and brought us a complimentary dessert, it was a really disappointing meal. Like the woman at the table next to us said, " This restaurant is a Kitchen Nightmare and needs fixing."
Extremely disappointing experience. Avoid this overpriced dump at all cost. The food wasn't even edible. I can't believe the they charged me $4.00 for each soda when I couldn't even eat the disgusting food/slop they set in front of me. The manager came over to ask if I wanted to be subjected to more of this typhoid contaminated garbage they call food, but I figured I had better not even smell the hazardous waste their pushing unless i wanted to vomit. All in all, my recommendation would be to bulldoze this swine infested dump, and replace it with a more desirable place to eat; a hot dog stand would be an improvement. Please, if you care about yourself, your family, your friends, and prefer not to have your stomach pumped while in Las Vegas, DO NOT EAT AT GORDON RAMSEY'S PUB & GRILL CAESARS PALACE.
You can't sport the name Gordon Ramsay and serve us our entrees an hour after being seated..... Don't even bother speaking to themanager because all he'll do is tell you they can do better and invite  you to come back next time for a "better experience" (no discount btw).....Seriously? There are plenty of great restaurants with better service in Vegas, why should I come back? Ridiculous! Don't waste your time here.
Terrible, terrible service.  And the waitress' uniforms made me uncomfortable, their dress is fine but the lock on their choker necklace, very tacky. And did I mention about their service? Horrible! We waited an hour and a half, and still didn't get our food. Maybe cause  it's the way we were dressed, but I had better service at Lawry's wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt.
First, we walked in and were seated fairly quickly. Our Waitress never came to our table so the waitress working the tables next to ours took our order. It still took at least 10 minutes to even be noticed. . We ordered two orders of the sliders. One we ordered well done. The food took forever to come and when it did they didn't know whose was whose.. The food was mediocre to say the lease. I would not go back Ramsey should take a tip from Wolfgang because as a foodie I've never eaten a bad meal at any of Wolfgang's restaurant!
Terrible service.  Ignored for 20 minutes.  Spoke to 3 servers who ignored us.  Expected a lot more from the GR brand.  How disappointing.
Really? This restaurant bears the name of Gordon Ramsey? Actually, more closely resembles Amy's Baking Kitchen. How can he have any credibility judging and criticizing the food of others when his establishment serves such horrible food?. . Now I wanna say that the service was excellent and the staff very warm. Drinks were large as they should be for the price. Apps were okay. Onion soup was awesome and vegetable salad solid. But the entrees were absolutely horrible. I had the pork belly and could only get through a  bite. It was too fatty and oily, without flavor! . . I'm shocked that for the money and considering all the great good alternatives, how can this place stay in business? Should have just gone to Nobu and spent $50 more!
I have never been more disappointed in my LIFE!!! my first experience was so amazing I am now this thinking I imagined the the whole thing.  We were a party of 7 with reservations and we were completely forgotten about..... yes forgotten.... I guess other dinners were more deserving of our food. After 2 hours of being nice and waiting we all snapped and were ready to go. Our imcompentent waiter seemed surprised when we said we were tired of waiting of....REALLY???!!!!! if he had done his job we would have spent a fortune on alcohol while waiting but he didn't do that right either.  The only good thing he did was tell the manager we were leaving who had enough common sense to stop by and did comp what we did get while waiting.  We left and the tip is we should have gone somewhere else. The hubby wanted to stop later in the week for a drink I said NEVER AGAIN for any reason. I would not Wang 7 people to walk out and also being platinum and diamond total reward members.....I have been telling everyone and writing lots about my trip isn't there a saying about telling two people who tell two people and so on.......all I can say is don't waste your time or money.
Very disappointed. Sand in the scallops. Fish and chips - fish over-cooked. When told waiter, he said he would let know chef know. Came back and said no one else complained. I asked if he thought I was lying. Said no, but no one did anything. Not what I expected from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. My family is English and I have had MUCH better fish and chips from our local take out in San Diego and a LOT cheaper!
Had to walk out.  Sat waiting for drinks (even water).  The table we were sitting at wasn't big enough for kids, much less adults.  GR should be embarrassed.
When you think of Gordon Ramsay's reputation, you think of culinary excellence. This place delivered anything but. The food is horrifically bad. Of the 4 dishes, the food was bland, dried, cold (when it should have been hot) and beyond disappointing. The wait staff must have been trained by the Renaissance Festival circa 1980. Since when does a person go out to spend $30 a plate and be treated like they're wasting a servers time and beneath them? Here's a bit of advice, you can talk to me like Gordon Ramsay when you're writing my paycheck. But if I'm the one potentially giving you yours, don't give me any lip and don't act like an ass. To Gordon's Ramsay Pub and Grill staff: Piss off all of you!
Service was atrocious, our waiter, ALI only showed up at our table when we got his attention.  Gave us the wrong bill (much higher than ours).  It was the first time I have had to give less than 20%.  I ordered the scallops and they had a ton of sand in them.  Will NEVER go  back.
Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares? Try "You Don't Know From a Nightmare Until You've Sat at Your Own Bar, Gordon Ramsay.". . We went to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill this evening to watch the NBA Playoffs. Things started off well enough--we though the fish and chips were a bit greasy and way overpriced, and the french fries tasted burnt, but this was our first time at this restaurant, so we just thought that they were prepared strangely. When someone next to us was served the same dish, we realized that our french fries HAD been burned beyond all recognition.. . We were having a fun time with the bartenders--lots of laughing and jokes. However, one of the bar backs, Antoine, followed my girlfriend when she went to the bathroom. Antoine, is a large, menacing character, and she was not comfortable with his aggressive behavior. When she came back from the bathroom, he came out from the back and handed her his phone number. Later, he said, "You better not have thrown that number away. You better call me or you can't ever come in here again.". . At the end of the evening, one of the bartenders, Keith, put two drinks in front of us that we did not order, and said, "Try this." We assumed that he wanted us to try a new drink he was working out--we are very familiar with bars, and it wouldn't be the first time that a bartender had asked us to try his drink. I did not care for mine, so I wasn't drinking it. When Antoine came out again, he said, "What's wrong?" I said that I did not like it. Antoine then proceed to PICK UP MY DRINK, DRINK OUT OF THE STRAW, AND PUT THE DRINK BACK IN FRONT OF ME. I sat, mouth agape with incredulity astounded by his presumptuousness, and all I could manage to utter was, "I don't want that." He then took the drink and said, "I can't drink this out here, but I will take it in the back. Thanks for the drink!" I have never seen anything like this. As I type this, I still cannot fathom that a server (or any other human being) would drink out of a stranger's drink. IN WHAT WORLD IS THIS ACCEPTABLE?!?!? Especially in the context of a server and a customer. My head almost exploded. I supposed that it is fortuitous that I was intimidated by Antoine because that spared everyone from me causing a scene.. . I called immediately after leaving the restaurant/bar. When I asked to speak to the manager, the hostess who answered the phone said, "Sure! What's your name, Hun?" I am a doctor and a college professor. "Hun?" What year is this?. . When I spoke the the manager, there was no greeting on the phone, he just said, "Zeus." It took a few seconds for me to understand that he was actually stating his name, and I wasn't transferred to the wrong number. When I told Zeus the story, his response was, "So, I don't understand--are you saying that Antoine threatened you?" Hopeless--these people are all so hopeless. Zeus assured me that he would take our last two drinks off of the bill and tell the regional manager about Antoine's behavior. I am not really sure how that is an appropriate response to this horrific situation. . . So, I guess we won't be returning to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill, because my friend has no interest in calling Antoine--she couldn't afford to pay for all of his drinks all night anyway.
We went to GR's P&G this afternoon for lunch and, I won't ask forgiveness for being blunt, this place was absolutely terrible and the only black mark on an otherwise perfect tour of Vegas' fantastic dining experiences. . . I must also say that we have very forgiving natures when it comes to restaurants, and that neither of us are food snobs; we simply like good food, whether it's from a proper gastro-pub or from a fine restaurant. This of course was neither. . . I ordered the little sliders (I forget already what they called them, having all day tried to repress the memories). I don't mind paying good money for good food or for good quantities. These sliders fit none of those descriptions. Each was as small as a silver dollar, greasier than anything from a proper pub, and to be quite honest flavourless save for the strong garlic butter the came with. A "plate" of three of them cost 14 dollars. The "chips" were greasier than a fast food place, were not crisp, and flavourless to match the sliders. These little greese-bars were nine dollars alone. . . My charming companion tried the shepherd's pie. Being the verbally generous thing she is, she could only say that the dish wasn't terrible. A 22 dollar bowl of tripe is not what you'd expect from a fancy chef's establishment. Having tasted the pie myself, I could not be so forgiving in my description as her, nor could I really come up with something intelligent and so instead made, I think, an awkward face upon tasting it. . . The one thing I will say was pleasant was the service. The hostess was very friendly, and the server was rather attentive and pleasant. This, combined with the fact we were terribly hungry when we arrived, was the only thing stopping us from walking out. . . Again, I must point out that I am not snobbish when it comes to food. This place was terrible for cheap food, let alone for something this expensive. In our time at Vegas, I have eaten fantastic burgers at "I Heart Burger", "The Grand Lux Cafe", and KGB (Kerry's Gourmet Burgers" . . . Each of these phenomenal burgers were cheaper than my tiny little sliders and had flavors I cannot even describe. If you feel the need for a good burger, I would recommend any of those. . . I feel I must end this review on a positive remark . . . their little symbol of the Union Flag within an English Bulldog was cute.
It is a shame how truly disappointing this restaurant was. We purposely made a 5 p.m. reservation because we had our baby with us and were celebrating Father's Day. On two separate occasions I called the restaurant to confirm that we could bring the baby. Upon our arrival at 4:50 p.m., the hostess snarkily told us to come back at 5 p.m., the time of the reservation, and we would be seated. Ouch! Mind you, there were tables everywhere but we did as we were told. Once seated, our baby was sleeping and would have remained asleep had our waiter not taken it upon himself to move her stroller from where the hostess told us we could park it. From the get go, our server was visibly irritated that we would have the audacity to bring a baby to this restaurant. From there it went from bad to worse. Here are some highlights... the food (corn soup, English peas) was not even warm; anytime we asked for anything (a straw, a glass of cranberry juice, an oyster fork) we never got it; HORRIBLE service combined with lackluster food does not justify a $256 price tag. When the manager asked how our experience was we were honest and told him and he responded by offering free dessert which we took to go. The one menu item I'd recommend is the sticky toffee pudding.
Perhaps their slogan should be "We garnish our salt with food".  We all 5 ordered different dishes and all had the same bloated feeling halfway through our meals.  The onion soup was laden with so much salt we couldn't even get through it.  All woke up the next day looking like the Goodyear Blimp - puffy eyes etc.. I'm a Brit and sadly his menu didn't even come close to a "pub".  In all fairness, I don't even think he wrote the menu. . Their host staff look as though they have been stuffed into fish and chip wrappers. Completely unflattering dresses.. Come on people, a pub should be the easiest restaurant to get right, but you tried too hard and you got this one wrong.
Bad food, horrible service, long wait times, & not worth the price.  We waited an hour to get a table.  I ordered the corn soup.  After waiting 25 minutes, it came out lukewarm.  The flavor combination was odd, and the temperature didn't help.  I sent it back.  My wife ordered the three blend sliders (pub spots) and I ordered the Jidori chicken breast.  Our waitress didn't know what kind of meat was in the sliders.  They were bland and so was the chicken breast...no seasoning at all.  We could only eat half of our meals because of the bland taste.  The only good part of this meal was the sticky toffee pudding.  $82 later, we walked out very disappointed.  We won't be going back.
Food was ok, but the service was awful. We asked for lemon with our water on the first and infrequent visit by our server and asked again at water delivery only to wait 10 minutes more. My wife is pregnant and when ordering a lemonade he actually chuckled. Entrees arrived and the server was no where to be found to see if we had what we needed. Turns out my steak wasn't delivered with a steak knife so I asked the guy who I'd seen make 4 rounds and figured was the manager, even though he never actually talked to any of the tables, for a knife since I couldn't seem to find my actual server. 5 minutes later I had what I needed to eat my meal. No doubt that the lack of service starts at the top. . . Like I said, food was ok, but way overshadowed by the lack of service. I would figure that a Ramsey restaurant would pride themselves on that front but i figure Gordon is too busy with TV shows and opening a plethora of joints while his stock is worth anything. Great corn soup with crab, smashed fingerlings are awesome, just wish the staff wasn't disaffected like their attire.
Embarrassing.  On Juy 16 2013 we've got a drink server and a bread server, but the main waiter Scott was barely showing up. We've waited forever for our food and had to ask another waiter for status. He then found out that our food was accidentally taken by someone else, or whatever else happened.  We then got out filet steak which was just mediocre for a $45 steak. I visited over 100 restaurants in this city and this one was one of my worst experiences.
Ambience was trendy, Food was good, overpriced, but the service was AWFUL.  (Dear Bryan, we didn't stiff you.  10% was overtipping for the attitude that you brought.)  From the second we sat down till the moment we had to ask for our check, we were a bother. There were FIVE long legged girls working the hostess counter but only saw THREE waiters in the entire restaurant.  And it wasn't lack of experience.  He brought the Gordon Ramsay "you're an idiot" attitude to all of his tables.  So if you want to be treated like a moron for asking if the toffee pudding is good and being told that it's like "EVERY OTHER toffee pudding in normal restaurants, "scoff" then go somewhere else.  After 5 years of waiting tables, I don't complain.  This experience was the exception.
I've never written a review, but I felt very compelled to do so for this restaurant. Our bill for two was $127 including two glass of wine and no appetizers.  For this price we were expecting the food to be exceptional...and it definitely was not!  We left disappointed and unsatisfied. The food was mediocre and lacked flavor...it was very bland.  Service was also very slow and our pub table was very tall making it difficult to eat comfortably. We love Gordon Ramsey's tv show and were hoping for excellence. For a man who reprimands people for lack of taste, flavor, and service, we were expecting more. We will not be back to eat at this restaurant.
Well like many of the other reviews our expectations were based on our belief that Mr. Ramsay's consistent push for excellence would be reflected in his own establishment. Our party of seven had reservations for over two moths prior to arrival, unfortunately we still waited twenty five minutes to be seated. Our server who was friendly and enthusiastic was also inattentive and unprofessional. We waited for over 15 min. every time we ordered drinks, and even though our entrees took 67 mins from the moment we sat down, he only served one serving of bread sticks (5). We are frequent travelers to Las Vegas and clearly understand that everything is over priced, However we were extremely disappointed in the service and the quality of the food.
So sad.  After enjoying meals at Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse in Paris Las Vegas I had high hopes for this restaurant.  Because of the bad reviews my boyfriend said no, but I insisted.  The quality of the food is not up to par, but the prices were high.  We sent 2 out of the 5 things back and were still charged for the drink that we did not drink and sent back because it tasted bad.  The Mac and cheese was undercooked and also sent back.  After some argument about whether or not it was undercooked or just "al dente" with the waitstaff we felt so awful we wanted to just get out of there.  I know the difference between the two and felt insulted that they argued with me. We left and looked at the bill on our way out-- Unfortunately we were overcharged on our meal as well and had to go back for a $3 refund which was super emabarrasing and I wish we had just left with our dignity at a $3 loss instead.  The manager never came out to apologize for us having such a bad meal or being overcharged.  Even at low end restaurants they would do that.  Very disappointing.  We won't return.
I got food poisoning, in Vegas :( . So needless to say, it ruined my entire night. On top of being sick, I was so disappointed because this was a highlight of my trip. I know it's just a pub, but I love top chef. Jon and I aren't fancy either, so to spend over $100 on two for dinner is a lot for us. . Sorry, but no matter how good the food tasted (the first time) I have to give this a 1 star.
Can't select zero stars so I give it 1. I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey. I read many of the less than stellar reviews and decided they were likely posted when they first opened and that by now they have the kinks worked out. This was a horrible experience riddled with questionable food and terrible service. When you pay $27 for fish and chips you want it to be the best or very close to it. The batter on the fish was way to heavy and thick. The fries were limp. They'd been sitting in a warmer way too long. They were almost soggy. My daughter could even eat her burger. I thought it was funny they didn't even ask about the burger when 3/4 of it is left our her plate when we finally got our bill. I also didn't get the chilled water and no ice in the glass thing. I asked if we could get ice and they brought me ice, not the rest of the table. Then every time we needed a refill we had to ask for it. Gordon Ramsey, maybe you could sign this place up for Kitchen Nightmares. Then you could go in a fix it.
This has to be the biggest culinary disappointment I have yet to experience. . . For drinks, we ordered the Mothers Ruin andthe Ramsay tonic.  Both were unpalatable and likely among the worst cocktails I have experienced.  Price: $15 for each drink.. . Our waiter seemed like he didn't want to be there and we were ignored pretty much most of the time.  Although he did sport a well groomed goatee, he seemed a bit unkempt.. . In our group, we ordered the Summer vegetable salad, Shepherds pie, Pub Burger, and  Short-rib & cheek sandwich.  All of the food lacked taste and no one in our group liked anything..  The only flavor came from the Horseradish in the Ketchup, but we had to apply them to soggy, mushy  fries.. . For a restaurant whose namesake is a person that judges the quality of other peoples food, I expected so much better.. . Looking back, I regret that I spent some of my vacation time and money at the Gordon Ramsey Pub and Grill when I could have spent the same amount on Helicopter rides.. . My advice, plenty of good restaurants in Vegas. Your money can be better spent elsewhere.
This local had the WORST EXPERIENCE DINING EVER here on Saturday night.. . Mr. Ramsay, you need to spend some time at this place; it has your name on it and if your shows are real then you would be ashamed of this place.. . My wife and I had a reservation at 8:30.  We showed up at 8:25 and were seated immediately.  By 8:35 we had ordered and had our beers were on the way.  Her onion soup and my tomato salad show up at about 8:40, along with the complimentary bread.  The soup and salad were outstanding.  We drink our beers, and talk, and wait, and wait, and wait and wait.  The waiter came by at 9:20, the only time he came by, to offer his apologize saying the kitchen was backed up due to large groups and our food was up next.  (My problem why?)  That was interesting considering the side of the restaurant we were on was half empty.  He did not offer to refill our nearly empty beers or water too.  At 9:45, I was ready to leave, but low and behold, our waiter reappears with our food.  My wife and I both ordered the Mix Fillet, with Yukon gold potatoes and sauteed mushrooms as the sides.  Well, the steak was lukewarm, the pork was room temperature, and the mushrooms were room temperature and the egg on top was not fully cooked.  But the potatoes were good and so were the two shrimp that come with the mixed fillet.  My wife and I were both ticked, asked a bus boy and another waitress to see the manger, who shows up 10 minutes later.  Mark the manager offers us a free desert, which we decline and I ask for the bill, letting him know this was the worst dining experience we have had in Las Vegas and will be telling all of our guest, friends, family, and coworkers about it.  He offers to comp us a dinner and asks if we want to make that reservation now.  We flatly say no; I don't want to waste another attempt at a meal at this place given all the great places to eat in Las Vegas.  We finally left at 10:00 and when we rolled into the hotel we had some fruit and ice cream which were more satisfying.
We went there expecting alot more then we received with regards to the food and service. The waiter and other staff were not very friendly almost as if it was a choir to be there..Seemed it took a long tie for the food to come out. The appetizer was very good we had the sliders but the entire for a lack of better words sucked.  we had the Fish and chips after taken a few bites it was clear the fish had not been cooked completely (translucent) so we had to send it back and wait another 10 minutes. The manager came over and bought a round of drinks for us while we waited for the second delivery. Although it was cooked correctly the taste was bland and uneventful. . bottom line i wouldn't waste your money . Go to the burgr place its 10 times better food and staff. To be brutally honest for a few more dollars the steak place is fantastic.
Please save yourselves! I so wanted to like this restaurant. We were there for dinner on a Monday night. Arriving at about 9:15, we only had a 20 minute wait. The decor was really neat, from the lighting to the eating utensils. Even the servers and hostesses uniforms were nicely done. We should've known after waiting 15 minutes before anyone greeted our table that our night was doomed. Of course we were getting anxious and ready to leave but we wanted to try this restaurant so badly and we didn't want to look around for another restaurant and have to possibly wait again. So finally our server arrived. I had seen this server the whole time taking care of the table next to us, so clearly he had seen us as well as another one of his tables that was seated one minute after us. Unfortunately we were not given drink menus when we were seated. The server had it with him on an ipad when he greeted us. This could've taken another five minutes to put our drink order in because he tried to leave it with us and walk away. Fortunately my husband and I immediately spotted a couple of beers on the first paged and ordered before he walked away. When our server returned with our beers five minutes later, he dropped them off and said he'd be right back after he dropped off a menu at another table. Another few minutes later he dropped off some bread and again said he'd be right back to take our order after he dropped off another table's bill. Either this guy had far too many tables to wait on or he was the world's biggest idiot. He was very nice, and tried very hard to crack jokes and make us forget about the past 25 minutes of horrible service. I actually felt really bad for the guy. My husband ordered the lamb burger which was only available on the bar menu but our server made it sound as if he would do us the huge favor and get it for him anyway. Turns out we saw lot's of burgers being delivered to tables. So I wonder why they don't just put the $20 burger on the full dining menu. Anyway, my husband didn't care much for the burger but we both agreed that the fries were outstanding. I ordered the chopped chicken salad and honest to God have never had a worse salad. I think there must have been some sort of mix up or error in the kitchen with my salad because it was so bad. The dressing must've been mayonnaise or something worse. My biggest regret is that I didn't say anything about it to the server. Normally I have no problem with speaking up about bad food but I was mentally exhausted and so completely over this dinner that it was too much effort to say anything. My next regret is that I actually ate it. What is my problem? I ate this disgusting salad and what does that say about me? Gross! I guess I was hungry. Our server obviously felt bad about the service because after we finished eating, he dropped off our check and told us he was deducting $10 from it. We smiled and thanked him. Nope, no deduction, just our full price bill. Again, too irritated and over the whole experience that we just paid and left. On a more positive note, they had a great selection of beer. Overpriced of course, but so is everything in Vegas so we can't fault them for that.
Not worth the time. We went on a Friday night and were thoroughly underwhelmed. Took 20 minutes to get drinks. The appetizers actually came before our drinks did I have never seen that before. The onion soup was pretty good every one else's appetizers were roughly OK not bad but not exactly up to the expected quality that the name attached to the restaurant would suggest. Main courses were nothing special the flat iron steak was disappointing basically a fancy way of saying fried -undercooked on the inside burnt black on the outside I'd say that was quite an accomplishment if it wasn't my food. Wife had the fingerling potatoes that the waiter suggested we're the best potatoes he's ever had. My guess is that he hasn't had many potatoes then. They were very bland. One of our number had the fish and chips and seemed moderately happy with it though so perhaps only 5/6 people leave disappointed. Mr Ramsey should be embarrassed to have his name attached to this place. We Will never return here.
Over priced. Over crowded. Not worth the wait or $$ for meat and potatoes.
I went to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill and had the worst experience. We were in Las Vegas for my sisters bachelorette party for the weekend, we went there for our last meal together. We had reservations for 9:15 and showed up at 9:10 and got seated immediately. Richard E was our server. He was fast about getting our drinks and complimentary bread and appetizers, but after that he rarely came to check our table. We waited well over an hour before our entrees came out. I confronted a bus boy about how long our food (because our waiter Richard E was nowhere to be found) was taking because we noticed a table of 4 that got seated at least 15-20 mins after us got served before us. He went in the back to check and came back telling me that the reason they got served first was because they have a smaller party and it takes longer for the kitchen to prepare all our meals to come out together....Once the food came out it was okay but definitely not worth the wait and rudeness we experienced. Richard brought one check over without asking us if we were all paying together at the end. We were a party of 8 so we asked if he could split the check for us and he made a huge deal about how long and difficult it would be for him to do it but he guessed he could. It took him 20 mins to do so..which we saw he had finished earlier and was waiting to bring us the split checks...Overall very disappointing for what we thought would be an amazing experience.
I love British food and have been looking forward to eating here for some time. We arrived at 4pm on a Saturday. The place is about a third full. Sat at a table in the bar for 10 minutes with the wait staff ignoring us. Finally flagged someone down to be told I can't sit there because it's not part of the bar. The bar starts 3 feet from the table. Went to the front to be told I would  have to wait 10 minutes for that table because its not wiped down. Finally took a table in the dining room only to wait another 5 minutes for the iPad so we can order drinks. The service is so poor, I don't really care how good the food is. I'm only staying because my wife wants to try it. I won't be back.
Service was awful, the waiter ignored us most of the time and then gave us the wrong check; which by the way was triple ours.  My scallops were the wors I've ever had, loaded with sand.  Couldn't eat a single one.  The waiter was so nasty that I was afraid to send them back - he was definitely the type that would have spit in my food.  Don't bother with this place.
Was super excited to try this place because I am a fan, but ended up being severely disappointed. Walked up to the nearly deserted restaurant and was told it was an hour and a half wait. The 3 of us found seating at the bar and quickly pored over the menu. In the end we only ordered 3 things: bacon cheeseburger, chips, and a Caesar salad. When the order was put in our server, Ramon, talked to us a bit explaining about how unique the uniforms are. Then he completely ignored us, along with the rest of the staff because they were either talking about their workout routines, diet, or flirting with the waitress with the new boobs. Time passed without so much as a refill. 30 minutes later Ramon said, "your foods not here yet?" Clearly the empty placemat was a clue. Another 15 minutes passed and he woke up out if his stupor to again say, "wow, your food still isn't out?!" 2 minutes later it finally arrived. The salad was more a bowl of dressing with a few lettuce leaves. The burger and chips were extremely bland. It took another 10 minutes to flag down Ramon for the check. When it arrived we paid with 2 cards and cash. I wrote the payments down and even explained it. Well, Ramon pocketed the cash and charged my card double. I flagged him down again and pointed out his mistake. He said he must not have heard me and fixed it. All in all it was a shit experience. I would expect more from a restaurant owned my someone who has shows where he gets people and their restaurants in line. Bottom line: You're better off at a buffet.
Not impressed! Lots of places to chose from in Las Vegas, my wife just recently stayed at Caesars Palace over Labor day. We've been huge fans of Gordon Ramsey, and his blunt honesty in helping restauranteurs. . Now its my turn to be honest. It took 15 minutes for our "Water Boy" to acknowledge we're seated in his area, another 10 minutes to get a cocktail. That was enough for me, not to shell out $25 for a fish and chip. I made it a point to ask for a Manager, which another 10 minutes passed and I went searching for one and expressed my thoughts, he could give a rats a%$!. . Gordon, You should visit your "new establishment" and work out the kinks, and quit giving others your advise, when your place needs some serious attention and help.. Maybe I'll give you another chance, but will wait until things get worked out in your new place.
Total joke. Ramsey BurGr is actually really good not sure how this place is so bad. Definitely the worst spot in ceasars and it's pretty tough to be worse than munchbar. Gordon is a clown and has nothing to do with the place one of the staff members told me he had only been there one time 3 months after they had opened..total marketing ploy which definitely works. Mammalukes from around the globe are lined up to try this dump. Worst lamb burger ever, onion soup was good, fish and chips had more batter than fish, fries suck. I haven't been for about 3-4 months but I did go twice only because the first time it was so bad I figured it was a fluke. Not a fluke. And I agree with other posters easily the worst uniforms of any vegas restaurant, there were a couple good looking hostesses but that uniform made them look like total pigs.
Not the best place for me. Cousins from NY come to visit us and going to see Celine Dion show and we reserve here. The interior style restaurant for younger people, not comfortable with small tables like Bar. And they bring the food in big square pieces of wood so imagine that (4 person) not to much space to look where I can put my drink, on the floor?.   Menu looks nice with a great variety of different tasty choices but the food is not good. I feel expensive prices if you compare this with the flavor. We ordered appetizer, entree, dessert. And no one said a word about how good it was.
Service was terrible, server William was arrogant and rude. Steak was overcooked, server didn't seem to care. Rest of the food was pretty good. Not what I had expected.
On Sunday September 15th I entered into the bar area at Ramsey's and asked the Bartender if they can change the station to a specific game I was interested in. The bartender refused to change the station because he was a chargers fan. He was wearing a chargers leather helmet at the time. When we asked to speak to a manager it took over 20 min for Casey who was the manager to arrive and she argued with us about changing the station instead of complying with our customer request. In addition when I asked the hostess in front for a manager she said there were a lot of managers on duty and one of the managers is Brandy. When I asked Casey about this she claimed there was no manager there named Casey. We ended up leaving the bar very upset at the level of unprofessionalism displayed at this establishment by the staff and management. I suggest that Corporate management start sponsoring customer service training for all staff members at this establishment.
I watched the hell's kitchen episode and wanted to try this place out. It is one of the worst restaurants I've been to. Honestly, a TGIF is better than this, considering they charge a bogus amount for food that is supposed to be non-pretentious bar food. I ordered the rack of lamb. Was unseasoned, with unseasoned potatoes, and looked like a joke. Bartenders were lazy, on their phones or watching tv the whole time. Took 30 mins to get my check. I'm not playing around, spend your hard earned money elsewhere. I'm a big Gordon Ramsay fan, but this was a real disappointment and I cannot believe he would put his name on an establishment like this one.
Kitchen Nightmare. I took a few days off last week to celebrate yet another year getting away from me. My wife and I went to Vegas, not for the gambling but for the entertainment and food. We stayed at Caesars Palace and one evening we thought we'd try the "Gastro Pub" experience offered by none other than Brit Bad Boy, Gordon Ramsay. Truth be told, although I love to cook, I'm not a huge fan of cooking shows, and shows where Mr. Ramsay makes a buck by humiliating what are often hardworking (albeit out of their depth) restaurateurs I find less than edifying. As a fellow reasonably foul-mouthed Brit bad boy who has been known to yell on occasion, maybe I just find it too close for comfort.. . In any event, I love good Pub Grub so we gave it a shot. In their defense, the beer menu was excellent and the chips (French Fries for our US cousins) were authentically soggy and British... but beyond that, the food was just horrible... by far the worst we had all week. What was especially galling was the pretense that this was in some way Great British cuisine. Let's all agree on something... much (if not most) British food is horrible... really horrible. It's food made by poor people from less than great ingredients, typically over cooked under spiced and dull. It may have won us the British Empire... but it would get one star on Yelp on a good day. It is possible to do British staple dishes really well, with great ingredients and proper care Bangers and Mash or Fish and Chips can be killer... that's what's behind the current craze of "Gastro Pubs." Unfortunately, done poorly Brit Grub just sucks... as did the Fare at Mr. Ramsay's Caesars Palace joint.. . To start with the bread was stale. I had the fish and chips with mushy peas; my darling wife had the "mixed grill". The fish bore absolutely no resemblance to real Fish and Chips, and the mushy peas were simply green peas which had been pulsed in a blender for a couple of seconds... not remotely authentic. The mixed grill (to phrase it how Gordon himself might) was "F*@king atrocious". The steak was perhaps passable (though over-cooked and served cold), the weird pork belly thing was a revolting gelatinous mess, and the lame lone shrimp was either horribly spiced or perhaps spoiled. The waitperson did her best, and when I pointed out the shortcoming she apologized but made no effort to resolve.. . Mr. Ramsay, if you are going to use your brand and our heritage to foist over priced high concept but poorly executed crap to an unsuspecting world, would you at least take the "British" part out of your promotion to save us the national embarrassment.  There are a thousand chip shops or hole-in-the-wall cafes up and down our damp nation which wouldn't dream of serving up the swill you deal out in Vegas. It is (by the way) entirely possible to do that kind of fare well in a Vegas context, Todd English proves that to be true every day of the week. If the menu at Caesars was ever decent, it is being betrayed by your team there... sort it out!. . If this makes it to your hallowed halls, we ate on September 10th and our check number was 1884527.
Horrible. Greasy, flavorless and overpriced. Captain D's makes better fish than this place. Don't waste your money.
Well starters this place has a nice atmosphere but the food is crap.  I got the Bangers and Mash was normal sausage and instant mash potato.  Very surprised my wife got the Pub burger meat was extremely bland bacon was over cooked and didn't taste very well French fries where cold. I would save my money and eat at the buffet.
On, 10/03/2013 , My wife and I, had dinner at the pub and grill.  The food was not good, the service was bad.  We where hoping to have a good meal, we have been fans of Gordon Ramsey, for years.  I had the fish and chips.  My wife had steak and chips.  My Samuel adams was the best part of the meal.  We where going to try his steak house, but after this meal we ate elsewhere.  Very disappointed, as this was our anniversary trip.  Wayne and Mary Langner
I just threw up the morning after we ate at Gordon Ramsey pub and grill I ordered the salmon which was the worst thing I have ever eaten in my life. The waiter never asked us how our food was and there is no condiments on the table not even salt honestly I want to puke right now thinking about it for someone who critiques food for a living critique your own food
