One star is too much for this toilet seat of a hang out. While there for about 40 minutes I saw a woman vomit in her mouth and then proceeded to swallow her own vomit. I saw drug dealing. Child abuse. Cheap drinks and cheap food can't make up for the scars this place is going to leave in my psyche. If I could give this place negative stars I would! -10 stars. Horrible. Don't wast cab fare going out to the vile hang out spot.
This has seriously gone down hill!! It was fun all the other times we have been there, however, they must have new management or something.  There were so many panhandlers there, more than tourists!!  Everyone has cheesy costumes on and for a "TIP" you too can have your picture taken with smurfs, mini Elvis, fat Elvis, you name it, there is a panhandler there dressed as it!! Then there are people just hanging around with signs begging for money (EVERYWHERE) and sitting in groups on the ground with a place to drop money(for no apparent reason) It is just NASTY!!!!!  It was filthy, it stunk like vomit and urine. The only good thing was the music Bon Jovi!!  I just could not leave fast enough, both of my kids were not happy, I did not see any metro or security!!! The band was LAME!!! A fat chick trying to look like Katy Perry, who is lacking some serious singing skills and her "partner" whose voice is incredibly screechy and and annoying.  I did not even want my kids to see the whole skit about the one "singer" talking about doing something very naughty to the other "singer" as the other "singer" bent over with her butt to the crowd!!!! With a tiny cheerleader/referee outfit on....TACKY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm sorry. It was horrible. I went years ago when it first opened. It was fun then, i was sad to see old school vegas turned into the south street of vegas, but it was still fun.. . This time, i held onto my pocketbook and my husband for dear life. It was HORRIBLE, drunkards, bums, random people in underwear asking for tips.. for just standing there in their underwear. Here's a tip, get some clothes Hoes!. . The casinos were full of riff raff, the staff in most included. We were supposed to have dinner down there, and we couldn't even bring ourselves to walk into a restaurant.. . I realize this is a very snotty post. If you knew me, you would know i lived in WEST PHILLY for SIX years and now i live in Jersey- yea where snooki is from.... so i'm used to some rough neighborhoods and sloppiness, but this was a little much.. . Ending on a high note- the people watching can't be beat.
This isn't serious..... This is an experience in self defense and survival skills..... We took the deuce bus to freemont as soon as I arrived I wanted to leave but I gave it a chance.. Bad. Lots of homeless druggie types. Really drunk people... Not fun drunk like scary drunk. No good food. Weird people dressed up like kids cartoon characters. Bad surrounding neighborhood. And the "show"? What show ? It is a freaking KISS 3 song montage that is real loud and extremely corny. I really regret wasting my time there. There is cool things to see in Vegas avoid this dump
If you're broke & bored. Tourist since1990 & local since 2007 & only been there a handful of times. Low rent.
cheezy nightmare
I give it one star for the fact this is old vegas, but it reminded me of Venice Beach CA, all the street vendors and street freaks come out. I don't think I need to go back.. . TC
Its unfortunate that I only live 5 minutes away from Downtown Las Vegas. At least thankfully, my own neighborhood isn't as ghetto as the methhead motels, halfway houses, and local jails that are hidden behind the casinos here. . . The courthouse and the county jail are about 5 blocks away from the Golden Nugget Casino. Which boggles my mind on why the fuck people here don't just start running off after getting into a fight. If you get into a fight, you fucking run, run for that slim chance to get away before the bicycle cops andsecurity tackle your ass. Who knows? Maybe you'll get lucky. . . Every passing year this place looks worse. Nobody likes going here except for trailer trash, drug dealers, juggalos and tweakers. Everybody else steers clear of Downtown and just write asshole reviews against hard working fine dining restaurants out in Summerlin and West Las Vegas. . . Around like 10PM, they have these over the roof projector music videos playing some classic, family-friendly songs. And then that same "family-friendliness" gets ruined when a bunch of bums crawls out of the sewer manholes, and start "dancing" drunk by spinning in circles and trying to dry-hump your kids. Like... this place is the only spot in Vegas where bums appear to have a good time... by making YOU the potential victim. . . For first time travelers, if you choose to brave the scumbag wilderness that is the FSE, do not venture too far east from 7th Street and Fremont. You will get RAPED! Same by heading too far away from the casinos, MORE RAPE!. . There are some pretty dirty hookers hanging around after 2am. I got approached by one who looked 30'sish. She wanted $250. . . There are some nasty bums yelling "Gimme sum money bitch!" at random people while lying down against the walls in the corners. If you stay on The Strip, random people will try to sell you bootlegged CDs acting like its a full time fucking job. . . One time, I saw this bald 40+ old man go up to some homeless street kids trying to pester them for some sex, with his hands down his pants. He failed, so he turned around and started harassing the cocktail waitresses/gogo dancers outside of the Golden Gate. Then he got his ass tackled by security.
Be poor. Be fat. Watch poor people. Watch fat people. That is the fremont street experience.
There is nothing real or authentic about Downtown Vegas and the Fremont Experience.  It's just as gaudy and fake as the strip, but 10x more ugly and run-down.  The surrounding casinos are old and sad, featuring go-go dancers that look like they should have given up 15 years ago.  If you're young, fun, and want to be surrounded by other hot young fun people, best stick to the strip and pretend this place doesn't exist.
two years ago i loved Fremont street experience, the casinos, the drinking and everything i was planning on staying in the golden nugget on my next visit... . i am so glad i didn't. i this time i couldn't get a drink at any of the casinos i was gambling in. if i did order it took forever. . . the worse part this time was the amount of bums, and dealers, and prostitutes wandering around. i know this is Vegas but it was bad. so bad we left after only 3 hours of being there. normally we drink and play for a solid 6 in old Vegas. . . i will be skipping this street next time i am in town.
I don't even know how to describe how I felt here. Within 2 minutes of leaving the parking garage, we all knew we had made a mistake. I know that Fremont Street provides the nostalgia of "old Vegas," but it encases all the parts of the city that I can happily do without. In the 30 minutes we wandered around here, I saw more prostitutes and cracked out people than I saw in my whole 5 days on the strip. It was just flat-out awkward.. . I agree with the other reviewers that this is a much more low-maintenance spot to drink and gamble in Vegas, but if you're a fan of the more modern, visually pleasing and less tacky Vegas, stick to the strip.
So I just got a email from Yelp HQ that people are reporting me about this review for being an asshole.. . I AM a asshole. Go read my other reviews. However, I am ALSO telling the truth! And as any asshole should do, I should INSTIGATE and PROVOKE!. . I come to imagine that the average individual who wrote complaints about me for this creep-nest is a straight up fucking loser. You know, a homeless, crank-smoking, shit bag that kicks it with the unwashed juggalos next to the DJ/Rock N' Roll Stand across from the Plaza Casino. .  . AKA, someone who doesn't even have a job. And probably makes it a lifelong occupation to instigate fights along Fremont Street so they can get a misdemeanor battery charge for some free chow at the Clark County Detention Center. . . Two weeks ago, I was outside The Griffin Bar on Fremont just sipping on my beer and enjoying a cigarette. Then, this scumbag bitch-made fat white dude with nerd glasses and white Dr. Dre Beats Headphones comes up to me screaming "FUCK YOU! FUCK ALL OF YOU! AND FUCK ME!" like a broken record. . . As soon as I heard "Fuck you", I immediately whipped around to face him in the eyes. Motherfucker immediately said "Fuck me", etc, and blahblahblah. He was creeping out this set of girls outside of bar too until they finally gave him the simutaneous silent treatment. . . Unfortunately, thats pretty much the end of the story. Unbelieveable. Usually fights on at this point. But I guess the bouncers at The Griffin also found him to be harmless and in many ways, pathetic.. . UPDATE: . . So there is a stabbing on Fremont Street that happened about two days ago. Thank you for proving my point that FSE is NOT SAFE FOR KIDS and NOT SAFE FOR TOURISTS as long as people like Timothy Dudley, 31 years old, are hanging out on that eight block stretch of methheads. . . Tourists should type "Timothy Dudley Vegas" in Google to pull up the article. It's about a habitually lying Juggalo who got butthurt that some guy didn't give him change for crack money (maybe meth money?). So he threatened to "beat his ass", and a fight continued to escalate from there until Dudley pulled out a knife and stabbed the victim in the chest, severing a HUGE artery that needed 15 pints of blood to replace. . . During the arrest, Mr. Dudley, in his meth-powered rampage, bashed his head repeatedly against the confines of the squad car, causing parts of the cage and windows to fall off. . . I actually recognized and knew this fuck. Not on good terms.
If you go at night it's pretty and there's cheap drinks.. that's about it.. . I went during the day and it was horrible.. usually I can find fun anywhere I go not this place though. It was dirty and full of bums and crackheads everywhere. The shops were nasty the casinos were dirty as hell. The only good thing was the cheap beers that we got inside thecasinos. There's nothing there but a few gift shops and the casinos. We ate at the place at the end by the parking garage(seafood place) since it looked fairly decent from the outside..mistake. It was nasty inside I felt dirty just sitting there. I just had some shots and beers since I didn't feel comfortable eating there after I tried the shrimp cocktail... which tasted old and burnt. I would come back to ride the zipline at night... other than that it was a boring waste of time! . . TIP: Stay on the Strip!
Yak, yak, yak.... I believe they are trying to revive the Fremont street, but it is just not working.   Waisted an hour, walked from beginning to the end and ran back to the car.  Don't bother!  Stick to the strip, to the new hotels, and you will do just fine ;)
Everyone needs to do this once. But that is enough!!  Great music, cheap drinks, ok gambling. The scary zombie like meth heads combined with drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, etc... We left around 1am on A Friday night and headed back to the strip because we we worried for our safety. Have fun.... Yikes
This place is ghetto nothing good to see my bf n I even took off our watches n rings we felt we could of been robbed ., Las Vegas blvd way better
IF this sort of Vegas is your think you need not read on. If this is your sort of good time you can go to no no no... don't go. It's like the creepy, reject tourists, a ton of stroller age kids, and knock off go-go dancers, then you can just go to any swap meet for half the price. lol!
I love downtown this week the card flippers are downtown you know the ones where sexy girl will meet you in hotel room. Come on downtown has enough issues keep these people on the strip or in metro lockup
Downtown would be so much better if they took that stupid screen down, never developed the stupid Slotzilla and stupid zipline, and opened the street up to traffic again. I understand the FSE was developed to "revitalize" downtown and get people to go there again, but it turns a unique, classic area into a cheesy, discombobulated mess. The area around Freemont is exploding with new development - bars, casinos, and businesses that are intertwining to create a true neighborhood - and everything on the FSE is missing out because it is encaged.
Are you a drunk hillbilly easily impressed by reality tv? Do you love laser Pink Floyd shows at the local planetarium? Have you ever paid to see a Journey cover band? Well! Get yourself a bus pass and go see the Fremont Street Experience! . . I will add a caveat - the old school signage and lights are pretty cool. And the Mermaid still pays in nickels - and I pulled some silver coins out of the bucket (score!). But the sinus infection from the smoke and filth weren't worth the trip. . . This is just stinky, horrible filth for blocks. Add in the worst impersonators Vegas has to offer, the fattest showgirls in the county handing out mardi gras beads, the worst live music you've ever witnessed, the godawful show on the roof above (a Bon Jovi video? Are you fucking kidding me? And who are you morons dancing and rocking out to this?) and you have a waste of an evening. . . You couldn't pay me enough to ever visit this again. Truly awful, dirty, boring, tacky (in a bad way, not a fun kitschy way), lame, and for borderline functioning adults who are wowed by anything shiny.
It seems like a good idea at first -- why shouldn't we go and experience the charm of Old Vegas, under the twinkling canopy of screens that play music videos with an hourly show?. . Well, let me tell you why you shouldn't. . * The show that is touted as a magical musical experience? Not so impressive.  We watched it for about a minute before the novelty wore off.  . * Total tourist trap.  Every store is just selling the same cheap, tacky items.  . * We went in the evening, bad idea.  Do the cracked out meth heads come out at night, or are they always there?. * Kind of goes with the last bullet point, but it feels super sketchy.  Hold on to your purses, ladies!. * Hard to find parking (at least for us). . What I did enjoy here:. * Visual impact of the screens is pretty . * There was a graffiti artist making and selling beautiful landscapes made entirely by spraypaint.  It was mesmerizing to watch; he was so talented!. . We probably walked around for half an hour before we left, and it wasn't worth the hassle in my opinion.  Perhaps it's more lively in the morning, but there were more hobos and aforementioned meth heads than people there to see the sights.  Checked it off my bucket list, but I won't be coming back.
I wanted Downtown Las Vegas to be a revitalizing experience but soon realized that the Fremont Street Experience has more bad going for it than good.  Being a long time visitor of Las Vegas, I realize that it was in 1974 that I turned 21 and have been going to Downtown and then the Strip when I made more money. The allure of old Downtown never left me. The Mint, The Landmark and Glitter Gulch were vibrant and had class.  I just came back visiting Fremont Street and was terribly depressed. Pan handlers and homeless people wander around asking for handouts for their drug habits.  At night, it gets worse. Security is lax and more transients occupy the various positions which makes tourists extremely uncomfortable.  I know what Fremont Street was before closing the street, during, after and now.  I will recommend anyone who has an inkling of sanity to avoid Fremont Street until Tony Hsieh is allowed to fix it.  The powers that be are restraining Tony of Zappos from fixing Downtown for historic purposes due to plain greed.  Downtown after all has the charm potential of old Las Vegas that the Las Vegas mega Strip Hotels are afraid to lose gaming business. Once again, for safety sakes, avoid Downtown Las Vegas Fremont experience is best left to memories for now.. . The best Hotel in Downtown is the Golden Nugget. The others are dives now.
