Wow.  Of all the sushi place I've been this is by far the worst.  . . The quality of the fish was horrible.  I'm not expecting fresh, never been frozen fish from an AYCE place, but the fish was at times down-right NASTY.  I'm not sure how they prepare/store the fish, but something must have gone wrong. . . The service was slow and they forgot orders.  I know AYCE sushi places are typically on the slow side, but this was horrible.  The restaurant wasn't even full.  I saw wait staff just talking to each other.  Inexcusable. . . They were also "out" of uni.  We ate dinner at 6pm when the restaurant wasn't even full.  I'm guessing they didn't even have any to begin with.
Ate here in may and june was ok then ate here in July and it was awful. will never go back. I should have noticed most of the bad reviews are in july, seems like its getting worse .Fish was not fresh rice was bad. Most of  the  staff just seems confused.
Food was good first time. Second visit I was by myself. Was seated and watched a dozen waitrons pass me by for ten minutes, then I left. Called to tell them why and the lady said she'd comp me if I came back, but my mood was spoiled. Life's too short to give business to a rude place.
This place is tiny and service is so slow. We were seated for at least 15 minutes and nobody came to take our orders. We had to ask the staff who was our server to get our orders placed.  Not surprisingly the food came out slow seeing only 3 chefs were working at the sushi bar and the restaurant was packed. It was such a chaos in there that I didn't enjoy the meal at all. What a horrible experience. These people simply don't know how to run a restaurant providing that kinda service.
Absolute TERRIBLE service!  The staff was not friendly and the food took FOREVER to come out. I wouldnt be complaining if there weren't about ten servers just standing and socializing with each other in the back area. When I brought the issue to our server's attention he replied by becoming defensive and saying "it's not my fault".....um, yeah...how about "let me check on your order" or something of that nature. We also did AYCE...my husband and I are usually very good tippers but in this case I felt no tip was deserved at all whatsoever. Needless to say, we will never be returning again. Oh, and yes the food was very good...but the service was bad enough for us not to want to come back....and from reading some of these reviews...looks like we're not the only ones........
Not a fan!  We came in because of all the reviews.  Will not go back.  Service lacked, food lacked, quality lacked, atmosphere lacked.
My wife and I stopped in for dinner and we both were less then pleased with both the food and service. The salmon skin rolls were horrible and my wife could not even eat two. The nigiri looked as if a first time sushi maker made them the cut of the fish was a joke. I would avoid this place at all cost as the price does not match the quality.
Many new servers' service is disappointing.. Last few weeks were really disappointing everytime I ate here.. You have to wait forever to get your order.. Once I had to waited for almost 30 minutes to get my sushi order.. (and one time I ordered from non all u can eat menu and the server didn't put the. order in the system so I never got the food, waited 40 minutes.... watching my friends eat..everytime I asked the server, she said the food was coming ..). Why don't they use more sushi chefs like Sahara Sushimon?. 2 sushi chefs (sometimes 3) with packed restaurant won't work.. I don't think I will come back here..
On a scale of 1-5 (5 being best). . Food: 3 (your average AYCE sushi). Execution of Service: 1. Friendliness of staff: 2. Professionalism: 1. Overall Satisfaction: 1. . Went to Goyemon for a friends birthday last Sunday after reading so many positive reviews here on yelp.  . . ATTN EVERYONE:  IF YOU ARE DINING IN A LARGE PARTY, THIS REVIEW IS INTENDED FOR YOU.. .      Our party was for 22 people, and a reservation was made for 8pm.  After most of us had arrived, we waited about 30-45 minutes to be seated, because the restaurant policy states that your entire party must be present before being seated. (We were not informed of this when the reservation was made)  The policy was strictly upheld for about half an hour before our server decided to bend the policy and allow us to sit down because half of our party were waiting in the cold for the last half hour due to space restrictions in the entryway, AND we were on the verge of leaving.)  If that wasn't enough, it grew worse in a hurry.. .      The server "GIO" was blatantly unprofessional;  no greeting, calling attention to us by shouting "Yo" or "Hey" from across the room, handing off ALL of our food to one person and instructing that person to pass it to someone else and so forth.  Every time he came to the table, he had either forgot something, made a mistake, or didn't order something for us yet.   IT TOOK 20 MINUTES TO GET THE ONLY BEER I ORDERED.... .      He referred to some of us as "dog, dude, bro" and "that chick over there", repeatedly forgot to place our orders, and acted as though we were wasting HIS time.  At times we had to guess what the different rolls were, because there was little effort on his part to state what they were, he didn't even know what some of them were himself!  The drink order was also a mess, and our table grew STACKED with empty plates before he decided to do anything about it.  We were also handed the bill by a different server before we got a chance to order dessert.  WTF!?  We paid in advance anyway to be polite.  By the time we had finished paying, only half our desserts were on the table, and predictably, the rest NEVER came, so we cancelled them.  . .      For an AYCE sushi spot, some of us didn't eat very much because we had few chances to order food in one hour of service, because of all the setbacks, mistakes, and lack of effort.
Recently ate here for the AYCE. As a first timer, reading all these wonderful yelp reviews, I definitely thought I was in for a treat. WRONG! Horrible service ever!!! Our server Gio was obnoxiously rude. Food was decent, dessert was good but never coming here again because the service ruined my overall experience!!
Arrived at the restaurant, and was waiting at the counter to be seated.  Some people came in behind me, and the hostess totally looked past me and seated those people before me. How Rude!  Needless to say they lost my business very unprofessional.  But thanks to them I found a great new sushi place right down street,  Called Sushi 21 people were very friendly and the food was great!
this was by far the worst place i have ever gone to in las vegas for sushi.. . 1. we had a party of 11 people and they refused to take a reservation. once we got there the wait was to be 30 mins - which turned into an hour and a 45 mins. the worst customer service i have ever experienced.. . 2. our server was so over whelmed and unorganized. i did not have a re-fil until i had to ask for it. he forgot half someones desert and decided to bring it after everyone else was done with theirs.. . 3. i also go food poisoning from the food. i felt like nothing was fresh and it took forever for us to get our food. i was up sick all night long.. . i will never patron here again and i will never tell anyone to ever waste their money there for such terrible service!
I went to this place to see what all the hype was about. Its not that great. I rather go to yama sushi.
I gave them 4 stars on my first visit for dinner AYCE.....and I was hoping that it would be as good for lunch AYCE....no such luck.  It was atrocious, revolting excuse for sushi.. . When I walked in, I had a bad feeling when I saw two latino looking sushi chefs at the tsukeba.  Not that I have anything against non-japanese itamae, but from my fairly vast experience....it's not a good sign in general and boy was I right.  . . Since I'm Japanese, I don't order any rolls.  I always go with straight nigiri, none of those yum yum sauce, fancy rolls bulshit and here are what's wrong with their "sushi".. . 1)  It was ugly.  Cuts of fish were uneven, too small, and were just very asymmetrical and poorly balanced with rice.  When you have two pieces and they look so different, there is a significant lack in their sense of aesthetics, and more importantly, utter luck of skill.. . 2)  Sushi rice was horrendous.  To make things worse, there were 2 sushi "chefs" and they seem to be using very inconsistent sushi rice.  One was soft and overly sticky, and the other was dry and hard.  Neither of them had proper vinegar flavor, and was too bland to be called "sushi rice".  They obviously have no idea or skill to make proper sushi rice, which is just as, if not MORE important than the fish that goes on it.  . . 3)  Utter lack of nigiri skill.  Sushi rice was too hard.  You had to chew it.  That is what happens to amateurs and newbies who do not have the proper skills to maintain shape of nigiri while having enough air within it so that if falls apart in the mouth.. . 4)  The wasabi issue- I was embarrassed for them.  My first order of nigiris had no wasabi.  So I asked the waitress (non-japanese) that I need to have wasabi in the sushi.  She comes back 2 minutes later that "most people" don't want wasabi so the "chefs" cannot put wasabi in the nigiri.  Let me repeat "THE CHEFS CANNOT PUT WASABI IN THE NIGIRI". . Let me make this straight.  In Japan, the sushi chefs will occasionally make UPON REQUEST nigiris WITHOUT wasabi for little children, I mean like kindergarden aged kids. Never do they even consider NOT putting wasabi for adults.  So I tell this non Japanese waitress that I don't care what "most people" want.  I want wasabi in the nigiri so that I don't have to peel the fish off of rice and have to put it on there, and it is the PROPER way to make a nigiri.  So she goes back and talks with this "chefs" and they finally comply with my "request" to make a proper nigiri WITH wasabi.  . . It's very unfortunate that whoever the Japanese sushi chef is there allows these "sushi chefs" to let these joke of a sushi out to customers under their roof.  I asked the waitress if there are any Japanese chefs at lunch time and she says that it depends on their schedule, sometimes yes, sometimes not.  Well if a real chefs can't be there to properly supervise these jokers then they might as well close down the restaurant instead of allowing these atrocious nigiri's out to the customers who may have the palate and knowledge of what a real sushi should be like.  . . The management should be embarrassed with what went on today.  If people think that this kind of atrocity is sushi, then I am truly saddened.  There are better restaurants with real japanese sushi chefs in this town who serve decent AYCE sushi.  But if people have numb enough palates to keep going here then so be it.
People know Las Vegas by many names, but to me it has just one: America's AYCE playground. Sadly, like a rusted out merry go round covered in bird droppings, Sushi House Goyemon is a ride worth skipping.. . My first experience here, despite the 30 minute wait for a table, was pleasant enough to earn a return trip... And that's where the fairy tale ends. . . This time the wait was 1 hour and the service was extremely slow.  Like walking-on-your-hands-through-a-tarpit slow. Not sure if it was due to the fact they only hand two servers waiting on the entire place, and also playing hostess... Or the fact the sushi chefs seemed to lumber behind the bar with the urgency of a toddler on his way to the dentist. . . Either way, it took 30 minutes for our first order to reach the table... And 35 more minutes for the second. Keep in mind each order was just 8 pieces of nigiri.  Looking around the restaurant was flat out depressing, every table experiencing the same level of disappointment,and starvation. We waited for our last order, a salmon skin hand roll for 40 minutes before giving up and vacating our table to make room for their next victim. First time I've ever left an AYCE sushi joint still hungry.. . One star for the unapologetically bad service, and potentially tarnishing Las Vegas's AYCE superiority.
Unfortunately, the removal of 4 stars is due to the service here. We've have been going to Sushimon for about 3 years now and sine they opened Goyemon we've started going there as it is closer. This fish is good-we never have a problem with that. We enjoy the rolls, apps and deserts. . . But the service is so horrendous I'm afraid we wont be going back. There is always a long wait (reservations are only allowed for LARGE parties), the hostess always messes up( shes given our spot away at least 3 times in the year and a half we've been going the Goyemon), the wait staff is just all over the place and often ignores you.  They have had a problem with the service pretty much since they opened, but we keep trying to give them a chance. The wait times of 1-2 hours is ridiculous and often it will cause us to leave. . . We've eaten here many many times and often bring friends who visit from out of town. My bf drives a taxi and has brought tourists to Goyemon many, many times when asked about the best sushi in town.  . . What really was the nail in the coffin for us was last nights dinner. It began as usual, bad hostess, 45min wait, more bad service, but the food was good. Then, we tried to use our stamp card which was for a free AYCE that was expired by mere days and were refused. The point of the stamp card is that you get 9 AYCE stamps in one year and you get one free, obviously you need to obtain these in a year so its worth while for the restaurant. All of our stamps were from the same year,it just "expired" and they wouldn't honor it. We actually have multiple stamp cards from here and this one happened to get missed the last time we ate here. Being that we have been here so many times, even before they were busy, and were denied with such an attitude told us to never return.
Very disappointed to start. After waiting 25 mins for a table for 2, while a small table for 2 has been open for 20 mins, 3 guys walk in clearly speaking the same language as the servers and hostest get seated in front of us and or a their party they ha to add a chair. Very disappointed after a friend recommended to come here. Even if the food is outstanding, due to the very poor service I received to start my dinner I will NEVER come back here again or recommend this place! They are very busy but that is just clearly wrong.
First of all, I don't like to give bad reviews, and I generally consider myself a patient person, but I came here after working a 13 hour shift and I was starving. Gave my name to the host for a table for two, waited a good 15 mins, gentleman who comes in after, gets seated before me, really? Um ok? Finally seated and drink orders placed, my iced green tea tastes like dirty water. Then we order a couple things (I generally don't do AYCE sushi because I find the fish isn't good) so I opted to do a la carte for my first visit. I don't like rolls with mayo, or dairy, or sauces like "orgasm sauce". I immediately noticed the rice to fish ratio was way off, fish was dry, rice was dry. Great..  . Now let me get to the service.....we couldn't get our server to come around once, the cutest little old lady sitting at the table next to us flagged a server down for her check and then told them that we needed our server as well. Again, never saw her. At this point it's when I contemplated walking out and leaving money for what I thought we owed. Service was atrocious. Never refilled my drink and couldn't order any more food, which was probably a good thing. I will never give this place a second try or recommend. Overrated.
This is a hip place for me, food is ok but the service is just ridiculers. I always think nowadays all business owners should know what means by "treat your customers like your guests" until last night. We ordered 4 all you can eat sushi and after 15 mins, 3 friends wanna join us. No one was waiting for table and there is an empty table next to us. The server stated that we cannot be able to put 2 tables together. They explained they started all you can eat sushi in a different time, if we merge together, they can't keep track. It is definitely not my problem; we just wanna have a good time together. They should give us alternative. We then even suggested we can do separate check, they still don't let us. The Spanish Speaking male server even gave us an attitude. I think I should look for another sushi restaurant.
A japanese all you can eat place.  The hostess was a bitch, so this place gets a 1 star.  The food itself is actually pretty good, but that doesn't override the bad service.
Even the best food and atmosphere can taste horrendous after lackluster service and poor response. Until the current manager changes the way he handles complaints, I give this place only five more years.. . The restaurant was maybe 3/4ths full, so I was expecting faster service than the times I have been here when it was jam-packed full with a line out the door. Continuing, I looked over the menu (it has been redesigned), and I saw that the same favorites were in place: Braised pork belly, super white tuna, and cajun albacore. I started off the night with an order each of amaebi and uni for me and my boyfriend, and we also ordered two half rolls to start. The both of us chatted as we awaited our food, and the natto roll, amaebi, and the uni came out. I was pleased with the sweetness of amaebi and the freshness of the uni. "So, I take it that the Calico roll is still on its way?" After an affirmative, we placed a few more nigiri orders. For your reference, the Calico roll is not a deep fried roll: Just a few slices of fish in the middle and slices on top. Not a very time-intensive roll at all, so we were sure it will show up soon.. . By the time we finished with our sushi, we continued to wait for the rest of our orders.  About ten to fifteen minutes pass, and it seems that the sushi still has not shown up, so we decided to order some braised pork belly and miso soup. That order came fast (within maybe five minutes), and we were glad to note that the portions were larger. However, one bite in, and the insides of the belly were frozen. Maybe there are some people that like their fatty meats cold, but I personally prefer it to be warm and melty. We brought this up, and after an apology they took this to the back. As a customer, you can see the sushi chefs working on their sushi, and you can see the grillmaster who does the grilled entrees and desserts. The waiter (we later learn he's the manager) and the grillmaster exchanged a few words, kept sneaking glares towards our table, and rather than getting right to cooking it, they stood there and chatted for a better part of a couple minutes. It didn't look like they wanted to fix the problem.. . As this is going on, my boyfriend mentions that service seems to be slower than usual, and I cannot help but agree. I did point out to him, though, that if he would just sit at the sushi bar for once, we can get fish faster in general. Five minutes later, new pork belly arrived to the table. Blackened and charred on both sides. Well, this time they definitely made sure that it was warm on the inside. We scraped off the black charcoal and ate the belly. . . We inquire about the status of the rest of our order. Our waitress replied, "Oh, you haven't received it yet?" "No, we have not received it yet." She apologizes, we say it is fine, and we place a few more orders for their specials for the night, namely salmon pork belly nigiri. The rest of the orders filter in, including the salmon pork belly, but we had to reorder the orgasm sauce, the miso soup, and a few other nigiri because they lost the order. I contemplated over the service as I was savoring the fatty salmon belly. The rest of the orders showed around fifty minutes after we sat down.. . My significant other declares that he's done, so I decide to follow suit. I note that in the course of the extended delays and mistakes, our table time has already reached the hour. They lost our orders for desserts, and I couldn't seem to reach anyone for a response. I note that the moment I place down my credit card, someone zips by quickly to pick it up. I asked for a comment card, but not having one, I wanted to speak to a manager about our experience.. . She went to go see the manager, and I recognized him for helping out on the floor. He turns his back to chat with someone else for a while saw him shake his head, and decides to head over with our missing dessert orders. I thank him for bringing the dessert, though I brought up my main points, namely how service is slower than usual, and how our orders were messed up. He says a brisk "My apologies", and then he explains someone was out for the day and servers switched. I understood the first part. Yet, it was the same person who took our order from start to finish, so I asked if he was sure that was the reason why. To this, he retorts,  "You see the people waiting outside at the door? Yeah, you can't expect everyone in here just to serve you.". . Serious misunderstanding on his part, and he left me to fume silently. I do not like to go to places where I don't feel welcome, and while I won't judge a place based on the behavior of one worker, I will judge it based on the behavior of a manager. A place that can't take fair input graciously will only deteriorate over time.. . I hope that when I return two years from now the management has changed. There ARE better AYCE in town, for cheaper, just as fresh, and faster. I'll be writing reviews for them as well.
Worst sushi place ever!. . I came in last night with my friend and husband. We usually come in every month but this time we will never return. .   Normally, when your eating in a sushi place, the first thing everyone notice is the food, service, and waiting time. . . The food was horrible. I come to a sushi place to eat fish not rice. I only ate the nigiri because there wasn't much good selections on rolls. The nigiri was a disappointment. All the fish had humongous rice and the fish was not pressed down properly. Once you see the rice portion is bigger than the fish than that is an insult. .  . So we complained about it to our server. He said he'll talk to the manager. The server came back and said I'm sorry we CAN'T do anything about it. The manager didn't have the balls to stop by our table and talk to us. The manager has seen us a few times and he knows we tip 30% or more. Back then, the manager usually greet us and takes our table. Last time he offered comp bottle of sake but this time he acted like he barely knew us. Anyhow, we ordered a few more to see if they would fix the problem but instead the rice gets bigger every time and the cut of fish just gets smaller. We are not asking for them to put extremely less rice but balance out the portion of the fish to the rice.  Over all the server/manager sucks. Poor customer service.  . . Waiting time was great. There was no line, finally. Usually, goyemon is always packed and i would wait 30 mins to an hour to be seated. Thats how much I use to love goyemon. It use to be worth the wait.   .   Food came out on time as expected. But our server was always missing. Server just clears out our table and runs away. We always have to wait or ask the attentive host to call our server. So ordering was a pain. . . . Overall 1 star is what they deserve. . Goyemon you just LOST 3 valuable customers.
heard raving reviews about this place...and i really wanted to like it. . . too bad their service outweighs their food. . . went with a party of three, two of us wanted to order AYCE and the other wanted just a combo dinner. i asked if we order everything we want first or if we ordered one roll, finish it, and then they'll bring us another roll. the lady very rudely asked "if we've ever been to an AYCE before" which we have..and which is also why i asked what their rule was. we began to order one roll plus an appetizer each and she said that we MUST finish everything, including the rice and if not, they will charge us a la carte price, even if we didn't like the taste of it. this was new to me. all of the AYCE sushi places i've been to, if i didn't like the roll, they would happily take it away and let me order again. Anyway, it's not about the rule i'm complaining about but her god damn attitude and tone of voice. even the surrounding tables talked about her crappy attitude so i know we weren't thinking this in our heads.... . then because of AYCE rule and the one hour limit, we decided to just order off the menu.we got the sush dinner for two, one fancy smancy role and an appetizer.  somewhere along the way, another meal got added to our table. when we questioned it, she said someone ordered a combo first time around then when she came back to take the rest of our orders, she assumed we still wanted the first order. assumed?!!? if you weren't sure, why didn't you ask? she was so unapologetic about it and basically said "even if you don't eat it, you're still getting charge for it." . . ruined our experience. definitely won't be back.
Four of us went to this place on 12/21/2012 for all you can eat dinner. . All of us got severe food poisoning after 8 hours later. Trust me I am in the medical field. At first, severe nausea and uncontrollable vomiting occurs.  Next phase comes watery diarrhea for 12 hours. If we didn't eat activated charcoal to stop further toxic absortion, we might have went to an ER. Please be aware of this place, aside from their horrible service, their food is dangerous. . One important thing I want to mention is their menu item "Super White Tuna", also known as Escolar (White Tuna) according to wikipedia. It is known to be toxic and banned by Japanese government!!!! . . But don't you worry, they serve it right  here for us who do not know. Here is your reference,. .  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escolar. . I will need to further research this but after going through the poisoning myself, I will never go to this place.
Went here for lunch. All you can eat. Wasn't busy when we arrived. Waited over an hour for initial order of sashimi.  Last order we received smelled and tasted of ammonia. Place was dirty and the bathrooms were not functioning. So after the service, the bathrooms, and the poor quality we informed staff we needed to leave and told them we did not want to pay full price because of the previous issues listed. They were unwilling to compromise, so we paid and left.  Very sad too, we use to frequent this place.. . Had to call the health district too.  Shortly after we left wife and I were both physically ill.
That's really funny that other people (yelp members) got Food poisoning from this place too! I am also in the medical field and I knew I got food poisoning. ( along with my wife). I called Goyemon to let them know what happened to us and all they said was sorry the first time. Then I called them a second time (after I figured that my friends also got food poisoning. Coincidence....I think not) To let them know that it was definitely from their food. They proceeded to argue with me and not let me speak to the manager. (actually I heard them talking in the background and the manager says its not their fault). They advised me that I was suppose to call within 48 hours and let them know. I did but I didn't remember the lady I talked to. I really think it was a bad way for them to handle this situation.They also told me that they fly everything fresh and everything on their menu is toxic free. They tried to blame the situation on my own doing. Just to let everyone know, I went on 12/16/2012.  And DUK C. went on 12/21/2012..  I thought the food was amazing and delicious but unfortunately they did not own up to their mistake. I am now scared to eat from Sushi joints all because of their place. I hope this post would serve as a warning to all before you attempt to eat at this establishment.
I don't get the hype behind this place.  I finally tried it and couldn't enjoy the food b/c i was so distressed over the surroundings.  By far the worse customer service (if you want to call it that) and an obnoxious wait when there were tables available.  I would not return here even if I thought the food was better then any other sushi place in town.  But off the top of my head I can think of two other places I would rather go to and I know the service is much much better.
Very disappointed with this place.  Been there once  for lunch without any issues.  Raved about it to  my co-workers.  Made plans to have our company dinner there for X-Mas.  Service to put it mildly, was  horrible.  Place was disorganized because of poor  management as well as lack of servers.  They were ill-prepared for a holiday dinner rush.   Granted, not all of our party members were there at the same time.  Was it really necessary to continue intimidating our table that if our friends did not show up by a certain time,  we would lose our table?   Run by a bunch of people without any management or organizational skills.  Female serving us was rather grumpy and appeared as though she did not want to be there.  Noticed only two female servers for the evening while so called supervisors, male and female,  hung around by the order machine while everything was getting backed up and falling apart.  Too much waiting around for our drinks to be refilled or most importantly,  orders taken.  Food is good but how can you enjoy it when place is a chaotic mess.
OMG this restaurant I've been so many time and I can't believe that it turn so nasty               ... First thing got to the restaurant the host wouldn't seat us because one of our friend hasn't arrive yet. Ok then told her that he'll be here in 5 minutes. After telling her that she gave us a table. When we sat down the waiter and ready to order she said we can't order yet. She said that we are missing one person and wouldn't let us order first. Wtf. That is really messed up.
Unbelievable bad service. We were at restaurant for 1hour they never say thank you and no smile. Hirame had bad smell. We tried to order ice cream she say she can't take order because her wrist hurting???? Really ... One ice cream she can't take the order... We ask another waitress she give us a one finger to tell us  to wait!!!!  Seriously?
Let me start out by saying that I'm an avid sushi eater and have been for quite some time and therefore have visited most AYCE places in town. We came here a few weeks ago and the service left much to be desired. After waiting 30 minutes for a server to take our drink orders at the bar, we finally got our food and it tasted average. Nothing to write home about. . . Tonight, we got sat after a short wait (8pm), and once again waited 10-15 minutes for a waiter to come greet us. My girlfriend got the beef udon which comes with a California roll. With her being allergic to artificial crab, we asked them to remove the crab. The waitress informed us that this would result in a $2.50 charge. What??? Last time I checked, a what would be a cucumber roll costs less than a California roll, and especially the fact that a guest is allergic dictates that reasonable accommodations be made. Our waitress made a big fuss and finally I told her to grab the manager. She went and grabbed another server, who told us that there were no exceptions and they had to charge us more because they would have to use an extra strip of cucumber in lieu of the crab. Once again, what kind of drugs do you have to be high on to think that it makes sense to charge someone $2.50+$3.75 for a cucumber roll compared to a $4.25 California roll?? . . At this point he told me that this was by order of the chef so I asked to speak to him, and he told me that the chef was too busy and he can't pull him off the floor. Instead, he grabbed a business card and wanted me to email the owner. Last time I checked, when a guest is allergic you don't punish them and certainly don't insult them by refusing to amend the situation and defuse it professionally. Needless to say, we got up and went next door to sushi 21, which although smaller, has much better service. I'm glad that I put in a 15 nigiri order and they were already halfway done when when we left haha.. . Ps. I've been a server for 8 years at 5 different restaurants and have never dealt with such a derelict managerial staff. It's beyond me how they still stay in business.
I have been Goyemon's customer since they open, feel really bad to see its getting worst here. Hostess ( long dark hair ) has a real bad attitude, set at the sushi bar, looking forward to have some fun time, the older chef Harry acts like I have killed his dog. Bad experience!
The food was not great.  The service was terrible.  The chef ignored us and we had to leave without getting everything we wanted to eat.  The preparation was sloppy and some items just didn't taste right.  The price is good and we've always had good luck at their "sister restaurant" Sushimon.  This restaurant smelled like garbage which probably explained why nobody was there.  It seemed like the chefs were more interested in talking to each other than actually doing their job.  At least the staff waiting tables were a bit more attentive and friendly.  There are way better Sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  Don't bother with this place.
This is the most reviewed AYCE sushi in Las Vegas area. Therefore, this was also the first restaurant I considered to go back in January. However, I was a bit concerned about people's comment about the bad service here. Finally, I went to Sushi Yama in January and was very satisfied with Sushi Yama. . . This week I am in town again. Really want to give this place a try because of the good review about food quality. Also I am planning to go on Friday lunch and did not expect this place would become too busy, and hopefully I won't encounter the service issue that other patrons mentioned. . . Unfortunately, I end up have all these first hand experience with a cocky waitress. I called in advance and ask them if there is one hour limit for lunch time. The host told me that I can eat there for 1.5 hour. I think it is quite reasonable because we don't like to be rushed. When we were seated, I saw the Uni and sweet shrimp are not included in the lunch. I was not very happy about it because if you look at the menu online, it was a bit misleading. Then I saw the 45 minutes limit on the menu and I tried to clarify with the waitress. I told the waitress that we just called the host and she said we can eat here for 1.5 hours. The waitress insisted that 45 minutes is the limit stated on the menu and it has always been the rule. Well, I just spoke to the host 10 minutes ago and now I am getting the total different information. Then, this WONDERFUL waitress said the time limit is 45 minutes, it is up to you if you want to eat here or not. I don't trade off being respected and welcomed no matter how the food quality is. It really upset me. Later on, she added on if they are not busy, they don't really enforce the time limit strictly. So I figured out that was why the host said 1.5 hours when I called the restaurant. . . It would just be a lot easier that if the waitress explained they don't enforce this strictly instead of telling me it's up to me to stay or go. I think she maybe too exhausted and she feels better if she doesn't need to serve that many customers.. . So, finally we walked away and went to Umiya and enjoyed the great sushi and excellent service there. I will recommend all my clients and friends going to Yama or Umiya in the future
Went there with friends on lunch1p-ish,  the host or mgr wontgive us table coz our whole party not here yet. OK, frids arrived and still wont give us table, said we cant seat 5ppl in that table, so she gave it to other huge party. ( what a JOKE...)  So, close to 2p she finally sits us rite NEXT to the table we were suppose to have. I mean.... whats the difference, NOPE. . . As for the food, its ok, the rolls i like are Red Dragon, Sexy Girls, and Hurricane, other than that.....nah . Oh yeah, Nigiri, i understand is AYCE, but ive never seen such tiny nigiri in my life, or all the AYCE sushi ive been in the past. Not mention that we found hair in the sushi, and told our server, what she said was : uh ok, would you like another new one? WHAT???.....no apologize or report to mgr,  do notthing about it. . . All in all, i will not going back for sure, there are tons AYCE sushi in the Vegas; going back to sushi mon and extreme sushi ( SH area one) next time.
Poor customer service.  I was baffled to learn that because we ordered a roll that we didn't like, therefore we didn't eat, we would be charged the a la carte price on top of having to pay for the all you can eat price --wow!!!  So the customer is penalized for disliking the food...that's enough for me not to return to this place.
With so many sushi places in Vegas, you'd think they'd give better service to attract customers. To begin with there was a long wait to be seated, even after our table opened up. The server pretty much ignored our party. We had to remind them of our orders, the last two rolls took forever to be delivered to the table. Will not return here and honestly don't suggest it. On a positive note, the strawberry mochi was good.
I moved here from LA so I know my sushi, apparently unlike the other reviewers of Goyemon. Many classmates had recommended this place but it was more than a disappointment. The eel must have been a week old. The food smelled and had zero sauce. My rolls stuck to the plate they were so dry. We got AYCE and were lost as to what to order because the food was just so bad. Literally, I've had better sushi in a mall food court. Zero stars!!!. Best sushi in Vegas is Sushi Twister in Henderson.
I've been here about 60 times and have officially been here for the LAST time. Unfortunately now they have decided to charge for yum yum sauce that I've always ordered and never been charged for. My friend always used to order a side if sushi rice but now that costs $2 extra.  I've probably spent over $10,000 here!!!. My California roll was mediocre.  I've had better at Costco.. On top of that there was a hair in my friends food. Ugh! . Don't bother with Goyemon-they have gotten too big for their britches. Just drive down the street to Flamingo and Arville to Umiya. Better sushi, better service.
Horrendous customer service (very slow, unprofessional, inept, and down right rude)! Mediocre food! Dismal portion sizes for the price! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE!!!
I didn't want dessert, but when I got home I wanted something to get the taste of old fish out of my mouth. This place was awful!! The AYCE sushi was very small. The sakekama was overdone. The albacore had seen its better days. I wish I had detected it was off before I ate most of it. I hope I don't get sick.
Honestly, their food is good but their service just ruins everything.
I just had a late lunch. The all you can eat sushi was not worth it. The food was not fresh. It was horrible!!! I've been here quite a few times but I don't remember the food tasting like this. First of all, the edamame was not eatable. I couldn't even get the peas out of the pods. The chicken skewers were dried and had a weird smell with it. Perhaps the meat was sitting out too long?? The sushi items we ate didn't taste fresh. Especially the tuna. We also ordered the green mussels whichwas burnt and ruin the rest of my appetite. Overall for lunch I should of starve.
Food is okay - the menu has changed a lot since its opening and I am sad to say that a lot of the dishes that made it special are no longer available.  Fish is decent but you pay for what you get.. . I've been to this restaurant around 6-7 times and I have to say that 3 of those times, I experienced shoddy service and it seems to be getting worse.  The first bad experience was when our first waitress ended her shift at 6pm and then we didn't get a second server for the next 45 minutes which meant that no one took our orders, removed our plates, or fill our water for almost 45 minutes until we finally asked where was our server.  Even then, there was no apology and the waitress seems annoyed that she had to work another table.  The second time and third time (which was the last two times we went), the waitresses did not want to take our order individually; instead, she asked us to consolidate our orders among our party which was very hard to do in a large party and loud restaurant.  I know what I want but you want me to order for the rest of my group and guess how much they want as well?  If that's what they are going to do for large parties, they should implement a system with paper and pencil so we can write down or tally up what we want on the menu.  If not, at least try to be accommodating, friendly, or apologetic about the inconvenience.  Their attitude from the get-go seemed impatient, frustrated, and not welcoming at all.
My gf and I have been going to this place a good amount of time already, we never had any problems nor complains, until the last two times we went service was horrible. Food was alright as usual, but service got terribly terribly worst. I had the same server for the last two times I went, it was a mexican dude. I don't have any problems with mexican or any nationality but this dude was just ignored us. Every time my gf and I went we always tip good, but he just ignored us, I thought he was busy or something but no he was walking around talking to other customers and took their second round order. He was gone right after he took our first orders. It was just irritating seeing this guy working there. Will never go back until this guy leaves this place.
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!. I do not recommend eating here. This place actually will ask you to leave because they are busy and have customers waiting. We were seated only for 45MINS which is by NO means an overly excessive amount of time and we were told that we needed to finish our food becuase people were waiting. staff is RUDE, and they are UNPROFESSIONAL. *** AS A PAYING CUSTOMER I DO NOT APPRECIATE BEING ASKED TO LEAVE AFTER 45MINUTES*** & this has also happened to other people I know my firend was actually adivsed that it doesnt matter if hes still ordering dessert / tea they need to leave .
Walk in to sit AT THE BAR, 5 seats open, wait for tables, Waitress tells me 10 minute wait for BAR seat, because they dont want to backup the sushi chefs from serving everyone else IF I sat at the bar!???? WTF. (Btw, there were THREE sushi chefs working). WILL NOT EVER GO HERE AGAIN.
Party of 7, wait time: roughly 30 mins.. AYCE limitations: No sharing (as always), and 1 hour limit- the heck?!. . This was our first visit but I follow a few people on YouTube that have been to this place so I've heard good things about it. The restaurant sits at the of a very quiet strip mall, well at least at 9:00pm it was quiet. Hostess was pleasant and sat us, but when we told her that we were all probably going to do AYCE, she only gives us 2 AYCE menus so we request for more. She never came back w/ them so we asked our server. He never came back w/ them. So we asked the busser, finally! Someone understands that 7 people shouldn't be sharing 2 freaking menus!. . Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders and even more time getting them to us. Even longer to take our orders which is a bit frustrating considering that they place an hour restriction on their AYCE! Needless to say-- their service sucked.. . On to the eats-- mediocre at best. I'm sorry but if you can't get garlic tuna right-- WTF is wrong with you?! It's my fav and has got to be the easiest f-ing thing to make. First off I didn't taste any garlic, it was more of a "lemon" tuna. And then I ordered a cut roll, it was more rice than sushi. . . Goyemon, I understand you're a small establishment and you want a good turnover on the tables, but if your servers suck, take their time with orders and stand around talking to other staff members for the majority of their shift (as they did the night we came in) then lift the hr limit bc your price point for what we rec'd was quite upsetting. . . Ok, bye.
