Wish I could say we got to try the food...we were sat, and waited for 20 minutes...it wasn't even busy (this is coming from a former server of 11 years who is very sympathetic). We had to leave because I was so hungry and we started to see numerous parties get sat after us. Oh well! The burger that I was going to order came out to the table right next to me (still, we were not acknowledged) and it didn't look great, a little overdone, but who knows maybe they wanted it that way... Next time... Or not
Dreadful. . Abominable. . Godawful. . "Bad" to the 10th degree.. . The meat is tasteless.. The buns are stale.. The toppings are paltry.. . And it's all insanely expensive.. I mean come on....$11 for undercooked truffle fries!!!! $16 for a tiny burger with a hard piece of prosciutto on it!!!!. . If you want a so-called gourmet burger with unconventional toppings, and a better cut of meat, go to Burger Bar or Barrymore or Holsteins or Bachi.. If you want a great regular burger that's infinitely better than this excuse for food, go to Smashburger or Badger Cafe.. But whatever you do, avoid this godawful Gordon Ramsey ego fever-dream.. . We've all heard that the Brits know nothing about good food. Well, Gordon Ramsey proves it many times over with BurGR.
Burgers are interesting, shakes are divine, parmesan fries are tasty, but the Caesar salad- weaksauce!  It is supposed to have apples, but I discovered only 4 paper-thin slices.  The croutons were greasy and there was almost nothing as far as dressing on the salad.
Overly ambitious cafeteria style food - with a big name to back it.. . Wings were raw, had the texture of something frozen, no juiciness, and awful Asian inspired sauce. . . Pork belly bun was just as bad. Dry bun came with the driest piece of pork belly I ever had.. . My burger, which is apparently grilled over applewood, had no taste of wood, smoke, or juiciness. The bun was stale and dry.. . Why would Gordon Ramsay put his name behind such a place? Clearly he hasn't tried the food.. . I lay here after a weekend in Vegas, on the verge of a cold from partying all night at Marquee. I could definitely have used my last meal in Vegas to get some sort of vitamins, or just a little bit of emotional uplift from the food. Instead I left Vegas cold, empty, dejected, and miserable.. . Damn you Vegas, and damn you Gordon Ramsay.
So sad that we had to wait 25 minutes for one of the worst burgers I've had this year.  . . Bread was rough, dry and just sucked.. . Burger was overdone but didn't matter because it was under seasoned and totally not juicy.  I would of taken any fast food joint's burger over this.. . Wings tasted boiled, over boiled.. . I'm Chinese, cha siu pork baos, yeah nice try.  The server said they buy the baos from a Korean place?  Uh...its a Chinese dish.. . The manager took off the appetizers on the bill.  When asked about my burger, he took that off too.  I was like jeeze, I don't need a free lunch.  Just make it good. . . Being from San Francisco, we may be a bit snobby but seriously, we know good food, all kinds of food, especially burgers.  . . 5 stars for Garrett our server.  Sorry his great customer service couldn't make the burger taste any better, so 1 star overall.  Many pretty good looking servers including Garrett.
I'm here to write my peace with BurGr in LV ! . . My second job is a bartender server as well and I understand about being slammed so when a bartender can make a connection with a customer it's a great thing...service from the lady bartender was excellent albeit quick...customers can feel a servers anxiety and she did well...i was kinda shocked at the gentlemen bar guys telling a customer sitting at the bar (after he waited for his order and requesting where it was ) : 'what do you want bro ?...all our orders are 25 minutes from the grill" Like he was an uninformed goob....come on : the customer was simply asking where his order was...(and it turned out it was ice cream dessert....just pull from the freezer) and don't call him 'bro' cause he ain't your bro.... . Asked for a certain temp in the burger and was a few notches North...ugh.. Fries...cold and stale...huh ? . Hot Dog...I know there's nitrates in them but damn...!. Beer list is awesome.... . Too many great burgers all over Vegas to let us down Gordon..... . All in all we were politely asked how it was and I never complain but the time I chose to say something...Karma hit me that eve with a touch of food poisoning or my stomach just couldnt keep this down....so to the staff at Burgr yes I understand karma is a bitch and I got mine...so Im here to make peace with BurGr and go on my way....
Everything was mediocre.  You are better off going to Burger bar or Carl's Jr. to fill your burger needs.
Stopped in today and tried the American Burger and "Just Fries".  The wait time for a couple of burgers far exceeded our expectation, which a Manager responded to promptly. The burgers and fries were Ok, nothing spectacular given the Gordon Ramsey theme. . . Since our meal was a flop, the manager covered our meal and solicited feedback from us on where they missed the mark with us. This restaurant appears to have a very keen management staff, I just hope they can translate customer feedback into a better product.
Within 10 minutes all of us got sick, don't know if it was the undercooked burgers or the parmesan truffle French Fries. I see from the reviews below that we are not the only ones that got a touch of food poisoning from this place. We did tell the management later that day after we all purged and they did offer us a refund, we declined. I don't need a free lunch.  Just make it good!!. . There are too many great places to eat in Vegas; this is not one of them.
Terrible, inattentive staff at the counter/bar area. Was bad, so I left before even ordering.
Bad! My husband and I were so excited to try BurGR! The only positives were the atmosphere and we thought the bus boy had fantastic service (unfortunately he helped us at the end of our dinner). We ordered wings to start. We did not care for the wasabi favored ones but thought the spicy ones were great. Our burgers were both undercooked. My husband ordered medium and I ordered medium well. Mine was all pink and my husband's was bloody. We were in a rush to head to a show (we were told an hour and 15 min wait and it was over an hour and half) so we didn't catch anyone to send our burgers back. The waitress didn't come back for 10-15 minutes to check on us. When she did come back she didn't ask us how our burgers were. She seemed very busy and just asked if we wanted another drink. The burgers were very salty for me and my husband's taste.. . We were really frustrated with the hostesses. We were told about an hour and 15 minutes and that they would send us a text when our table was ready. After an hour and 15 we hadn't received a text yet so we went to check to see how much longer it would be. The hostesses were all very nice but they told us that they needed to bus some tables and it would be a "few minutes". So after about 10 minutes they told us the same thing and after another 10 minutes we were seated. A "few minutes" to me is 5-10. I guess a few minutes to them is 20. Then when we sat down there were several open tables (about 8). I'm sure these were tables that they were waiting for people to come back after getting a text that their tables were ready but they seemed to be open for awhile.
Never go here. Nothing but mediocre stewed-tasting meat. The help is great but the FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF words coming from the white jackets could be heard in the restaurant by us. That was the only noise we heard....
Like a lot of things in Vegas, this place is all fluff and hype and not much substance. First of all, it took 17 minutes from the time we were seated to get a beer and soda. This is mainly because we had to wait for the drink menu on an I-Pad that was being used by another table, "really" ? Cute idea, maybe. Really bad business decision. The chicken sliders were absolutely terrible. I tried to cover the taste up with some of the provided sauces, it only made it worse. I had my wife try a bite and she couldn't believe I was even trying to eat it. The burger was good, not great. The onion rings looked great but actually were bland and just OK. We come to Vegas twice a year for the past 25 years. There are so many better choices for burgers or a good meal.
I was going to give BURGR a 4 because it didn't taste bad (but not great) when I had it.  It wasn't until about 45 minutes later until I decided this place was no good.  I felt like I ate a pound of salt, my clothes stunk like onions and had no desire to eat dinner.   The more I started thinking about it, the more cheesy the place became.  The service was over the top.  The waiters were not real people but actors,  the wings were so-so and when comparing it to an In-N-Out burger for 3x the price, then I feel ok giving it a 1 star.
So utterly unimpressed. Burgers were dry, overcooked and took forever. When we informed the server how bad our meal was we got a "sorry" and that was the end of it. Not a very good first impression. I expected better from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant - even if it is just a burger joint. We won't be back...
Very disappointed. Couldn't wait to check out this place for Restaurant Week. Checked the restaurant hours online (11am-2am on a Saturday) and made the trek to the Strip during NASCAR weekend. Fought the traffic and the crowds just to arrive to a restaurant that was roped off and closed. The hostess was still behind the ropes and informed us that they had "issues" today and would not be opening for the day until 6pm. Not impressed when a place is not open during their posted hours.  Will not be returning again.
i was there for the experience for my sons 16th birthday but it was disappointing. the food we ate was o.k. then we told the waitress the hotdog was to salty then she said that she will just credit us the amount. then by the time we paid our bill the the credited amount was still there. then they maid the neccessary changes. After 3 days i check my account i was charge almost $300 dollars which my bill was supposed to be only $139.i was charge twice  then i called them to dispute this issue i asked for the manager  the holst told me what was the issue then i told her to just direct me to the manager i had the chance to say my name ask his name and i was cut off then keep on calling then never answer back. then i left my cell # still waiting for respond. what an experience ha? and I'm still waiting for there call to credit the amount they took.
This is the second Gordon Ramsey place I've tried and I can honestly say he's the most overrated celebrity chef. A few years back had drinks and food at LONDON in NYC and it was like, meh. Nothing special, just ok and a little disappointing. Shrugged it off and just resigned myself to the idea that it was better to watch him on TV than to actually go to one of his places....then Vegas happened. . . It was late and BurGR was almost the only place open so why not. The place looked great-nice, clean, and modern. Hostess was friendly and our server was really nice. Menu looked interesting and enticing so it seemed like there was hope. . . I know it's a burger place (hence the name - duh!) but the hot dogs looked really good so I decided to order one. Bad idea. It took a little long for the food to come out but that's ok. We were in no rush and our server was friendly. Finally our food came and it looked amazing. My plate was huge, looked great and then I took a bite. It was the worst bite of food I've ever had. It was super salty. I mean SUPER SUPER salty. So salty that I almost spit it out like the restaurant's namesake does on TV. I thought it was me so I took another bite and it was confirmed. BLEH....!. . I'm not one to complain to a waiter, have food redone or replaced. When the waiter came and asked how everything was my friend insisted I say something so I did. Our server was apologetic and kind. He offered something else and insisted I pick something else. By then I was so turned off I would of honestly preferred a return but graciously accepted a hamburger. He took it away and apologized and told me I was not the first person to complain and that the kitchen was working on the recipe. Really?!? Not the only person to say this and the kitchen is working on this....really?!? (My guess is that they have the hot dogs custom made for the restaurant.) Sorry, with a big name associated with this place I'd think this would of been fixed BEFORE you even opened the doors.  . . Burger came, was decent but by then my taste buds were so blasted by the salty dog it was pointless. (BTW: If you're ever in NY Shake Shack is the place for a good old fashion juicy burger.). . If you go get the burger, forget the hot dogs until they've improved the recipe.
Walked in and sat at the bar/counter. The staff behind the bar looked at me no less than ten times in about ten minutes. I was not greeted, provided a menu, asked for my drink order, etc. So I got up and left. By the way, it was a week night and not busy. With an abundance of over priced burger joints in Vegas, this place stands out for BAD service.
Pricey and the burgers were not good. I had the blue cheese burger. It tasted only of blue cheese. . My sister had the regular cheese burger and it was so sweet she couldn't eat it.. For the price it has horrible. Will never go there again.
Ordered the Oreo/Creme brulee shake, hells kitchen burger, parmesan truffle fries, and a plain cheeseburger. The Burgers were mediocre at best I honestly would rather have gone to in n out or Holsteins at the cosmopolitan. The meat was dry and the hells kitchen burger was not even spicy. The food is sub part its like Carl's Jr but with a $16 ticket per burger. The oreo shake was okay but hardly a milkshake since 90% of the shake
The only reason there is one star is because I can't give less - that and the Manager, Benji.. . Started out with a 45 minute wait when there were open tables. Seated, waited 20 minutes before the server arrived to take our order. Watched another server scratching her hair / head. She did NOT go and wash her hands. Ordered. Thirty minutes later still waiting for food. Thus far, I am unimpressed.  (Had dinner the other night at Chef Ramsay's Pub at Caesar's Palace. The food was extremely good and the service was friendly, efficient and very well executed).  Food finally arrived after complaining to the useless waitress.  The server that had been scratching her head brought the food.  My burger was overcooked and luke warm.  My husband's burger was cold and overcooked.  The only reason the fries were hot on the top was because they'd been under the heat lamp for heaven knows how long!  We asked for ketchup - never showed up.  We spoke with the Manger Benji - very nice man - who freely admitted that the daytime service at BurGR is awful.  He invited us to return the next time we're in Vegas which we will do but certainly not with the same anticipation. . .  Looking around there were more tables waiting for their food than tables eating.  There are orders stacked up under the lamps waiting. I haven't seen our server even bring out one order yet.. . After such hoopla and anticipation over BurGR I am so dissapointed.  The food was horrible - certainly not worth the price tag or the hullabaloo.  I really like Chef Ramsey's other restaurants - I just hope that he finds out what a travesty BurGR is truly.  It is EVERYTHING that he preaches against:  awful service, awful food and, as far as the wait staff goes, a complete lack of regard for the patron.  I actually saw one of the patrons tip the busboy because he was more helpful than the server.
The wait was too long. I think any local such as I, will agree that bachi burger is way better and way cheaper as far as fancy burgers go that is. Food isnt bad but just not worth the money and the experience.
I went not really expecting much from this place. That should say something when I say that it was terrible.  I was with some friends and I split the Blue Burger and the Fish Sandwich.. The blue; Besides the burger being overly dense and way too dry, (even though it was pink) where on earth did you find the blandest blue cheese I have ever tasted. Next time I'll go to Carl's Jr for the same quality and maybe a little juicier.. The fish sandwich; Let start with it was Friday which is suppose to be the best time to   order fish right!? It was neither fresh nor fresh frozen it was yesterdays fish or it was left out too long that day. I had one bit and spit it out. The rest of my friends thought this was funny (5 of them) so I dare all of them to eat a bit. No one could swallow it. . I did not make a stink because I was drinking and so was everybody else so I thought it better not to make a scene. But I will never recommend this place to anyone ever, and you would have to pay me to eat there again. . To the server that did not get a tip. I know it wasn't your fault but it is better than me yelling at you.  . Thank you Gordon Ramsey for confirming my belief that a celebrity restaurant is never a good idea.
I went not really expecting much from this place. That should say something when I say that it was terrible.  I was with some friends and I split the Blue Burger and the Fish Sandwich.. The blue; Besides the burger being overly dense and way too dry, (even though it was pink) where on earth did you find the blandest blue cheese I have ever tasted. Next time I'll go to Carl's Jr for the same quality and maybe a little juicier.. The fish sandwich; Let start with it was Friday which is suppose to be the best time to   order fish right!? It was neither fresh nor fresh frozen it was yesterdays fish or it was left out too long that day. I had one bit and spit it out. The rest of my friends thought this was funny (5 of them) so I dare all of them to eat a bit. No one could swallow it. . I did not make a stink because I was drinking and so was everybody else so I thought it better not to make a scene. But I will never recommend this place to anyone ever, and you would have to pay me to eat there again. . To the server that did not get a tip. I know it wasn't your fault but it is better than me yelling at you.  . Thank you Gordon Ramsey for confirming my belief that a celebrity restaurant is never a good idea.
30 minutes for a burger that's not even cooked to the right temp? Waste of time and the burger had no flavor. Joke
We went in last night for a friends Birthday. We Drove up form California  because that's what He wanted. Well it was not what I expeated for a Gordon Ramsay restraint's. The services was great. They had our food there on time and it was hot and some what good. I order the  Blue burger and some type of garlic fries. the burger was ok but the Fries did not sit well with me and I got sick when I get home. Not a fun time at all.They were very greasy and if I'm right when I see him on TV he would of yelled at someone and then throw them back and say FIX IT!!! Well I throw them all right. UP!! not a fan at all.. . Then when we told the waiter it was our friends Birthday does he get a something. he then side it someone it going to pay for it under his breath. We just looked at him and left. We paid $430.00 for 13 of us and that is what he has to say. NOT cool!  I wish I got his name. . . I will give a big shout out to the people who brought our Food. They were great! :) Knew who order what and told us what we order. and they had a smile at all time.. Great team work there.
Normally I wouldn't let a server ruin my experience at a restaurant but the service was terrible.  The food was just okay and the shake with pudding was garbage.  There's plenty of other casual restaurants in Vegas to spend your money at.
Long wait for a very disappointing experience. Mind you I was ready to taste what a gourmet burger tasted like. Fries were too greasy and go figure no regular catsup or mustard! The sun blaring down on us was extremely bad and yet not one restaurant staff bothered to block the sun or apologize. Service was ok but I wasn't impressed. I was only able to eat 1/2 of my burger! Too much hoopla for very bad food!
We ate a late dinner at Burgr last night.  It tool about 20 minutes to get a table... Not bad. We ordered a shake, and dinner. It took about 15-20  minutes just to bring us our shake, I ordered a burger and my husband ordered a salad and shared fries.  It took another 20 or so minutes to bring our meals. My husband's salad looked like a pile of over cooked noodles.... Tasted nasty. My burger was fine.... Nothing to brag about. The fires were undercooked and over seasoned... No one was really even good about water refills. We did speak with the manager Benjamin, his only comment were we locals????? really.. This place sucks. I am so shocked, this was a place that I would have thought would have been amazing... Save your time and money there are to many other Burger places in Vegas
I went once and probably wont do it again. . first, it took us a long time to have a waitress to take our orders and then to get orders done. also, I asked for well-done burger but it came not so I had to wait for another order. the burgers were ok! nothing special in them.. I ordered pudding which was very thick and heavy. I had stomach ache all that day and spend my day visiting toilets! and I think it is from the pudding.
Mr Ramsey I think you are a phenomanal chef and I am a big fan , but I am dissapointed with Burgr .. Using your words here is a short review . I don't want to blow smoke up your A .... 3 words for you , In N Out !!!!!. Fries over seasoned ,. Burgers under seasoned.. Shake chalky .. Service and ambience good.. Listen to joe Bastianich and get rid of the truffle oil.. On the whole a disappointing experience.
I was very excited to try Ramsay's food, as I've been a television fan for a long time.  We ordered Ice water with lemon, and only received ice water.  We ordered the onion rings as an appetizer; the homemade ranch was delicious, and the chipotle ketchup was ok, at best.  The onion rings were quite greasy, although seasoned well.  For the main course, we ordered the "Farmer's Burger" (I can't fully remember the name, but it was a burger with duck bacon and an egg on top) ( I would rate this burger alone a 3.5), the "Hells Kitchen Burger", and the Truffle Fries with Truffle Aioli.  The hells kitchen burger was charred so badly on the bottom that I could taste nothing but burnt, and had absolutely no seasoning.  The burger had roasted jalepeno, tomato, and avacado on top of a cheese I cannot remember the name of.  We had a shift change mid service, so the new waiter took a while to catch on that the burger was sitting there untouched.  We advised him that not only was it charred, there was NO seasoning whatsoever.  He brought back a less cooked burger, but with no seasoning still.  To have roasted vegetables with raw (thickly cut) avacado on top with NO salt was a slap in the culinary world's face.  The only salt was from the cheese, which you could taste in the last bite (as all the toppings were eaten already.)  I would never go back, and will never eat at a Ramsay restaurant again.  To "rectify" the issue with yet another unseasoned burger told me that it was intended to be bland.  No thanks, for over $50 I could have eaten three times the amount at In N Out burger and been completely satisfied!  (Oh yes, the fries were ok, more garlicy than truffley...but the meal cannot be held up by the fries.)
Food was great, after we finally received it. We ordered Pork Bao buns to start then ordered fries & a burger to split and share.. . We were served all three items at the same time almost one hour after placing our order.  We told the server we were in a hurry when we sat down.  Instead, her service was less than stellar though the food was good even though we had to rush & gulf it down as to not be late for our show appointment.. . After we were presented with the check, we signed and completed the transaction.  I then ordered two to-go shakes. It took 30 minutes to receive. Not only did it take 30 minutes from the time we placed the order, the server charged me $69.00 for two shakes. She then presented me with a new check for $19.00 saying she credited my credit card for the $69.00.  After reviewing my bank accounts, she charged me for both $69.00 and for the $19.00.  There was no credit issued whatsoever.. . Our entire dining time took one hour and 30 minutes.. . I give the cuisine: 9. . For the service....appalling!   Even a "1" is way too generous!
over rated!!! go to port a call, new orleans louisiana if you want a real burger with a must have monsoon
Terrible service. Food was ok. Not worth it.
we were the forth couple in line at 11 am. very,very long wait. fries were extremly salty, my burger was over done and bland.i would have sent it back but the wait staff never came over to check untill i was almost done.  we ate about half the fries and my gilfriend found a hair. while waiting on the waitress and the manager a light fixture fell out of the ceiling at the table next to us. the manager finally came over and tried to explain it wasnt a hair it was something off the potato bag?? and they were tring to resolve it with the vendor??? dont they wash the contents first?? they did take off the fries on the bill... dis reguard the hype ... i wont go back.
Everything about this place reeks of Vegas: hot chics waitresses who show off their pretty young boobs, pretty boy waiters who chat and flirt with their fellow employees as the food in the kitchen sits, and waits....and waits.....and waits to be served. . . Ok, I ordered an American burger medium rare with fries and a beer. I was placed up front by the kitchen and could watch the dudes in the back making the orders. The food looked and smelled great! Alright, I was excited and ready to eat!. . But the orders, after being made, just sat there where the cooks placed the food. So many plates would fill up the area that they ran out of room to place them there; they'd start to shuffle the plates around to any available area.. . I got my 'burgr' and it was of good quality, but it was cold and not very appetizing. I told the airhead, pleasantly busty boobed waitress and all she could say was, "Um, ok. But its good, right? I mean, its cold, but its good, right?". Replying that it was cold and not what I wanted from a 'burgr', she told me that I had ordered it medium rare and maybe that's why it was cold. Hmmm........I gave up and tried the manager.. . Long story short, I chewed her out and got another 'Burgr' that was good, but after all the hassle I had to go through to get a decent meal I say screw this overhyped, inefficiently ran celebrity chef dumphole.. . AND, after this experience, I decided not to try any more Gordon Ramsay restaurants during my trip to Vegas.
Do not waste your time!!!!. . Standard here is nothing like what you see him demand on his show. Took an hour to get a burger and it was not busy. Order was wrong . So she went in the back and just pull things off burger that I did not order. Then when I asked her if that was what she did she said yes ...then waited agin and it was wrong again. . Onion ring are dripping in grease.. The staff here is hopeless ... Not a clue on how to serve.  Maybe Gordon should spend some time here and work on his on restaurant .. I so wanted to love this place..... Could have gone to In and Out burger
It is not worth the wait . It's not worth any wait. . It's burgers, and if you can't make a decent burger, your not human. . The staff is robotic. The bartenders act like they're in a cool guy club.  . Little secret, skip the line and go right to the bar. You can order right from there but they act like they are going you a favor by tending bar. . If you like looking at pictures of a boobie English dude ( they are all over the place) while eating a mediocre burger, soggy fries...go for it. . Best bet, take a ride to in and out burger.
I had expectations that this place would be great, given Gordon's televised rants demanding perfection. Apparently he has a different standard for his own properties.   First, when I ordered my burger (which cost $15 with no sides), I asked for it to be cut in half. The waiter told me there was a knife on the table and I could do it myself. Then, it took over 30 minutes for the hamburger and $8 fries to arrive. I ordered the meat "medium well" and at least 1/2 the thickness of the inside of the patty was pink. Perhaps I caught them on a bad day, but I won't be back to Gordon's.
I'm a huge fan of Gordan Ramsay, so I was super excited about trying this place out.  The line to be seated was LONG, but that made me even more excited.  It took about 45 minutes for my girlfriend and I to finally get seated.  Once we ordered, it took about another 45 minutes for the food to come out.  We were thinking at least it means the food was super fresh and made to order.  When we finally got the food, it was such a disappointment.  Both our burgers were bland and the fries were horrible.  Our server wasn't really friendly at all, we got a little attitude when asking for regular ketchup.  In the end, I'm still a Ramsay fan, I love his shows but I'll never come back here again.
The service at this establishment is absolutely horrible. We were celebrating my daughter's b'day last night and decided to try BurGR. We get there and stand in a very long line, which was no big deal and sort of expected it. While standing in line a hostess comes up to us and asks how many in our party, we say 5. She takes us out of line and places our party size and cell phone number in an iPad and tells us that we will receive a text message as soon as our table is ready, which would probably be about an hour, to an hour and 20 minutes, this was at 8:05 pm. Fine. We proceed to the Extra Lounge and have a few drinks and listen to a very good live band. Well and hour and 20 minutes comes and goes so my brother decides to go and ask the hostess what's going on. She tells us we will be getting the next booth and if we don't receive a text by 9:37 pm to come back. It's now 9:45 pm and no text so my brother goes back to the hostess. I notice he's gone for about 5 minutes so we get up to go and see what the problem is. I find him talking to a manager, Benjamin is his name. I hear my brother, in a very neutral tone asking him if he could at least apologize and own up to the fact that we have been stood up. Apparently the hostess never entered our reservation correctly in the iPad so it was as if we never had our info in the system and my brother was trying to rectify the situation and asked the manager to at least own up to the fact that someone on his staff made a mistake. My brother explained to Benjamin the manager that he too is a Customer Service manager and when things like this happen you apologize and try to fix the situation. Again, my brother never raised his voice and I hear Benjamin telling my brother "dude lower your voice do not yell at me." Seriously, a "manager" addresses his customers with the word "dude?" My brother kept saying to him, "I am not yelling at you, I am explaining how good customer service should work." Again, Benjamin tells my brother "dude lower your voice and don't take that tone with me." So I ask my brother "what's going on?" and he proceeds to tell me that Benjamin isn't quite getting the picture of what good customer service should entail and that at this point he is being an asshole. Yes my brother used that word and maybe it was wrong but he said it to me and not directly to Benjamin and only out of frustration because it was my daughter's b'day and she really wanted to eat at BurGR.  At that point Benjamin says that he is not going to seat us because my brother called him a derogatory name. Mind you, all my brother wanted at that point was an apology that his staff messed up and for him to own it. Benjamin refused and continued calling my brother "dude" and telling him that he wasn't going to seat us even though we waited over an hour and 50 minutes. I don't know about anyone else but in my book that is truly bad customer service. At this point my husband is standing there livid and tells Benjamin that he's a f***ing dickhead and a poor manager. And Benjamin stands there with a huge smile on his face and says to my husband "have a great night, you're not eating at BurGR" which infuriated him even more, I honestly had to pull my husband away because I knew if we stayed there 1 more minute Benjamin would have found himself passed out on the floor with all his teeth missing.  Needless to say we will never go back to BurGR and every chance I get, on every social network possible, I am going to let everyone know how terrible the service is and what a moron Gordon Ramsay has as a manager for that restaurant. I don't know why Benjamin got so offended over a comment that wasn't made directly to him because from what I know about Gordon Ramsay, he goes around calling his staff members much worse. The good news is we ended up at Stripburger and had the best service and best burgers ever. Piss off BurGR!!!
Pretty bad. Like really, really bad. Not one person near my table was blown away by any of the food. The look on everyone's face was hilarious because it said "REALLY!? This is what I waited for?" Very, very overpriced too. . . I have tried to go here 3 times and this is the first time I have actually been able to try the food. The other two the wait was way too long and now I know it is not worth it by any means.. . Meat is undercooked and is so pink you might think it is raw. The burger itself is really underwhelming and very disappointing. It lacks flavor and you will be wondering why you bothered to wait for so long in line and after you ordered. It is shocking how mediocre it is.. . The pop up dessert should have been great but instead tastes like a discount ice cream you buy from the clearance section at a convenience store.. . Such a lousy experience. I actually would like my money back. I don't see this place lasting for long. It can't survive on tourist only who don't know there are much better burger places nearby on the strip and off it.
I am a huge fan of GR, but I have to say the people in charge of Burgr are not keeping up with the place. . 1. Long wait for a half full restaurant. (Old way of attracting customers) . . 2. Long wait for food. Another bad strategy to sell appetizers and drinks. (They are almost pushy when they tell you right up front) . . 3. Burgers are full of flavor, but not in a good way. Too much of one ingredient overpowers the taste of the main part, which should be the burger.
I was so disappointed.  I expected fresh healthy ingredients from a restaurant with a chef attached to it.  Truffle fries were dry.  Home made ketchup had corn syrup.  Jalapeno margarita did not have fresh lime.  Avocado on burger was brown.  Burger had no flavor.  This felt like a chain that I want to avoid.
Waited in line for 45 min.  When we got to the host and she said we weren't on the waiting list so we had to go in back of the line and wait another hour.  If we had known that there was a waiting list to sign in, we would've put our name in.  After us and a couple other people in line complained, many people angrily walking away, the girl that was supposed to check people in quickly started to go down the line signing people in acting like she was doing her job all along.  The problem here was that the worker assigned the job of signing people in the waiting list was not doing her job since she was nowhere to be seen from the time we got there, about 45 minutes, until we voiced our complaint along with the customers around us.  . . We asked for the manager.  His name was Benjamin.  At this point, we were very upset.  He came, told us to calm down; no apology given and even acted like we were in the wrong.  After 10 minutes of his defensive and non-accommodating stance, he decided to try to get us a table.  Not out of wanting to give us good service, but to look good in front of the other customers and to "process us." . . My girlfriend ate here before with a friend and recommended it because the food was good.  However, the bad customer service and the lack of effective management turned our experience sour.  The management had bad attitude.  If  the management had just apologized for their mistake, we would've stayed to eat, and be willing to wait.  The point here was not to get a table, but to acknowledge the problem and fix it for other customers that are in line.  It is not okay to treat customers this way.  He brushed us off in a condescending manner.. . You know Benjamin, you might get away with it because your standing behind Ramsay's name and he has good food, but the way the customers are treated makes the entire experience lacking.  Service = Incompetent.
Wasn't that impressed. Burger wasnt very tasty. Got the "Hells Kitchen" burger. On the far dry side considering I ordered it medium. Ketchup was disgusting. Tasted like "fancy ketchup" from Whataburger with spice mixed in. Worst Fail. Waitress only came by once to take drink/food order then disappeared until she came to tell us she was leaving and to introduce her replacement. Gordon Ramsey needs to try harder next time. Maybe he yelled a bit too much at these people and the food suffered for it.
Worst place to eat, they forget to bring your food and ask that you pay for the food you did not get.
I may be a foodie, but when it come to Ramsay, this is as far as I go.  I should clarify that this is how far down I'll go on my standards knowing how he really is with his food.  I've tried his beef wellington and even after years, I still know the texture and taste of that delicious goodness along with his sticky toffee pudding and ice cream that blows Ben & Jerry or Haagen Dazs out of the water at his other restaurant.  I was sure disappointed about this place.  My family and I each had something different: the soba noodle dish, burger, and chicken burger along with the toffee pudding push pop.  The soba noodle had nothing too special about it except for the chicken, the burger my brother had was bland, and the chicken burger the waitress so absolutely gloated about with interesting flavors, was a huge disappointment.  After that one bite of the chicken burger from her description, I was bummed and didn't even finish it.  The truffle fries was nothing too special either.  Honestly, I would have preferred McDonald's french fries over this!!!  I think the only thing I actually enjoyed was the sauce they normally have on their wings, but for my fries.  You know the restaurant is bad when you like the sauce of all things they have to offer.  . . This place didn't justify the 45 minutes wait along with mediocre service.  I think I was the only person wanting to watch hockey in that place since my visit was during the Stanley Cups (just shows how disinterested I was in the food) and of all the TV screens on, they couldn't do it.  The manager exclaimed, "Who watches hockey out here?" and proceeds to make a joke about the Cubs.  Hmmm, lets just say that burning flame display in the front was a great indication of my mood for me that night.  This is another concept of Food Network chef's I'll scratch out from ever coming in along with Border Grill at Mandalay Bay.   . . Bottom line: Save your money and your time from this place and invest it for his more upscale restaurants.
I must admit I came with high expectations, but I should if I am paying $16 for a hamburger, just a burger no fries, no sides.  I had the truffle parmesan (garlic)  fries, which had little flavor considering the bold ingredients melded with the fries. . . The farm burger sounded amazing, but the flavors never developed. The pub was cold and dry, the duck breast bacon was great, but when it was on the burger the flavor was lost. . . The service was bad as well. I sat at the bar, and the guy helping me was more concerned about picking up on a female bar tender than helping any of the customers. He was also really rude to the guy sitting next to me because the guy did not speak good English and was having trouble ordering. I love Gordon Ramsay's other establishments, but this one is totally not worth a visit. . . If you ever come to LA and want to have an amazing burger, try the Dog Haus' Little Mule and you will find true heaven. Burgr is closer to a meal from hell...
COMPLAINT: I get it that this place is ALWAYS packed, after all it is Gordon Ramsey's place. There is a queue for parties of 2, and the wait seemed about15-20 min. We were a party of 3 and had to put  our name in for a 45 min wait. When they paged us, we were pointed to a small bar table. I asked for a real table in the dining area and was told I would have to wait another 90 minutes. As we sat at the really small table I saw 2 booths in the dining room available within 5 minutes. WTF? We crammed 3 drinks, 3 burgers and an order of fries on our tiny table. It made for a real hard time to eat without knocking anything over.I WOULD HAVE SPENT MORE MONEY on extra drinks, appetizers, salads, and dessert, but it wouldn't fit on the table. Food is awesome! Server was awesome! Hostess FAIL. I gave 1 star in hopes to get management or Ramsey's attention!
This place blows. The food is mediocre at best when it doesn't arrive burnt or improperly cooked. 11 dollar french fries? Fuck that. Rude burger-body blonde bitch at the front has a shitty attitude. No pictures of the food anywhere, just Ramsey's ugly face on everything. This is simply a poor imitation of eureka burger in Claremont California. Ramsey is a dirty wanker and a no talent hack. Save yourself 30 dollars and go to in and out.
Seemingly popular with the 20-somethings with long lines in the evening, we stopped in BurGR for a late lunch and it seems GR is living on his celebrity, not his cooking or service.  It took 35 minutes to get two burgers and an order of sweet potato fries to the table - cold.  The burgers were absolutely nothing special - except very expensive.  The ground beef was fresh but had sat out long enough not to be even luke-warm. Fries were stone cold.  Something I love: $9 for an order of cold fries.  Service was stretched.  Absolutely nothing special about the burgers or BurGR.  Easier to walk a block down the street to get a hot Quarter-Pounder at McDonald's.  You won't get quite the amount of beef but it will be hot and less than an third the price.  You won't be paying for the fancy curved flame wall at the entrance.  While BurGR is less expensive than other casino eateries, it is still in the category of taking your money for little in return.  Try a Big Mac - you and your pocketbook will be happier.  Don't use the excuse "it's Vegas, Baby."   Ramsay is there to take your money.  I think I'm older and more experienced at decent dining than many of the reviewers for this place.  Note the reviews that say they are fans of Ramsay - doesn't have a thing to do with the food actually served - and I assure you - Ramsay didn't cook these things.
Didn't even get a chance to taste the food.  Horrible service and waited for 30 minutes to have them screw up the order.  Nobody ever came and let us know how long the food was going to take or check on us.  Would not wait anymore and when I talked with the "Manager" he didn't listen.  Attitudes from all the employees were bad and I wish Gordon Ramsay was there so I could fire him!
Seriously? My burger tasted like a frozen pre formed patty from Costco and the "brioche" bun was mealy. The fries were an even bigger disappointment. The ends of them had rotten spots on them and I could not even remotely taste any truffle flavor. All of this can be yours for $30 per person! It makes me want to go to my local burger place where I spend $8 for total deliciousness and real truffle fries and give them a $22 tip for doing it right.
It took over 30 minutes to be served a mediocre Farm Burger. Very disappointed I service and food quality. Had a better burger on the strip in some dive. !
This place was quite disappointing! The check-in process was quite smooth, but after that, everything went straight down. We were greeted by a cheery maitre d and manager, who took our name, party size, and phone number. Once our table was ready, they texted us, which was convenient. However, that's where the pleasantries ended. Our waitress was extremely rude and jumpy, she seemed only interested in having us order tons of food off the menu and kept pushing items. It turns out a family member of the waitress was sitting behind us, so our waitress was preoccupied tending to her. She barely checked on us and even forgot to bring a drink. The food was also pretty bland. Being a party of 6 we ordered a variety of entrees. The burgers weren't flavorful, fries over cooked, and the veggie burger was just a few pieces of unseasoned portobello mushrooms. At the end of service, we were asked to complete a survey, I hope someone reads my comments.
Gordon I love you, I really do. But this place was awful! Let's start with the server. She was extremely rude, didn't explain anything when we asked and when I ordered something she snapped that it would not be enough food. So rude. That was about the last time we saw her all night because her twin sister was dining there and pretty much every second she was at that table talking to her instead of serving anyone. I am not exaggerating, she didn't come back to actually talk to us until giving us the bill. The only saving grace was the awesome bus girl who was very sweet and attentive. . The food.I was expecting so much for the price and because it's Gordon's place! . The chicken sliders: soooo dry! Really tough meat (which is odd for chicken) and zero flavor) . The french fries: way overcooked, cold and chewy . The classic burger: nothing special at all . . . To say I was disappointed was an understatement. . Maybe I need to hang out with my waitresses twin sister to actually get any service.
I've visited during my last two trips to Vegas. . - On July 3 2013 the experience was so-so but I attributed the stomachache to the fact that I had been drinking at the pool that day. . - On December 19 2013 I went back, because I did remember the bartenders and bar scene being quite fun. This time around I got a stomachache again and it is definitely the poor food!. . Problems: . - The American Burger is served with PROCESSED CHEESE like from a Kraft package! Disgusting! . - The Jalapeno Poppers are served with a sauce that was so heavy, it was really a downer. . - The plates are scratched and in poor condition. Like a Denny's from the MidWest. . . If Gordon Ramsey were to eat here and the logos were changed, he'd SLAM this place and send it straight to the depths of hell's kitchen.
