Very loud, crowded and quite unpleasant. I felt very cramped and the environment was very uncomfortable.
Hipsters, Hipsters, Hipsters everywhere and not a drop of decent coffee.. . The coffee was mediocre at best. One of the worst iced carmel/vanilla lattes I've ever had. It was in a 16oz cup that costed more then a venti at Starbucks. Was this because of superior quality? Hardly. Hipsters can't make decent cup of joe. Its too mainstream for them. I was in the area, and remember seeing it, so I wanted to give it a try.. . The atmoshpere was crowded and cluttered. Overall just messy. I feel like I walked into a sweat shop. OH did I mention hipsters? The pastries looked good. But i'd never purchese anything from greasy hipsters without it being FDA approved. And these bitches were making cupcakes in plain view.. . If I ever were to come back, it would be to simply take pictures of all the patrons and post them at LATFH.com
My fiance and I have been loyal Lux customers for sometime now. While out shooting some engagement footage for our upcoming wedding we decided to stop in get some coffee and maybe a clip or two of us in Lux since it has been one our fave date places in the past. Upon sitting down the owner abruptly came over to our table in a very rude fashion and informed us that this was His property. Very sarcastically asked our videographer if he was professional. And basically gave us the boot.  We would have totally been willing to put the camera away if he had been even slightly courteous. There coffee quality pails in comparison to cartel but in the past we thought it was a chill atmosphere. Needless to say we will no longer be fans of Lux. Viva Cartel!
bad service, the bar tenders are assoles here.they think they are better than the costumers , , they are rude and don't care about you only for tips.  i should never leave San Francisco, this is Phoenix not L.A. . i seen better places.
I can overcome the hipster sneer and accept that I am an uncool blemish in a world full of cut-off corduroys and patterned leggings. What I cannot and will not get over is an unapologetic staff whose epic error led to me breaking 5 years of meatless eating because of an order mishap.. . I ordered the red pepper tomato quiche. After 20 minutes waiting for the quiche to warm in what appeared to be a 200 degree oven, I double checked to make sure my name was on the plate at the counter. When I dug in for the first bite, a wave of nausea and panic washed over my after realizing this was a piece of the bacon spinach quiche. I returned to the counter and explained that I had ordered the vegetarian quiche, and the chic who took my order asked the chic behind the counter which one she served, because she was sure she got it right. The chic in the kitchen said she put them out in the order she got them. Then they spent some time looking around in confusion and murmuring a bit,  meanwhile all the quiche had been sold. So the counter chic simply turned to me and send, "well we don't have anymore of that one.". . Thanks. I told her I was more upset about the fact that I had just put bacon in my mouth after 5 years of no meat than there being no more quiche. She did give me my money back, but no one apologized or offered me any recompense. I'm over you being cooler than me, but I'm not over you having no soul.
Just read my tip, and realize the only reason to bring someone here is so they can see what happens when you have a great concept and NO IDEA how to execute properly.
This place is very cool, but they are armatures! They do NOT know how to make a real cappuccino. It is complete false advertising because the present latte art only on a Latte, which is not how you make a cappuccino. They need to goto Italy and learn what to do. I hate coffee place that cater to the ignorance of America. This place has great potential and is hip, but they need to kick it up a notch. Learn the coffee biz, don't do it half Ass!!
My friend and I woke up this morning craving croissants and she suggested I stop by the Lux to and buy three. . . I stood in line and looked over the baked goods but did not see any croissants. As I waited, I watched a young, skinny, hipster wearing a trucker hat taking a middle-aged woman's drink order. His eyes rolled several times as he scribbled on the paper cup. As he set it on the back counter for the barista he turned around and faced me. It was my turn to order. .  . I went to college in Portland, Oregon and live near Hawthorne and 39th where hipsters run the streets like rats in a Mumbai sewage ditch. All the cliches, the tights jeans, smoking Lucky strikes, bicycling everywhere. The predictable clothes and messy hair? Fine. What I can not handle and the reason I am sitting here writing this review (with croissant crumbs all over my shirt) is the attitude.  I know hipsters and the games the play. . . I asked the guy if they had croissants and he looked quizzically at me. After a pause he told me that they did have them earlier in the morning. Another pause and he told me he would check to see if there were more. . . He then stood there staring at me for maybe 8 seconds. I decided to play the game and stared back. We were locked in eye contact for maybe 8 seconds. He then sneered and found the croissants. . . He was very questioning of taking them to-go and seem very confused and disgusted while putting them in the to-go box. . . The young woman at the cash register never made eye contact and, like the croissant guy, looked befuddled and annoyed by my standing at the counter and ordering croissants. Swiping my card was a a chore for her and handing it back to looked arduous for her. . . As I drove home I felt judged, deflated, and angry. The only thing that made me feel better was the croissant. I warmed it up in the oven and covered it in butter. . . Good croissants. A-hole staff.
Great coffee, great place / space. . But unless you walk in with black horn rims, laceless chuck taylors, and a plaid shirt with a macbook pro in hand, you'll get eye judged from everyone... Including the staff. . . If you visit this place casually, and not exclusively to the point the staff doesn't know you, they act annoyed that you are wasting their time. So what if i like a little sweetener and cream in my iced coffee, I don't need to be eye judged by a twenty-something making $9/hour.. . However, I'll just say, it's still my favorite coffee house in Phoenix Metro....just wish they were more accepting of non post-hipsters.
yes this place has good coffe, but what a bunch of rude pompas asses. I am just saying I am az born and raised from a hardworking family and back round . When I come into an establishment the last thing I need is for some trust fund hipster know it all to twitch his (or her) handle bar mustache at me with an equally annoying hipster stank eye, when I order my (in their opinion ) shitty cup of coffee. Sorry if i did not hash tag an over price thrift store shirt on my twitter , or ordermy special decoder ring from some homeless want to be spoiled brat to get the latest cool memo from the wonderful lux asshole cafe . But here is just a few tips that might get you a few stars . . 1. after you argue with me over an extra shot not being a good idea in your wonderful cup of coffee, dont include yourself in my conversation when I finally get to enjoy it .. Just to  correct me on a subject in a condescending tone that I am actually quite knowledgable about due to heritage and experience .. . 2. dont give me shit looks and long sighs when I come to the counter .. . . 3.dont correct my opinion of coffee I actually have taken barista courses so maybe you can dip into your hedge fund and go to a couple yourself before you blabber your opinions all over my good day.. . 4. dont smack your lips and tell the person behind you in a shit sniffing tone mocking my order. . . 5. believe it or not before you found your dream job as a barista and wasted all your parents money on a art degree, remember I have worked my ass off to just enjoy one simple cup of coffee with an extra shot , in a fun decorated establishment with a shitty leaf scribble across the foam. So if you gave two shits about the extra dollars I would so eagerly throw into your tip jar, shut the fuck up smile and just say yes would you like anything else? and talk shit about me at the end of your shift like the rest of us.
I have been here a handful of times and have yet to recieve great service or any standard of service for that matter. I have no complaints about the coffee or food. The atmosphere is loud and busy but again, no problem with that either. What really bothers me is how rude the staff is. Maybe they don't realize their customers are paying their bills and funding their livelihood. Whatever it is it embarrasses me that the owner allows staff to treat guests as a problem and annoyance. Truly disappointed that my neighborhood coffee shop deters business for their lack of care for customers or service.
