Food poisoning enough said.  Had to leave our show "O" early because of this food poisoning.  The maitre de was rude, cold and snobbish not even bothering to take our names when we arrived.  Service was wonderful as well as the chocolate souffle, but neither make up for being sick for the next 24 hours
Insanely overpriced for the size and quality of food.  For example a heirloom tomato salad is $18 and is half the size of places that charge $8 - 12.  Lobster and steak are almost $70 and you get half the size other places serve for less cost.  Quality was only average at best.  I recommend Alize at the Palms for a far superior view, service, atmosphere and value!. Wayne Gorsek
Never wrote review for the restaurants and thought would never had to do it, but my experience was so bad at this restaurant that i took few min from my busy schedule just to write how horrible this restaurant is.. Called early in the morning to make reservation for 8.30pm. And mentioned to them that i would like to have a window table to see the fountains. i was asked if i celebrated any occasion. Thank god i did not because the experience was ruined! we arrived 20 min earlier just to give them some time. when we walked in was very crowded and no place to stand.  At 8.45pm we were approached by the hostess that took us to the very last table in the corner that oversees Paris hotel valet, you cannot even see the strip,  and i requested a window table by the bellagio fountains i told them this numerous time, on the phone and when we arrived, I was totally ignored! They make me so mad by their attitude that i told them i am local i can come back here anytime, i did not come here just to taste their food i came here for full experience. The hostess advised me that we will have to wait for a requested table a little bid more. Few min later she comes back and bring a blazer for my husband saying that you cannot wear  sweater you must wear suit and a collar shirt, REALLY? why did not you mentioned this on the phone about the dress code, and why other guys where dressed differently and they were not given the blazer? and common  its not a five star restaurant!!!! after such a rude approach, we lost appetite, i told them that i would like to leave all of a sudden at 9.15 they found a table for us, one hour after we came there, now what is the point of taking a reservation? I took a deep breath i did  not want to be scandalous never done this before but my patience was at zero. . after we made an order, the waiter was very pleasant, but his assistant was terrible, i asked for bottle of sparkling water, after we had a half full glass of water, he comes back and with out asking pours TAP WATER into our glasses!!!! seriously??????. after we told him we were drinking a bottle of sparkling water, he said no problem i will bring you another one, at the end they charge us for 2 bottle of waters!. THE ICING ON THE CAKE WAS AT THE END! When i orders raspberry napoleon, and what did i pulled out from my mouth after taking a bide? yes! HAIR!!!!!!!!!. i think enough said.
We came to celebrate my father's birthday and I seriously do not understand how anyone could give this place more than a couple of stars if they've EVER had good food in their life.  The place is gimmicky, extremely loud, and for a restaurant that boasts sophistication/romance/fanciness as their schtick, they sure do seem like an expensive version of TGI Friday's. At over 120 dollars per person, I've had much much better quality food and better experience at much less expensive restaurants.  The quality of the beef (we ordered filet) was laughable. Both people who ordered the filet had to send it back because it was not cooked properly (both were ordered medium, and one came out well done, the other one rare).  Someone else got food poisoning from the salmon dish.  The only good dish were the lamb chops (cooked properly and had good taste).  Usually restaurants that have family style sides will give you a reasonable portion. Not here.  Each side dish will feed 2 people,  maybe.  The steaks and fish are served without any garnish.  We ordered a celebration cake for my father, and the cake was atrocious. Nobody even ate it.  We were taking a photo with my dad and some waiter came and crouched next to him to get in the photo. Really?? At a "5 star" restaurant?? All in all it was a waste of money and calories.  With so many actually good options in Vegas, please do not eat here.  It took 3 hours to leave the restaurant! The service was painfully slow, meals were cooked improperly and we got one case of food poisoning.  One of the worst meal experiences of my life.  The view of the strip is not worth that kind of pain.
Absolutely the Worst! Where should I begin, how about being sick with intestinal disorder tithe entire next day! Or maybe ordering the Venison Medium and having it come out blood red and cold.  Or making reservations three weeks in advance and getting seated facing away from the "Strip" overlooking the parking deck in a converted  room  designed for storage but used for dinning.  I was told that they had 700 reservations for the night. My wife had the Lamb, with a side of undercooked Cold tomato ratatouille. We think this is what got us sick. If you want to have a $100 per person dinner, have terrible underprepared food and be put in perhaps the worst seat in a restaurant that promotes it's view and be sick the next day then call the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, they will be happy to accomadate.
I took my girl friend to this restaurant for dinner.  I actually ate there, have a receipt to prove it.   Service was very good, all the staff was friendly.  We ordered, menu looked great, all the foods I would expect from a French restaurant.  . . When the dishes came we found them to be very very very small in portion.  Price was not small however.  The dishes were not French, they are some kind of wierd fusion.  As we tried to enjoy our dinner we found the quality of food and preparation to be minimal.   Eiffel also markets itself as having high dress standards, this is laughable.  Seems to be more a marketing gimmick. . . My conclusion, for 1/4 of the price (that's a $125 discount for two) you can get more, and better, elsewhere.
Me and my husband are going to stay at Paris Hotel for our Anniversary in May so why not have dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant?! Bad idea! I called the reservation's number and asked for a window table since it was going to be a special date. We would not be flying all the way from NC to have a special night in Las Vegas if it was not a really special date for us and we would like to have a perfect night! Anyway, the girl that answered the phone was very rude and was in a hurry to end the call. She said: We cannot choose the table. You will have to talk to the Maitre when you arrive at the restaurant. And I replied: But if there is not window table when we arrive? It's a special date and we would like to make sure we would get a window table. Then, she said she was only responsible to make the reservation and not for which table we were going to sit and tried to hang up the phone. So I canceled the reservation and sent the restaurant an e-mail requesting a table view and explaining that it was our Anniversary and that I have called the restaurant before but only got a rude person on the phone. I was hoping to finally get someone nice since I had very high expectations for this restaurant but it was not the case. They sent me a rude e-mail with no apologize and confirming that they could not reserve the window table! We decided, then, to choose another restaurant where we are going to be able to have a staff that are more sensitive to our needs. It is unbelievable and stupid that a fine restaurant like Eiffel Tower would act like that. After all no one is gonna pay a $300 bill to be treated like crap! Specially in a special date like an Anniversary when the least thing you are caring is how much the bill is gonna be! So, shame on them! We are going to spend our money somewhere else!
Never again!  Except maybe for a cocktail.  While the views are fantastic, the service and the kitchen does not measure up to high-end Las Vegas standards.  The menu is truly pedestrian with no imagination whatsoever.  Prices are targeted for lame high-rollers and we pity the poor punters that take their significant others there for a once-in-a-lifetime celebratory occasions.. . My wife & I joined her clients in from out of town with another couple for a birthday dinner.  We opted for wine-by-the-glass, but the list was MBA/CPA optimized for maximum gouging.   The menu was strangely limited, although each category - beef, fish and non-beef - about 6 selections each, was hardly stimulating.  New York Strip, rib eye, rabbit, halibut.  Yawn.  Started off with a vichyssoise that tasted like it came from a can.  The taste of the French bread was terrible!  Local Vietnamese sandwich shops offer fresh French bread with better texture & taste.  Then we waited - for an hour before the mains were served.  The average entre price is $50.  Salads are $12.  With so many fabulous restaurants in greater Las Vegas, we're loath to return.  All the view in the world didn't make the dinner experience any better.. . Semi-retired food snob.  He doth protest too much.
Don't be fooled by the look of this place. We had better food and service at random local diner along the way of our drive from Texas. . . The food was bad, especially the lamb burger that I ordered for lunch . The meat was too salty. The taste of lamb was non-existent. I would prefer to spend $16 for a fast-food McDonald's burger than eating that lamb burger again.. . My wife ordered a BLT burger with salad on the side. Now why would you name it "burger" without any meat? The meatiest thing I could see was the "prepackaged" bacon which barely have any taste except, again, salt. And the salad... there were still dirt or spoiled leaves left. Totally unappealing. My wife lost her appetite after a single bite. We sat there waited and waited for over half an hour (not touching the food) for the waiter to show up (yeah right about good service) and guess who showed up!? The buzzer! Yup. And his job was just to clean up and fill up drinks. We then pointed at the spoiled salad and asked for the server. Yet no server came. Come to think of it, no one came to ask how we were doing with our meal the whole time we were eating there. . . So, after the buzzer cleaned up the table, guess what, they dared to bring out the bill... without even asking if we wanted desert. Wow, my wife and I sat there in disbelief for a while. THEN the waiter appeared with 4 pieces of candies. Complimentary? Was that our desert? We would prefer a simple apology (which we never receive).. . Terrible place to eat. Period.. Just come for the view.. . Pro tip: You can get the "better" view if you pay for the Eiffel Tower elevator ride, and a better meal if you bring along a to-go McDonald, and it definitely costs less than wasting time eating in this "restaurant."
Please DON'T GO HERE,,, prices are way too high for mediocre food & probably the worst customer service ever!!! They will ruin your night , spend your money somewhere where they will appreciate you!  I never have time to write reviews but I had to warn others about this horrible place :/. . I've been too many restaurants in my day ,, and I never seen staff that could care less about their customers ,,, since they are a busy restaurant they don't care if you don't like the service because they can just replace you with someone else who will take your table reservation ,,,I believe a lot of people were lured to this restaurant because their "view" but  truth is their view is not great at all , their service is insulting , the food is mediocre , and the atmosphere is nothing special. Fine dinning is priceless but when the place is actually worth it .Spent over $200 at this restaurant , and I have never been so ripped off in my life.  Seriously , spend your money at a more famous restaurant in Vegas ,, now I realize that if celebrities don't frequent a restaurant , it's obvious because the restaurant sucks ! Just how this one did :(
This review is for the Valentine's dinner experience that me and my gf had.. . 1. we got to the restaurant on time at 7pm, and the Maitre d' routed us to the bar to wait for our (empty) table so that we could spend money on drinks first. 2 mimosas, with pulp, were $36 due to $14 per mimosa price tag and 18% gratuity already included.. . 2. At $189.99 per person I thought we'd get seated next to a window, but instead we got packed into the middle of the restaurant.. . 3. the 5 course meal was extremely limited. Only fish or beef (not even steak) were the main course.. . 4. the food felt too fancy and there was no substance to it. The first course was three 1/2 inch items on one plate, mushroom, some stuffed cracker, and something else. . The remainder of the 5 course meal was: a small salad, then 2 shrimp and shredded pear(?), and then the small beef steak, not even rib-eye, or New York, and then a piece of cake with one scoop of ice cream.. . The total bill was close to $500, for 2 people. Of course 18% gratuity already included.. . The best part of the whole evening was the bread, it was really good. The french bread and the multi grain bread. But I wouldn't come here just for the bread.. . It was really a let down to come here. Especially for the price, this was really a shit show, and I would not come here again or recommend anyone to come here again.
Very good service and very good views but when I was eating there roaches in the wall the employes new what we were looking at so they gave us free desert and appetizers but they didn't mention the roaches who knows if there was insects in my food
I am really disappointed by my experience here last night.  I had my wedding reception here a few years ago and always recommend it to everyone for their "flawless performance."  The night started out bad when we were told that we had to check our nice bottle of (Napa Cab) wine, despite the fact that it does not say it on their web site visibly and when we searched for it on other sites they said it was allowed.  The wine we ended up ordering was nowhere near the quality of the wine we brought.  None of the hosts were very friendly or warm, but I'm assuming that is part of the ambiance.  There was a huge burn mark from a plate on our table.  I asked for the sauce for my steak on the side and it came out covered.  The restaurant is disconnected from the hotel so if you're hoping to add points to any reward card, think again.  The site does say that a jacket is encouraged but clearly not enforced since I saw torn up jeans.  The final end to our evening was the elevator hostess looking like she wanted to hit someone.  When I tried to cheer her up she only scowled at me.  Maybe she was feeling the Parisian vibe as well.  Overall, it was an incredibly expensive evening that was far from the perfect experience I'm used to here.  Sadly, I won't be coming back or recommending it in the future as I had done. . . To be balanced, the bus boys were wonderful and the quality of the Filet Mignon was quite high.  However, I feel you can get that in other areas on the strip.
Sent my sister and her husband there for his retirement.  The view was lovely but she had to send her caesar salad back because there was a large anchovy in her first bite.  Then her Pinot Salmon was fishy because it was over cooked.  Her husband's steak was under cook and had to be remade.  Once he got his food back it was perfect.  I am really sorry I choose this restaurant since it is something they will always remember.  To add insult to us they still charged me $55 for both the salad and salmon which my sister did not even eat.
Had an anniversary dinner planned and made reservations 3 weeks in advance to get a window seat. I got a call the night before my reservation saying it was cancelled. The lady on the phone said the restaurant was closed. She didn't even offer an apology or any real alternative (She said I could come in for lunch or brunch). She acted like I was the one cancelling the reservation. Horrible customer service and will never go here. Obviously they are only looking to make money and do not care about their customers.
My party was extremely disappointed and upset about our experience at dinner. . . We made reservations days before at 7:30, noted that it was my fathers birthday & arrived on time. Before we ordered we told the server in advance that we had a 9pm show. The server said that was fine and it wouldn't take that long. We put our orders in and talked amongst ourselves and snapped pictures while we waited. After waiting 1 hour and 20 mins my party and I were getting nervous about being late for our show. During this wait time we did not even get checked up on!. .  My boyfriend finally got up and tried to cancel our order with the host, but she told him that she couldn't do that and we had to wait while she paged our waiter. So we waited another 10 mins. Our waiter never showed and a manager came over to charge us and say the beef Wellington took a long time to cook (waiter told us he had it in the oven with 5 others and was coming our fast) tsk tsk. By that point we didn't even want to argue and just wanted to catch our show. Everyone in our party then left and said they would meet us down by the casino.. . Then a waiters comes with 1 out of the five entrees I'm guessing in hopes to keep us, but I told him we already canceled our order and he didn't care and went away. Seriously can't you see we have an empty table (bf and I stayed back to pay for drinks) and that we are not at all happy, and again how is one entree out of five suppose to be ok??. . While leaving we noticed a few other couples tables canceling their orders and leaving also. We thought this was so weird because they had a lot of tables empty... But whatever. We were looking forward to this dinner for weeks and it is so disappointing that it ended this way especially since we went out of the way and told them that we had a show and asked if the dishes we ordered were ok with our time frame. . . So sad I won't ever be returning, but this horrible service was the worst!
Monday night. Service overall was 1 star. The host at the elevator was friendly. The rest of the staff was neutral to unfriendly, specially the receptionist. Water service and bread service came once, Bread was not stale but cold, (four varieties though). Waiter came twice. Appetizer came promptly but food took 50 minutes. Fish looked slightly over done. The overall experience costing well over $250 was by far bellow par.
We had to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated when seats seemed plentiful we were provided  an excellent table though. Server strongly suggested we have a BLT or hamburger which we were not interested in and ordered steaks as we wished along with a Cadillac margarita but received a standard version. Now the real issue was two- fold the server obviously lost track of our order as our plates were cleared after our salad and table crumbed and then a host/manager came over and asked how was everything and we let him know we had not even eaten yet as it seems our table was mixed up with the one next to us, perhaps? Waiter never came by and checked on us and offered no apology when we informed him we never received our lunch as he also was asking if we wanted dessert as well. We finally received our meals and although ordered medium rare for both we both received raw, very raw and pretty poor quality steaks. I sent mine back but my wife was going to deal with hers until she  decided she could no  longer so she just left it. Got a re-fire,again with no apology. I do not like to complain but I felt I had to look for a manager and after seeking one out because our waiter was missing of course we in the end did receive a visit from Sharon  who was very helpful and understanding and we were able to show her the raw steak which she agreed was raw. Sharon was outstanding and apologetic and took care of the check as well as offering up dessert (Creme Brulee which was excellent) She did ask that we go through her for a reservation next time we are in town and she assured good results. With that said after this experience and the quality of the steak I just can't see going here for dinner and expecting high quality food or service so we will most likely pass. This was an extremely dissatisfying experience and surely the most disappointing one in a high end type place. The lunch took about an hour and 40 minutes filled with errors. 20th anniversary lunch what a mess.
Called to make a reservation, was put on hold for 5 mins then the woman who picked up asked me what time I was looking for, was rude and spoke over me when I was asking for a reservation for a certain time then told me to hold again. That pretty much ruined my experience.
If there would be  - 5 rating allowed, that what Eiffel Tower would get from me!!    . I attempted to celebrate my b-day there with my family this August.. I did not wanted to go there, since we had a not so great experience in Eiffel Tower a couple of years ago, but my husband insisted that we give this restaurant another chance. Well.. The whole dinner was nothing but a huge disappointment! Food mediocre at best, service none existent. By the end of the diner I just started to cry ( I was so much hopping for special b-day). Next time we will go to Andre's (excellent real French restaurant,) or Joe Robuchon
My husband and I went to Vegas for his 30th birthday and decided to treat ourselves to a fancy dinner. What better place for that than the Eiffel Tower? We made a reservation around sunset thinking it would be extra romantic. We got there on time (5:15pm) and were seated shortly thereafter. Our server was nice but not super friendly but the hostess was very rude and, for a lack of better words, snobby. We were given a window seat which we were happy with but the tables are small and extremely close together so your elbows bump with your neighbor when using utensils which is silly considering that we are both fairly small people. We both ordered a steak; I the New York and my husband the filet, both $59 a piece. I ordered mine medium which arrived VERY well done and my husband ordered his medium-rare which came out medium-well. Only one side of each steak was seasoned and both contained far too much fat for the cuts. The entrees do not include any sides so we shared an order of potatoes Gratin which had no flavor and the consistency if mayonnaise. There was zero opportunity to express our disappointment with our meal since our waiter seemed to disappear after the food was delivered to the table. All in all, the meal wasn't terrible but it was far from what I would have expected from one of the nicest restaurants in the area.
My wife and I decided to treat our selfs after winning at the tables. I have to say this was no treat. This place is morbidly overpriced, The food is average at best. Service was pretentious at times and comical at other time. There are restaurants that I have been to that were expansive, how ever those have warrented the price tag. This place was a joke. The only reason I am giving an extra star is because we both had a good lough. I just remembered it was not a lough it was a lough upside down. I am reading all these great reviews of this glorified haute cuisine wanna be, and I am puzzled. Sooooo many places in Vegas that truly serve fantastic food with great service. This one is not it.
Went here with four other people on a Saturday night. First off, the service was terrible. The lady serving us seemed like she didn't even want to be there and was extremely rude when one of my friends asked about an item on the menu. The bread was served cold. For a little starter they served us cauliflower mousse. I can't even begin to explain how rancid this smelled. It tasted even worse. It tasted extremely metallic and as one of my friends described, it tasted "like an old sweat sock". I decided to order the chicken with vegetables and a parsnip puree and the green beans as an "accompaniment" (really pretentious way of saying a side). When the food came it was severely undercooked. Even though the plating was nice, the chicken was bright pink. The green beans were okay but had a really sour after taste. After we all finished eating and the $500 bill was paid off (we didn't order any drinks if you're wondering) we went back to our hotel. I started feeling really bad after eating here and so did two other people I went with. One of them starting throwing up and the other one got the runs while I was in bed with a bad stomachache. We ended up staying in the rest of the night, ordering Chinese delivery to the hotel room, and swearing off this place forever!
Terrible management staff, horrible food many other places you can get a better steak like at the homestead at Caesars, $75 corkage fee outrageous! Save your money go elsewhere. I would not recommend to anyone
This has to be the worst overpriced restaurant on the strip. The service is horrible the food is okay; nothing impressive. The restaurant stinks I believe is overdue for a remodeling. When you first come in you are welcomed by the kitchen. I can't believe this is the best setup they could come up with
