Really?  Are you kidding?  The kudos needs to go the marketing team and the ad agency who branded this hotel so successfully.  It's all flash and very little substance.  It's like whatever was on sale at some discount hotel supply store was thrown together into a very crowded hodge-podge of "design" and "art."  Brand it as edgy and "wrong," and you've got an identity that needs to deliver.. . Just touch the 3 story chandelier and you'll quickly realize it's all cheap plastic.  That says it all.  If you're looking for an edgier version of The Palms, you'll enjoy the show.. . John
If you are a 45 year old woman who knows what Sex And The City character you are, or still have princess pillow cases, you will love this place!   If you are a bachlorette party, hoping to run into other bachlorette parties, I can almost guaranty your success.  If you are not a bachlorette party or a self described cougar, go anywhere else.
I stayed in Cosmopolitan for the weekend to celebrate Valentines Day. It's not enough to say that my holiday was ruined by this hotel. The check in was 2 hours long (no exaggeration) than they gave us the keys to the room and after we finally got to 37th floor it appeared that there is A PARTY in the room that they gave us the keys to. We came back to the lobby and they gave us another room WHICH HAD NIGHTCLUB IN FRONT OF OUR WINDOWS!!! And they couldn't move us to another room because they were : "Oversold" so I couldn't sleep for 3 nights I was staying there... It was horrible, i thought I'm gonna go crazy cause the music from the club was so loud it seemed like the party was IN MY BED! HOW DID THEY DESIGN THE BUILDING? And room service was terrible too, they couldn't pick up the dishes even though i called 3 times for it! but the food was OK... SO I'M NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS HOTEL AND DON'T RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!
So very many things that went wrong in this hotel and we only stayed one night. The single star is purely for the reason that it is a very pretty hotel. We arrived right at check-in time which is 3:00. The man helping us at the front desk informs us that our room is not ready yet but he will call us when it is, with no indication of when that would be. An hour later we grew concerned since we did have a 5:00 dinner reservation at Comme Ca. Once were able to get ahold of someone that actually had some knowledge about our situation, they said our room was still not ready and they had no idea when it would be, but they could put us in a downgraded room right away. The room we had previously requested and paid for was a suite with a king size bed, pull-out sofa, and Japanese soaking tub. The room we ended up in had two double beds and was significantly smaller. My sister who has works in customer service, went downstairs to see if the hotel was willing to do anything for us since we did not get the room we originally paid for and the one hour wait time for our room. The front desk said they were only able give us back the $10 price difference between the rooms. We were welcome to wait for the manager but there were already 5 parties ahead of us waiting to speak with him. I wonder why? Luckily we were ableto push back our reservation so that we had more time to get ready for our dinner.. . The next thing that happened was very weird... We had requested an 8:00am wake-up call in order to request a late check-out, because that was they way we were told it had to be done. At 8:00am we received our wake-up call and asked for the late check out, which we were granted. 30mins later hotel staff and security were pounding on our hotel door, then proceeded to open our door and say that since we never answered our wake-up call they needed to make sure we were all right. What?!?!? . . Upon our late check-out at 1:00, my friend was asked how our stay was. She explained everything that had happened and the man on the other end was very sympathetic and told her that he would give us a $100 gift card to use at any of the restaurants in the hotel. The gift card would be waiting for her at the concierge. When she went down to the concierge they had no idea what she was talking about and they had to call the man that offered her the gift card. My friend was then asked for her i.d. and credit card. Assuming that they just needed a confirmation that she was staying in the hotel she gave it to them. After already using the "free" gift card for lunch, she discovered that they had actually charged her for it. After some very frustrating phone calls to customer service, where the man who had offered her the gift card in the first place was no where to be found, my friend will be getting her money refunded to her. Hopefully. . . Granted that this hotel has only been open two months, some mistakes are to be expected but this was a little out of control.
I have to give a hotel that tries to steal from me one star. There was no option for no star. . Every time you open the refrigerator (which is motion-activated) they charge you for using it. We checked out with $70 of charges on our bill. Yes, they took it off. But I asked the woman at the desk how many people they are charging who DON'T notice it. She had no answer, just said they were happy to remove charges.. But that is just the tip of the disorganization iceberg at the Cosmopolitan, which attempts to blind you with glitz so that you don't notice that staying there is really more like high-rise camping. . Everything in the room operates off the TV remote: the lights, the air conditioning/heat, hotel details, spa appointments. Our TV remote, however, was dead, as were four lights in the room (one in the water closet, which means toilet room for those who don't get out much. and we couldn't see a damn thing in there.) It took two days to get those things restored. TWO DAYS. Unacceptable. Of course if you can't turn the lights out without burrowing into TV screens (4 clicks deep) you're just going to let all the lights burn. . This is faux high-tech bull. What it really is is aggravating.  Hotels are supposed to be relaxaing. Not taxing.. Also, the maids don't seem to know what they're doing. Not enough towels, no replacement of soaps. Missing do-not-disturb sign. Can't get those things when you ask for them.. The place was taken over by its lender, Deutche Bank, and opened anyway. It shows.. One good thing: every room has a deck.. woo. hoo.
Grossly exaggerated positive reviews. I suspect the bulk of them were cleverly submitted by Cosmo's PR firm.  . . The rooms run entirely through the television set, from lighting to temperature, yet the remote batteries were spent. I replaced them with my own just to turn the heat down. It took two days to get staff to replace numerous burned out bulbs. We finally resorted to moving bulbs around so the loo wouldn't be in utter darkness. . . I give this hotel one star not for any of the above but for the audacity to charge our room $68.00 for the mini-bar, which we didn't use. Audacity for their flippant attitude about an accounting error they claim is common. We were told that just opening the fridge, which we used for our own goods, triggers a charge.  We think it's a sick and twisted profit center. Checking in was a pain and checking out even more difficult.
Bad experience at a conference show.  When I entered valet parking, I was greeted, but felt being pushed for tips, but it was a drop off.  I would tip them once I pick up the car.  I also ate at Bar & Shake restaurant sitting in the bar and ordered some Burgers and Fries.  A lady sat next to me ordered later, but recieved the order first.  20 minutes after the order, I still have not gotten the food and I asked my bartender if he could check on my order, but he rudely told me it will come soon rather than sorry or not being aware of timing.  Soon, the lady told him why I am not getting my food even I ordered before she did and she was almost finished with her meal.  I also asked him for side of spicy mustard, but never came, even the runner asked me if I needed anything, and I asked forthe same thing, but still forgot.  The bartneder never came to me and checked if everything was ok or not.  This was a total joke!  But the food was tasty and hot.. . At the confernece the design is too boutiquing, but very creative full of leather on the walls. Very nice.  Seat at the conference were comfortable, but few room were not comfortable with plastic seats.. . I have not yet experience the rooms, so and because of good reviews, I will still give another chance.
Never will stay again! Had the worst 3 nights in Vegas ever, nothing in the room worked and the staff couldnt have cared less. From the lights, tub, door, TV, phone, the maid service that didnt come,  NOTHING worked and it took at least 2 calls per issue to get something done! Beautiful place but it does not work and the staff couldnt give a shit! It even took 2 calls when I got home to get a manager who just did the "what can I do for you" bs like comp my room, I'm never going to stay there again!
The Cosmopolitan is the bane of my existence. This hotel RUINED our stay in Las Vegas over New Years. They have horrendous customer service!!!! When we went to Marquee (the club there) we checked our coats and had to wait in line for THREE HOURS to get our stuff back and they still couldn't find one of the coats! We then went back the next day to try to get it back and that took another three hours. The staff there is poorly trained if at all and no one has any idea where anything is. They didn't refund our coat check money nor did they do anything to reconcile all the time and cab money spent we wasted at this godforsaken hotel. The decor is maybe the only cool thing about this place. Walk through for ten minutes and that's should be the extent of your Cosmopolitan exposure. It's clear this hotel shouldn't have opened as early as it did because it was clearly not ready for business. NOT RECOMMENDED. I refuse to step foot in there ever again!
The bar Chandelier at Cosmopolitan is TERRIBLE. One of our friends, who was over 21, did not plan to drink, and so did not bring her ID to the bar. But the female server asked for an ID - which is of course fine. That's the law. She's required to do that.. . The problem was her attitude. That bitchy attitude of playing down the customers to feel better about herself. She basically KICKED OUT the whole group because of ONE person, who did not even order drinks.. . The funny thing is that she did not even ask for IDs to other people. Which is why I think my argument that her attitude is so disconcerting is totally valid.. . If she had asked us to leave in a more polite way, it would have been fine. She did not even come to take orders for more than 15 minutes.. . Besides, the signs in the whole hotel don't even indicate where the restrooms are. This is something really basic and I wonder how this hotel got early raves.. . This is a pretty new hotel and I would first get the staff educated before spending all the revenue on countless chandeliers. The fact that they don't even have a number for customer service on their website just shows how careless they are about their staff education and the feedback of their customers.. . There are much better hotels all throughout Las Vegas, for the same money. Some of them are even nice to customers who aren't even staying at their hotel. . . So please be wise and spend precious money and time somewhere else. You deserve it.
Don't gamble here.  It's like your a little kid at a carnival and all the games are rigged.
If it was possible to give a zero star I would if everyone save for one guy (more on him later) wasn't so nice at this hotel.. . Look The Cosmo is a beautiful, hip, fun hotel and I feel like in a year they could be a really great place to stay. The rooms are beautiful and big (we were "staying" in a one bedroom suite). The shops (ALL SAINTS!!!!), restaurants, and art is great/cool. They play fantastic music everywhere you are at. . . However, they really need to pull their shit together. We got there at 3 and stood in a line for 35-45 minutes to check in. (A little excessive for a sunday if you ask me, but whatever we are stoked for the cool hotel we are staying in.) Then we get up to the front desk, and a lovely girl let us know our room isn't ready. No big deal, we got a identity card, loaded our stuff back into the car, and headed for the pool. After checking out a few pools we decided on the quieter pool and proceeded to soak in the lovely weather. . . After an hour we started staring at the phone. Do we have service? *CHECKS PHONE* It's been a little long. (I've never waited longer than 30 mins for a room in vegas) Ok, let's order a drink. *CHECKS PHONE* YAY. A tasty drink later I started to get nervous. Ok, lets go to the hot tub.... *CHECKS PHONE*. . .... Well, TWO AND HALF HOURS LATER our room was ready. Which they were awfully lucky cause if after changing out of my suit after being sufficiently pruned we were going to leave and find another hotel. OVER FOUR HOURS TO WAIT FOR A ROOM IS A BIT EXCESSIVE, COSMO. . . So we get up to the concierge desk and the man behind that desk had obviously been dealing with pissed off, insane people all day. (well at least i hope so.) Cause he was a total jerk to us. Look I wasn't happy with the wait, but I also wasn't a raging lunatic about it either. We calmly expressed our unhappiness and there was NO APOLOGY, NO COMPS, NOTHING. We asked for a possible extended check out time so we could enjoy the room a little longer and there was nothing he could do about that. The worst part was this guys attitude, I kind of feel like since we weren't total jerks he could have changed his tune a little. But he didn't. Just tightened up his jerk tie a little more. . . So back down to the car and up to the room. YAY our room. Clean, fun, big, and very hip. . . Maybe we had our hopes up too high from friends who stayed here a few weeks back. They really raved about the place. But I think they got a much different experience than we did. . . In short: I don't think I'll be returning to The Cosmopolitan anytime soon. I feel like they need to grow up a bit and get their shit together. And hopefully by that time the dick at the concierge desk can get some manners. CUSTOMER SERVICE is a good thing. Any other hotel in vegas would have done something about the ridiculous wait.. . The Cosmo= D+ (+ for the pretty/nice people, D for the dick and room wait.)
in My opinion its a decent hotel but very bad customer service from casino host and players club services.. .  Don't stay here and gamble and expect any comps they lured me in with costly hotel rates and pretending your bill will be taken care of and after losing several thousand dollars there they still charged me full rate and when they told me I earned free comps they suddenly all disappeared. . . They will play games with your mind and When I complained and asked to speak to a manager this was the response via txt msg. .  "I will not be threatened by ANY guest. I am an a Executive of this Resort and made an Executive decision. Refrain from any further correspondence with me." -Chaz. .  Thanks buddy no one made any threat I just didn't feel I was getting the customer service I deserved wow what a response! Very nice customer service!!. .  I won't be staying there ever again and in my opinion their players club is a complete scam!!! I could have paid 10x over for my room bill with what was wagered but it's ok I like Aria and Mandalay much better.. .  Will go back there.  Marquee is the only reason to go to Cosmo but do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else their rooms are very small and so is the casino. They have a few billion to pay off in construction costs so I doubt they can afford to take care of their players for a long time to come!. . Good luck everyone..
I have major reservations about ever making reservations here again.  This is unfortunate, because I really want to like this hotel, as it is beautiful and has a lot going for it.  This hotel has an irresistable allure and charm, but no allure or charm could make up for the bad experiences that came with them.  Everything here was so varied, and overall so disturbing, that I would really need to hear that things have changed before ever considering staying here again.  . . The bad is so ridiculously bad that I have to mention it first.  The Marque day/night-club were both impossible to get into and yet impossible to avoid...  I was staying on the 40th floor of the East tower and I could hear and literally feel the music loud and clear from my room any time it was playing, with my door shut.  I understand that this is more of a party hotel, and I understand and like good loud music in this environment.  But the hotel ROOM needs to be a solace if I want it to be.  No exceptions at $350+/night.  The part making this truly unbearable is that the music started at 9:30 in the MORNING.  Apparently such is the norm there.  I wouldn't even mind if it went to 4am, but starting right back up again at 9:30 is just stupid.  Start with something ambient, or more low-key.  It's the morning, and I am flabbergasted that any DJ really believes that playing electro/trance at that volume in the morning is really the right thing to do, vegas or not.  The worst part is that looking over the balcony at that hour wondering what was happening, I was shocked to see that nobody but employees were even there.  It was all for ME..  I think that the hotel allowing this is stupid, trashy, and highly ignorant.. . On the other hand, as I mentioned, it was impossible (for me) to get into the actual club.  This was because I was wearing what appeared to be sneakers to a clueless bouncer who I would venture to say had more of a problem with my sexual orientation than a respect for the dress code.  My partner and I were at first literally 'shooed' (no pun intended) away by the man working at the guest entrance because he didn't feel like we belonged at this club.  This made me furious, because my shoes were $400 and definitely NOT sneakers.  And, by the way, other people getting in were wearing much grungier shoes than mine.  I was so angry that I had to leave the hotel before I made matters worse.  This kind of seemingly sexist (all girls got in) and rude treatment is NOT something I deserve after shelling out GOOD MONEY to stay here as a guest.  It is simply UNACCEPTABLE.  I have never been treated like this at any club anywhere.  . . These two things really disappointed me.  But furthermore, the overall organization of the hotel seemed amature, which many others on this site have reflected.  I could have overlooked small quirks in their new system, but my major issues kept me awake and aggravated for a large part of my stay.  . . Don't expect quick service, don't expect kind service, don't expect to get in the nightclub....  Don't expect anything here except to spend lots of money.  Though some people are quick, nice, and helpful, it was not consistent at all.. . Finally, a little good.  . . The blackjack dealers I played with were super wonderful people.  Truly a great pick, so kudos to them.  And the blackjack tables offered were fairly priced and had reasonable odds.  I can't comment on the other table games, but my partner NEVER won anything at the slots, whereas he did consistently in every other hotel.  We were highly suspicious of this, and not sure just how much this new hotel might have tilted the odds a bit higher in their favor than average.. . The room was nice, especially the soaking tub.  I wish all hotels had this deep soaking tub, and it was my favorite part of our entire stay.  The linens were TERRIBLE.  Not soft at all, and actually quite a bit itchier than any other hotel sheets I've slept in, including motels along the interstate.  There were stains on the couch, but that's probably because there have been big parties in the room; all that's needed for such a party is to open the door to the balcony and you'll be part of the nightclub.. . The 'mall' stores were a refreshing change from the Dior and Prada of every other hotel, and included stores that I might actually buy something from, being in my 20s and not a millionaire.  .  . The restaurant I ate at, China Poblano, was really good.  The nutella stuffed french toast was incredible.  I wanted to try more but after my experiences decided against it.. . I don't like giving this hotel only one star, nor do I want to, but I have to.  They need to get their act together.  They need to tell people they will need earplugs to sleep in the East Tower when facing the pool.  They need to single out and fire the bigots that don't know how to treat paying guests with respect.  The manager was 'understanding', but he didn't win me over.  Get to work, Cosmopolitan!
Never I mean never again. If u are trying in anyway to be romantic or go to bed before 5 am in the morning without earplugs. Plz listen to me!! If u are into the party all night and I'm mean all night that's cool. But the club was 25 stories below us and at 2 am we figured crash time. But no that club rocked on till 4am and u could still here people till 5 am. So if u are trying to getcaway to relax at all this place sucks.. And they do it again all day long and it was so loud the manager offered me earplugs. Just stupid. This ruined my vacation all night every night . Room was fair nothing at all to bag about. SUCKS
This hotel has a lot of great things going for it, but they need to hire up more cleaning staff, and the front desk people need far more training in how to check people into a room. If they fail to provide customers what they've paid for, they should try to make it up with a discount or a drink coupon or something just for good will's sake. Be clear, this is an expensive property, so I won't apologize for expecting to be checked in on time, or for the TV to work. Those aren't extras, that's what we paid for!. . Specific complaint 1: We checked in at 3:30pm, and our rooms were not ready. We were told that the wait could be as late as 7pm. Only due to constant calls from my increasingly unrelaxed wife were our rooms ready by 5pm. So, we were forced to wait 20 minutes standing around at the bell desk to drop off our luggage. Then we had to wander around exhausted, waiting for the phone call that would invite us to the rooms we'd already checked in and paid for. No drink coupons, no voucher, no discount, no nothing.. . Specific complaint 2: The television in our room didn't provide any access to movies. I had already read on Yelp that the problem with the TVs was that they had to be digitally "switched on" by the front desk during check-in to work. I tried to explain this to the front desk when I called, but instead they wasted our time and the technical staff's time bysending up tech support. who only confirmed what I already knew: the front desk needed to flip a switch to digitally connect our account to the TV. Of course, we couldn't step out while we waited for tech support people to arrive. And of course, we felt obliged to tip tech support, even though they simply confirmed what we already knew to be the problem.. . Also, the noise from the DJ kept us up until 4am, but that's not the hotel's fault. The Cosmo is aimed at a younger crowd, uninterested in sleeping until 4am, so that's really on me for not doing the research.. . The hotel restaurants were all excellent, and they've spent a ridiculous amount of money on the interiors, so everything inside is sleek and gleaming. If you came to party, and relive The Hangover, I think you'll have fun here. But if you came to relax, and check in before 5pm, and have your TV ready to work without calling downstairs, I think you can get better value at the premium LV hotels marketed to and managed by adults.. . Room Tip: Get a room in the tower opposite the club.
It's always nice to be the "HOT" "CHIC" new place on the block in the perfect location. This type of place will make money hand over fist until their real value comes out which is perfectly NILL. Customer Service and satisfaction are what makes money for a property in the long run after the newness has worn off. With many places to choose from you better have all your ducks in a row when you attempt to get passed the everyday guest and after my recent 4 hour experience at the Cosmopolitan, I assure you if this is the level of service provided to a potential large gambler, then they will be bankrupt and under a corporate umbrella sooner than later.. . Long time MGM Property guy Mandalay Bay / Bellagio being my two places I spend the majority of my gaming. 3-5 trips to Vegas per year with the bankroll of 5 to 10K for the tables. With that type of consistent play certain things are expected.  A confirmed room type made 3 months in advance witha Casino Host for VIP service should be handled well as VIP Service should be.  After explaining my situation to my new host I confirmed with copy via email for a Wrap Around Suite with an adjoining Connector room as I was bringing my two nephews with me and wanted to keep an eye on the 20 something crowd as it was their first visit to Vegas. Casino Rates for room established and a follow up with my host Riley O'Neil was completed 10 days prior to arrival with all things confirmed.. . Note about a month ago I also contacted the Host for Marquee Day Club regarding a VIP Cabana for the weekend see later in review for results.. . Arrived to VIP check in Memorial Day weekend Friday, and was told by Rico the VIP check in personal that not only did I not have a Wrap around suite confirmed but they had NO Connected room confirmed and only a standard King bed Terrace Suite for me. What was I supposed to do pile cots into the room? after 5 phone calls to Riley, by both myself and Rico who by the way DOES NOT HAVE the Casino Hosts Number? No answer from Riley. Rico stated please let us give you a room and in a few hours we can get this changed an authorized. Fair enough mistakes happen.  Off for lunch were we enjoy a horrible dining experience at the overlook restaurant.  Time is ticking now 2 hours have gone by and Riley finally calls me back. Explains don't know what happen but I'll get it corrected.  Another 90 minutes go by and we head back to VIP service where Rico has no authority to do anything, no supervisors are on premise, and Riley has not at this point even called VIP Services.   4 hours now and finally get the call from Riley and get this NOT ONLY do they not have my suite, but no additional room is available 110% sold out is the term used.  He doesn't know what to do, and here I am Holiday weekend, with no rooms. Truly the cluster phuck of all time.  He states let me work on it.. . I pick up the phone, call my host at the Mandalay Bay "Marciano", and within 5 minutes I'm being whisked to a Jr. suite for myself with a connector and my nephews. That's how it's done folks.  By the way not one more phone call from Riley O'Neil even after everything that happened. UNBELIEVABLE is the only way to describe the level of service or lack thereof.   I lost quite a bit this trip at the tables, and the only thing that makes me smile is that none of it went towards this sham of a hotel.  Bankrupt is where they will eventually head with this level of service for their gamblers as when it's all said and done, eventually  karma is a bitch. . . PS: On Saturday a day after all this I get a text message from the Marquee Day Club host asking if I still wanted a cabana? LOL Imagine they can't fill their cabanas so they call me the day of? Not a call back email nothing back for the 30 days since my request Priceless and useless come to mind!. . Don't stay here unless you're ready for poor service and even worse a staff that simply is useless.. . If you want to gamble in Vegas Call Marciano at the Mandalay Bay He is the Man!
The Cosmopolitan was so disappointing! We had a 1 bed suite and it was DIRTY!!!! I don't even want to guess what the white stuff was all over the couch YUCK!  Don't get a room that overlooks the strip/pool unless u never want to sleep the noise from the night club is all night long.  We left the hotel at 1am and checked in at Hotel 32 in a loft suite. What a difference!!!!!
Okay first off I just want to make it clear that this is a very beautiful hotel with nice chic designs, incredible views of the strip, (that's if you have the city view room w/ terrace) but really that's all they have. . . You know what they say don't judge a book by it's cover, well this is one of those books that look so interesting and the preface has you clinging to the edge of the seat waiting to see what happens next, but then when you open the book it's blank and on the second page it's a huge picture of a middle finger. . . Yeah I hope you guys got the visual of that, because that's how I felt staying at this hotel. I don't want to bore you with the fine details of the weekend but I'll give you the a cliff notes version. I promise there will be no giant middle fingers pointed at you only to the cosmopolitan. . . Now for the climax juicy part of the story.. So when I used the shower I noticed that the water pressure was sporadic it would go high pressure to no pressure cold then hot. I was thinking damn everyone is taking a shower at the same exact time... (I know that was dumb)  Anyways, I've never experienced that in any of the other hotels I've stayed at. I've stayed at quite a few with a whole entourage of people in one room. This time it was just me and two other people. So that's one water incident that had me scratching my head. The other was when my friend turned on the water for the soaking tub. She informed me that the water that was coming out of the faucet was brown and clear. I was like no way you're lying so I tested it myself and there it was brown water. I should've taken a picture or video so I could have posted it as proof but wasn't thinking about that. (I was pretty liquored up) I should've have called the front desk but my friend said to just deal with it in the morning when we checked out. So that's what I did... . . Future note if you have any problems in your hotel room during your stay make sure to call them and make sure they know about it. . . SO it's check out time, I was still pretty hungover from the night before checked my camera and had some pretty funny pictures from the night before great times with friends... Almost forgot about the whole brown water incident. So we get to the front desk to get in line for check out. As were waiting the two reps in behind the counter finish with the guest they are helping and they just stand there begin to converse about their weekend and about what some lady was saying to her. Yes they were talking loud enough to where I can hear them. about 2 mins go by and finally this which looked like a manager or supervisor comes out of his cave and requests those two to help the guest and looks over at me and instructs me to go to the desk and apologizes for the inconvenience. So I told the Rep her name is M@&*&. M@$*& I would like to check out and also I have some concerns about my room this past weekend. She replied oh okay I can check you out what's your room number? She then tells me okay let me get my manager... I was like okay cool you can't do anything so instead of all the run around talk to the one on top. When this guy comes out I begin to tell him about the incidents in the room and he just looked at me like he could give a fuck what happened. He showed no sympathy or care. All he said was I'm sorry but I don't see any records of you calling to inform us of this incident. There is really nothing I can do. I was like wow... FFW a little bit so we get a comp meal to anywhere in the hotel.. (per the manager and confirmed by REP) we order food at Comme C we inform the waiter that the meal is comp by the hotel and he calls to confirm and tells me that the front desk is saying no record of comp meal and there is no one named M@&*& that works down there. . . SO This is where I'm just really pissed and go back down and give them a piece of my mind. Also remember to get names when people promise you things. So I talk to the manager and get his name (we'll call him B. Asshat) and he tells me that oh sorry but your comp is only good for wicked spoon or one of the other cheap cafe's. Gee thanks for telling us! Maria confirmed that it would be good for any place in the hotel and to just bill it to the room. He then says look I'm taking time out to help you with this situation so what can I do to help you. I was like do your m*&%*$&%*#(# job I didn't know you clocked out to help us B. Asshat! . . SO I told him that I don't care about the food I don't care about anything he was gonna give me I was done. I asked him for a card and he gave me someone elses card and said I don't have any cards. Really okay that's fine I'll just write a letter to the card he gave me and make sure she knows of what happened. . . Well I wrote that letter and no response from her at all. . . Hey Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas  ,|, (0^0) ,|, . . never gonna stay here again!!!. . there's so much more that went on this weekend but I'm capped at 5001 characters.
No service, no service no service. It's the little details that make or break your stay. . . They didn't clean my room because their policy is not to clean unless I specifically request it. I've never had to request to have my room cleaned. Sometimes I've opted to go green and ask for it to not be cleaned, but never the opposite. I wasn't happy coming back to an unmade room after a long day of conventioneering. This could have been explained at check in but they neglected to mention it. . . The in-room movies didn't work my first night and they didn't offer any thing to make up for it. Not a complimentary drink voucher..nothing. Too bad so sad. I had just flown in to LV and all I wanted was room service, a movie and bed. . . The valet wouldn't bring up my car when I called down ahead of time so my car would be waiting for me-I had to be down there in person before they would get my car. They took so long to get it I should have skipped the stupid valet and just self-parked. . . Room service was a minimum wait of 1 hour each time I called... A pizza delivery would have been faster, I wish I had thought of that at the time. . . The coffee wasn't free! Couldn't believe this hotel would nickel and dime me for the usual free coffee. . . On a positive note, this hotel drew in the young and beautiful crowd of people at the casinos and clubs downstairs. No grubby tourists in their Keen sandals and cargo shorts to roll my eyes at here. Not too many kids either, which I hate seeing kids that have been dragged to Vegas by parents who lack good sense. . . Just a matter of time before the luster of this new location wears off and the beautiful people flock to the next new thing. Then they'll actually have to step up their service. Maybe.
How disappointing...  Now, if it wasn't for this ONE incident, I would definitely give this place 4 (maybe 4.5) stars...  I'm a regular at the Venetian (My fav hotel in Vegas) and the Palazzo and I'm thinking, "WOW!  the Cosmo is so bad ass!"  The drive into the valet was VERY cool looking.  The walk into the hotel was freaking cool.  The Wicked Spoon was FAB (review soon to come).  And before this ONE incident, I would have definitely tried/wanted/booked a weekend at the Cosmo. . . So we just finished a very cool dinner at the Wicked Spoon (The Cosmo's buffet) and was VERY happy with the over all experience.  We go down stairs to pick up our car from the valet and it takes 45 mins to get our car!  WAIT THERE IS MORE!  The reason why it took 45 mins to get our car (Dodge Charger) was that they SCRATCHED THE ROOF!  Yah, THEY SCRATCHED THE ROOF OF OUR RENTAL.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  How do you scratch the roof on a normal sized sedan??!?!  So of course they took some info and they said they would handle it with the rental car company BUT the WORST part was that they gave us a $100 gift card for our troubles.  ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?!?!?  The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is a PREMIER hotel and all they could do after they fucked up our vacation and our night (WE ASIAN!!!  WE BELIEVE IN LUCK AND THAT FUCKED UP OUR LUCK) is give us a $100 gift card.  WOW!  I am never spending any more money at this place...  EVER!  Yah, everything is Lux...  every other service was awesome...  but you fucked up my car and give us a $100 gift card for our troubles?!??!  REALLY?  I am sure ANY other high end hotel would have given us a free week for our troubles but the Cosmo only gave us a $100 gift card.  GIFT CARD.  Anyone else ever used a gift card in Vegas?  SERIOUSLY?  I'm going to upload the picture of our scratched up car later too for those of you that want to see.  . . Would I come back?  NO.  The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is a fail.  If you enjoy a slap in the face, the Cosmo is for you.  I can't wait to stay at the Venetian again.
Esthetically pleasing but the service is absolutely terrible .... . I was told by the bartender at Holsteins: "it's 1:30 am in Vegas, expect to spend some money" (because HE didn't tell me that in order to sit in a booth, each guest had to purchase $20 worth of food and drink). . . This same person at Holsteins pocketed my 54 cents in change and did not give me a receipt. When I asked for a copy of my receipt I was told: "I will have to dig it out of the trash" --- I did get a copy of my receipt and their trashcans must be sparking because my receipt was spotless and crisp.. . I was going to let this slide because I thought that after I told the floor manager (of the floor we were staying on) about this issue, he would do as he said and "discuss this with the management team and make things right" but I didn't ever hear back from him, nor have I heard back from the hotel after I got home and emailed them about this experience (I waited one week and now I'm here letting y'all know not to waste your money here). . . Also similar to other people's reviews: . Our telephone didn't work - they had to replace it TWICE. . Despite me informing them several times that a lamp didn't work, they didn't pay any attention to it. . . GO ELSEWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!
I HATE this hotel!!! The wait to check in was 20 minutes because the people before us were all complaining. The service just simply sucks. I reserved tickets to a show and they sold my tickets so I had to pay $60 more to purchase them somewhere else.. . The pool was nice but the cocktail servers were useless so I had to go back and forth to the bar.. . I will say that the spa was good hence the 1 star above.
If your nickname is Summer's Eve because you're that much of a douche, this place is for you. This hotel was made for douchebags. A douchebag hotel has receptionists that only talk to you if your breast are hanging out and at their eye level, table limits that start at $25, $50 but has more penny slot machines than Binion's, and charges $40 a ticket for a concert where you are standing in a drained wading pool with no way for the patrons to cool off in the hot vegas weather.  . . . The only redeeming factors of this hotel/casino are Holsteins Shakes and Buns and Skins 62.
Stayed there 8/20/11 with  2 friends. Check in took 30 minutes, reception very pleasant & upon learning we were locals gave us a great view from the 45 th floor. Elevators open and upon walking down the hallway, it smelled of vomit. Okay, maybe just happened. Smell never went away. Room gorgeous view of Bellagio fountains. Everything controlled by TV, very high tech, except when both remotes need batteries. Shouldn't that be part of the daily check list? Just sayin. Okay, to find a bamboo, pool very crowded, so we head for the pool on the 17 th floor, before we get there run into a young couple who says that's more crowded and the music is so loud it's unbearable.This from a couple in their 20's. So, we head for the Boulevard Pool, long walk through the conference room area, strange. A nice emloyee tells us a short cut, we get close and are told it's closed to prepare for a concert. Okay, we talk to some folks who say the Bamboo pool is emptying so we decide to go there. We find two lounges for the 3 of us and 2 of us head for the pool. To say it was filthy was an understatement. We could see the bottom of the pool at the Bellagio from the 45 th floor but could not see our feet in this pool! When did it become OK to smoke in a pool and flick your ashes in it? Exit stage left and to take a shower. Gross does not cover it. We went to Mandalay Bay for a show and luckily took a cab. Both cab drivers said getting in & out of this property is a nightmare, in fact on the way back, he let us out a block away or it would have taken 30 minutes just to turn in. Monday talked to a friend who went to the concert and took him 2 hours to exit the parking garage. Positive side STK restaurant was great even though they took away my drink before I was finished. Front desk rude the next morning when we asked for a 30 minute late check out. Do yourself a favor stay at  the tried and true, Bellagio, Venetian, The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. This one may need a few more years to get it right, for the price---------so not worth it.
I too was dazzled by the gorgeous hotel but buyer beware, all that glitters is not gold. . . I stayed here for 2 nights and paid the $250 pet deposit (which is really $280 plus tax). Our dog is kennel trained and we left the room seriously spotless. Upon checkout I noticed that my credit card statement showed two additional $200ish charges on top of our room charge. One was a pending charge that they quickly removed after my first phone call. The other stubborn $200ish charge to my credit card has been impossible to retrieve. Every person that I've talked to at Cosmopolitan has agreed that I should be refunded that amount.. . "It'll take 3-5 business days.". "It'll take 7-10 business days.". "Our accounting dept is only open M-F.". "I will fix the problem with accounting and call you tomorrow with an update." - no call back from a service rep named Promise.. "Don't worry we took care of it. You got your refund and you'll see it reflected on your folio which I will email to you right now." per a service rep named Joann. Never received the refund or the folio. . . I have yet to receive this refund after nearly a month after checking out and I feel violated. I'm planning my next move which is to call American Express and the Better Business Bureau. . . There were other minor annoyances with the stay as well:. . We were told that housekeeping would be up to put a sign on the door to indicate that we had a pet in the room. They never came and when I asked about it in passing they stated that they ran out of signs 3 months ago. . . They advertise that they do 24 hr turn down linen service. They should give their poor workers a break because they seem understaffed and unable to deal with the volume of normal requests. We asked for extra towels once and got stood up too, like a lot of you have.. . After reading other sketchy yelp reviews about the hotel, upon check out I made sure there were no erroneous Mini Bar or movie charges. I checked out over the phone from the room and the rep that I talked to confirmed that I had no charges. She also never sent me the final bill via email as promised so lo and behold during the multiple back and forth phone calls, I discovered that I indeed was charged for something I never took. They did refund me for that amount  after I voiced my frustration over all the erroneous charges. ugh. I seriously hope I'm one of the exceptions. . . Bottom line: The Cosmo does not respect your financial info. You may take a chance and decide to stay there anyway because it really is a fun hotel. However be vigilant about accounting errors because you could end up with more of a headache. . . If anyone from accounting or management is reading this. I hope you read the negative reviews and discern if this is a system error that needs fixing. I have never had a horrible hotel checkout experience at any hotel, especially a vegas hotel before in my whole life. A serious disappointment and I'm unable to, in good faith, recommend that any of my friends stay here unless management steps up and corrects some seriously ill behind-the-scenes issues.
I was so upset because I was so excited to finally get to visit this casino but we had such a bad experience I don't ever want to go back. We had 7 girls left after a horrible experience at Marquee (we had 15 girls for a bachelorette party) the other 8 girls left and got taken care of at another hotel. us 7 girls went down to the casino to gamble, they all wanted drinks, after a while from not seeing a waitress we saw a security guard and asked him if they even had waitresses walking around, it was only 1 am. He said yes and radioed for one. She finally came over 20 minutes later and went to the guard and said what, where? He pointed at us and she said "they're not playing" he stared at her and said "I see reels going, I see money being played, they are playing" she then got half the girls' orders and left. 2 of us didn't get drinks, she came back and dropped off the drinks, I tried to get her attention but she ran off, another 10 minutes goes by and she walks by us, I said "excuse me" not yelling, not mean, very polite, she stops, turns around and puts her finger up and says "wait", she then left and never came back. I couldn't believe it.. . My mom is a cocktail waitress at an older casino and has been for years so I know how they work, but working at one of the newest hottest casinos on the strip, you think you would be out more because I know they don't get paid much, they make their money on their tips. I just couldn't believe it and will NEVER go back again. I can get a drink and gamble some place else. So disappointing.
The Cosmopolitan should spend a little less money on iPads and a little more money on staffing their hotel.  We arrived on Saturday at 2 pm and spent about an hour checking in.  Fine, no big deal, it's to be expected.  But I happened to forget a room key at 2 am, and lo and behold, there was another hour long line!. . I was in Vegas for my brother-in-law's bachelor party and I was more than ready to throw down money.  I paid $1300 for a 2 bdrm sweet.  I was ecstatic to find that they ran out of those suites and were going to upgrade us to a Penthouse with a butler.  The butler service was great in concept, but the butler did little more than fill up a tub of ice for us and leave.  For the rest of the evening, it was nearly impossible to get ahold of hotel staff.  I don't think that's any fault of their own -- the Cosmo just needs to hire more people; bottom line! The room itself was amazing, no doubt.  It easily slept our relatively large group and came with some outstanding views of the city.  I wouldn't expected no less, however, for the amount of money I put down on a non-holiday weekend. I would expect that on top of the room, however, there would be some perks to staying in the hotel.  For instance, access to the hotel clubs and pools would have been a plus.  But at the Marquee club and at many of the pools at the hotel, the employees make it a point to denote that the Cosmo does not own these facilities and instead contracts out these venues.  This is absolutely ridiculous -- why contract out the two main attractions (pools and clubs) at your own hotel?  The people running these venues had a very snotty attitude as well. . . Everything that could go wrong seemed to go wrong.  It took ages to check out in the morning.  We ordered pizza and it literally took two hours for it to arrive.  We were graced with someone at the concierge desk who tried to remedy the situation -- he actually got us to the front of the line at the buffet downstairs.  Still, keeping 10 guys waiting for 2 hours is unbelievable.  . . The casino itself is stuffy and lacks class.  The Chandelier bar is overcrowded and annoying.  And the acclaimed pizza at the Pizzeria on the 3rd floor -- well, I've had better in a high school cafeteria.  All in all, not at all worth the time and effort I put into this reservation.
I am a generally positive person that sees the glass half full. When coming to this new venue for a close friend's Bachelorette Party, I was thrilled by the decor and the set up of the rooms. That is the reason for the one star. Otherwise, I would have given it zero.. . The check in was a nightmare. They were disorganized, rude, would not add anyone else's name to the reservation of 7 girls (which we had disclosed to them upon booking the room) without begging at the front.. . The parking is confusing and not easily accessible.. . The casino is cold and doing its best to mirror a spa with horribly snobby attendants. This is a casino. We are here to play games (the cheapest table was $25, but that's fine since this is the image they are going with) so please stop acting like you are doing us a favor. It's our money that we are OPENLY giving over to you. Not even The Wynn has this much attitude.. . Then, came the situation that I have discussed with a lawyer and about which I am still unsure of what to do. We had purchased tickets for a Fat Boy Slim concert on their roof during this Labor Day weekend celebration. The lines, as you can imagine, were insane and everyone was trying to get in. We had tickets, so we tried to find the difference between tickets and no tickets. When I attempted to ask the bouncer (whose name escapes me but he has a tattoo on his arm with his anniversary and looks almost identical to Steve-O) where we needed to stand, he literally turned his back to me and would not answer my question. I thought he didn't hear me, so I said, "Excuse me, can you please tell me..." and before I could finish he put his finger inches from my nose and said, "I'm busy and will deal with you later." then walked away. We thought fine, we'll just wait here.. . After awhile, we got in our correct line and waited. It was divided into two sections to keep a pathway clear for other guests (which makes total sense, again I'm a reasonable human). When we walked (as instructed by another equally angry bouncer) to the other part of the line, Steve-O waited for us to get to the other side and then yelled, "You dumb (expletive) need to get in the right line. The end of the line is back there." I replied, "The other bouncer just told us to go here. We have tickets. Why are you talking to us like this?" He then ran to me and got inches from my face. He screamed he was going to kick me out and raised his hand like he was going to strike me. I was terrified and everyone in line was just staring, confused. I responded with, "You are being incredibly aggressive and if you are kicking me out, you need to decide that, but your tone and aggression are unnecessary." Seeing as how I was right and he had created a seen, he huffed and puffed and walked away. Others in line said, "Oh, he just did that to me too. I am trying to sell my ticket." They were always females saying this. It was a disgusting experience and was, by the definition of the word, assault.. . I will never return here. When I attempted to report this while there, I was ignored and told that a separate company hires out these people and they can't speak to it. I paid to stay at that hotel for 3 nights. Why would you not at least direct me to the person with whom I could file this report?. . Throughout the weekend, I heard, "We are only 7 months old" from a lot of employees. That's completely understandable that there will be hic-ups and mistakes! But, so much aggression from one employee, I was shaking and had to return to my room?! Then, to have no one wanting to help me at least report it?! I am not good at confrontation, so I let it go. But, for any and all people that are nice and want to experience Vegas in the fun, light-hearted way most trips there are intended to be, do NOT stay in this hotel. You are not safe, it is very expensive, and the staff is rude beyond anything I have ever experienced.. . I was simply left without words. From the valet, to the maintenance people - no one appears to be happy working here. You can get a high class, well respected experience (and I speak from having had them) at the Wynn and Mandalay Bay. Do not give them your money or your sense of security. Disgusting
So the we arrived at the Cosmopolitan buffet restaurant around 8pm and then paid and started eating the food that was already cold. Then we were told the restaurant was closing at 9pm (of course they did not tell us this when we paid) and saw the staff taking away the food. My friend left her cell phone on the table to rush to grab some food before the closed. Hardly anyone was left in the restaurant. We saw the bus boy cleaning our table. When we returned to our table, my friend's cell phone was missing -- stolen. We suspect the bus boy as he was the only one seen going by our table. The restaurant staff was not helpful in speaking to him to try to retrieve it or doing much else. They just called security and refused to help in any other way. Of course the thief texts nasty crude emails to my contacts before it was finally turned off. Security then says they have no cameras in the eating area restaurant. . . Of course no one else in our group ate after that!. . Since we believe the bus boy staff is a thief and stole ... and the food was all cold... we would never go back there again
wow. i cant blieve i forgot to post on here. this hasbeen a long time coming (went april/may 2011). place is fkn rediculously DURTY and DURTY FILTHY. we stayed here cuz we love marquee. little did we know.... . it was friday @ about 9 pm when we arrived. 2 people in line front of us waiting in line to check in and 2 at the counter being helped.  There were literally 7 employees @ the check in counter walking around or on the computer. only 2 were checking ppl in.  10 min passed.  15 min passed.  20 min passed.  now there was 4 more ppl behind us in line. no employee says to the line "we'll be right with you, or thank you for waiting." no one bothers to look up at us, or even open at least antother check-in lane.  a ghetto lady in a wheelchair already at the counter, wants to get a room in the front for free and she does this pity party screaming and yelling and kicking and pretending to fall off her chair and is crying (i just COULDNT blieve she was handicapped, the moves she was doin), THE front desk girl (young and immature) ROLLS HER EYES at the lady and walks away to the back. then ladies and gentleman, wheelchair lady's so pissed, she walks up off her wheelchair and realizing what she did, she walks back to her wheelchair and then pretends to fall down.  The lady at the counter never comes back and we are waiting.  ok, they are dealing w/ a crappy customer, but give me a break, customer service was FUCKED UP making us wait half hour to get checked in.  everyone waiting in line was DISGUSTED.. . our room wasnt ready (wth. 9pm). we had to wait 45 min.  UNREAL on the chandaliers and whole casino floor. feel like im in mariahcarey's nitemare. BLING bling... BLING.  . . fine. gave them benefit of the doubt as theyd just opened and probably still figuring out their shit.  . . check in. first thing i wanted to do was take a shower. 2 steps into the bathroom, i see black medium length hairs (i counted 10) on the bahtorom tile floors. SICK. Then I see one in the sink.  I got a tissue and wiped them all up and threw it away.  I step into the shower and i see a couple more hairs on the seat section in the back of the shower!!! UGHHHHHHHHH. nassssttty. i throw those out.  whatever. didnt think anything of it, probably forgot to swweep the bathroom. or the maid was shedding.. . We go out, do our thing that nite, and i come back to sleep. Throw back the covers, and I SEE 3 black medium length hairs again (one under the pillow). OMG KILL ME.  but i was so tired i couldnt even call to complain. i picked up that shit w/ tissues.. . i could barely sleep, so at 8am, my man still sleepin, i go to the front desk and i nicely (i swear, i was nice - the girl looked nice) tell this girl about these medium length hairs everywhere in the bathroom from under the covers.  but of course, this bitch had the nerve to look up at my head and say "ARE YOU SURE IT WASNT YOURS?"  oh mother -  i had to restrain myself from crawling across the counter and beat her face in.  I say " look at my HAIR its down to my waist, I hAVE THE HAIRS FROM MY ROOM SAVED, ILL GO DIG IN THE TRASH AND GIVE IT TO YOU, WOULD YOU LIKE THAT?"  she says "no i dont need it" and gives a dirty face.  i say "YOUR HOTEL IS SO UNSANITARY AND YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE AT CHECK-IN YESTERDAY WAS SO UNBLIEVABLY UNPROFESSIONAL, AND WE ARE PAYIN FOR YOU SUITE AND YOU'RE ACCUSING ME OF LYING" she says "well, do you want me to send a maid up to clean your place then?"  i say "is that what ur offering me? to clean up? after we paid all this money to stay at your DIRTY HOTEL, I want LAST NIGHT comped " she goes "we cant do that. we can give you 50$ food credit"  i said "get me your manager" she comes back and says "he says we cant comp your room" omg i had to leave before i was about to rip her eyes out. "give me $300 food credit." i can do 150$. "get ur manager". She dissappears n says, $275. I took it n left. What the... Mgr can't address guests face to face? Too trivial for u?  F-u Cosmo.. . we spent it all on their tacos. @ their restaurant called china poblano? The tacos were Amazing DELICIOUS (the hi-light of the hotel... as well as marquee.. and cosmo doesnt own marquee :) - both i give 5 stars, not reflected in this rating). . i love allsaints. they have one in there. sad. ppl r gonna be wearing that stuff who shouldnt be. Majority of cosmos clientele  trading in their affliction/ed hardy's for allsaints. yuck.. . wicked spoon was what id been waiting and dying for.  sooooooo disssapointeddddd. bone marrow was steamed looking instead of roasted (gag). mac n cheez was good. thier ribs were nasty tasting and altho presentation was really nice on everything, they lacked TASTY FOOD.  i mean... i really dont know how to put it. they had good quality foods, but the chefs really missed the mark on flavor.. . COSMO = failure of all failures. . will only go into cosmo 4 marquee.. . wynn/encore, please.
This is without a doubt the worst run hotel in which I have ever stayed. Housekeeping is a joke. First day came back after being out all day. Room not cleaned at 10:30 pm. Come to find that someone from houskeepinh had put the do not disturb sign on the door, we didn't, so as not to clean the room. Never vaccumed the room in 4 days. Last night found that a housekeeping person had taken a smoke and TV break in our room and left ash and cigarette butts on the balcony. Management would do nothing. Resort manager said no words could suffice. 2 would have been nice.....you're comped. . Security in the hotel was a joke. People were stealing the motorized elderly carts and were having races in the crowded walkways. People were hit. In the hot tub, couples were in fact coupling. Then one hotel lifeguard threw a female lifeguard over the head of other people in the hot tub. Again words failed the hotel manager.. Overall, pretty place but dismal service. Would only recommend to drunk twenty year olds.
Huge customer service failure.  I'm sitting in my room right now with no Internet connectivity, no working phone in the room, no tv, an unstocked minibar, a previous guest's trash in the drawers and cabinets, and have called the front desk 4 times asking for an audio cable to plug my iPad into the entertainment center.  When I went to the front desk asking for a status on the communications/entertainment issues, I was told guests were warned the day before.  That doesn't help because I checked in today to an unkept room. The front desk and operators (had to call on my cell phone) were not remotely helpful or sympathetic to the awful hotel experience I'm enduring.  I'm at the point where it's adversely affecting my valuable vacation time and cannot work due to the lack of connectivity. A little genuine sympathy or compensation for guests is the logical answer, but right now it seems like nobody in the hotel is getting it.
After waiting in line to check-in for 45 minutes, I made the long treck to my room only to find out the key doesn't work. I called the hotel to see what was going on, after holding for 5 minutes I was td security will be up in a couple minutes. I have now been waiting for 10 minutes. I wanted to give this place a chance but it is back to Wynn for me next time.
I would never stay at this hotel again. I was there for only one night, but it was a terrible stay. Besides my room being unclean (hairs in the sink), the technology in the room did not work. In fact, it was out throughout the hotel and was not fixed for more than 12 hours. The staff was unfriendly and when I checked out, the front desk person did not ask me how my stay was. I prompted her to ask me, and when I told her what happened, she shrugged her shoulders and said he would look into it - offering no incentives or any kind of follow-up communication with me. Really awful; stay elsewhere!
To make a long story short:. . I stayed here for 3 nights. First 2 nights were fine, last night was the worst night i've ever spent in a hotel. There was some kind of frat party in the room next to mine and there was mayhem all night long. No human could sleep with that much noise. I felt like I was getting the torture where they don't let you sleep even though you are dead tired.. . I called the front desk 3 times. The first time, security came. The noise stopped for 5 minutes or so. The security told me "if they are still loud please call again and we will evict them." The 2nd and 3rd times that I called to complain nothing happened.. . When I left my room at 630am there were hundreds of cigarette butts on the ground (on a non-smoking floor), beer bottles everywhere and a couple of passed out clowns sleeping in front of my door that I had to step over to leave. Sidenote, the cigarette smoke was coming in my room all night and it was horrible.. . After breakfast I came back to my room to call the front desk again and let them know about the mess in the hall. I again expressed my frustration that nothing was done to silence the frat party. The woman was really nice on the phone and apologized and said that she would send up a complimentary breakfast and give me a credit. I waited for over an hour for my breakfast. It never came. I hope that I get my credit.. . Don't stay here if you value sleep and a responsive management.. . Clowns.
I only write reviews to warn people about problems because I feel that business's these days should not be able to get away with shady practices since we have all this technology to spread information.  . . I go to Vegas around 6 times/year and usually stay at the Encore and occasionally at Cosmo.  I read many many reviews on how Cosmo charges you incorrectlyand then the hassle that must be dealt with afterwards.  I stayed at Cosmo well over a month ago and after I got back I realized my credit card was charged extra.  After much deliberating I emailed them about the issue and they quickly responded telling me my card was "erroneously" charged for the minibar and that it would be credited back.  Over a MONTH later and 3 e-mail exchanges, each one promising the amount will be credited back and I am still without the credit.  I read this EXACT problem in at least 2-3 other reviews (and I was just glancing) and now it happened to me.  Pretty shady for a "5-star" establishment.
I spent the Thanksgiving holidays over there with my husband and my parents. We had two guest rooms. I do not understand why this hotel has 5 stars or why it get good reviews!. 1. There was no coffee maker, or refrigerator or microwave in the rooms, so people had to ask for coffee with rooms service and it was ridiculously expensive. You would not expect that from a 5 star hotel which is already so expensive.. 2. All the pools were closed. Their excuse was the weather, but the weather was good and other hotels had their pools open.. 3. Our rooms had not been properly cleaned. I read that in other reviews before I booked that hotel, but I thought it was bad luck. Well it's not! Staff and room service just suck.. 4. The rooms were just plain. There was nothing special or interesting about them, and they don't have standard guest rooms with king beds!!. 5. Nothing is included. You have to pay for the Internet, spa, and the gym all separately. I think we paid over $60/day/room just for all these things. THEY SAY WIFI IS FREE, BUT IT IS NOT.. . so my suggestion is just stay away from the Cosmopolitan. It's not worth the money you pay.
Cosmopolitain it is NOT.  We checked into a one bedroom suite for 3 nights, and upon check-in, we knew something was off kilter with the service.  It was very clear the girl at the desk has never worked in a hotel before ("you're staying for 4 nights right?  What?  Oh, only 3 nights?  Oh.  Ok.  Whatever."), but we got to our room which was actually quite nice.  By 10pm and after a long day of traveling and sight seeing, we were looking forward to a good night's sleep.  WRONG.  We walked into our room and everything was vibrating.  There was a pool party going on at Marquis, a nightclub inside the hotel, and there was thumping house music blaring SO loud, everything in the bedroom was vibrating.  We looked out the balcony and sure enough, from the 29th floor, we could hear EVERYTHING.  We looked into the hotel book and it said that weekend pool parties end at 11pm, and we thought we'd be safe.  By 11h30pm, it was louder.  I kept my composure and called the concierge desk and they said "Oh it's going to go till 4am tonight and tomorrow night".  When I asked what they can do about this, they offered ear plugs.  Just so everyone knows, when music is THAT loud, ear plugs don't do anything.  When I asked to speak to the general manager to switch to a quieter room, he said "the hotel is fully booked, so we can't switch your room".  This was TOTAL BS, as Vegas hotels do NOT fill up easily, and when I went online to book a sample room for that night, there was plenty of availability in the hotel.  I told him he could give us a cheaper room, that a DOWNGRADE as long as it's QUIET, was totally ok with us.  With many phone calls back and forth with all levels of management, they were extremely abrupt and all responded with "You're only getting earplugs".  This was totally unacceptable.  We called our credit card company and thankfully, they re-booked us at another hotel for that night.  . There are good reasons why locals hate this hotel.  Between the bad service, the noise, and the hoardes of fist-pumping 20-somethings falling over drunk in the lobby and casino every night, the only extravagance in this hotel is tackiness.  If you like good service and soundproof rooms, which any other hotel of this price range will offer, DO NOT STAY HERE.
Let me start by saying we head down to Vegas from Seattle once or twice a year. I've stayed at Paris, MGM, TI, Monte Carlo, Marriott, Planet Hollywood, Mandalay Bay and the Flamingo. The Cosmopolitan was the worst experience I've ever had in Vegas. I will admit the Cosmo has awesome views. But the service is awful. I kept thinking it reminded me of a training center for hotel employees. No one really seemed to know what they were doing or how to answer the simplest questions. . The club is out of control- we could hear it bumping all night from our room on the 56th floor. The casino is small and machines are blinky. All systems were down the first night we were there. Also, we were lucky enough to meet the rudest waitress in all of Las Vegas at the Chandelier Bar.  As an added bonus, wifi is $15 per hour per device. You can wander across the street to PH's Starbucks and use wifi for free. Really, Cosmo? You want us to leave? . Lastly, the cleaning service was appalling. They left all the dirty glasses and never replenished toilet paper or toiletries. ???. I can say I've never experienced anything quite like this hotel adventure. Will NOT be back. No way.
Wish I could give this place more stars, but I checked out this morning, got to the airport and realized I had left my watch in the room.   Called the front desk to have them grab it and they transferred me to... lost and found?  Not a good sign.  If I were still in the hotel, I would just go up to the room myself and put the watch back on.  If it wasn't there, it would be stolen, not lost.   In any case, after multiple attempts at getting someone to bother to go up to the room and being told (by Jim in security?) they were "really busy", they finally called me back several HOURS later to inform me that the watch was not in the room.  What a surprise.  FAIL.
The first 3 nights/days were great. Great room, nice casino. We were there in Mid Nov. Despite their website stating that they had one pool open in Nov., we discovered that all the pools were closed. But the big issue was their spa. IF YOU GO TO THEIR SPA, DO NOT TAKE ANY CASH, JEWELRY, OR VALUABLES! While I was getting a massage, someone got into my locked locker (pass code locker) and stole my Rolex watch and $1800 in cash! Yes, lesson learned, HOWEVER, guess what the hotel did for me?? NOTHING!!! Barely an apology. A security manager took he report. They then turned it over to their insurance company. I had to chase the insurance company down, and when I finally got them, of course they said the Hotel had no liability! So, I intend to spread the word through every message board and review site I can find. DO NOT USE THE SPA T THE COSMOPOLITAN, THEY HAVE A THEIF WORKING IN THE SPA WHO KOWS HOW TO GET INTO PASSCODE PROTECTED LOCKERS!
This place sucks and wouldn't come back even if all expenses were paid. Room was dirty upon arrival. Door latches missing. Tub plug was broken. Customer service was about as good as a burger king
If I can give NO STAR to Cosmo, I would.  . We had horrible experiences with THE Cosmopolitan.   No matter how beautiful your decors are in the hotel, I don't sleep at the lobby or the bar area at night.  I rather you provide us with decent services instead. . . First strike, the toilet was full of shit stains when we arrived the room.  You don't have any excuses of given an uncleaned or unready room to your guess especially when you charge so much. . . . Second strike, we were wakening by a loud "BANG" sound at 6:58 a.m..  I thought was earthquake, actually it was the cable box from the TV dropped and broke the table lamp.  We had to called the customer services right away to get the mess fix, and it took the technician about 40 minutes to arrive.  And another 10 extra minutes for the housekeeping department to clean up all the broken glasses.  . . For all the yelpers, don't you guys feel bad for me at this point, it is literally Vacation Nightmare."  . . Third strike, The same night of the Fallen Cable Box disaster, the Housekeeper never came by to fix our bed, change the towels, and make the room.  BTW, We tipped the Housekeeper whom cleaned the broken glasses from that morning.  . It is HORRIBLE.  Called in to request them to get our bed fix, and we made a request to have them please come by after 5 p.m. because we were tired from the morning disaster and all the sightseeing, and the coordinator was agreed to send someone over around 5.  . . So, half an hour passed from the time I called, someone knocked on our door.  It was the housekeeper and we have to send them back.  I almost had a heart attack.  I have to talk to someone that understands about services and accommodations.  The manager got on the phone with me and explained that "the housekeepers get off at 5 pm and no one can provides us services after that time."  HOW come no one told me that when I make my first request.  And the manager explains" We didn't anticipate the back up."  WHF are you talking about, and Is it your first day as a manager for such a high end hotel?????? . . Never trust the housekeeping services from COSMOPOLITAN.  I rather stay at Wynn Encore, they are much better with services and everything else.  COSMO, you suck and you failed on us over and over again.  Will never recommend anyone stay at COSMO.
shady hidden fess ....
Spend your hard earn money else where in Vegas. . Check- in at 3pm for my large Warp around suite and 1 bed room connecting room. Was told no rooms were open for what i had rented!! ended up waiting for them to track down a room they could offer me till they could fix the problem. took them 5 hours to finally get a room ready for my group.  wasted lost time and money! . . while waiting i checked out the Secret pizza- so secret it shouldnt even be open! waited over an hour for a whole pizza! which wasnt great at all! disappointed again.... pizza wasnt great at all! under cooked. staff not so friendly . . checked out early
The service here was SUB PAR! I fell for all the hype and was so excited to stay at the Cosmopolitan that I succumbed and paid the exorbitant rates over NYE weekend. . . My first impression of the hotel was great. The check-in processes was relatively easy and the girls which greeted us with bottles of water was a nice touch. I won some quick cash and headed up to the room with a smile on my face. We also got upgraded to a really high floor which was a really nice considering the view of the Bellagio fountains. . . However, after the initial excitement, all the tiny problems started to unravel. At first glance the room looked nice. But then... cigarette burns in the carpet, old gum on the floor, dirty pants in the closet?? Then we noticed that the glasses had white residue (picture old milk). I called concierge which put in a request to get them replaced, to haul away the pants, and we requested a roll away bed. Two hours later no show from house keeping. I called again, they tried to connect me with house keeping, and after being on hold for 7 min I hung up. I call concierge and they apologize that they didn't inform me two hours earlier that a roll away is not available for my room as it's a fire hazard. I ask them to at least come with new glasses and to remove the pants. 30 min later a guy shows up to take the pants... still no glasses. Finally (HOURS later) clean glasses arrive. Wow... I don't think you can encounter service this bad at a holiday inn. . . The next day I found out why the glasses are dirty... I witnessed the maid give the a quick rinse in the sink. Sanitary?!?! . . Additionally, outside of the amazing Marquee, the cool chandelier, there's really not all that much to the hotel. I'd rather stay at Wynn/ Encore or Aria.
Firs off I agree with all the negative things said about The Cosmo. Very disappointing .....HOUSEKEEPING STOLE FROM OUR ROOM ON NEW YEARS EVE. Took my friends entire wallet and money with it . We left the room for 4hrs and it was there before we left, came back to our room and it was gone. Only people who had access to our room was housekeeping who came in and made our bed.  Never thought such a so called "High end" Hotel would have staff like that .   I've stayed at many hotels in LV and this is not a favorite. It was new years so we made the best of it . BEWARE DO NOT LEAVE ANYTHING IN YOUR ROOM OF VALUE.
review for casino floor ONLY (haven't stayed here).  numerous issues:  1.  interior shape and size.  it feels squished.  oblong.   not comfortable  2.  style...think cheap wanna be cool.  think IKEA if someone in jersey owned it.  think opposite of Bellagio.  3.  signage:  i couldn't find anything...when all I wanted to do was to escape this mess of a place.  and having now read the horror stories of people who have stayed here, OMG...not good.
LADIES BEWARE... . If you're an out of towner and want to die, stay here.  My gf and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan during a visit to LV for my bday and upgraded to a suite, with balcony, upon arrival.  The room was nicely decorated but dirty.  The bathroom had white stains all over the marbletopped counter and there was dust all over the paintings/fixtures in the room.  We cleaned the dust off with towels and used lysol wipes (yeah me for packing them!!) to disinfect the bathroom before getting ready to head out.  After returning to our room around 3am, we fell out but were awakened by someone banging on our room door.  Thinking some sort of emergency situation was going on, we jumped out of bed and ran to look out the keyhole to find a BEYOND DRUNK man going to town on the door.  We called the front desk and asked that he be removed, however 15 minutes went by, STILL NO SECURITY.  Afraid and exhausted, we tried to reason with the gentleman who now had his pinky finger in his mouth and seemed to be rubbing his lower body with his other hand.  He continued banging and then had the audacity to put his eye up to the peephole, trying to see into our room.  We called the front desk again and were told that security was not on site and that we simply had to wait.  There was nothing they were able or really going to do until the offsite security got there.  After what seemed like forever, the banging stopped and the man sat down in front of our door.  We ended up not being able to leave for a 8am excursion we purchased tickets for.  When we got to the front desk, we were connected to security who confirmed that they received the complaint and that the gentleman was removed in an indecent state from our front door.  When we asked what they meant by "indecent" they refused to go into detail and stated that their reasoning for not contacting us to let us know it were safe to leave the room was because they did not know how to reach us.  Umm..didn't you just say you removed him from in front of our room?! We called from the phone in our room, how were you not able to knock on the door, show your badge and let us know what was going on..wtf?!  We complained to the Manager who must have had a nice big delicious mug of BITCH for breakfast.  She basically told us she did not care since the situation was over and that it really was not any of our business as to what state the man was in when they found him.  We later filed a report with security and were told that the man - "Nick" was naked in front of our door and had to be restrained and removed from the floor.  He was not a guest..he was a trespasser and they had NO CLUE as to how he was able to gain access to the hotel, let alone get up to our floor without having a keycard for the elevator.  . . BE VERY CAREFUL LADIES.  The Cosmopolitan and their staff does not care about anything but getting your money, especially not your safety.  "Nick" and his naked behind could have raped and killed someone and they would have covered it up, I promise.
I wil never ever stay at this hotel again...and I tried my best to give it a fair shot. The only reason this hotel gets ONE star from me is because the room had an awesome view.. . Background- Carole and I try to go away for Christmas. If we don't go anywhere, we try to do a staycation and check into a hotel somewhere in Chicago. Well, I have a dog. He's ten pounds and extremely well-traveled, having been on a car ride from Chicago to New York and back, having flown in airplanes from New York to Chicago and also from Chicago to Vegas and back. He also takes part in these family vacations. As such, I specifically called the hotel upon booking our Terrace One Bedroom with the view of the Bellagio Fountains, I asked what the pet policy was. I also asked what I needed to bring and was told the hotel had everything, crates, blankets, dishes, etc...all I needed to bring was the dog, his food and treats and be prepared to pay a $250 refundable deposit...oh how wrong they were. This hotel gets one star for several reasons.. . 1) Check-In and Check-Out Process: I wish I was exaggerating, but Carole and I got in the line to check in shortly after three pm. After waiting more than an hour and fifteen minutes in the longest line to check in that I've ever been in my entire life...we get to check in. Daniela, the staffer who checked us in, was obviously new and not aware of any of the amenities for the dog...and presented us with an entire list of do's and don'ts for the dog. Tired and exhausted, we get upstairs at 4:45 and crash.. . 2) Concierge Services: One of the aforementioned rules in regards to us having the dog was that he couldn't stay in the room alone and uncrated. I'm a reasonable person, and it makes sense because of housekeeping coming in and out of the room...no one wants to get bit by an overprotective animal. However, when the hotel told me not to bring anything because they 'had it all' and I specifically asked about how I'd keep Jackson out of the way of housekeeping, i asked about crates.  I was told they had crates. However, when I called down to request one, i was told there were no crates. Great...so that means I have to stop my vacation to track down a pet store, go to said pet store and purchase a crate (if they hopefully carry any). Call down to the concierge to get an address and find that the nearest pet store is a bit away...explain the situation and the concierge tells me they will give us a credit (the first of many) and have a car take us, at no cost. Great! We get downstairs and to said address to discover the pet store doesn't exist in that location. Concierge didn't even call to check on it and this was Christmas Eve. So now, we're two out of towners and a dog riding around in a courtesy limo trying to locate a pet store. Had we done what the first concierge told us and hopped in a cab, we would have been screwed. Almost two hours later, we get a crate and return back to the hotel. It never should have taken that long.. . 3) Housekeeping: The hotel management told us that when we stepped in the room, it was supposed to feel like no one had ever stayed in that room before us. Yeahhhh......not the case at all. There were soap scum stains on the shower door, the microwave above the wet bar in the room was filled with grease and sauce stains from someone heating up something in there, and the glasses along the bar were grossly covered in fingerprints and who knows what else. Ordinarily, you could call down, ask them to give your room a thorough clean and all that would be eliminated, right? Yeah, we did that. Didn't happen. Twice.. . 4) Lines: Since this hotel is fairly new, it was built to have lots of guests frequenting the different areas of the hotels. However, it lacks the staff and management to actually handle the amount of people. Even the elevators, while many, cannot handle all the foot traffic of guests, visitors and other frequenters of the hotel and its facilities. Makes no sense that I have to wait over a half hour for an elevator to go down to the main lobby area, and makes even less sense that the only way to even find a place on the elevator is to ride it all the way up, and then down. . . 5) Dog Area: While in pictures it is cute and adorable, the policy about picking up after your animal was not enforced and the area kept running out of poop bags. Also, to get to the poop bags, you have to step into the actual area where the dogs urinate and poop, so if you aren't careful (and it does get dark late at night) you could end up stepping in the poop of an animal. The area often smelled as if it hadn't been cleaned properly, and when security got too tired or called away, the doors out to the area were locked and any pooches needing to potty were out of luck,
For a new hotel, I was surprised by how much the business suites were saturated with cigarettes.  All of my friends and I had our sinuses going crazy by the end of the 2nd day.  That was not the worst part however.. . Playing blackjack on a Saturday night, the dealer misread my California driver's license, and tried to throw me off the table for having an "expired" license.  He failed to read that it was the issuance date and not the expiration date - in front of a large group of people.  No real apology from him, but a grumpy frumpy "sorry."  . . Com'on Cosmo - for a upscale hotel, you can do better than that when you embarass a customer (who was clearly a working professional) who just spend thousands at your hotel.  Very disappointed.
In case anyone was wondering if I ever got the credit that was promised to me by the management.....I did not. Nor did I receive the complementary breakfast.. . NEVER STAY HERE, THE MANAGEMENT IS AWFUL!!!
I stayed at the Cosmo hotel and was wrongfully ejected out of the Marque and the bouncers bullied me up to my room while telling me I was a homosexual and my wife was naked inside the room having sex with another guy.  . . Hotel management refused to make amends.. . Here is the video to prove it.. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_E4jPBXiFpI&feature=youtube_gdata_player
I will never set foot in this place again. I have never seen a bigger bunch of pathetic a-holes grouped together in my life. You would seriously have to pay me to get me back in the door.
This was the worst hotel i have stayed at in years - it was dirty and i had a wrap around deck suite not cheap - customer service is non existent they could care less and be sure you get things in writing because they changed my room rate by over $100 a night higher - charge me $167 for mini bar items that never got used and it took over a week to get them to remove it from my bill.  The dryer was broker, a light was broken there was dirty crusty dishes in the dishwasher - place was gross I will never stay there again
Hotel is pretty but the service there is a joke. You want a waitress while you gamble? Good luck. The staff is snobby which is just disgusting to me. Will not be going back.
This review is strictly for the casino area, specifically during the hours of the morning, 3-4am on a Saturday night/ Sunday morning.... . I had heard great things about The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas and was dying to check it out for myself.  Upon walking into the casino floor from the Strip entrance, I was really digging the decor, the HUGE crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling.... and that's pretty much where my awe ended.  I understand this place is the "it" place of the moment for the 20s to early 30s crowd but my sister and I were totally floored by what we witnessed in the 45 minutes or so that we were there.  There's giant hot pink high heel in the middle of the floor when you walk in and there were a good amount of girls dressed in their clubbing-best taking pictures while standing in the high heel, so that was ok.  The casino walkways were way crowded with those who had gotten out of the club (Marquee) or one of the bars there.  Many douchy-looking guys using profanity and slurring their speech so you know they were almost done for the night.  Another review called the casino floor "claustrophobic" which I very much agree with.  The ceilings are low, the decor just looks like a mess with so many drunk people wandering around trying to find their friends.  . . And I know there are many girls out there leave their hotel room dressed to the 9s with 5 inch heels on only to give up a few hours later and walk the floor barefoot.  I saw more barefoot girls in here that night than walking around anywhere else at any other casino.  There's a Walgreens very close by where they sell some of those Dr. Scholls ballet slippers you can carry in your purse.  There was so much of this going on.  Nothing classy and hip about that AT ALL.. . On another side note, as we were leaving, a friend we were with had a broken bottle thrown in his direction right outside the casino doors (WTH?).  And my husband said the men's restroom was filthy, which I was surprised by, since I have never seen a Vegas hotel with a dirty restroom, but perhaps because of the clientele roaming around???  And one more thing, hardly anyone uses the slot machines at this hour so the drink girl will never pass by you if you're playing on one.  . . If you're into being claustrophobic, around a large amount of obnoxious 20-30 somethings,  waiting for a drink girl to serve you, and watching a bunch of girls walking around barefoot with their makeup running, stop by The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.  I would like to think about coming here during the day, but we will see and then I can give a review update then.
NEGATIVE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I only put 1 star because yelp made me click on one before posting this -. The worst experience I have EVER had in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. The place was FILTHY!  Service (or lack thereof) was a huge issue. We were on the 30th+  floor - was as noisy as if we were one the 1st foor. . Never EVER again!!!! Very very disappointed!!!!!!!
The safe malfunctioned and it took three phone calls and over an hour for them to come up and fix it. I nearly missed my plane and no one even apologized. I emailed a letter to the hotel manager when I got home and received no response. Stay at the Bellagio and take the short walk to the Cosmo if you want to see the beautiful people -  don't gamble on staying at the Cosmopolitan!!!!. . PS: The carpet in the roomwas filthy, the trendy phone thingy and TV were hard to work, as were the weird faucets and blinds. They are clearly more concerned about form than function at this hotel.
If you're thinking about staying at the Cosmopolitan, think again. Billing itself as the newest hotel in Vegas, it's got the look and feel of a $15.00 per day motel. I'll elaborate in a bit, first my list of what is so wrong with the Cosmopolitan.. . WRONG LIST . Staff, every single one could use a basic course in common courtesy and essential service. From the desk clerk at check-in to the arrogant, morons answering phones for their Business Center or the "Beck & Call" not one person had any kind of answer to several rudimentary questions, including confirming a package delivery two days earlier. . . The Desk clerk at check-in was a douche bag, a hole that came across like we were interrupting his day.. . Housekeeping Staff, 51st floor where are you? A four day stay and not once did these incompetents (if they actually exist) come to clean my room, change towels or bedding, empty trash containers or wipe down one square inch of counter space, floors, etc.. . Cosmo charges for Wi-Fi on a daily basis and limits you to two devices, if you've got more; shell out another $15.00 per day. However, you'll be lucky to find either the Wi-Fi or the internet (via Ethernet connection) working. The technology services were almost nonexistent. Maybe Housekeeping manages the IT at this dump.. . My room's floor to ceiling exterior glass was filthy, wash the windows.. . The rooms carpet looked 20 years old, was stained, smelled and was covers with rust spots from the cheap, cheesy euro-trash furnishings. Doors were worn, painted surfaces showed primer from overuse, gouges, scratches and grim were evident everywhere.. . The Samsung flat screen offered NO HD TV and the hotels satellite signal is so bad you get that scrambled digitizes rain fade signal on every channel, at any hour of the day. I expect the fix is a coat hanger and tin foil.. . The sinks faucets were installed incorrectly and turn off & on contrary to what any of us would expect, that shows the lack of attention to detail that permeates "Vegas' newest hotel".. . The casino layout is haphazard, slots of all denominations are scattered, table games are set up along circulation without any buffer for players, so hang onto your wallet or pursue. I make the latter point because Security at the Cosmo SUCKS. In four days I spoke to at least half a dozen guests that were ripped off in the casino floor, elevator and retail area by pick pockets.. . The retail shops offer no national or international brands. Marginal merchandise and clerks that seemingly pumped gas before getting their store assignments.. . The restaurants, with the exception of Holsteins aren't even marginal; each is too expensive and the menus need complete overhauls, including Jose Andres Mexican Asian combo concept CHINA POBLANO, it was HORRIBLE.. . The decor in the common areas is dark wood, poor lighting an 80's look and feel that is depressing. Cosmo should have fired the interior designer as that person was blind and had no taste. These area's entire are filled with an acoustic attack that even a hip hop fan would find obnoxious. The sound system is poorly conceived and executed and; the musically selections have no particular theme, genre or for that matter rational thought.. . The Cosmo is catering to a clientele that is very young, cheap, doesn't gamble and brings in cases of beer and vodka, orders delivery pizza and will never patronize any of its restaurants.. . Getting a taxi on the side street type main entry is "hit & miss" at best. The bellmen are clueless and have no sense of urgency or service. When departing yesterday (Sunday, 04.15.2012) several other guest waiting in a line of 90-100 people ignored the bellman's suggested cost for a town car and negotiated with the driver directly at a far better price per person to the airport. Because there were NO taxis' and the trickle of taxis coming to the Cosmo is insufficient to provide nominally marginal service to Cosmo guests.. . I will never stay at the Cosmopolitan again. No value, no fun, no food worth eating, no service, no courtesy, no ambiance and no redeemable value as a hotel, resort or casino. Save your money, sleep on the street or at Blair House, it's cleaner..  . Unique Qualities: There are none. You pay too much, for nothing.
I wished they had 0 stars because this place doesn't even deserve a 1 . Thanks for ruinin my big 2-1 . Checkin was a bit slow and they told us that we don't get a deal for marquee even though we stayed there btw it was a lie cause I got in for free. . Stayed at the wraparound suite and yeah it was pretty but everything was dusty . The bath I wouldn't even want to dip my feet in there. So got to the room the remote control for the television hardly even worked . Checked the fridge and there was already a yoohoo gone. The dining table was sticky it looked like someone threw up in the bathroom area. . For the whole weekend I had the do not disturb sign out and on Saturday they came in anyways talk about rude and invasion of privacy. . Their plumbing sucks too.. I peed.. wiped my down there ...flushed once and it clogged... Seriously? I peed and it clogged . After we called for the plumber to come they fixed it after 30 minutes. . During check out guess what? They charged us $250 for damages.. Really? Come on your a resort in Vegas and youre going to charge $250 for using a plunger I could've just paid $2.00 for my own plunger at cvs not only that they charged 56. Something for using the minibarand i did not remove anything or touched it . . After calling the Lobby a guy supervisor said that they wouldn't charge for the minibar and that the housekeeping supervisor would come and check for the damages . . After coming the supervisor said everything was clear and that she would call and tell them not to charge . . So.. I thought I wasn't going to be chafed anything and saw $250 on my transaction and the next day $56 on it they didnt even take anything off. . After calling many times I finally got through . The first time I called they told me that it was because we damaged something . I told them that the housekeeping supervisor called them that it was clear they told me that they didn't receive a call which angered me they forwarded the call to the person who made the report and they didn't pick up (not a surprise) I left a voicemail to tell them to call me back never got a call back (a week later still no call) . yeah called again and now they tell me that it was a housekeeping charge really now who has ever gotten charged for house keeping when you had a do not disturb sign out -.-. Kept fighting and they told me that they were going to get to supervisor which would call on Friday and still no call. This is some bs charging me 300+ and ignoring and also making different charges and so far I still have the charges . And yes they still didn't call me back time to call the AGAIN -.-. . . This is a warning don't ever come to this resort. . and just repeating thanks... for ruing my 21st birthday
Let me start out by saying that I purchased a VIP package through the Cosmo: $4K for 2 nights in a wrap-around suite overlooking the Florence & the Machine concert, 8 add'l concert tickets, & a Steamer Trunk.  We got one add'l day @ $350.  This was for my husband's 30th and I wanted everything to be perfect.. . I had many email conversations with Kendall in the VIP dept, who was super helpful.  At one point, the Cosmo double-charged my card, and she was able to get everything straightened out, although it took about 2 weeks.  I asked her about cabana reservations too late, and we couldn't get one at the Blvd pool for $750, so I settled for one at the Bamboo pool for $1K.  The day before we got there, I got a call from Shelly confirming my reservation, who was also very helpful.  She informed me we would have a direct VIP contact when we checked in that could help with whatever we needed during our stay, but that her & Kendall would also be available if anything went wrong.  I told her my friend would be checking in early and setting up our room.  Shelly said everything would be ready by 10 so my friend could arrive any time after that and everything would be fine.  She suggested that the Steamer Trunk be delivered before we checked in for the "wow" factor.  I went with it.. . Then we arrive in Las Vegas.... . I call my friend to see how the room is.  She arrived at 12 &still had not been let into the room by 2:30.  The VIP concierge kept saying the room wasn't ready, and then ended up giving us a room that was not our room.  It was several floors higher &barely had a view of the concert.  The Steamer Trunk was not delivered before we arrived.  Not only were we pissed about having to wait for the room, we also did not have any booze to drink.. . I called my so-called go-to people, Kendall and Shelly, and neither answered, nor did I ever get a call back.  I ended up speaking with David, who understood why'd I would be so pissed off, and promised me the trunk would be send "right up."  Haha, "right up,"  you don't know how many times I heard those words this weekend?  He informed me that the concert tickets, which I had expected to be in the room, would be available at will call the night of the concert and told me he could be my direct contact during my stay.  About AN HOUR AND A HALF, the Steamer Trunk was delivered, minus a bottle of champagne.  I guess they thought we weren't celebrating?!?. . Later that evening, I get a call confirming my reservation at the Bvd pool and the woman informed me that the pool would be drained because of the concert.  #1) my reservation was at the Bamboo pool.  #2) why are they selling cabanas at a pool with no water?. . Sat. morning, I call the front desk because we have a cabana reservation @ 9 but the pool opens @ 8.  They inform me that the 9 time was incorrect, and that the pools now open @ 8.  I get down there right at 8 to make sure we get the cabana and a few chairs near the pool.  The guy, who must have been LOADED, just kind of stood there when I told him we had a cabana reservation, like he couldn't understand what I was saying.  Then another guy at the stand tells me I can come back in 15 minutes & he'll let me know which cabana is ours.  I come back in 15 minutes, then in 25, 35, 45, 55...  Finally @ 9:15 they let me have my cabana and tell me a waitress would be "right out."  @ 10:30 the waitress comes by.  We had about 6 different waiters/waitresses the 6 or so hours we were at the pool.  Nobody knew how to turn the fan on, the TV didn't work, and it took on average 45 minutes for your drinks to arrive & an hour 15 minutes for food to come.. . We leave the Cosmo for dinner/drinks and I call and request housekeeping to come up and clean the room.  We were gone for about 4 hours and when we came back, lo & behold the room was exactly as we left it.. . We were running a little bit late so we started watching some of the concert from our room, even though it was too high up to see anything.  During a song we weren't huge fans of, we head down to the concert on fl. 4.  Only you can't get off on fl. 4!  Did I mention I spent $4,000 to have this room because of the concert?  We never found will call because we couldn't even get to the floor to get to will call.  We went back up to the room and finished watching the show completely angry by this point because of the waste of money.. . Sunday morning most of our party left and my hubby and I wanted some alone time.  We left the room @ 10 and put the "Please Clean" sign on the door.  We got back to the room @ 2 and the room hadn't been clean.  By this point it was almost comical.  We left the sign up and started taking showers.  Housekeeping ended up coming @ 5:30, while I was in the shower, so they wouldn't even clean.. . Needless to say, I will NEVER stay at the Cosmo ever again.  Worst service EVER!  Even if you get a VIP package, do not expect any type of service.  I've stayed at 2 star resorts with better service!
Winning at Bellagio....Exciting! Seeing Whoopi Goldberg at Treasure Island....Entertaining! Getting whizzed on by a drunk patron at the way overated Cosmopolitan...Priceless. Seriously, the Cosmopolitan is overpriced, over rated, disappointing, noisy, crowded, dirty. But, then again, if you are twentysomething, perhaps you will like it.  Think spring break from college if you remember  .  from your college days. Stay next door at Bellagio.
Just talking about this place makes me angry. . Listen I'm all about customer service and being honest. -here's my short story . . Arrived 9am - to hotel- group of bridemaids. . Reserved room weeks ago . Went to their so called "VIP" room- we were lied to all day. We wasted an entire day there. Left the hotel at 7pm half the girls in tears from the awful experience. Bride in tears. They made us walk to 3 different rooms that were not available. They had over booked and instead of saving us time they kept lieing to us. . . I spit the ground it's built on. . . Left to Wynn the hotel of only -Yess"es
If there were a way to do a -1 star I would.  We were guests at this hotel this previous weekend and I would have to say this was one of the worst experiences I've had in Las Vegas.  This hotel has no concept of customer service.  From check in to the bars and restaurants, the customer service is slow and the staff treats you like you're a complete inconvenience to their day.  There was an incident that happened where their security harassed two of the ladies in our group, mistaking them for "call girls" and instead of dealing with this in a professional and considerate manner by simply asking the ladies to produce room keys, they embarrassed them in front of the friends they were speaking with and continued to harass them.  When TWO complaints were filed (one with Connie at the front desk and another with the manager who had the second shift at the front desk) we were assured that they would follow up with us on the incident....NO RESPONSE!!!. This behavior is completely unacceptable.  Obviously the Cosmopolitan feels that their trendy popularity excuses them from employing courteous staff and responsible people that hold their employees accountable for horrendous customer service.  I DO NOT recommend staying at this hotel.  Spend your money where customer service is understood and where your guests will NOT get harassed by their staff.
Booked a wrap around suite 3 months in advance but they gave us a call a ONE day before stating that they overbooked our room...so they ended up downgraded our room without refunding the difference for the room and instead they offered a $200 food and beverage credit when the difference in price of the two room a night is $200! never ever booking at cosmo....now were stuck because of everyone else is booked...TERRIBLE never ever doing business with cosmo
The Cosmopolitan only cares about making money! Their customer service is horrible! If I hadn't had an issue I'm sure I'd think this hotel was awesome, but it was once I needed the service of the staff that I realized the only thing this hotel had to offer was it's looks. . . I had an issue with booking a cabana. They tried to charge me 3x more than they originally quoted me within the same phone call and I was literally told, "Ma'am, if you don't book at this price we can just offer the cabana to someone else who will.". . While at the pool, I witnessed a waitress agree to waiting on a group of males without them paying for a cabana in exchange for a 40% tip while the people in the cabana next to them complained because they had to spend a minimum of $3,000 for their cabana.. . Also, 2 lights were out in our room and we continuously called for maintenance only to end our trip without ever getting it fixed because no one showed up!. . They pride themselves on having Marquee Nightclub in their hotel and yet when an issue arose at the nightclub, suddenly they describe it as "a separate entity." A friend of mine had an issue at the Marquee and no one there cared to help her. So we called the hotel asking what the protocol was for dealing with situations like that which we had just experienced. The manager of The Cosmopolitan who I spoke to said, "I'm sorry you had an unpleasant experience. That's all. What? Are you expecting me to give you a free room for the weekend to make it better? Because I'm not gonna do that!" Mind you, I never asked for that. I guess she just got defensive because she couldn't answer my question.. . Everyone is rude and had their own agenda. I'd rather stay at a hotel that has style AND OFFERS GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. A cool looking hotel does not make up for horrible service. I WOULD NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.
Not living up to the expectations of a 5-star hotel. The rooms are dirty: 1) couches and carpets stained and not cleaned, 2) soap scum and other strange dirt on walls from prior guests in bathrooms, 3) surfaces not dusted, including TV remote, 4) trash from prior guests not cleaned away, 5) TV wasn't working in room #1, phone not working in room #2, the list goes on. Rooms are cool looking with nice views, food is good and the pools are great, too but the cleanliness is a major issue, especially for room rates of $400+/night. I recommend going to the Wynn for a much better experience...
USED CONDOM found in the room upon arrival!! Enough said!. . Cons:. This place has bad customer service. We were told that we could check in early if we arrived before noon. We arrived at 11:30am and ended up having to wait for 4 hrs. The receptionist convinced us to pay an additional $100 for a room with a pull out bed, which we never received. We were handed our room key and then the receptionist walked away without telling us how to get to our room. We ended up going to the wrong tower until someone directed us in the right way. We arrived in our room and found a used condom inside. The bathroom didn't seem clean. We called management and it took another 2 hrs to change our room. When we got in the new room, we realized it was a different room than what we paid for. Housecleaning sucked. Our second room we found candy in the floor. Place seems dirty. We spoke to the manager and asked for them to take off the extra $100 fee since we got the wrong room. Also, we requested a $50 room service comp, which doesn't justify the bad service and dirtiness of this place.. . Also, we brought food considering our room came with a microwave and dishwasher. We even called and asked the day before if we could bring a cooler in to carry our food. We started walking into our hotel a very rude security guard got really close to my face and said they don't allow outside food. Why the hell do they have a microwave, dishwasher in the room then! It makes no sense to me at all. Our food all ended up going bad, what a waste!. . The crowd is the "Jersey shore" type and kind of trashy. It doesn't seem to be catering to the high-end luxurious crowd. A lot of bachelor and bachelorette parties with 10+ ppl in their rooms, which is how they can afford to stay here. In the room next to us, they had 15 ppl in their room.. . Theylie about the # of floors. You will notice floors in the 40s are missing and you will jump from the 4th floor to the 15th to the 30th. The bamboo pool is supposedly on the 14th floor, but it's more on the 6th. Place is just a bunch of lies and deceiving jokes.. . Pros:. The bamboo pool was nice. Marquee is a cool club when it's not overly crowded and doesn't have creepy guys breathing down your neck. . . The design was cool, but not as cool as some other hotels I have seen. . . Next time I will go to the Wynn or Venetian.
Im going to apologize for this long review now but believe me youre going to want to know the depth of this one star yelp.. In October 2010 i started planning my 40th bday to be celebrated on June 18 2011. I chose the wrap around suite at the cosmopolitan on the 30 something floor. yes the cosmo is beautiful, on the outside...but what unfolded  after that was so ugly, just like their staff and incompetence to hold reservations.  everything was set to go, i had 40 people meeting me in Vegas to party at the wrap around suite, a block of rooms were booked for friends as well.  i get their on June 17the to check in and they tell me my room is NOT ready. ok i can live with that, it happens.  and after waiting 2 hours we were able take possession of the adjoining room to the suite.  so we lugged all our luggage with a bellman to the adjoined room. then we waited another hour.  after that we went down to the reservation area to find out that they were NOT going to give me that suite.  the reason?: they said and i quote..."the person in that room from last night is a high roller and he lost a large amount of money, he is not ready to leave bc he wants to win his $ back". really?? wow, now i really feel like a pion, thanks Cosmo. They wanted to give me a regular room...i refused. then they wanted to give me the wraparound on the 17th floor. well i did my research and knew that that floor wraparound is obstructed view (from the Bellagio sign)...so i refused. after spending several hours wasted of my vacation time and countless moves with the bellman (plus tipping) i finally got a wrap around on the 23rd floor with the adjoined room. with the block of rooms now null and void. Guess the event planner we were working with was not such an event planner after all. The cosmo decided on good faith to ask us back on a "Recovery" visit. With the promise of the exact same set up as my bday room( wraparound 30th floor with joiner and $200 food and beverage credit) So here we are almost exactly one year later and we get to the Cosmo and the same exact scenario starts to unfold again. We brought friends with us with the promise of a wrap around suite and adjoining room. what we got was 2 separate regular rooms. WHY? well apparently the Cosmo is Punking Me. they again told me a reservation is not a guarantee...really? last time i checked thats why you make a reseration and c/c hold.  this was supposed to be a recovery visit not a "Repeat" visit!!!!  the cosmo has a lot to learn when it comes to reservations, and hospitality.  apparently if you dont exude MONEY, you get treated like a piece of dog crap!!! it is sad but a reality. im not asking for a lot only what I paid for and was promised. i dont think that is a lot to ask for in the hotel and hospitality world. the cosmo staff is HORRIBLE, their bartenders are snotty, the Marquee is CHEESY and the restaurants are over priced. It's pretty on the outside proving that beauty is within.  The Beauty of this trip is we were invited back on a 2nd recovery visit due to their incompetence...and i told my husband i will NEVER EVER go back to this place based on how i was treated even if i was paid to stay there...and basically we are being paid to stay there.
NICE TO VISIT...NIGHTMARE TO STAY. . After my best friend's bachelorette group was told our room was not ready almost 2 hrs AFTER check-in...we amused ourselves at the bar for another 2 hours until we finally got into our Wraparound Terrace Suite  - luckily we were all in good spirits and happy to start off our wonderful weekend in this glam hotel.. . After I pulled back the drapes to gasp in pleasure at the "panoramic views of the Vegas skyline" that we have been anticipating for months..watching hundreds of youtube videos and oogling the video gallery on the website...I choked on whatever good spirits I had just consumed as I stared at a full wall on one side and some rooftop of a parking structure with the freeway on the other side of this "expansive wraparound private terrace." . . Never mind that we upgraded from the regular terrace suite just for this wraparound terrace and its views...never mind that when we booked the room and requested for the "best view" we were told that ALL the Wraparound Terrace Suites have the best views. Never mind that "this suite boasts a sleek, modern kitchen featuring sycamore cabinetry with a sub-zero refrigerator, microwave and stove" but NO plates, NO eating utensils, NO cups? Were we suppose to pack our own coffee maker, too?!? Never mind that we didn't have a trash can in our bathroom or in the kitchen. They weren't kidding when they say this suite has "amenities not found in your typical Las Vegas hotel room." Never mind that we were ensured to be moved out of this excuse of a janitor's closet and into a better room the next day..then told no by a manager the next morning and that we should have never been promised that.. . What really got me is when the bride-to-be, my best friend, spoke with this manager and expressed to him how disappointed she was because of all-of-the-above...his response was "So what are you really complaining about?" . Cosmopolitan..if you can't accommodate guests efficiently on a regular weekend, if you can't provide what is advertised through your website/staff, and if you can't hire management that actually care and respect those who walk through your door...SHAME ON YOU AND SHUT IT DOWN!!! . . ADVICE...DO NOT STAY IN THE WRAPAROUND TERRACE SUITE 1889 EASTSIDE TOWERS just for the "panoramic views of the Vegas skyline" ...THERE IS NONE.
Walked in for a drink and look see.  Went to a bar which was populated with 20 something want-to-bes.  The stench of fish permeated the air.  I ordered a dirty martini which came disguised a vodka on the rocks.  One of the patrons knocked his beer on the floor which broke in a million pieces and all over my dress. The bartender didn't even offer a napkin as she looked the other way.  Ok if you like rude staff and being surrounded by Kim Kardashianesque posers
Do yourself a favor and don't stay here. The preponderance of incompetence at The Cosmopolitan is amazing--a very disappointing experience.. . . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. Oh, the mistakes, let me count the ways:. . 1. Room was not available on check-in. The desk clerk refused to give an estimate on when it would be ready, but promised a text message.. . 2. There was no text message when the room was ready. Eventually, we checked back at the front desk, and they said it was ready. (Much later that night, finally the text came.). . 3. They gave us the wrong room type, with no warning.. . 4. Ichabod at the front desk was very RUDE.  When we asked about the wrong room type, he tried to convince us that we really wanted the room they gave us. There was NO APOLOGY at all. He was DISHONEST about it. He said that the room we got was bigger (it's smaller) and more money (it's the same price). I told him he was wrong, as I was looking at their website on the web browser at the front desk, which had the room dimensions and prices. He implied that there was something wrong with us for wanting the room that we reserved. He said that he always stays in that style room. Hesaid that he has never had anyone be unhappy with that room. The room we wanted was all booked up. (Apparently, everyone else thought the room we wanted was better too.) Terrible customer service. No excuse. If I order a chocolate shake, and the waiter brings me strawberry by mistake, he shouldn't try to sell me on the merits of the strawberry shake.. . --The Cosmopolitan could have just told us from the start that they had to switch our room type and apologized.--. . . 5. The bell desk took about 45 min to bring up our bags. We had to call twice, because they did not come after 30 min.. . 6. Several of the light switches in the room did not work. There were lights that we couldn't turn off or couldn't dim.. . 7. The TV remote was dying.. . 8. Room service: the crackers and flatbread were missing from our cheese plate.. . 9. White stains on the couch. (Hmm. . .Where's Catherine Willows with the UV light?). . 10. What is with the lack of trash cans?? And no coffeemaker. . .You might as well pretend that the kitchenette does not exist, especially since no outside food or drink is allowed. It is an illusion.. . 11. Poorly designed shower-tub layout (in the "terrace one bedroom"): The shower looks awfully pretty, but once you're inside, you realize the layout is a bad idea. Because the shower is open on one side, there is nothing to contain the warm, steamy air. The open side connects to the tub, which is open to the bed area and the whole unit. Outside that stream of water is nothing but air conditioning, which feels great when you're dry, but not so much when you're wet. Whatever side of you not facing the water gets cold fast.. . I'm not super enthusiastic about the "Japanese soaking tub" either. It's a small, square tub with two benches on opposing corners. When I sat on one of the benches, the water came to about. . .my belly button. . . and I'm only 5'4" tall.  . . 12. The in-room TV checkout is useless, because the bill was not itemized. It combined all of the food and beverage charges as one line.. . 13. The kiosk for airline flight check-in didn't work.. . 14. There were erroneous charges for the mini-bar. Some were for items that were already missing when we arrived. Others were for items not missing at all. The desk clerk claims to have removed these charges. We'll see.. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . I'm not upset merely because this is clearly not a world class hotel. I'm upset because I have stayed in several Vegas strip hotels and never faced such rude and poor treatment.. . AVOID The Cosmopolitan--They don't deserve your money. Stay at a hotel that will treat you with respect instead.
HUGE COCKROACH IN BATHROOM OF OUR ROOM!!!! . Let me begin by saying how excited my husband and I were for this trip, and especially to stay at The Cosmopolitan - the newest, hottest hotel on the strip. We've stayed at 5 different other 5 star hotels so far in previous visits, but were sure this one looked even better. We've had this trip planned for over a year and met friends out there whom we hadn't seen for just as long. We arrived Thursday night, and were immediately blown away by the lobby. We looked at each other as we stood in line to to check-in, "Oh yes, this has got to be the nicest hotel built in Vegas yet." Excitedly we went up to our room in the East tower. I found it cute when the woman who checked us in said, "I put you guys in the East tower because it looks like you want to have fun." We rode up to the 22nd floor - headed to room 2288. The 1 bedroom suite was seemingly a dream suite for a 4 night stay in Vegas! Spacious with a jacuzzi overlooking our balcony, and a good sized kitchen area! I took pictures and proudly showed off where we were staying on facebook right away - with the caption "By far the best rooms in Vegas to stay in - better than Encore even!" We quickly unpacked all of our things into the drawers of the bathroom, and hung all of our nice clothing. We had already grabbed drinks and snacks from Walgreens across the street, so our little mini fridge was set to go as well. We were settled in nicely, waiting for our friends to arrive from across the country. Now is where the tables turned fast about this place. I opened the door to the toilet (small room that is sectioned off from the bathroom), and had already started to crouch and sit my behind down when there it was - fast and bright copper, about the size of the width of a credit card, was a COCKROACH - right on top of the toilet, crawling on the spare roll that the hotel has wrapped in blue silk. I've never jumped and screamed so fast in my life out of that room, straight onto the couch where my hands met my face in immediate tears. My husband looked at me in horror asking what happened. I told him in panic as I checked my skin over and over for creepy crawlers. He went and checked, (admitted to not believing me when I first said it to him), and came out smiling , "Wow you're right. And he's a big boy too." The first thing he did was get a good picture of it too. I screamed at him in more tears, "It's not funny!! Grab all of our stuff right now! We need to leave!"He told me to calm down and call the front desk. I did just that, and a woman answered. I hurriedly told her what we just found in our room, and her immediate calm response was, "Oh alright, would you like me to put in an order to maintenance, to have someone come up there and get it for you?" !!!!! "Excuse me?!! Get a maintenance guy is your response to this?! YES! & while we pack all of our stuff up, we cannot stay here! What can you do about this ma'am? I am horrified!" in more tears. "I'm sorry but we're fully booked, it's a holiday weekend." I immediately demanded a manager, knowing I'm bound to get some sort of immediate solution and/or relief from whoever was to pick up the phone next. As a business owner myself, and manager, I would be furious with an employee who took such a coy approach to the disaster unfolding. Jeff, the night manager gets on the phone. I quickly get him up to speed, although I soon realize he was already prepared with what he said next. It was at least 3 minutes before I was put through to him, which felt like an eternity as I'm standing there, scratching my legs, arms and my eyes are scanning every inch of the room. He immediately takes the "friend" approach with me and asks if it's ok to call me by my first name. "Rochelle, what would you like us to do about it? Don't worry, she already put in the order for it to be removed from your room. I don't know how long it will be though, we are very busy. I realize this is an unpleasant thing to find in your room, but I really can't move you anywhere else. We're booked solid, I'm sorry." In horror, and almost a squeal I said "JEFF, maybe you didn't hear me correctly, but I FOUND A MASSIVE COCKROACH in my room that I paid a lot of money for!! This is a 5 star hotel that I booked based off of great reviews and reputation. This is not OK, and whether there is an infestation of roaches on this floor or just one, its enough to make my skin crawl and feel absolutely filthy and paranoid obviously. I cannot stay here, especially not in this room or floor for that matter. Put yourself in my shoes! " Manager Jeff continues, "I understand they're not a fun bug to look at, but I can assure you the whole time I've worked here no ones found one. They're like the moths that fly in guests' rooms sometimes, sometimes they're there. Nothing you can do but get used to the idea that you might find one from time to time. Hey Rochelle, I'm from Florida - they are everywhere there and it's the norm. He Chuckled.
This review is only for the hotel customer service. Whenever I go to Vegas I always stay at Trump to avoid all the regular Vegas noise, cigarette smell, parking issues etc... but this time I got an offer from Cosmopolitan and Google Offers for LUCKYRICE Night Market at The Cosmopolitan. (one night stay - with possible room upgrade + luckyrice VIP tickets for 2). . I purchased the offer through Google and contacted the Cosmopolitan Lifestyle and Entertainment department (702-698-7129 & 702-698-7131) and nobody ever answered the phone. I left messages and nobody called me back in 5 days. Finally I called the regular reservations hotline, I spoke with the representative who wasn't helpful at all, didn't even know there is a LUCKYRICE event that weekend, spoke with her supervisor and at the end told me to call Google (?!).. . The event is on Saturday and everything looked so shady and unprofessional that I just cancelled everything, requested a refund and unfortunately feeling very disappointed willskip the event. I'd rather stay somewhere where people actually care about their guests
We had such an AWFUL experience! Cosmo gets no star from me but Yelp makes you give a star.. . My fiance and I got a wraparound suite for a weekend as we were celebrating our bachelor collaboration party with our friends. . . When we arrived at the Cosmo to check in, the front desk said our suite wasn't ready. It was 215pm when we arrived. No big deal, we grabbed a bite to eat to kill time. . . To our dismay we waited til 445pm before our suite was ready. . . The suite was GORGEOUS but was disappointed to be on the 18th floor with NO VIEW OF VEGAS.  Our view instead, we're of pipes, fans and the roof of the east tower. All throughout the windows we were looking at the roof of the east tower. It was ugly. I dont know why they have suites on the 18th floor overlooking the roof. We paid over a 1K for the suite and was disappointed. . I complained to the front desk and asked for a higher floor, they said they couldn't accommodate my request as all their suites were booked. . I asked if I could switch for the next night, the guest service mgr said he'll try. . . My fiance and group of friends proceeded to hang out at the hotel and party at club Marquee. . We mentioned to the club host that we're guests of the hotel hoping to get in the club for free at least discounted. But no, they were charging $80 per person as some DJ from Europe was spinning that nite...and it didn't matter if I was a hotel guest. Of course, we didn't go to Marquee. . We ended up at some club in Aria, ladies were free and the guys paid $25 each. . . The next day we did some gambling and one of our friends won $3500 at the blackjack table. He asked the host if he could get a comped room, he was denied. Then he asked for a domed dinner, they denied him. . . All other Casino's in vegas comps winners either a room or a meal based on my past experiences. Cosmopolitan Hotel are snooty. . . As nice as this hotel is, we were very disappointed with how we were treated. . Their customer service sucks!. . Refuse to stay on the 18th floor....
We arrived at 5:00 pm to check-in and were told by the front desk agent that our room wasn't ready yet and that they couldn't give us an estimate of when it would be. The hotel's check-in time is 3:00 pm. In order to compensate us, they gave us a $150 discretionary account to use on whatever we wanted in the hotel as well as an upgrade from our terrace suite to a wraparound suite. We believed this was more than fair and were perfectly happy to wait until our upgraded room was ready. When we were notified that it was, we checked in and the agent confirmed with us the $150 account.. . After a lovely Saturday night of enjoying the admittedly beautiful view provided by our upgraded room and the drinks from the bar paid for by the $150 discretionary account, we cleaned up and checked out at 12:00 noon. . . The front desk agent told us that we would be charged $94 for incidental expenses beyond what was provided by the hotel. We knew that it was highly unlikely for us to have spent that much money that night, and asked for a receipt accordingly. The agent pulled it up and told us that the hotel had originally given us $50, not the $150 figure which we had been told - twice! After I corrected her, she brought in the front desk manager, David Bayley, who told us that he couldn't do anything and that we'd have to wait until 5:00 pm for yesterday's front desk manager to arrive so that she could sort out the issue.. . After coming back at 5:30, we asked a front desk agent, Kira, if we could speak to yesterday's front desk manager. She said that yesterday's manager wasn't there and that we should talk to her instead. What followed from Kira was an extremely condescending if superficially pleasant treatment of us, implying that we were lucky enough to have been upgraded to a different room and that we should have been happy with what we received. Eventually, she deigned to give us an additional $50 comp credit out of "good will", but refused to do anything else, telling us that she'd ask the original agent we received the $150 credit from later to verify our story and that she'd follow up with us via email.. . We, of course, were profoundly skeptical that anything would be resolved over email and asked to speak again to the manager, David. After Kira briefed David about our complaint, he came out to tell us, essentially, to leave the hotel and be happy with what we already received. Only after requesting to speak to David's superior did he finally decide to call the original agent to confirm our story. He told us that the original agent couldn't remember the amount she had compensated us, and that they'd cancel out our balance of $94.. . First of all, this incident shows a stunning lack of integrity by the front desk agents. They had first told us to wait until 5:00 pm for a manager that never showed up, then told us to leave Vegas while they investigated the incident and that they'd follow up via e-mail, and finally that they'd give us a $50 credit out of "good will" - admitting no wrongdoing - and that we should just leave. The entire time, we felt that they were trying to delay and make it as inconvenient for us as possible so that we'd leave without the issue being resolved. Only after threatening to escalate the issue to upper management did the David take any substantive steps to solve the problem.. . Second was the painfully condescending attitude of the front desk. Kira and David seemed to believe that $94 was a great deal of money to us. It wasn't. They didn't understand that our complaint was about the principle that we shouldn't have to pay extra for administrative mistakes made by the staff. They told us that they'd give us a $50 credit to our account out of "good will" with all the smug superiority an aristocrat might throw a dime to a beggar, treating us as though we were simply haggling to get the best deal we could. . . Finally, the whole incident reflects the sheer incompetence of the front desk. Even if they believed that we were lying about the original $150 credit, which certainly was the impression we received, good business sense behooves them to simply cancel out our balance. $94 is nothing compared to the thousands of dollars they're going to forgo via our entire network of friends who will never again stay at the Cosmopolitan. . . At the very end, after they finally canceled out our balance, I asked for Kira and David's business cards so that I knew whose names to mention to the world. David, to his credit, wrote down his name and contact information on a slip of paper. Kira, however, wrote but one word on a slip she handed me - "Kira". No last name, no phone number, no email address. My friends and I couldn't help but laugh at the cowardice she displayed through that simple omission. Anyone decent person doing his or her job competently and with integrity has nothing to hide - unfortunately, Kira seemed to lack both.. . Don't stay at the Cosmo. Your dignity is more important than having a nice view.
Forget about the Cosmo, customer service is AWFUL! . . Go to the Aria! It's just as nice and their staff and services is EXCELLENT!
I flat refuse to step foot in here after my most recent experience with what has to be the most clueless, rudest, most unprofessional, and unethical hotel "management" staff I've ever had the misfortune to meet. I didn't think any group could suck worse than Allegiant Airlines but the Cosmo has elevated Allegiant from the bottom of my most hated Vegas business status. . . My hellish experience started at Secret Pizza and went downhill at The Chandelier while taking an out of town guest here. Again, I FLAT REFUSE TO STEP FOOT IN THIS PROPERTY FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE UNTIL MANAGEMENT GETS A CLUE.. . I'm so mad I've filed complaints with Clark County and several agencies and I will be pursuing it tenaciously.. . Edit: As I've got active complaints going I can't share all the details just yet. Let the system do it's thing and once it's over with I can come back and fill in the gaps. I appreciate those of you who took time to ask me about this.
If i could give this place a 0, I would!. . Long story short, money was stolen from our room and the hotel claims they can't do anything about it. So what's the point of staying at a high end place when they can't even protect their rooms?!?!. . Shadyness under all the fancy crystals in the building...and i've read and heard this happens often.. . I'll stick to Wynn, thank you.
5 star hotel with 1 start service.  Got a handicapped room because we arrived late.  The shower has only curtain and the bathroom was flooded after taking just one shower.  Asked the housekeeping and was told that it was a room for handicapped!!  Called the front desk and wouldn't switch room until next morning.  Finally got room switched at 1:00 am in the morning.  The maid didn't clean up the room thoroughly, and would not provide extra soap.  Would never stay there again.
I would actually like to give this hotel/casino a 0 star rating, but that is not an option.  My experience began when we were given the wrong room, we asked for a room with 2 beds and were given a room with only 1 bed.  We called right away and were told it would be a $10 charge to change rooms.  We then called for laundry service and additional hangers and it took over an hour and 2 phone calls before someone came. We were there for my best friends wedding, so all her family and friends were arriving throughout the week.. Her cousins arrived a day prior and they got there at 8am and were not given a room until 9pm.  Another cousin of hers had a new born with her and upon her check in her husband found 4 pairs of dirty underwear on the couch of their room along with an open bottle of soda in their frig and NOTHING was done for them!. She called for a late cleaning for her room and housekeeping never came...my room took 45 minutes to check in to and when they "cleaned" the room there was garbage still left on the floor.. The overall service was terrible, the staff was SO RUDE everywhere we went...it was like we were an inconvenience to them.  We went to the Bon Bon Bar and all of the bartenders looked like they were mad to be there and their drinks were NOT worth what we paid for them.  Everything we asked for in regards to service was responded to by saying there would be an extra charge.. For the amount of money they charge they should have a higher sense of urgency, staff that don't have an attitude problem, housekeeping that actually clean and management that care when their hotel guests are having a bad experience as we complained and nothing was done or offered.. I have stayed at The Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn, Ceasar Palace and the MGM and have had nothing but great service at all of them.  . I will NEVER go back to The Cosmopolitan and I suggest that you don't go either!
Nice hotel but bad service at Wicked Spoon buffet, very slow service unfriendly staff including line cooks floor staff, for the price service is really bad.
My review just went from 2 stars to 1 star. I emailed to complain about my experience and heard NOTHING. I then emailed AGAIN explaining how upsetting it was that they couldn't even say a simple 'we're sorry'. This place has to be the absolute worst in customer service. Go give another more deserving hotel your money. One that actually cares about its customer base. I have gotten better treatment at Circus Circus.
IF YOU ARE A GAMBLER, GO ELSEWHERE! I wish that I could give this place no stars. I am sure that the hotel rooms are posh, but this place has HORRIBLE customer service. My friend and I signed up for the Club Identity promotion which provides new members with 100 dollars in free play if you lose 100.  Signing up was not fun because the Club Identity rep was incredibly rude and condescending. She kept cutting us off mid sentence. We each lost our hundred fairly quickly, but when we came to redeem the free play, they refused to give it to us because we has not lost enough.  We each started with 100 and played until it was gone. However, according to Club Identity, my friend only lost 95 and I only lost 80.  When we explained that we both started with 100 and lost the full amount, they said that a slot technician would need to verify the losses on each machine we played- we played quite a few. She then asked us if we understood what a net loss was.  Seriously? It's too bad that such a beautiful hotel has such terrible customer service.  I am a Noir player at MGM and was interested in checking out this casino, but I won't be back. In fact, we refused to pay a penny more to get the free play we already should have had. We have been waiting for about 30 minutes now while the slot tech checks every machine. Stick with the MGM chain or Venetian/Palazzo.   Both of these groups understand customer service and treat players like royalty.
The slot tech did confirm that we each lost the required $100 and we were credited with the free play.   We recovered all but $3 of our losses and got the heck out of there.  Although the situation was resolved, it took them almost an hour to do so.  VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR A "HIGH END" PROPERTY.
Beautiful hotel, only the service was horrible, the room was dirty, they charge for everything, and it claims to have the best pool in vegas?  Please!  Upon arriving, I paid for the $50 a night upgrade that gave us a bigger room.  We were placed into a room that was recently cleaned.  However, there were glass shards in the restroom, drug-like substance on a book against the tv, icky stuff on the floor, change that was left on the counter, everything was wet in the room, and there was a nasty white stain on the bench against the bed.  I was astounded!  They did not apologize for the inconvenience, but instead moved us to a room that had no AC!  We were there in July while it was 110 degrees outside.  I called for toilet paper at 6 pm and they said that i had to wait in line, so it did not come for an hour.  I found online that this hotel had the best pool?  It wasbeautiful, but teeny tiny.  There is not enough room for everyone to lay in the "popular pool" there were limited free chairs.  I would not come back or recommend this place to anyone.  Come inside to look around but don't waste your money.
Ahhhh scary not fan a rough crowds but dinning is worth a try!
I literally never yelp about anything, I created an account to warn you all about this place! STAY AWAY!. . I cannot say how disappointed I was with my stay at the Cosmopolitan. I booked it for a bachelorette party and I wish we hadn't. . . First, when we checked in the room that we were given was filthy, the beds were made (which was disturbing) but the carpets had bloodstains,  the bathrooms had NOT been cleaned and there was trash around the room. . . I was then put on hold for 45 minutes before anyone even apologized for the situation, and it was a pathetic apology at that. We had to wait an hour wandering around the hotel, till they gave us another room. . . Thankfully, this room was actually clean and the view was very nice, but it took a total of 3 hours for them to rectify the situation and everyone that we dealt with was RUDE!. . A front desk manager, Chaz, seemed nice and offered use a free bottle of champagne, which was a nice gesture and told us he would take care of any other problems that we had. So when I called down 45 minutes later to see where our bottle of champagne was and I found out that he'd left I was not even surprised. . . Finally, at 8pm (6 hours later) when I was once again on hold, I was finally able to speak to a hotel manager who apologized. . . Anything, that they tried to do to make up for the situation turned out to be a bigger fiasco! Upon looking at my bill they charged me for the champagne!!!!. . It's Monday and I am still on the phone with them trying to figure this out. Currently, on hold. . . STAY AWAY!
This place did guarantee an unrivaled experience as advertised.. Check in was the worst I ve ever encountered in 40 plus years of travel.. Supermarket style check in instead of a next in line set up.. At 5 pm no rooms were ready. I asked if this was true for everyone else checking in and the counter person said yes ,the 3pm check in was only an estimate .but I could get an upgraded room for 100 more a night.. Later I found out that some people upgraded for 75 .they said they would call when the room was ready ,they didn't t so I waited in line again to find out the room was ready.and was told what s the bid deal . You only waited an hour. Other people I spoke to waited for over 5 hours. Totally unacceptable.others had room keys that didn't t world and another friend was given a room with someone in it already.casino ventilation was horrible,casino was smokey.you could hear people in the hall way from your   room. Staff was not friendly at all.. This place needs to get its act together
They have no respect for hotel guests. Full cover at marquee. The penthouse suites room had a broken air conditioner, burnt out lights, and dirty stained carpets. Save your money or use it at another luxury hotel!!
Its gorgeous inside the Cosmopolitan. The rooms are beautiful. I'd really LOVE to love this place. I'd love to fit in.....but I'm a local. . I'm not in Vegas, wearing sky high, "do me" heels. . I'm not trying to get laid.. I'm not a frat boy on spring break. . I'm not a 40-something, wearing entirely too many sequins, trying to pass for a 28 year old. . . I'M A LO-CAL!!!!!! I'm in sweatpants and house shoes...I want to find the buffet and settle down at my favorite slot. . . My tolerance for loud, obnoxious tourists is ridiculously low. This place is the worst of the worst for that! You have been warned.
My girl friend and I walked into Cosmo dressed very nice and were looking to have some breakfast.  We were IMMEDIATELY confronted by security and started getting  questioned on where we were going and if we were hotel guests.  Two other security guards came over close to us while he was asking.  . . My friend asked where the restroom was so he walked us to it.  I didn't feel like this was a nice gesture, it seemed like he was making sure we weren't in there "working" and was about to escort us off the premises.. . We came out of the bathroom and the guards were waiting for us.  I just gave them a look like "don't mess with me!" and we walked off in search of breakfast.  It was obvious that they were contacting other guards via radio.. . We walked around for a few minutes lost but just got so many looks from security and were being followed so we gave up and decided to leave.  We were completely over it.. . Just because two girls are dressed nice early in the morning doesn't mean they're prostitutes!  I was very offended and will not be returning.
My husband and I were so disappointed in our recent stay at this hotel.. We checked in on 11/5/12 into a "Wrap a-round terrrace suite on the 65th floor. Initially we were happily surprised with the suite itself, as it is tastefully decorated and has great amenities such as a full kitchen and even a washer and dryer.. Unfortunately the other reviews we read on "Trip Advisor" were right on point when they talked about lack of service and how beat up the rooms/furniture look for being such a new hotel.. Examples:. 1. had to call 3x and wait an hour for a crib to be delivered- even though I called 3x the week prior to our stay to ensure the crib was ready upon check in. 2. called 2x for dishwasher detergent, was told it was out of stock...then delivered 10min later- apparently the staff who decided to tell us it was out of stock didn't communicate it to the person who kindly delivered it to our room. 3. We had a FULL kitchen but not a dish in sight...it is a $50 fee/day to use dishes, plus someone has to drop them off and inventory them, then pick them up and inventory them (about 2hr process)- What's the point of a kitchen??. 4. Carpets were DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!! I had to ask for them to be vacuumed on the 2nd day, apparently this isn't part of regular housekeeping?!? (I attached pictures). 5. The wrap around terrace that was the selling point of the room was not cleaned prior to our arrival, there were trash (pizza boxes, cigarettes, beer bottles) left over from the previous occupants. . I am deeply disappointed in the managements lack of attention to detail, hopefully this can be resolved soon.
doing another review...
My stay was enjoyable but I was charged $200 for using the mini bar even though I did not use one item.  They told me after I noticed the charge on my credit card statement that I can get charged for moving a beverage or storing my own stuff in the fridge. I have left messages with Accounting dept. and they have not called back.  I have not been able to resolve this.  This is a scam and most likely criminal.
I love the Cosmopolitan!  Every facet of the place exudes cool, class, elegance, and sexiness.  The guest rooms are among the nicest, most modern, and well appointed to be found in Vegas.  The restaurants are first-rate.  The Vesper, the Chandelier, and Bond are exemplary bars manned by friendly, extremely skilled bartenders crafting some truly inspired cocktails which are the best on the Strip.  There are plenty of blackjack and craps tables.  The dealers are personable and professional.  The cocktail waitresses taking care of gamblers are attractive and attentive.  The resort staff, from the reps at the registration desk to housekeeping, is professional and proficient.  The Cosmopolitan would be my first choice to stay and play every time I'm in Vegas.. . So, you may ask, why the 1-star review?  Carol W and I went to Vegas for Thanksgiving staying from Mon to Sat.  Our respective families joined us there and were also staying at the Cosmo.  Midweek stays tend to be less busy in Vegas and the week of Thanksgiving is an extremely low period for Vegas tourism.  As such, I called to speak to a casino host to see if I could get a better room rate than was being offered online on the Cosmo website or through Expedia/Travelocity/Orbitz/etc.  We do the overwhelming majority of our gambling as well as eating and drinking at the place we stay in Vegas.  The host I spoke with (who shall remain nameless) offered to COMP our stay...NOT simply offer us the casino rate for the room, which was $150/night Mon-Thurs and $245 for Fri night for our Terrace Studio room.  I fully understood that this comped room would require me to gamble at a certain level of play throughout our stay (although the host did not state what this amount would be).  While I had multiple offers from other Vegas properties for comped or deeply discounted rates (much deeper than the Cosmo's rate), we decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan.  However upon our arrival, we discovered our room was being charged at the casino rate NOT comped.  I attempted to contact the host that I'd spoken to on multiple occasions without success to get the discrepancy resolved.  At the end of our stay when it came time for us to checkout, I was told that the host would review my play and comp me accordingly, crediting it back to my credit card, if I'd earned it.  This was NOT the agreed upon arrangement that I thought we'd made prior to deciding to stay at the Cosmo.  Next time (not that the Cosmo will see a next time from me), I'll get it in writing.  The total amount for our stay ($966), while not inexpensive, certainly was manageable. . . I'm not a high roller; I never claimed to be one!  I never asked to be comped for our entire stay.  If you couldn't comp my entire stay since I hadn't established a history of play at your property, then you should've said so before I committed to staying at your property.  If you could only offer me the casino rate, then you should've said so before I committed to staying at your property.  I would've stayed somewhere else and saved myself the money I spent for a room that I spent very little time in!  However, most important to me, it's simply a matter of principle.  If you make me an offer to comp my stay, you should live up to it.  We both know that you would've made your money back from me and then some!  Your actions showed me how much you value my business.  . . I'm not holding my breath expecting to get any part of my stay credited back to me.  Cosmopolitan, even though I do love you, I do know how to quit you.  You'll never see me in one of your guest rooms or at one of your tables or machines again.  It's a matter of principle.
I was charged $ 88 for something that I never used....$22 for vesper bar which I never visited and remaining for mini bar that I did not use !. . If I wouldnt have checked my credit card statement, I would have been a victim of this fraud....dont know how many others have already been a prey to this fraud. . Finallly when i talked to the representative, she said it will take 7 days to revert the order !! and when asked to transfer to her supervisor she just kept me on hold forever....worst customer service ever
Went to Bond bar and lounge and the bartender that looked like Pitbull wouldn't serve my cousin because he had an international ID. Wow I didn't know that TSA ran the cosmopolitan. This place discriminates go to Hyde instead.
Came here for Christmas and boy does this hotel need some crash course on staff management. I understand that Christmas was a busy week but having guests wait 50 minutes for bell service? Or having their valet so full that hotel guests need to wait 25 minutes in the valet lane before leaving their cars? Me thinks not! . . While most advertising material show cases tablet control of lighting and electronics in the room, some rooms are not tablet controlled. The arrangement seems to be random that guests have no control over which room gets tablet control and which does not. The hotel also needs a better ventilation system for air... Every corner seems to lack fresh air... Lastly, while playing at the poker tables, it seemed that they only had one waitress serving 50 different tables. I waited 30 minutes before she came to take my drink order.... . There is one pro about Cosmo though.. they have very decent restaurants. Comme Ca and Scarpetta are my favorites!
I would have given them "0" star but that's NOT an option.. . My girlfriends and I came here for a little Cali getaway and we were sooo excited to finally stay at this upscale establishment.  We finally checked in and upon arrival to our room we were very disappointed with the interior of the room.  Here's to name a few:. broken lamp, leftover hair tie from previous customer, leaky toilet, 2 soiled towels with holes all over, no "please do not disturb" plaque for the door, and poor lighting (dead light bulbs) . So, we went downstairs to talk to "Kevin" at the front desk. We were NOT received with a warm welcome at all.  He didn't even greet us with a "hello, how may I help you?" He seemed preoccupied & that we were "taking up his precious time" kinda attitude.  So, I presented him with the list of things that was wrong with the room.  I shared with him that I don't want to be charged for the broken lamp so please notate my account.  He apologized and simply offered us a credit of $100 to be used anywhere in the hotel.  $100 at the Cosmo doesn't get you anywhere since alcoholic drinks are $15-$20 and coffee is $7-$9.  So I requested to be moved to another room, in which he denied my request.  I didn't want to press any further since we were there to celebrate.    . . At 3:30am.....we were woken up by the sound of loud drilling noises from the level above us.  I called down and spoke with a front-desk manager and he graciously comped us for our 2nd night. However, the drilling didn't stop until 4:30am.  We couldn't believe one of the newest multi-million dollar establishment would be drilling in the middle of the night during a "on season" time. SMH...or did they give us a "cheap, leftover room" in which lots of hotels do since I'm a Marriott Gold Member customer where I get my room discounted for being a loyal client of their chain.  You think it would be the reverse however, in this situation it wasn't. The next day, upon our departure we were woken by 3 different people before 9am. The reason for the constant barrage of people is because we never got our "do not disturb" plaque.  So "Kevin" never followed up on my original complaints. Worst of all, we were then given 2 more soiled towels with holes in them as well!!! Then, at 9:58am the head maid came to confront us about the uncleanliness compliant that we made. So, this was the straw that broke the camel's back. We went to the front desk to voice our concerns.  We requested for a manager and we were brushed off as they claimed that she's in a meeting and we were urged to email her, here her business card.  What??!!!! A multi-million dollar hotel's manager refused to come out to remedy a customer's concerns. So, lesson learned from the previous day we refused to leave until she came out. Then, I brought up the situation about the maid coming to our room to confront us, that's when the manager decided to come out of her hiding.  With her British accent (Elaine),  she apologized for our inconveniences and agreed to comp one extra day.  The whole experience left such a horrific feeling that we were unable to enjoy our stay.  They completely ruined our whole vacation since we spent a good 3 hrs trying to remedy the problem.  Beware....the Cosmo might look appealing on the exterior but the interior is so worn down, unkept rooms, filthy towels, mismanaged, unprofessional, unethical, and just down right "SHADY".
No Stars, Beware this Hotel - The Room rate quoted to you online is not what your room will cost per-night - They are currently pulling the Airline Bait and Switch on Room Fees - we arrived 1/18/2013 to discover there is a now a mandatory 25$ per-person per-day charge for Spa-use and Internet access. They also decided to deny me a pet-friendly room that I had called to confirm based on not having rabies papers for my dog (we have stayed there 3 time previously in the last year with the dog, and have never needed these papers)- I will never again stay or recommend the Cosmopolitan to anyone
Chelsea ballroom for Super Bowl Party !. . Never again!!!!. . How is it that everyone that got tickets to attend the Super Bowl Party at the Chelsea ballroom and about 100 people left standing.  There were not enough tables and chairs for the guests. It was ridiculous!!  It was so unorganized!!  . . I had to put two chairs together side by side and three of us sit together, of course the other end girl and myself get to share it with only half of our cheeks.  My husband had to stand during the 1st half of the game.  The other guy went back up to the room and watch the game, my bro in law went out to game at a table, one girl went up to the room and took a nap.  Thats how 7 of us got seating at the end.  And we snatched from other tables too.  Pathetic.!!. . The food selection was very minimal!!  One small circle and that's it.  No pizza, shrimp cocktails, Haagen dazs ice cream, buffalo wings ran out, No vegetarian food for veggie friend. I could go on... but I'm tired.   I guess we were spoiled by Caesers Palace Super Bowl.  . . Good Game though.  I'm a Denver fan so I didn't really care who wins.  Although we cheered on Baltimore because halfof our friends put their bet on Ravens 1st half and 49ers 2nd half.
With regard to the decor, the place is stunning, the views are amazing, the room is gorgeous, the beds are comfortable and the spa is top notch.  But don't we go to hotels for SERVICE?  The staff was actually very nice, but the way things are run, kept up and managed, i would give ONE star, IF that.. Honestly, the people who work there were all lovely.  But on our FIRST day, the TV broke twice, the phone needed fixing, the bathtub needed fixing, the room service table wouldn't fold up - It took FOREVER for anyone to ever answer the phone OR respond to requests. I was told by one lovely tech, "John" that your communication system (whatever it was called) was DOWN for an hour. . . Meanwhile, I'm having to HOBBLE to the door every time someone knocked due to an injured toe and open an EXTRAORDINARILY HEAVY door for the bath tub maintenance guy, housekeeping for extra hangers we requested about 2 hours prior, the tech who had to come FOUR times, and room service twice (as they didn't send water with no ice, as i requested)  Meanwhile, the tub tech showed up on top of that with hangers because he overheard me complaining to the front desk about my experience in just the first few hours.. . NOT cool - when they would try to please us with say, a cheese/fruit plate and a bottle of wine before going down to the spa, (ONLY after our very angry complaints where they were CLUELESS as how to "take care of their guests properly" we came back from the spa and would you believe, THEY TOOK IT BACK!???  The FIRST day of our trade show, after all the crap that happened the first night, OUR ROOM WASN"T EVEN CLEAN by 4 PM!  It was OUTRAGEOUS and the manager REFUSED to give my fellow guest the name/number of the higher up, who turns out, she did get on her own (very resourceful girl).  She, by the way, booked the room ON MY REQUEST, as it was my FIRST break since pregnancy from my two year old and I'm EMBARRASSED at what lengths and inconveniences we experienced relocating, having to re-pack, etc.  NIGHTMARE.   We then relocated (and forfeited the next two nights prepaid) to the ENCORE and received 5 star, 5 diamond treatment (and two free nights because she is a big player - but also because they say this happens a lot)  WHAT a difference!!!  Sadly, by the time we got there, it was TOO LATE to have a nice dinner outside of our room.  NOT FUN, okay?. . As i said, the PEOPLE were lovely, but it is a VERY poorly run, poorly managed hotel and i would NEVER stay there again after this . RIDICULOUS experience.  THE SPA, however is AMAZING!
The worst hotel service ever!!! We booked a one bedroom terrace suite for 3 nights from Feb 15 - 18. All paid for in advance since we booked it through a third party website.  When we checked in, they automatically downgraded us to a standard room WITHOUT telling us and credit $100 to our room. We got to our room, we were all surprised and felt that we were being cheated. We came down to confront with the front desk, they told us that their hotel rooms were all sold out. It is not much that they can do. After 2 hours at the front desk, they finally agreed to give us the room that we reserved by tomorrow.  If we didn't know, we would be cheated out of this reservation since we paid $300/night. We had 2 room altogether. They claim to be 5 stars hotel but their service is like a mob type of service.
My first experience at Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas was a 5. I told myself that I would never stay anywhere else on the strip. Here it is, one year later, and after the stay I had this week, I will never go back. Consistency is the key to success and it is obvious that the experience you will receive at the Cosmopolitan is not consistent. As I entered the room I noticed the carpet at the entry way of the room was coming apart. The privacy screen to the bathroom was broken. The sink in the bathroom was cracked. IT services was called to my room twice to get the tvs working. When I ordered room service for breakfast, the sausage was raw on the inside. The icing on the cake was the housekeeping or lack of housekeeping. I left my room at 10am. I returned at 5pm with the expectation that my room would be clean and ready for company. To my surprise, housekeeping had not cleaned my room, AT FIVE PM, I STILL HAD A FILTHY ROOM WITH DIRTY TOWELS ON THE GROUND. I was supposed to have people over that night and my plans were ruined. Oh, I almost forgot the best part, the bathtub jets turned on, by themself, every couple of hours and through the night. The room was poor quality and the attempt at service recovery was pathetic. A $150 food and beverage credit??? Really? After $1000 at CRSVR, spending $1000 in the casino and $900 on the room and food? No no no. Never again. The Cosmo has lost its touch. I will not be back there ever again and I will make sure everyone I know stays somewhere else as well.
Unhappy workers and the owner possibly looking to unload the property.  Might explain the terrible service I've received there.  Beautiful place, but really god-awful service.  Interesting article:. . http://omg.yahoo.com/news/98-arrested-union-protest-las-vegas-strip-020401500.html. . Knocked off a star for management and/or ownership apparently being so inept that they now have their own workers picketing and disrupting business.  Get a clue guys, or hurry up and have someone step in who knows how to run a hotel/casino.
We were looking to see something new in Vegas. We found it at the Cosmo, but not in a good way. The lobby was full of drunken trash worthy of an off-strip Best Western without a single member of staff in sight. Just passing through, I was keenly aware of the danger of being puked on, sucker-punched, or pick-pocketed. Luckily, we made it through without a major incident but I will not return to see if my luck holds out. If you have always wanted to go to the Jersey Shore but didn't want to go all the way to Jersey. Look no further. If you want to hit rock bottom, this is the place. If you are a career criminal or have other reasons to frequent a location that is understaffed anddoesn't bother with security, you want the Cosmopolitan. If you are looking to enjoy a fun evening with the finer people in Vegas, this is NOT the place.
Pit boss was a big fat jerk, therefore ruin the whole experience at Cosmo.. And all I was trying to do was to a rewards card. . . Me and my buddy sat at 3 card poker. We gave our ID's to get a rewards card. For some reason my buddy got his real quick. Time goes by. I lose, no card. So I go sit at roulette, lose another $100, no card.  Go to pit boss, hey got my card ready? Pit boss said no, would you like your ID? No, I wait and play at black jack. Lose another $100 no card. I go to the pit boss, hey can I get my ID back? Pit boss rolls his eyes, said " I asked you 3 times if you want it back". Thought I was wasting his time? REALLY? If your gonna take my money at least pretend to give me a little respect? Sorry Cosmo, you have a nice place but your employees are not. I'm gonna lose my $$ and earn points at another place.
You can put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig. . . The Vegas Cosmo is probably the "nicest hotel" most reviewers have ever stayed at on this reviewer thread but the actual value they're getting, for the exorbitant fee paid, is not anywhere equal to what gets financially shoveled into this pile of crap.. . Story 1. My Story: . A. I'm here for a celebration. It's what "Lost Wages" is for, no? After hearing horror stories of the last two friends who stayed here this past week, I was really sad to be locked into the hotel's ridiculous 72-hour cancellation policy. I wanted out of staying somewhere guards listen through your room door, & where security cameras are pointed into your room, via the balcony. After leaving real actual quality luxury at the Mandarin, I reluctantly walked into the Cosmo's room &, while I wasn't as disappointed as I was about a lack of quality in my friend's other Cosmo rooms, I just knew the same quality of service I just paid less for at the Mandarin, could never be had at the Cosmopolitan. . . B. Then there's the all hour concerts. So loud they manage to shake 61 stories of concrete & rattle tight metal & glass window fixtures to the core. You will not get much peace in this shit hole.. . C. Done to my reservation, & 3 of my other friend's separate reservations all week. . - We call asking, "Can we have a room with a view?" . - The lady on the phone says no problem. How about the 47th or 55th floor ect ... . - When we check in the front desk is like - Hey yea, here's your key for your 17th floor room.... - & whenwe're like, "But reservations specified we could have a room with a view " . - The front desk doesn't care & isn't interested in providing a solution.. - It then takes 5 extra hours to check in while you go in circles with what they originally had offered. . . D. Another complaint is if I am locked into a hotel via a cancellation policy, then the hotel should be locked into providing me everything they're charging me for. Tit for tat.. . The most important feature of this hotel is the Bamboo Pool. Of the Cosmo's 3 pools, this is the pool that is a haven from the rest of the d-bag mecca that is the Cosmo... & it's closed for a while apparently. SOooooo I could've been at the Mandarin's unique & peaceful poolside right now, instead of getting all worked up & writing a poor review for the Cosmo - had I known better, ahead of time. I got a $50 refund off my "resort fee" since I haven't been able to use anything "resorty" but I'd just rather not be here at all... but let me REALLY explain why.... . Story 2. My Friend's Suite: . When you rent $800+ room suite that has a full bar & kitchen, in Vegas - what do you intend to do with that room? My friend had a release party for a piece of equipment he made. There were no more than 15 people in a huge corner suit. The group of folks are not the average dirt bag bro scum club people that would be rowdy. These people were old farts, with kids at home, who were in town to look at geek crap for their businesses. The room was not being loud or rowdy but when I opened the front door to grab some ice there were two security guards just hanging out, outside our door - trying to listen in. They asked me how many people were in the room & I said no more than 15, they said we had 20-minutes to kick people out because a fully equipped suit, with a bar, kitchen, & giant seating room, that has a capacity of 30 people, was only allowed to have 4-people in it at all times. . . Story 3. My other friend's suite: . This is one of those "iffy call" stories. Still makes you wonder... Anyway - another friend rented a $500 room. Invited 8 of us over the come take pictures with him of the beautiful Vegas sunset. There were maybe 10 people in a suite that was designed for double that. There were about 10 people standing on the room's giant balcony taking pictures of a beautiful sunset when security knocked & forced themselves in the room. For 3 hours the Cosmo security argued with my friend about the cameras. The first question anyone wants to know is, how does Cosmo know what's going on in our room? Answer - we figured out there are "security cameras" on the outside of the building, looking at private patios & potentially in rooms. The eventual end of the argument went like this, "Cosmo security will either personally confiscate every camera in the room - OR my friend gets evicted." It's definitely messy - what occurred, but the biggest question is where & when did the hotel room tenant's privacy become compromised?. . Story 4. Head of Security BLABS: . The head of Cosmo security was at a party for another equipment manufacturer - a fairly large party where everyone who got messed with by Cosmo security were in attendance. Head of security was overheard telling one of the hotel tenant's clients that they were trouble earlier that week. . 1. A conflict of interest &. 2. Shady & unprofessional.. . Bottom Line: . Cosmo = Bad business
This review is from my mother's experience :. . When I was checking in on 3/26/13 I did not have the same credit card that I used to prepay on 1/7/13 and the Cosmo made me pay again.  To say I was annoyed would be an understatement, especially since I had stayed in the Encore by Wynn ,the night before and the manager said it was OK to use another card because I had paid for the room in January!  Why was I not informed of this policy when I made my reservation by phone?  What if the card had been lost, stolen or in my case, it had a new number.  I contacted Marriott because this is one of their boutique hotels and I received an answer that was not an answer.  I am a Marriott member and I had already booked about 17 nights before this incident.  Now I am  wavering.  I contacted Chase and they had never heard of such a policy and wondered why the Cosmo didn't call them.. . In the future when I am in Las Vegas I plan to stay at the Encore, which is a fabulous hotel in beauty as well as customer service.. . Toni S.. . 4/13/13 Oh yeah, the Cosmo refunded my first payment to my credit card.  Thank God it was not the credit card that I had closed.  What would have happened to my money?  Anyway, since I had no balance on that card I had to call Chase and have them to send me the refund so that I could pay the other credit card. The check arrived in the mail yesterday, everything is finally completed.  What an experience.
I called the Cosmo 2 times to tell them the 6 of us would arrive after midnight - we were coming from Boston.  We arrive and I am told my 2 rooms have been given away so they put us in 2 Board Rooms with 2 full size Murphy Beds.  After 3 hours we finally get 2 rollaway beds brought to the room (it is now 3 am).  . . We paid for the first night rooms so why did they give them away.  . . I find this totally unacceptable.  They moved us the next day but we had to stay in our room with our luggage until 4 pm when the rooms were ready so we missed out on a day in Vegas.. . I was there for a conference and many people had room problems so my advice stay at another hotel!. . They also advertise the room with a kichenette, yup there is a stove and microwave but no utelsils, plate, pots & pans.  Why bother.
After seven months of e-mails and proof of a rip-off, management decided to do nothing. While in Vegas last September, three of us decided to park at the hotel's bar from 10:00 to 1:00 AM. The next day, my business partner had indicated that he had cover the bar bill for $200.00, he left at 12:00 midnight. In looking in my wallet, I too had basically the same bar bill, but showed my bill being paid at 1:00 AM. We all had different drinks, rum and coke, double rum and coke, and margarita. To show the management, that I agree the first bill. However, my bill had the same drinks plus, the few drinks we added from midnight to 1:00. Bill should have been $250.00 total. Not $400!. As a result of this "SCAM" I am giving the hotel bar 1! Even though it could have been an oversight on the bar tender and the waitress,accounting decided to ignor my many request!
DON'T STAY HERE!!!... So, my cousin made reservations for her sisters wedding shower 3 months in advance. She booked 2 rooms side by side each other for 5pm. Ok, so come the day off the wedding shower; the Cosmo told her one of the other rooms wasn't ready @ 5pm and they couldn't give it to her cause a high roller decided to stay in that other room. To apologize, they moved all of us (the bride and groom's entire family) to a penthouse suite. 1hr later, Cosmo security knocked on the door and told her we were all getting kicked out because of underage drinking. None of the minors in that room drank. Cosmo security made all of us (the bride and grooms families; including grandmas and grandpas) to leave immediately. No one from the Cosmo came to help move any of our luggage. They also informed my cousin that she would be charged with both nights for the rooms she booked even though they kicked us out. The Cosmopolitan is a piece of crap establishment if you don't seem to have enough money to be there.
I hate the clubs in this hotel but in love with the chic decor crystals. I had to climb the staircases and oh my not a good experience going up and down the industrial staircases.
The Cosmos VIP concierge service is a joke. Currently waiting on hold for 15 minutes now. The rep didn't even answer the phone when I called they just picked up the phone and put it straight on hold. "Chanel" finally answered to tell me I was wrongfully transferred to her.... On hold again. Come on? This is supposed to be VIP service? I don't think so.
This is a super late review, but can I still give zero stars? Read Pamela T.'s review below for more details. . . Long story short: no one cares--except for that nice lady at the front desk. We weren't comped in any way after being burglarized. The security of Cosmo said they did not have cameras in hallways and have no way of knowing whether or not someone broke into our room. We were redirected about five times and had to walk all over Cosmo to find security/help desk/management/investigators who redirected us over, and over, and over, and over, and OVER AGAIN. In the end, there was no resolve. Management told us filing a police report would be "useless" because the police department won't be opened until Monday? We were checking out Sunday. It's funny how such a "high-class" hotel is so lacking in its security department. This whole shenanigan wasn't worth our time for what we paid for. You decide for yourself whether or not this kind of experience is worth it for you. . . Did I mention this all happened on my 21st birthday? Thanks again, Cosmo.
Walking in to this hotel I was really impressed. I love the playful takes on a classic era. However staying in this hotel was another story. . We stayed for 4 days. The hotel staff never cleaned our room. They never dumped our trash or provided clean glasses. They did not vacuum the floors or clean the bathtub. There were hand prints on the mirror that were never windex'd the entire time we were there. They only made the bed and provided new towels. We also walked into our bathroom toilet area reeking of weed. There is no ventilation to another room and it is a separate room to the main bathroom area, so it was obvious it was the staff. . We had discovered Secret Pizza which is the best part about the entire hotel! Until a fight broke out inside and after a 30 minute wait no one got pizza because the place was covered in blood and had to be shut down. . Due to the concert they chose to hold that evening the Las Vegas Gang unit was all over the hotel, apparently they missed this location. . The chandelier baralso is visually amazing, however when you sit and pay $20.00 for a beverage and you have a kid dump their solo cup over the couch on you, it makes it all a bit lack luster.. So... when choosing your hotel. I would suggest somewhere with a bit more class.
room service very poor... i had cigars on my terrace from the last costumers every day i was there.... plus dust all over..... not what we expected at all....
I'm going home at 10:35pm instead of sleeping here.  This will be detailed, so if you want a summary:  this is a beautiful property that does not execute a single bit of hospitality. If you are not tattooed with sleeves, or if you can string an entire sentence together without the word "like" or "f*ck", you are not the target market here. . . On first glance, the room was beautiful the decor was well thought out and we were excited. But as we wnt to sleep, a light randomly turned itself on twice, as did the jacuzzi bathtub. Also, when we turned on the fan in the bathroom the stench of cigarette smoke was nauseating. These are 100% non-smoking rooms...supposedly. . . Housekeeping was very nice and changed the air filter in our bathroom, and we unplugged our lamps. . . We had a nice day of pool and dinner (Scarpetta is 5-star).  . . On our second night the stench of cigarettes from the hallway was ridiculous. I call downstairs and security said they were going to send someone up to break up the "in hallway party" but nobody ever came. To make matters worse, they had a "dive in movie" playing outside and the sound was so loud it was louder than our TV. No sleeping with that. It was a double feature: with the first movie at 730 and the second movie starting at 10 p.m.  I found this information by talking to the operator and when I said it was so loud no one can sleep here his only response was "the movie ends somewhere around midnight."  . . I am home now and crafting this review leaving my bed empty at the Cosmo.
Pet friendly? We had the most horrible experience with the "pet friendly" hotel. Myles the manager wanted to board our dogs after finding that we didn't bring vaccination records. We would have brought them...IF SOMEONE HAD MENTIONED IT BEFORE-HAND!! When we checked in, we let the girl know we needed a pet-friendly room. She didn'tsay anything about the Vaccination records. 2 nights later, they let us know that it was required, but it was Saturday evening, when our Vet's office is closed. They locked us out of our room, with the dogs inside the room and wouldn't allow us in to get them until they sorted out the situation.  . . They were so rude and unapologetic . We decided to leave that night. We will never use the Cosmo EVER again. They still charged us for the night that we left. We can't believe how rude Claire the General Manager was and apathetic to our situation.
Let me start by saying what a horrible experience i had in this hotel. I travel from New York to Las Vegas at least twice a year and i always stay at high end hotels.. I decided to give this place a chance but they failed miserably.. When i just arrived they took 3 hours to find my east tower studio terrace room because they were "sold out". After i requested to speak to general floor supervisor the room magically appeared available that moment. Second day being in a hotel my room was never cleaned. I called 5 times to cleaning extension i had to be on hold for 15 minutes each time before they picked up the phone. I requested to speak to a manager and  told him my room wasn't cleaned for whole day. Still cleaning lady never arrived that day so i had to reuse wet towels and sleep on unmade bed. Next day at 4 pm she finally arrived and did her job.. They charge you $25 resort fee that includes internet wifi. On third day wifi did not work for maybe 7 hours. To go in to one of their pools i had to pay money, plus they send me upstairs 2 times to get my ID and change to a proper shirt. As if tank top would not fit in pool environment.. Staff is rude, service is poor. Will never come back there again!
This is a difficult hotel to rate, but I decided to rate it anyway.  I have to say up front that I am not a fan of Vegas, and that is a huge understatement.  I only went to this hotel because it was the conference hotel for a convention that required my attendance.  Many of my concerns could likely apply to other hotels on the strip.  That said, there were several public areas that were smoky.  I found it disheartening that so many of the women who worked in this hotel were dressed in uniforms that lacked modesty.  The guest room itself was impressive, though it is not one to share with someone who you don't want to be naked around.  There are glass doors that serve as a wall between the bedroom and the shower.  Others I was at the conference with described the shower area as like the set for a porn movie.  I don't disagree.  The lighting in the room turns on and off depending upon where you are in the room -- a 'green friendly' feature, but at times annoying.  Still, you can tell the hotel is very new and economical from an energy standpoint, and well constructed.  You have to walk through Casino areas to get to many places where you have to go in the hotel -- not a surprise, but also unpleasant for those of us (like me) who find such areas highly depressing.  One thing that was particularly difficult was finding any food options that were even moderately priced.  Everything anywhere close to this hotel was very, very expensive.  In a later visit to Vegas (again, required by another conference, it was a bad year), I stayed in another hotel that had some more low-moderate cost options.  Overall, I found that the facilities in this hotel were well constructed, staff were certainly attentive, and for what they are selling (an experience focused on the hope of winning money that almost all people won't win and wouldn't even make those who win it very happy anyway) and looking at women who are wearing very little in ways that objectify them, some customers may find some satisfaction.  As for me, I prefer other options.
This is a new, modern, city center hotel. If you have the money to get the expensive rooms then you "should" be good.  We upgraded our room to a wrap around terrace suite and the room is bigger than most people condo's.  it have every amenity you can imagine, but we had a few problems.  The main shower wouldn't drain.  It had inches of standing water and would take all day to drain.  The other problem was the TV kept cutting out saying HDMI disconnected.  When you pay $15 a movie and it cuts out multiple times making you rewind, or watching regular TV and have it happen and can't rewind...it sucks!. . When I informed the front desk, they said they would take care of it, never did, and didn't even offer as much as a buffet comp. This is a very expensive room for an average person like myself, and to have these problems, not have them addressed, an not even get a "Sorry" from the hotel staff is inexcusable.  Now I'm not greedy, but some type of comp for messing up my showers and movies would have been a nice gesture. Probably going to look at a suite somewhere else next time.  Although...if the hotel had fixed the problem right away, comped me a meal or something for my bad experience with one of their premier suites, I might have said something like, "A few little problems, but they were fixed, we got taken care of, and I'll be back".  Now, due solely to the customer service, or lack thereof, I'll look to another hotel suite, and advise everyone I know, both in person, an on social media, of what kind of customer service they actually have and to not book there!
So they finally got rid of that terrible smell in the casino. Unfortunately, the clientele here are the douce bags of Vegas. If they are not here, they are clubbing at MGM. The identity players club is a total rip. The employees are rude, only topped by the trashy people. Kids with ice chests of beer AT the tables. This place is like an indoor pool party. Classless place. But like I said in my last review, its pretty on the outside.
I am a person that does not usually go through the trouble of writing reviews, but my experience with this hotel was so bad that I just had to write something. For starters, I got to my room at 12 at midnight and the first thing I encountered was the dirty and filthy bed. "It was disgusting". The room in general was very filthy. I called the room service manager and the manager of the hotel and it took them at least 45 minutes to arrive at my room. They took pictures of the entire room and all they had to say was that they were sorry and that they would send somebody to clean the room. Not to exchange the room, but just to clean it. They also offered me $50 to spend in the minibar. The room service is very bad and it will take them a very long time just to pick up the phone. Then you have to sit and wait for them to bring the requested. Lets get started with the next day when I went to get food; the open buffet was disgusting and was not worth a dime. I am running out of space to write so I will just move to the last day when I checked out and got hit with an extra $28 resort fee for each day. This was a business trip that I take twice a year and decided to give this hotel a chance. What a big mistake. I have stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas over the years and by far this was a nightmare. In conclusion, do not EVER stay in this hotel.
We have traveled the world and this has to be the most bizarre hotel we have ever stayed at!!!. If you are 21-25 and only interested in looking at boobs, butts and spandex then you will think this is a great party hotel.......when you are in your fifties and over the "valley girl" stage or have something other to discuss than last nights conquests this is NOT the place for you. The hotel is filled with rich little kids that can afford to throw money away......everyone parades around the hotel in their bathing suit or spandex that is tighter than a wetsuit with all bodily parts hanging out. They come out of the taxi or limo like this rolling a suitcase behind them. Limos advertising "Larry Flint" pull through the hotel and drop off girls......the rest look like paid escorts or hookers or they wouldn't have been hanging out with the guys they were with. I got drinks spilled on my feet in the elevator........the air conditioning in the room would never cool it down with one tiny vent on the far side of the room and 105 degree weather outside.....come Sunday at checkout time and you are on a high floor you can't get any elevator...had to go up to go down.......drinks are ridiculous prices.......I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. But if you are just wanting to go to get drunk and "hook up" for the weekend, then this is the RIGHT place for you!! And then to top it off, watch your bill......they will add on things from the mini bar that you never even looked at!!!  If you are a real adult GO elsewhere. I will say the staff with polite and the interior decorations were nice. I have no desire to ever stay at a 5-star hotel again.
Reserved wraparound balcony suite overlooking the Bellagio fountains for a 40th  B'day bash and was told check in was at 3pm. Tried to check in at 3:30 and was told room was not ready. By 4:30 was told their "official policy" is that check in is from 3-5pm. Come 5:30, still no room. I, and many other angry customers, was ushered into the concierge check in area, presumably so as not to disrupt other customers (one poor couple was scheduled to get married and the bride-to-be had no place to get dressed).. By 6pm we still had no room. I had a car load of food and beverages and friends arriving.  I spoke with the check in manager. After a brief exchange of unpleasantries she finally offered that the reason they were so far behind was they had 80 housekeeping personnel call in that day. "So you can't manage your own personnel, but you expect me to be confident that you can meet my needs as a guest?" I asked.. By 6:30 we were finally in a room. It was a wraparound suite, but not overlooking the fountains. Whatever, the whole mood was ruined by then anyway. Oh yeah, and I'm Marriott Gold, but apparently that doesn't matter either. . Btw, my first clues that this establishment was far from a class act should have been:. 1) the punk who dropped his beer bottle down the side of the escalator, nearly hitting a girl in the lounge below (the smirk on his face led me to think it was not an accident), and. 2) the drunk girl sitting on a bench outside the elevators and throwing up all over herself and the lobby floor. . . Looking for a class joint?  Go to the Palazzo. We just staycayed there and it was great. . . Beware the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas!
I was VERY disappointed in the attention and attitude I received from the front desk staff.  I originally booked for a two queen terrace suite 4 months in advance and we checked in two hours prior to 'Check in time'.  . . We were told we would get notified via text when the room was available - never happened.  We went to the front desk for a second time to a more helpful person and they gave us a one-bedroom suite - which we were told was an "upgrade".  We needed two beds and we were told that we could get a two queen terrace suite the next day.. . We asked for the sofa bed to be made that evening around midnight when we would be gone and they confirmed it would be assembled upon our return back to the room.  This was never done, so 2 people had to sleep on an uncomfortable sofa bed.  The next morning I did call to express my disappointment, and they came to make the sofa bed at 12:00 (noon time).  We asked for the two queen terrace suite (we called early around 9 am) and we were met with resistance from the front desk.  . . I was ready to ask to be moved to another hotel immediately, but John Greene from your resort services took it upon himself to correct the situation.  I have nothing but great things to say about John as he is an asset to the Cosmopolitan.  I stayed at the Cosmopolitan last year and enjoyed myself to the fullest, however I cannot say the same this time.  I am likely not to recommend this property to any of my colleagues, friends, or family in the near future. To be completely honest, the only thing that kept me coming back was the terrace. That's all the Cosmo has goin for them.
absolutely terrible service. waited room to be prepared for two hours after check in. key to room doesn't work. no reparations.
Stayed at the Cosmo this past weekend.  This was my second time staying at this hotel.  The only complaint I have is the hotel manager needs to know how to treat hotel guests properly.  Upon check I had my friend stay with my luggage.  When I got my room key I was notified by my friend that the hotel manager took one of our cases of beer and our $200 bottle of liquor that we were going to bring to our suite we just booked for the weekend.  When I spoke to the hotel manager he said hard liquor/beer is not allowed to be in the hotel room.  Are you kidding me.  You pay 900 dollars a night at this hotel and you can't bring liquor or beer to the room.  What a joke.  His response was "ill do you a favor and let you have 1 case of beer because what can you do with a 12 pack of beer"and laughed. Then he made us check it in at the front desk and we couldn't get it till we checked out.  I used to love this hotel but until the hotel manager knows how to treat hotel guest/military veterans who just came back from a year deployment and can't drink at this hotel in Vegas I'm never going to come back...
BASED ONLY ON CLEANLINESS!!!!!!!!!!!. . Since C first opened its doors, it immediately became our favorite place to stay. But, it seems as though every time we go back which is quite often,  the level of service and cleanliness shrinks. . . Hotel decor-one of the most beautiful hotels in Vegas. A girl can dream that her house one day will look like the chandelier bar lounge that Cosmo has. . . Rooms-any room you get, it's guaranteed that it will be nice and the view will be spectacular. However, my review will solely be based on housekeeping and cleanliness of the rooms based on the LAST couple of times we have been there and most recent Labor Day 2013.. * Sheet and pillow had blood stain on it and smelled horrific. * Used condom on the floor . * Glass had lipstick stains. * Comforter had a black shoe print on it as if someone walked on the bed with their shoes. How housekeeping missed this is besides me!. * Towels had "yellow" stain on them. . . After reading other reviews, I agree with some people as far as this hotel catering to more of the younger crowd and maybe wanting to show an image that people "party" at Cosmo but dude c'mon the above is nothing more than ridiculous and plain NASTYYYYYYYY. . . For a place that is overpriced on EVERYTHING such as food, rooms, spa, water, and chancesof you winning gambling at this small casino is RARE, you would think everything would be up to par especially housekeeping. NOPE!!!! Done!
BEWARE!!! I mistakenly left my diamond bracelet on the bathroom vanity and when I arrived back to my room a couple of hours later it was stolen. I'm POSITIVE that housekeeping stole the item and for this reason, I will NEVER stay here again.
Money spent in all wrong places: ceiling crystals. How about you group of genius' open a second cashier cage or have more than 2 employees running a cage when you have a 30 person line at your ONLY cash cage
Sorry folks, I'm not having such a "great experience".  I'm currently in my room 5647 and it just bugged me so here I am yelping.   First of all, when I got into my room, I could tell that the carpet was not vacuumed that day - visible lint and small bits of trash.  Secondly, a dirty rag and trash was sitting on the shelf.  On top of it - the room was not dusted.  The phone had visible dust bunnies on it?!?!?  I looked around and it's like the housekeeper didn't take pride in keeping the room to it's highest standards and the hotel obviously doesn't care.  Last of all, the amenities?  I had to go down and ask for a complete set - I mean really?  Where's the damn soap, plastic hair and shower gel?  I also mentioned that my room did not get vacuumed that day - today's a new day and obviously concierge was not that concerned about my concerns because again, my room did not get vacuumed.  I had to call down and ask that a message be left with housekeeping that I would like my room vacuumed!!!!  Let's see if it gets vacuumed on the 3rd day I'm here.. . The sweet girl that checked me in gave such high reviews of the room and amenities - she needs to seriously look at my room - again 5647.  For over $200+ a night?!?!?  Housekeeping also took away the extra washcloths that I had on top the sink, why?  Who knows but they were not on the floor as I left them on the sink to use that night and for the next morning.  . . They do not replenish your amenities - they just recap the product.  How cheap is that?  Most places I stay at - they replenish everyday.  Cheap cheap cheap. . . Housekeeping also did not take away my breakfast glasses - my juice glass, the milk glass and the milk container was sitting on top the console.  What kind of housekeeping standards is this for The Cosmo?  Whatever, I'm not impressed.. . The only best thing about this room?  The view - very nice.
Fact:  Stayed in this hotel in 2012 and just recently in 2013. . This place is owned by a bank and acts like it.. Its all glamor show...I mean "SHOW" and its very attractive to those who are very "shallow" with money to burn. . .  IF you gamble good luck....you have better shot going to Caesars or anywhere else.. .  IF you like to buy $20 Hamburger or $45 steaks that taste worse than Wendy's or sizzler this is the place.. . some facts based on my stay in the hotel room:. . The Rooms:. . 1. CLEANLINESS- The room are not that kept up. 2. THIN WALLS  (thin cheap drywall) Don't be alarmed but there is a good chance at finding writing on the walls. 3.TOILET - sometimes flushes fully sometime only 1/2 you really have push the lever down. 4. No thought must have gone on when putting a safety lock box with a sliding door to bathroom because if you close that slider and not using the lock box the box door will swing open and almost  LOCK YOU in the bathroom.. 5. They do have a good view of another hotels watershow...but it gets old quick and those thin walls you will hear EVERY blast they make.. 6. Pillows are soft...I thought they might be made from helium. 7. Bed casing cheeeeeeaap and dirty....but I found 15 cents from noticing how dirty they were.... . . The TV (when you have dull time between conference meetings this is important). . 1.  TV's was scratched which made watching annoying (thought it was only one time thing....low and behold the second time I stayed it had scratches too). 2.  PIX ELATION VIEWING that is what you will see when watching TV here - NO HDTV at all.. 3.  When using this funky TV REMOTE they give you - you must point directly at one part of the TV otherwise forget it.. 4.  TV CLOCK (it thinks your in another timezone) is an hour off which makes the "TV Guide" useless. 5.- CHANNEL LAG - ANY channel you wish to watch takes 2-4 minutes before it appears (it does get better in the afternoon), so if you like channel hopping grab snickers as it will take a awhile.. 6- MENU SYSTEM - The menu system on the TV which is important for other than watching its awful and after you do a check out it will just sit there....then you do it again...again...and finally it will acknowledge you.. . . Features of the room:. . 1. ooooh the LIGHTING....hello/ goodbye seem the only choices here - its not easy to set lights and made difficult by placing the master switch at the door. (hard to explain this system but expect frustration here). 2. in 2012 room came with a high tech PHONE which handled most everything which helped with operating the lights from the bed.....BUT in 2013 they must have went REAL CHEAP and got some ill advised cordless cheap phone cause none of the shortcut buttons work essentially just hit 0 cause everything else will be a chore.. 3 The FURNITURE-  It seems Deutsch Bank (owners of Cosmopolitan) got all the hotel room furniture at a low cost thrift center but must hired someone to attempt to make it look "cool". 4. ICE ICE BABY -- good luck  they have one ice machine per floor (fine!) but they give you a microscopic ice bucket, so you have either make many trips or take the liner out of the garbage can and use that one to get ice.. 5. NICKEL AND DIME you with food tray and filled refrigerator with high priced stock....it would have been nicer to remove all that and let the customer use the fridge for other things...plus be careful open it that fridge and its $9-12 charge just to look whats inside it.. 6. ELEVATORS so many sets of elevators you must pay attention to which set is going to your room....also just recently the elevator buttons get stuck...meaning the elevators will skip your floor and you could wait awhile before someone fixes it...even if they already know there is a problem  (how could this be because EMPLOYEES have their own elevator they take). . . . ambiance. 1. it looks like they re-purposed a bunch of old photos of old Vegas to make it hip. 2. They must have take art work from local middle school odd design classes...and placed it around floor 2 and 3  (although 5 dogs staring at each other got more interesting as time went on). 3. Chandeliers  are plastic....not a total surprise really.. 4. Lots of woman with short dresses  (plus in my book but its really gold diggers looking for some c-notes). 5. Pools are weird and ok....hardly see them used as a pool situation though gym is good. . . Customer Service . Expect lousy to ok....thats it....  look to see how they are pushy to get tips from you.. . . conference rooms. The set up is good here....but flimsy walls and doors that don't close right can be annoying and over time I see this place degrading.. . Up-suites. They have some rather large room which at first glance is pretty cool but as you really get used to it...you realize its no differently built wise than the smaller rooms...noise is ALWAYS present. . . I would NOT recommend anyone to stay here on vacation - as I was here for a conference twice...I would avoid that conference if they have it at this hotel again....
I would love to give this hotel a four star rating. The facilities are nice. The shops and food are very good. And the suites are well set up for entertaining.. . However, the way the management responded to a noise incident makes it impossible for me to do so.. . You know how I mentioned those suites are well set up for entertaining? That's what a group I was with was doing. We had a private event and when the party got going, it was loud. But it wasn't any louder than events I've been to in hotel suites over many years for both professional and personal reasons.. . It would have been perfectly reasonable for the hotel to send security to shut the party down and require everyone to leave in response to the noise. And if that is what happened I'd probably have given the hotel the four star review its facilities warrant.. . But the response of management, while absolutely within its rights, was excessive. They shut the party down and required everyone to leave. That's fine. What they also did is why I am giving they hotel one star. . . They evicted the people who paid for the suite. You read that right. They tossed them out of the hotel.. . The Cosmopolitan had the absolute right to do this. But people looking to book an event in the suites should be aware of this policy. They have a no tolerance policy and if they decide your event is too loud, this could happen to you.
This just solidifies me not wanting to go to the Cosmo to gamble anymore. Been planning a trip out to Cosmo since last month because of the fun stay I had over labor day weekend. Made my reservation when I saw the B1G1 free night offered, but booked it for the second Monday in November instead of the second Monday in December! So aggravating and even though I played at a decent level during my last stay on the slots, plus we spent over $2k on rooms and food/clubs/etc over just a couple days, and no help at all. A host quoted me the online rate thinking I was stupid and hadn't done my research. Staying at ARIA Resort & Casino comped (aka FREE) even though I didnt play at any MLife resorts last trip, with the better beds and will gamble with MLife since they will actually make me feel welcome and appreciated with their good customer service.
Although we love staying here this review is specifically about the rude bitchy bartender at the bar behind the craps tables.  He gets one star for his snotty attitude and condescending treatment of the guests.  Not sure of his name but he is tallish with shaved head. You'll know who I'm talking about when he treats you like he doesn't work for tips.
The Cosmopolitan Hotel lies, cheats, and steal. I booked a wrap-around terrace suite at $400 a night and eventhough I said to the registration clerk, "Am I getting this room?" she lied and said, "Yes." What I got was single king room, but I was charged $400 on my check out invoice. After a half-hour with three people at the checkout desk, the room was reduced to $137, which was probably all the room was worth, but the Cosmopolitan tried to cheat from someone who they thought they could steal from. Beware that you will not get what you booked and beware that you will be overcharged for what you will not get.. . Of the many hotels my wife and I have stayed in in Las Vegas, the Cosmopolitan is, hands down, the worst hotel anyone could ever choose to stay in. There is no frontage to the hotel. You walk right in from the sidewalk and there is no lobby. People sit in the second floor "lobby" eating pizzas by hand, dripping food all over. The driveway has three lanes, two to enter and one to exit for all cars to valet park, self-park, or drop off someone. This is for a hotel with 2995 rooms; thus, the drive way is a nightmare. Our room had no dresser; clothes had to be placed on a painted plywood shelf in the bathroom. There was no sofa and the furnishings were just plain cheap. . . I would not touch this hotel with a 50-foot pole. They lie, cheat, and steal.
If the cosmopolitan has anything going for it its only its aesthetic value. My brother bought me a 2 room suite for my birthday but I was not allowed to check in because they had said we needed authorization for his card to be charged. 5 hours later amd a few attempts to get his card authorized it finally went through. After recieving our room cards we got sent to a suite that was still occupied. Customer service hardly helped other than eventually getting a new room with zero upgrades despite all of the mistakes made. We attempted to check in at 10 am finally got our room at 5. For a 1000 dollars a night you would think customer service would be better. Room was nice but the trouble to get to it was mot worth the hassle
I posted an earlier review of this hotel/casino and still am very impressed with the physical plant and the great drinks at the chandelier bars. However, this weekend my wife and I were victim to the harsh reality of being at the wrong place on the wrong night.... . We had spent the evening blowing hundreds on drinks and food in the casino bar and at Marquee nightclub. There were two sheriffs standing guard outside the nightclub, but ironically everyone inside was very nice and it was a great experience. The problem came when (inebriated and tired) we were leaving the casino for the night.. . Just steps from the valet area near the restrooms, a young man appeared from nowhere and grabbed my wife. She is very pretty, so attention is common but being grabbed while standing next to a 6'2" 250 pound man is not. She reacted as you'd expect, shying away from him and looking at me for help. When I pushed the man off her and said "get your hands off my wife" I was punched in the face and the next thing I knew I was on the floor. Looking up I saw 4-6 men lurching for me against hotel security which, thankfully, were all over these guys and I DO applaud them for that. We quickly walked out the exit and were rapidly followed by two men in suits that encouraged us to leave and not come back inside. I was inclined to go find the two Sheriffs upstairs who are obviously posted there exactly for this reason, but was not allowed back into the casino.  When we got back the Mandalay Bay, I got on the phone with the Cosmo hotel and though apologetic, they did little to follow up. . . The crew of hoodlums that provided my wife with unwanted touching and me a trip to the shiny floor seconds from leaving were allowed to continue on into the casino and go molest and attack more people. Calling the police was worthless, they literally gave me the impression that I can walk through the Cosmo grabbing women and socking people for fun.  Unless at 4am you want to go file a police report that most likely (considering all the bigger problems the police have in Vegas) would go unnoticed, I feel a need to warn others that this happened and that there were zero repercussions for the incident. . . Knowing that this whole thing is on Casino cameras and nobody sought to stop the group, grab the police to prevent this happening again, or send a message that you can't get away with behavior like this in the Cosmopolitan is pretty deflating... and to any doubters out there, I'm not leaving anything out. I realize that these guys might have only seen me push this man off my wife in the same way that a surfer realizes he might look like a seal to a shark. We still seek ways to keep aggressive animals away from the general populace... especially when you have them on film, and swimming in your private property.
It pains me to write such a bad review, because I had very high hopes for this hotel. I was in Vegas with a group of friends celebrating a promotion. We thought The Cosmopolitan would be a fun place to stay, given the word of mouth we heard before coming. . . Unfortunately we had a terrible experience and I strongly suggest that you and your group does not make the same mistake we did. . . I'll start with the biggest problem... safety. We spent the day at the pool, and on the way back up to the hotel, the elevator broke. We were trapped for 2 hours. With 20 people. Including a pregnant woman. It was a miserable experience to say the least. To make it worse, the hotel did absolutely nothing to try to make the experience better. Not even an apology or complimentary meal. The whole situation was handled poorly, and it left a bad taste in all of our mouths. . . There were lots of other little things that we did not like, for the price we paid. General clenliness... unfriendly staff... tacky decor. Add it all up, and I would never refer a friend or colleague to this hotel.. . I strongly recommend you stay away and book at a hotel that has its act together.
This hotel used to be my number one choice every time when I went to Vegas and I have stayed there more than 4 times including my wedding day, BUT I dont think I will choose it anymore!!!!!!. Few month ago I hold my wedding in Vegas and choose to stayed in a suite of Cosmopolitan with my family members. Before we check out, I gave a "red envelope" to my little brother with $200 cash inside. I think every asian can understand what a "red envelope" mean. It means luck and happy and we give it out in big days!! My brother put the envelope on the bed and forgot to take it with him when we check out. Around 2 hours after we check out, my brother notice this and ask me to call back to hotel. I called back immediately to both the hot line and hotel security and they said they will try to look for it. But I never get this "red envelope"back to me.. The most angry part of this experience is I WROTE DOWN"MY LITTLE BROTHER, THANKS FOR COMING TO OUR WEDDING" ON THE ENVELOPE BUT THE PERSON WHO CLEAN THIS ROOM STILL  TOOK IT AWAY!!!!! Obviously the person who saw this envelope would know this is a gift money of a big day to a specific person and not a tips(cuz there is my brother's name on it)!!!!!But he/she still took it!!!!!. During the following days, I called again to complain about this. One of the guy in security department said they will do investigation and give me a call back. AND AFTER THAT I NEVER GET ANY CALL FROM THEM!!!!!!!!!. $200 is not a lot of money and I care more about the lucky meaning of "red envelope" than getting the money back. . Can't be more disappointment about the person who took the money and the person who never call me back to solve the problem.. BE CAREFUL OF YOUR MONEY WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO STAY IN COSMOPOLITAN!!!!!
This review is for the casino area only.. . There were only two pai gow poker tables in the whole casino, my favorite game of all time. In order to leave a table for a single VIP that was MIA, they raised limit to $1000, while the $25 table was stuff to capacity and there was a line to get a seat at the $25 table. The VIP never showed up, at least while I was there...but it was just plain disrespect how they treat the regular folks that game there.  Really...u couldn't have opened a table for him/her at the high roller lounge.  U know ur not the only casino on the strip right? F*ck you! For making me feel like a second class citizen, I'm never gonna gamble at ur casino again shithead manager! . . But if u had to play at this casino,six deck blackjack is the way to go, they cut only one deck in the back is the odds are with the players.
DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL IF YOU PLAN TO BOOK WITH A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE.  THEY ARE COMPLETELY INFLEXIBLE!.  USE OTHER HOTELS IN LV.. . So planned to stay at this hotel with a large group using a promo code.  I planned to stay one night and called to book about 2 weeks before the stay.  They informed me, I was 2 days late and my promo-code had expired.  My room was supposed to cost $160 for the night.  The receptionist said sorry, the room will now be $350.  I called our "party manager Carrie Gonlag" who was the hotel employee in charge of booking groups.  She was completely inflexible and also offered me nothing.  I then spoke with a "resort  manager" who said she couldn't do anything, but with her "special deals" she could offer me a room for $400.  Somehow even with her "special deals" the price went up in the 2 hour window? I then checked online and a room appeared for $325.  . . So moral of my review.  1) Don't stay at Cosmopolitan with a large group.  As most people know, anything with a large group requires flexibility and this hotel certainly does not offer that.  Stay anywhere else, but not here.  And if you speak with Carrie Gonlag, just hang up the phone.  You will not be helped in anyway.  . . I plan to leave this review on a few more travel websites as well as I feel very strongly about this.  Customer service is what drives business especially in the competitive Las Vegas market.  Would helping one person who got caught up in the holidays spending time with family and missed a reservation date really have hurt Hotel Cosmopolitan?  Probably not.  But they don't seem to care.
Of all the hotels in Vegas this one smelled worse than any of the other onesI have been in. The lobby was disgusting, the air just reeked.. . Stay elsewhere...
Pros- good view.  Big room.  Fun restaurants.. . Cons- terrible service, lack of communication between departments and even within individual departments.  The room was dirty!  Gum mashed into the carpet, sticky items on the desk.  When checking in we spent forever getting our reservations sorted then when we got new keys it was like everything we did during check in didn't happen.  My friend left her key in the room and the front desk manager kept on contradicting himself saying that her husband could call to add her name then said he couldn't because they can't verify anything.  The manager was rude and condescending, he apologized but it was an empty apology because you could tell he was just saying it and didn't mean it.  We asked for housekeeping to come when we worked out and they didn't, then when we called to request it again they tried to blame us saying we had a DND on the door which we didn't.  Of all the possibilities out here for hotels you would think they would try to retain guests for future stays but I guess not.  I felt like just a number even though we brought 10+ rooms here and spent 7k at the club on property plus rooms revenue and food revenue.  Bad service, me and all my friends will never return here when we can go right next door to the aria or mandarin and actually be treated as a valued guest!!
