My husband ate here this past week  for lunch and were disappointed by the food.  My husband chose the restaurant because it was listed as the best new restaurant in Vegas.  Hmm....well so we ordered the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom soup, white sangria and the mix paella.  The croquetas were not evenly cooked, parts in the middle were semi warm verging on cold and other parts were hot.  The wild mushroom soup was good, that was the only dish we liked.  The white sangria seemed more like a white wine spritzer...where was the fruitiness?...surely not the thin piece of apple they added to our glasses?  Anyway, onto the $50 pan of paella...the rice was totally undercooked....pretty much crunchy in the middle of all the pieces, the lobster was overcooked and there just didn't seem to be much paella in the pan granted it wasn't good enough that we even finished the pan.  However, based on the amount of dishes we ordered we could have easily polished off the paella had it been decent.  This was not a great experience for us, our waitress was okay, though she disappeared in the middle of our meal for quite a long stretch without checking on us.
This is the worst place we have EVER eaten!!!! That's all I have to say!. Wait one more thing YUCK! I just threw up a little in my mouth after that horrible meal! Stay away! Treat it as if you would get A rash just for eating there.
Don't do it. Way too expensive for the portions. Yes, it's tapas, but so tiny at $12 a plate. It should be more like $6-$9 even if it is swanky Las Vegas at the newest hotel. Plus, we found it odd that the food came out instantly. Clearly not made to order. After spending $100 here, we left hungry enough to go back upstairs to order room service.  There's better places to go. Don't be a sucker.
Ok...hold on to your hat for this one! This last monday  I was sitting at the bar having dinner. The hostess trapped a spider in a cup put a lid on it and passed to the the appitizer chef who was working right in front of me.  It was horrible , they thought they were being funny  but the chef added some food to the cup and was planning a joke on someone...OMG i was appalled. I reluctanly ate and left for fear of what may happen to me if i said something.  This was just rediculous.  The bartender who waited on me was very nice thats the only plus.
We went here for restaurant week lunch.  I guess I should have looked at the regular menu prior to eating here.  I thought they had regular sized entrees but what came out was tapas.  The menu they put up on the restaurant week web site should give some indication that tapas was what was being offered.  While the food tasted fine, I have never gone to a restaurant and left more hungry than when I arrived.  After lunch, two of my companions went to the coffee shop and the other bought a doughnut at the coffee stand.  None of the three are over 110 lbs and they left starving.  Frankly, while dining out, I cannot remember a time I felt more ripped off in my life and I eat out an average of 10 times a week.
Lobster salad comes with free bug.. . We took clients to lunch.  1/3 way through my lobster salad, a lady bug crawled out from beneath the greens.  ugh.  We sent it back.. . I wasn't really impressed with the other dishes.  They weren't bad, just not memorable.. . I was a bit surprised the manager didn't come by the table to apologize, and perhaps offer desert or something ... no one acknowledged the bug.  Yes, it was *only* a ladybug, but still ...  Even worse, they didn't remove the item from the bill.. . Since it was a client lunch I didn't want to make an issue of it.  But, for the $ I would have expected better service.. . I will give huge props to the general manager.  After reading my survey feedback on my experience, he promptly contacted me (on a weekend, no less).  He was very nice and they did adjust the bill quite a bit more than just removing the salad.  5 stars for him and his attempt to make it right.. . Without the bug incident, I still would just give the place 2.5 stars.  Not really worth the cost.  . . Sorry, Julian Serrano.
Came here in January for lunch and I was disappointed.  Everything was too salty.  Someone in the kitchen had a heavy hand.  I complaint aboutit and the server told me it was salty because every dish is finished with finishing sea salt.  Ok i get that, I use it all the time to finish some of my dishes, but when I've over salted my food to begin with and on top of that I use finishing salt then it becomes really salty...duh! I know what finishing salt does, but i don't think their cook knows how to use it.  My lips pruned up after this meal and I had to drink about a gallon of water afterwards. .  . I would probably not go back again.
stayed at the aria 2/6 - 2/7.  had lunch here after check in on the 6th.. . had the monkfish, rissoto, potatoes, spinich, lobster salad, fisherman's soup.. . monkfish had no taste - skip this.. . potatoes were not crisp.  i think they were pre cooked and leftover from the super bowl weekend.. . lobster salad was ok only.. . spinich was spinich.  not hard to make but very hard to screw up.. . my buddy had the soup but he said it was fine.. . we got talked into this place when we approached.  if a place has to talk you into eating there, don't go.  i should've lived by this rule but i paid the price for not.. . the funny thing is that i was bad mouthing this place to my dinner companions that same evening and one of them echoed my exact sentiments.
So i went here expecting really good tapas, but what i got was over cooked crap that i wouldn't feed a dog. It was clear that when the food came out and it was barely warm they were pre-cooking everything, then warming it up quickly and serving it. There is no way that it could be  prepared fresh and served as quickly as it was. The sauces were over powering the rest of the flavors, and a whole list of other issues. We left and went to another place.
I was reluctant to believe the reviewer who reported food poisoning, and so we eagerly ate at Julian Serrano. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner -- the food was great and so was the service. Then I got sick the next day. And 3 days later, I'm still not able to enjoy eating. As good as that may be for my waistline, it's a pretty serious indictment of the food storage and prep at this restaurant. The food may be wonderful, but if it makes me sick, I'll never visit again.
Most disappointing dinner I have had in a long time. We got 4 Tapas and none were great. Skirt Steak was bland. Ahi Tuna was not so fresh. And the dates were tiny. I'd rate this place a must miss.
Meh to the nth....My husband I went here wanting something casual as we spent the day hiking and were in no mood to play dress up.  He did enjoy his salad, which looked fine, he also got a "pizza" appetizer which to me looked like it belonged in the take out section of a Trader Joe's, he said it was ok.  I do not eat meat, poultry or seafood so I was happy that they had a vegetarian section, but the mushroom risotto was very bland and tasteless (and I am used to risottos) and I also got the roasted peppers which did not taste roasted at all, more like boiled baby food - no other flavors I could detect - it was actually a pretty gross cold mess.  (To be fair this place may excel at their meat and seafood selections which we did not have). The by cup wine is expensive, which is fine, but the selection is somewhat off putting - very generic.  The service was spotty.  We seemed to be completely forgotten after being initially served until bill time came, and my second glass of vinegary wine was never delivered.  I skipped dessert because I had no expectations things would get better.  I am not a super fussy person, (I am from Chicago - foodie heaven) and I had no problems with the prices but I expect something above just edible.  It made me sorry we did not go back to Mon Ami Gabi, where the food is reliable, the service and the wine selection is great and you can sit outside in the fresh air.  Alas.... I felt like I just wasted my time at Julian Serrano.
Worst waiter ever.. . This place was on my maybe list for my Vegas trip, only because they serve paella.  It turned out to be convenient, so we went.  It was 3:30 in the afternoon, and mostly empty in there.. . I ordered the mixed paella as soon as the waiter from hell came to our table, as we were going to see Le Reve that night.. That waiter NEVER came back to see if we wanted drinks or anything else from the menu.  I had to flag his sorry ass down to order a beer.  They ran out of the one I wanted to try, and he said there was one not on the menu, he hesitated because it's "strong."  It was not.  He must be used to drinking piss water.  But it wasn't that.  He saw an Asian woman and applied his ignorant stereotypes.. That dip shit appeared to provide service to the few other occupied tables around us, but not us.. When the paella arrived, I took a picture.  After that, there was a very marked difference in that waiter's attitude.  All of a sudden, he became friendly.  Well what do you know about that.. . He never took the menus from our table.  And some other guy came to take the other two place settings from the four top we sat, right in the middle of our meal.. A waitress, she was Asian, who had started her shift as we began our meal, came over right away and removed the menus.. . The flavors of the paella were good. There was no crust to speak of, though.  Also, one of the handful of mussels in it had a broken shell.  So.  The kitchen sees this broken shell on a shellfish, and decides to just send it out as is.  Wth.  You're not supposed to do that, especially not for a $50 dish.. . What a joke of a restaurant.  Except for that waitress, the only person in there who knew what she was doing. The hostess was great too.
Decor is nice, and looks trendy but that's about it. Very expensive - I don't mind expensive if it's good. And it was mediocre. First of all, it is very loud because half of the place is open facing the lobby of Aria. We had 9:30 pm reservations - quickly seated. We ordered 4 tapas - sauteed spinach, bell pepper, seared scallop, and bass. The portions were super tiny. I have had tapas before but jeez- for $15 a place- they were the size of a lemon. Ridiculous. Spinach was good but had some weird white chunks that tasted sour. Red bell pepper, the size of a ver small lemon was cold and lacked any flavor. The scallops ( came with 3) were ok, seared not quite well on outside and a little undercooked on the inside. The bass- 2 little slices- were ok- sauteed so skin was crunchy but for $20 it was crazy. Service was just so so, I noticed service was better at bigger tables or tables that ordered lots of alcohol. Seems like this is the place to go to be seen and to show off, nothing about the food or service impressed. It was beautiful on the surface, but nothing else. Will not go again. Save your money and go to a nice expensive Buffett.
I am writing this update because I had such a bad experience. My first was fine and this was just horrible. I made my reservation for 5:30 for 4 people. We sat down with 3 people waiting on the 4th. The waitress took about 10 minutes to reach our table. We told her to brig the Sangria ( which tasted like pure sugar water this time) and a calamari for and app. She brought the items and we told her we would be ordering the Paella because it takes 40 minutes to cook. She said fine and walked away. . . After about 25 minutes I called her over and asked if we could order. I also just wanted to double check with her that she put the paella in for 4 people . She looked at me like I was crazy. She said no, she put it in for 2 people. WHAT??? We have a table of 4. She said we should just order an extra item off of the menu if we were still hungry. I asked for the manager right away.. . The manager came over and I explained the situation. He said he would try and get a 4 person paella expedited for us. He came out 5 minutes later and said we were so lucky because someone else had ordered a 4 person and he would just give us theirs. After we had all of our small plates, which were good they brought out the paella. OMG was this a joke? You could see right away that the rice was not cooked. We asked them to serve it up and they just glared at us and left a spoon. We tried eating it and the rice was so raw it was literally sticking to our teeth. We were picking it out. I called the manager back over. We asked him to taste it, he did and said that is how they serve it. What a liar. I have had the paella here so many times and never tasted this kind of crap. . . He took it away and we just ordered the donuts for dessert. We ordered 2 orders so we could all have some. They brought out 3 and also a flan that tasted horrible and no one ate. The manager came back over and said he had removed several things off of our check. When we got the check, they charged us for half of a paella and 3 orders of donuts. WHAT??? GET THE MANAGER!! He came over again about 10 minutes later with a new check and said "oh here is your real check". Are you serious Mr. Manager? Nice try ripping me off. . . This was a disaster and I will never return to this restaurant. What a joke! This place is not cheap and they should have it together by now. That waitress and manager should be fired for playing silly little games. Oh and by the way even after the removal of the paella we still spent roughly $300- So we were really not looking for a free meal, just good food and service.
Tapas bar is trendy and modern.   I am a 61 YO pharmacist and was the oldest person in the dining area.  The hostess stuck us in the far and dark corner of the restaurant but we told her to seat us near the front.  We got a tiny table  which was not big enough for the small plates that were served to patrons. It was like a juggling act.  constantly tried to transfer food from many plates to our very small dinner plate. We had to stack the plates due to lack of table space.  Our server had a slight attitude toward us but just ignored it.  The food looked great but tasted average.  I wish I would have given the $90 to a homeless guy/girl instead of wasting it at the tapas bar.  If you are under 35 yo , I think you will get great service.
My experience here marks the official end of on-strip dining for me. People who enjoy being ripped off and know nothing of food quality will be pleased with Julian Serrano, but the rest us, who have standards and work hard for our money, will be incredibly disappointed. . . It's hard not be attracted to this restaurant, with it's dazzling modern decor, and long line of people of waiting, you'd think it's a sure thing ... only it's not. My epic fail of a meal started with a $16 lamb chop tapa, which came with 1 lamb chop, ONE, which translates to about 3 bites of food. I get that tapas are small, but for $16, that's roughly $5 a bite! In Spain tapas are either free or extremely cheap, so this is just ridiculous. I also saw a stuffed pepper appetizer come across my table that featured 2 teeny tiny red peppers (about the size of half a crayon each). The tapas I sampled were good, but for those prices, they should have had gold nuggets or loose diamonds in them. . . Next up was paella, at $22 per person, this was literally the most offensively bland dish I have ever had in my life. EVER. And we waited 40 minutes for it! The Chef might as well have come out and openly laughed in my face at that point, because that's how I felt, like a damned fool. Rice-a-roni from a box is exponentially better that this crap. . . Now I know why Julian Serrano is the executive chef at Picasso because no professional chef be would be caught dead at this establishment.
Question:  Is tapas Spanish for diarrhea?  Terrible experience.  Charged for bar nuts and seeded olives.  Awful servicer, recommended shittiest items (assuming) on the menu.  Chef ran out of all seasoning and herbs other than salt.  Charged for extra order of bone-in ceviche which was not requested.  Misery of experience long lasting.  Save yourself discomfort and dine at Sage, directly across the hall.
To say our experience and the related food here was sub par would be a vast understatement. The great reviews on Yelp along with recommendations from friends made us very excited to come here and boy were we shocked. Every item we ordered off the menu was poorly executed (read over/undercooked and a total lack of seasoning). This was only further exacerbated when I asked our server how an item on the menu was prepared to which he stated he wasn't sure but he would go ask the chef. We didn't hear anything from him for about 15 minutes so I finally flagged him down to follow up, only to have him state with a dumbfounded look that he did not have an answer because he "could not find the chef." We ordered two more entrees after this, 1 fish (the one which I had the unanswered question about) and 1 chicken. Suffice it to say, the fish came out horribly overlooked and chicken undercooked (YIKES I KNOW), and again both were completely under seasoned.  To top it all off, for a $300 meal the service was completely piss poor, the waiter never came by to ask how things were nor did anyone ever follow up.. . So in summary, considering the server could not find a chef in the entire restaurant, our experience is far from surprising albeit inexcusable. That being said I can't help but feel robbed in 2 ways, one of the over $300 we spent on this terrible meal, and two of the amazing culinary experience we were promised and went to enjoy on a very special occasion.
Ugh this place is so overrated. It was crowded when we went and very loud as well with drunk people. The person behind me kept bumping into me, since the tables are pretty close together, and at one point dropped his glass which shattered next to my leg. Yay. The restaurant isn't even enclosed within walls, which made it seem less like a high end restaurant. Our waiter was extremely rude to us as well, and stood on the far end of our long table (we had a big party) to take our orders. When he couldn't hear what we said, instead of coming closer, he made us shout across the table as he impatiently made us repeat ourselves. He had this look on his face that screamed "I hate my job".. . We ordered something that was supposed to be like fancy fried rice, but I've had better friedrice at a takeout place. The tapas are nearly impossible to share with a big party, unless you plan on splitting that asparagus into 6 pieces, forget it. Food was definitely not what I expected from a high end Vegas casino restaurant. I left still hungry, and wanted to go get some In-n-out afterwards.
I really wish I could give this place a few more stars considering how much money we spent there.  We came here for the foie gras but were told that it's no longer on the menu.  Given that we were all starving we decided to start with a bunch of appetizers.   Besides the stuffed dates, the appetizers warn't very good.  We kept ordering more and more tapas hoping to get wowed, but everything  that came out was mediocre.  Our final dish was the paella, and we hardly touched it, it was more like a jambalaya than anything else.  Finally it came time for dessert and we ordered the chocolate lava cake and the fruits.  The chocolate lava cake was amazing but the fruits made us all giggle.  It was a bowl of pretty much all apples with some whip cream on top.  I don't know, I guess we all expected a little bit more considering it was in Aria and it was highly rated on Yelp
