Where do I possibly start....  It's pretty unbelievable to me that anyone gave this place a decent review for anything but the shakes, which to be honest... were fantastic.  Quite possibly some of the best shakes I ever had.  So why just one star?. . Well...  When I go somewhere that specializes in burgers, I'd expect the burger to be great, at least good...  I would have even settled for mediocre...  Instead, it was easily the worst burger I have ever had...  I'd take McDonald's over this (I hate McDonald's), and for the price I could have had McDonald's 10 times over.  . . So how bad was it?  Well...  Ever had a burger that was cooked on charcoal before all the butane finished burning off?  Well... this was worse.  This was kind of like directly eating that charcoal...  So maybe I just got unlucky with that ONE burger?  No such luck, because the waitress took it back, exchanged it for another, DIFFERENT burger, and it was almost as bad.  At this point, I am not sending it back again because I certainly don't want them to spit in it.. . I really wanted to like this burger.  Hell, I wanted to LOVE it.  The descriptions and promised flavors were so enticing...  But all I could taste was burnt charcoal.. . The waitress said that some people are extra sensitive to the charcoal flavor, but my friend had the same bad experience.  Besides... this is the first and only time I have ever experienced a burger like that. . . If I ever go back to Cosmo, I might have a shake there, but never another burger.  What a waste.
So, I went to Holstein's for my friend's birthday and this isn't a place that I would recommend for others.  Although the food I had ordered (Hen's House) was a tasty burger, the service was one of the worse places I have ever been to.. . I arrived late for the party, but when I sat down it took about 15 minutes to get a glass of water.  Our waitress saw me sit down didn't even bother to ask me what I wanted to drink and just didn't return until she asked what I wanted to order (I had to ask a busser for a glass of water).. . Our server was not helpful at all.  She wasn't friendly and didn't assist us when we had questions.  In fact, we had to ask another waitress who was very kind and helpful (I totally forgot to get her name).  Our waitress asked if we wanted dessert, but then took forever to get back to us (about 15-20 minutes).  During that time we tried to get her attention and 2 other workers and all we got from all three of them (in a row) was a finger held up to us, indicating us to just wait.  No "I'll be right with you", or "Please, give me a minute", just a finger help up to us 3 different times from 3 different workers.. . We were pretty upset about the wait time as well as the service that we decided not to order dessert and just get our bill and leave.  We had friends that were hanging out at the bar at Holsteins (who were waiting for a while to order drinks) and come to find out, the bartender did the exact thing that we got, a finger held up to telling them to hold on.
The burgers were ok, not that great.. . The SERVICE was horrible!!!! It was by far the worst service I have ever experienced! First, we got there and i had to ask twice for a water...ok no biggy, but the worsssst was when i got my burger and I kindly asked the waiter for an extra side of pickles- BIG MISTAKE, he rolled his eyes at me!!! . . Needless to say, I love the cosmopolitan, but I will not be returning to Holsteins again.
In all honesty, the food was pretty good. But this doesn't overshadow the fact that the service was among the worst I've ever had. They "lost" my reservation, attempted to overcharge, and were super super slow. If I could give this place less than one star I would. Beware.
What a disappointing experience! My fiance and I chose Holsteins this past Sunday. We arrived at 8pm and the hostesses asked if we had a reservation. We did not, and they weren't seating until 8:45pm without reservations, which is fine, so we went to another fine Block 16 Hospitality establishment across the street--Pinks--as we were in a hurry. . . After eating our delicious hotdogs, we went back to the Cosmopolitan and asked the hostesses if we could make a reservation for after the concert we were headed to that evening. They told us that we couldn't make a reservation but it shouldn't be a problem as their last seating was 11:45pm. . . Fast forward, the concert ended and we hurried over to Holsteins and arrived at 11:30pm. We waited our turn in line and then the hostess informed us that they were no seating. Now I'm upset so I complained and asked for a manager's contact information and instead of giving it to me, they seated me. . . The service by our server, Scot, was TERRIBLE. He was clearly bothered by our late seating, noting upon arriving at the table, "Well, you guys sure got a late seat". Not hello. No greeting. Terrible. He took our orders (food and drink) all at once so that we could make it a faster dining experience. My milkshake came out as did our friend's diet coke but my fiance's Miller Lite didn't come andthen the food arrived. I asked the runner about the beer and 5 minutes after the food arrived, Scot runs by, slams an unopened can of Miller Lite down on the table and then runs away. He didn't inquire about our food. He didn't open the beer. He was just generally absent from the entire experience and made us feel rushed and unwelcome. . . The food was delicious but overcooked. I asked for my burger, The Gold Standard, rare and received a burger that was tan with a hot pink center. Same for my fiance. Additionally, both of us became violently ill about 2 hours later that evening. As someone who works in the service industry living in a town that revolves around service, this experience was extremely disappointing.
Holsteins is probably the most mismanaged restaurant I have ever been to.  Typically, when Igo to Vegas, I like to have at least one meal that isn't quite as formal (and we typically pick something fun like Burger Bar, BLT Burger, Pink Taco, etc).  This time we decided to try Holsteins mostly because the Cosmopolitan is such a nice hotel.  Unfortunately Holsteins wasn't up to par with the service level in the rest of the hotel.  It took about 30 minutes to get our food and they got the order wrong.  They corrected the food part but never gave us our drinks.  About halfway through our meal, the waitress informed us that they weren't making the drink my wife ordered that night (very strange) and they still hadn't got my strawberry milkshake.  We finished our meal and one of the managers came by to clear our plates.  He asked how our meal was and I informed him that I still hadn't gotten my strawberry shake (had mentioned it to the waitress when she was by earlier).  It finally arrived about 15 minutes later (in fairness, the manager did apologize and took the shake off our bill).  We noticed 2 other tables complaining also about the time it was taking to get their food.  All throughout this process they typically had 6 people on the floor (2 cocktail servers in bright red dresses who the bus boys were just hanging around and flirting with, a couple of hostesses...one that was just standing in the middle of the floor and doing nothing, and a couple of managers that weren't doing much of anything).  Although they couldn't just go to the back and flip burgers, my thought process throughout was that they should have had less front end people and more in the kitchen.  If this is typical of this restaurant, we will just frequent the other burger restaurants the next time we're in town Honestly, they're a dime a dozen in Vegas and the service at the other places I mentioned is far superior to Holsteins.
For the price it is not worth it! The turkey burger was like a hockey puck! And the fries were average, 14$ for a drink and 17.5 dollar for an "aged" burger that was okay but not worth 17.5 dollars! Stick with one of the other wonderful restaurants in the cosmopolitan Comme' Ca was awesome or China Poblano right next door was delish!
Probably one of the worst places that calls themselves a burger joint, my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try so we ordered a couple of things we had the duck fat fries, the chicken and waffles and 2 different burgers. . .  Let's just say the duck fat fries were the biggest disappointment, they definitely need to do some research and find out what duck fat fries should be. The chicken and waffles was soooo bad, and the burger.... Let's not even go there.... So bad. . So I stupidly decided to give it another try, I ordered the gold standard, i ordered it medium, and it showed up 2 minutes after i had ordered it.... Meaning that it had been precooked... Who knows how long that burger had been sitting because they were not busy enough to keep precooked burgers, and they don't even grind their own meat!!! Yeah I couldn't finish it, and I can say I'm never going back, nor would I recommend this place to anyone.
Portions were really small and ridiculously over priced. . . The free kettle corn was amazingly salty and after each bite you hope that the next bite won't be as salty as the last. I had the tacos as appetizers. There was three of them and it was very good. Again, small and over priced. As an entree, I ordered the mushroom burger and that  also tasty and small.
OMG! THE MUSIC IS SO LOUD! NO REALLY! YOU PROBABLY DIDN'T HEAR ME OVER THE LOUD MUSIC SO I'LL SAY IT AGAIN-- THE MUSIC IS SO LOUD!!! . . WHAT? WHAT DID YOU SAY? WHAT DID I ORDER? IT DOESN'TMATTER BECAUSE THE WAITRESS COULDN'T HEAR ME OVER THE LOUD MUSIC!. . Seriously. Had a reservation, got seated, and quite literally the waitress had a hard time taking our party of four orders BECAUSE THE MUSIC WAS SO LOUD. Worse we couldn't understand a thing she said/asked either BECAUSE THE MUSIC WAS SO LOUD. Each of our four orders  went something like this.. . Customer, "I'll have the _____ burger." . Waitress, "Which one?". Customer, "The _____ burger.". Waitress, now pointing to the menu, "Which one?". Customer now also points to the burger on the menu.. Waitress, "The _____ burger? How would you like that cooked?". Customer, "What?". Waitress, now shouting very slowly, "HOW ... WOULD ... YOU ... LIKE ... THAT ... COOKED?". Customer, now also shouting very slowly, "MEE ... DEE ... UMM ... RARE!". Waitress, "WHAT KIND OF FRIES WOULD YOU LIKE?!". Customer, "WHAT?!". Waitress, sighs. . Customer, sighs.. . As noted in other reviews the food is prepared well and is quite tasty but not sizeable. Burgers are about the size of a regular fast food burger. You get choice of fries, either steak or shoestring. Again, the amount is the size of a standard fast food fry. The shakes are also good but, again, not sizeable. On average 1 burger & fry + 1 shake = $30 with tax and tip.. . So using the taste vs. cost vs. size vs. uncomfortable ambiance equation we arrive at a mere 1 star.. . WHAT? . I SAID ONE STAR! . WHAT?!. sigh.
Well just got back from vegas my wife and I stumbled upon this place I was not all that hungry but my wife wanted a salad on the menu so I ordered the chicken and waffles off the appetizer menu. Well I got one silver dollar cold waffle 3 decent chicked strips and a cup of Ice cold syrup....it was terrible If I had more time I would of sent it back. My wifes salad lets say she was not thrilled with it... waste of $25...Oh I forgot they dropped off a compliments of the chef mini bucket of popcorn which was well a joke ...Would I give it another try maybe but I would try maybe a burger...
I ate at this place last week as I was in town for the 2012 ces convention.  As we got there, there were about 4 servers just standing sound doing nothing.  It wasn't busy at all.  We got seated right away and got our drinks.  This place pretty much has only burgers and shakes. I got the original burger and it was very good and very juicy my complaint was not with the food, it was all about the service.  I personally drink a lot of waterwhen I done out like 3-4-5 cups.  I don't know why but I do haha.  Our waiter kept ignoring our table during out ENTIRE MEAL!  He kept on flirting with the bartender the whole time.  I'm a very patient man but this was ridiculous.  If the service wasn't this bad I would have given this place 4 stars easy. All it takes is one bad waiter to ruin my dining experience.  I won't be back.
Bad service and our burgers tasted like the gas  that was used for the stove. VERY disappointed. Won't be coming back again.
Bad customer service!!! The management was very rude. I asked that my burger be cut in half, the restaurant is half empty. They told me the chef is too busy to cut it and we can bring you a knife (one story), They don't do it for presentation (second story).  Excuse me, but if am paying $17.00 for a burger, and I want it cut, you should cut it for me. I don't care a burger is a burger and where did your customer service go..? So rude!!  If you care about how you are treated, don't eat here. We walked out.
How Long Does It Take?. . On a weekend trip to Las Vegas, we decided to stop by to get our fill of some burgers. We arrived around 1pm on a Sunday afternoon and were told that a table of 3 would have a waiting period of approximately 30 minutes. They would take down our phone number, we would leave and actually get called back within 10 minutes. This is starting out to be a good experience, but...... . Our orders were taken fairly quickly and we were eager to begin our meal. After about 45 minutes of waiting, we started to get restless. Not only were we starving, but we had not heard from our waitress. We flagged her down and inquired about our order. When she returned, she said she wasn't sure why it was taking so long, so she offered us some cheese popcorn. . . We inhaled the 1st round of popcorn and a 2nd round was offered since our food was still being prepared. Our hunger for food continued to mount and with still no food in sight, our waitress offered to give us some steak fries. Again, another 2 rounds of fries came out and after an hour of waiting for our food, we finally received our order. . . Ahi Sliders, Korean "Bull" GoGi and the Rising sun were ordered. The Ahi sliders were served between 2 buns that appeared to have been chilled. I don't know about most, but cold bread to me is not edible. Both the Korean "Bull" GoGi and Rising Sun burgers were overly charred on the outside to the point that they had this burnt taste to them (both were ordered to be cooked Medium). This was quite disappointing and most of the meal was not even finished. . . After our meal, the waitress comes over and asks why we didn't finish the ahi sliders because she notices that most people don't. I am thinking Really?!? We told her the buns were a bit cold and it didn't go well with the ahi. She went on and asked how did we enjoy the burgers and we told her about the burnt taste. She said that's what Holstein's prides itself in cooking their burgers and that some customers like the charred taste on their burgers. I don't know where these customers reside from, but they should understand that burnt/charred food is unhealthy. I do give her credit as she did whatever she could to keep our spirits up throughout the meal and tried to keep our dining experience a positive one, but..... . When we were settling the bill, we wanted to use our Groupon to be applied to the bill. This was a headache as the fries from earlier that were supposed to have been comped by our waitress were included on the bill. Trying to apply the Groupon just confused the manager/waitress even more. Overall, the dining experience did not live up to our expectations. I'd rather roll over to Burger Bar next time.
Update 8/20: Here's a message I received from Ashley R., who I suspect to be an employee of Holsteins. I've censored the expletive from the note.. . "It's cause ur Asian and u won't tip good even if u got good service, so f--- off". . Something management and potential customers should be well aware of and perhaps provide Miss Ashley with an English course. Cause = A person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition. . . . . HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE!!. . I had the Gold Standard burger which was EXCELLENT even though overpriced but I can not give this place more than 1 star due to the horrible service.. . After sitting down our server took about 5 minutes to come greet us, which is understandable being it was busy. In a rush, we had our order ready and she walked away with our order. 10 minutes go by and we are not yet served our drinks. Finally our drinks come and the burger hits the table. But, we didn't have our silverware yet! So the food runner brought us silverware since our waitress was no where to be found. During our meal the waitress never came to check if our burger was good. Not once! . . After we were finished eating we sat around for about 10-15 minutes waiting with empty water glasses to ask for the check. Our waitress was no where to be found!  We asked the host to grab our waitress for the check and we saw him walk over to the center of the restaurant to look for her. Another 10 minutes go by and he couldn't find her. At this point, I walked up to the bar and asked if I could pay my bill there but unfortunately I couldn't. . . Another 10 minutes go by and we see the host finally find our waitress. She drops the check off after 5 minutes and I hand it right back to her with a card. We watch her go take a drink order from another table and come back with the drinks for that table.. But, she didn't have our check ready! Another 5 minutes go by and the waitress is no where to be seen. At this point we are extremely frustrated and demand to see a manager. After speaking with the manager, she brings us the check and does not even apologize. . . All in all the experience took over an hour and we only saw our server twice. Once to take our order and another after we requested our check through the host. Will never visit this place again.
i would give this place NO STARS if i could! for the worst service ever!. . My boyfriend and I went to Vegas during EDC weekend and we wanted to stop by for a quick bite at Holsteins. . the wait was super long so we decided to just sit in the lounge area where we thought we could easily just grab a QUICK bite and leave, but little did I know it was going to be the WORST EXPERIENCE ever.. . i had the Gold Standard which was pretty good, but the SERVICE was AWFUL.. . our waitress first took forever to come greet us, then took like 20 minutes to get us water and get our orders. finally we eat and then afterwards, we wanted to leave because we were in VEGAS and didnt want to waste time sitting here. we waited and waited and saw the waitress for the table next to us at least 3 times and NEVER saw ours. finally we asked the other waitress to get our waitress but again she never came. the host stand was near our table and he noticed that we were waiting so he went to go get her. again, another 10-15 minutes go by and she doesnt show. the host obviously feels bad and goes to get her again and finally the waitress shows, no apology or anything, just drops off the check and leaves.. we wait for her to come back to get our card and she disappears AGAIN. finally some random employee comes and grabs our check and we leave... we literally ate in like 20 minutes and waited 45min-1hour just to pay and leave.. . the waitress was SO RUDE and this was absolutely the worst meal and service i had in vegas.. the waitress who was waiting the tables next to us seemed very quick so maybe we just got stuck with the awful one.
Let me just cut to the chase on this review, DO NOT EAT HERE. I love fine dining and have no problem dropping a good amount of money on a good meal, but I've never had a worse dining experience than at Holsteins. With that being said, let me explain myself.. . I had been to Holsteins once before my nightmare of an experience with them, and had a decent experience, the food was good, but none of the visit was anything noteworthy. On my second visit we came to celebrate a friend's 21st birthday, her having chose the venue. We were all dressed up and went to Holsteins sparing no expense and had plans to go to Marquee Monday after dinner. We were seated promptly, and all was well. We then each ordered several drinks, burgers, appetizers, shakes, youname it, and we were all just getting into our meals when our waiter came to fill our water glasses. As he filled our water glasses he accidentally knocked one over, spilling water onto my meal as well as my friend next to me.  We jumped back, as the water was ice cold and we were surprised. He panicked and then promptly began to mop up the water. As he did so, he leaned heavily on our table and the table toppled over, knocking our drinks and food into my friends lap, as well as mine. My friend was wearing white pants, so their cranberry and vodka and my birthday cake cocktail made their white pants look like a menstrual accident. Our waiter went to retrieve some towels, and another staff member tried to bring towels as well. The pants were not salvageable, nor was my barely touched meal. I had ordered a burger and fries, a 13 or 14 dollar cocktail, and an appetizer, all of which were destroyed. I'd only had a sip of my cocktail, less than half of my burger, and just a mere fried pickle before my food was doused with cocktails and spilled into our laps. Our waiter apologized, but no solution was offered. No one asked if they could replace our soiled, inedible meals, or offered to cover our portion of the bill.. . I work in a company that prides itself on flawless customer service, and was appalled at the response I received. We were handed our bills and nothing more was said. My friend and I were livid! Any half decent restaurant manager would have comped our entire party and apologized profusely, but he didn't even come to see our party and apologize when the waiter informed him of the situation. We payed our bill and I asked the hostess to see the manager. He came out to talk to me and was the epitome of a young, overly confident prick. I recanted the story of what happened at our table and he stared blanky at me until I finished speaking. His exact words were "I am sorry about the inconvenience, but I saw the whole thing happen, and it was you guys moving the table that caused it." . . At this point I was seething with rage. I told him that he wasn't even on the restaurant floor when it happened, and that we had completely leaned away from the table witht the initial spill. He just stared at me with glazed eyes, and nodded his head. I then told him that I knew he really didn't care what I was saying and I didn't appreciate him being patronizing rather than showing any form of empathy. Words cannot describe how horrific this manager was, and because of his lack of any sense I will never give any of my business to this restaurant ever again. I'm quite frankly floored that such an incredible establishment like the Cosmopolitan would allow such people to run one of their restaurants.. . All I can say is don't waste your time, the service alone makes this establishment boycott worthy. Save your money and eat elsewhere on the strip. I've heard horror stories about strip eateries, but I've never heard or experienced one as ghastly nightmarish as this.  So again, DO NOT EAT HERE.
Ok so to start of the place is nicely designed and very hip. This is the only reason i even chose to give it a star.  The Menu is sharp and creative.  Holstein's is a burger bar and restaurant but are best known for their extensive list of alcoholic milkshakes which at $15+ each are tasty but a little hard to swallow.. . We had 4 people for dinner, the total was $160 and it was to say the least, one of the worse burgers I have ever eaten...EVER.. . I started off and had a milk shake which was good, a little hard to swallow at $12 but at least it tasted good. We ordered the BILLIONAIRE BURGER $28 Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo and the GOLD STANDARD Burger   $17.5 Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli.. I told our slightly slow server several time MAKE SURE THE BURGERS ARE MEIDUM-RARE.  . . After a 40 minute wait time, the burgers arrived, and they looked AMAZING.   I took my first bite and was unpleasantly surprised by the rapid sizzle of the skin on the roof of my mouth. Slightly alarmed by the burning feeling I removed the bun to see what was going on.  The entire roof of my mouth was burned on a quarter size piece of foie-gras in my burger.  Apparently NO ONE bothered to consider learning how to prepare foie-gras before apply for a job at Holsteins and instead fried the hell out of it in a pan.  My rather nicely sized $30 burger had a piece of foie-gras on it that was the size of a quarter and burned.  . . What I received was far from a medium-rare burger.  The greasy, oily and hard to swallow burger was far from delicious and even further away from edible.  I asked the server if this was a joke and showed him the inside of the burger I had taken one bite of.   Confused and surprised, he apologized and said he will be back. After waiting for 10 minutes he returned and apologized mentioning that the "Size of Fie-Gras varies in each burger"  ....the question is by how much?  . . In an effort to make the most out of this horrible ordeal, I ordered a piece of foie-gras to place on my burger and requested they don't fry the hell out of it.  The server told me that it would be $20 extra which I told him was clearly not a problem. It arrived 20 minutes later once the burger was cold.  Once again it arrived burned to a brown color and tasted almost as bad as my now cold and tasteless $30 burger. . . To be fair the place is very cute and well designed, the staff is polite but slow and poorly trained. . .  The service is sub fast-food quality.  Our server was slow and didn't take orders very well.   . . Overall, I would never go back and have Holstein's again unless it was for a $15 milk shake which was good but sadly not good enough.
Loved that I came here for a shake and the server said they weren't serving anymore and then a buss boy walks by with two shakes!!!! Wtf not cool..
Sure, the food tastes pretty good here - especially when you're drunk and hungry, but let's be honest, any burger would be satisfying at that point. Overpriced, terrible service, snooty atmosphere, and too crowded. Spend your money elsewhere - there are plenty of places to eat in Vegas
My friends and I came here after finding out the wait at Caesar's Bacchanal was over four hours long. I ordered a rising sun burger cooked medium and shared a milkshake with a friend. Later that night, I started feeling dizzy and disoriented so I excused myself to my room. What ensued was 12+ hours of severe food poisoning. I have never experienced such terrible food poisoning in my life. I finally had to go to the ER the next day because I'm from out of town and I had to check out of the hotel. I could barely get up from the bathroom floor.. . So yeah. Basically the worst food related experience of my life.
This place is just horrible. I'll admit the fancy and alcoholic shakes are cool but the food is just plain average - and with so much great food in Vegas I will never go here again.  We tried the quesadillas, sliders, fries and one of the recommended appetizers. Consistently blah.  Pretty disappointed since they place looks very cool. So many choices in this town, the only way this place survives is because they get so many first timers.
After checking out so many places to eat for dinner we made it to Holsteins and I was excited about a made in house veggie burger and that the sides are included in the $17 burgers making it a bit cheaper than other gourmet burger options in Vegas.. The first hostess told us there would be a wait even though the didning area wasn't full but we could sit at the bar.. They had a tiny what they called "lounge" consisting of 4 tables and two chairs each so we took that.. I asked if we could order and have drinks until a table is free so we don't have to eat below our knees.. Nope not possible to move once you sat down...WTF???. Ok I was hungry so we ordered, the Longhorn with steak fries for the man, veggie burger and salad for me which was a $3 upgrade.. I hate when they do that, the few leaves of lettuce they give you don't cost more than the wedges my husband got, punishing you for trying to balance out your meal.. Our waitress the dumbest isch I've ever come across.. She was cooing over the single male patrons for a tip but dragged her ass bringing our stuff, got the drink order, the salad, my burger, everything wrong.. The food tasted  like crap, honestly.. I got my burger 15 minutes before my side salad and since I like it together I waited.. Wrong dressing, wait again.. By then burger cold, mushy, nasty and very wrong tasting.. Complain to manager that the waitress is a complete waste of space and the food horrible, my meal comped.. Barfed as soon as I made it back to my hotel room, thanks Holsteins!
On Sunday the 21st April 2013 we went here before our flight home. My wife asked hostess. Politely . If you could send the waitress over quickly since we had a flight to catch the  hostess ignored us  finally we flagged down the waitress. Ordered a turkey burger warped in lettuce no sauce and No mayonnaise, when the food came Burger was in a bun with lots of sauce.. nobody ever came back to check on us. At the end when we told her everything was wrong. She said oh the bun is my fault but not the sauce.. it wasn't mayonnaise WHAT.. It was mayonnaise based!!  never offered anything. We paid and left very disappointed . Won't go back
Uhmmmmmm, wanted to try something new while in vegas so I yelped this place. I got the turkey burger it was 14.50, just throwing that out there, and it wasn't anything amazing for me to come back.. maybe it was because I wasn't that hungry? Idk but I also had the strawberry shake and it was good too but not worth the 8$, but we r in vegas so what did I expect right? Anywho not sure id come back here. and not quite sure why its so highly rated but ehhh, id just go to in n out. ALOT CHEAPER
This trendy place only has its shakes keeping it in business. We had just arrived from Los Angeles, with empty stomachs, in effort to experience a burger at the Burger Bar. Unfortunately we were starving and couldnt make it to the Burger Bar in time, we caved in and stopped by Holsteins. They had great reviews, figured we would get something small to sooth the hunger pains. We ordered classic sliders with no mustard, sweet potato fries, and a vanilla malt. The sliders were tiny, not even worth splitting. The little meat patty was dry and the bread was dry.
Went to Holsteins tonight for dinner. When we arrived the hostess asked if we had a reservation. We said no. She told us the dining room was closed to only those who had reservations. Mind you it was 11pm, the restaurant closes at 12am and the dining room was basically empty. We had to sit in the bar and try to eat our food off low tables while seated in high chairs. Keep in mind I've eaten here at least 40 times and never had this experience before. Our server was excellent. We complained to her and she agreed with us. She summoned the mgr "Curtis" who was less then helpful. He said the hostess was wrong and said it would never happen again. He also told us he would discount our bill for the inconvenience including my wife's burger dripping all over her due to the seating design. So when we received the bill we got a whopping 15% off. Wow what should i buy first! Curtis couldn't have cared less about our frustration. I told him I'd fire her if she worked for me but who needs to included in that firing is him. Disgraceful conduct by both.
Overpriced burgers and bad service!!!! We had a reservation, and when we arrived, were told they weren't ready, would we like to eat at the bar? We said no, we'd rather just wait for our table and asked if we could sit anywhere to wait. Hostess said yes. We sat at the bar, where a waitress came by to ask for our order, we said we were just waiting for our table. She promptly informed us that these seats were only got ppl eating, so we had to move. So humph, after another 15 min, we asked the hostess how much longer for our table and she looked confused.  Then after a brief convo on her headphone, said sorry, I thought someone else already sat you guys but we gave your table to another group.  Ugh. By the time we were seated, and got our food. I had the gold standard--the blue cheese was smeared on and did not blend well with the overall taste. Another person had their billionaire burger ($28).  For a $28 burger, the meat should be more juicy and flavorful instead of dry. The piece if foie gras included was cheap and rubbery.  Overall....food was not good and Wayyy overpriced.  Combined with rude and negligent service---we will not be returning!!
This place is terrible to the max!!! . Look at my reviews all 5 stars. Stay away. . Food takes for ever service is horrible and my burger had at sticker on the bottom of the bun that was expired after it was cooked . "Sell by" date was past. . How does that happen really? . . The worst part was the manager coming (Zai) over to offer a 25% discount on our check! Really?? That's insulting! 25%?!?! Your better off not coming over at all. . Burger sucked! . Go to Burgr instead on top of Paris! . After arguing with manager someone else came over to "comp" the meal. . Stupid
Being a restaurant at The Cosmopolitan I had possible hopes of a good meal.. . As soon as my girlfriend and I walked into the restaurant I could sense the unprofessionalism of the wait staff and hostess. The hostess had very dark make up on her face which was completely the wrong color for her complexion. It was very distracting and uncomfortable. I would have thought the manager would have said something to her.  . . On to the food, I did like the salt and vinegar popcorn that was brought out complimentary. We ordered a coffee which was completely watered down and tasteless, the turkey burger, and the Chicago dogs. The turkey burger was inedible but I was starving so I had half. The tomato was light red and unappetizing and the flavor of the meat was sickening. It was accompanied with naturally cut fries and I could taste the dirtiness of the oil. I did not try my girlfriends mini Chicago hot dogs but she said they tasted previously frozen. I tried her sweet potato fries and they were not cooked properly what so ever. I called over a manager to tell him the quality of the food was terrible and he comped our entire meal.
Awful service, period. Had initial round of cocktails, but then didn't see our server until the check was ready. Bacon was raw on my burger and when it was brought to the staff's attention, they said "oh" and walked away. We finally had to flag down a bus boy to bring us water. Check came to $81, and the server thought he did us a favor by comping a Coke. Puh-lease.
Very slow service, didn't get the order right, server didn't return to table until 20 minutes after the food was served.  Once told about the wrong order, management didn't even apologize, but offered to deduct the "extras" (cheese, advocados)? Won't return
