I stayed at the Tropicana from January 16th thru the 19th. The hotel rooms are updated and new-the view from the 20th floor from my room was beautiful-overlooked the strip. I stayed in the Island Tower which was quite a haul from the front desk to my room. The casino was clean and bright and wasn't smoke filled or uninviting. Check in was wonderful and fast-Rose was smiling and helpful. A great big welcome to Las Vegas  attitude. I thought this was going to be a great place to stay. WRONG! The service in their Cafe Nikki which is opened 24hrs. was HORRIBLE..Unattentive waiters and waitresses..I can;t say anything good about this restaurant at all. The food was ok and way overpriced. The last morning I stayed there I went down to breakfast at 6:30am. The place was empty..The waitress came over and took my order..gave me my cold coffee..Then I waited..and waited and waited..Finally this guy brought out my breakfast..and served it to another guest who said he was in a hurry..I was like--what the ***!  I got up and the waitress asked why I was leaving..she never apologized and I told her it was because you gave my breakfast to another guest--she could care less!! Sorry Tropicana..I'll NEVER stay there again.
I stayed here during the summer of 2008 and god, it gives me goosebumps to remember that experience, but I'll do so to warn others of the horrors staying here.. . My frugal uncle was in charge of booking hotel rooms for our extended family's trip so naturally, he booked the Tropicana for a two-night stay because of the cheap prices. I begged him to please reconsider and at least book us at a decent place like the Monte Carlo, but he wouldn't listen. Anyways, the room we stayed at was not even in the tower. It was in some dingy apartment-like structure next to the towers and although it had a view of the pool, it was definitely the worst hotel room I've ever stayed at. The elevator ride was scary, the hallways were dark, and everything just felt dirty. . . Just don't even think about staying at the Tropicana. I hear they're making renovations to the place now, but it really can't be that much better. Just pay a bit more somewhere else where you can enjoy a clean room. This place has been around for much too long and needs to be demolished to make way for newer hotels.
This is one of the worst hotels to stay at!  The staff is unfriendly...the elevators don't work and if they do 2 out of 6 work and you have to wait 15 minutes to get an elevator.  The bell hops use the same elevators as the guest and take up the whole car.  The bar in the back by the buffet has the worst service ever!  The bartenders are rude and try to push you out when your trying to sit there and drink.  The furniture and carpet were from something out a horror film and the rooms were disgusting.  Taking a smoking room because they are out of non smoking rooms was joke.  Burn holes every where and the rooms STINK!  I will never and i mean NEVER stay here again!!!  This place is a JOKE!
Do I even have to leave a star??? . Stay away from place. Our room was robbed by the maid services here and the hotel wouldn't do anything about it because technically, it was our fault for leaving our fuc*ing belongings in the room??? Give me a break assholes I know your only trying to cover your ass and theif workers. FUCK THIS PLACE!
Lipstick on a pig. This place performed renovations to try and increase the amount they can charge but it's not worth it. Stay at a classic like MGM. Tropicana valet backed a trail hitch into my car the last visit and risk management didn't find any "grosse negligence" so im stuck with a cracked bumper. I used to go here with my friends for a white trash Vegas - looks like those days are over.
I can't really speak to the quality of the rooms or the restaurants here as I didn't stay.  Though from what I can tell from pictures, the rooms look amazing.  . . I was excited to see the newly renovated Tropicana open for business so while walking to and from the MGM Grand to the Mandalay Bay I decided to go in to explore.  I was immediately repelled by the overwhelming smell of coconut scented sun tanning lotion.  At first I thought it was just the person in front of me, but as I wandered onto the casino floor, I realized it was everywhere.  I couldn't handle it.  So I left.. . The smell was too widespread for this to be a fluke - I imagine that someone intentionally scents this casino to give it a Cuban feel or something.  But if they wise up and do away with the scent, this place might be an enjoyable place to eat and gamble.  . . They use a lot of white and red here, which may get old fast, but for the time I find strikingly attractive.  But oh the smell!
Went there for the "first 200 on us" promotion.  Of course there is a catch but you gotta read the fine print.  Regardless, came over and had dinner at biscayne and then hit the casino.   It was fine, I was up then I was down.  Wanted to stay longer but combination of the sickening coconut smell with cigarette smoke was just too disgusting.  Could only take an hour.  Fortunately at that point I was up.
Stayed here May 1st and 2nd. Could not have encountered worse staff. The whole experience started with a traffic jam in the drop-off area where their Tropicana limo was behind me and started honking rudely at me when I had no place else to go, cars stopped on all sides. RUDE. . My Mom was supposed to be a VIP through some promotion. Boy, was that a joke. The guy who checked us in complained about being stuck working there and having to wear a tie when he was more of an outdoorsman. Who cares?! Then he told us the bellhops would come get out luggage from self park but the bell desk said nope, gotta drive up to the front AGAIN. Then it took the bellhop over 20 minutes to get our luggage up to our room. They weren't even busy!. . The absolute most outrageous encounter was when I went to get a players card and the agent took my license, entered everything in, and then got upset when I told him the address was incorrect. He proceeded to chastise me and give me a "talkin to" on why I should have thought to mention that to him BEFORE he started typing. What?!. . Then we went to play slots, were in the same area for over an hour, no cocktail waitress. I got up and walked around. Could not find a single one! I went to the bar and the bartender said they had all called in sick. He made me my drinks and charged me $6 each!. . The pool is nice but the music is out of control loud. They were probably trying to cover the sound of construction on their soon to open "Nikki Beach" beach club.. . The buffet is a total rip-off. For $18 we got about as many choices as you get at a small grocery deli. Food quality was mediocre and the guys who worked there refilling the dishes were pushy and RUDE.. . Would NEVER go back.
Even though the Tropicana has had a major facelift, it still leaves something to be desired in the customer service department. I've had these reservations for three months in advance, I called two weeks in advance to make sure we had a quiet room (away from the pool, elevator, casino, etc.) So the night we check in she gives us a room on the 4th floor and I'm really hoping it's a quiet room. Maybe she thought it would be funny to place us directly across from the grand opening of their Nikki Beach club and maybe she thought we were Britney Spears fans (she was hosting the opening) but I think she just WASN'T listening. I'm 62 years old so I'm not a fan of Britney, I drive a school bus all year and was really looking forward to some peace and quiet not thump-thump-thumping, mind-blowing bass until 4:00 AM! With a Grand Canyon tour scheduled at 6:15 AM I was not a happy camper. The next day when we asked for a room change, they said we could have a new room higher up in about 20 minutes. When I asked if it was ready (a half hour later) they said another 40 minutes. After 2 hours we went to the pool, never did get a cellphone call saying a room was ready so an hour later I called and lo and behold, it was finally ready but we would have to come to the lobby to get new keys. Since our bags were already packed we had to traipse through the lobby in our swimwear. NOT FUNNY! We finally had our quiet room on the 18th floor, very nice, clean, great decor but why, oh why, couldn't they have done this at check-in? To top it off, we were never offered any kind of comp, (free drinks, meal?) so  this definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. . All of the employees were very friendly, the re-do was excellent but the Tropicana went down in stars in my opinion!
The Trop recently underwent a major remodel and the hotel has a nice look and a decent vibe for Vegas. Check-in was a breeze, the room looked great, and the pool was cool.. . The major problem for us however was the BEDBUGS !. . The first night I received 5 bites on my foot that resembled ugly mosquito bites. The second night my friend wound up with 7 or 8 bites. I went to the front desk to see about moving to another room for the next two nights, and was told the hotel was sold out and that changing rooms was not possible. The clerk and the manager both told me they had no knowledge of any bedbug problem at the hotel. Maybe they didn't have any knowledge of a problem, but the Tropicana had a bug problem they need to address before I'd ever consider returning.. . I
This is for the nikki cafe by the pool...not the restaurant.. . Was chilling by the pool earlier today. Walked up to the bar or whatever that was for some drinks and food. A man behind the counter handed me a menu and was told to wait for the cocktail waitress.. . I go back to my tanning spot, and my friends an I wait.. . And we wait.. . And wait.. . Oh there's the cocktail waitress!..... . And there she goes.... . We flag her down.. . We wait.. . and wait.... . 2 hours later, still no drinks or food and the cocktail waitress is focusing on one side of the pool deck. We were getting hungry and was really hoping to order food by the poolside so we don't lose our spot.. . We end up leaving and going to Pellegrino to get food. Of course, our spot was gone by the time we got back.. . I'm really sad that I had to write this review because I have been enjoying my stay thus far. . . We're still checked in the Tropicana. Let's see how the rest of the week goes...
Disappointed is my main review word. Customer service (lack thereof) is #1 criticism. Had a problem with the room which resulted in horrible, awful service from management. I won't discuss that here as it was an individual situation.. . We spent Fri & Sat night this past weekend; booked in advance and got a  special, which was a great deal on the two-double-bed room rate ($119 Fri, $129 Sat). We had been very excited to see the remodel; we'd been long-time Trop customers few years back, then stopped staying there when it became kinda run-down and dirty-looking. Sadly, we won't be going back.. . This past weekend, we checked out of Trop on Sunday and moved over to Monte Carlo for Sunday night (spontaneous idea so we'd miss traffic back to L.A.). We preferred paying a very high rate (more than total of both nights at Trop) at Monte Carlo rather than extending our stay at Trop.. . Trop Plus: Room was nice, pretty, fresh. Decor was very tropical-feeling. Beds were so comfy! Inside of hotel and casino were painted white which made it appear brighter and perkier. The elderly gentleman in mob attire pitching The Mob show was awesome!!! He was sweet, kind, funny, and a great salesman for the show.  Wish we'd budgeted for it as I would have enjoyed seeing that show.. . Trop Minus (many): sad to find the tropical, lush gardens by pool area gone. Pool area feels so sterile, sun is extremely bright bouncing off stark white building, the personality is gone. I don't understand what theme the hotel is trying to convey... it's all very bland and boring. Gone is any feel of tropics.. . Really sad to see the big waterfall into the main pool was gone, as was the swim-up blackjack. We were told it hadn't been open for previous 3 weeks. My just-turned 21 year old daughter had been so looking forward to gambling there with her older siblings. She'd had to watch them from the sidelines in previous years & it was top of her list of "things to do" at the Trop since her birthday! Very disappointing. . . Beige colored paint was peeling from pool deck edge all the way around. Pool tile was filthy - really needs to be scrubbed.. . Music that was blasting from Club Nikki pool area was different music than that being played in main pool area. We sat halfway in between both areas (near the bar) and caught bits of each... horribly distracting and annoying. Why not play same music in both areas?. . Seems all attention is on Club Nikki. It was packed w/ people (as was the regular pool area, busy weekend)... we could peer through the fence to see how crowded it was. Couldn't get in because max capacity was reached. Honestly, standing room only in that pool. I don't understand the use of Indian teepees as cabanas. How does that fit to tropical / Bahamas theme? Again, that pool area was very arrid-looking. . . Cafe by the main pool (near the spa) was gone. I suppose hotel wants everyone to go to Club Nikki to eat. . . Hotel hallway to parking lot (entry 5) stunk like cat litter. Awful. And, the coconut perfume throughout the hotel almost made it smell dank, moldy. . . A family member who stayed there with us described the renovation as "lipstick on a pig". Next trip to Vegas will be at a different hotel. While they obviously underwent lots of renovation, it appears to have been very low budget contractors used. . . In spite of all the criticisms I listed above, I'm endling with my #1 suggestion: Many members of Tropicana management staff needs some major customer service training.
We stayed here the last 2 days in a one bedroom suite. According to them, "checkin time starts at 3pm but that does not mean your room is ready at 3pm". When we arrived, we were told that the room was not ready yet and that they "didnt know when it would be ready." They took our phone number down and said theyd call us. Ended up being ready at nearly 6pm. . . Total disappointment from the beginning. The girl who was helping us was not friendly at all (quite rude actually) and offered no sincere apology or compensation. We asked to be comped tickets to the pool party. She said she had to ask her manager. She left and went to the back room as we stood there like idiots for a good 15 minutes. Finally she comes back with two tickets.. . The view from our room on the 20th floor was nice. The furnishings get a 3/5 rating. Even though they went thru a recent renovation, it wasnt very modern at all. At least it has a decent sized flatscreen tv.. . Their website claims that they offer 1pm late checkouts. So checkout day swings around and we call and ask for late check out. They said "Sorry, were not offering late check out today". . Total D-bags at this hotel, apparently much like alot of the guests who were staying here.. . We will never be returning to this hotel. I had a reservation for next month before I got the chance to stay here. Cancelled.
We arrived at 3:30p.m.  Our room was not ready.  We ask for an approximation.  The front desk lady cannot even come up with that.  There was a nice rolling of the eyes though.   No apology or compensation was given.  We had to wait around until past 5 to finally check-in.. . We stayed at one of the suites.  The walk to the club towers (I believe it's called)  took forever.  Up some escalators, through some hallways to just get to the elevators to the room!. . That night we went to club nikki since it was free for guests.  Please avoid that place if you can.  It is super ghetto.  Unless you enjoy ghetto booty.  To each his (or her) own.. . The day arrives for our departure from this hotel.  I ask for late checkout.  Denied!  We can't check in to our room for 3 hours.  But an hour or 2 late checkout was out of the question.  . . Never again.  I have stayed at most of the hotels in Vegas since I live in California and come up frequently.  This was by far my worst experience.
What will I remember about the "new" Tropicana?  I won $30 bucks and I lost $30. But most of all, the fat ugly Asian cocktail waitress asked the two WHITE people directly to either side of me if they wanted drinks, but blatantly ignored me.  Jacked up because they arrived at the slots much, MUCH later than me.  She watched them BOTH just sit down, and still didn't ask me her next round and only asked them AGAIN.
I checked in on Sat into a room in Club Tower.  I was told that the room is nicer as it faces the pool, but I wasn't told just how far it is from the casino and the strip.  I stopped by the front desk in the afternoon asking for a room change and was told to check back again between 1-3pm on Sun.. . Sat night we came back to the hotel at around 1am and noticed that the music from Club Nikki was really loud and we weren't able to sleep.  I called the front desk and was told the club closes at 4am which is when the music would stop.  Someone should have told us at check in that our room faces the club and would be able to hear the loud music, had I known earlier I would have asked for a different room.  We have plans to be up early and didn't want to sleep that late.  I called the front desk right away because I wasn't able to sleep, and was told the only room available was a smoking room.  We are non smokers so decided to stay put for the rest of the night.. .  I just hope someone could have let me know in advance 1) just how far Club Tower is from the casino and the strip, and 2) that the room faces the club and the music would be very loud.  . . On Sun at around noon we packed our bags and went down to the front desk to ask for a room change.  They gave us a room in Paradise Tower facing the strip after we waited for about 1 hr.  This room was quiet, thank goodness.  But there was another problem, we came back to the hotel on Sun at around 12:30am, and all the elevators were broken, so we had to wander around the hotel while the staff tried to bring the elevators back up.  They weren't able to give us an estimate either.  After waiting for 30 min or so, we went back to the elevator to check if it was fixed, it still wasn't; we were told to use the service elevator instead.  There was a line of people waiting to take the service elevator, we waited about 15 min to finally get to our floor.. . As far as the room goes, yes it has been remodeled with a nice flat screen tv.  The bed, sheets, pillows are ok.  Bathroom however doens't look that great to me, looks like a sloppy remodeling job.. . Overall, did NOT have a pleasant experience at the Tropicana, in fact this experience is pretty negative to me.  They should have given us an upgrade when we asked for a room change for all the discomfort and inconvenience with the first room.  Tropicana reminds me of one of those companies that don't give employees raises hence do a poor job retaining their employees; Tropicana is exactly like that - they don't know how to retain their customers.  I for sure won't come back again.
Yelp only allows 5001 characters in a review. I'll keep it brief.. . +Had my wedding here this summer.. +Paid for 9 rooms( 5 for 3 nights, 4 for 2 nights). +was guaranteed discount rate for block of rooms 6 months in advance. -discount rate was same rate as reservations online 2 weeks prior to event. +Made reservations 6 months in advance.. -they told us that they were sold out day of check in. -my guests could not check themselves in even with their name on the room and a access number. -Had to check in each guest that I paid for. One at a time regardless of arrival time.(this was my wedding weekend, I had better things to do than to sit around the lobby to check people in and wait until a room opened up). So inconvenient . -not all of the rooms reserved were ready, had to wait hours to check in for rooms that I had already paid for.. -rooms that i reserved together were not available, had to take whatever was open.. +ate at Cafe Nikki, food was good. -service was horrible at Cafe Nikki,didn't get all of our orders, were double charged for items, had to be adjusted. took forever.. - no comp or discount was offered by cafe Nikki. +bought a wedding package with a room for the wedding night included. - after wedding and reception at Tropicana the room was not booked for the wedding night, had to take time after my own reception to argue with the concierge and front desk about getting a room for myself and my new bride.. -they tried to charge me for the room. (I bought it in the wedding package, I have it in the contract). +booked a wedding reception at the Tropicana to follow outdoor wedding. -the room that we had on the contract was not the room they gave us.. -the room that they did give us was locked, we couldn't get in for almost 40 minutes
I heard that The Tropicana made renovations so we decided to give them a try for a fun/relaxing weekend. We made a two night reservation and stayed on the 9th floor. Not every room and floor is the same so I will state that we stayed in room 913.. . ISSUES:. 1. This one is minor but worth mentioning- Stay in a room higher than the 9th floor if your window faces the strip. That is unless you like hearing people yelling and traffic noise throughout the night.. . 2. If your room has a connecting door to another room, expect to hear everything from your neighbor (conversations, phone calls, the TV, etc.).. . 3. Our room was all class, right down to the large exposed holes that the sprinklers jut out of. I took some great photos of them.. . 4. Want to recharge your phone? Good luck finding an open wall socket. The lamps have electrical sockets... that don't work. They had an iPhone charger on the clock but make sure you reserve time for that if there is more than one person staying in the room. Subtle conveniences found in motels should be available here at the Tropicana.. . 5. Disgusting bathroom vents. The vent was so nasty, I took a few photos of the dirt-filled vent above the toilet. There is no illusion of being a high class hotel at the Tropicana. Something easily resolved by -- what's the word I'm looking for-- cleaning.. . 6. Want to finish your stay with a painless check-out? I was about to express check out from the TV when I noticed that they double-charged me. I called the front desk and they resolved it but it was the icing on the cake. . . When I checked out, I let the person at the front desk know what I thought. He apologized for the poor service and quality of the room.. . RECOMMENDATION:. Spend the extra $30 a night and stay someplace that is cleaner and will make you feel like a valued guest. I don't go to Vegas every month (I go about 3 times a year), so when I stay at a casino, I enjoy the illusion of staying at a higher quality/service hotel. It's part of the experience. Since I can't upload the photos here, I will have them up on my Google review.
From Bad to Worse.... I got this response from the Tropicana three weeks ago and I did NOT receive any letter. That's too bad. I was hoping that they had more class and taken guest complaints more seriously:. . "... I apologize for the challenges and appreciate you giving me another change to earn your business. The Vice President of Hotel Operations is aware of your challenges and personally ensuring they do not occur again. I have mailed you a letter and return certificate. Please let me know if there is anything more that I can assist you with.". Nicole M.. Guest Experience Manager
Staff are really rude. Casino is dead on Saturday night. Lots of empty room across the casino. Restaurant was closed. Got our rooms refunded. Going to go stay somewhere else.
Don't bother staying here.  The resort fees are outrageously high and you get no value for them.  The collection of slots is sorely lacking and the tables are mediocre at best.  You're better off at a real hotel a little further down the strip.
Horrible Vegas hotel. That said, I've stayed in a few places on the strip and this was the worst by far.  My wife and I came to Vegas with around 20 of our friends for our wedding. We had booked three rooms in our names and were quoted a price that when said on the phone we clarified that it included with resort fees and any other Crap fees they have hidden, she said yes its everything.  Go to check in and first off they say we are too early to check in, fine. To check in early is 20 bucks. So we held our bags there and they said they would call us around 130 to let us know our rooms are ready. We head out to the strip for lunch and to walk a bit. No call...around 230 we just go to the desk. Room is ready. We check in and our balance that was quoted over the phone, no longer the balance. They added on resort fees to all three rooms, 15.99 per room a night for 5 nights. By the way the resort fee is for free WiFi which I wouldn't be using and for the gym. Neither of which were going to be used. It's not that its a lot of money but getting charged twice for a service that isn't going to be used is ridiculous. Also there were other couples who were getting relocated to other hotels because tropicana overbooked... No comps. They waived the fees on one room.  The tower is a hike, the renovations are ok. We tried to take a nap but you can't the shades don't black out the rooms. The ac we set to 63 didn't go below 74. At one point was blowing out hot air. Just an all around horrible stay, the pool was heated. 95 out and the pool is heated.  Will never stay here again.
This is a review solely for the casino. I was staying at the Palazzo and decided to check out the recent renovations as I always had a soft spot in my heart for this place as it's one of the remaining "old school" casinos on the strip. I was wondering if they ruined the old school feel.. . In a word, Yuck.. . The casino smells like really bad suntan lotion, I couldn't stay longer than 30mins before I had to run out of there. It might just be me but it seems like they have less slot machines than they used to have, and the ones they do have aren't the newest ones. I put $20 in a machine out of boredom, lost it promptly, and left.. . (Side Note: Near the check-in desk is this big open room surrounded by glass that only has a couple of chairs and a table in it. What the heck is that for? Looked like something out of a bad 70's movie.). . I'm saddened by the changes...I understand that they are trying to appeal to the hipster college crowd now but that cheap suntan lotion smell in the casino is truly horrific.
This Review is for the Hotel's Valet only. . . The hotel itself is pretty nice. As far as I know it is one of the older hotels on the strip and surprisingly clean looking on the inside. Anyway, was running a little late for the Laugh Factory tonight and decided to valet (something I usually do anywhere). As I make my turn into valet, BUMP!...damn I scrapped my car, which is weird cause I drive a regular infiniti (not lowered). I should've taken that bump as the first bad omen. Next, pull up to valet where there's a long line of cars, get out of my car and even though I make eye contact with the valet guy, it still takes 10 minutes for him to get to me to give me a ticket. That was strike 2, keep in mind that there wasn't anyone there and he was just moving cars up the long line. Strike 3? Strike 3 is trying to get my car back. I proceed to the valet area where there is a big mass of people (30+) waiting to get their cars. I go to the window to give my ticket, but that was pointless because of course no one is there. I then go outside and have to flag one of the valet guys to give him my ticket. A mass of people saw that I did that and had to do the same thing. After waiting about 15-20 minutes, I go up to the valet guy and ask nicely if he can tell me where in the car getting-line I am? He tells me, "we put everyone in order and if I stopped and looked it'll just make the wait longer." A little rude, but okay. 10-15 mins later..I am thinking to myself, why should i tip these guys? I usually tip $5, considering valet is free everywhere in vegas...I had a hard time being a nice guy and even shelling out 2 dollars for these dicks.. . So if you're gonna come to this hotel, just save your self the 45 minutes of waiting and self-park.
I signed up for Tropicana email alerts for special offers. I was sent an email offering a wonderful rate that happened to coincide with the dates of my stay. I booked a 4 nights stay, THOROUGHLY read the terms and conditions BEFORE submitting my credit card information online. I must note that the Terms and Conditions CLEARLY stated that my credit card would immediately be charged the rate of my 1st nights stay. After clicking submit to confirm my reservation, I was directed to a new webpage that stated that my credit card had been charged the FULL amount of my 4 night stay! I immediately called the reservation line and spoke to a receptionist and then to a manager, James. He stated that there was no way to change my deposit amount or cancel my reservation. I explained to the manager that I always read the Terms and Conditions and that there was NO language stating that I was to "DEPOSIT" the FULL amount. . . I am shocked at the misleading emails and completely false terms and conditions that Tropicana themselves do not abide by. Business tactics like this should be illegal. There must surely be a better way to attract business and guarantee bookings than forcing and misleading consumers.. . . Thank you Tropicana.
Stayed here last weekend for a girls trip.. Horrible customer service.. I will never stay again.... But I might eat at the beach bar restaurant, the only good thing in this hotel.. Front desk lady Melenda, was rude.
If you are looking for rude casino staff, halls that smell like cat urine and a terrible pool (don't believe the pics) than the Tropicana is your hotel!!!. . This is one of those cases where you get what you pay for.  We will not return.
Very bad experience...be careful. While the newly remodeled hotel looked nice and didnt smell like smoke...we waited 4 hours for our room to become available. Good thing we arrived on Friday for our Saturday wedding. Some of our other guests, including my folks were not so lucky. They had to arrive on Saturday due to work schedules...also waited for 3+ hours for their room for a wedding that was to begin at 6PM. Just as my niece was about to use the lobby bathroom to get ready...my parents room became available. It all worked out.....but God forbid you complain about it.....they offered us $100 in free food which lasted 15 seconds...lol....so when we tried to complain, we were reminded several times that we were compensated.. We will NOT return or recommend that hotel.....with that type of customer service, they do not deserve to be in business!
Fail.  Would have been better to tear it down.  They put some lipstick on it, but it's still old and tired, and the food is just ok at best.    The most laughable part has to be the "food court" which I would describe as more of a "prison cafeteria."
Had I known better this was the hill billy hotel of Las Vegas I would've paid an extra bill to stay at the aria or venetian where I was last trip. internet doesnt work, pool was closed due to a "biohazrd" (a nice way of saying someone took a dump) and renovation is done half ass. Stay away from this place if you dont like hill billies and feces i'm swimming pools.
An emergency one night stay led us towards the Tropicana by way of Hotwire. The room renovation managed to earn them a four star ranking on TripAdvisor, so we were quite hopeful for the next 24 hours.. . 3am we return to the room, water has be shut off. Front desk estimates repair to be completed shortly. 5am we return to the room for a second time, water is still off. 9am we're awake, water remains off. Front desk says they still do not have an estimated turn on time as there is excessive repair yet to be completed.. . Doug at the front desk checks us out by 10am and offers full refund accommodation through Hotwire. When we later get in touch with Hotwire, they tell us that Doug was not even the person who checked us out and they water was documented to be fully restored at 3am! After insisting clarification through Tropicana management we were finally able to receive a full refund 12 hours later.. . Lucky for us, the Wynn was able to accommodate a very early check in so that we were able to fully shower and flush!
The worst four star hotel! Don't stay here.. There was mold in bathtub.
Disappointed. It didnt meet our expectations of even a decent Vegas Hotel.  Don't even consider it has potential.. especially with its renovation. Sad. wish I could have my weekend back. Oh well it is what it is.... . Here are some reasons why I disliked this place:. . 1).Even with the newly renovated casino, the elevators needed some renovation with their squeaky sounds and doors that did not open right away.  also, the hallways AC units are either off or on - so it may get "tropically" warm. . . 2.) Front desk are not hospitable. The lady on the phone sounded like it was such a huge inconvenience when we asked them for clean towels and it took them almost 3 hours to deliver just towels! Really?!  Not to mention that we stayed 2 nights, and they did not clean the room while we were gone for 8 hours!! We had to call them to remind them to clean the room. Crap.. . 3.) The restaurant by the pool, messed up on our dinner order, undercooked the food, and was unable to refund us immediately on our credit card - it took almost 2 wks to receive an $60 refund. Not that we were in a rush for the refund, but for a reverse transaction to take that long and to not apologize when we called, we thought what a waste of our time and money.. . Overall: Total disappointment. I will not be recommending this hotel to any of my friends... and we occupy Vegas A LOT! . Could of been special, but its nothing special. Go to Luxor or Excalibur for the same amount of $$ - but better hotels.
Tropicana, you BLEW me away....Instead of renovating, this place should've been sold and torn down.. . Upon check in there was only 2 front desk employees checking guest in.  The line was long Disneyland long.. . Got into our room, and the room smelled like a sweaty dog, I turn up the A.C to try and blow the smell away. I then begin changing for our reservations, took off my shoes and notices that my socks were immediately soaked! The carpet was just cleaned, awesome!! NOT!!!! felt like I standing in a puddle. . . I then called the front desk, she offered me a downgraded room, without a downgraded price, and sends up blower to dry the carpets...  . A nice ladysaid Sorry, placed the loud machine in the room and left. At this point I just begin laugh. As we wait and wait and wait longer for someone to take us to our new room, our time for the reservations come up and we gotta go!!! As we were leaving an employee came up to move us rooms, 45 minutes too late buddy!  At this point I chalked it up as a loss and remained in the "upgraded" room I paid for a.k.a Swampland. . . As the weekend continued, I left the blower in and moved it around the room to make sure the carpets were dry for the next guest.. You're welcome Tropicana!!!. . I'm sure with as much money I lost gambling, I could've paid to get the 10th floor of the paradise tower re-carpeted, but hey, at least I got a coupon for a free cookie.. . I called to check out, I asked the front desk if they wanted me to bring down their blower I became good friends with, front desk girl chuckled in question,  then  I explained my story for the 3rd time and got a simple "we're sorry." And that was my last chance I gave the Tropicana to redeem themselves. .  . Best part of the hotel would be the valet, bringing my car back so I can drive away.. . With the entire hotel situation still being stuck in my head, and believe me, I'm not much of a complainer, I called back a few days later, just to speak to a manager or Supervisor. I clearly stated that I didn't want my money back or anything for free. I simply wanted them to know of how poorly the situation was handled. The person, MAJID*** (spelling?**) I spoke listened to what I had to say, was very apologetic and said he would spread the word to fix future mishaps.He then offered me a one night stay, that was very nice of him but no thanks.
This was the worst Vegas trip I have ever had! I don't think they are even deserving of any stars.. . Upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised at how the hotel looked with all the upgrades.  It definitely was a huge face lift building wise, but the customer service was terrible!  When i found out that the New Tropicana was now owned by Hilton, I was even more disappointed.  The dealers were not pleasant to talk to or entertaining, the hostesses did not seem like happy employees either.. . To add to the terrible experience, I got stuck in the elevator for 90 minutes and the speaker was not working so I had to communicate with security through gestures using the camera.  I was left unattended with no contact for 12 minutes... even 911 stays with you until help arrives.  The attendant stated that help will be there in a "couple" of minutes.  My understanding of a couple of minutes is 2- 5 minutes.  The elevator doors miraculously opened after 90 minutes even before the technician arrived.  It was all in all a F*cked up situation and will never stay at this hotel ever again.. . I wrote a letter of complaint through email to the hotel manager, Jay Baluyot, in April and still have not heard from him.  I sent another letter of complaint through postal mail and still no word.  I am now in the process of emailing Hilton corporate to make sure this is taken care of.  Hilton hotels should not have these kinds of hotel as a part of their family.  It will definitely ruin their name.. . The wifi connection was slow and we had to pay for it as a part of the "resort fee".  If I'm gonna pay for internet, it needs to be fast.. . The parking area was dirty and there was even area where mattresses were stored visible to all guests. WTF?? Don't let the hotel fascade fool you.  This place needs all around renovations... most especially support staff and employees
Booked through a third party online site. They said everything was included for the nights and I paid a flat rate all the way through for a week. When checking out, they charged me $22 bucks for resort fee. I complained and the lady behind the counter was pissy and argued with me. I took out the paperwork of my booking and it stated nothing about a cheesy resort fee. The booking site covered my ass and the staff refused to do anything about it. I asked for a manager and the lady took my paperwork. The manager said to waive the fee. SCREW YOU AND YOUR STUPID RESORT FEE! I rather stay at some nicer hotel if I knew there was some stupid fee you tack on after the stay. . . Also, we experienced 2 rooms that did not get clean. Both the rooms were on the same floor. Both rooms didn't get cleaned on the last day of our stay. No new towels, or accessories. Bed wasn't made! WTF? GET Out
Smelly, hot and miserable. Hotwire said this was a 4.5 star hotel- HA! What a lie?! They were seriously people protesting the awful health codes in this place. AVOID.
If you find a "deal" on a 3rd party site for a low rate room: Beware. The smell of our room was foul. There was no cleaning/towel change service. There was no wireless - despite paying for it. Had I known, I never would have stayed there. Also - not good for families/kids.
I wished I stayed at a different hotel. My group and I checked in on June 20th and checked out on June 25th. We had a horrible time for a few reasons.. . This hotel does not have a coffee pot or a microwave. They only have two microwaves to lend out in the whole hotel. When we were calling about the status of the microwave, the people at the front desk hung up on us twice. We were confused with the message that they were sending us. We did call them ahead of time and one of the managers told usthat we can have a microwave upon request, and those were the words we abide by.. . Secondly, we were "upgraded" to a handicap room. In other words, our bathroom didn't have a bathtub or anything of the sort to keep water from leaking out. We had to use towels to decorate the floor to keep the water from spreading. Also, here is the fun part: sewage from the shower stall kept raising up from the drain. We called to get the pipes checked, but no one showed up for the entire weekend. There for, our bathroom reeked of human feces.. . The hotel did provide us with a wonderful broken tv with a remote that only goes up channels. There is also a mandatory fee of 25$ per day. Make sure you read the very fine print that you must have to pay for wifi. Oh, don't mind us. We did call them to ask about the wifi, and they told us "if we paid for it, we get to use it", and they never specified that wifi was a mandatory thing to have.. . Overall, the people who worked at this hotel have a communication problem with each other and give out false information. There are better hotels on the strip, I would not recommend this one.. . And to Tropicana: Bye Felisha.
Very poor checkin experience.  It took them 5 hours after we arrived to get us a room.  the staff during this time were rude. we finally got to the pool and found the gentleman bartender to also be rude.  we were paying good $ to be there and it was quite unnecessary.  if you want to be treated well think twice about staying here.
Upon booking my room about a month before my stay, I requested early check in. This because we were flying in and I knew it was going to be HOT. Before I even boarded  the plane i called the Tropicana again just to reiterate the need for early check in. I was told they had my initial request on file and it shouldn't be a problem. I was informed to just head over to the hotel. Once I'd gotten to the hotel which I'll admit was about 10:30am and really early, i asked if there was a room available. Not shocked that there wasn't because of the time i checked my bags. Jo Ann told me to check back in a few hours and we should be ok. Will kill time getting good and drinks then arrive back at the hotel at 1:00pm. Jo-Ann informed us again that there still weren't any rooms ready. She says to check back in at 2:30pm. I'm thinking," Really? I requested early check in and regular check in is at 3:00 but you want me to come back at 2:30?" I bite my tongue and kill another 1 1/2 hours with my friend and more drinks. At 2:30pm on the dot we are in front of Jo Ann again," She tells me AGAIN there are no rooms available. At this point I'm not very happy but i keep it together. She says and I quote," Early check in is not guaranteed but a request. It looks like its going to be more around 3:30 before I can check you in. You should be lucky that you are even getting a 2 queen room because we are sold out this weekend. We have to accommodate our Diamond Club Members and well as hotel invited guest first." I was in utter shock. That was it! I told her," I should be lucky to get the room I PAID you for a month ago?! Ok..." At that point I just walked away. I've learned that the people at the desk have to answer to someone so just contact the person the answer to. I get the hotel manager on the phone who is more than apologetic when I tell her that I was made to feel like my money was not wanted and that I was less important than their precious Diamond Club Members. Literally within minutes she tells me both my and my friends rooms are ready. How funny is that. I go back to the counter to check in and was lucky enough to NOT get Jo Ann. Jo Ann over hears that the rooms are ready and responds "Thank God!". How unprofessional can one person be? I say nothing, get my key, and go. End of Jo Ann. . . Fast forward to my arrival home.... . I check out and head home on 7/1. While checking my email on 7/3 I notice an alert from my credit card company. Turns out there are $498.13 of fraudulent on-line charges on my credit card. I've had this card for about 4 years with no issues whatsoever so that struck me as odd. Now I'm not saying that this happen at the Tropicana or even that an employee of the Tropicana is to blame. But, I do find it highly coincidental that this happen. The last two times I've used that card were to book my room with the reservations department and to check in at the hotel.. . There were several pluses about this hotel but the minuses have overshadowed them for me. I will continue to stay at hotels that meet my standard of service( Caesar's, Plant Hollywood, Wynn, etc..) and steer clear of the "New" Tropicana.
First off, I'm writting this review using my 4G because the Tropicana DOES NOT provide free Wi-Fi everywhere! Even McDonalds has free wifi!! Our room AC does NOT WORK! I woke up sweating at 5am and was told I would have a room around noon, then at 11:50 I was told to wait until 2. Then at 3 I was told no one knew of this room change and that they were not doing room changes today. Frustrating to say the least. This is my second time at the Tripicana, and it will definitely be my last. And they say the pool is te best thing here, well the renovated portion of the pool is blocked off for a club that recently closed down. So don't visit here for the pool. Thoroughly disappointed. AND... It's not just the problem with the AC or lack of proper guest services; the entire hotel is filthy. Gross. Dirty. Stinky. Not clean!!
This place is deficient by both Hilton and Las Vegas standards!  The service staff throughout the hotel demonstrate an attitude of disregard - it is like all of the employees are unhappy and no one is in charge to ensure good customer service.  . . The hotel room was large and clean but does not have a refrigerator.  No express check out.  When at the front desk both to check in and to check out I confirmed that my Hilton Honors number was on file and associated with the stay but I still did not receive Hilton Points or credit for the stay.  . . Onsite coffee shop food was mediocre and served with the Trop's trademark slow, bad service.  . . The self-parking lot was full by 6 pm and there are no nearby overflow alternatives.. . I should have carefully read other recent Yelp reviews - even some of those with better ratings are critical of the hotel.. . The location is barely still "on the strip" at the far South end.  If you want a nice Hilton room for an overnight stay pass on the Tropicana and go a mile or two South to the Hilton Garden Inn.
Do not waste your money here! Hilton should be ashamed of themselves!. . Everyone here was rude. I am an Hilton honors member and when checking in I asked if I could do a late check out. I was told no they were sold out. I asked if they would call me if someone canceled again I was told no, we don't do that. The front desk guy then says to me all snotty, "Oh I see you booked this through Las Vegas.com" You should have booked it directly through us because sites like that are going to put us out of business. I told him even with my Hiltin Honors status, it was 60.00 more a night to book through you. Then he said, well I guess you will get what you paid for. He proceeded to charge me a 25.00 resort fee. I told him I wanted to pay cash not on my card. He took the cash but put a hold n my card anyway. They did however release it at checkout. Since I checked in late and couldn't get a late check out I asked if after I check out at 11:00 could I use the pool. I was told no, once you check out you can't use the resort. So I paid 25. And could nit even use te pool? I was told sorry its their policy and everyone pys a resort fee even if you can not use the amenities. . My room was like 100 mikes away from everything. It took 20 minutes to get to my room, hence his comment you get what you pay for. The room was clean, the bathroom had a bug tub but the shower head was way too low even for me and I am 5"2. I had to angle the shower head up to take my shower but because of it, the floor got soaked. Water pressure sucked and the water did not get very hot. The bed was hard as a rock and very uncomfortable. The wake up call button on the phone was broken so I called the front desk to get an 8:00 call. Never happened. Good think I woke up on my own. When I called to complain, they claimed to have no knowledge of my calling. They asked me what time did I call, I said 12:30 am and then they said they had no record of any calls from my room at that time! Hilton really dropped the ball with this property. I will never stay here again! You get better service at the red roof inn!
Dreadful in every regard.  No one to help us bring in our luggage.  Very slow, rude check-in.  Roomsmelled bad.  Loud dripping sounds all night.  Two towels, one shampoo for 3 people.  No coffee in room.  No water in room.  No free wi-fi.  Called housekeeping to make up room at 11: they showed up at 4.  No bellman coming or going...had to schlep our luggage in and out.  Had to walk through casino to get to pool, Starbucks, restaurants.  Great having to explain what a pole-dancer is to a 7-year old.. If your idea of Las Vegas is to get drunk and stay up all night, go to Motel 6.  If you want somewhere nice, go elsewhere.  I will be canceling my Hilton Honors account.  Yuk.  PS  Red and Blue heat indicators on the lousy shower were reversed...also great for a kid!
STAY AWAY - UNLESS YOU ARE A HIGH ROLLER - We recently got married and stayed at the Tropicana and had a HORRIBLE experience with the hotel!  The wedding coordinator and wedding itself were perfect, but the hotel service was the worst.  Since they changed management they do not care about their customers that are not big gamblers.  . . We had reserved an upgraded suite 6 months in advance and on the day of our arrival found out our room was downgraded due to a tournament at the hotel that weekend.   We asked to speak to a manager and he was rude and not helpful at all.  In the end we did not get the room we had reserved, were not compensated for our troubles and did not even reveive an apology from the hotel.  We had guest coming in from different parts of the country and a few of them had issues with their room as well.  They did not care that we were having our wedding ceremony and celebration in their facilities.  The Casino took priority over everything therefore, the money our guest and I were spending was not enough to get some decent service.  HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT.  . . We had stayed there many times before and had always had a pleasant experience, which is why we decided to have our wedding there.  The new management is horrible.  I suggest staying anywhere else while in Las Vegas!
***Rating is based purely on Customer Service of the Senior Staff of the hotel****. . Me and my husband have a timeshare in Vegas and I wanted to pay the new "Judge Judy" game.  It was only at the Tropicana and Planet Hollywood.   LORD I WISH I WOULD HAVE GONE TO PLANET HOLLYWOOD!!  Will Explain below.. . We went to the rewards center since we saw all these signs about "Get reimbursed for the money you lost"....That caught our attention.  We signed up for rewards cards and was told that we will get reimbursed the money we lost (up to $200) in the first 30 days of signing up for the program.  GREAT!   We played, I lost $50 my husband lost $100, so $150 was deposited back into our account to play with.. . We went back to the Tropicana the day before we were to leave and the entire computer system for rewards/reimbursement was down............aahhh OK.   We went to the rewards counter and asked how long before it was up. We were told that IT had been working on it all morning, no idea when it would be back up.  We went on to say that we were leaving the next day, and if we didn't use our money in thenext 6 months, we would lose it.   The girl behind the counter shrugged her shoulders as if to say "your SOL".   3 other couples behind us, heard what was going on and they said "Look, we are in the same boat with that couple...we want our money back". . She then called down Tim menta who is the Director of Loyalty & Marketing for the Tropicana.  First thing Tim said to this girl  "Why is this the first time I am hearing of this...no one told me"....WHAT???? YOUR  ENTIRE REIMBURSEMENT/REWARDS SYSTEM THAT YOU HAVE SIGNS EVERYWHERE IN YOUR HOTEL TO JOIN IS DOWN.........AND YOU DIDN'T' KNOW??????????  omg...it was laughable!. . I told Tim the entire story again and he gave me his business card and said "We will give you your money back". . . Fast forward to today.  5 voice-mail, MSG to Tim in august, no response.  In my last voice-mail I put "if I do not hear from you today, I will start to call the corporate offices of the Tropicana and work my way to the top"  Wouldn't you know it, I get a call from his assistant THAT SAME DAY!   She went on to tell me that he money was in our rewards account.    I then explained it to her AGAIN, SLOWLY, how I understood that, but if we didn't' use it in 6 months, we would lose it and we were not coming back to Vegas for least a year.   I told her I wanted a refund check sent to me.   She said she would need to talk to Tim ...HERE WE GO AGAIN, AROUND AND AROUND THE CIRCLE WE GO!!. . I have yet to hear from Tim, or to receive any money refund.   I will never set food in this establishment again............they will never get another dime.  Hope that $800 my husband lost at 3 card poker was worth it................AND I AM STARTING MY CHAIN MAIL TODAY OF THE NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE TO THE CORPORATE OFFICES OF TROPICANA.  Will I get my money back??????? Stay Tuned   (but dont hold your breath)
Terrible service. The manager was really condescending. Strange.
I received my $150 refund check a week ago!
Do not stay in this hotel. It's not worth what you pay. The house keeping people are extremely rude and if you are placed in club tower and like warm temp, then good luck. They keep the building extremely cold and you cannot turn on the heat. They do not even have a coffee machine in the room and if you order coffee, it is very expensive. Moreover, they got us luke warm coffee with cold cream and when we asked for a hot pot, we got a response that their staff were busy. . Do note that they do not allow check in till 3 PM and you have to check out by 11AM. The check in line is extremely long -bad! Bad! They should have more staff helping . . Also they charge you resort fee and If you call housekeeping for anything, they will hang up on you if they don't have an answer or transfer you to a manager who is a tad but nice but doesn't have anybsolutions. Overall Terrible!! Terrible!! Terrible!!
This is NOT a 4 star hotel and is NOT 4 star service. I have stayed many places in Vegas and this was on par with a 2 star hotel at best.. . We requested a non-smoking room and were given the option to change our check in to late night (without a discount for the day we paid we would not have a room for) or to take smoking room. We had a wedding to get to in a couple of hours and needed a place to get ready. We requested taking the smoking room and transferring to a non-smoking room later or for the second day of our stay and were told it was out of the question. We asked the girl who checked us in if there was anything that can be done as I suffer from asthma and apnea, and the smoke would exacerbate things. Her response was that they could give us free cookies. Which, by the way, they give everyone on check in... No hotel coupons or promos. No two for one drinks or free appetizers with dinner at a hotel restaurant. Nothing to justify the hotel's supposed "4-star service." At least the cookies were good. The customer service was lacking not only in check in but also when you tried to call down to the front desk and were met with no answer. Check out was a breeze but I am sure the woman who checked us out could tell by my face she shouldn't ask "How was your stay?". . Our room was spacious, the beds were okay, but the decorative pillows were dirty as was the shower. The ceiling in the bathroom had an electrical access panel which fell out when the winds kicked up so we were constantly adjusting it back into place. This was probably the reason the shower was less than clean, but your couldn't blame mother nature for the pillows.. . Our door did not seal properly, resulting in a very alarming 4 am wake up by a security guard who entered our room rather than knocking or calling up to give us warning.. . The resort fee is high for what you get. Free internet is great, as is a gym on site, but you have to pay an additional $18 to use the locker room/shower/steam room at the gym. This would result in a very sweaty uncomfortable walk across the hotel to get back to your room to clean up. I'd rather just pay for internet or a gym pass. Rule of thumb: Either charge a resort fee or charge for services, when you charge for both you come off as a scam.. . The pool looked nice but it was half closed for the season. Its funny, the advertisement that came through on the hotel had the CEO saying "We treat our guests like family." That's either VERY false advertising or  I'd hate to be in that family.
I have never given a one star review before so I really had to think about this one.. . It's unfortunate that the hotel's leadership team does not take customer concerns more seriously.  I have repeatedly contacted the property since Sept. 2013 and there has been no response.. . If you request to speak with yhe GM you grt brushed off and the impression given is that the GM is not available for guests.. . If you have an easily resolvable problem, I hope that you have better luck getting assistance.  My Hilton HHonors status did very little for me at this property which is a shame. . . I was looking forward to having a go to hotel in LV but I really can't recommend the Tropicana.
As a Hilton diamond member. I am not use to the arrogant treatment at the front desk during check in while being given a downgraded room. I reserved a king and received a twin double. This basic room had no in room coffee and the lines to both the Beach Cafe and Starbucks were over 45 minutes both mornings . Not impressed with this hotel at any price. I expected more from a Hilton property!  I do miss the old Las Vegas where the only place you got bent over was in the casino or a brothel!
The staffs was rude and management doesn't seem to care. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
Very BAD service! Every room stinks of cigarettes! No water in the bathroom. and we paid $180/night here!  If looking for a bargain chose Circus Circus instead. Otherwise pay just a bit more and stay in a decent hotel. Total junk!
No no no! Our first day/night our a/c wasn't working and so it was hot. Then every night we stayed there including the first, when we pulled back, what was supposed to be, clean bed sheets we found hair! And not any hair, pubic hair! Omg...*gag*...there were like 4 or 5 of them! Also the sheets had these yellowish stains from overuse. It was disgusting. And to make matters worse my boyfriend kept breaking out in hives in the morning! When we finally checked out I talked to the guy behind the counter who said all he could do was return the resort's fees. I may end up contacting Hotwire and see about getting a refund. Ugh. Never again with this place!
One of the oldest casino on the strip and it looks it.  Sure they modified and revamped it, but it just doesn't compared to the other casinos and it still feels dated. Not as many table games and the slots are not new.  Even though it's on a corner with 3 other large casinos and has a bridge to access them, they seem to be be far away.  Perhaps because the other casinos bridge goes directly into the casinos where the Tropicana still requires walking to get to there place.  I think they need to tear down the place because the modifications still didn't do enough for me to want to come back.
What a disappointment this place was. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond Member and stay in Hilton properties at least 2 nights a week. From the moment I walked in the door I had the feeling they could give a rats ass whether I was there or not. I was told at the front desk that I was in one of the nicer remodeled rooms. The room I was in hadn't been remodeled in at least 10 years it was clean but was worn out. In every hilton property I stay in there is always a welcome letter and a few treats waiting for me in my room, not this place. The only part of my visit that was halfway decent was the complimentary buffet breakfast that was offered for gold and diamond HH club members, I will add that if I had to pay for it I would not have been happy. I wanted to order pan cakes off the menu and the waitress told me I would have to pay al-carte  for them. I was ok with that until I found out they were $11. Yes I said $11 for a side order of pancakes. To add insult to injury I signed up for the players club which is totally misleading, don't waste your time and have never done so badly on slots in my life and tried my luck 3 different times. I stayed 4 nights and when I was checking out I saw a VIP sign on a door behind the front desk marked Gold and Diamond HH Club Members. I inquired with front desk clerk and he said oh yes that is for our HIlton Honors Club Members there are free drink and d'oeuvres nightly. It would have been nice if someone had pointed that out when I checked in rather than when I checkout. My advice is stay away from this place there are too many nice places in Vegas to stay and this is not one of them.
