Horrible take on wings. Horrible pairing with blue cheese. So dissatisfied.
Came to eat here around 1am with my girlfriends. I didn't receive my food till about 10 minutes after my friends got their food. And then didn't receive my fries until 5 mintues after that. I also ordered the tomato bisque soup, and they forgot about it! I told the manager that my fries were very cold and about my service and he started to ARGUE back with me! HA! Wooorst service ever, the manager was a total dbag. Sorry wolfgang, but you need new management at this location. . . Oh and btw the tomato bisque tasted like carrot soup! :X
Worst customer service, so-so food= not coming back to Wolfgang's. Total bummer. we were really excited to eat here while staying at the MGM for a convention. We were there for WPPI and had a group of four photographers. . . Super cute decor and good vibe, until we were greeted, or should I say not greeted by our server. It seemed as if we were bothering her by sitting down. Crappy attitude from the minute we sat down. Total ruined our vibe instantly. We tried to stay focussed on fun and not her crappy attitude. . . I asked a few questions about the wine and she acted as thoughI was a complete idiot. She did not even understand my questions. Ok, moving on. Our food came before our drinks...WTF? We are in Vegas! Ok, they bring two out of four plates of food, then drinks, then the other two plates, over a 8-9 minute stretch. Frustrating! . . My mushroom raviolis were good ($25.00) , my friends gnocchi was soft and mushy. Spaghetti;s were fine. . . Manager happens to stop by our table and asks how things are. I decided to tell him what a bad experience we were having. He was apologetic and said he would make it better. He asked if we needed more drinks and kind of pushed that we all have another. We said ok. It was as if he was going to buy us a round for our troubles.The waitress never came back, he served us the rest of our meal. . . Bill comes, he did not comp us even one thing. He acted as if he was going to and then nothing. Whenever a manager gets involved usually at least one think is comped. It was actually shocking. We had explained how we were here for business and how she ruined the whole vibe...anyways. We then said how disappointed in the whole night and especially our bill, when he pushed drinks on us and then didn't even comp them. He said he took the waitress out of the equation and thought that was enough. We didn't leave a penny for tip, and will definitely not go back next time we are in Vegas! . . Go to the Asian Express in the food court, tasty cheaper food!
Really disappointed!!!  When we walked in we started on a great note.  The hostesses were friendly and a few of the servers smiled warmly and greeted us as we ere escorted to our table.  Our server came over right away bout didn't offer any suggestions or any of his favorites or anything.  I have to assume that he wrote us off right away because we are in out 20's and he assumed we wouldn't tip him well.  There were 3 other tables seated after we were in the same servers section.  All had their drinks and bread on the table and had ordered their dinner before we were even asked for drink orders.  We sat with menus to the side ready to order for 15 minutes while our server stood across the restaurant from us and talked with another server. My husband started with chicken soup. The veggies in it were crips and fresh but the soup was rather bland.  I ordered the salmon with fingerling potatoes and spring peas and a stone ground mustard sauce.  The salmon was to be cooked to medium.  The salmon arrived and was served on a plate full of frozen peasand carrots and there were 3 halves of fingerling potatoes on the plate.  I have seen ahi tuna filets cooked more than my salmon was.  Only the outer 1/8th inch of the flash was cooked, the rest was Luke warm at best and totally raw.  There was a wait assistant near our table filling water for us and others and he checked with us right after our food was dropped and asked if we needed anything else he was polite and friendly.  Our waiter stopped by about 5 minutes later and didn't actually ask how things were just said " things are good here, ya?" and walked away.  Over all I was totally disappointed with the experience.  I have had better food and service at Applebees (which is total garbage)
The "famous"  truffle chips are glorified kettle chips and the blue cheese sauce is glorified salad dressing. After two bites you are done.....and regrettably have added $10 to your bill. Ordered their pork belly BLT, bread was stale and too thick to even bite and the pork belly wasn't crisp, felt like you were eating strips of jiggly fat. Gross. On a brighter note, my dirty martini was delicious.  Would not go here again or recommend, so many better places to eat in MGM, don't waste your $$$ on a crappy restaurant with a famous name.
We visited last week.  Be Warned! My husband's sister ordered a cheeseburger.  The waiter asked how she wanted it cooked and explained that "Medium" would be pink through-out.  She ordered the burger medium.  It took a very long time for our food to arrive and when it did, her burger was cooked very well done.  The waiter offered to have another burger made.  We had waited quite a while, and everyone was nearly done with their meals, all of us sharing with my sister-in-law whom still had no burger.  The waiter came by and my sister-in-law said to just cancel the order because we had already waited too long for it.  He said that he would take care of it.  A few minutes later, someone who appeared to be a manager came to the table delivering the burger we had already asked to be removed from the order.  My sister in law, frustrated at this point stated "No, I don't want it now".  The manager walked away.  A few minutes later I noticed the manager with a waiter standing in the middle of the restaurant pointing at our table and mocking my sister-in-law like a school yard bully.  I very discreetly informed our waiter that I thought it was highly inappropriate for his manager to behave in such a way.  Moments later the manager stormed up to our table and began raising his voice at me and scolding me for my "perception" about what had taken place.  He then went on to blame the whole incident on the waiter, who had done nothing wrong.  I won't be back.
Wolfman Puke!!. Salad was spoiled to deterioration and waiter was overwhelmed. NEVER again!
Was in Vegas this weekend with friends for a birthday celebration and we decided Sunday to have lunch at Wolfgang Pucks restaurant at MGM. I'd never eaten at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant so I was excited to try it out.  Sad to say I'll probably never eat at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant again.  We all enjoyed our food, but the service was HORRIBLE. . . It started with our waiter basically throwing the drink menu on the table. When he came back, the first thing he said was "do you have any questions?"  How about your name?  Luckily we were ready to order so he took it and then we waited, and waited, and waited. It took almost an hour from when we sat down till we received our food.  The tables around us all got their food before us, even tables that sat down after us.  One table sat down after us, ordered, ate AND paid before we got our food.  At one point the waiter came by and my friend asked him where our food was and he said it would be right out.  I was getting ready to go find the manager to ask about our food when the manager came to us.  He said our food was being plated as he spoke, but it still took another 5 minutes for it to arrive.  . . After the manager talked to us, our waiter barely came by our table; he wouldn't even make eye contact when he walked by.  He did manage to clear my drink glass, but didn't bother to ask me if I wanted another one.  After the wait we'd had, I would have taken a second drink, but I guess he didn't want us to linger.  . . It was also disappointing that the manager didn't bother to compensate us for the long wait and crappy service.  We're not sure why the manager came to us, but clearly he knew something was wrong. How about trying to make it right?  If he had, I probably wouldn't be writing this review.
I came here Sunday August 4th for dinner.  I had the lasagna, 2 friends had the pizza and 2 others in my group did not eat.  It was an average meal.  Fast forward to 10 hours later, early Monday morning, I woke up to a churning stomach, went to the restroom where I proceeded to spew out red tomato sauce from BOTH ends.  It was a terrible morning.  Both of my friends who had pizza woke up and had considerableGI discomfort all morning.  They weren't as bad as me, but they were not enjoying life.  Essentially, our Monday drive home was miserable.  The two who did not eat were fine.  . . I called the restaurant Wednesday evening, after I felt better to let them know I had possibly gotten food poisoning from their restaurant.  The manager immediately doubted me -- blaming the sickness on too much drinking (absurd).   I had maybe 5 beers the entirety of Sunday.  So unless a server shoved a bottle up where the sun doesn't shine before serving me, I have a hard time blaming it on the beer.  Not to mention, I'm in my 30's...I went to college...I am fairly familiar with alcohol sickness and hangovers.  This was not that.. . I explained to the manager that there were 5 of us and we all ate at the same places all weekend, except for Sunday night, when only 3 of us ate...the same 3 that got sick.      The manager proceeded to proclaim that you get food poisoning 72 hours after ingestion.  I had to look that up...it's not true.  Why he would lie?  I have no idea.  He just really didn't seem to even being open to the notion that his restaurant got me sick.. . Regardless, I didn't call asking for anything...I only called to inform them of the events and how my friends and I narrowed it down to their establishment.  The manager asked for my contact info and told me their general manager would get back to me in 24 hours.  It has been 5 days.  Not expecting that phone call...and I'm not expecting to ever eat at a Wolfgang Puke establishment again.
This place is so loud that we had to lean forward and try to read each other's lips. Literally. Horrible atmosphere. Too bad somebody hasn't cared that there's a problem here. It will certainly keep us from ever returning. Food and service were wonderful. On second thought, maybe I would return if I ever find myself in Las Vegas, dining alone, and have remembered to bring my earplugs.
While staying at the MGM we decided to try Wolfgang Pucks. Our Choice was  the ribeye , very disappointed mediocre at best . One piece I couldn't cut because of the ligaments in the meat, so of course imagine that in your colon . The meat was soooo thick and very bland , not happy at all for $50 . Friendly staff , clean restaurant , decor and presentation, but just not a  good ribeye.  I have had better at Outback Steak House
Do not come here if you do not have at least an hour to wait for your order. It took them forever to get a pasta, and when asked they said it takes time to cook. . STAY AWAY!
Worst experience ever! We went here because it was located in the hotel we were staying at, and it had a 4-star rating on yelp. However, I will never come back. We ordered the chili chicken wings, which was quite tasty, but my boyfriend bit into one of them and discovered it still raw. We told the server about this, and instead of just giving us a different wing or even apologize, he took it and disappeared in the back. He came back later only to tell us that it wasn't raw, and that the pinkish color was from the brine. Funny, the rest of the wings weren't pink, so what makes this one so special? Oh maybe because it was raw! Of course, my boyfriend spend the rest of the night throwing up in the bathroom. . Needless to say, we will never come back here. For one reason, they serve raw chickens to their customers, and two, they felt the need to argue with us when we reported this problem to them.
