Dear Paris,. . Your front desk staff ruined my stay at Vegas. I was there a month ago and I am still mad now. . . So here goes my story:. We made reservations for 2 nonsmoking rooms. My family and I arrived early, we tried to check in at 1pm but was told by the staff at Guest Services that our rooms were not ready and to come back at in 2 hours. Fair enough. We walked around for 2 hours, my mom started to feel ill, we returned to the front desk at 3pm. We were again told the rooms were not ready. We informed the front desk that one of the members of our party is not feeling well and we want to know how much longer is the wait. We were told in a very unsympathetic tone "I don't know. Come back in half an hour." We came back at 3:30 and was again told in a very monotone "Your rooms are not ready." So when can we expect our rooms? I asked. "I don't know. It's not ready yet." By this time, my mom was really feeling ill. The smoke in the casino was bothering her so she was literally sitting on the floor in the lobby. Which brings up another question, why are there no chairs or sitting area in your lobby? I guess that's because you want us to go and sit in the casino right? We again, informed the staff that someone is not feeling well. We have two rooms, can we check into one. We got a very unenthuastic "Sure". She found us a room. How long has that option been available? And then even more puzzling, she handled us one set of room keys and then a few seconds later, handed us another set of room keys. No explanation what-so-ever but apparently, we got both of our rooms. . . The next day, I decided I wanted to speak to management about this. Certain family members tried to talk me out of it saying "Don't bother, they have our money only. They don't care. We're not high-rollers." I thought about it but then thought it's not fair to you if we don't even give you the opportunity to make things better. So the next day, my sister and I went down to Guest Services and asked to speak with the manager who's on. We spoke with the manager. We told her what happened. She gave us a fake smile and without looking into anything said she can explain to us what happened. She states that they usually try to accomodate early check-ins but sometimes it's just not possible. I can understand that but wait, isn't the check-in time suppose to be 3pm? Apparently not, she said their check-in is at 4pm. Bellagio, MGM Grand, and many other hotels on the strip have a 3pm check-in time but at Paris it's 4pm. This was also information that we never received at the front desk. She also apparently didn't feel that our complaint of lack of communication with the front desk was justified. We were sent back and forth three times but she said rooms are constantly being turn-overed and said "at a click of a button on the computer, things change... We might have no rooms available one second and then the next second we have tons of rooms all clean." The tone of the manager was condescending and patronizing. I was even more upset after talking to her than before. . . Okay, so maybe I shouldn't have said anything, I'll just write you a nasty yelp review. . . I can deal with you old and smelly rooms but I cannot deal with you snotty attitude. . . So in conclusion, I am not coming back to this hotel again. There are better hotels on the Vegas strip. Apparently, the staff here thinks they are true Parisians.
Highly disappointed! I will be writing a personal letter to whomever is in charge but this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It makes me sad since I stayed here for my wedding at the Paris Chapel. They get the one star due to the wonderful ladies at the chapel and that is it!!
cet hotel suce. (this hotel sucks). La seule bonne chose de cet hotel est la boucle de traducteur dans la salle de bains . (The only good thing about this hotel is the translator loop in the bathroom.). Il m'a aide a apprendre le francais. (It helped me learn french). . We checked into the Paris hotel with 4 girls on a ladies weekend. We had hopes of many things! . 1. A room facing the fountain at the Bellagio! . 2. A glorious deep bath tub in which to relax in!. 3. Friendly staff!. 4. Crepes at the fabulous brunch buffet!. 5. A fun casino to play in!. 6. Some night time dancin!. So guess how many of those hopes came true?. Z E R O. 1. The fountain room would be an extra $50 a night. No thank you.. 2. The tub was dirty, shallow and was nothing compared to Palazzo or Mandalay tubs.. 3. Every single staff member we encountered was rude and condescending.. 4. The buffet line was out to the parking garage, so we peaced out and went to Hash House a go go (some serious nommers, you should check it out http://www.yelp.com/biz/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-2#hrid:PpsyEgiZV6pOR9d866UdjA. 5. The casino was always empty, not fun atmosphere and a huge minimum to play. We weren't down to gamble in a place with this much bad juju, so we took our business elsewhere. . 6. We saw the pattern of suckiness from Paris, so we went to another hotel to get our groove on. . In the end we had an awesome weekend because we were 4 girls in Vegas, but it was not in any way because of The Paris Hotel. We will stick to our usual favs, Mandalay Bay http://www.yelp.com/biz/mandalay-bay-las-vegas#hrid:mm-vdN2kaLaMd-FchnuGYQ or Rio http://www.yelp.com/biz/rio-las-vegas#hrid:lrbx4oPgg9dOQWvojpLRcg.
PLEASE BE ADVISED! . . Paris hotel is a nice place to stay if you want your vehicle stolen! After discovering our car stolen from the Paris parking structure  we headed off to the security office. With us were other patrons that had their cars stolen as well. Paris' response "We are within our legal limits, you park at your own risk" ... But when cars are stolen NIGHTLY why not secure your structure Paris, the structure is pitch black... why not provide proper lighting as a deterrent, it is not cost effective to keep your patrons safe??. It is not a priority?? Hmmm!!. . Paris Hotel and Casino is only concerned about THEIR bottom line... Not mankind.  . . THIS IS NO JOKE!  GOOGLE PARIS HOTEL AND CASINOPARKING STRUCTURE AND YOU WILL SEE THIS IS FACTUAL AND AN ONGOING PROBLEM!  . .  PLEASE  do not allow yourselves to fall victim as my family did!
PARIS HOTEL AND CASINO WILL NOT STEP UP TO THE PLATE!!. . My vehicle was found in a  parking lot  totally stripped about  a mile off   . Las  Vegas Blvd.  Insurance deemed the vehicle.  a  total loss. Now we are dealing with insurance headaches. We called the Paris Hotel To give them a second opportunity to make things right, show some compassion...after all we missed dinner reservations, show tickets, and spent our entire stay talking w insurance,  security, police detectives. and car rental personnel...NO SUCH LUCK...  Just a repeat of what we we're told at the Hotel reception  "we are NOT responsible, we are within our legal limit". THEY WON'T STEP UP TO THE PLATE...THEY DON'T HAVE TO, OR CARE TO!  I WILL ASSURE NEVER TO RETURN TO PARIS HOTEL AND CASINO.
1. They NEVER clean up Room Service, it's there more than 48 hrs, just sitting there rotting. You would think Housekeeping would notify them to take it away. . . 2. WiFi at Paris: $15 a day for Low Signal 1Mbps. WOW! . I was told. - Low does not indicate how the internet works - Shawn, COX. - Windows does not allow you to specify which router to connect to so... there's nothing you can do.. (3 hrs go by no tech shows up to check anything). - Nothing can be done but will send a tech (he is real nice about it) - Bin. - Tech comes, says (1) I have signal in the room (2) it is my laptop because it's a work laptop so it doesn't work with WiFi in the hotel. . I explain the entire rest of my company at this conference at Paris has connection with the same laptop, same company.. . - Supervisor is sent up (Fernando). He says I have connection. He says his cell phone see's the network at perfect signal. I show him that with my wireless tethering off 3G its 5/5 signal but with the COX-Paris network it is 1/5 LOW. I ask to see his. He goes "I cannot get it off 3G so I cannot switch to WiFi." WHAT? Did he go to school??? I tell him how to see it and he goes "See, its medium signal" (1/5). He's blind too, great.. . I test the laptop in the hallway- 5/5. . It's OBVIOUSLY the room.. . I call the front desk to complain. They don't really care. They said "It may not be your room". This is the worst customer service to date that I have EVER seen at ANY hotel. I ask to be moved and they said they'll see what they can do. . . Horrible.
I cant recommend Paris at all.  I was actually looking forward to staying at  Paris because it seemed like a nice hotel from the appearance of the lobby/casino.  Well, my room was a standard king and it was in disrepair!  The armoire was banged up and missing pieces, the carpet was stained and filthy!  The bathroom had mold in the shower and the vent was caked with dirt and lint.  The mini-bar was empty and all table surfaces had cup stains and had clearly not been cleaned in some time.. . The casino area smelled so overwhelmingly of smoke that even a few minutes in there resulted in my clothes and skin smelling like I smoked a pack of cigarettes!  . . Stay at Mandalay if you need affordable otherwise I would stick to the Cosmopolitan, Venetian or Bellagio!!!!!
To preface this review, i have stayed at all ranges of vegas hotels, including the Motel 6, Excaliber, Luxor, Mirage, Aria, Wynn and the Encore.. . We arrived at the Paris and on check-in was told there were no rooms with King beds, which we had requested months in advance. "Paris does not guarantee rooms, but you can pay extra to guarantee a room". No big deal, but when we asked if they could check again to make sure there were no King beds, we were told "Umm, I wouldn't lie to you" with attitude. Ok, again, no big deal (but I thought this was the service industry and Vegas isn't exactly in the best of times right now, so don't they want my future business?). . . When we got to our room, it was clean but not in the best shape - the carpet had stains, dirty/ratty wallpaper and dated furniture. Outside, there were holes in the hallway walls as well as the elevator. Definitely below what we expected for the price (compared to the other hotels we had stayed at).. . Went to take a shower, no hot water (we let the water run for a good 15 minutes). Called the front desk and was told they would send engineering up, but again, very rude front desk. Never had the problem fixed, so switched rooms.. . Second room had hot water, but the TV was broken. No way to access the movie/music menu. No big deal since I only watch ESPN. . . On check out I saw I was charged $10 for movie or music I had ordered. I called to explain that this was impossible since I couldn't even get to the movie/music menu since the TV was broken. This is the conversation I had:. . "Sir, you must have ordered it, the TV doesn't just do this by itself.". "But I just told you the TV was...". "Sir, don't cut me off.". "OK.". "If the TV was broken you should have called somebody, this is YOUR fault.". "I just told you, I only watch ESPN so it wasn't a really a problem for me so I didn't call.". "So it's YOUR fault. Next time you should call.". "OK. Next time the movie button doesn't work on my TV I will call. Are you going to credit me the $10?". "No. I just told you it's your fault.". "Can I talk to someone else.". "No you can't. This is what I do, you can't talk to anyone else.". "Can I have your name?". "No you cannot.". . Then she gave me her name as "Barbara" and then put me on hold and never picked up. . . I called back and they put me in touch with an assistant manager who said there was no "Barbara" who worked there - So Paris has front desk employees who aren't helpful, are rude and they lie. (On a side note, the assistant manager and operator were nice and helpful).. . So bottom line, I will never be staying here or gambling here again. It's just a poor value, there are much better values to be had elsewhere on the Strip. And if the management can't get their front desk and staff to be polite to people (by the way, politeness and honesty are FREE) they don't deserve to be in the service industry.
This was my first trip to Vegas, and let me tell you, if you want the true American in France feel, stay here. I checked in wanting a room for 2 with 2 queens and they gave me a king. I called the front desk and spoke to Peter or Pierre, who told me that W...E inconvenienced them because we checked in late. Explained I was sorry I couldn't get off work earlier to get there so I could get in earlier than 1 AM. I was lucky enough to spend my first night ever in Vegas on a cot! They were nicer to me the next morning to give me the room I needed, but didn't feel to compensate at all for the inconvenience to me. THEN, after I checked out, the next morning I received a text that my checking was overdrawn. Finally, it was figured out that I was nice enough to pay for someone else's room. I gave this hotel 1 star because it was rather beautiful. But I've never been treated rudely by any hotel before.
We stayed at the Paris because they claimed to be dog friendly. The front desk emplyee at registration was about as friendly and welcoming as a DMV employee on a Monday afternoon. No smile no personality and as stiff as a board. We told them up front that we had a dog, we paid extra because we had a dog, we were honest and responsible about every aspect of our reservation as one could, but shetreated us as if our dog was going to destroy the room and proceeded to lecture us about what we would be responsible for should we cause any damage, even if they find something at any date even after we leave. Our dog is crate trained and we brought our crate, so as to make sure nothing happened while we were out of the room. . . We also booked a couple of hours for a relaxing visit at Paris Spa by Mandara. We booked a massage and facial package that included their three enzyme deep cleaning exfoliating treatment. My massage was good, but I have had much better. My wife specifically said that she wanted lite pressure and nothing that resembles deep tissue, but her masseuse had to be told several times to use less pressure. My wife said it was not relaxing at all. . The facials were good, but save yourself the money and skip the three enzyme part, or better yet get a spa package elsewhere.
We won't stay here again.  We only booked this place because Caesars, where we normally stay, was hosting an event and so the rooms were 4x the normal rates.  And now that we've seen the new Cosmopolitan hotel, I doubt we'll stay anywhere else!. . We booked a king non-smoking, but when we arrived, there were no king N/S rooms available, so they put us in a room with 2 double beds.  They agreed to move us the next day for a room with a king bed and a view (you can get a great view of the Bellagio fountains from Paris) for our troubles, and when we finally re-packed and got moved, we had no view of the fountains, instead we were one floor above the pool.  I don't really care to stare at sunbathers all day, and being only one floor up made for very loud mornings, when people started partying at the pool and music was thumping.. . The beds are horrible.  There are no comforters, just a blanket with sheets on either side of it (a fake "duvet"?), the mattresses are hard and the pillows are bad.  The rooms are also so dated, with old furnishings, old school tvs, etc, and our shower had giant cracks in the floor (the tiles)... I was a little concerned about where that water was going!  There was a minibar but it was empty?  Weird...
Was so excited to get an offer for Barry Manilow tickets and free rooms. (Don't laugh...I love Barry Manilow) Got right on the telephone and tried to book it. Alas, I was told Manilow was completely sold out. I was crushed. Thank heavens I hadn't made my flight reservations yet.. . If you don't have any room, don't send out the offers - I don't need your junk in my hand. It creates a negative impression. Besides, the last time I was in Vegas your hotel looked really worn and shabby compared to the Cosmopolitian.. . I Can't Smile Without my Manilow fix. Maybe a Weekend in New England would help get over it. If I thought I could Make it Through the Night, that is. Or a trip to the Copacabana. Oh Mandy..glad you're leaving Paris. Don't let the door hit you in a$$ on your way out...
So far, I don't like it here! We just checked in and so far the customer service has been horrible....okay we decided to self park and it is crazy the distance you need to walk to get to the reception area, where there was a crazy line and only five people checking in customers. We finally got to the counter and let them know that unfortunately we we unable to stay our second night...reply..you will need to call Expedia. here Here is the thing, my husband called the hotel and was transferred to reservations and got  Expedia! Okay so we then get our keys and info and honestly she didn't tell us one thing about the hotel and barely gave us info about where the  room is...then we find the room, and it's on the housekeeping floor...never get put in rm 2248p,,,,you look at @ nothing...oh then we get our Barry Mannilow tickets (yes a fan) and the guy tells us nothing...not when to be there...where to go! Nada! So I just got here and we are still on the phone trying to not stay here another night! I will never stay here again!  Oh and there is nothing in the mini-bar and there is this out-dated tubed television on the right side of the room and the bed is in the middle,,,,,really? Never again! I hope Barry is worth the hassle...oh and when we called Expedia, they called Paris who stated they would still charge us for the room night! What a disaster!
Village Buffet not worth it. The long wait is to be expected but once in, the place is chaotic, very noisy with dishes clanging, cleaning carts sounding like jets taking off rolling on some kind of stone floor. Food was not that good and the plates the offer are saucers. King crab legs should be called king spider legs and they don't give you implements to crack them open to get to what meat might be in there if you can crack them. I had the feeling they were offered so they could advertise king crab like the other buffets in Vegas. Rest of the dishes were run of the mill, nothing special, so overall, not a good place and service was bad as well.
This hotel is in need of a MAKEOVER!!! The rooms have blue carpet, like that of my 85 year old grandmothers house! The decor looks way outdated and the furniture looks like it came from a garage sale!. . My cousins stayed here and I came to see their hotel room. They came to Vegas to not only have fun but relax, not at the Paris you don't! The beds in this hotel are hard as a ROCK!!!!! The pillows are the same quality as those you get on an international flight! Small, cheap and lumpy! I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone!  I feel so bad my family members stayed here. I told them to talk to me next time they want to book a hotel, so I can steer them clear of duds like this one!
The great dilemma, is this resort & casino worth 1 or 2 stars?  I love the location of this hotel and had a room with a view of the bellagio fountains.  Despite those promising facts, I changed hotels after 2 nights.  The casino did nothing for me, nor the mock french streets and restaurants.  I am in my mid 30s and was also on the younger end of those I saw roaming this resort.. . The room was kind of blah.....had a nice big bathroom but the normal living area was pretty small.  It is evident that this is an older hotel and casino.   But the main reason for the rating of 1 star.....I have to agree with the other reviewer that commented on the air quality.  Ever time I walked into this resort, I feel like somebody kicked me in the stomach.  The stench of the air was disgusting.  If you look at the painted ceiling in the casino, you might see pollution.  If they were to give air quality ratings to casinos similar to cities, they should tell you to wear a mask and drag and air tank with you into this joint.. . And the debate ends with 1 star.  It wasn't a complete disaster but I did end up changing hotels and would not stay here in the future.
As far as location, it doesn't get better than Paris, however that's about the only thing Paris has going for it.. The hotel is pretty from a far and seems fancy but it's nothing special when you actually spend time in the casino and restaurants.. My real reason for giving this hotel only 1 star is because of the staff. By far the worst, unhelpful, rude, miserable staff I've ever encountered (and I'm from NYC).... The reception/front desk are not welcoming at all. They don't want to answer your questions and they just blow you off. The waiters and clerks all look like they're in pain working there and they never crack one smile.. The only good thing, like I stated is the location. But for the same view and location, I would recommend staying at Planet Hollywood.
DO NOT STAY UNLESS YOU WANT YOUR PERSONAL BELONGINGS STOLEN!!! I am currently on vacation here at Paris (not even here 24 hours) and someone at the pool stole my bag with my personal items such as phone, wallet with credit cards and id. Granted it was partially my fault for stepping away for two minutes; however the hotel staff and security were NOT helpful. Security simply made me fill out a report and that was the end of that. The front desk kept asking for ID in order for us to get new keys into our room in which we couldn't provide this information because it was stolen. The person who stole our things withdrew over 1000.00 from a local ATM as well as went on a shopping spree at the Nike store. Surveillance cameras were not checked and the front desk did not even allow us to use their phone to make a phone call. The front desk was quick to say that they would charge my stolen credit card the balance of the room before I decided to call my credit card company to report it stolen. My entire trip is ruined because I have no id, no money, and now I have to spend another day tomorrow tryng to find a police sub station that is open in order to file a report as well as try to get some type of report verifying my identity to travel home. . . Entering Paris, you will notice tons of security wandering around; however when something actually happens they are useless. Anyone is allowed to come to pool with or without a room key. It wouldn't surprise me if one of the Paris employees by the pool had somethng to do with it!
Our room at Paris was robbed, they took a laptop and some other electronics.  . . It isn't a sure thing that Paris employees were responsible - though it is more likely than not, since there was no forced entry - but the Paris security staff had no interest in helping us.  The security guy said that he had never in ten years seen a situation where a maid robbed a room.  It might not happen frequently, but to suggest it never happens is ridiculous.  (And when the theft was reported to the cops, the officer said maids are often responsible for theft at hotels.)  . . The Paris security staff also discouraged us from reporting the matter to the police, wouldn't tell us when key cards had been used to access our room, wouldn't tell us if they found anything from reviewing their security tapes, and generally did little other than CYA.  . . I'm sure there is some theft at every hotel.  But the way the Paris staff handled it made it much worse.
LADIES-. . Don't wear heels to this place it was obviously designed by men!  There is cobblestone everywhere, shined and polished to the slipperiest of slopes for stilettos to find!!!! . . You have to walk really far before you find your saving grace: carpet!. . The men aren't good looking, the tables are too high, the bartenders are slow, the parking is far. . . Go somewhere better and safer in your heels.
The only thing I have ever been to at this hotel before and liked and still do is Mon Ami Gabi, the restaurant close to Las Vegas Blvd in the casino/hotel lobby. The rest sucks. You can hear neighbors in their rooms, the doors are dirty, the staff is slow and half of them are not very friendly. Finally, I stay in a lot of hotels on business travel. This hotel is SLOW at checking people in and during their peak check in time they only had 4 employees staffed at the front desk.  On top of that it is $25 a day for the gym which is lacking and you have to pay $5 to print a boarding pass while at other hotels it is free. While gambling at Paris and Planet Hollywood the wait staff doesn't come by for an hour or more to serve a drink. Valet also took an eternity, it was faster to self park and walk the distance. I hope I don't have to stay here again.
After a night of watching rugby at a local bar, we head to Paris, for some zzzs.. . Deep into the night......... . Hubs: "Baby, this place has bed bugs, I have just been bit!". . Game over.
Awful awful awful! Why would anyone actually choose to stay here when there are so many other options on the strip?? Bad service, seriously outdated, dirty room (even our "upgraded suite") and the list goes on. My boyfriend and I stayed here because he was attending a fitness convention so this obviously made sense for us. Our last night there, he got food poisoning (from Olives at the Bellagio) so he was throwing up and having horrible chills. I called down to housekeeping to have them bring us more blankets, but was informed that they had run out (seriously?) so they brought us some extra sheets instead. Thanks. . In conclusion, this hotel needs a MAJOR overhaul to keep up with the new swanky ones or else I can't imagine how on earth they will survive.
I remember when this was one of the nicest hotels on the Strip. Like Napoleon, those days are long gone.. . The rooms still have tube tvs, and some of the finishes look well worn. . . The elevators reek of cigarette smoke. . . The pool area has cracks on the pavement. . . The customer service is good overall, but you are starting to get what you pay for.. . They charge $15 a day for Internet, and $25 a day if you use it in the business center.  . . I went to the coffee shop to ask for a cup of hot water, and they charge $4.  Really?  You've got to be kidding.
Sunday breakfast buffet no better than denny's.  Heard the champagne brunch which doesn't start til' 11 has more to offer but still not likely to be worth the money.
I'm absolutely clueless as to why this place is rated 4 stars; nothing about this place is 4 stars.. . I spent $300 after a corporate discount for 2 nights in a "luxury" room with my girlfriend and there was absolutely nothing luxurious about it. The room smelled nice and the furniture looked french, but that's about as good as it got.  There was no closet in the room at all.  The worst part was the bed, which was a nasty old spring mattress older than I am (pushing 30); seriously, their rooms have hands down the oldest, most uncomfortable hotel bed I've ever seen.  I would expect to find a bed like that in a mom and pop motel in the middle of nowhere, not a "luxury" room in a 4 star resort. I had to pay an extra $45/night to upgrade to a room with an upgraded bed but if I wanted to sleep on a king size bed with my girlfriend I had to get a smoking room (and of course I'm not a smoker).. . The staff was not helpful at all; nobody offered to help us move our luggage or apologize for the laughably bad bed they tried to give me.  The music they play in the elevator is all from the 50's because they can't afford to license music anyone wants to hear.  All the French accents in their 80's informational videos and hold messages are horribly fake, their super-slow Internet access is $15/day, most areas of the hotel need a fresh coat of paint but they're so broke that their mini-fridge isn't even stocked with anything and the only 24 hour food place is a candy store called the Sugar Factory.. . Also, If I'm paying hundreds of dollars a day at a resort in Vegas, I'd expect to be able to drink at the pool.  If you're thinking that too, expect to be told by the crew at the Paris that there's no alcohol allowed.. . All in all, I was disgusted by my experience there and I'll never EVER stay there, gamble in their casino or recommend them to anyone.  For less money, you can stay at the Luxor in a suite with a hot tub.  Paris was the worst time I've ever had in Vegas.
I stayed Aug 21-23, 12 for a business trip.  On Aug 23 at 6AM, I was woken up by jack hammer noises.  I called the front desk and they transfered me over to a Dan(?).  Dan asked his staff over the radio whats going on and they said that their boss ok'd the jackhammering at any cost in the buffet area.  Then I overheard that other rooms were complaining.  Then Dan said he could not do anything and hung up the phone on me.  I called again and I assume I talked to Dan again and he transferred me over to the Hotel Manager's vm.  I left a vm stating the issue that the jackhammering is going on with my cell number.  I decided to call the front desk at 8AM to talk to another manager and they told me that all managers are at the 8AM meeting.  So I asked them to write my contact to have someone explain why they had to jack hammer at 6AM.  After 24hrs, I still have no contact from them.. . They have no customer service.  All they care is about taking my money.  If any management from Paris Hotel reads this, please contact me asap.
First time staying at Paris, we wanted to finally try it. We had high expectations that were not met :( Very outdated rooms, old fashion TVs, no iPod docks or even an adapter on the old clock radios. Charged for gym service! The only highlight was our lunch at the Effiel Tower restaurant , which we would go to again & recommend! Good thing we ended our four day stay in Vegas at Mandalay Bay! One of our favorite places in town!
Working for a large company we met a goal and the company rented out the pool area and the Chateau night club to celebrate the goal. The customer service was horrible at the club. The only nice people were the bartenders around the pool not in the club. We left the exit of the club by the pool telling the bouncer we would be right back and he said as long as we had our wrist band and stamp we could get back in. We go to get back in and he would not let us. We had to go back around to the front main entrance and then trying to get back to the table where we got bottle service was a joke nobody in that club knew how to get to the table!! So we left the club and spent our money elsewhere.. . Then in the morning we go to leave and wait a while for our car from valet... there was one group ahead of us. We still waiting 20 min. Only to get into the car and see that the ipod touch that was hidden in the car was STOLEN!! Oh but the valet guy who stole it was nice enough to leave the case, as if we wouldn't notice the ipod was missing. The car was only in the valet lot and the ipod was in there when we left it. Yes we should have taken it but they valet guy should NOT have been going through our car and stealing our stuff. Called the hotel to complain and was told it never happens at the hotel and the head of security and head of valet would be calling me. I still have not received a call. . . Unfortunately for my company who paid over $40,000 for the party was not treated like we should have been. The money should have gone to a hotel that would have appreciated the $$ more then they did!
Are you kidding me! We were there and there was only one elegant server named Lacie, the rest should not be wearing swimsuits, made us lose our appetites looking at them. Not only low end looking women, but the slang and 'aw huh, thats what you want', excuse me, what happened to a proper speaking servers?  Also, we watched kids pee in the pool and no one did anything about it. Management needs to take off their sunglasses.
What did I get myself into...Paris, France...more like Paris Texas. This hotel needs major renovations! The rooms are tiny. The ceilings in the bathroom and room were stained and cracked.  The plumbing needs to be fixed. Every time I turned on the faucet a stench would come out reeking of sewer. The tv in the room was from 1964. What hotel holds big box tvs anymore. Even the holiday inn have flat screens. There was loud music at night coming from the casino that we could hear from the 20th floor. When I called the front desk the receptionist advised the noise was coming from across the street and there was nothing they could do about it. Even though I would stand by the Window and could tell the sounds were coming from below. The receptionist even advised that she was getting calls from the 32nd floor in regards to the music noise. The receptionist did not seem to care that the music was being a disturbance. There was no security to check our room keys in the lobby area so basically anyone could access the elevators to the rooms in the hotel at night which is very dangerous. I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and usually there is security to check your room keys. This hotel was a huge disappointment. Major renovations are needed. This is not a 4 star hotel, far from it. I stayed at this hotel with my cousins for our annual family trip and will not be staying here ever again. I would not even recommend this hotel to an enemy. Your better off at circus circus. At least there would be no shock in what you get over there.
Even the manager of the reservations line could not rectify not making my reservation properly. Why do you need to talk to them only to be patched thru to the restaurant which never picks up the phone? Then you lose the reservation time you wanted because it takes 4 more calls to get thru. Stupidity and no loyalty to locals. Maybe the Vegas economy would be better if this town knew the meaning of customer service and especially to their locals who might actually return regularly and make recommendations to people who visit here on where they should go. I certainly won't ever recommend the customer service skills of ANY Ceasars  property until they fix their service issues!
In case anyone from the hotel reads this, we were in room 1561.  Service, location on the strip and cleanliness were good. Beds were bad: two queen beds and they both felt like plywood under a sheet.  two thin sheets on top - no comforter or blanket, no pillowtop mattress, tiny thin hard pillows .... for $199 per night.   Food and drinks way overpriced in this hotel....a well drink was $14.  So, the value wasn't there and we won't go back because of that...there are too many other great places to stay.
POOL DRINKERS BE WARE!!!!  Okay, so I'm a glutton for punishment. Went back to the Paris Pool and my unattractive, over-weight, rude and seldom  seen waitress (I had to go find her several times; once she had her mouth full of food and couldn't speak) was appalled when I asked where my change was from paying for cash. She told me it was customary for the waitress to keep the change....WTH...with her service skills she should be paying them to let her work there.  Also, not too smart, I overheard her telling her co-worker when I went to find her AGAIN that she spit in my drink after I asked for my change back.  Now I know its not just their appearance that makes me ill but their DNA as well....
Paris Las Vegas is by the far the worst hotel one could stay in LV.  I made reservations 6 weeks ago for a Red Premier Room for a special occasion (also booked a room for my wife's parents flying in) on the site and called in to verify and everything was supposed to be set.  I didn't receive the room I reserved weeks in advance, my wife's parents didn't receive the room reserved and while escalating this at the front desk, this french speaking agent had the audacity to tell a Fortune Technology Executive that I didn't know how to use the computer and made the reservations wrong even though I had an iphone, ipad and my own wireless access point and showed her what I ordered on the website (Paris sucks even further and does not even give free Internet service to its guests unless you pay $12.95/24hours).  I should get a full refund of my T&E and immediate termination of the agent that angrily and publicly berated my technological skills.  You should never run a hotel with such piss poor customer service. Gary Loveman actually runs a place like this?
Just experienced the worst customer service at cafe belle madeline inside Paris Hotel in las vegas. Employee named Daisy has zero customer service training. I never complain but the way she treated me atrocious especially when she mistakenly though I cut into the line... a simple I'm sorry would suffice instead she lectures me and refuses to apologize. So busy telling me to queue in line even when I escalated to yelling (which I never do) she never heard me explain I had been standing in line the whole time
First impression hotel from the outside looks great! Lobby kept up my expectations. Gladly surprised. Until I waked into the room. I felt as though I walked into my 90 year old grandparents house. The smell, the look, and the furniture are awful. The furniture is outdated. The mattress is flat and feels like its 15 years old. So I called down stairs asking for an upgrade, completely willing to pay. The first person Brian I spoke to was rude and unhelpful. So I asked for a manager. I was transferred to Selene who was even worse than Brian. Her snooty tone and unprofessionalism was mind blowing. The customer service at this hotel is awful. I would not recommend staying at this hotel. And I will not be returning.
This was my 7th time to Vegas and first time staying at the Paris. It will also be my last.... The service and the rooms are absolutely terrible!. . We arrived around 11:30 am on a Weds. We knew it may be too early to check in but most hotels on the strip allow early check ins around noon. So we decided to give it a shot when we arrived. After waiting in line for nearly 20 mins (when there was only 4 people in front of us) we finally got to up to the counter. We gave our name and confirmation number and to our dismay the nice lady told us we only had reservations for one night instead of the four we booked and our name wasn't on any of the four rooms reserved for my wife's company. PLUS, there's now a $25 early check in fee!!! Our jaws dropped... We had to wait two hours for the wife's boss to arrive so he could sort out the confusion. AFTER all that was finally figured out, the nice lady proceeded to tell us that our rooms weren't ready. This being at 3:30 when regular check-in time usually is... She told us to come back after an hour to see. Needless to say an hour later (4:30 for those who can't keep track) and they still weren't. So the nice lady (sarcasm if you can't tell) personally disappeared for another 15 mins to go yell at the cleaning crew herself. A half hour later, the rooms were finally ready. We had dinner reservations with a client at 6... That left us barely an hour to get ready. Luckily we were meeting downstairs at Mon Ami Gabi. After all our hassle, the nice lady never once apologized, nor offered anything to us for all of the trouble we had checking in.. . Now... the rooms, ugh. We walked in and I felt like I was teleported back to Chicago where I was walking into my Grandmother's living room. Everything was dated, the old lamps on the walls were crooked, the small living area couch looked like it was from 1935. I even thought I caught a whiff of mothballs at one point. The TV was in the "living area" and was hard to see from where the bed was. There was no closet in the room at all. The old spring mattress felt like 1" thick plywood with some sheets and a comforter on top. The pillows were tiny and it was a complete nightmare to sleep. The bathroom featured a single sink, toilet, separate bathtub, and a stand alone shower.... That was about the size of the bathroom on our Southwest plane. Rushing, the wife and I turned the shower on expecting hot water to flow within a min or two. Literally 15 mins later we finally had hot water. We crammed into the shower with only 40 mins to be downstairs. The wife usually takes about 1.5 hours to get ready, so she's not happy at this point. We barely made our dinner reservations with our important client. . . When we were finally ready to leave, we had the bell hop take our bags so we could walk around for a little while longer before our shuttle arrived. He handed me our ticket to hold our bags and actually stood there with his hand out waiting for a tip. I was shocked, then after finally giving him a couple bucks he just turned and walked away without saying anything. . . I've stayed at MGM, Monte Carlo, Mirage (x2), Venetian, and TI... This by far was the worst experience I've ever had at a hotel on the strip. Pick any other hotel but this one, it's not as glamorous as it seems from the outside.
HORRIBLE customer service at the front desk by Youngmi. Let her name be known. YOUNGMI. . . I came here for work to attend the MINExpo at the Convention Center and was having trouble checking in because my name on my DL (my legal name) didn't match the name that the room was under (my nickname).. . She was completely rude and condescending. She told me that her manager told her to call the lady organizing the MINExpo to verify that my name is indeed such and such.. . I have no idea what the organizers of the MINExpo have anything to do with verifying my legal name. And I'm pretty sure it is not one "lady" organizing an event of this size -- 1,800 exhibitors and 45,000 attendees and you think one lady is going to have my name on a list?. . She told me that she called the lady at the MINExpo and she was out to lunch. It's 2pm. Really? She's out to lunch? . . Had she been smart, she would have said I need to call the government to verify your name. Oh, I'm sorry the whole government is out to lunch.. . I asked her, "Why do you need to call the lady organizing the MINExpo to verify my name?" and she says, "You don't understand what I'm saying?" NO I don't understand what you are saying because your excuse to not check me in makes absolutely no sense.. . I asked her for the hotel number and this is the number she gave me 712-946-7000. She watched me write down the number and she looked at the paper when I asked her "Is this the number" and she nodded saying yes. Come on now this isn't a misunderstanding! Youngmi is giving me completely INCORRECT information for the hotel!!! The Paris Hotel wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for a shitty employee named YOUNGMI..   . So Youngmi tells me because the lady at the MINExpo is out to lunch its going to take awhile to verify me name and she adds, "I highly suggest you checkin your baggage and come back in a couple of hours.". . Instead, I decided to stand there and make the situation awkward by lingering in front of her and made a mental note of her name YOUNGMI for writing reviews like this.  .  . Anyway the lady that helped me check-in once the name on the hotel reservation was changed, was completely polite and courteous. Until they decide to fire Youngmi I wouldn't recommend booking a room at the Paris Hotel.
Aweful experience.  The weekend was supposed to be a 50th birthday for a friend and turned into an unfulfilling experience.  It all began at valet, attempting to get parked after a long 4 hour drive.  The valet, whose name I cannot remember but description I can, was tall, goofy, white guy with austin powers teeth, began by telling me the the valet was full, only room for hotel guests.  I said, oh, were guests and he asked for our key...we hadn't checked in yet.  This master interrogator then told my wife and I that our stories did not match-up and he would not be taking our car...I was fuming!  I told him to move a cone and parked my car in self-park and literally ran to the valet manager.  She was nice, tried to be helpful, but only offered to park our car in VIP, where that ass would have access to it, I told her thanks but no thanks, I'll walk.  I then went to check-in and complained, hoping to get a better resolution.  That manager was nice, took my information and said he would call when he reached his boss to tell her the story...never heard a thing...I really feel like I was kicked in the balls, everybody laughed and nothing was done to the offender, and that was only at check-in!  A list of other things wrong with this hotel you say?  Well lets start with rude staff, espcially ther waiters, the hotel looks grungy inside, the room looked like a mess!  The lamp shades looked like they were cleaned in dirt, the shower took 15 minutes to warm up from the frigid north, the bed was like sleeping on a rock and actually a rock may have been softer, a housekeeper walked into our room after one knock and saw my wife naked!  The bottom line is that this hotel is God aweful on customer service and cleanliness, I could have stayed in downtown for half the price and gotten treated like a king.  The Paris and it's affiliates will never see me, my friends or family again, nor any of the money we come to spend.  Thanks for an aweful experience.
i usually do not take the time to do this, so please hear me out to make a different hotel choice!  rude is the word of the weekend...from the waitors to the vallet to the house keeping. so extremely let down..i was looking forward to staying at "the paris" ..the room was dirty (stains), out dated (no ipod plug in), chipped up bath tub. i have stayed at nicer hotels in downtown... btw...make sure when someone knocks on the door you run to the door fast, house keeping will open the door and find you naked!!! will never ever stay here again!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just checked into Paris. I reserved the Red Room Premier . I was excited from what I read on the Paris website. When I opened the door to my room I was greatly disappointed. The room is old, stained, small, and fails to even remotely resemble what was advertised on the website. I complained to the front desk and was told I had gotten the correct room and not all of the Red Room Premiers resemble the one on the website. They advertised these rooms were newly or recently renovated. I asked the how long ago the renovation took place and I was told 6 years ago. This place is a dump. Save yourself the trouble and go across the street to the Bellagio or to Cesar's .
The event we were in town for started at 7:00pm,left the hotel at 6:15pm was in traffic on the strip for about 25mins.made my left turn in front of the Paris Hotel in the line for self parking 20mins.looking for a parking space 15mins.another 10mins.from the parking lot to the event,I learn a big lesson( monorail or cab )
First time I ever stayed at the Paris. I will NEVER stay there again. . . Here's a quick run down: I had two roach experiences here. 1) at a restaurant (review is on here) and 2) in my parent's bed. My dad was sitting on the side and my mom threw the blanket over to make it and a roach crawled out. We thought we killed it, put it in a plastic bag and marched down to the front office. The lady, with no tact, proceeded to ask where we were from (my parents are from NY) and she asked us if we have these there (WTF?). Then she rips its head off in front of us, says its still moving and takes it in the back. She also tells us "I don't think this is a roach" which leads me to believe we now have some mutant bug. Gross. While my parents got an upgrade to a suite (whoopy do, for 1 night) we were all generally skeeved. Also throughout the hotel are cracks and holes in the hallway walls. . . The casino games are not very fun, and the minimum bets are way too high for this place. Ceasar was cheaper at some times and that's just crazy. I will say this, I played blackjack with my brother where the scantily clad ladies dance. Our dealer was a chick named Missy and she was amazing. Someone give her a raise. She was very talkative and fun. . . Finally - the best part of this hotel is Mon Ami Gabi. I'll write a separate review for that but the service and food are excellent.
Rooms are very blah.  Water pressure stinks.  Wireless internet is $15 per 24 hours.  Really?  For a three-day stay, that's how much I pay for an entire month at home.. . Also, every staff member I ran into was discourteous.  Any concern brought to their attention was an ordeal.. . The people who are suggesting you walk around and leave are correct.  No reason to stay here.  Skip it.
charged for everything. Don't stay in this hotel. They don't have toothbrush. Really? They charged for bottle opener request. You have to call more than 3times for housekeeping. Room service was worst ever!!! I won't never stay in this hotel in my life. Sooooo ridiculous!!!! Paris Sux!!!
Don't bother staying here.  $25 for early check in before 4, 40 more for a red room which is their newly updated room!  $55 for an upper room for VIP which includes breakfast afternoon floors and high floors.  Internet is $15.  If u have more than one computer your charged twice which in an upscale hotel in manhattan you were not charged twice.  You get charged to stay one hour over.  The nichol and diming is overwhelming.  It is smokey in the casino area.  Front staff was not very nice.  They are trained to get you for your ones.  The Internet machine around the corner stole my money because the mouse on their machines don't work!  Needless to stay I will not stay there again and I always stayed there in the past!
Can i give this place zero stars?????  $85.00 for a "Deluxe" Pedicure and it was the worst, quickest, wambam thankyou mam pedicure.  Horrible!!!!!  They won't be getting another dime of my money.  If I could give this place zero stars I would.
My boyfriend and I stated at Paris Las Vegas in the beginning of January this year, and had a great stay, that was unfortunately overshadowed by a mistaken transaction at one of the cafes. Our bill had come to around $40, but I was also charged for a meal totaling $120. I noticed it when I was checking my bank account on the drive out of Vegas. The manager of the cafe was very polite and said that the transaction would be reversed, which it eventually was, but it took nearly a week and a half AFTER we were back from Vegas for thisto happen. It was a very frustrating, and as I said, overshadowed an otherwise great stay.
Analogy for this hotel. Exterior is to fancy as Room is to Ugly.. . This is a really outdated hotel here on the strip.Be aware that this hotel was built in 1999.Since then,they never renovated their level entry rooms,even up to 2014.Really ugly hotel!. I didn't like it because of its cheap furniture.This is one of the cheap European-themed hotels.They didn't have a flat-screen television in 2012(For Cheapest room)they use the huge boxed CRT televisions.EVEN LUXOR(BAD HOTEL)HAS A FLAT SCREEN TELEVISION. Don't stay here unless it's free.STEP UP THIS CRAPPY HOTEL!This hotel is worse than Monte Carlo(Check my review on that).. . *You may be thinking European-themed hotels are "high classed".WELL NOT THIS ONE!!When I entered the hallway to my room,I had a bad impression already because of the ugly decor and cheap furniture.Stay away from this Low-End hotel.UGLY,CHEAP,CRAPPY,LOW ENDED,BAD,HORRIBLE, HORRENDOUS HOTEL!!The cheapness to keep this hotel outdated for 14 years is UNACCEPTABLE!. STAY AWAY FROM THIS "LOW CLASS" RESORT!This is one of the hotels that tries too hard be something fancy.But since you are paying a low price for this Shit,everything is cheap.. . Tip For Hotel Companies:Cheap hotels should NEVER try to be fancy,keep it simple.. . Go to Caesar's Palace,more high classed than this hotel. :)
First with the positves...The cheesesteak & fries from room service are very good, and room service seems to be quite prompt.  Good on ya kitchen & staff. La Village was decent, albeit really busy (30+min wait). I stayed in a Red Room...which I prefer to their suites, which tend to be dated and tacky.  The Red Room was as expected: very comfortable king mattress,  soft linens, 42"-46" flatscreen, and functional love seat and coffee table. The Red Rooms are on the top floors, so it is pretty quiet, minus the housekeeping carts and chatter. I wish I could comment on the gambling, but I took my action elsewhere because they kept screwing the pooch at every opportunity...please see below.. . Now with the other 95% of my stay...the staff don't listen nor care. "Do Not Disturb" signs are meaningless to the housekeeping staff, as they'll bang on your door at various hours of the day and night even if you have a DND sign hung. If they can't reach you after banging on your door they call you room. I asked if they saw the DND sign, and they said yes... but it is company policy to call. I had a migraine the size of China, and they weren't helping.. . A little while later I called down to the front desk and asked the manager (Eric) to please put a note on my account that I do not want to be disturbed, for any reason. He said he would "take care of it," but housekeeping banged on my door and then called me again the next day. Today I decided to be proactive so I called to schedule housekeeping and make sure there was a note on my account saying "DND". They said yes...we will not call. Guess who got a phone call about 3 hours later, while dead asleep....?  I explained again that I did not want to be disturbed as I had a migraine and I just needed some peace and quiet.  That has to be the end, right? Less than 5 minutes later there is a BANGING on my door. I stumble out of bed and it is a guy cleaning my door. I point to the sign and he said, "yes sir, yes sir. I am just cleaning your door." BANG BANG BANG the door rebounds off of the door jam. I stopped him and asked him to leave. "I am just cleaning your door." BANG BANG BANG. I wish I was making this up. He just kept going, mumbling something I couldn't understand.. . There was no hope of getting back to sleep, so migraine and all I walk down to the front desk to speak with the manager (Eric), again.  I waited 15 minutes for him to get there, and I swear it seems to get brighter and louder as each minute ticks by. He finally appears with a, "What can I do for you sir?" fake smile. He remembered me from the prior day, and he said that he made a note on the account, so he didn't know why I kept getting bothered. He said he would "get this fixed." again. He reassured me that he left a note, so if they didn't do it, he did not know why. He channeled his best Don Quixote and said he would "get to the bottom of this", and he asked for my phone # so he could triumphantly tell me how he would save the day. I left my cell phone # and he said he'd call me back after talking to the head of housekeeping.. . Fifteen minutes later I get a call, but Don Quixote was not triumphant and the windmill still stood; color me shocked. Even he couldn't claim victory, so he started listing reasons why he couldn't slay the housekeeping dragon. The list included: "I tried to reach the Head of Housekeeping, but (s)he is at the other property, so I don't know what happened."  "It is a different cleaning group, so they didn't know." "It is company policy to call the room if the guest cannot be reached about house cleaning."  And on and on and on and on. . . I don't want excuses. I want you to fix it. I want you to be sincere. I want to try and enjoy what time I have left here. I do not want to hear what you would have done if the Head of Housekeeping was here. He finally said he was sorry about the hassle (carefully not accepting any blame himself, even though he failed to fix the problem the first time or the second time). As his grand gesture he offered a $100 dining credit.   Ruin my weekend for a $100 credit. I cannot leave here fast enough. Keep fighting windmill guys, as it is obvious you have no clue how to provide actual service right the first time. I am going to go to a real hotel like The Cosmo, Wynn, Etc.
Terrible service. Management is terrible to say the least. We got to our room and it was 80 degrees. A maintenance gentleman came to our room and had to make some repairs. We explained the situation to Darrin (front desk manager) and he refused to comp the night even though we slept in 80+ degree weather! Little does he know we review hotel rooms for a living...the BAR will definitely be hearing about this as well as his boss, Gary Austin. Don't stay here!
So I wish I had a good response for this hotel but unfortunately I don't. Our room was spectacular but the service is absolutely just horrible with any type of hospitality what so ever. I would prefer not to go into Great detail but all in all they had several opportunities to make our stay redeemable but there was no chance of that ever happening. I would definitely pay extra money to stay in the Wynn because I hear they actually provide service there...  Even though I did pay a good amount of money to stay at Paris. So if you're looking for good service please stay away from this hotel.... So I really didn't even want to give them a star but in order for me to share my opinion I have to do something...
Authentically poor French customer service.  Stood in line over an hour to check in.  $20 per day mandatory resort fee, not disclosed when we made reservation.  Casino smokey.  $16 per day wi-fi, and no 3G.  TV in room all advertisements, only about 8 actual channels.  No coffee maker in room, had to stand in line 45 minutes to get a weak and overpriced cup of coffee in the morning.  Room hot and stuffy, thermostat on wall was apparently just a decoration.  Pool overly crowded and inadequately heated, not enough chairs for all the guests.  Kitschy decor.  They just put "le" in front of everything ("Le Pizza", "Le Registration", "Le Casino") and expect that to make you feel like you're in Paris.
Not impressed at all.... Paris wasn't a horrible stay, but they gave me a bad impression right from the start. We were staying at the Luxor for two nights and Paris for one night. . . So we head over to Paris to check-in and right off the bat we get an "early check-in" fee. They charged $15 to check-in at 2pm versus 3pm. Come on!! Don't they want returning customers? Sorry I don't mean to sound like a cheap ass but when hotels try to squeeze every extra penny out of my pocket, it really ticks me off. . . Also, I get it is supposed to be a french hotel and there is a very obvious french theme throughout the hotel, but I have one piece of advise. GET A STARBUCKS!! Your crappy coffee shop sucks!! Starbucks can run circles around your knock off, and very sloooowwww, coffee shop! I was the only person in line, waited 10 minutes, and didn't even get to order anything. . . I will probably never stay here again. Paris is way too overpriced for the level of service and amenities I received.
Unimpressed!  We stayed at Paris for a wedding and they put our family in a room facing the Cosmopolitan where every Friday and Saturday night they have a band on their pool deck with a loud, throbbing beat until at least midnight.  Come on!  They knew we had kids and when I called to get the room switched, they did it, but they said they can't control what the hotel across the way does.  Of course not, but you CAN let your customers know in case they want to get sleep in their room.  The next night we got to listen to raucous sex for about 45 minutes.  That made for a great conversation with our preteens. The walls are way too thin.  Yes, I know, we took our kids to Vegas...but one would think we'd at least be able to relax in our room.  And I agree with everyone who said check in took WAY too long....and, frankly, the rooms were not very nice for the price.  . . There are a lot of options in Vegas.  I'd recommend anywhere but Paris.
I was very hesitant at the start to make reservations here, the last time I wondered through this property it was quit honestly a dump and I was propositioned by a hooker at Mon Ami's. But family members coming from the mid-west saw the remodeled rooms on line and had already booked their reservations. It would be nice to stay at the same property.. . Right from the start I regretted staying here. We booked our reservations a month in advance and arrived two hours early prior to the time we were told the room would be ready.  Instead of a King Red Room, Non Smoking they attempted to book us into a SMOKING, Double Queen at a lower level room.. . I argued with the front desk and then someone that claimed to be the manager.  I would have left but the wife wanted to stay with family. The front desk also refused to help making additional reservations at partner property Caesars or allow an upgrade.. . Remarkably during the remainder of the booking /tirade a room became available. I don't know how you would feel about it. But I'm used to staying at Caesars or the Bellagio they have a remarkable customer service and that's were I do most of my Gaming. I can do without the drama and I hate the attitude of "Here it is take it or leave it". . . The room: Okay nothing special, I would rather pay a little more and get a nicer room at a better property.. Room over looked the parking garage.. Holes in some of the doors and torn wallpaper. . Someone vomited inside the elevator. . The only decent wine is served in the restaurant. . 1 hour wait for room service.. 1 hour wait for Valet to get your car . . You want to stay at Paris....you can have my room.
the hotel is lovely but the check-in is a nightmare.  it took over an hour just to be assigned to our rooms.  would not recommend it to anyone.
They block cell signal, unless you pay a premium charge, there is no coffee maker in the room.  They said to walk to Bally's to get coffee!  You pay extra for wi fi in the room.  What a loser hotel.  Rooms are small.   They exist for the convention trade only.  Seriously don't waste your money to stay here.  There are cheap hotels that at least give you coffee and don't block cell service.
Worst place I've ever stayed on the strip. Rooms were mundane and the walls were as thin as cardboard. But hey, got to listen to the neighbor's  radio for free well past midnight. Their restaurant did capture the French spirit. Service was super slow and snooty as a Frenchman! I won't ever stay here again, and would recommend all my friends to find a much better place to stay.
I just spent a weekend here at the Paris hotel and casino. I've stayed here in Las Vegas before in many different hotels and this is by far the WORST one. I mean I am talking about absolutely horrible service. The staff here is extremely rude with no customer service skills. I had called down stairs at 2 am to have a remote control delivered up to my room because it was missing one. The housekeeping staff failed to deliver one, instead, they decided to barge into my room at 6:00 AM TO GIVE ME MY REMOTE. WHAT THE ****! My mother & her friend were also staying here on the same floor a door down. Housekeeping had managed to clean my room but had not cleaned my mothers room for a full day. When my mother called down stairs for some service the housekeeping maids arrived at their room with complete attitude asking what they wanted done. FOR STARTERS... THE WHOLE ROOM WHAT ELSE?! Ridiculous! . IT GETS WORSE! . ONE hour later.. five security guards come knocking at my mothers friends room and demand her to leave instantly, because the maid reported that she had thrown something at her. CRAZY!!! After completely badgering my mothers friend.. She packed up her belongings and was forced to leave at 1 am in the morning. She was banned from the hotel. She was not even allowed to explain to the security department that NOTHING like that happened and the maid was probably only pissed off because they had complained to the house keeping department. My mother and her friend then left and stayed at a different hotel for the night. Worst hotel, horrible service, and rude employees. NEVER STAY HERE EVER.
This was a great hotel couple years ago, now is the redneck paradise.. . Hanging banners from all the walls of the pool "5 cheap beers for 34 dollars", a classy detail from the Paris management. . . Beer bottles floating on the pool.. . Rooms are dirty, old and furniture destroyed.. . . Before you book here, do some research, some weekends are crazy expensive without any reason.
We stayed at this hotel last July 19 for 3 days. We called the front desk if we get billed if we  use the wifi and  the lady said "NO". To my surprise, when we checked out they billed me for the use of wifi for 2 days. The signal sucks that u could not even get good connection. I complained but my complains fell on deaf ears. I'm not going to check in to this hotel AGAIN!
The worst hotel on the strip unless you enjoy poor service, an extremely slow check Ballys gaming company, who operates the hotel.. It took 48 minutes to check in. . . I would stay at an MGM or WYNN property before ever staying here. . . I have a laundry list of issues from starting up the iron to iron my clothes and it not working. 45 minutes later getting a replacement to getting water from the hall way vending machine for $3.00 and it not dispensing water. I called the front desk and they state, sorry, we can't help you. . . Worst hotel on the strip bar none.
I stayed at the Paris hotel August 2013. The hotel has gone down hill fast. Poor customer service, a 20 resort fee per day at check in. The employees are rude. Stay away.
Woke up at 4am by next door people talking and we could also hear the music from the nightclub. Very noisy hotel.. They charge you for wifi-access ! You are allowed only one device and have to connect only from the room otherwise they charge.. (around 25 per device per 24h)... Of course they don't tell you that!. Lots of same price range hotels to stay in LV so I will pick another one next time
They have the worst costumer service ever, the manager is so rude. They tell you one thing and lie to you and they charge your credit card extra without informing you . I don't recommend this hotel.
We showed up at 8:30PM. They sold the room we had prepaid for (king/non-smoking) so they said we could have a a double or we could pay $40 extra to upgrade to a king in a bigger room. So, if we wanted to sleep in the same bed, we had to pay $40 extra rather than them upgrading it for free since they sold our room....that we prepaid for. The upgrade was supposed to be a great view of the Bellagio and Eiffle tower. We got an awesome view of the parking lot. Then, the "resort fee" of $20 a day that gets tacked on to the total....it includes one visit to the workout room per day for two people and wireless connection for only ONE device. What?!? Then, we get to our room after dinned, turn on the TV, and it's broken. All we get us CNN. That's it. I called the front desk to talk to someone about it this morning and, while I'm explaining all of this to her, I get, "So, what is your point?" Seriously?!?!! That is customer service at Paris Paris. We will never be back. Ever.
While this is a pretty hotel, it suffers from a lack of customer service. In fact, the lack of customer care has infected every inch of the hotel.  . . The housekeeping department services requests for extra bedding items within a brisk 45 minutes to one hour? Although they promise within 20 minutes.. . The casino mentality is to cater to only the top 1 percent player. Mediocre players, those not at the 7 star level, need not apply. .  . Why when your only regular cashier window is occupied by a credit transaction, what do you do, yes open more 7 star only cashiers and let us stand  for an extra 20 minutes just to cash in chips.  .  . Valet parking follows the same principal, 7 stars get cars and regular folk sit for at least 30 minutes, in the heat, waiting for their cars.. . Here is a great idea, patronize those places that provide great service to everyone and leave Paris with only the 7 Star clients and let them see how long they will be around .  I would give them a 0 star but no such rating exists
Very poor customer service by the front desk manager Jaelee Carlton. If you ever receive any good service that mean you are lucky, or she is not the person in charge at that time.  She even call the security , because she can't handle my complaint , beware of her, she don't even care what I need, she don't want to listen , thank Jaelee  Carlton for ruining my birthday , the room did not clean after I told the room attendant 2 times around 12:00 pm and one time call the housekeeping department around 5:35 pm finally the fourth time I call around 12:00 am , the room attendant finally came to clean the room, but I don't think the Jaelee Carlton she care , I ask where can I go while the lady clean my room ? She said she don't know . She don't sincere to think from my position, why did she care ? She will still get the same pay do what she is doing , she don't even want put extra effort to provide good customer service . I ask her what do you want me to say ? She said she don't know , she said I am the one ask her out from the office and want to speak to her.  From my experience I would like her to apologize to me first , when she first see me after she heard my situation from the front desk clerk , maybe this is just my person opinion , that's why I would like to post this experience on this website to get others opinion on this
My party of 4 had an unfortunate incident at the restaurant here. Went for breakfast but was told at the hostess stand that there is a dress code for men, no sleeveless shirts! My friend had a very nice sleeveless shirt on, so they offered him a free T-shirt to wear while dining. It was a 3XL wrinkled shirt. He wears size Medium. Ridiculous !! So we left -- and by the way, dress code DOES NOT apply to women!! DISCRIMINATION !!!!!!
I am sitting in my hotel room as I write this. My husband and I have been coming to Vegas every year for over 30 years. We try to stay at a different hotel every time. This hotel is well past it's prime. The decor is faded and old. It needs a serious freshening up. They nickel and dime for everything. Extra $$ for early check-in or check-out, and a full day's charge if you are a few minutes late at check-out. It took 55 minutes to check in. The walls are like cardboard. I can hear my neighbors talking and every door that opens and closes in the hallway. The sign at the elevator says "non smoking floor." Boy is that a lie. Our room stinks! the hallway stinks! . The only good experience I've had is the $750 I won at the poker machines. They won't begetting it back! I will gamble somewhere else.
Hmmm....don't even know where to start from...Me and my husband decided to stay in this hotel for our 2 year wedding anniversary. Huge mistake.. As soon as we entered our room, the strong smell ( like cat's urine...no joke) hit us. I turned on the AC and we left our room, 7 hours later we came back. Same strong smell.. I could figure out what  was it, because the room was pretty clean. . Later I was preparing to go to bed to sleep. I pulled out the duvet and stepped behind the bed next to the wall, and the carpet was all wet. Wow. That's why there was that smell. I don't even know what it was. Probably a sink water leakage behind the wall.. Nasty. . I made a reservation 3 month prior for a standard room with a king size bed and we got a room with 2 queens. Seriously?  The beds were awful. Mattresses and pillows were extra firm. . You don't deserve to be called "Paris"
If the show extreme makeover hotel edition is looking for a project, the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas should be the pilot episode.  We stayed only one night last week because it was beyond gross.  Here is a short list of the problems that must be addressed:. . Huge stain in carpet near our bed. Molded grout in the bathroom. Faint lipstick stain on drinking glasses in the bathroom. Cigarette burn in the sheets . . If our client had not paid for our room in advance, we would have checked out and stayed somewhere else for the single night.  . . Do.  Not.  Expect.  To. Be. Impressed.
Apparently the policy here is "I can't serve you water unless you buy a drink". Greedy ASS Mother Fuckers!
My experience with the "customer support" team was so terrible while booking my reservation that I went ahead and cancelled, so I can't speak to the quality of the rooms, but if they're anything as terrible as their offshore call center I imagine they're pretty bad.. . This place isn't worth a lengthy description, here are some bullet points of why we cancelled:. . 1. They have a $20 dollar resort fee. 2. Check-in is at 4:00PM. 3. Checking in earlier than 4:00PM requires paying a fee. 4. Booking a reservation requires being transferred no less than 2 times. 5. Changing a reservation requires being transferred no less than 3 times. 6. Whatever price they quote you over the phone is wrong, once you get your actual confirmation email the price will have jumped (even beyond the resort fee). . Hotels like this should come with a warning label.
I wouldn't go to this hotel. I went to Las Vegas many many times. Check out my pictures! I go to the best and worst hotels! This hotel is 2 thumbs down!
If I could give fewer stars I would.This is hands down the worst hotel in every possible way.  The rooms are disgusting and the management is terrible.  The hotel is run down and has no customer service.  We checked in on the 22nd of December.  Upon entering the room, I was immediately turned off.  The carpet was old, torn and has rust stains.  The bathroom cabinet had peeling paint and was dirty.  The bathtub had a screw sticking out of it that could have been a safety issue had I allowed my child to go anywhere near the tub (I didn't notice that until the morning).  We arrived late, ran out to dinner and show and came back to the room to sleep.  The beds and pillows are awful.  We described them as low rent motel quality.  That night the television was pixellating and we couldn't even wind down to tv.  The next morning I called the front desk to let them know that I was going to move hotels.  It wasn't until I went down there and spoke with Leslie (a manager) that they told me they were going to take that room out of circulation and upgrade us into another room.  The upgrade was also not wonderful.  The beds were slightly better, the pillows still sucked.  On the morning of the 24th, I noticed that the air vent in this new 'upgraded' room was fully clogged (that explained my sneezing and respiratory issues almost immediately upon checking into the room.  I spoke with manager M. Eric Holmes, who told me he would send maintenance up to fix the issue.  Housekeeping came hours later and stated she couldn't do anything to fix it and she would send maintenance.  When we returned from dinner that night it had still not been taken care of.  The manager was rude, arrogant and exacerbated an already tense situation with his complete and utter lack of professionalism.  We ended up leaving the hotel and checked into a much nicer property.  Trust me when I tell you that Motel 6 would be a step up.  In addition,  we had Christmas Eve dinner at the pricey Eiffel Tower restaurant which had the audacity to charge $46 for a piece of fish (a la carte) and then serve it cold. Never, ever, ever will I stay or recommend this property to anyone.  Not fit for a dog, but please don't take my word for it, judge for yourself by the photos below.
