With the mix of good and bad reviews I thought that we should give this place the benefit of the doubt as it is very visually appealing. I was totally wrong - it really is that bad. The decor and service were all fine but the food was terrible and a real struggle to finish (I hate leaving food). The Queso Fundido was the last dish to arrive; fortunately it was a minuscule portion as it was so rubbery and unappetizing. One to avoid.
Let Down. . . The concept is basically glorifying street food from China and Mexico, and by glorifying I mean marking the price up 200% and decreasing the size portions to basically nibbles.  The funny thing is, the whole concept behind street food is that it is really good and really cheap and you don't have to pay $4 for a taco the size of your pinky for it to be delicious. This place turns that truth on its head by doing exactly the opposite -- charging you a ton of money for mediocre "tastes" of food. I couldn't help but feel like the owners of this place are bleeding the patrons white, that is the bottom line people.  . . For the price of food and all the press I was expecting this place to be upscale.  It's not that either. Avoid at all costs.  . . **This review is based upon trying the following:. --pomegranate margarita (didn't like at all, too tart). --When Pigs Fly. --Dan dan noodles. --Lengua tacos. --Pork belly tacos with pineapple. --Carnitas. . Can you believe all of this was $100+? Avoid. . . **Disclosure: I am a big Jose Andres fan, live in DC, and eat at all his restaurants.
Biggest let down since "Yes We Can."  Not good when you leave depressed and with an empty wallet.  J.A. shouldn't get a pass for this. Low light: cheap tasting $12 margarita
The people working there are REALLY nice! but the food sucks, We got the monk..something, don't be jealous, the mongolian beef. . . The mongolian beef with lettuce looked like dog food, actually dog food looks better.. a few pieces of diced beef (the size of half a penny) thrown on lettuce. Bland and overpriced.. . My friend didn't finish her monk noodle soup. Bland and overpriced.. . The hot and sour soup is GOOD.
Over priced food for less than sufficient portions.. ex: $12 for 6 small pieces of "shu mai" dumplings.  I can do without the gold flakes and just pay at most $3 for it.. . I like salty food, but the chinese food here is way too salty.  . . Also, what's up with the names of the asian dishes?  Each dish name sounds like a Kung Fu movie...With these names, you have to sit there and read the entire description of the dish before you know what you're ordering.  For example...they had a dish called "swallow a cloud," um...why can't you just call it wonton noodle or something similar to the dish so it's easier to recognize.  I understand it may "fun" names...but it's not run having to sit there and read every single dish.
This place blows just go to Chinatown or tacos y Mexico saw people sit down look ay the menu and leave. Our server seem to busy at times for him to care. This joint is hella Faillllllllllllllll
My boyfriend and I stumbled in here after getting lost in the maze of the Cosmopolitan hotel and finding out that it was 10pm and not many places were open (surprising since this is Vegas).  It looked promising.  We were expecting a little fancy schmancy for the meal, price-wise and portion-wise, but we were in for a shock.  Extremely pricey for extrememely small protion sizes.  I understand the whole tapas concept, but these tapas were barely enough for one person to share with himself, let alone TWO whole people.  We ordered the scallop ceviche, which unbeknownst to us, was deconstructed.  I believe it was a $16 plate consisting of 4 parboiled baby scallops, like a large bay scallop (think: size of a little bouncy ball you get in a quarter machine), each sitting on a half key lime, sprinkled with what looked like paprika on top.  It tasted like a parboiled scallop sitting on top of a dry lime, sprinkled with something flavorless on top.  I cringed as I ate each scallop, thinking this was SOOO not worth $4, even for Vegas, ESPECIALLY for Vegas.  Next came carnitas tacos.  2 tiny street size tacos, which i will admit were very tasty, but again, very tiny, not filling at all.  At this point we were dying.  Then came the pork siu mai to save the day.  I believe these were one of the cheaper menu items, but it had twice as much food as our first 3 plates combined.  They were really tasty too, I could tell they were hand made.  These little dumplings were our saviors, at least we could leave feeling like we ate something and not pass out from starvation on our way out the door.  I expected a little more food, flavor, and decor to make up for the bill we were presented with.   That said, I won't be coming back,  and I wish I never came.
For Vegas, prices aren't horrible BUT the portions are small almost ridiculously small. Don't come hungry! Food is ok at best and 21% service charge included in the price is nuts
I am not the type to leave a bad review but what I experienced today at lunch is simply... unacceptable.. First let me say that I am a big fan of Jose Andres. I ate at Bazaar and Jaleo multiple times and love it.. so I decided to stop by China Poblano for lunch today.. I sat at the bar and my waitress was very friendly. I had the agua Fresca based on her recommendation and it was delicious. I also tried the Lemon Drop and it was very nice. I quickly ordered a Gazpacho and the quail... And it went downhill from there.. Let me first say that the place was NOT busy at all... . It took at least 25 mn to get the gazpacho. My waitress apologized and I told her that it was not a big deal and things happen. Now, call me difficult but if the first course took much longer than expected, you would think that they would make sure that the next course doesnt? Wrong.. Bottom line is, I placed my order at 11:45am.. I received my second course at 12:25pm. During the whole time, no manager approached me nothing, I finally lost patience and asked one of the waitstaff to check on it. He did but came back behind the bar without saying a word to me... So I asked him again and without looking at me said " it is going to be a few more minutes... ". I pointed out to him that the couple next to me came later , ate and was already gone. The brought me chips and salsa. . And the quail? Well, no one really checked on me to see if I was happy with it.. some of it was raw. For most part the dish was pretty boring. A piece of dragon fruit in the middle and 4 small pieces of fried quail. Big deal. Obviously I am upset. I think that they missed the mark as to how to handle guest complains. I quickly asked for the check, paid and left. Won't be back. I was planning on ordering more food but the attitude from the guy behind the bar really pissed me off so I went to Comme Ca on the third level and finished my lunch and it was great...
What a waste of money. The portions are so small. I understand it's supposed to be like tapas, but $8.88 for a pork sandwich the circumference of a tennis ball? Really?? I wasn't impressed by this place. We ordered a few dishes per person and weren't really happy with any of them. Also it took them half an hour to fill our waters. . . The only plus was the nice GM that came by to check on us. . . Just head to Spring Mountain and eat something legit and delish forthe same price of one of these dishes AND be full.
4 eggrolls, thick as a chap stick and twice as long = $12. Plate of romaine lettuce w/ 4 oz of beef = $12. the food here is overpriced.  the food itself is pretty bland.  we tried 3 types of noodles, eggrolls, fried rice, "mongolian beef", tacos.  the "best" was the fried rice, but fried rice is hard to mess up.  the tacos i tried were oversauced and a little undercooked.  i would honestly eat at panda express or del taco before i eat at this place again.
THIS PLACE WAS A MAJOR LET DOWN!!! Over priced flavorless Dim Sum( and I've had some shitty Dim Sum in my life) The portions were very pricey and minuscule. I could tell the server knew I didn't like my food and then she proceeded to avoid my table out of fear I guess. Either way don't go here unless you don't mind wasting time and taste buds.
It hurts to write this review because I have been to Jose Andres' restaurants in Washington DC and I have absolutely loved them and had great experiences with his food. . However, China Poblano was absolutely terrible. My husband and I tried items from the Mexican AND the Chinese menu and while the Mexican was slightly better, everything we tried was awful. Everything on the menu is tapas sized, so you are expected to order 3-4 items per person. Luckily we decided to start slow..We had a number of different tacos (lobster, fried fish and mushroom) and all were greasy and tasteless. The guacamole and chips (which was $15!!) was ok. LIttle did we know that it would be the only truly edible thing we ordered! We then decided to try some Chinese items and got some traditional shu mail dumplings and mongolian beef stir fry. The dumplings had a bizarre raw pork flavor to them that was so disgusting that I actually couldnt even swallow the dumpling and the mongolian beef stir fry was completely bizarre... tiny little chunks of grisly beef stir fried with pieces of romaine lettuce?! And then the icing on the cake was the bill.. I know this is Las Vegas and I certainly wasnt expecting a budget dinner, but since we ordered very little food (4 tacos, an order of guac, the dumplings and the beef) and only ordered two agua frescas and no alcohol I was absolutely FLOORED when I saw that the bill was over $100! . . Definitely skip China Poblano-- if you want to try Jose Andres' fabulous food-- go to Washington DC... because you certainly won't find it here at China Poblano!
Are you kidding me? . . $30 for chips, guacamole, and shrimp won tons that I can make myself.. . The concept is cool...to have a place with Mexican/Chinese fusion but, I can go to Carnival buffet for that.. . NEXT!
Go check out Jaleo instead!  The food was terrible, and not really a mix of the 2 cultures, but rather, just serving individual Chinese and Mexican dishes.  The service was not very attentive and very slow.  Won't find me there again.
The concept seemed interesting, but than again, so do most gimmicks. This is the absolute worst eatery I set foot in, during 15  years of Vegas trips, and having been to most  Strip restaurants. . Decor is awful, a drunken child could have done better. And the monitor display, with the picture of Mao just brings this place closer to a vomitorium than an eatery (cannot and will not call this a restaurant).. Service, I have not eaten at Denies in about 20 years, but I remember better service there. You wonder if the staff knows what a crappy place you are stepping into and feel nothing but contempt for your stupidity.. Food - well, that is ultimately the true disappointment. Never mind the unusual selection which  seems to be either done for shock value or lack of inspiration, a least get the damned things to taste good. Lamb pot stickers, so overpowered with herbs and cumin, that the meat could have been rat and you would not know it (...on a second thought, maybe...nah, they wouldn't do that. Wood they?). Pork belly taco...wow, just a piece of fat smothered in sauce. Barbacoa and Carnitas were, at least eatable. . The hand made, fresh tortillas are good. So what you get is lousy crap wrapped in a good package, an you pay dearly.. If this lousy, overpriced joint would be anywhere other than the Strip, it would be out of business in a month. No return visit for me and I'll make sure none of my Vegas visiting friends get scammed here.
I won't be back.  That is right....I WON'T BE BACK!  . . This was my second time trying this place as my first experience I loved.  Our food was outstanding.  However this second time around in 3 weeks just ruined it for me.  Food.....Yeah...still awesome.  However the problem was our server.  Nicole!  YOU SUCK!  . . First our drinks came out AFTER 2 of our party of 4 received food.   Come on.  You couldn't even get a beer out to our table before a huge bowl of noodles?   The other part of this experience was that Nicole never apologized.   She actually never even asked to see what was going on.  2 members of our party only got their food after all of our other food came out and she didn't know.  We had to ask her again where the food was.   . . Now here is what really ruined my night.  Management.   Tall Asian manager.  You too Suck!   You are in SERVICE.  When your product is not up to standards, treat me better then how you would treat me if service was good.   When I had to get out of my chair and walk over to the other side of the restaurant to tell you I am not paying for this food; that isn't service.  Also, when you agree that the drinks never made it to the table, comp them and take them off my bill.  I had to ask you to do so and you still wouldn't.   Up yours man!    . . Avoid this place at all costs.   Save your self a headache and go next door to Holsteins.  It is a much better spot to eat.
RIP OFF! . . Small over priced portions... I ordered 'Swallow a Cloud,' hoping it would be a gift from the heavens. How can you go wrong with won ton min?. . I don't even want to write anymore, just save yourself and eat somewhere else. Unless you like going hungry.
Such a disappointing place!  While I lived in DC several years ago, I visited many of his restaurants there and they were all amazing.  I was so hopeful for China Poblano...but oh no, what happened?  The service was not good and the food was terrible and ridiculously overpriced.  The Sprite I ordered was $5 and the Coke was $5.88...nowhere on the menu does it reveal these crazy prices!  But, back to the food...the vegetable fried rice had no taste whatsoever and the ocean's nest barely had any seafood in it...just a lot of large vegetables!  There are so many other great choices in Vegas and I am so disappointed we spent $80 here...ouch!
First of all the prices are way too high, I ordered the Chinese taco, the oyster used on it (one only) was either canned, or long past due. The rest was greasy and odd tasting.. . The potatoes with mole where French fries with sweet mole.. . And the lamb potstickers were still raw in the middle, the cumin doily they cooked with it knocked out ANY lamb flavor. . . What a shame, the concept was good, the execution crappy.
i do not understand this place. came with a couple girlfriends because we were STARVING after partying at marquee dayclub and this is the closest place haha. . i thought all food tasted good when you were hungry but china poblano proved me wrong.... . we ordered a lot of food and everything tasted really bland. the portions were really small and all the dishes were totally overpriced. . . so many other places to eat in the cosmopolitan. SKIP this place
Where do I begin?  Went to china poblano at the suggestion of the hotel concierge.  He must have been on the payroll.  Ordered several items from the menu and I must say the chef needs to rethink His/Her selections.
The wait was the shortest here, so wedecided to dine here.. It's an interesting concept but not worth the money.  I would've much rather waited a bit longer to eat at the burger joint next door.. . Our party ordered a variety of the mexican and chinese dishes.  Neither were on par to what we're use to back home (Orange County)
The first time I went here, I had 2 tacos and thought they were delicious. . The second time I went here, I had the wonton soup and 2 tacos and thought dog doo would taste better.. . I thought about why the difference in opinions from both experiences and finally figured it out.  The first time someone paid for it, and the second time I paid for it!. . The second time, I spent $18 on the wonton soup, and $9 on 2 tacos (street taco size).  Nothing gourmet about this crap at all other than the fancy name "By Jose Andres" attached to it.  I later asked for a coke and the server happily gave me one, and asked for $6.50.  $6.50 for a coke...really?. . I forgot i was eating at a Jose Andres establishment.  Next time I'll just take my money and throw it on the floor, spit on it, and walk away.  Probably more satisfaction from that then eating here.
Absolutely HORRID. Words can't express how appalled I am about our food experience at this restaurant. . . Portions are laughable and food is the worst I have ever had. . . The Dan Dan Mien noodles ($12) were thrown into a big plastic tub containing 90% air and 10% food. It came out to the equivalent of 5 noodle strands, mixed in with a few pieces of meet, vegetables, and put into a big container to give the illusion of generous portions. The Langosta Tacos ($10) and Carnitas Tacos ($4.50) were the size of my index finger - no joke. . . Rarely do I ever order food and feel so jipped-off and demoralized. . . Aside from the highway-robbery prices, ridiculous portions and nasty food, the worst part was perhaps that the waitress recommended these items to us. . . *** China Poblano and the ownership/management, and even Cosmopolitan should be really ashamed of themselves. My experience was nothing short of criminal and I will NEVER go back. ***
Yuck! We ordered alot of food, and didn't like much of it. . I love Chinese food. I love Mexican food. So, you would think Chinese-Mexican fusion would be the prefect place for me, but NOPE. . The service was ok, but the food was gross to me. Not to mention extremely small portions.
One might expect a restaurant in a wonderful hotel like the cosmopolitan would be spectacular - not in this case. . . My girlfriend and I ordered what seemed to be like safe dishes to eat, we shared the soup Swallow a Cloud and ordered 2 tacos for myself and 1 for her. First of all, the soup smelled and tasted like feet. Very unappetizing. The tacos, which take only 2 bites to finish, we're nothing special at all. My girlfriend was very unhappy and ended up getting a Pinks taco across the street. . . Prices are REDICULOUS for what they serve. Cosmopolitan should be ashamed to host this restaurant.
Stay away. Great concept and design but food is horrible. The chips and salsa no good. Dim sum not so good. Tacos weren't the greatest. This place has lots of room for improvement. Heck they even ran out of Juice. The water had a facet flavor.
Yuk. I wouldn't have chosen to eat here on a regular day, but considering this was the only restaurant in the cosmo that didn't have a $150 prixe fixe menu on NYE (who wants to stuff their face with $150 worth of food before dancing their ass off on NYE???) I had no choice. I made a reservation onopentable. A few days later they called me to take a credit card down since we had a party of more than 8, fine. A few days after that I randomly noticed that they dropped my reservation to 5:30?! If I had not noticed that we would've lost our space... wtf. Thankfully after I called, they were able to change it. . . They also had a set menu which was all shell fish and pork and had NO substitute options. Two of my guests couldn't even eat half the food. One of my friends who is allergic to shrimp, accidentally ate some and they didn't have benedryl on hand... that should be standard for a restaurant. I asked for them to comp her meal and they kindly agreed to do it, but after we paid I noticed that they charged for the makeshift substitutes they served... wow thanks for nothing! . . Last but definitely least, was the food. What a gross compilation of food. The worst was the vomit pepper... literally looked like a green pepper with baby vomit on it and it didn't taste much different. . . Nope nope nope...
Overpriced food .. Rude server.. Low quality food.. . I think they get away with the fact that people visiting Vegas are not repeat customers. So they act rude and don't really care.   Dont waste your money.. . The waiter actually ruined our night ... we were having a great time and he just acted rudely and at the end charged us 20% forced gratuity on top of that for his rude behavior.
I can describe the service in one short word " horrible" our waiter was beyond rude. Honestly I am not even sure how in the world he is working there. . . The sad part is the manager saw the whole thing and didn't do anything about it. . Food, I can't believe I had to pay for something that we didn't even eat. it was very bad. . . We were so sorry to waste a meal there where there are so many amazing restaurants in Las Vegas. . . BIG MISTAKE - Stay AWAY!
Just received a private message from a fake account with a racist undertone attached to my review at China Poblano.  Probably from someone who works there or is a manager...only a person like that would take the time to create a fake account, and send me a private message to insult me on my review.. . Good to know what kind of people work there.  Just reinforces and validates what I thought about this place.  . . Too bad I can't give this dump 0 stars.  Cosmo can do way better
Very disappointing.. . Thought we'd get good meal but rather the food was small and overpriced. Chinese food has funny flavor and Mexican tacos ($5 each) are so small you'd have to get 5 of them to get proper meal. We also ordered fried rice ($19 per dish) which was full of oil from frying pan. We complained and the disk was replaced. Tiny Margarita for $17 - think twice before you enter or get you wallet ready.
I went with high expectations and was very disappointed. First off the concept is weird. Chinese and Mexican don't really go well together. We got a guacamole and vegetable fried rice for the table. The guac was good but the vegetable fried rice was just lame. The veggie fried rice at my local Chinese food restaurant is 10x better (and 10x less expensive!). I also got the fishtacos at $6.95 per taco which were very unspectacular and kind of soggy. All in all came out to $160 for 3 people (one guy was still hungry) without drinks. Would definitely not recommend.
OK, for a bowl of veggie rice, an order of chilled noodles,(1) taco, and an order of stuffed dumplings,a non refillable can of diet coke and , small cup of cantaloupe juice .I paid a whopping 91.50. The portions sizes were very upsetting,(infact I cried a little before leaving) the dumplings tasted similar to play-doh (don't judge me) play-doh being the Victor in the taste comparison. The taco was the size of a Japanese hornet small when compared to an average tacos. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.I will never be returning.maybe just to yell through the window "you suck!"I would rather eat Vegas desert  dirt.
so i was walking through the cosmo with a big group and we decided to stop for lunch at this place. it looked nice but nothing special. i ordered the lettuce wraps and lamb potstickers to share with someone. the portion size was EXTREMELY small. i could have ate it all by myself instead of sharing and still not been full! the food was okay. i probably wouldnt remember the meal at all except for the fact that it was so expensive and i walked away hungry! i payed $4 dollars for a small thing of chips and salsa (isnt that usually free?!) and for the two plates i ordered (potstickers and lettuce wraps), 1 non refillable cup of juice and a can of sprite and two SMALL tacos (2 or 3 bites) the bill came out to a wopping $78!!! i couldnt believe it! the ambianceof the  place was very cool but i would NEVER recommend this place to someone unless they have LOTS of money!
Very small portions . Very high prices. Not worth it!
I went to China Poblano with my family at 10:00 pm on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly. Our waiter was terrible. He didn't explain the menu and was not helpful at all. Most of the plates can be shared, but we didn't know how to go about ordering. We all agreed that the experience could have been a lot better had we had a waiter who was helpful, happy to explain the menu, and had a personality. If I would have caught his name, I would have definitely called management.  The food was so so.  Definitely not worth the prices.
I havent yelped in a while and my next yelp will be. . http://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-sierra-universal-city. . Cafe Sierra for the Lobster Buffet. . This place is pretty bad in which I have to share my experience to save others from trying it. . . Back to this review, it's finals week, Im procrastinating and I wonder to myself. LA Food and Prices spoils me. San Diego forces me into this misconception of what prices should be as everything is 1-3 more dollars expensive in San Diego than it is in L.A while quality is just the same if not worse. Now you're thinking 1-3 dollars isnt that much but when you add in another 1-2 dollars in tips. that's 5 dollars more per meal.. . As a starving college student on a low calorie diet ( trust me i'm down 60 lbs) I probably shouldn't be eating out so I shouldn't complain. But even the poorest college student has to have their starbucks every morning. . . Now on to the story, being that it's in Vegas, I was pretty much drunk the whole time, from Thursday night until Saturday, completely drunk ALL day. I ended up needing nail polish. oh lord. . . Being as how I was drunk the whole time I forgot to eat. Being hungry I looked around for food and saw a pizza place, I should have went there cause it was a lot better than China Poblano. But at the time I saw, "Oh wow Chinese food and Mexican food? this is interesting let's check this place out" . . The first thing you notice about the place is very fancy cause it Vegas, but your jaws gape and your eyes bulge when you see the prices. The prices here ranges a fancy restaurant but the food is no where near fancy. . . Now when I was in line it looked at the taco they had here were actually pretty fresh as I saw them make it from scratch, however, it seems like the Chinese food here comes from some back room in the back where you do not see how they attempt to make your food. . . Back to this review. I order Swallow A Cloud which already has the imagery of swallowing some strange white liquid as the liquid itself was actually brown, but I should have been weary when they give Chinese Won Ton the name of "Swallow A Cloud" I did absolutely no swallowing as I threw away most of the Won Ton that I ordered. But seriously, who came up with these names.. . Now you're trying to swallow misty white cloud, sounds sketch right? well you shouldn't even attempt because it was absolutely horrible. . . The description state that is "fresh"white noodle and wonton but it tasted no where near "fresh" as it was absolutely horrible. You get 3 small pieces of wonton, half a handful of crappy package noodles, and a unflavorful broth for 20 bucks. At the time I was thinking, 20 bucks, it CAN't be that bad. I should have went to wicked spoon or panda express. . . i have absolutely no idea how this place gets 3\5 stars. . I'd probably have more luck finding "chinese" food across the street at Panda Express. What a sad statement right?
The service was very helpful here, want to make it clear. However, it is very difficult to please your guests when the kitchen behind you puts out disgusting food.. . Har Gau - best average for dim sum. EXTREMELY pricey for the quality and portion size.. . Chicken lettuce wraps - The chicken wasn't bad but the lettuce cup they were served in were extremely fibrous and tough to eat.. . Tuna Tartar - The amaranth seeds ruined this dish to the point where we had to take this back.. . Vegetable fried rice - Recommended by the server because it was on "Best things I ever ate". probably one of the worst things I ever ate. This was absolutely disgusting and this is coming from someone who loves vegetables. The veggies (turnips, radishes, greens, etc.) were near-raw  and the ratio of vegetable to rice was about 2:1. . . Biggest waste of $120 in my life.
So to start off, the staff and service here was good.. . The idea of this place seemed like a good idea but as my group looked over the menu, none of the food was what we were expecting.  I understand the concept of this place being that you all order small dishes to share within the group.  The waitress explained that normally you need about 2-3 dishes per person to fill you up. Keep in mind each of these small dishes are about 5-25 dollars.  With a large party, this place is not worth it for you.. . Our waiting asked if we would like to have some chips and salsa for the table. We said sure so they brought out two sets since we had 7 people. Then she goes, I can bring out some guacamole if you guys would like as well. We said, sure. So they brought out two bowls. . I was really craving tacos but noticed it was 5.50-10.50 for one. I asked her how big the tacos were and she said 2-3 bites worth. Sorry, I don't care how good this taco was... It's not worth that price. I can get a better tasting taco in east la from a taco truck. . . Their "famous" fried rice didn't wow me either. Tasted like something I could get at any regular Chinese place. . . When we got out check with a grand total of 171 dollars we were pretty confused since we only order a taco each and some fried rice. We then noticed we were charged 12 dollars for chips and salsa and then 15 dollars for each bowl of guacamole. Pretty shocked at this point. Cool. . . Got home and looked at my bank account to find that 15 extra dollars was charged on my debit card from them. So overall, I'd never come to this place again.
We had the pork and shrimp shui mai very fatty and oily Then had the steamed buns with bar b q pork .. No flavor, and gristly  ok now we try the shrimp mojo They had some flavor but you could pour off the oil into a cup , so gross.  The staff were very nice!  The prices are very high for the bad quality of food.  Do not waste your $.. Jose  Andres has too many restaurants and is losing it!!   From Suzanne
I honestly don't even want to give this place ONE STAR. I was there this past weekend.. the girls and I are all STARVING after the pool party at Marquee and we wanted some food pronto. This was right there when we were walking out and we thought it was Chinese fast food. Yannoe? Something quick and yummy and hopefully, cheap. Boy were we wrong on ALL of that! I guess I should have been alarmed that this place serves BOTH Chinese AND Mexican food? Hmm... . . Anyways, we walked in, got seated, and checked out the menu. Everything was pretty expensive, but since we were already seated, we decided to just go with it. We ordered 3 hot and sour soups, 2 noodles, and 1 fried rice.. TRUST ME when I say this because I'm not exaggerating when I say that EVERYTHING TASTED DISGUSTING -- keep in mind that I have not eaten in 8 hours and cup noodles would have tasted heavenly.. But no, the food was completely nasty and they got a little vinegar happy on all our dishes. Not only were the food gross, but the portion was TINY. The waitress even said that you'd have to order 2-3 dishes per person to even be full. Really?. . After what seemed like days for our food to come out, we decided to cancel the fried rice. We wanted to pay, get the hella outta there, and find some REAL FOOD. Our bill came out to $90ish dollars. It was ridiculous how BAD this place is. Nasty food, tiny portions, overly priced.. need I say more?. . But yeah.. Keep in mind that this review is more for their Chinese menu, but I will not be back to find out how their Mexican food tastes like. Please save your money and go to the Panda Express down the street if you want Chinese. You'll be much happier AND you'll get more bang for your buck there than at this place.
DISCLAIMER: food is extra salty. . 7 of us ate here, all concur that the food is very salty! im appaled!
Barf. stay away from Mexican Chinese should have been my first thought. It was like a freaking flashing sign:  CHINA POBLANO means "STAY AWAY, I'M DISGUSTING!" in Korean. no, really! But my girls n I were sooo hungry we took a shot. Veggie Fried RIce, some kind of dumpling and both were barf. I'm sorry it tasted like someone pre-chewed Mexican food and placed it back into our fried rice bowl and as the dumpling filler. . . Granted, we were ALL sick that night, and not from all the free Vegas drinks.
Do not eat here! The concept of Mexican/Chinese food might some interesting to some. Trust me it's not! We were at the Cosmopolitan hotel to visit their Buffet. But it was closing in 30 minutes, so we decided to try one of the restaurants in the hotel. The menu sounded interesting to the ladies' in our group so we decided to give it a try. . . BIG MISTAKE!. . The servers was fast and attentive. But in my opinion service is only secondary to the food. Everything at this restaurant is overpriced and bland at best. Chips = $4, small bowl of Guacamole = $15! And that was their best meal!. . The Vegetable Jiaozi  Dim Sum is bland, the Setas, &  Barbacoa de Res tacos are crappy. Hell, the tacos al carbon at Del Taco taste ten times better at 1/3 of the price.. . There might be great Mexican/Chinese Combo or fusion restaurants, but I don't know about them. . . Bottom line, I would rather go to bed hungry than to eat at China Poblano again.
Great concept, but it was poorly executed. I was really unimpressed, especially since The Cosmopolitan houses so many amazing restaurants.. . I had dinner here with a party of 8. With the prices they had, I thought I'd be in for some amazing fusion cuisine.... . Queso Fundido - $10 literally just melted, buttery cheese. I can't believe we paid 10 bucks for this!. Papas Fritas w/ Mole - $7 Was interesting at first, but then no one wanted to finish it.. Setas (Wild Mushroom Guacamole Tacos) - $4.50/taco I got two. I didn't even want to finish my 2nd one, so I gave it to my boyfriend.. Cochinita (Yucatan-style BBQ Pork Tacos) - $5.50/taco My friends said it was okay. Nothing special.. . We didn't feel satisfied after our meal.. Small portions. Super overpriced. Lousy flavors. AVOID!
You know how when you go to a gas station and pay using a credit/debit card before pumping gas? And you know how the gas station "pre-charges" you for a certain amount to guarantee you can actually pay for those 21 gallons of gas your gas-hog vehicle guzzles up? You know how those "pre-charges" are immediately returned to your account once you complete your gas purchase? Well, China Poblano treats its customers' like gas pumpers at the good ol' Gas 'n' Goods.. . Hold on. Let me back up and write a review for the actual dining experience before I get into the real reason for my 1-star review.. . My actual dining rating is probably closer to a 3-star in terms of food taste and ambiance. I had eaten at China Poblano before, while on a date. The food was good and the drinks were well made. I didn't care at the time what the prices were because my date insisted I get whatever I wanted. So the overpriced menu wasn't an issue until my return visit with friends. . . During my return visit I chose items a little more conservatively. Only one cocktail, some guacamole and some duck something-or-other. My total bill including the automatic tip of 20% (for parties of 6+) was only $39. Not bad at all really, even though I realized I should have just ordered twice as much guacamole and skipped the duck-whatever. I LOVE duck and always order it when it makes it onto a menu. This wasn't watery-mouth duck. It was over-cooked, barely-recognizable duck. The food isn't so amazing that I would suggest it for large groups in which only one person pays. It is more of a cute place for a date or a place for a group of friends who are paying separately. It isn't even really a fusion restaurant, per se, so if you are craving Mexican or Chinese you should probably just go to the restaurant you crave.. . A fusion restaurant usually makes it a point to FUSE two types of cuisine into one dish. This restaurant merely offers items from two different cuisines in separate sections.. . Anyway, the restaurant is cute. The decor is different. The only chairs that have backs to them are the booths. The servers are lazy. Oh wait, what's that? Lazy servers at an overrated restaurant that serves undersized and overpriced food? No way!. . Now for a better explanation of why this restaurant went from a 4-star on my first visit to a 1-star on my second/third visit:. . After my friends and I ate our meal and paid for the meals individually with our debit/credit cards, we spent the rest of the night enjoying some Mario Kart in the room and some hot-tub lounging because well, we were staying in Vegas a full week and this was already night #5. It seemed like a great night all around.. . Then when we woke in the morning, one of my friends decided to check his account charges on his phone app. He panicked when he saw that China Poblano had charged an extra 30%. He too had paid $39 including tip and suddenly had a $51.70 charge. Granted, that wasn't an insane amount of money. Only $11.70. However, when you consider that the total bill for the table was over $200, that 30% upcharge now looks more like a hefty $60+ charge spread out over all of our accounts. We all checked our accounts and since we have all been servers in restaurants before and realize that sometimes shady/desperate servers like to add-on a little extra tip and hope that no one notices, we stormed over to China Poblano determined to fix the issue and get our money back into our accounts. We at least wanted a genuine apology.. . When we arrived at the restaurant and asked to speak to a manager about the extra charge, the hostess stated "Oh, yeah we get this all the time." Ummmmm, what? You get this complaint all the time?. . Well, the manager explained to us that the [cheap ass] credit card processing company they use temporarily charges an extra 20-30% for transactions to guarantee that the funds are available. JUST LIKE A GAS STATION. The only difference is, at a gas station you are pre-paying for something in which the final price is unbeknownst to you until you are done pumping. At a restaurant (especially when the tip is included in the bill) you know exactly how much you are paying right then and there when you sign the receipt. The server then enters it into the computer and there is no more need for any extra charges. . . We tried to explain to her that this is the ONLY restaurant that we have ever encountered that has such ridiculous practices. Not only do they give their customers a small panic attack when they check their account balances (imagine if you were someone who went to a special dinner and reluctantly threw down $500 for a nice dinner out with your family and when you look at your account there is a charge for $650 instead) BUT ON TOP OF THAT they don't seem to think it is a big deal or let customers know of this extra temporary charge ahead of time. On top of all that, the manager was very condescending, smug and without an apologetic bone in her body.
should get more stars for the taste alone but the price and the portion size kills it for me. dozen of us walked in for dinner and none of us left satisfied.
Loud and uncomfortable.
Disgusting! This place serves over seasoned food that you get way overcharged for. Don't come here!
This place is nasty. Plain nasty. The bill came out to 500.00 for god knows what. We where three couples and it wasnt my choice to go there, but never again.When we left I had to order room service because i didnt eat at all. Food is nasty and stupid combo far as Chines/mexican food. Who ever thought of this business Was on drugs when they came out with a stupid idea. NASTYYYYY.
Not good at all!!!!!!!  1 small disgusting taco will run ya almost $6.  Not impressed by the Chinese food either, made me almost VOMIT!
WTF Jose Andres!  I was so disappointed with this place - I feel like he just opened a restaurant with uninspired recipes he found in random places and slapped his name on it.  . . There was nothing special at all going on here. Had about 7 dishes and not a single one excited me.  Definitely pass.
Not worth your money and time. The atmosphere and decor is really cute but sad to say, that is not enough to bring me back. The Tuna Ceviche was probably the most exciting thing there. The tanginess and these crunch lil things which I suspect is fried roe makes the dish! The tacos were blah and bland and most dissapointing of all was some wheat noodles with tiger sauce. We thought the sauce sounded exciting and exotic but it was just chinese fermented bean sauce. This sauce does nothing to boost the flavor of the horribly bland wheat noodles. Totally disappointing and I will not be back!.
I rather go to freemont street and eat on the ground without utensils then go back to this horrible establishment.
A very poor dining experience.. . There was no one in the restaurant when we arrived and I should have took that as a sign of trouble, alas my spidey senses were not tingling...and later on nor were my taste buds.. . Arrived with a group of four (3 being from China). I figured this would be a fun place to experience being a mexican/chinese fusion restaurant.. . It began with the ordering of hot water that arrived in an iron tea pot, visually pleasing but left a terrible metallic aftertaste. The dishes we ordered were indeed tiny and expensive as other reviews state. My company had two orders of different soups and the fresh handmade noodles but had to quickly report to our waiter that all three dishes were incredibly salty, we're talking "preserve your tongue for the winter" salty. Our waitress advised us that a lot of asian customers have this problem, "Americans just expectlots of salt or they complain that there is not enough flavour". I found this a little hard to believe being that all other restaurants we tried in Vegas were well under the "tongue preservation" level of salt. . . They offered to redo the soups but we had enough of the trouble and decided to cut our loses and shared the noodles and a fish taco (a very rubbery fish taco but with nice hints of flavour). . . It was then that the hostess provided the bill which included the two dishes that we did not even eat, after reminding her of this they quickly changed the bill but the fact that they tried to charge for everything showed no care at all for customer experience.
I was not even going to give this place a star.  The service was horrible, it took over 10 minutes for someone to approach us to take our beverage order, then it took another 10 minutes to get the drinks, which should have been our cue to leave.. . We then ordered chips and salsa to start, which again took forever to get to us, then why we continued to order more was beyond me, but we did, which included the queso poblano dip, nothing exciting to write about, in addition to two very small tacos, which were ok, and then some potstickers, which my son said were horrible, and I took a bit and he was right.  Anyway, I will spare you the rest, just don't recommend going here, and we live in Vegas, and could recommend several other places that do a better job.   Very disappointed!
Wow I didn't want to believe the bad reviews, but now I do... Horrible horrible. Service and I only got the take out.  These people need to go to finishing school.  I never review places, but after that experience I feel it's my duty to warn people before wasting their money on a bad experience.  Jose Andres needs to come back here and clean house.
Overpriced. Good ingredient put together all wrong. It's like they didn't do Mexico or china right but tried to do both. :(
small portions. crazy small portions. stick to the buffet because at china poblano, the  food didn't taste very good. and it was grossly overpriced. i will never return. NEVER! EVER. EVER!
First off, we were robbed. Apart from the way overpriced food, I was surprised to see that someone forged a generous and undeserved 30% tip on my credit card bill, when I clearly left 15% on the receipt. Second, the food was mediocre at best. We started out with a couple of their signature cocktails which were fun and creative but not worth refilling our glasses with. The waiter was kind and willing, however his recommendations all fell flat on the palate. While the food was beautifully presented the taste was not impressive at all. We started with the Carnitas tacos which were bland and extremely oily. Next came the Lamb potstickers. The lamb filling was also not seasoned. Lastly we ordered the food network recommended 20 vegetable dish and added shrimp. Again the protein was bland and unseasoned. While the rice was somewhat tasty, it was not something to rave about. At the conclusion of our meal, we were somewhat shocked to see an $85 bill for the amount and quality of food that was ordered for 2 people. Despite the disappointing food, our waiter was nice and returned to our table multiple times to check on us. I believe this was mainly due to the fact that our order took a long time to arrive. Nevertheless I tipped 15% and clearly wrote the total of $100 on the receipt. Well, when I checked my bank, I noticed the 30% charge instead. I will be calling the restaurant today to dispute the issue. China Poblano is overrated and overpriced. Coupled with the billing issue, the overall experience was very disappointing. Needless to say we will not be giving it a second try.
Gross. Keep moving. Expensive and for mediocre food.  Cochinita taco had no flavor and a large piece of fat that I only noticed b/c I opened it up. The Coctel de Camarones was okay but nothing spectacular. There are so many great places in Vegas - just choose another.
My friends and I visited China Poblano for my Birthday dinner. All in all, dinner left A LOT to be desired. We were all incredibly disappointed, and it put a damper on our evening. . . The Ceviche was probably the best dish. However, you have to order chips separately since it doesn't come with (a little weird). . . The dishes overall were just okay. Some of the flavors were good, but the portions were small. I ordered the lobster taco, which only had two small chunks of lobster. The tacos are tiny. My taco was only two small bites. $10 for that? My friends also ordered tacos, and were extremely dissatisfied. We were so unhappy that we asked for the tacos to be taken off our bill (which they did). . . The service was super slow. . . I would not come here again. It was a poor choice my birthday dinner. We were excited by the exotic menu and the fact that the restaurant is in the Cosmo Casino, but extremely disappointed in the end. Don't waste your time!
Over-priced miniature food portions. What a novel idea. This was such a disappointment because the food tasted pretty good but the portions were tiny. I mean extremely small. Kid-sized. Sorry, I will not be returning.
ugh I wish there was no stars!  my experience in this place was pretty bad. service was not good and the  place wasn't even busy at that time ! the  food was really pricey i normally don't care as long as the food is amazing  but the food was OK. one of the people in my group ordered her dish with no meat and  when they brought all the plates out turned out they made all of them vegetarians so  we had to wait for them to remake our food  we all ate at different times, my coffee came late it seemed like the waiter totally forgot about it , I had to remind him. they brought us chips and salsa(since they re not complimentary) so we could much on something while we waited but it just didn't make up for anything. I would not recommend this place :(
Barely a shadow of Chinese or Mexican food based on taste, texture, or portion.  Hostess was clueless. 1) First told us there was no reservation 2) told us we have to wait for a table after finding our reservation 3) we mention our friend's have arrived and she said we were the first of the party to be here 4) walked past her and FOUND our friend's sitting down under our reservation.  You'd be better off going to any place on Spring Mountain or Roberto's
My friends and I wanted to have a great night out for her bachelorette weekend.  The service and food effectively put a damper on the entire night. Don't bother with this restaurant --go elsewhere. . . The food had the potential to be spectacular --but there was no real 'fusion' of the different flavors. I've been to Jose Garces restaurants in Philly and expected Chef Andres' restaurants to have innovative flavors and fusing of cultures.  I was wrong.. there was a 'mexican' side and a 'chinese' side of the menu.  Both of which were adequate at best.  The Posole was the only thing we liked.  The salad was ok too. . . The moles and pipian had no resemblance to the rich and flavors we find in Mexico, or good Mexican food in Oaxacan restaurants.  All the tacos were extremely oversauced so you couldn't taste the meat.  the noodle dish we ordered tasted like they dumped the entire bottle of rice vinegar in it.  When we told the waitress, she scolded me and said 'that's how it's supposed to taste' to which I replied "actually no it's not --if you'd listened to us as we ordered you would realize you have a table who are familiar with the cuisine. " She agreed to take it back and off the bill. However when the bill came, she still charged us and I had to argue with her to take it off.  Oh and the 2 of us who ate that dish got sick later. . . It was hard not to notice that the wait staff was more attentive to all the white men around us. As a group of women of color --it was disappointing that we had to spend so much time finding our servers to make requests whether it was for more water or to make a complaint.   At $60 per person --we expect better service and to be treated with respect.
Malisimo y caro
I had an absolutely terrible experience here and I think it ruined the celebrity chef name too. . This was last summer and I finally got around to writing the review. I still have the bad aftertaste in my mouth and I swore never to go back there again. EVER. I'd love to give them zero star if I could. . . The service: slow and inattentive. . The communication between servers and chefs was terrible - our dish somehow went "missing" and we waited and waited, we didn't get any apologies for that. . We ordered our drinks first hand, but the drinks came towards the end of the dinner. If we didn't remind them, we probably wouldn't have gotten them. . . Their guac was so bland and expensive. We mixed it with the salsa because it was that bland. I can make a better batch of guacamole for 10th of the price. The siu mai was just bad. Everything was so small and expensive for no apparent reason. I'm sorry I even wasted time and money on this place. . . Ok, maybe it's fine to go one time for the novelty of the Mexican/Chinese fusion idea, but definitely not worth the price. They made so many mistakes and failed to make up for it all! The waitress came and suggested that she was sorry, but please, we all knew she didn't mean any of it when she sounded and looked so irritated the whole time that I was complaining about the entire experience in front of her. I don't remember if I tipped, but if I did, I shouldn't have.
My review from last night was deleted so am reposting:. . I don't typically take the time to write reviews, but I want to add to the other poor reviews of this place because they are correct.  Everything here is overpriced, very small portions and average quality food.  We tried a variety of dishes all on our waiter's recommendations and were not impressed.  We were assured it was family style servings, but the portions were actually $2 side dish sizes for $20+.  Cosmo has a lot of great restaurants, this is not one of them.
This is probably the worst restaurant I've ever been to.  I'm not a picky eater so that's saying a heck of a lot.  First of all I don't think you can come up with a poorer idea than Chinese and Mexican food.  2 of the most common food staples, you're really not gonna fool anyone with gimmicks west of the Mississippi. The only reason we found this place was because we were starving and saw Mexican food on the sign, and figured how can you go wrong.  Ordered a ginger ale and sprite which came in like 10 oz little bottles.  We looked at the menu and knew we were in trouble.  Just nothing you would expect from Chinese or Mexican food, and then the waiter explained the small portions.  Um small portions and Mexican food?  Yikes.  The servers were nice to us so we didn't want to be completely rude and just walk out so we ordered a house margarita and chips/salsa out of pity.  $30+ for 10 oz sodas,margarita, and chips.  Average margarita in a "small portioned" little glass for $15, wonderful lol.  A complete waste of time and money, took the loss and couldn't wait to get out of there.  Honestly I was just embarrassed to be there.. . I don't have a problem paying Vegas prices I get it, otherwise I wouldn't visit here.  But this place is nothing short of insulting, you can get dumplings and street tacos at home.  If you want atmosphere you're better off at a real lounge.  If you want good food, go to Chinatown.
Do not waste your time or money.  On a recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I thought we would give China Poblano a try. We all thought the portions were very small and over priced. My taco order was served with my friend's order and I was not even offered a plate to place my order on. I can honestly say, it was the first time I have left an establishment feeling hungry. There are so may great places in Vegas to enjoy a meal. This is not one though.
Way overpriced for shelf/canned food. Worst they don't even tell you that they charge extra for chips, guacamole, refills.
Avoid this restaurant at all costs - because that is all it will do COST.  We went with a group of eight and the bill was insane for insanely small portions.  I ordered the 20 vegetable fried rice with chicken.  The vegetables must have been diced to a miniscule size, because I couldn't find all those vegetables  AND at $34 with tax and tip - not worth it.  The tacos are also so small- 2 bites.  Our friends ordered dessert and I laughed out loud when the waiter put it down.  It was a tablespoon sized portion.  The total bill came to about $400 and we were STILL hungry.  I've had amazing meals at commes ca and Milos both at the Cosmopolitan.  This restaurant was embarrassingly expensive and of inferior quality and can't even be discussed in the same breath.  Oh by the way everyone at our table had no problem spending a lot on a good mean, which we did the following night at Milos.  We just don't like being robbed for a shit meal.
If you want to pay way to much for mediocre food and small portions then this place is your nirvana!. . The $15 guacamole should have been a tip-off ... the waiter swore it was THAT good...so we gave it a try.  I'd say at best it might be slightly above average.  Unless its amazingly hard to truck an avacado into Las Vegas though, at $15 for an avacado, some lime, and a tomato they are making a killing on this dish.. . Next up, salt and pepper tofu. This dish is best described as bland and unsatisfying. I love me some good tofu - but good this was not. Basically it was 4 pieces of tofu doused in corn starch and fried. Seasoned with some salt and pepper. There was a small chile garnish, but it was pretty bland and didn't give the tofu any flavor.  $12.88 for that gem of a dish. Disapointing.. . The waiter raved about the famous fried rice, featured on food network, yada yada. I was really looking forward to it... It was ok. I appreciated that the vegetables were nicely, uniformly diced up for texture, but man it was HEAVY. Very greasy dish.  Again for $20 I expected something a bit more sophisticated. . . My wife had Gan Pung Ji Chicken, which to her was a big bunch of averageness for $23.00. . . Another annoying thing about this place is they bring your food out at random times. That meant my wife was done with her entree before I was even served mine. The waiter explained this was just how their restraurant worked. WHAT?! Why? It makes no sense. What kind of restraurant thinks that is normal?. . Definitely would under no cirumstances eat here again. There are a lot of other choices in vegas that provide MUCH better food and MUCH better service at a MUCH better price. . . To summarize, if you are in Vegas and want to throw away some money. You can either hit the tables or hit china pablano. The tables are a lot more fun and at least there is a chance you may come out ahead. At china pablano however you are gauranteed to be a loser.
I have eaten here about 6 times now.  The level of service and food quality and gotten worse each time.  My last visit I was terribly disappointed!  The bill was $442 and we were still hungry afterwards.  I would no recommend this place at all.  Another problem with this place is the hosts always put the customers in the same section instead of utilizing the entire restaurant.  So annoying.. All in all, food tastes bad and the portion sizes are very small.
Way over-priced. I hate the feeling of being gypped. That's how I felt after eating at China Poblano. It's pricey and food was blah to say the least. We ordered the Happy Family Potstickers $13 for 6 pieces. The frozen bag from my local Asian market tasted way better. We also ordered the Ten Treasure Soup $18 - can you say bland? The last thing we ordered was When Pigs Fly - $14 for a small steamed bun with bbq pork - tasty but so small, it was gone in three bites. For these prices, I would have been OK if taste was good, but we were neither satisfied, nor happy. We actually had to eat a couple slices of pizza after just to feel full. I'm not a big girl - 5'2" and 110 pounds. Are you paying for the name of the chef or a meal?? Nope. We're not going back - EVER!
We came here prior to running the Vegas marathon thinking we could get our fill of carbs and grub on something original... Nope.. . The menu is overpriced and the portions are atrociously small. It's a shame because the food is actually decent and the service was great- but come on guys, you're feeding humans. Barbie would spend a small fortune here and still leave hungry.. . Skip it and head to the silver spoon buffet down the hall instead- you'll get twice the amount of food at half the cost.
My beef isn't so much the  actual taste of the food it's more like the portion and cost.  I know, I know after all this is Las Vegas so everything is priced three times what it usually should cost. It is completely beyond me how people can charge this much for food. During this particular visit I arrived with seven other guests three of which were menly men (like these boys could eat). One of them even asked which is your largest meal and the waiter responded with Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice. Judging by it's miniture size I doubt it actually had twenty vegetables it was probably named that cause it cost close to twenty dollars! . . Next up is the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich it is braised red pork in a chinese flat bread. It was tasty but a bit on the salty side and was almost half the size of my iphone! . . Then my hunny and I split the Shrimp Mojo per the waiter's recommendation. It was packed full or flavor and mouthwatering good. It was $16 for eight pieces.. . Again my complaint isn't towards the taste or quality of the food mainly the portions. The service was good we were seated within 10 minutes for a party of eight while other places had hour long wait times. The restaurant decor and arrangement was very chic and trendy. But after loosing my butt in the casino I doubt I'd be able to pay for a substantial lunch here!
This place is terrible. Everything is ultra salty, horribly tasteless, and completely overpriced. The only edible thing were the tacos, but it was definitely not worth the $$. Not only was the food a huge letdown, the service also sucked! The waiter was not friendly and kept pressuring us to buy the most expensive items on the menu. I love both Chinese and Mexican foods so the concept of the restaurant had a lot of potential, but China Poblano definitely didn't deliver on the culinary experience. Unfortunately, the only things going for this place are the cool/weird decor and interesting concept.
The food is good. But the served amount is too little compared to the price. And the soup is too salty. Please, go to other places for Chinese food.
Do not eat here, nasty food.. $5.00 for a chicken potato taco.. $14.00 for 6 shu mai. $2.00 for hot sauce.... I wouldn't even come back for .99 cents
